  Chapter 12 in the Mr. Basketball series. All characters involved in sexual activity are 18 and older. 

*****

"Welcome to Duke University," the coach said as we entered her office.

"It's more like welcome back for me," I said offering Taylor a seat after we shook hands.

"Oh?" she asked curiously.

"I played three seasons for coach K before I was injured and I had to give up playing."

"Welcome back then," she smiled.

"So, Taylor," she said changing gears. "I hear you are interested in coming to college at our wonderful facility."

"I am very interested," she smiled.

"That is very good to hear," she smiled back at her. "Mr. Tillman wouldn't have anything to do with that would he?"

"Some," she giggled a little. "My goal is to get a good education and play for a team that coaches the very best."

"You've come to the right place then," she said looking my way.

Yeah, I coached her a little but this was where she had her heart set to play so I wanted to give her every advantage I possibly could.

"Well, we've seen your tapes and I like what I've seen so far," she continued. "You actually caught the attention of the scout when you were a freshman. We were at the state championship game to do some scouting on another prospect. You played very well for a freshman so we have been keeping up with you for a few years now."

"Wow," Taylor smiled again. "I didn't know that."

"You've improved a lot since then and we are interested in having you come to Duke," she said.

Taylor couldn't contain her smile as she said this to her.

"So tell me about yourself Ms. Tilly."

Taylor started talking about her life outside of basketball. I listened in but zoned out a little as they both went back and forth doing a question and answer thing. They talked for about twenty minutes before she asked if we wanted to take a walk around the campus and see the sights.

"I would love that," Taylor smiled.

We left the office and headed out to tour the campus. It was still rather quiet since they were still on winter break and a lot of the students had gone home for the holidays. As we walked around and saw the sights it all started to come back to me. I remembered the place like it was yesterday as we walked and talked.

The smell of the gym made me remember my time spent here. I saw the spot where I blew my knee out and cringed as we went into the locker room to look around inside. We went back out into the gym and they talked some more as I looked around. I remembered the place full of people screaming and cheering as we played. I couldn't help but wonder what it would have been like to play all four years here and where I would be if it didn't happen.

Taylor taking my hand brought me back to the present as the dreams of days gone by vanished.

"So?" coach asked. "Is this your significant other?"

"We are just dating at the moment," I answered.

"Oh," she said with a little concern in her voice.

"It won't affect her decision if she decides to attend in the fall," I said. "I can always move."

Taylor glanced up at me and smiled a little.

"That's great," coach said. "It's very hard for a freshman to be out on her own so having something to keep her stable will only benefit her."

"Trust me, I know," I laughed. "I almost failed out my first semester when I got here. I had no idea what it was like to be on my own. She's a great kid though. She won't let the freedom get in the way of her studies and her basketball."

"That's good to hear," she smiled.

She turned right back to Taylor and started talking to her again about this and that. I knew from my visit that this was going well. There were a few things that she wasn't too keen on but you get that with everyone that you see. We ended up leaving the gym and headed to a restaurant to get dinner.

We talked more as she really tried to get a feel for Taylor. She asked me a lot more at dinner about my life and my time here. It was nice to be able to relate to the campus with someone who had spent a lot of time here.

"Before we go," coach started. "I need to ask you something I forgot about. How many other offers do you currently have?"

"From division one schools or all of them?" Taylor questioned.

"Big schools," she answered. "I can't see you committing to a smaller school with offers from division one schools."

"I have three so far," she smiled shyly.

"And have you visited them?"

"Not yet."

"The reason I ask is I like to know what I am up against. I really enjoyed our time and I really like your ability. I want to make you an offer to come play for us in the fall but I don't want you to make up your mind until you have been to the other schools. Unless you don't want to, then I want you here."

"This is where my heart is at," she smiled. "I plan to see what else is out there but I really want to come here."

"I can't sign you yet but I can offer you a spot if you want it. I want to have you come back for an official visit in a few weeks."

"I would love to come back," she cheered.

"Then consider this my verbal offer to give you a full ride to Duke. Don't give me an answer until you make your other visits. I know you will be back here when you see what else is out there."

"Thank you, thank you, thank you," Taylor almost cried.

"We would love to have you here. Tomorrow the gym will be open at nine for a shoot around with the team. I won't be there until ten so you can go in and join them if you would like to but you have to be out of there by ten."

"I would love that," Taylor cheered again.

"We will definitely be in contact over the next few weeks. It's just so I can keep up with you and see how things are going until you come back for your official visit."

*

"Oh my god," Taylor cheered and jumped into my arms as we got back to the room. "I can't believe I'm going to play at Duke."

"That's awesome," I said holding her. "You deserve this. You've worked so hard and now it's starting to pay off."

"I owe this all to you," she said excitedly. "You helped me out so much. I don't know where I would be without you."

"No," I said. "This was all you. I just gave you advice on how to play. You did this. You put in the time and the hours of sweat and hard work to get this far. I'm so proud of you Taylor."

"Oh my god," she cheered again jumping around the room. "I'm so excited."

I could only smile and watch her leap around the room. Everything was set for her now. She would have four years of school paid for and she could become anything she wanted to be. I remembered that feeling when I signed. I didn't get everything I wanted but it gave me what I have.

"Thank you," she said hugging me again. "For everything. You've done more for me than I could have ever asked for."

"You're welcome," I smiled.

She leaned into me and found my mouth in a deep and meaningful kiss that said everything. I kissed her back hard as she pushed me back to the bed. It hit the back of my knees as I set down hard and let her follow me in. She was on top of me still kissing me with passion as moved further up the bed to get in the center.

Her hands caught the bottom of her shirt as she threw it off her body. It sailed across the room and landed on the lamp. I laughed as I glanced back and saw it hanging there.

"I'm smooth aren't I?" she giggled.

"In some places," I teased.

"Hmm," she growled. "Show me where."

I caught her sides and flipped her quickly on the bed as I turned over. I unbuttoned her jeans and slipped them from her body. Her little thong pulled half way down her legs as I pulled her pants free. Her smooth little cunny came into view as I pulled her thong from her legs and sent it with her shirt to the lamp. I leaned down and kissed the top of her slit where hair should be. Only the warm and tender skin met my lips as I looked up at her.

"Right here," I said teasing her.

My tongue dipped into her slit and touched her clit. Her legs opened quickly and let me take in the full view of her puss. She was leaking wetness already as I tasted her desire. I got in a few licks before she moved away from me and sat up. I gave her a sad, teasing look as she moved towards me and gave me another kiss. Her fingers pulled my shirt off my body. She teased my nipple as she licked it and smiled up at me. Her hands were already working the button on my pants.

"Sit back," she ordered as she got them open.

I spun around and rested on the bed as she worked them off my body. My cock sprang free as she tossed them to the floor and smiled at me again. Her hand wrapped around my cock as she leaned in and licked the tip. She wet is generously before taking it into her mouth. It was the first time she had taken me into her mouth.

At first she just worked the tip teasing my slit and working the sensitive head. Then she took more into her mouth until I was over half way inside. She started a slow rise until she reached the tip before teasing my with her tongue again. Then she pressed back down again and took me in until I could feel her throat. She came off and coughed as she stroked me.

She tried again to take me into her mouth. She went as far as she was comfortable with before holding me there. Her tongue traced me as she came off and held me again. She dipped lower and teased my sack. She pulled a nut into her mouth and used her tongue to tease me. I moaned my approval as she let it go and climbed my body.

My cock touched her opening as she settled over me. She turned her hips and let my tip work into her cunny. I slipped in suddenly as she pressed back. Her wetness surprised me as I pressed deep into her and bumped her cervix. She growled as she moved her hips and sat high above me. She reached back and unhooked her bra. I quickly pulled it off her body and sent it sailing.

Her nipples poked off her body as my fingers teased them. She gasped at the sudden stimulation and worked her hips harder. Her body quivered as she started cumming hard. Her wetness soaked me as she rode me and ground her cunny down on me taking me all the way into her.

She rode out the pleasure until she calmed enough to control her body again. She pulled away from me and turned her back to me. I quickly swung my legs under my body and got behind her. My cock touched her little cunny as it peeked out from between her legs. She pushed back taking me into her wetness again. My hips slapped against her body as she started meeting me half way.

"Fuck me Jake, fuck me hard."

I gripped her hips and pressed into her harder. To this point it had been mostly soft sex between us. Now she wanted it rough and I liked giving it rough sometimes. I pressed my hand against the middle of her back to get her to drop down. She let her arms spread and her head drop. She looked like a cat in heat as I pressed harder into her.

"Fuck yes," she panted. "Just like that."

"Fuck your pussy is tight," I called.

It gripped me hard and drove my desire as I pounded into her harder. My hips slapped on her ass making it ripple perfectly. I couldn't help but give her a firm slap to the ass. It made her cry out in excitement as she begged for me to do it again. I gave the other cheek a firm smack as she yelped again.

"Right there," she cried as I rested on one knee and pulled into her hard. "Going to cum hard."

"Fuck," I cried as I started boiling over and filling her with my seed.

I kept slamming into her as she bucked back into me. I felt her start to cum as I finished filling her. I let her cunny milk me long after she had stopped. I couldn't help but remain hard after the fucking she had just given me.

"It's going to get messy," she warned.

"What's wrong with that?" I teased.

"Not a damn thing," she giggled but still pulled away from me.

Her hand covered her as I started to leak from her. She quickly left the bed for the bathroom.

"Then why did you leave?" I joked.

"Don't worry, I will be back," she giggled from the bathroom.

I lay back on the bed as she returned from the bathroom. She surprised me when she took my cock into her mouth and cleaned me. She was so soft and gentle now as she worked the tip around in her mouth then pulled free. She went up one side then down the other until just her spit covered my sensitive shaft. I was still rather hard at this point and this was not helping my cause any.

She smiled up at me as I flexed my cock making it swell in her hand. She let it go and watched it bounce off my stomach before standing again. She slipped along the bed spread until she was next to me with her head resting on my chest. I pulled her closer to me as we lay there for the moment.

"So, were you serious when you said you would come with me?" she asked.

"If things are good between us when the time comes then yes. I wouldn't want to do the long distance thing so being here with you would be the best option."

"What about the house and your job?" she asked.

"The house is paid for," I said. "It can just sit there for the time being. I can get a job here. With my education I shouldn't have a problem."

"You would really leave everything for me?"

"Let's see how things go for the next couple of months," I smiled. "But my answer is yes for now."

"Ok," she giggled.

"I can't believe this is happening to me," she giggled again.

"You're almost there baby," I smiled. "Let's not get too far ahead of ourselves. You don't have a written offer so you can't slack off. You still need to play with that fire and passion that got you this offer. You still have the rest of the season to finish and you need to finish strong to reinforce the offer that they made you. No coasting along."

"I know," she sighed. "If anything I'm going to play harder."

"There's one other thing that you probably should know since you got this offer," I started. "It's going to attract a lot of attention. There will be a lot of people coming to the games now once word gets out about your commitment to coming here. People are going to want to see what you are all about and why Duke is interested in you."

"Ok," she said uneasy.

"Don't let it bother you. It happens all the time. When I was recruited, we went from getting a hundred people coming to my games to about two hundred. Just do your thing and don't worry about the people coming into the gym to watch. You did the hard work to get this offer so don't get wrapped up in it."

"I don't notice the crowd once I hit the floor anyway," she smiled. "I'm there to play basketball, not fan watch."

"That's what I like to hear," I said ticking her a little.

"Stop it," she said playfully.

"What if I don't?" I asked pinning her to the bed.

"Keep going and find out," she giggled.

I leaned back and tickled her ribs again making her wiggle and laugh hard. She kicked around and I found myself between her legs as I continued poking her ribs lightly before moving to her arms. My mostly hard member touched her wetness as she laughed hard. I pressed it against her lips and opened her up as I slipped in.

Her laughing stopped as she gasped in pleasure.

"Fuck Jake," she gasped. "How can you be so hard again?"

"I have a sexy girl in my bed and she's naked and open," I cooed as I pushed all the way into her.

"Fuck," she gasped again as I pushed deep into her and touched her end. "I don't know if I can handle you again. I'm going to be sore."

"You started this," I chuckled.

"Me," she squeaked.

"Yeah, you got back into bed naked. That's a big no, no if you don't want me hard again."

"Let me get out so I can put a shirt on," she teased. Her legs wrapped around my body.

"You're free to go," I said pulling from her. I let my cock touch her clit as I slid along it.

"I changed my mind," she begged tipping her hips up and trying get my cock back inside of her again.

I let myself slip into her and drive all the way into her again. She was soaked still as I started to pull from her slippery wetness. I let my tip just rest at her opening before pressing all the way back into her again. Little whimpers escaped her lips as I began a slow rise and fall.

Her hips started matching my thrusts as I picked up the pace a little more. I found her nipple and started teasing it with my tongue as she panted. These little whimpers of pleasure left her mouth as I pushed into her. She was soaking wet as I kept pressing into her with a steady pace. Her cunny placed the perfect amount of pressure on my cock as I fucked her.

I lost myself in her again. I found her mouth and kissed her hard. Her tongue traced mine as I panted into her mouth. Our bodies tangled around each other as we continued as one. Her panting into my mouth let me know she was close. The squeezing of her cunny confirmed she was cumming again. I let her milk me as I never changed the pace. She finished as I rested deep inside of her and kissed her harder.

I pulled from her as she turned over and rested flat on the bed. Just her hips lifted slightly showing me her little cunny framed between her legs. I touched my cock to her smooth and wet lips and waited for them to open. Her wetness coated me thickly so I opened her easily and pressed into her. She moaned again as I entered her until I was fully into her.

I pressed her perfect little ass away from my cock as I moved in and out of her. She moaned as my thumb touched her puckered hole. I circled it a little as she moaned and didn't object. I tested her and pressed it hard against her hole until it opened a little and I got the tip inside. I waited for her to tell me no as I slipped back down her tunnel. She didn't move as I pushed more of my thumb into her.

My whole thumb was in as I fucked her a little harder. She moaned louder and tipped her hips into me more. It was thrilling to be in both of her holes and I found myself ready to cum again.

"Taylor fuck," I gasped.

"Yes," she cried. "Cum with me again."

I didn't hold back as I started pushing into her harder. My thumb pressed deep in and turned so I could feel my cock inside her cunt. I started washing the walls of her cunt again as she squeezed and milked me again. I rested deep inside of her as I panted and basked in the afterglow. She cupped herself again as I pulled free and let her up. She quickly went into the bathroom again to clean up.

She came out and grabbed my shirt from the floor before slipping it over her head. I couldn't help but smile as she slipped into bed again.

"I was only joking about the shirt thing. You still don't have any panties on so the shirt won't slow me down."

She giggled and faced me on the bed as she snuggled against me again.

"I should probably call my dad and let him know what happened today."

"Which part," I teased. "I don't think he's going to want to hear about what has happened in here."

"You're sick," she said slapping me playfully. "We should probably break it to him slowly that we are dating. I don't think telling him that I just had the most incredible sex of my life with you would be a very good way to start off."

I laughed a little and gave her this look that she read instantly.

"He knows doesn't he?"

"Not about the sex," I laughed a little.

"You told him?"

I laughed again. "You really think he's that blind to the world? He's smarter than you give him credit for."

"When did you tell him?"

"He knew something was up when he took me to the airport. He asked me about it and I told him what had happened. I love and respect your dad so I didn't want to lie to him about it."

"And he was ok with it?"

"If he wasn't I wouldn't be in bed with you."

"Wow," she cried. "Here I thought I was pulling one over on him."

"Silly girl," I teased.

"He was really ok with it though?" she questioned again.

"He was just like me baby," I offered. "He wanted to make sure I was ready to take things to the next level with you. He seemed concerned but I think he knows I wouldn't hurt you. I think he was more worried about you."
