 When I was 12 my mother asked me what I had been doing in my room for the past few hours. I told her I had been writing stories. The next day she gave me a leather-bound diary. On the first page, she wrote:

"To my beloved Peanut
Reality surpasses fiction
Your loving Mother"

When I asked her what she meant, she softly laughed and said I'd understand if I wrote in my diary everyday.

So every night I would take an hour –often more- and write what happened during my day in a more or less chronological order.

Until one night I got caught up in my writing and made a story out of my ordinary life.

Here is an event from my ordinary life I thought could be of interest.

* Many thanks to my friend OmegaZone for editing.

----------------

April 15 (evening)

Today I discovered I might have a slight tendency towards OOC, carefully counting my steps and pretty much everything else I do that asks for a repetition...

Anyway I got a call from Mr. Braun this morning. I was just turning off the water in the shower and when I heard the phone ring I thought it was Nicolas, so I ran to the phone, naked, leaving wet threads from the cold bathroom floor to the living room thick rug.

So Franz (he is so damn severe I don't dare call him by his first name in his presence!) tells me Anna is still in Germany to visit her parents - yeah... like we don't know they're split up and will probably get a divorce soon - and he would need me to sleep over for a few nights and take care of the kids as he has important meetings all week.

Of course I agreed; the Brauns pay very well and Jan and Max are great. True, they weren't so great three years ago. But now they love me and they're a bit older so thank god they're also quieter.

Jan looks so much like his father they could be twins born a generation apart! Which makes me think... how old is Franz anyway? Odd I never asked. Anna and him have been married 17 years, and Anna once told me they waited until Franz got his Masters before getting married - let's say he earned his Masters at the more or less average age of 25 - so that would make him about 42.

Wow! He doesn't look 42. 

I had classes this morning, and the rest of the day off. Pretty usual stuff: coffee, mandatory reading and analysis (which I have no idea how to begin... who even reads Zola anymore anyway?!?)

I picked up Jan and Max from school and took them home. They did their homework, then we went out rollerblading, we ate and they played a bit, I gave them their baths, read them a story and they went to bed in their 'fortress' in the basement.

They are going through a Camelot phase these days; last month they were aliens and they had a secret spaceship buried in the basement.

I don't call Nicolas over to the Brauns anymore: not since Franz caught me giving Nicolas a blowjob in their living room 2 weeks ago! I felt so ashamed when Franz just stood there, without saying a word, looking at Nicolas and me with a weird look on his face – jealousy? I was surprised he didn't mention it to Anna.

So I continued reading Zola and waited for Franz to get home. I guess he went out for dinner with this clients or something since he came home at 10:19.

"Guten Abend Herr Braun," I said as soon as he came through the door. Franz keenly taught me basics in German and appears happy when I use the little knowledge I have of his mother tongue.

I was still a bit embarrassed that he saw me with my boyfriend's cock in my mouth; and also intimidated by his height, and how stern he looked. No wonder he's being considered for a judgeship (or however it works in the legal business) he can be so aloof. 

Yeah, he does make me hot with his calm, collected, damn cold attitude! I tried to make him lose it a couple of times, wearing very short skirts to show off my long dancer thighs, or tight fitting jeans and a cropped top so he could witness how tight my young body is, stroking my shoulders provocatively, licking my plump lips... nothing! Damn I wonder how he got 2 kids!

Tonight I wasn't trying to make him hot though. I was wearing my reading glasses, my hair in pigtails for the night. I had removed my make up and wearing a plain white nightie with spaghetti straps. I looked kinda plain.

But then I noticed the lust in his eyes. Maybe he was just missing his wife so I didn't pay too much attention to it. Though even when Anna was home I doubt the bedroom saw a lot of action...

Anyway, he came into the living room and sat on the couch beside me, loosening his tie. I wanted to reach over and rip his classy shirt off. I offered him a drink instead, which he refused, claiming he had an early meeting in the morning.

I told him I was going to bed and picked up Zola. I stood and leaned forward to kiss Mr. Braun goodnight and I could have sworn he stared at my perky breasts when my lips touched his cheek.

"Gute Nacht," he said mechanically as I slowly climbed the stairs to retire to the guestroom for the night.

I was so horny at that point! Franz looked so hot in his dark gray suit. Something about him makes my heart skip a beat and my pussy incredibly wet. Maybe it's his confidence. Or his bright blue eyes... or the silver hair on his temples.

Whatever it is, it's arousing me a lot right now, so I'll stop writing to masturbate. I didn't bring any toys so I'll use my fingers, imagining his tongue licking my clit. I bet he does it better than Nicolas, too...

***************

April 15 (night)

Oh my God! I have to write this before I go to sleep. I don't care how late (or early) it is!

It's 5:09. I have to get up in less than an hour to prepare breakfast and take the kids to school and I have a class at 10:00 but I just have to write this!

I woke up at 3:00 to go to the bathroom. Mr. Braun's room is right next to the bathroom, and when I walked in front of his door, I heard him groan. I figured he was dreaming so I silently kept on walking and I heard him moan... then I heard his voice, husky, ragged, saying something in German and then he spoke my name!

God! Was he jerking off thinking of me? Or was he just dreaming? I kneeled in front of his door and peeked through the keyhole.

I couldn't believe it! Mr. Braun was in his bed, naked, leaning back on cushions, stroking his dick with the TV on.

What a man! His right arm was moving in rhythm and his hair was messy. He was sometimes resting his head on the pillows, other times he looked down at his impressive member.

I gasped and held my breath. Should I leave? Should I go in? I kept on peeking, my fingers roaming around my hard nipples. I squeezed my thighs really hard together as I watched Mr. Braun pleasure himself. I licked my lips and repressed a moan when I pinched my nipples.

"Ja... Ja," he was grunting. He was saying more but it was in German so I couldn't understand what he was saying. I grabbed the hem of my white nightgown and pulled it up my thighs.

I was getting really turned on by the show he was unintentionally giving me. I spread my thighs, still kneeling in front of his closed door, peeking through the keyhole, and ran my middle finger along my slit.

I was so hot and wet! Mr. Braun was rubbing his palm in circles over the head of his big cock. It looked like he was playing with his balls with his other hand. I let out a louder than intended moan, and almost lost balance, humping my own finger.

Mr. Braun stopped what he was doing and listened. I held my breath as my heart stopped, fearing he'd storm out of his room and find me there, horny and wet.

Maybe I wanted him to find me there, horny and wet. But he just grabbed the remote and pointed it at the TV before he resumed stroking his hard dick. I slipped a finger in my slippery pussy, wishing my fingers were Mr. Braun's.

What was he watching? A porn flick probably.

I closed my eyes for a second and kneeled back a bit, entering 2 more fingers in my needy cunt. I brushed my thumb on my long nipples over my white cotton nightie.

Then my heart really stopped! I heard Mr. Braun's door open.

I gasped and quickly opened my eyes despite my shame and saw him, standing tall in the doorway, his thick blue robe doing a poor job in covering his big hard on.

I wanted him so much! I slipped my fingers out of my pussy and brought them to my mouth, slowly licking and sucking them clean.

He grinded his teeth and asked, his voice so husky and low it made me even hornier, "What are you doing?"

I don't know if he was expecting an apology or if he was trying to embarrass me. Wasn't it obvious what I was doing?

I slowly stood and caressed his chest over his robe, gently grinding my crotch on his thigh. His jaw tensed and he let out long and heavy sigh.

I bit my bottom lip and opened his robe, my fingernails grazing on his warm skin. God! That man is sexy! He doesn't know it, and that's a big part of his sexiness.

His flesh was warm and inviting. I kissed his left nipple. It was so hard... when I flicked my tongue on it he grabbed my pigtails and gently pulled me away.

I looked up at him, panting – fuck! I was so horny! – and with my eyes wide opened I softly asked, "You don't like?"

He closed his eyes and sighed again. His dick was poking through his robe and I licked my lips, reaching for it.

Again, he stopped me, gently taking my wrist in his large hand.

"Alexandra," he whispered, "I don't think this is a good idea."

What? Fuck! He was so hard he could have drilled a hole in the wall!

"But... I heard you say my name. Weren't you thinking of me when you were rubbing yourself?" I exhibited.

He hesitated and nodded.

"And I think of you every time I touch myself as well. Even when Nicolas fu..." I stopped the word before it came out – Mr. Braun doesn't like swearing.

"When Nick and I have sex, I think: 'I bet Mr. Braun does it better.'"

I guided his hand on my puffy nipples. "Feel how hard my nipples are?"

He fondled my breasts, one after the other, making my nipples even harder and longer. I arched my back and moaned when he tweaked my nipples.

Breathing heavily, I guided his hand between my thighs. "Feel how wet you make me?" I half begged, half stated, my voice a quiet whimper.

He let out some sort of low growl when his fingers touched my wetness, and he slowly started to rub my pussy, exploring it, and quickly finding the right spot I needed stimulated.

I gasped when he slowly and gently rubbed my clit.

"I knew it... I knew you'd do it better than Nicolas," I whispered, holding on to his firm arm.

"I'll show you what else I can do better than this little punk," he growled as he pulled me closer to him with his hand on the small of my back. I was shivering under his expert touch.

He held me tight with one hand and continued to slowly rub my swollen clit. His hands were so big and my waist so tiny I felt completely powerless in his arms. And I liked it.

He stopped touching me to silently close the door and he pushed me against it before possessing my mouth with his.

His kiss was passionate, violent almost, yet his hands were caressing my whole body gently, carefully. When he squeezed my ass I kissed him back, harder.

Then I heard the TV. The sound was very low; I guess he paused whatever he was watching and the pause time had expired or something.

He seemed embarrassed and quickly went to fetch the remote. "Don't worry, I've seen porn before," I playfully said, looking at the TV.

Well it wasn't porn. At all. It was a video of the children and me last summer. Well, there was not a lot of 'the children' and a little too much of 'me' on that video.

I remember Mr. Braun filming us that hot, sunny day as Jan, Max and I were playing around the pool. I was wearing a pink bikini and it was weird realizing Mr. Braun was jerking off to me coming out of the pool, my hair dripping wet, my nipples hard, my pussy very well outlined by my wet swimsuit, my skin glistening...

"I'm sorry Alexandra. I never meant to make you uncomfortable... you can leave in the morning and we will not call you to babysit anymore," he said, sitting on the bed, genuinely embarrassed.

I wasn't that freaked out! I mean, I was so hot for him, have been since the first time I set foot in his home three years ago!

"I AM cute, aren't I?" I giggled, straddling him slowly.

I cupped his face and looked into his eyes, grinding my pussy on his erection. God! That man was hard! 

"I want you," I whispered, nibbling on his earlobe. I was frankly humping him.

"Take off your nightie," he half begged, half ordered.

I slid the hem of my white night gown up my thighs, then slowly lifted it to my hips, uncovering my bald pussy and taut stomach. I shivered as I slowly brought the thin fabric over my ribs, revealing a hint of the lower part of my breasts.

I moaned and rubbed my clit on his big prick, it was now poking out of his robe. I slowly exposed my round, firm tits and my rock hard nipples before completely taking off my nightgown.

Mr. Braun immediately massaged my breasts with his strong hands. He kissed and nibbled his way from my neck to my nipples. God I was horny!

He took my right nipple in his mouth and bit it. I yelped from the surprise but arched my back for more. He chuckled and bit my left nipple too, before taking it into his mouth and suckling on it.

His hands seemed to be all over my slender body yet I needed him to touch the only spot he was avoiding.

He wrapped his arms around me and laid me on my back, his lips and tongue still finding my nipples somehow. He spread my thighs with his knee and gently slid a finger along my slit.

"You really do want me Alexandra..." he remarked, his finger slowly rubbing up and down my wet pussy.

The way he insists on using my full name drives me insane with lust! It is so pompous yet so intimate as no one else uses my full name.

He positioned himself between my legs and slid his thick robe off his shoulders. I licked my lips, admiring his powerful chest. He had very light brown little hairs all over his chest, giving his skin an erotic glow.

He pressed on my inner thighs, spreading my legs wide. "Has he ever made you cum with his mouth?" he asked next to my pussy.

I could feel his warm breath all over my pussy and I tilted my hips up a bit, yelping, answering as best as I could, "Yes, but I have to tell him what to do and it gets old quickly..."

He brushed his cheeks and chin on pussy lips, his rough stubble scraping against the smoothness of my neatly waxed pussy.

Then a quick lash of his tongue on my clit sent electric-like currents all over my body, especially my extremities; fingers, toes, nipples.

His tongue and lips were doing wonderful things to my young pussy and his hands were wrapped around my hips, holding my thighs widely spread. I grabbed the headboard with one hand and his light brown hair with the other.

Yes! So much better than Nicolas! I didn't have to say a thing. Mr. Braun knew exactly what to do. My grip on his hair tightened and I started to writhe under his tongue.

He was going to make me cum, hard! I heard myself swearing like a whore and moaning like a slut. I think I even called him 'Franz' but I didn't care; what he was doing to me felt too good to do anything else but enjoy.

I was sweating and out of breath when he leaned over me, almost squishing me with his weight. He kissed me and I loved tasting myself on his lips and tongue. That, and the way he kept gliding his cock on my slippery pussy drove me wild.

I wanted him inside me. I grabbed his ass and pulled his hips towards mine, wrapping his waist with my legs.

"Tell me what you want, Alexandra," he whispered, his rock hard cock teasing the hell out of me.

"I want your dick in my pussy, Franz," I whimpered inaudibly, pulling on his ass.

He fondled my breasts and pinched my nipples. "What?" he teased.

"Fuck me Franz! Stick that big fucking dick in my cunt! Now!" I said right before I bit his shoulder.

He smiled, kneeled between my thighs and reached for the night table. I slowly fingered my clit as he rolled a condom down his swollen prick. I took a good look at his long, sleek body and at his big fat cock.

He lifted my hips and put the head of his cock at the entrance of my needy pussy. I was yelping, waiting for him to slide it all the way in. Mr. Braun gently pushed forward, his thick cock stretching my inexperienced pussy, looking into my eyes.

I held on to his hips with the insides of my knees, his big hands supporting my lower back as I bit my lips and winced.

"Am I hurting you?" he asked once his cock was fully in, his voice steady and comforting.

How did he know? "A little... but please don't stop Herr Braun," I moaned, pulling on his ass with my feet.

He slowly fucked me, gently sliding his cock in and out as I caressed his beautiful, long, firm thighs.

I dug my fingernails in his flesh and whimpered, "Harder." He smiled and obliged with a low moan, his cock going a tad deeper with each thrust.

I was moaning, mewing almost. I grabbed the headboard over my head and arched my back as Mr. Braun fucked me.

He leaned over me, grabbed my wrists and forcefully held them down on each side of my head. So that's what it feels like! I've seen this in movies and stuff but never understood the point. Now I do; I felt completely his, completely at his whim, completely offered... and so very well taken.

He was breathing hard next to my neck, whispering (well, growling might be more accurate) things in German I couldn't understand.

He kneeled back again, holding my hips tightly and thrusting deeply. He gave me his thumb to suck. I sucked it hungrily, as images of him standing still, sternly staring at me while I was performing fellatio kneeling in front of my boyfriend popped in my head. And the embarrassment I felt somehow excited me.

I grabbed his waist and held on to him. My fingers slid on the delicate sweat on the small of Mr. Braun's back. I started to moan louder as all those stimuli were excited me a lot.

He started to play with my clit with his wet thumb; he quickly drove me to a powerful orgasm. I looked into his eyes as he made me cum, his thumb on my clit, his dick pounding my pussy.

"Fuck yeah! Stick that big fucking dick deep in my tight cunt! Please never stop fucking me Franz!" I cussed, lost in bliss.

I felt all my nerves overload and I shook as Mr. Braun fucked me with greater fervor, his blue eyes peering deep into mine. I came so hard!

Completely soaked with sweat and out of breath, I heard his voice, still steady, "I will not stop fucking you, Alexandra. You're mine to fuck anytime I want however I want. Mine." God! His words almost made me cum right there again!

Then he went silent, clenched his teeth and held my hips really tight. He let out sharp and noisy little sighs. His eyes rolled back into his head and he let out a very low moan as he came, slamming his cock in my pussy so deep it slightly hurt.

He leaned forward and kissed me, panting. His chest was sweaty, his lower back too, and so was his ass. I kissed him back with still a faint tingling in my pussy.

Am I EVER going to be satisfied? Shit!

I was speechless when he removed the filled condom and tied a knot in it. Speechless and smiling.

He giggled and asked what I was smiling about. 

"Just that I was right thinking you'd fuck me better than Nicolas. I've never had such a strong orgasm before," I said, rolling on my stomach and resting my chin on my hand.

He lay on his back and the look of satisfaction on his face was heartwarming. I chuckled and kissed his cheek before finding my nightgown and getting out of bed.

I walked – well, stumbled would be more accurate... God! I still can feel my legs shake a bit! – to the door and Mr. Braun playfully reminded me that Anna would be gone for another 5 days.
