 Their lives really did seem to start that night. Sometime during the long darkness, they stumbled to his huge bed, never far from each other, their bodies in constant contact. Kari lost track of how many times they made love, how many times Duncan helped her come, her voice nearly hoarse from pleasure. It was as if he were making up for lost time, or maybe just reassuring himself that she was real. They came together repeatedly, each time wonderful, each time better.

Their new lives! Every day they became more entwined, more involved in each other. Kari spent time at the office, helping Jeannie, learning about the business and exactly what made Duncan so engrossed. She accompanied him on the boat in the early morning hours, meeting the crews, gaining their friendship by handling icky worms and raw sea creatures. He invited her to sit in on the board meeting and she happily accepted. She stayed politely quiet, until one proposed policy just irked her. Then she stood, knowledgeably discussing the opposite point of view, cleverly presenting her case and actually swaying the vote. Duncan looked at her with new respect. He knew she was clever and aware, but she was also able to hold her own in a room full of stuffy older men who tended to still think of females as "the little woman." Duncan also took her to cultural events, road companies of some Broadway shows, a few museums, even the opera. Kari enjoyed the new world she was experiencing. She particularly liked the opera, where they had box seats and spent the majority of the evening lying together on the plush carpet, kissing and touching. 

In turn, Kari showed Duncan things he had been missing in his single-minded pursuit of life. They went to movies, basketball games, a rodeo. She helped him select some 'normal' clothes, jeans and sweatshirts, even a T-shirt or two. They relished being together and sharing their particular favorites. Now, in the evenings, Duncan walked across the compound to a lit house, finding dinner on the stove, a fire blazing, beer cold in the fridge. His life opened and warmed and for that, he loved Kari. She enjoyed being appreciated, feeling special and important. The guys she had dated were so obsessed with not getting involved, she had never felt commitment before. Now she did. She thought of Duncan so often. When she saw something beautiful or unusual, she wanted to share it with him. Whether her editor praised her or gave her the 'angry face', Kari wanted to tell Duncan. When Duncan was honored by a prestigious ecology group, Kari was at his side on the dais, proudly holding his hand.

They fit well together. Their tastes evolved, both enjoying the same foods and drinks. They experimented with foreign foods, learning about all the variations they had missed. Duncan, surprisingly, became a pizza expert. He could also order take-out Chinese food without a menu. Through it all, they were happily in like. Which was quickly turning to love.

Sex was fantastic. They seemed to checking off places of interest where they could couple. The bobbing boat at sunrise. The white leather chair in his office. The soft lounge on the deck. One day, Kari came to his office, waving at Jeannie as she walked in. She moved behind the desk, next to Duncan, looking out at the water. Most of the building consisted of huge picture windows and Duncan's office was no different. Behind him, the view was of the bay and the boats as they went about their business. Today, it was gloomy and wet outside. Duncan was beside her, looking up at her, smiling as he always did when he saw her. She leaned against the desk, her back to the door. 

Kari was dressed enticingly. She wore a blue denim mini skirt, her shapely legs bare. The sweater was peach cashmere, beautifully soft. It hugged her body, emphasizing her full breasts and flat tummy. As she stood there, looking out onto the water, she began talking quietly, so only Duncan could hear her words. "I have been thinking of you today, my darling. Often. Nicely. Then, I began thinking of less nice things, actually, quite naughty things. Then, I was thinking JUST naughty things, and they all involved you and me doing them. Then I thought, well, I felt that I should share these thoughts with you."

She sighed deeply, her lovely breasts lifting delightfully. Then she continued, "I was in such a hurry to share my thoughts, I just threw on whatever was around and came over. But......well, in my rush, I forgot a few things." As she said that, she hopped onto the desk, letting her legs fall open. The skirt had ridden up her thighs, barely covering her now. Duncan, from his vantage point, could see her brown curlies peeking at him. "Sweetheart," she continued, "I'm afraid I forgot to wear my pretty panties for you!" 

Even as she spoke, her singular scent drifted to him, filling his body with need. As he watched, her nipples hardened, the sweater molding to them. She blushed prettily, saying "Oh, yes, I think I forgot my bra too...."

Reaching down, she took Duncan's hand in her own. She lifted it to her mouth, kissing it and sucking one finger, slowly, just for a moment. Then, she lowered that hand to her thigh, offering herself to him.

Duncan was startled. In his world, there was a place for everything. The office was for business. He had begun to relax his rules a little, willing to make love before hours or after everyone had gone home. But today was a business day and there were people all around, in and out. Even while thinking this, his hand moved of its own accord on her silky thigh. She felt so good, so warm. As he moved his hand up her thigh, her legs fell open further. She still didn't look at him, instead seemed absorbed by the activity on the bay. His hand slid higher and he felt her soft curlies brushing on his skin. She sighed quietly, softly. Encouraged, he moved his fingers up, lightly brushing through the curls, his fingertips grazing the flesh there. 

Someone stopped in the doorway, asking about lunch plans. Duncan was still trying to gather his thoughts, totally at a loss, when Kari turned her head, looking over her shoulder, making arrangements to meet later with the staff. Duncan was amazed that she could make lunch plans, or anything, when her mind was totally centered on his hand and her needs. 

His fingers combed the bush, seeking her slit, wanting to feel her excitement. She shifted slightly, allowing him more access. Suddenly, his middle finger slid into her wetness. As much as they made love and touched each other, he was always amazed at her silky pinkness. He slid his finger up and down the opening, enjoying the velvety warmth of her. She still had not looked directly at him, as if what he did was of no interest to her. She continued speaking, telling him of her need and desires, but could have been discussing the boats or the weather. 

Because he knew her well, he could sense her excitement, in the way she was breathing and the way her words became disjointed. Looking into her eyes, he could see the way they were becoming unfocused, unaware of anything she saw before her. He continued the slow movement of his finger, coating it with her sweet nectar, enjoying her pleasure. He stopped for a second, pulling his finger from her and inhaling it, drinking the juices.

She nearly cried aloud, a spoiled baby, and he quickly replaced his hand, finding his place, resuming his slow stroking. Deliberately, he search for her clit. It was so tiny, yet so powerful, and he loved her immediate responses to his touch. Today was no different. When he neared it, she moved her hips forward, assisting him. He touched her and she groaned from deep in her chest. His finger circled her clit, teasing her, making her mewl and whisper frantic pleas.

Duncan was afraid someone could hear the wetness of her, his finger navigating her flesh, her moaning demands. She stopped talking now, her entire being reduced to the tiny button and its aching need. Her breathing was ragged, her eyes closed. He knew her, knew what was happening. Her legs slammed together, trapping his hand against her mound, his finger continuing its work. He knew her, knew she was on the verge. The moans increased and it was only seconds to her explosion. He stood, his hand still between her thighs, and covered her mouth with his. He forced his tongue into her mouth, fucking her with it, ravaging her, while the orgasm tore through her. He swallowed her screams, kissing her until he felt her begin to relax. Her legs went limp and he was able to remove his soaked hand, her scent filling the room. He returned to his desk chair. She smiled down at him, noting the huge bulge in his pants. Leaning to kiss him, she straightened her skirt, reminding him of the lunch date they had made. Then, she slowly walked from the room, her hips swaying seductively.

Duncan loved it all. He loved the unpredictability of her, the sweetness, the warmth, the goodness. She was everything he had despaired of ever finding. Daily, he thanked the gods who controlled these things for sending her to him. Life was very good.


One day, the phone rang constantly. Jeannie fielded most calls, but knew that a call from Kari was top priority. Duncan was so busy, meeting with men from various industries, working on a development deal. Jeannie announced Kari's call. He took the phone rather distractedly, telling her hello while working on a computer printout. Then she caught his total attention. She was breathing hard, almost gasping. At first, he thought something was wrong, then he realized she was excited. He gave her his entire attention.

"I was lying here, naked, thinking of you. I wanted you so much, and I ached so much. I knew I needed some help. So, I found my blue toy in the drawer and changed the batteries. Listen, it works really well now!" The phone moved closer to the buzzing he had heard in the background, and Duncan felt his cock throb to life. Then she was back, breathless, whispering. "I have the toy on my clit, Dunc, against my clit, and it feels so good, so very good. Not as good as your tongue, but I can't have your tongue right now, can I? So, the blue boy is keeping me company, making me tingle, helping...." He felt his cock throbbing now, could actually see spots of precome on his neatly pressed trousers.

Her words grew further apart, slightly confused, whispered. He could hear the toy and could see her beautiful pussy, all wet and aroused. He totally forgot the men in his office, so involved was he in her pleasure. She was uttering his name now, saying dirty words, describing her hot pussy, her aching cunt, her neediness. He knew she was getting ready to come, could imagine her dripping pussy, her toy wet and shiny, vibrating rapidly on her sensitive button. Then, she stopped breathing. That was a preface to an explosion and Duncan held the phone closer to his ear, to prevent others from hearing her climax. She belonged to him, and her joys and pleasures were his also.

Suddenly, she screamed his name. It was followed with cries of varying depths, finally shuddering to a gasp. He pictured her now, depleted, the toy forgotten on her thighs. He loved her like this, exhausted and satisfied. He wished he could be with her now, instead of here, with these men. 

He expected her to say good-bye and hang up, instead she whispered his name again. "Duncan, come to me, please. Come to the conference room now! I need you. Now!"

At first,her request confused him, then he immediately sprung into action. He asked the men to excuse him, he needed privacy. He waited until they had gone, then called Jeannie on the intercom and gave her an errand at the plant. When she closed the door behind her, he stood and headed down the hall to the conference room. Walking wasn't easy. He was incredibly engorged and it was nearly painful in its fullness. Pressing the code into the door, he opened it. Lying before him, on the conference table, was his sweet Kari. His naked Kari. His extremely aroused Kari. Her legs were spread and the curlies shiny with desire. The blue boy was beside her, quiet now. 

"I need you, love. I need you now. I couldn't wait for tonight. Fuck me now, please?" she whispered. She had even set up the camera and the video screen, so her image was magnified and multiplied on the various screens. He could see his naked Kari from many angles, many dimensions. His cock bobbed angrily, restrained and needing release. He unzipped and dropped his pants, needing to be inside her, needing to fuck his sweet baby. He reached for her ankles, pulling her closer, until her ass was right on the edge of the table. He held her thighs in his hands, moving between her legs until his cock found her opening. She stared at him with glazed eyes, whispering to him, telling him to fuck her, take her. "Slam into me, baby, let me feel you. Fuck me, now! God, I really need you."

Duncan was ready. He had already listened to Kari tease him, coming so loudly and happily. His cock wasn't willing to wait. He fucked her, slamming into her very wet cunt, feeling the slick pinkness surrounding him with each stroke. She tightened her muscles, clenching him inside, enjoying the feel of him in her depths. Looking up, he could see them on the TV screen, see his shiny cock, plunging in and out. Kari squealed with delight, her pussy contracting with spasms. Duncan couldn't wait longer and released his come, filling her with the outpouring. Her legs wrapped around him, holding him to her. She reached out and he took her hands, pulling her up against his body. They kissed and clung.

"I love you," they said in unison.