 It was just another day for Tracy. The kids had left for school, and all the day held for her now was housework and perhaps a trip to the store. Some days she wondered why she bothered getting out of bed. Ever since her divorce eight months earlier, her husband preferring a younger, blonder woman from his office to his own family, she had been doing the best she could to take one day at a time. 

With a sigh, she opened the washing machine and filled it with dirty laundry. It never failed to amaze her just how much laundry three children could create. Leaving the machine to fill, she retreated to the kitchen and made herself her second cup of coffee for the day while she browsed over the ever-increasing pile of bills on the bench. Lost in thought, she was quickly brought back to reality when there was a loud banging noise coming from the laundry. She almost spilled her coffee, setting it down and running to see what could have cause such a racket. 

At the door of the laundry she came to an abrupt halt, staring unbelievingly at what lay before her. For some reason, the machine had not stopped filling when it should have and overflowed onto the floor, flooding the room and shorting out the machine. For Tracy, this was just the latest thing to go wrong in a string of steadily mounting problems. Looking at the flooded floor, the pile of thoroughly saturated laundry, and her now broken washing machine, Tracy was on the verge of tears. Taking a deep breath, she headed back into the kitchen and picked up the phone. 

Calling a local handyman, she was disappointed when his phone was picked up by his answering machine. Leaving a message, she headed back to the laundry. She could hardly expect anyone to look at her machine in all that mess. On her hands and knees, she mopped up the water, squeezing it into a bucket, and mopping up more. No sooner had she finished when there was a knock at the front door.

"Mrs. Parks, I'm Trevor Griffin from Fix-it-quick, you left a message that you needed your washing machine looked at?" Trevor was a nice looking guy, not model material, but handsome in his own way. At twenty-eight, he was the most eligible bachelor in his sports club, but had never found a woman who could hold his interest for long. He had never been one to be interested in the flippant young women who seemed to be a part of his social scene. He was well built, tall and dark. His face was set in what seemed to be a permanent smile, and his eyes sparked as he spoke. Shaking her head, Tracy tried to get her mind back to the reason he was here, the washer. She was a little disturbed by the fact that he stirred her interest, no man had done that since her husband left, and it wasn't something she was comfortable with at all. 

"It was nice of you to come so fast Trevor. I'm not sure what happened to it, but I need it fixed as quickly as possible." She led the way through the house and out to the laundry, pointing to the machine and letting go of another heavy sigh. Setting down his tools, he unplugged the machine from the wall, he pulled it into the center of the room, then turned it around to make the back more accessible. Tracy leaned against the doorframe and watched, more for something different to do than having any real interest in the repairs. Trevor looked up at her and gave her a friendly smile before picking up a screwdriver and setting to work removing the back of the machine. He chatted about all kinds of things, making small talk seem interesting, and Tracy began to feel a lot more comfortable with him being there. 

Noticing the time, Tracy offered him a cup of coffee and some cake, both of which he accepted quite happily. Sitting on the floor of the laundry, eating her home made chocolate cake like it was the best thing he had ever tasted, he looked like a big kid and she could not help but smile at him.

"You have a lovely smile Mrs. Parks, you should smile more often." The way he said it was more a matter of fact than a compliment, but it made Tracy blush none the less. "Please, just call me Tracy. I have not been Mrs. Parks for quite some time." She felt a little odd saying that. After ten years of marriage it was hard to get used to the fact she was no longer anyone's wife. 

Trevor raised an eyebrow, his interest in her growing steadily as he learned more about her. "Well Tracy, you really should smile more. I'm serious. You could brighten up a whole house with that smile." He was a little surprised at how much she blushed at his compliments, and it encouraged him all the more. The women he was used to seeing more or less demanded compliments, and certainly never blushed, often making him feel like he was the weaker of the two sexes, and making it impossible for him to be romantic. Seeing Tracy blush like that was the most romantic thing he had seen in a long time, and it became increasingly obvious that this woman, was a lady. 

Tracy bit her bottom lip shyly. Compliments from strange men were not something she was good at receiving, quickly making an excuse that she had something to do in the kitchen and ducking away. She could almost see Trevor smirking as she made her escape, covering her mouth with her hand to suppress a giggle. She felt like a schoolgirl, silly and shy, but it felt nice to have a man's attention again. Having given him the last of the chocolate cake, she set about making another, hoping he would still be there to have another piece when it was done. As she put the cake in the oven and set the timer, she heard him call out for her to come and see something. 

Kneeling down beside him, she peered into the back of the machine and looked to where he was pointing. The problem was simple enough, and easy to fix, but he wanted her to see how it was done incase it happened again, and she could fix it herself without the expense of a repairman. She appreciated that he would go to so much trouble for her, not many would, and as she turned her head to thank him for his kindness, their eyes locked, their faces no more than a breath apart. His lips touched hers for just a moment before she pulled back and stuttered something about the cake in the oven needing checking and bolting from the room. 

Trevor followed her out to the kitchen, thinking to apologize if he upset her in some way, but seeing her leaning against the kitchen sick, looking out of the window, her shapely ass pushed out just a little, it gave him ideas other than saying he was sorry. Stepping quietly up behind her, he pressed himself against her ass, his hands circling her waist and his lips finding the side of her neck, kissing it softly. 

Tracy protested, trying to pull free of his strong, yet tender hold. "Trevor, please don't. I need my washer fixed, nothing more."

He pulled her harder against him, letting her feel his ever-stiffening cock through his pants, resting it harder against her ass. His mouth found her ear and he sucked softly on her lobe. "You want me." 

She could feel his hardness pushed into the crease between the cheeks of her ass, his hot breath on her neck, his whispered words, and the heat in her body began to rise. As much as her passion surfaced, so did her fears and she found it impossible to surrender to him, or to herself. "No."

Trevor could hear her words telling him no, but could feel her body responding to his touch, and it was telling him yes. Moving his hands up to her breasts, he squeezed them gently, rubbing his thumbs over her hardening nipples through her blouse. "Liar. You want me."

Tracy's body was on fire. It had been so long since she had felt the pleasures or attentions of a man, and vibrating toys only fulfilled a part of her natural needs. His mouth found her throat; his tongue bathing it in his hot touch, "No." but this time her word was more like a soft moan than an objection.

He turned her body to face his, his hand cupping the side of her face, lifting her chin and bending to cover her mouth with his own. Parting her lips with his tongue, he began to explore her mouth, her tongue meeting his in an oral love dance that left her panting and hot. Again he whispered onto her lips. "You want me."

This time she could not deny it. She wanted him. She wanted him like she had never wanted a man before. It made her feel cheep and wanton, lusting for a man she had only just met, a man close to 10 years her junior, but she didn't care, she wanted him. Wrapping her arms around his neck, digging her fingers into the tight muscles of his back, she breathed heavily. "Yes. Yes I want you."

That was all he needed to hear. Slipping his hands under her ass, he lifter her against him, wrapping her legs around his waist, and carrying her down the hall and through the open door of her bedroom. Laying her back on the bed, her legs still wrapped around him, he lay on top of her panting form, kissing her hard, driving his tongue deeper and harder into her willing mouth. Her fingers dug deep into his hair, pulling his head harder against her, hungering for more than she could get. Devouriong kisses turned rapidly to nips and nibbles, his mouth finding her neck and her throat. She moaned loudly, encouraging him onward. 

The buttons on the front of her housedress gave way easily, her magnificant breasts bursting forth to meet his moistened lips. He lingered there, suckling and licking until her nipples were ready to burst and lustful moans told him it was time to taste a little more of her wondrous feminine offerings. His hands replaced his lips on her breasts, and his mouth was quick to meet it's next destination, the intensity of his hunger for her making it increasingly difficult to take things slow. He wanted to take her, to rip her clothing away and bury his cock deep within her lush feminine center, but she was worth more than that. She was not a woman to be treated so carelessly. She was a lady, and he would take pride in giving her as much pleasure as he could. 

Her panties, moist and clinging, were now the only obstacle between him and the sweet desert he hungered for. He took the edge of them in his teeth and pulled them slowly down her slender legs, taking in a deep breath of her aromatic sex as his nose passed over it. She smelt divine, intoxicating, alluring, and he could not wait a second longer to taste her. Running the tip of his tongue up the inside of her thigh, he felt her shudder, delighting in the way her body responded to his touch. Never had a woman's reaction to his touch caused him to become so aroused. He ached to be inside her, yet burned to see just where this journey could take them, loving every moan that escaped her lips and wanting to hear more. 

As his tongue reached the fur-covered junction of her legs, he moved his hand down to part her tender folds and allow him easy access to her hardening clit. She gasped as his tongue found its mark, digging her fingers into his thick dark hair once more and pulling his mouth harder against her throbbing sex. His finger slid easily into her hot wet depths, his tongue following it, taking a long drink of her sweet creamy filling. Her hips lifted, and gyrated, her moans turning to quick pants and he as surprised at how quickly she had become ready to climax. 

Sliding a second finger into her, and a third, he took her clit between his lips and began to suck hard, pushing into her with his fingers, driving her harder and harder until at last she cried out in ecstasy. Her fingers dug deep into the bedclothes, her body shuddering as her virginal walls contracted around his fingers and covered them in delicious creamy love juices. 

As she lay there, gasping for breath and letting the wave of pleasure wash over her, he began to lick once more, moving his fingers inside her again in a steady rhythm with his tongue. His return to her now overly sensation clit sent a shock through her she had not expected. Grabbing his hair, she looked down at him, her eyes begging him to stop. "Please, no more."

He smiled at her wickedly, pushing his fingers deeper into her pulsing hole, running his tongue hard across her clit. "Yes, more." Sucking her clit hard, she cried out, desperately wanting him to stop, but at the same time, hoping he never would. Never had she climaxed more than once in a single session of love making, that thought slipping quickly from her mind as her body was overwhelmed with another surge of orgasmic release. This time, as she reached her peak, he didn't give her time to catch her breath, climbing up her body and driving his hard cock deep into her love canal. She screamed as he filled her completely. Screaming in the intensity of her pleasure, digging her fingers into the flesh of his back, gouging deep red marks into his skin, spurring him on. 

Harder and harder he drove into her, taking her orgasm to heights she had thought to be only fiction in books. Her body and mind lost all control, her emotions breaking loose as she sobbed and laughed at the same time, her body shuddering uncontrollably. With a groan and one last tremendous thrust, Trevor filled her cavern with his seed, pumping and draining every drop into her milky depths. At last he was spent, laying down beside her and pulling her into his embrace as she sobbed. 

With her head on his chest, his strong arms enfolding her, his mouth covering her forehead in soft kisses, Tracy had never felt so complete. Her soft sobs were unstoppable, but the were sobs of pleasure and release, of pure contentment. It was not long before the sweetest of dream came to claim her, and she slept. 

Tracy was awakened by the sounds of her children coming home from school, and she was a little surprised to find her bedroom door closed. Trevor was gone, and the washing machine was not only fixed and running, but filled with laundry. He had cleaned up any mess left by the washing machine, and had even taken the cake out of the oven and set it on the bench to cool. The feeling she had could only be described as bitter sweet, and with a sigh, she headed for the shower.

Later that evening, as Tracy was setting the table for dinner, there was a knock on the door. Upon opening it she was stunned to see Trevor standing there, shaved and nicely dressed, the most beautiful bunch of flowers she had ever seen in his hands. 

"You came back." It was all she could think to say.

"I had to." His smile was soft, and his eyes sparked as he looked down at her.

"But why?" She was plainly confused, her heart and mind not daring to even touch upon what she hoped his answer would be.

"Because when I left here today I left something with you that is very important to me, so I had no choice but to come back."

Tracy thought for a moment. He had left nothing behind that she had seen. Tilting her head to the side a little, she asked, "What did you forget?"

His hand reached out and tenderly caressed her cheek, brushing her hair back behind her ear so he could see her face a little better. "My heart." With those two words, he bent and kissed her gently, his lips lingering on hers for what seemed an eternity. 


Biting her bottom lip shyly, Tracy was a little unsure of what to say next. Accepting the flowers he extended to her, she brought them to her nose and smelled their sweet fragrance. "Would you like to join us for dinner?"

"I would love to." Taking his hand, she led him down the hall to the dining room and sat him down to have dinner with her family. It was a dinner that was to last them the rest of their lives.