 The first chapter may seem like it doesn't belong, but it may tie in for later stories. I have not quite decided that yet. 

The erotica comes late in the story.

All mistakes and errors are mine and mine alone, sorry you will have to deal with that. It is what it is amateur writing for my enjoyment and maybe yours. Hope you enjoy. 

*

Valentines Day was just around the corner. Freddie Grinch was attempting to get is hearts in a row now. He ordered three bouquets of roses, well actually five, to be sent to the respective recipients. The fifth one come about unexpectedly.

He was sitting at his desk when one of the company associates popped in his office door. Fred was doing some heavy studying on some documents, when a voice spoke to him.

"Mr. Grinch, do you have a minute." The woman asked. 

Fred looked up at the woman who worked in expenditures department. The attractive light browned haired woman was rather fetching today. She seemed to be in good spirits with a nice smile.

"I do Ms. Anderson, I need a break, my eyes are going crossed." Fred spoke to her in his baritone voice. Then he chuckled at to her.

"What can I do for you?" Fred asked pleasantly.

"I need just a tiny favor and I will be out of your hair." she said. "I know you keep cologne in your desk and was wondering if I could use a bit of it. Drakar if I remember."

Fred sat up straight then, not realizing Mrs. Anderson knew that much about him. Fred still had difficulty referring to her as Ms. at times.

"Uh, Uh, I suppose so," Fred stammered just a bit. 

Then Fred had a thought spring into his head.

"This isn't some office prank is it, Ms. Anderson? I really don't want anything coming back to me."

She assured him it wasn't, she needed a quick spray to put in a card for a friend. She even held the card out to show him a nice Valentines card. Fred saw the lovely card as she took out a blank heavy piece of paper. Fred took out his cologne and turned taking the paper and gave it a short quick mist. He noticed the paper was not blank.

Some one called out a greeting to Ms. Anderson and she turned to reply. Fred smiled and quickly placed an indented Mr. X in the lower corner. Then he returned the paper to Ms. Anderson. Fred hoped his stab in the dark was appropriate.

"Thank you so much Mr. Grinch, you may have just made someone quite happy" She said. 

Fred smiled broadly and told her he hoped he did. After she left and he quickly got an address and ordered that fifth bouquet. 

Fred finished his work day, checked over is planner making sure everything was done and headed home.

Chapter 2

Fred felt this was going to be another good day. The Super Bowl game party went well. There were not any fights, just a bunch of screaming, yelling, groaning, a lot of laughter and adult fun times. Fred hoped that this day went well also. 

Betty kicked it off with a special breakfast, her new employment training was showing. Everything was done in the heart motif, pancakes, eggs, sausage, strawberries and toast. The three of them ate and chuckled at Betty's ingenuity, Candice managed to even get Betty to blush.

Cindy called Betty later on in the morning. She was telling how she received some unexpected flowers. Betty listened a minute then told Cindy talk to the sender. Betty handed Fred her phone. 

"Fred, I want to thank you for the roses, that was so sweet." Cindy cooed into the phone.

"You are very welcome, hun, it was gesture of forgiveness also." Fred told her. 

Cindy told him all is forgiven, but she and Betty kind of had that coming. Then she asked if Betty was upset because Fred sent her the flowers.

"No Cindy, Betty knew all about it and what was in the card attached also. So put your mind to rest." Fred chuckled lightly. 

Fred winked at Betty and Betty called out everything was good, just don't try to steal her man. Fred gave Betty her phone back and the two ladies chatted and giggled for awhile longer. 

Fred told his two ladies they should take an overnight bag just in case they didn't make it back to the house that night. He of course got the third degree questions and he kept it vague, it was a surprise for them. They knew then, they would not be back that night.

Chapter 3

They loaded up in the vehicle and headed for the big city. Their first stop was the hotel to get their room and freshen up. Betty and Candice definitely liked the room. Fred saw Candice's wheels begin turning when seeing the very large tub. 

Then Fred wanted to know if they would like to visit an art museum or a really nice aquarium he knows. The aquarium won hands down. So off they went to see the fish. They took cabs for the rest of the night so all three could enjoy the sights.

They arrived back at the hotel and changed for dinner and then back out into the city. The trio were headed for La Pierre Restaurant that came highly recommended Fred had heard. They arrived and were seated, Candice wanted to try escargot. Candice was not extremely impressed with that dish. They moved on to their main course as Fred and Betty chuckled. 

With their dinner over Fred took them to a dance club he heard was very good and chic. It was a good idea Fred called in a reservation. Fred found the music too loud but the ladies were having a good time. Candice found some dance partners and so did Betty when Fred needed a dance break.

Fred would watch from the side during his rest breaks, he saw two men squeezing in on Candice. They were getting a little to touchy and then they were trying to guide her off the dance floor. 

Fred stepped in and one of the men tried to brush Fred off not really looking at him. Candice looked up and yelled over the music.

"HI! Big daddy were did you go?" 

The two men looked up lost their smiles and moved on, quickly. Fred went to dancing with Candice then. He could see Betty dancing with a young man to his left. He watched as he tried groping her and she would fend him off. 

Betty now had a few drinks and was enjoying the night out dancing and so was Fred and Candice. One dance was a slower lovers dance and Fred was going to dance with Betty, but she had a partner. Fred just kept dancing with Candice.

Fred observed that this partner had moved behind Betty and wrapped his arms around her. Betty was giggling at something he said when he nuzzled her neck. Fred watched intently now as he saw Betty laid her head back against his shoulder with her eyes closed. Betty seemed to push back towards him slightly and her partner seemed to be missing a hand now. 

Fred felt a flush of anxiety? Maybe jealousy? Fred calmed himself and continued to watch. Then they turned slightly and Fred could see that hand seemed busy inside of Betty's wrap dress. Betty appeared to be pushing forward now. Then her mouth opened slightly as that tune ended and she appeared to look a bit dazed. 

Fred took Candice and moved rather quickly to Betty as her partner turned her to start the next dance. Fred tapped Betty on the shoulder and as she turned he saw her slowly look up still with dazed eyes

"Hey, mom how you holding up?" Candice asked giggling.

"Hey, sweetie we missed our slow dance together." Fred spoke loudly. 

He leaned down and kissed her fore head.

He glanced behind her and that dance partner was nowhere to be found.

"Oh, Fred I'm sorry, I was looking around for you." Betty told him.

Betty said she need to freshen up and grabbed Candice and headed for the ladies room. Fred followed them standing near the hallway leading to the rest rooms. 

When they reappeared Fred asked if they wanted to a find a table and rest or leave. The girls wanted to stay awhile longer, so, Fred did manage to locate a table for a rest break. 

They sat out the next few dances and enjoyed a cold drink. While resting there Fred put his hand on Betty's bare leg and stroked it. Then he slid it up under her dress almost to her panties causing her jolt. She looked at him and giggled.

"Freddie!" She said.

She didn't stop him or even try to push him away. She smiled and leaned on his shoulder. 

"Looks like you were having a good time out on the dance floor sweetie." Fred told Betty.

Betty blushed, she paused a moment then said she was. She hoped Fred was too. Fred told her he was having a good time. Fred chuckled saying just watching you two was fun. Betty blushed again.

Betty wanted to dance some more and Fred looked at the time and said just a couple more then they go. Betty and Candice managed to get four more dances out of him. Fred and Betty even got their slow dance in also.

Once in the cab and headed back Fred got quiet has Betty and Candice chatted away. Fred was just drifting and looking at all the lights and people moving about.

"Fred, Fred, Fred!" Betty said.

That jolted Fred back to reality. Betty asked him if he was alright and He told her yes, his mind had just drifted off.

Chapter 4

They arrived back at the hotel and headed up to their room. Fred was feeling playful and played grab ass with Betty and Candice on the way up. The elevator stopped once catching Betty and Candice giggling and adjusting their dresses when the doors opened.

A young couple came on, the young man eyed Candice quickly and he smirked, his young lady blushed. Fred stood there with his arm around Betty and Candice grinning like a the Cheshire cat.

The couple stood to the side and the young man spoke.

"Having a good Valentine's evening?" he asked with a smirk. His young woman gave him a poke.

Before Betty or Fred could say anything Candice jumped in with a devilish remark.

"Mom and I are for sure. Big daddy, we don't know. But as soon as we get him in that big tub he will." Candice said and giggled then laughed.

"Candice!" Betty screeched out.

A shocked look went across the couple's face's and the young lady turned red in the face and gasped open mouthed. 

"I'm sorry, this is my moma's boyfriend." Candice said.

Candice was laughing hard now and soon the young man joined her.

Fred could tell all the couple heard was; mom, I, daddy, and in tub. The elevator stopped at Fred's floor and the doors opened. The young man composed himself enough to say through is laughter. 

"Ya'll three must be a riot to be around. Those big tubs are nice to play in, aren't they sweetie. Ya'll have a happy Valentine's day." He said.

She turned red again gasping and back handed her young man in the side. Fred called back saying 'you two love birds do the same' as the doors closed.

Fred got his ladies to the room and they found the tub ready for them as Fred had instructed. Chilled champagne was waiting with some chocolate covered strawberries too and the bed was turned back.

Fred popped the champagne and they toasted to the evening. They spoke about their evening and how much fun the ladies had at the dance club. Fred chuckled and said he noticed and he had fun also.

Candice was wanting to get in that tub it seemed rather quickly. She came over to Fred to give him a thank you kiss for the evening. Her kiss turned quickly to a 'Take me to the tub' kiss.

Fred obliged her, helping her get out of her dress, kissing and nibbling his way down as he knelt. He put lavish kisses on her as as he slid her panties down and off. Then he picked her up and took her to the tub, sliding her into the water. He kissed her forehead then pushed a button and the tub jets came on swirling the water gently. He turned to Betty.

Fred grinning went over to Betty setting her glass of champagne down, he kissed her deeply. Betty returned the kiss passionately, then Fred spun her around.

He began undoing her dress, nuzzling and nibbling her neck and shoulders. The dress fell open and Fred stroked her tummy and slid his hand into her panties, giving one quick rub. He felt her tense up.

He slid the dress off and to the floor and unclasped her bra. That slid off her arms and to the floor freeing her luscious ample breasts. He rolled her nipples in his fingers and received a soft moan.

Fred spun her to face him and looked down into her eyes. Those lustful deep pools of emerald green mesmerized him. He leaned down and kissed those soft lips.

He knelt down and slowly slid her delicate panties slowly down, almost inch by inch. He leaned in and kissed her tummy and tongued her navel, the panties came off and Fred brought them to his face. He could feel the dampness in them as he inhaled the heady aroma of arousal.

"Mm... Someone has been aroused for awhile, almost seems like they've cum once already." Fred said looking up at her grinning.

Betty tensed suddenly and blushed deeply. She smiled nervously and leaned down kissing Fred lovingly on the lips. She ended the kiss and took her champagne glass and drained it, along with the other two remaining glasses.

Fred chuckled and scooped her up in his arms taking her to the tub, kissing her lips along he way. He began easing her down when Betty wanted Candice to scoot forward putting her between Fred and herself. Fred slid her in the tub not questioning the move. 

Fred stood up and slowly removed his clothes almost putting on a little strip show. When it came to his boxer briefs covered in hearts he stood between the two, closer to Betty. He waited, Candice looked at her mother giggling and waiting. Betty didn't rush to move, Fred noticed her being timid.

"Well if you aren't going to, I am." Candice giggled out.

Candice knelt in the tub and reached up. She worked a bit getting the boxer briefs over and down off Fred's stiff erection. When it was free of restraints she slid her hand up and down it's shaft, then slowly slid her mouth over it.

Betty just sat in the water watching, gazing at her daughter and only quickly glancing up into Fred's eyes occasionally.

Fred couldn't take take much more and slid into the tub with these visions of beauty. Candice tried to squirm around behind her mother, but she didn't seem to want to move. Candice took one last look at her mother and turned to face Fred. Candice slid up on Fred's lap.

Fred could feel his cock find it's mark and sink inside Candice slowly, her sweet tightness surrounding it. He wrapped his arms round her as she gasped and moaned lightly. She rested there quivering slightly. Soon Candice was making small up and down thrusts. 

Fred pushed Candice backwards towards his raised knees and leaned forward taking a delicate tasty nipple in his mouth. He would suckle one then the other twirling his tongue around them. Soon Candice was building to another orgasm, Fred held her tightly still. 

Fred reached over and poured champagne in the glasses handing one to Betty first. He saw the sexual lust in her eyes, knowing her fingers may have been busy. The next he gave to Candice as he looked into her dazed eyes, her hand shaking. She was rocking slightly breathing heavy.

"To these beautiful lovelies to which I adore" Fred spoke.

He reached over and took a chocolate covered strawberry and fed it to Candice. Candice was quivering more. After she finished the berry and took a sip of champagne, Fred then thrust up hard once.

Candice dropped her glass in the water, gripping Fred's shoulders with her hands and her arms locked straight. Her red hair falling around her face, her green eyes had an animal look in them. She growled out a deep animal growl. Then a look of bliss went through her face and eyes, has her hips began moving rapidly.

Candice suddenly leaned backwards, Betty catching her head above the water. Candice was limp and staring has her hips and pelvis danced. Candice's loud moans and vocalizations piercing the room.

Fred grimaced as he felt his own orgasm hitting him. Betty was looking on giggling at her daughter. Watching Candice undulate under the water, even causing some to splash out. Betty eyes traveled back and forth watching Fred and Candice.

Candice rocked on for minutes as that cock found that one special place, that orgasm spot. Fred's hips moved up and down quickly. He stopped and quivered, moaning himself. His thick ropes of semen gushing out.

Candice finally came back to reality from her orgasmic high and lounged in the tub a few minutes. Candice expressed herself with some damns, fuck, and wows, followed by giggles. Then she told Fred and her mother she need to lay down for awhile and exited the tub on shaking legs.

Betty sat there looking at Fred undecided what to do as his head rested against the edge of the tub, enjoying his own glow. Fred finally sat up and opened his eyes to see Betty. He reached out and poured more champagne giving Betty hers as he smiled. She took the glass looking briefly in his eyes then in to the water. 

Fred sensed her uneasiness and took her glass from her, setting both on the side of the tub. He reached out and took her hand pulling her to him, spinning her, he cradled her in his big arms. He kissed her neck and stroked across her breasts and nipples, then handed her the drink. They just sat there cradled and sipping for a few minutes with Betty's head resting on his shoulder. Candice watched from the bed in awe then dosed off.

"Fred." Betty started and paused. " I want to...."

Like a flash of lightning, his hand covered her mouth and nose, almost cutting off her breathing. Betty grabbed at the hand in fright dropping her champagne glass in the water. She began to struggle back her legs flailed.

"Shhh.... Shhh... " Fred said tenderly.

Fred didn't want her evening spoiled or Candice's and his own.

He removed his hand turned her face and kissed her deeply and passionately. Betty returned the kiss back, her arm raised and clinging to the back of his head desperately, Fred leaned her sideways and his hands were stroking every where it seemed like all at once. Betty's fire was lit and consuming her body. 

Fred, using his legs and feet opened Betty's legs as he laid her back on his chest. Fred could feel his throbbing cock rub across her engorged outer labia. She moved to slide down to get more pressure on her clitoris. She felt his big hands lift her hips and that large cock slide between her ass cheeks, and touch her anus.

Betty's thought flashed, she should let him go there, he would be the first, he deserved it. She would endure it.

Fred repositioning his legs to the outside, rolled Betty to her stomach and laid her on himself. He pulled her up his body until he could place his mouth on hers.

Fred's hands stroked up and down Betty's back lovingly. Then they drifted to her butt cheeks and kneaded them softly. Fred felt his finger slip across her anus and her sphincter muscle clench, as she gasped. Then Betty kissed his neck and raised her ass, relaxing that her ass bud, almost inviting him.

Fred knew that was not the norm. That had happened just once, with a finger, and Betty was over aroused at that time. It was never attempted or hinted of since. Fred looked down into her face smiling and kissed her deep, with lust.

Fred turned her and stood Betty up facing away from him. He then planted kisses on her the cheeks of her ass. He watched her push her bottom towards him, bending over and parting her legs. She placed her hands on the tiles around the tub edge. 

Fred slid his large fingers through Betty's pussy rubbing circular motions around her clitoris. He watched her bend her knees slightly and and wiggle on his fingers, letting out a soft moan. He placed his thumb on her anus and pressed slightly. She tensed and her breathing quickened, she bent over lower. Fred grinned and kissed each ass cheek and rubbed his thumb and fingers on her.

Fred slid that thumb down and in to Betty's tunnel for a few strokes. He then buried his face to her ass and tongued her her anus. Then Fred stood up behind Betty and positioned himself for entry. 

He rubbed his cock through her moistness, then he slid his cock to her anus and rubbed. Fred could see Betty almost panting now as her legs stiffened, preparing. He eased pressure to her tightened ass bud and waited until he felt her relax slightly. Fred grinned a devilish grin. He pushed inward, skimming down slightly and sinking in to Betty's warm pussy. Her tunnel gripping suddenly as she gasped and moaned.
