 It was the first day of the new semester at a new school. I taught 12th grade science at the high school, it was a private school filled with wealthy families; some of them were quite prominent. I had just transferred from a public school across town, a world away from this new school. Seeing kids in uniform was a pleasant change. I hoped their upgraded appearance came with an upgraded work ethic and respect for authority. 

In the past I had to shout at kids, kick them out of class and have hard nosed face to face shouting matches where I'd tell them how they would fail my class and fuck their lives up. I hated doing it but sometimes it set them straight, most of the time however they would mess with my car for revenge. I've had my tyres let down, exhaust plugged a few times and a side mirror broken off. This is why I had a low tolerance for kids that messed around in class and didn't care because I knew I'd have to shout at them later.

The labs here were fairly similar to the ones at the last school but some of the gear was a bit more high end. I had everything planned out for the day based off the lesson plan I'd been given. I had just enough time to make a cup of coffee in the teacher's lounge before second period started.

As I left the lounge the bell rang. Upon returning to the lab I found a small group of students waiting by the door. They were a mix of 5 boys and girls. The boys wore dark slacks, pale blue shirts and a dark blue tie, all with short hair and polished shoes. The girls wore a plaid skirt and stockings in same colour as the boys slacks and the same blue shirts with a small tie. All the girls had their hair tied back or plaited, I was impressed with the uniform.

"Good morning" I said sipping my coffee. They turned to me and smiled

"Good morning, Sir" one of the boys said. I smiled; my expectations about the respect were currently intact. I unlocked the lab and led the students inside. They took seats at one of the front benches, I pulled out a class list from the folder and scanned it quickly.

"So what are your names?" I asked

"This is Sarah, James, Bryan, Tristan and I'm Jessica" Said the girl at the end of the row, pointing as she listed the names. Soon another half dozen students came in and sat down then a few more. As each small group sat I asked them their names and marked them off the roll. It was quarter past now and time to start the lesson. I shut the door and walked to the white board

"Okay, good morning everyone my name is Mr. Dell. I'll tell you now so you all know, if you miss the door next time it'll be locked and you will miss the lesson. I'm letting it slide today however" I announced as I wrote "Mr. Dell" across the board. I could tell most of these kids had never had this rule applied to them, they shuffled nervously in their seats. I started with the lesson doing a quick overview of Darwinian evolution and species classification. I had just started explaining Darwin's Galapagos Finches when I heard the door creep open. Turning I saw three girls heading for the vacant seats in the rear of the lab. Immediately I saw the difference between these girls and the others in the class. They had their hair down or very loose, lots of makeup on, their shirts were tighter and their skirts had been rolled at the top to bring the hemline up above their knees. They looked like they were 20 year olds dressing as schoolgirls for a Halloween party.

"Stop, what are your names?"

I called after them and picked up the class list. They turned to me

"I'm Britney Moores" One of them said "That's Chrissy Downes and Becca Smith" I marked them off the list

"You're a little late aren't you girls?" I said

"Yeah, we like, got lost coming over here" Britney said sitting down

"Well so that you know for next time the door is locked at quarter past and stays locked til the end of the lesson"

"But what if we get lost again?" Chrissy piped up. The other two giggled which cemented my suspicion they were lying.

"Maybe you should pick up a map then huh" The class giggled quietly and even from the other end of the room I saw the girl's faces flush with embarrassment. I continued on with the lesson. About 5 minutes later I heard a mobile phone go off. I snapped around looking for someone fiddling with a phone instead of paying attention.

"No phones in my class" I boomed "They should be off or better yet, in your locker. I can and will confiscate them. This is your one and only warning"

As soon as I said Lemarkian evolution I heard the phone go off again. This time I was quick enough to see Britney texting under the lab bench.

"Ms. Moores. Put your phone on my desk right now" I demanded.

"No way. It's my phone you can't take it off me" She protested

"Ms. Moores you can surrender the phone or get out of my class and receive a fail"

She grunted and stormed up to my desk; she slammed her phone down then thundered back to her seat in a huff.

"You can collect it after class"

I continued on with the lesson but before too long the three girls disturbed my train of thought again by talking and giggling. Without turning from the board I said

"Ms. Moores, Ms. Smith and Ms. Downes, you don't whisper as quietly as you think you do." I turned from the board. "Now shut up, or get out of my class. If this is the conduct you're going to bring every lesson can I recommend not coming back."

After that they were quiet and I managed to finish out the lesson uninterrupted. The bell clanged and the students began to file out. Britney stood waiting by the door til everyone had left. I placed her phone on the corner of the bench and proceeded to clean the board.

"Your phone is here. See you next lesson Ms. Moores. But perhaps leave the attitude outside next time" I said, I heard the door click shut. Britney had closed and locked it and she rested her palms on the bench. Only now did I really pay any attention to her appearance aside from its obvious violations of the dress code. Her stockings clung to a long pair of firm looking legs capped by her big rounded ass. Her tight shirt hugged her sweeping waist line and her large young breasts, they were C cup's at least. Her blonde hair was done up in a loose ponytail that was curled loosely at the end of and spilled down one shoulder. Her eyes were very bright and blue lined with a dark eyeliner and a light blush on her cheeks. Her skin looked beautiful, so soft, smooth and unblemished. She was actually very attractive.

"Is there a problem Ms. Moores?" I asked turning to her. She straightened and took a step towards me.

"Yeah there is. Who the fuck do you think you are telling me what to do? Demanding I hand over my phone? My family donates a lot of money to this fucking school, you don't tell me what to do. No one does, I make the fucking rules. How dare you tell me to leave my fucking attitude at the fucking door? And I bet you thought that fucking map joke was funny, trying to make us look stupid. Get fucked you useless prick!" She shouted at me, staring me in the eye. I guess the uniform didn't mean shit and the respect for authority was a lie. 

"You listen to me Ms. Moores, This is my classroom and I will run it as I see fit. I make the rules and I will enforce them. I have no problem throwing you out of my classroom and flunking you, I get paid either way. If you think I care who your family is, I do not. You need to get your fucking act together. If you want to stuff about in class, waste time and dress like a goddamn whore then go ahead but you will not, I repeat will not let you tarnish the learning of your classmates. Do not challenge me in here Ms. Moores or you will find a very hard road ahead of you" 

My voice thundered and echoed off the sealed walls and floor. She was noticeably deflated, I could tell no one had told her off like this in a long time. She was just some high class little bitch. All the fucking money in the world and not a thought of her own, she'd spent so long in a sheltered, privileged life that she lived in a bubble where no one had told her to fuck off in such a serious way. Her face softened and she snatched her phone up and walked out, her hard shoes clacked as she walked. I huffed, it was only the first day and I had already busted a kid down to size. I loosened my tie and sat down. I pushed the stress aside and organised my papers for my other classes. I managed the rest of the day without another encounter with Britney or another other pain-in-the-ass insubordinate student. I packed my things and headed home at 5pm.

20 minutes later I pulled into the secure parking below my building. I took the lift up to my floor and walked down the narrow hall way. My apartment was quite nice; I had saved and worked hard to furnish it as best I could on a teacher's salary. This new job had come with a tasty pay raise so maybe I could finally get a flat screen and maybe a new fridge and stuff like that. I made up a strong bourbon, undid my tie a dropped onto the couch. I watched the news before making dinner. I had another drink with dinner. I heard a knock on the door. I couldn't think of who it could be, my rent was on time, the building didn't open for salespeople and anyone I knew would call first. Opening the door I saw a big pair of blue eyes staring up at me. It was Britney.

"Ms. Moores?" I stammered "What are doing here?"

"Hi, Mr.Dell. I thought about what you said and I'm here to apologise. Do you mind if I come in?"

Her eyes looked genuine and sincere but there was something else there that I couldn't put my finger on; she didn't look like she wanted another shouting match. I opened the door fully and stepped back to let her in. She was still wearing her school uniform, I don't know why she hadn't gotten changed. Maybe it was the liquor talking but she looked hot in that thing. Her ass swished deliciously beneath her shortened skirt and her tits strained against her blouse. I turned and closed the door behind her.

"So what is you want to say?" I asked turning. Before I could think Britney had her hands around my shoulders and her lips against mine. I paused for a moment, filling my nostrils with the sweetness of her perfume and the scent of her hair. I could taste the sweet flavour of her lip gloss somehow invading my pursed lips. Her body was warm and soft pushing against mine. I pushed her back and held her at arms length.

"Ms. Moores?! What the hell?" I stuttered, trying to spit the words out

"Call me Britney. I can't help myself, I want you" She lunged trying to kiss me again. I held her back

"Britney, I'm your teacher. You're a child for God's sake"

"No, I'm a woman. Let me show you" She lunged again, this time slipping from my hands and falling into my chest. She clung onto me, gripping my collar and nuzzled into my neck "No one ever says no or tells me what to do. Not my parents or friends or teachers" she began with what sounded like longing as if it was something she wanted "No one except you, you said no. You weren't delicate and soft you told me to fuck right off. It was such a rush to be told what to do, I felt so naughty. It's so taboo, it feels like it's forbidden or something. You know where I went after class? To the bathroom to finger myself stupid. I was so wet when you yelled at me. It got me so hot, even right now you're saying no to me, trying to tell me what to do. I want you to use me and treat me like the naughty, dirty girl I really am. I've had boys but I want a man, a real man with a great big cock"

As much as I tried to resist I was getting hard. All these thing she was saying and her scent and her amazing body pressing into me. It was a catch 22 the more I resisted the more she wanted but if I said yes then she would do me anyway. She inched up on tip toes to whisper in my ear.

"I know you want to fuck me, I can feel you against my hip. I want to feel your cock inside me and feel your cum all over me" she whispered hotly into my ear, making me shiver. She took my hand and guided it up her skirt, I felt weak and let her take my hand. The skin of her palm was extremely soft and smooth, cool to the touch. I knew this was wrong, it could cost me everything but my hand obeyed, running up the smooth material of her stockings to the soft patch of skin between the hem and her...

"I took them off because they were soaked" She said softly. I was fully erect now my heart was racing and my head was swimming. My fingers brushed her trimmed pubic hair before finally touching the soft, moist simmering lips beneath her plaid skirt. Her thin fingers uncurled from my trembling hand. 

I shouldn't be doing this. I thought to myself. This is so wrong. She doesn't know what this could do to me. I took my hand out from under her skirt and gently pushed her aside.

"We can't" I said "It could cost me my job and I'll never be allowed to teach again" She caught my collar and kissed me again

"No. I can keep a secret if you can. I can make anyone at school keep their mouth shut. It won't even go near school if we're careful" She slipped off her tie and unbuttoned her shirt. She was wearing a plain black bra which contained her ample breasts, the skin on her breasts and stomach looked even softer and smoother than her face. I was starting to drool looking at her amazing body, my eyes must've been like saucers.

"Try say no again" She said softly and cocking her head slightly letting her hair to fall away from her elegant neck. I paused for a moment, feeling weak like I might collapse but the scent of her skin kept me awake. I leant in and kissed her sweet lips, opening my mouth and thrusting our tongues together. She took my hand and sat me down on the couch, I took a second to swill down the last of my drink still sitting on the table. She straddled my lap and ran her hands through my hair before pulling my face to her breasts pushing my nose between those soft mounds of perfumed flesh. My hands fell onto the small of her back just above her butt. She released me from her chest and started to kiss my neck and breathe heavily in my ear making me shiver again

"Tell me what to do, make me feel dirty" She whispered as she started to unbutton my shirt.

"Take your shirt off. Show me your tits" I ordered. She slipped her open shirt off her shoulders before her hand snaked behind her back and unclasping her bra. She paused keeping her breasts covered and bit her lip before throwing it to the floor. Her breasts were perky and round with small nipples coloured like bubble gum. I took them in my hands and felt them, they were soft and firm, maybe the best I'd ever seen since I was in high school at least. I savoured the warmth radiating from her beautiful body. I pinched her nipples and rolled them between my fingers, she let out a low moan and finished unbuttoning my shirt. My skin was pretty good, a little pale but I worked out to make up for it. She touched the muscles in my chest and abs and grinned, I guess she like what she saw

"Now what would you like to see?" She asked placing her hands over mine and showing me how she liked to have her tits kneaded firmly.

"Lose the skirt" 

She stood up from my lap and kicked her shoes across the floor. She unfurled her skirt and pulled the zip down. Turning she slowly wriggled it off her lovely curvey hips, bending at the waist as she pushed the skirt down her long legs to the floor giving me the best view of her ass with its tight rosebud and that terrific looking pussy, its small lips glistened with her juices waiting for me framed by her deep navy stockings. The scent that rose from it nearly made me explode out of my pants. I unzipped and whipped out my throbbing cock. Britney turned around and purred seeing my aching member towering out of my lap. I spied a little love heart tattoo on her hip.

"Lick it" I groaned. " Britney licked her lips and obediently knelt in front of me and gripped my shaft in her slim hands. She began to lap at the purple head flicking the tip and run her tongue around the cusp. I moaned at how she knew the sensitive spots, controlling her with her hair I pushed her down my shaft . Her hands cradled my balls and rolled them gently in her hands. She stared into my eyes with those big blues of hers and began to slurp further and further down my length, her mouth opened wide to cram in more cock

"Suck it, she kissed the head before slowly taking the length of my shaft into her mouth, inch by incredible inch. She began to suck my cock, holding the base in both hands. I could feel her tongue flick the head of my cock as it slid back into her mouth.

"Deeper" I muttered and guided her further down my shaft. She gagged a little but she gripped my belt and pulled herself in, I knew now she was serious about being a little slut. I could feel a hot slick of spit dribble down my cock from her lips. She adjusted herself a little then without any effort it seemed, engulf my whole dick to the hilt. Her throat was tense and warm. Starring at me her eyes were reddened and a deep colour rose in her cheeks. I pulled her back leaving a string of saliva drooling from her mouth. I was treating the little high class bitch like a little whore, jamming my cock into her mouth. If she like being treated like she'd never been treated before I would show her one hell of a night. She caught her breath

"Fuck" She panted "I've never gone that deep" She rubbed the slippery spit up and down my cock before I pushed her down again, her chin touched my slippery, slobbered on balls again and again as she bounced her mouth on me. With every stroke a thick squelching noise rose from her mouth . I was loving this blowjob, the whole time her eyes never left mine. Soon I wanted more; I wanted to get at that sweet little pussy of hers.

"Stop. Get up and bend over the couch" I groaned

"What?" She asked wiping her chin. I didn't know if she was playing or didn't hear me, either way I stood her up by the hair and bent her over the couch back she gasped and moaned as I threw her about.

"What are you gunna do to me?" She asked looking at me over her shoulder and licking her pouty lips. Letting go of her hair and standing behind her I ran my hand firmly down her back to her ass, I squeezed the soft cheek and Britney moaned asking again what I was going to do. I raised my hand and spanked her across the ass, she cried out in surprise then growled in deep dark delight. I spanked her again then traced my fingertips down from the red mark rising from her skin, down the delicate sweep of her leg, then across to the smouldering pink of her labia. She moaned again as I placed my whole hand against her pussy lips and curling around to her clit. I began to rub back and forth, immediately my palm was wet with her juices. I sped up my strokes and reached around her chest to knead her tit with my free hand.

"That feels amazing" Britney groaned

"Just wait" I said "It gets better" I pushed a finger inside her hot little pussy. I worked it back and forth with ease, gliding effortlessly on her wetness. Britney held her breath as I pushed another in then another filling her tight vagina. I worked my fingers against her G-spot as I squeezed her breast. Britney's moans got louder and deeper in pitch, her pussy tightened.

"I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm fucking coming" She muttered as I fingered her. Her hands gripped handfuls of the fabric of my couch as she squealed and her whole body tensed in orgasm. She relaxed and panted still bent over the couch. My fingers ran with sweet teenage cum, I licked them clean of every drop of her fragrant nectar. I held her by the hips with my cock throbbing in anticipation, bouncing with my heartbeat like a dog waiting to be fed. 

"I'm going to fuck you now" I said softly

Britney made small circles with her ass inviting me to come in. 

"Yes, fuck me doggy-style. I love watching that in pornos, treat me like one of those girls, one of those whores"
