 I remember the first time I saw him. He was tall, nicely built, oozing with attitude, and sexy as hell! I have always been attracted to that "bad boy" image and here he was standing in front of me. Knowing that ultimately this man would break my heart but determined to enjoy every single moment we spend together until we've parted ways.

Our conversations on sexual preferences indicated we were very compatible in what really turned us both on. And throughout our months together, those initial conversations were proven correct. This man could get me very wet without being in the same room with me! What's so special about him? He allows me to experience things that I had only fantasized about. I hope you enjoy this story because I know I have truly enjoyed the way he makes me feel!

Your lips touch mine in that initial greeting. Teasing my senses and just enough to make me want more. Your lips are so soft and moist. The way the tip of your tongue teases mine is truly sensual. These are the kisses that send my senses reeling and my hands wandering. As I reach my hand down below your waist, I can hardly wait to touch your gorgeously hard cock. The time it takes to unfasten your pants feels like an eternity because all I can think of is taking you into my mouth. I slide down your body and position myself in a way that you can watch my every move. Knowing that you enjoy watching me while I'm sucking your cock is a turn on in itself. Slowly, I wrap my lips around you. Moving my mouth up and down the length of your shaft … getting it nice and wet. Then you reach down to brush my hair away from my face and hold my head against your stomach. Your hips begin to thrust as you start fucking my mouth as if it were a pussy. 

Slowly at first but your own desires eventually take over and it becomes more forceful. "You know your body is for my own pleasure, don't you?" All I can do is muffle a sound of agreement as you press harder against my head, holding me there, and fucking my mouth even harder. The intensity of this feeling is overwhelming and then you suddenly stop. Taking your cock from my mouth, it lays against your stomach and I begin to rub my lips and tongue against your cock … up and down the length of it … pressing firmly with my mouth. Faster and faster … harder and harder, till you grab my hair and pull me away, "You fucking slut!" Forcefully, with my hair in your hand, you pull me down on the bed as you kneel down next to my head. "Are you a slut?" and I whimper a sighful, "Yes."

"Tell me whose slut you are!" My reply is simple, "I'm your slut."

"Then suck my cock you bitch!" and you forcefully thrust your cock into my mouth to fuck me again. This time it's even more intense. With each thrust, you get deeper. You want to feel the head of your cock hitting the back of my throat. And even if I begin to choke, you keep thrusting your cock in further and further. And then you stop. "Get the rope, candles and vibrator. I'm tying your fucking ass up."

With rope and candles in hand, I stand before you completely naked. We've done this before and I love it! The thought of being completely under your control does things to me that you can't even fully imagine. My body responds in every sort of way. You start by tying my tits up tightly making my nipples more sensitive to your touch. And after you've finished, you reach up and give my nipples a hard pinch. "Hey, that hurts!" and you respond, "Shut up bitch! I'll do what I want to you." I close my eyes and imagine how good this is going to feel. With another piece of rope, you tie my hands together in front of me. "Now kneel down in front of me." Naturally, I do as I'm told. 

Once in front of you, your rub your cock against my lips and slap it against my cheek. Opening my mouth, you once again slide your cock into my mouth. With your hands wrapped in my hair, you start to thrust your cock in and out of my mouth. "Do you know how sexy it looks when you let me fuck your mouth?" I can't reply. You press my head against your body and start to fuck me harder. But shortly afterwards, you once again pull away from me. "Get up on the bed and lay down on your back." Once in position, you reach for the candle and light it. The wax begins to run down and then you hold it over my tied tits. Letting the wax drip onto them as you're playing with my nipples. "You like this, don't you?" and I reply, "Yes, I do."

"And do you like this?" as you hold the candle closer to my skin, it begins to burn. "Yes." But I can't stand it for too long because the pain starts to set in and my body begins to pull away. Reaching your hand between my legs, you find my hardened clit. "Do you like it here?"

"Yes. I want to feel that wax dripping onto my pussy." Spreading my pussy lips, you let a few droplets of wax drip onto my clit and then you begin to rub it in with your fingers. My body is screaming! I can't hold it back any longer and I begin to cum. Instinctively, my legs begin to close but you hold them back, "Open your legs bitch and take it!" The feeling is so intense; I don't want it to stop. But this is only the tip of the iceberg. You're not through with me yet. Blowing the candle out, you reach down to untie my hands. As I stand up, there is wax all over my body and the bed. You take both nipples in your hands and begin to play with them as you give me a long, deep kiss. One that leaves me almost breathless.

"Now, get up on the bed on your hands and knees." After doing so, you take the rope and begin to tie my wrist to my ankles. This is something you've told me of but have never done before. My mind is reeling and the excitement builds. Once you have me all tied up again, you come in behind me and rub your cock against my pussy and then rub the head of your cock against my clit. I can now feel the head of your cock pressing against me as you start to enter me. My pussy is dripping wet and makes for a very easy entry. Slow, long, even strokes … I love the way it feels when you're inside of me. You feel my muscles tightening around your cock and you being to fuck me harder and faster. "I want you to cum for me." And I'm more than happy to oblige your request. As the pressure builds, you feel me getting tighter around you. And when I begin to cum, it feels as if my pussy is pushing your cock out. It's all you can do to stay inside of me. When this happens, you know that I've just gotten off really hard! You slowly slide your cock out of me and look at the juices I've just spread all over you. This sight turns you on even more. 

"Are you gonna let me have your ass now?" I'm in no position to argue. I certainly can't fight it. You have me completely helpless. When I don't respond, you ask me again, "Are you gonna let me fuck you in the ass?" and I finally reply, "Yes, but be gentle." That's all you needed to hear and I begin to feel your cock rubbing against my ass. The anticipation is killing me. I know how it feels when you fuck me in the ass but this time I can't pull away from you. You take my vibrator and slide it inside my pussy until it's completely inside of me … leaving it there. Then, a little at a time, you begin to slide the head of your cock inside me. I bury my face into the pillow and bite down. A little more, you slide further inside of me until I can feel all of your cock inside my ass. Gently, you fuck me until my body relaxes. Once you feel this, you pick up the pace. "Who does this ass belong to?"

"It belongs to you" are the muffled words you hear. Your cock is so hard! And now it's time to find your own release. "Cum in my ass baby. Fuck me until you've filled my ass with your cum." Hearing this, you start fucking me harder and faster. I only wish I could watch you right now. Your hands on my hips, pulling my body to yours, and pounding on my ass, your own body begins to get tense. You can feel it. And then you say, "MMMMMMMMM ….. I'm cumming."

"That's it baby, give it all to me!" Feeling the vibrator rubbing against your cock, your cum shoots into my ass and you get off really hard. You're slowly moving your cock in and out of me until you can't stand it any more and slowly pull out. My body falls to the bed in complete exhaustion. But ohhhhh what a feeling!