 This is the long delayed sequel to Mr. Dell's Little Slut. Sorry for the delay. Please enjoy. Part 3 coming soon if you like this one.



She was just staring at me. Looking me directly in the eye every time she caught me looking at her. Even when my back was turned I could feel her bright blue eyes burning holes in my clothes and imagining the muscles and skin there. It was second period on Wednesday and I was happily enjoying my 5th week teaching science at a private school. Since she first arrived at my apartment door 5 weeks ago I knew Britney would fulfil every fantasy I ever had when I was in high school about fucking the high-toned, popularity queen. Every time she was in a room with me my heart raced with excitement, every time she was in a room alone with me my heart would send blood south. Just the sight of her gorgeous ass and round hips that swept towards her firm, young breasts would drive me wild. Worse than this was her pouty lips or the fire in her blue eyes when I knew she wanted me.

It was halfway through the lesson; I was explaining acids and bases when I heard a mobile phone go off at the back of the class. I had a zero tolerance for phones and shitless layabouts but 5 weeks of detentions and yelling had got the message across to everyone in all my classes, all except one. Turning from the board I saw Britney waiting to catch my eye before casually silencing her phone, I saw a thin, dark smile creep across her lips knowing I'd caught her, and Britney loved feeling naughty.

"Miss Moores" I said "The phone goes on my desk right now." 

I said tapping the bench in front of me with the end of my whiteboard marker. Obediently but trying to look defeated she strolled her way up the middle of the classroom and dropped her phone on my desk. 

"Maybe you'll learn to leave it at home." I said. She raised an eyebrow and lifted her arm out at me and quickly lifted her middle finger, her perfume leeched off her hand just inches from my face.

"Detention for you, Moores." I said looking up at her. She grinned then pouted as she turned and walked back. Her shortened plaid skirt swished back and forth on her great ass, flashing glimpses of the skin just above her stockings. I felt my cock pulse.

"Germann determined that there are ions in equilibrium that"

My sentence was cut short by the bell clanging outside signalling the end of class. Students gathered their books and began to move to the door.

"Read chapters 5 and 6 for next week, do the questions in the back. There will be a quiz." 

I shouted over the shuffle of books and shoes. Britney was taking her sweet time to make sure she was the last one out. She scooped her phone into her pocket and rest her elbows on my bench, showing me her soft, sweeping cleavage. I walked over and shut the door. She seemed to cross the room with one step of her long legs and kiss me with those sweet lips. There was a blind spot in the science labs by the door, we were safe here. As safe as the gap between 2nd and 3rd period gets.

"Detention huh? She said pulling back "What's my punishment, Mr. Dell?." 

She said cocking her head and looking up at me. I pulled her skirt up and squeezed her ass, she growled. I kissed her firmly and her hands fell to the bulge growing in my pants.

"Come to my office after school for detention, gorgeous." 

I said. She gripped my collar and pulled her lips to my ear

"Can't you just fuck me in the supply room right now?" 

She whispered with one hot breath and rubbed my cock.

"It's too dangerous" I replied pushing her back lightly to fix my tie and collar "My office. After last period."

After the first time we had sex we both agreed to keep it away from school, never at school. Soon however, our urges were too much; I just had to have her one day when she was in my last class of the day. I drew the classroom blinds and fucked her bent over a workbench with her skirt flipped up her back and her tits spilling out of her blue blouse onto the cold metal table. I often fucked her doggy-style. She loved it, she loved being held down or having her hair pulled gently; more than almost anything she loved a good spanking. Recently we had found that the science department was deserted after school and my office was the perfect place to fuck.

I had just gotten to my staff room after final bell and made a cup of coffee. I did a sweep of all the offices to make sure we were alone, the place was empty. Crossing the main staff room I spied a wooden, meter long ruler hanging from a whiteboard, it gave me an idea for a 'detention' punishment. I walked to my office tapping the ruler against the side of my leg. My office was one of the older ones with yellow fluros and a lot of chipboard that leeched a warm, woody scent. I sat down and thumbed through a pile of lab reports I had to grade. Ten or so minutes later there was a knock on the door.

"Come in." I called. The door opened and Britney ducked inside.

"Here for detention, Mr. Dell" She said smoothly as she undid a button on her blouse and pushed her chest out. 

"What's my punishment, sir?" 

She asked sitting on the corner of my desk. I slowly lifted the ruler up from behind the desk and ran it up Britney's thigh, bringing the end under her chin. Her eyes were glowing and my cock was hardening.

"Turn around and bend over." 

I said quietly but forcefully. Britney growled and obeyed, placing her hands flat on the desk. I ran my hand down the back of her neck and down to her ass which I squeezed firmly before lifting her skirt up. Her ass always looked so damn good when she had her stockings on, there was a dark patch of dampness in the crotch of her panties. She always wore pink lacy ones, well every time I'd seen them at least. Today it was a pink g-string that rest neatly between her ass cheeks.

"What's my punishment, Mister Dell?" She purred. 

"You've been bad, Miss Moores. You need to be taught a lesson I think."

"Oh teach me a lesson" She begged, making small circles with her smooth butt. I leaned the ruler against the side of the desk. I stepped to her side, placed one cool hand on her hip and rubbed her ass with the other. I drew back before swinging my open palm towards her

Smack.

Britney yelped in surprise, she looked over her shoulder at me; her eyes were burning with excitement. I grinned and lined up another shot. I rubbed and kneaded the reddened skin before drawing back again.

Smack.

Britney simply gasped this time, it wound to a deep growl that made my erection pulse in my pants.

"Do you like that?" I said staring into her eyes over her shoulder as I rubbed the fresh hand-print.

"Yes. I want more. Please more, I've been so fucking naughty."

I didn't say anything. I simply hooked one finger around her moist underwear and pulled them down. She purred as I tugged them off her hips and let them fall down her long toned legs. Her pussy always looked great, perfectly shaved, little lips and a little clit. I knelt to untangle the pink material from her shoes, getting an almighty whiff of sweet teen pussy. I straightened up and gripped Britney's ponytail arching her neck back lightly as I leaned down to her ear.

"I don't like swearing Miss Moores." 

I pushed the G-string into her gaping mouth 

"For that, your punishment is going to be more severe." 

Britney moaned in delight through a mouthful of panties and nodded as best she could with her hair knotted tightly in my fist. I let go of her hair and picked up the ruler, tracing it down her spine to her ass. 

"Such a naughty little girl." 

I lined up the ruler across her pale cheeks.

Smack.

She made a muffled yelp. Immediately a red band welled up across her butt, brighter than the two hand-prints. I ran my cool fingers down the stripe making Britney shiver lightly.

"Do you like that?" 

I asked

"Uh huh" 

Britney mumbled through the underwear and nodded. I swung again.

Smack.

Britney moaned again. I started to smack her repeatedly, softer than the others but still leaving red stripes across her bare ass.

Smack.

Smack.

Smack.

She groaned greatfully through her mouthful of underwear, soon her entire bottom was a completely pinkened by the face of the ruler. The lips of her pussy were glistening with a copious amount of her juice. I leaned the ruler against the desk and rubbed a cool hand on Britney's left cheek. She shivered. I reached forward, gripped her ponytail and stood her up, pushing her bare ass against my aching groin. I tugged the panties from her mouth and dropped them onto the desk.

"Did you like that?"

I asked still firmly caressing her soft, sore buttocks.

"Yes" She gasped "Please fuck me. I need to feel your hard cock inside me. I want it so badly."

With both hands I undid her blouse buttons while I planted wet kisses along the nape of her neck. My nose was swamped in her sweet perfume, hightening my desires further. Her breath seemed to tumble from her lips in an almost frustrated sigh with each button I removed. Her hands slipped between our hot bodies and gripped my cock through my slacks. Her thin fingers slid slowly from the base up the veiny length of my solid penis to the tip. I slid her out of her bra and began to knead her firm breasts, pinching the nipples and squeezing whole handfuls of tit.

With one hand I pushed Britney back down the table top and unzipped my pants with my free hand. She made small circles with her red ass as I pushed my pants to the floor and let my cock spring up. The tip of it already shimmered with pre-cum and pulsed with anticipation. I rest the sizzling shaft on Britney's ass, she growled and gently moved forward to get onto her tip-toes. My tip now lined up perfectly with her pouty, little pussy lips. She began to push back against me, taking my dick inside her body. Frustratingly slowly she began to push back and swallow my cock with her hot insides. I watched her slick labia spread around my girth. I just wanted to be deep inside her but she took her sweet time taking me in, slowly, slowly, inch by inch. Compared to her boiling vagina my body felt like it would freeze. I couldn't take it anymore; I planted my hands on her hips and thrust the final half of my cock inside her. Her pussy made a squelch and she let out a squeal of surprise as my balls flicked her clit. I held there for a moment and Britney lowered back onto her feet before I pulled back and began to fuck her.

She let a deep, low moan that reverberated across the surface of my desk as she was filled with my meat. With each thrust I drew my cock out, letting Britney's pussy lips touch back together before thrusting back inside her.

"God, I love your cock." 

She groaned. I spanked her in reply.

My pounding picked-up, both in speed and force. It wasn't long before each thrust shifted my desk tiny increments closer to the far wall. Britney's tits rubbed firmly against the polished wood, they spilled past the edges of her body, pushed down by her body weight. She squealed and her pussy tightened.

"Yes. Oh yes. I'm going to come." 

There was a sucking noise and Britney's hands shot out to grip the edges of my desk as her orgasm rippled through her beautiful, curvy body. Her pussy continued to squeeze my hard cock as I slowly worked it back and forth between her tight, moist lips to keep her orgasm going. Eventually she released and rest her panting face against the cool desk. I ran my large hands up the sweep of her back to the back of her neck. I withdrew my cock and gripped her ponytail. I stood her back up.

"Did you like that, gorgeous?" 

I asked in her ear as one hand held her waist and the other pinched one of her little nipples. She moaned appreciatively.

"Yes, I love it when you fuck me like that"

I spun her and kissed her. Both my hands cradled her toned ass. Her thin fingers slid between our bodies and gripped my shaft, slippery with Britney's cum. She slowly lowered herself onto her knees, her big blue eyes never breaking with mine. She gripped my cock and squeezed firmly for a second, feeling the unflinching firmness of the flesh. With her eyes still locked to mine her mouth opened and took me in. Her mouth was slightly cooler than her pussy, probably from the great mouthfuls of satisfied air she'd drawn in when she came. She began to suck my cock. Her tongue swept the head of my penis as she drew it back and forth between her lips. 

"Hm. Pussy juice tastes different when it's off a dick." Britney remarked between strokes.

Her big blue eyes with the dark liner she always wore, never left mine as she sucked further and further down my pulsing shaft. Only when my tip reached her throat did she close her eyes and make the push towards my balls. Her throat was tense, warmer than her mouth. She gagged a little but held her lips against the base of my penis. She pulled back and took a gasp of air. A thick string of spit hung between her chin and my cock. She looked up at me. A smile swept across her lips as she reached up and grabbed my hips, she began to pull me towards her. My dick entered her hot little mouth again.

Britney began to push and pull me in and out of her lips, begging me to fuck her mouth. I placed my hands on the sides of her face and began to thrust in and out her mouth. Her mouth made a sucking noise as I pushed further with each thrust. She kept her lips firm and they molded to every contour of my cock's veiny circumference. 

I pushed hard into the back of her throat, she gagged and I pulled back. I paused for a moment before pushing back in again. I kept thrusting into her throat and she would gag with each push. Her mouth felt amazing but I wanted more of that sweet teen pussy. I pulled back and guided her up. Without a word I pushed her onto the desk, she sat leaning back on her palms with her legs spread. With one movement I stepped between her legs and slid inside her, she threw her head back and moaned. 

Britney's long legs circled my waist and pulled me in close. I leaned forward and kissed her neck as I started to thrust. Britney's hands gripped my shoulders and held tightly as I began to slap our bodies together. With my mouth kissing her neck Britney breathed heavily in my ear.

"Hm, you're rubbing my clit with your stomach. Oh fuck that's good. Faster, Mister Dell. Faster." Britney said.

Her breath was beginning to peak as she neared orgasm again. Outside the door I heard the main door to the staff-room click open. There was another teacher in the room outside. I froze like a statue and straightened, letting Britney lay back on the desk. Britney mustn't have heard the sound outside

"What's the mat-" She asked, her words were cut off by my hand clamping over her sweet mouth. 

I could hear footsteps and a rustle of paper, apparently not everyone had gone home yet. This Britney heard, her body tensed up, even her pussy. We stayed there mid-penetration for what seemed like forever, listening intently to the sound of whomever was outside. I looked down at Britney, she was firmly massaging her breasts and biting her lip. I could tell she was enjoying the suspense and the thrill of trying to be silent with my cock inside her. She adjusted herself, releasing her legs from around my waist and sitting back upon her palms. She began to rock back and forth on her ass, sliding my cock in and out.

It was weird being in a position where I should be thrusting but instead just letting Britney do the work. Britney's eyes were glowing with feverish excitement as she manipulated herself on my cock. I have to admit, I was enjoying the suspense and excitement. Britney hummed a note of pleasure as I reached down and started to thumb her firm clit. For a moment I forgot about the impending danger outside and purely focused on the stunning blonde on the end of my dick. I was enveloped in the fire in her eyes and the stink of sex in the air. 

Britney's mouth popped open and she was about to let out a squeal of delight as she neared her orgasm that was scared away by the intrusion. In a reflex I held my hand over her mouth to stifle the noise, instead she let out a low groan into my hand. Outside the movement stopped abruptly whomever it was must've heard Britney. Luckily all they knew was that someone, not necessarily me, was having an orgasm in my office and that any intrusion could be a very awkward encounter. I kept one hand on Britney's mouth and held her hips still with the other. The intruder shuffled whatever papers they had, tapped them against a desk then shuffled their way across the staff room and out the door. 

We were alone again. I could feel Britney's lips curl into a smile under my hand. I lifted her gorgeous legs up onto my shoulders, immediately I felt her vagina get tighter as her legs pushed together. I gripped the firm flesh of her hips and planted my feet. I began to thrust firmly into her beautiful body, spreading her pursed pussy lips with the girth of my cock. Before too long Britney got the orgasm she had been waiting for. Her pussy made a familiar sucking noise and my cock was strangled by the convulsions of her cunt.

"Oh fuck me, Mister Dell. Fuck my pussy. I'm gunna come again." 

Britney cried as she pinched both her nipples as she came. The pussy-clamp combined with her incessant moans of pleasure pushed me to coming. I felt the swell and pulse of my body about to explode. Britney saw my face screw up as the feeling washed through my body and took a 90 degree turn at my hips.

"Come in my pussy, I want it in my pussy, Mister Dell" She beckoned. 

I felt like a bolt of lightning had struck the top of my head and tried to arc to Britney through my penis as I came. I pumped what felt like gallons of cum into Britney's sweet, little teen pussy. I sighed out a deep breath and slid out of Britney's soaked twat. I stepped back and watched the spill of cum dribble from Britney's cunt. I smiled at her and she laughed as she tried to stop the river of pearly fluid falling on the carpet when she sat up. 

We cleaned up.

"What did you mean?" I asked tucking my drooping erection away "When you said pussy juice tastes different when its on a dick?"

"Well It tastes different off a cock, to when it comes straight from a pussy"

She said with a sneaky grin. 

"I've been with a girl before. It tasted different is all" Britney looked up at the ceiling reminiscently. 

We said our goodbyes. Once again I was left alone with a pair of pink panties and the memory of fucking the high class-queen bee slut of the school that I enjoyed in a sex stinking room.

Thanks for reading