 I flicked the projector off with a snap and made my way to the light switch by the wall. We'd just finished watching a movie in the last class of the day at my new school. The blinds were drawn to keep the afternoon sun out. 

"That concludes our unit on Madame Curie's work which lead to the discovery of radium." I said flipping the lights on and picking up a stack of papers. "I have your exam marks for you to review."

"Miss Nooniun." I said dropping a marked exam onto a girl's desk. I was handing out the marks for the mid-term I'd marked last week. Overall the marks were quite high. Maybe my good mood was because of the blowjob I was getting while I marked them, the girl responsible was sitting in the back of the classroom. Britney Moores' eye followed me like lasers as I moved about the room returning the exam papers. As I was marking them she had been gently slurping my member, tenderly sweeping it with the flat of her tongue then tickling the cusp with her lips. All the while her slim fingers rolled my testicles in the palm of her hand. Without hesitation I'd marked an "A" on her exam a second before I came in her sweet mouth, filling it with hot, thick cum. I continued to work my way around the room.

"Mister Sharpe, well done." I said dropping a 100% exam onto his desk. I was up the final row of desks which included Britney and her friends. Britney's blue eyes were glowing at me, I was trying to avoid her gaze. Whenever we locked eyes during class I felt an unsettling wave wash over me. Anyone that's ever tried to hide an affair knows the sensation, you feel like everyone can read your mind and they all know your secret perversion. It's the same when you've masturbated then gone out to do something and you think to yourself "They know. They know I was wanking". Although my cum hadn't touched tissue since I met Britney. A few more students to go.

"Mister Borg, better luck next time." I said quietly slapping the boy's exam face down on the desk. "Fuck" he said under his breath seeing the failing mark. 

"Watch the language, buddy. Just get it together for the assignment." I tried to keep my voice low to avoid embarrassing him. "Mister Rhodes, Miss Cartwright and Mister Davies" I said throwing down the papers onto the desks. I crossed the walkway down the center of the room to where Britney sat with her friends. Normally there were two girls with her but one of them was absent today. I could still feel Britney's eyes burning holes in my clothes. 

"Miss Moores, very impressive." I said finally making eye contact with her. Those gorgeous blue eyes stared at me, a thin smile crept across her pouty, glossy lips. She knew I was thinking about that blowjob that got her the "A" scrawled on her test.

"Miss Smith." I frowned at her test results "Plenty of marks to get back in the assignment and the final exam" I lay the test on the desk in front of her. She looked up at me. I'd never paid much attention to her, with Britney next to her all the time it was like trying to look at the moon during an eclipse. Her auburn hair was done up in two loose pigtails that rest on her shoulders. Her skin was lightly tanned and freckled across her nose and cheeks. Her dark green eyes looked me up and down, I sensed that twinge of paranoia again. "They know. They know" I thought. I turned and started towards the door.

"Overall." I announced "The exam marks were quite good. Some left a bit to be desired."

I looked at my watch.

"There's only a couple minutes left in the lesson so take an early mark. Hand over your exams and I'll see you next week."

There was a chorus of shoes and books moving about. A stream of students began to move out the door, each one of them passed their exam back to me and left. Before long the room was mostly empty. Britney stood by my desk and Becca Smith sat in her chair at the back of the room.

"Miss Smith, is there a problem?" I asked as Britney cut towards me.

"I need to talk to you." She said stepping behind me and shutting the door. 

The hair on the back of my neck stood on end.

"What have you done?" I whispered coarsely to her. Before she replied I already knew the game was up. She had told Becca about us. I was a shot duck, she'd screwed me over. I knew I should have never gotten involved with her. She was dangerous and beyond my control when I met her, I became a part of that perfect, high class, queen bee bullshit.

"Mister Dell." Becca said standing up and straightening her uniform.

"Britney, you've ruined me." I muttered to her. 

"I think we need to talk about my grades" Becca continued. I noticed now that she was quite tall as she began to pace towards Britney and I. 

I cleared my throat and fiddled with my tie. Becca's long, lean legs crossed in front of each other as she walked like a model. Her thick leather shoes clacked against the floor with each slow and deliberate step. Just like Britney, Becca's skirt was rolled up at the waist which brought the hemline up to the middle of her thighs.

"What, um" I cleared my throat again "What would you like to discuss, Miss Smith?"

Britney grabbed my arm.

"I'm so sorry. I got drunk and I blabbed to her. I sorted it out though. Don't worry." She stood on her tip toes and kissed my cheek.

I barely noticed the peck, I was too busy imagining the weekly line at the welfare office after I lose my teaching accreditation and suffer a bit of jail time for fucking a student. Becca was standing in front of me now, her hands snaked up to the bottom of my tie and began to thumb the smooth material lightly.

"Fraternizing with a student. Naughty, Mister Dell." She stepped closer to me and moved her hands up to the knot in my tie. Her emerald eyes met mine.

"I think we need to have a chat about this grade, Mister Dell. If I fail this class I'll have to repeat and I won't graduate this year. I'd hate to fail and have to take a few people down with me." 

Her voice was calm and careful. The fucking bitch had rehearsed this in her head, she had me right where she wanted me.

"I'll change the grade." I said hoping to defuse the situation. I had to play this very carefully.

"Oh, no no no." Becca said pulling her body against mine. Her breasts pushed against me, they were much bigger than Britney's. Her thigh brushed past mine and in a second her warm mound was rubbing my hip. Her thin lips came to my cheek.

"Britney told me about you two. She says you're the best fuck she's ever had. I want to see how good you are. She said your cock is huge and you fuck rough, like a porno she said. I like it rough. Oh you're going to change that grade alright but first you're going to show me that dick."

Becca's hand fell to my cock. My head was spinning, a second ago I was about to lose everything and now I was getting my cock out. This felt familiar. I felt dizzy and a little weak, maybe it was all the blood gushing south of my belt. By the time Becca had unzipped me my cock was hard and throbbing. It sprang out of my pants.

"Oh my God." Becca exclaimed "You weren't kidding. That thing's a whopper." Her eyes were glowing with intrigue. Becca's hands reached up to unbutton her shirt. Her ample breasts were straining against a white lace bra and they were lightly dotted with the same freckles as her face. This was how Britney had fixed it, Becca was about to become part of our dirty secret. Britney pressed herself into my side and started to slowly rub her pussy against my leg. She put her palm to my chin and turned my face toward her.

"It's okay." She said looking into my eyes and then kissing me with her sweet lips. I tasted the lip gloss on her mouth as I parted my lips to take her tongue in. When I broke the kiss off Becca had stripped out of her shirt, tie and bra. Her nipples were a dark pink and quite large. She cupped her breasts in her hands and began to knead them firmly, stopping to pinch her nipples into erection. Her stomach was slim with very fine muscle definition under her ribs and over her hips. Britney started to place wet kisses along my neck up to my ear while her hands worked to undo my tie and shirt buttons.

Becca unzipped her skirt and tossed it aside. She was wearing a pair of white lacy panties that matched her discarded bra. She gingerly went to her knees in front of me and gripped my shaft. She looked up at me as her fingers traced the veins in my engorged meat. Britney slipped my shirt off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She ran her small, cool hands across my bare chest and abs. With one hand stroking my cock, Becca gestured to Britney to join her on the floor. Britney kissed me again before moving. She started to unbutton her shirt, still on her knees Becca let go of my cock ran her hands up Britney's leg. Becca's thin quick fingers unzipped Britney's skirt and let it fall to the floor. Britney was wearing pink lacy panties like usual. The thin material pulled slightly between her pussy lips and showed off her sweeping hips flowing down her slim legs. Britney's hand snaked behind her back and unclipped her bra revealing her familiar breasts and those sweet, little, bubble-gum coloured nipples of hers. She lowered herself beside Becca. Somehow my cock felt like it had swollen even more at the sight of two gorgeous teens kneeling before it like they were about to worship my cock. 

My heart raced I looked around the room, all the blinds were drawn and it was after the last class of the day. We were safe here. Britney and Becca exchanged glances for a moment before Britney took charge and gripped my bulging shaft with a trained firmness. She began to jerk me off slowly. The peak of each stroke brought a little precum bubbling from my cock. With her free hand Britney swiped the clear, thick fluid off the tip of my penis. She held it out to Becca's waiting lips. Her thin lips parted and took it in and tasted my dribble. Before the finger left her mouth I saw her cheeks suck inwards and her eyes flutter with excitement and she drew the tiniest fragments of my juice. Her green eyes opened and looked up at me and she smiled. With Britney holding my aching cock still Becca parted her lips and took me in. Her warm mouth enveloped the engorged rod sprouting from my slacks. Slowly she began to suck my cock, taking it as deep as she dared, sucking down firmly and drawing back out.

"It's so thick." Becca purred.

"I told you didn't I. Let me show you what he really likes." Britney said cupping my balls and looking up at me with those baby blues that made my blood boil. She guided my cock to her waiting lips and adjusted her position a bit. In one movement she inhaled my member. I gasped then let out a low groan as the head of my cock penetrated past her tonsils. She held me there with her nose pressed into my belly letting me feel the resistance of the warm, wet muscles in her throat. Becca gasp in awe. Britney's teeth very gently grazed the sensitive line under my cock as she pulled back, making me shiver. She did it again, slowly rolling my balls in her hand. Becca sat on her haunches watching my meat slip between Britney's lips, practically drooling. I watched Becca's hand slip into her underwear and begin to play with herself. Britney gagged and pulled back again, dragging a long string of spit out of her mouth that swung from the tip of my cock. 

"That was so hot." Becca said licking her lips.

"Try it." I muttered. Becca glanced up at me, then at Britney, then at the throbbing, wet member bouncing in front of her face. Becca adjusted herself a bit, spreading her legs to get closer to the floor. Britney slipped in behind her and coached.

"Tilt your head a little and just relax."

Becca licked her lips and opened her mouth. She stared up at me as inch after inch disappeared into her sweet mouth. Her eyes were bright and excited, they closed as I began to push deeper into her mouth. She flinched as her throat resisted my member, I felt the spasm against the tip of my cock. She gagged and gulped trying to hold back her gag reflex but she pulled back.

"I can't get it down." She gasped. Britney's arms circled Becca's waist and her small hands grabbed handfuls of Becca's mountainous tits from behind.

"Then just suck it. Use your tongue lots, he likes that too. Don't you, Mister Dell?" Britney said into Becca's ear. I nodded and Becca took me back in her mouth sucking firmly and holding her tongue against the shaft as she drew back and forth. At the end of each stroke the suction of her lips made the head of my cock swell, just as it began to border on pain or discomfort she would open her mouth with a smack. As she teased my engorged cock Britney kissed her neck and nibbled her ear as her hand snaked down from Becca's breast to her under wear. Immediately I felt Becca moan as Britney began to stroke her pussy. She pulled the panties to one side and began to run one finger between her naked lips. They must've been freshly shaved. I watched as Britney's painted fingertip circled Becca's clit and began to rub it firmly.

Becca's lips hummed with delight around my cock. She began to snort as her breath picked up and became ragged, she released my cock from the warm confines of her mouth.

"Keep going, Brit. You're gunna make me come. Hmmm. Oh yes, I'm coming." Becca panted. She squeezed my dick very hard as she orgasmed. The room was filled with the smell of her cum. She slowly loosened her grip and looked up at me. "I like it rough" her words chimed in my head, she had me cornered so I was ready to do whatever I had too to keep my job. She liked rough, she was gunna get rough. I reached down and grabbed both her red pigtails in one hand and tugged gently, standing her up. I kissed her firmly, tasting my cock on her tongue. She groaned with delight. I drew in the light scent of her perfume mixing in the air with the scent of her cum. Britney's licked the glistening cum from her dainty hand and smiled.

"Tastes just I remember, Becca" she said softly

"You like rough, huh?" I said staring into Becca's burning green eyes. She nodded the best she could, her lips hung open a little, glistening with saliva that quivered as she drew shallow, ragged breaths. Holding her by her hair an inch from my face staring into her eyes made my cock flinch with excitement. I guided her over to a padded vinyl stool. Becca gasped in surprise as I knelt behind her, running my hands down her waist. I hooked my fingers into the waistband of her underwear and tugged them down her long legs. Her bald labia glimmered with cum and practically pulsed with anticipation. I stood up and grabbed Becca by her crimson hair again and pulled her nude buttocks up against my pounding cock. I kissed her shoulder up to her neck and around to her exposed throat. I grazed the skin very lightly with my teeth.

Britney wriggled herself out of her pink underwear showing me her neatly trimmed pubic hair and her pouty pussy lips. She took a seat on the bench in front of us with her legs spread showing the boiling pink of her inner pussy. Guiding her by her pigtails I bent Becca over the stool and into Britney's smoldering pussy. Becca made an excited groan that was muffled by Britney's sweet pussy. Britney let out a sharp cry of delight. She began to moan as Becca went to work with her mouth. I pushed my slacks down to my feet and lined the pulsating head of my penis against Becca's pussy. She purred into Britney's pussy appreciatively. I pushed, letting her tight opening roll back the skin of my uncut cock. She was wet from her orgasm and I slid effortlessly in with one stroke. She stopped suckling Britney's cunt to let out a moan as I stretched her pussy with the girth of my penis.

"Holy fuck that thing's thick. Ooooh, uuuuuuh. Fuck me, Mister Dell" She panted as my cock filled the tiny space inside her vagina.

"Quiet" I grunted and shoved her head back between Britney's legs. I started to pump in and out of her moist opening. The room was filled with the sound squishing of my cock and Becca slurping pussy and Britney moaning gratefully. 

Britney leaned back on her elbows and watched as Becca pressed her lips around her clit squeezing it from two sides. She stroked her lips against the sensitive little bump making Britney shiver with delight. I continued to shove in and out of Becca's sweet pussy. I stared into Britney's eyes as her lip hung open and her legs began to quake as Becca licked her to orgasm. She shifted her weight and grabbed Becca's red pigtails with one hand, pinning her between the velvet folds of Britney's pussy. Britney wailed with pleasure as she came. I felt a firmness growing around my cock as I pumped with enthusiasm that made ripples across the skin of Becca's buttocks. She squealed through a mouthful of wet cunt as an orgasm shuddered through her toned body. I ran my large, warm hands up from Becca's ass up her back and over her shoulders. I gripped a handful of Becca's hair from Britney's fist. Slowly I pulled her face from Britney's pussy. As she straightened up my swollen cock pressed firmly against her G-spot.

Holding her by the hair I arched her head back into my shoulder as I continued to make short thrusts, firmly grinding the tip of my cock against her G-spot. She gasped as my hand slipped from her hair to hold her chin. Britney stood from the bench and kissed Becca firmly on the lips. She stared into her eyes with a glowing ferocity, watching them closely. Her hand slipped down between Becca's legs to her untouched clit. I could feel Britney's thin fingers brush my cock as she strummed Becca's little love-bean. Becca started to play with Britney's relatively small breasts, thumbing the small, pink nipples into firmness. Becca moaned, loving the attention as her pussy was ravaged.

"Harder" She groaned "Both of you, do me harder. I'm so close to coming again!"

I wrapped my free arm around her waist and started to shove my cock into her so firmly her body jolted with each thrust. Britney's arm started to blur as she rubbed Becca's clit with more gusto. I felt her pussy squeeze me again and a sucking noise erupt from her polished pussy. Her eyes rolled back in her head and her breath caught in her throat for a moment before shuddering back out.

When she released me I felt my body tighten up in preparation for an explosion of a serious magnitude.

"I'm about to come" I announced "Where do you want it, baby" I grunted

"Mouth. Fucking come in my mouth. I want to taste you" Becca groaned. I let go my grip on her beautiful body and she sank to her knees in front of me. Britney moved the stool out of the way and knelt beside her. They knelt like a proper pair of porno sluts with their mouths wide open, begging for my seed. I jerked myself off in front of them, my hands were immediately lubricated with Becca's sweet juices. My cock erupted with a blast of cum straight into Becca's waiting mouth. The second shot launched into her throat with the same force as the first. I changed my aim and shot into Britney's mouth, her lips closed around the cusp of my cock to feel the two great lumps of cum pass through it into her mouth. She gripped my shaft by the base and shoved the tip into Becca's mouth. She squeezed from my balls up the length of my cock to Becca's lips, extracting the last dribbles of my precious, pearly explosion. I watched as both of them swallowed a mouthful of cum and smiled up at me. We cleaned up and got dressed.

Becca picked up my tie from the floor and draped it around my neck and started to knot the smooth fabric.

"So are we square here, Miss Smith?" I asked watching her hands work a half Windsor. Her green eyes had lost their fire now.

"After that? You bet. I would've stayed quiet just for the grade but after what Brit told me about that hammer of yours I had to see what all the fuss was about. Don't be surprised if I ask for another non-academic favour from you, Mister Dell"
