 "Hello?"

"Oh god!" I think to myself. "She's only said one word and I am already getting turned on." I respond, "Hi baby!"

"Oh Joe, where are you?" I can't help but notice her voice has lowered and taken on a flinty tone. Instantly I feel my manhood begin to rise.

"I am still about an hour and a half away, but I am pedaling as fast as I can."

"Please be careful, darling. I really missed you and I need you home in one piece."

"Don't worry. I'll be careful. What are you doing?" I ask.

There is a slight pause, and then she says softly into the phone, "Just sitting in bed, waiting for you."

My poor cock begins to stiffen uncomfortably and my foot presses a little harder on the gas pedal. It has been more than a week since we have been together. I ask coyly, "What are you wearing?"

"Oh, next to nothing...just that short, black nightie that you love. Honestly darling, I don't understand why you like it so much. I can never keep it on for more than a minute."

"Do you mean the see-through one with the matching thong?"

"Ooops! I think I forgot to put on the thong."

"Oh! You are such a naughty girl."

"Please hurry home, darling. I don't know how much longer I can wait. I am already getting wet."

My swollen cock is threatening to punch a hole in my slacks. I ask breathlessly, "What were you thinking about before I called, naughty girl?"

There is another pause, and then a throaty whisper, "I was thinking about how much I love to suck your big cock."

The throbbing in my groin is quickly becoming unbearable. "Oh baby, you know how wet that makes you. Mmmm, I can't wait to get there and taste your sweet pussy."

"Oh darling, please hurry. I painted my lips a special, deep shade of red just so they would look extra sexy when I wrap my lips around your cock." suddenly, I hear a rustle and a soft moan.

"What are you doing now, baby?"

"Mmmmm, slurp, slurp. I am sucking on my toy, practicing for when you get here."

"Are you pretending it is me?"

"Mmmmm, hmmmm. Slurp, slurp..."

"And what is that doing to your sweet pussy?"

"Oh god darling, it's so wet. Mmmmm, I just tasted myself."

I am beginning to realize that if I don't get off this call soon, I am going to have to pull over and get some relief. But I just can't hang up.

"Are you there, darling?" She asks.

"Yes baby, I am here."

"Is your cock big and hard? Is it ready for me?"

"Oh yes! It is definitely ready. Nice and hard."

"Mmmmmm, slurp, slurp... just the way I like it. I can't wait to slide my tongue all around the fat head. You always taste sooooo goooood!"

"Oh god," I moan weakly into the headset. "Tell me what else you want to do."

"I want to slide it deeper and deeper into my mouth until it tickles my tonsils. Gulp, slurp, slurp, gulp."

"Oh god baby, what was that?"

She gasps, "I slid my toy down into my throat, just the same as I do to your cock. Oh god baby, I am so wet now it is runnind down into my ass."

"Oh fuck baby. I wish I was there right now so I could watch you slide my big hard cock down your throat."

"Ohhhhh, please...mmmmmm, slurp, slurp, gulp!"

"That's it baby, pretend it is me. I can almost feel your hot mouth sucking on my hard cock." The throbbing in my cock is beyond description and my balls are beginning to tighten as well.

"Mmmmm, hmmmm...slurp, slurp..."

"Now I am getting close. Too close. Spread your legs for me baby..."

"Ahhhhh, you feel so big inside my tight pussy."

"That's right baby, fuck my big cock.Feel it slamming into you over and over again..." I am so into it now that I can feel her tight pussy squeezing my throbbing cock as I thrust myself into her again and again.

"Oh god! Oh Joe! Ohhhh!"

"Harder and faster, can you feel my cock plunging deep inside you?"

"Yes! Yes! Ooooooooooooh, yessssssssss! I'm cumming baby! Ohhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhh!'

Suddenly, I feel a warm gush flow from the end of my throbbing cock and coat the inside of my under shorts. I gasp and pant into the phone, barely maintaining control of the car as a second jet pulses into my already messy groin. When I manage to pull myself back to the present, I can hear nothing but her rapid breathing. A moment later she says, "Mmmm that was a good warm up but I still want the real thing. Please hurry darling."

I look down at the speedometer and see that I am doing over 100 mph. I ease up on the throttle and then notice that I have only thirty miles to go. It's just enough time for my spent cock to recover. "I'll be there soon, baby. Keep your motor running."