 When my wife and I had our first baby in January we faced a tough decision about the care of our newborn son. We knew that we wanted one of us to be home with the child every day and not just dump him on a day care provider. But who should be the one to stay home. We both had good jobs but, to be honest, Donna's income was more than mine and her position offered greater opportunity for advancement. I didn't like it but it made sense for me to stay home and raise our family.

I soon found myself caught up in the day-to-day routine of caring for Bobby and keeping the house in order. I actually started to like it. Donna loved coming home to clean house, a hot meal and a loving husband and son. The support we gave her at home allowed her to concentrate on work and rapidly climb the corporate ladder. Life was wonderful.

As the weather got nicer in the spring I got restless to get outside. On nice days I would rush to finish the cleaning and laundry so I could strap Bobby into the stroller and cruise down to the park for some fresh air. It was on these park strolls that I began to meet some of the other caregivers in the area with their children. It was no surprise to me that all the other stay at home "moms" were women. What was a surprise was that some of them were very attractive ladies. We would sit around on the park benches and talk while the older kids played and the younger ones slept in their strollers. While there were always different moms at the playground at different times, I somehow managed to arrive at the same time every day as Lynda, one of the good looking ones, who lived two doors down from us. Lynda's daughter, Cindy, was the same age as Bobby so we had a lot in common and never lacked for things to talk about.

Lynda had short, dark hair and a knock out body. She had long, thin legs that ended in a round butt that just begged to be squeezed. Her breasts were not very large – probably a B cup, but the whole package was very enjoyable to look at.

One day I was coming out the door heading to the park when a dark cloud come over and it started to rain. As I started turned to go back in the house I saw that Lynda was also headed back to her house. I really started to come down hard.

"Lynda" I yelled. "Come on inside my house. You'll be soaked by the time you get to yours."

She realized I was right and ran up the driveway and started to struggle up the steps with Cindy in the stroller. "Let me help," I offered and bent down to give her a hand.

It was then that I noticed her top had already gotten very wet and I could see right through it to her bra-covered tits. They weren't real big but her nipples were pushing out at least an inch. I love large nipples on a woman and I started to feel my cock begin to stiffen. It was then that I realized we still had to get Cindy in the house so I concentrated on lifting the stroller up the steps. 

When we got everybody settled inside she said, "Thanks, Ken. You're a lifesaver. I never would have made it to my house. I'm soaked as it is." While we transferred the kids to the playpen, I reached over, grabbed one of Donna's tops from the clean laundry basket on the floor and handed it to her. "Here, put this on so you won't catch your death of cold. The bathroom is right over there. Then we can put your shirt in the dryer."

"Thanks, again" she said. "I am feeling chilled." She took the top from me and walked towards the bathroom door. As she did, I took the time to admire her rear end. It was rounded and firm like she worked out a lot. That is something else I like in a woman – a nice, tight, fuckable butt. This little situation was really starting to get interesting. When she entered the bathroom she shut the door but didn't notice that the latch was broken and the door remained open a crack. As I watched she pulled the top over her head and exposed her breasts covered only by the wet bra. Again, my cock started to get hard. I guess she wanted to dry the bra too because she reached behind her back and unsnapped it and let it fall from her shoulders. Now I had a raging hard on.

Her tits were beautiful. Even though they weren't real big they were bulging because they were full of milk for Cindy. The longest, hardest nipples I had ever seen topped them. They were made for sucking and I decided then that I would find out what it felt like to nurse on those babies. She pulled Donna's top over her head and came out of the bathroom. 

"Where's your dryer?" she asked. "I'll just pop these in and they'll be dry in no time"

"It's in the kitchen." I replied trying hard to conceal the boner in my shorts as she headed for the kitchen.

She came back in the living room and we sat on the sofa and talked. I tried not to look at those beautiful tits and concentrated on looking in her eyes while we talked but I couldn't get the vision of her tits out of my mind. The kids played in the playpen for a while but both got tired and fell asleep.

"Damn!" Lynda said. " I was hoping Cindy wouldn't fall asleep so soon." When I inquired why, She replied that she wanted to feed her and relieve some of the pressure in her boobs. "It's been 6 hours since she last fed and they're really full now. It's actually painful." Being the gentleman that I am I offered, "Is there anything I can do to help?" That was when she noticed the bulge between my legs.

"Well, there is something you could do but I'm really embarrassed to ask." She looked at me with a shy grin.

"Don't be silly," I replied. "I'll be happy to do anything I can."

"When I'm home and they get like this the only thing that helps is for my husband to suck out some of the excess milk. I've tried squeezing them and using a pump but it just doesn't work. Someone sucking them is the only thing that seems to help." She lowered her eyes to my crotch and saw that my cock was almost bursting out of my shorts. When she ran the tip of her tongue around the outside of her lips, I knew I was in.

I reached over and lifted the bottom edge of Donna's top up so that her tits were uncovered and exposed to my hungry eyes. With my other hand I started to massage her left breast. Lynda's head leaned back against the couch and she moaned, "That feels very good, Ken."

I leaned in and licked a drop of milk that had formed on the end of her extended nipple. I savored the sweetness on my tongue for a second and then sucked the whole tip of her breast into my hungry mouth. When I got about half of it in I started to suck like a baby. I felt a shiver run through Lynda as she pressed her body into the back of the couch. Her milk began to flood my mouth and I began to swallow. It was actually very tasty. After a couple of mouthfuls I switched to the other breast. I didn't want to drain her totally; I just wanted to relieve the pressure. 

Lynda was clearly getting turned on because she reached down and started to rub her pussy through her jeans. When I noticed this I let my hand slide down over her belly and started to undo the button above her zipper. When she didn't stop me I felt bolder and reached in under her panties and started to caress her soft mound. Her pussy was really starting to get wet as she let a moan escape from her mouth. I continued to press my hand down her pants until I was able to insert my finger into her cunt. She started to lift her butt up off the couch and grind her pussy into my hand. I continued to finger her and at the same time rubbed her clit with my thumb. After a minute she started to shake and cried out, "Oh my Goddddd!!!!."

I released her tit from my mouth and removed my hand from her pant to wipe the excess milk off my chin.

"Feel better?" I asked.

"Perfect" she replied and she reached out and started to rub my cock through my shorts. "How about if I help you release some pressure now?"

With that she sat up and tugged at the waistband of my shorts. My raging member sprang free and she knelt in front of me and started licking the large purple head. She proceeded to stroke me with her hand and lick up and down the underside of my cock. The incredible feeling caused a drop of precum to form at the tip. She gobbled this up and slowly engulfed me with her mouth. I couldn't believe that I was looking down at my gorgeous neighbor sucking my cock. I could see past her chin and look at her cone shaped tits with the huge nipples swinging free below. I reached down and started to massage them. This caused a moan to escape from her lips as she forced the full length of my cock into her throat. Donna could never take the whole 10" length into her mouth so this was a new experience for me. It's a great feeling to have a girl's chin resting on your balls and her nose buried in your pubic hair.

"If you keep that up I'm going to explode," I croaked in a weak voice.

"That's exactly what I want," she replied as she let the head slip out of her mouth. 

She then crammed my cock back into her mouth and slid all the way down to my balls. She pulled back until just the head was still in and plunged back down. I could feel the sides of her throat squeeze my cock as she tried to swallow while I was deep in her. She started to move up and down as I continued to knead her tits. I couldn't believe how good it felt to be fucking my neighbor's throat. As she pulled her lips up my shaft the mucous and saliva from her throat coated me and dripped down coating my ball and pubic area. I started to feel my balls tighten and knew that I was about to explode.

"I'm going to cummmmmm!" I screamed. She then went all the way down so her face was pressed into my belly and my balls were tickling her chin.

"Oh fuck!!!!!" I moaned and released the largest load of cum I ever produced into her throat. Blast after blast continued to hit the back her tonsils as she struggled to swallow and keep up the flow. I heard her gag and she finally pulled back off my cock as the last spurt flew from the tip and landed on her face. This dripped off her chin and down onto her huge nipple. I've never been so excited in my life.

"I've never had anyone give me that much cum," she croaked as my cock began to soften. When she opened her mouth to speak I could see the strings of my cum run from her top lip to the bottom one. I reached down and pulled her up to me and kissed her passionately. When I forced my tongue into her mouth I could taste my own cum. She then used her tongue to push my cum into my mouth and I swallowed it hungrily. 

"That was incredible." I said as our lips parted. 

I looked down at her and could see her jeans unsnapped and the white of her panties showing through her open zipper. I pushed her back on the couch and kneeled in front of her and removed her jeans and underwear. When I pulled them off her feet I looked up and saw the most beautiful shaved pussy I'd ever seen. She spread her legs apart and I started to kiss my way up her thighs. When I got to the top I slowly circled her pussy lips with my tongue. As she got more excited the moisture began to flood out of her cunt. I lapped this up and continued to work on her pussy. I spread her lips apart and sucked in her clit, which was sticking out like a finger. Huge nipples and a huge clit – God, I loved this woman's body. As I moved her clit around in my mouth she started to hump me and I inserted my middle finger all the way into her cunt. She continued to pour liquid out of her hole and onto my face and fingers.

"That's it….. suck my pussy. Godddd, it feels so fucking good."

I pulled my mouth off her and reached down and grabbed her behind her knees and pushed her legs up so her feet were up in the air and her knees were next to her head. This exposed not only her shaved pussy but also her beautiful anus, which was also covered in her cum. I lowered my head back down to her clit and started to rub her asshole with my thumb.

"Nobody's ever done that to me but it really feels fucking good." she screamed. "Shove that finger in my ass now! I'm cummmmmming!!!"

I was more than happy to oblige and shoved my thumb into her puckered hole up to the second knuckle. I thought she was going to explode. She started bucking up and down and I could barely keep my mouth on her clit as moisture gushed out of her pussy like water from a faucet. Her asshole was squeezing my thumb so hard I thought it would cut off the circulation. To save my thumb I started moving it in and out in a fucking motion.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh… I can't believe how fucking good that feels. I'm still cummmmmmming. Fuuuuuuck this is great!!!!" she screamed.

Her body went stiff and she let a huge sigh escape from her lips and I could tell the sensation was beginning to subside. "I've never had an orgasm like that in my life." She said as she looked down at me with her fluid covering my face and hands. "We're going to have to have the kids play together more often." she said and smiled at me.

"I could see it becoming an everyday play group." I replied as we both slumped down exhausted onto the couch.