 Hailey dropped into the seat on the subway with a sigh. "What a shitty day," she thought, dropping her head back against the handbar. She closed her eyes, trying to remember exactly how many times her boss had yelled at her today. When she had reached six, she felt the train pull into the next station, and the person beside her stood up. She opened her eyes and watched the old lady hobble off onto the platform. As the doors started to close, she saw an attractive man running to jump aboard. He made it just in time, stood for a moment while the train started moving, then looked around for a seat. His eyes met hers for a moment, then he moved to take the seat next to hers. 

He was tall and thin, with short dark hair, brown eyes, and a goatee. As he brushed past her, he said, "Excuse me," and she noticed his straight, white teeth. He wore a white tee shirt with dark jeans and looked like he was in his late twenties. 

He sat with his legs spread wide, his left knee lightly touching her right. He crossed his arms and stared straight ahead. 

Hailey had begun fantasizing about the man as soon as he sat down next to her and began trying to find a way to get him to talk to her. As luck would have it, the lights began to flicker, and the train jolted quickly to a stop. She grabbed his arm to catch her balance, and he reached out with his other hand to steady her. 

Everything was quiet for a moment, then the train began moving again. 

"Sorry," Hailey said with a smile as she disengaged herself.

"That's ok," he smiled back. "Kind of a surprise, huh?"

"Yeah, it happens from time to time."

"Well, it's a good thing I was here," he said.

"Why?"

"Well, you could have been sitting next to that guy," he pointed to a scruffy looking older man whose face threatened murder should anyone approach him.

"I guess you're right," Hailey laughed. "Thanks for sitting next to me." 

"Anytime," he replied. "I'm Matt, by the way."

"Hailey."

"You looked almost as angry as him when I got on. I'm glad to see you're not homicidal." Was he flirting with her? He was. 

"Just a rough day," she told him. 

"I know what you mean," he said. 

"Why? Did you have a bad day, too?"

"Not really, just boring."

"What do you do?"

"I teach English at NYU, but it's summer break, and I'm not teaching this summer. Just bumming around."

"Oh, so you're the young, hot professor that all the girls want, huh?" Now she was the one flirting.

"I don't know about that," he laughed.

"Don't worry, it's true," she assured him.

"What do you do?" he asked. 

"I write for one of those silly teenage girl magazines. I hate it, but you have to get experience somewhere."

"Yeah, I guess."

They pulled up to her station. "Listen," she said as she stood up. "This is my stop. Do you want to come have a drink with me, give your day a little excitement?"

He laughed, standing to follow her. "I was going to ask you the same thing." 

"We'll just stop by my apartment so I can change," she said. 

"Why? You look great."

"Thanks, but this," she looked down at her beige suit, "doesn't really go with that," she looked at his outfit. 

"Whatever you want," he said as they stepped off the train.

***

"If you could sleep with any celebrity, who would it be?" 

Hailey laughed at his question. "I don't know! Maybe...Paul Newman?"

"Paul Newman now, or Paul Newman in 1958?" Matt asked.

"Does it matter?" she giggled.

"Of course, now just pick one!"

"I guess Paul Newman in 1958," she said. "How about you?"

"Oh, definitely Paul Newman in 1958," he replied.

"No!" she shouted with laughter. "Which celebrity would you sleep with?"

"Besides Paul Newman? I'd go with Natalie Portman, probably."

"Good choice—smart, interesting, and pretty." 

"Sounds like somebody I know," he grinned.

"Oh, yeah? Is it your girlfriend?" she teased.

"Not yet," he slid a bit closer to her in the booth, "But I'm working on that."

She grinned back at him. "Ask me another question," she said.

"Ok...what would you do if I kissed you right now?"

"Is that hypothetical?" she asked, leaning a bit closer to him.

He leaned in until his lips almost touched hers. "Maybe..." She pressed her lips gently against his, gasping slightly as he increased the pressure. He pulled her closer against him as he sucked gently on her lower lip, and she moaned quietly, lifting her face to look into his eyes.

"I guess that answers that question," she grinned, and he could see the lust in her eyes.

"Let's get out of here," he said, and they quickly went to pay the bill. They walked quickly back to her apartment, and he sat on the couch as she poured two glasses of wine.

As she sat next to him, he moved closer to pick up where they had left off. "Wait," she said. "Do you have a girlfriend, wife, fuckbuddy?"

He laughed. "No, I'm single. Completely free of any such entanglements. You?"

"Same." She smiled, setting her wine on the table, and taking his glass to set next to hers. She slid into his lap, straddling his legs. "Do you do this often?" She asked, leaning in to kiss him.

"What, kiss beautiful women?" His hands ran up and down her back as he took her earlobe in his mouth.

"Pick up random women." 

"You grabbed me," he reminded her. "And this is your apartment."

"Answer the question."

"No. The last time I had any sort of action was almost a year ago, when I broke up with my girlfriend."

"Why did you break up?"

"Listen," he pushed her back. "I don't want to think about her right now. I'm here with you, and I want to enjoy every moment."

"Ok." She smiled. "I haven't had sex in over a year, either."

"I didn't ask."

"You were wondering, though."

"Well. I guess we both need this."

"I guess so."

"It doesn't hurt that I'm incredibly attracted to you," he added.

"That's never a bad thing."

He pulled her close again, stroking her face as he kissed her gently, holding her to him as he deepened the kiss. She moaned as he slid his tongue against hers, teased it, tempted it to follow it back into his own mouth, where he sucked on it gently. 

Her hands rubbed his chest and arms, exploring his muscles as her hips pressed harder against his. She could feel his cock begin to harden as he moved her hips back and forth against him, and he moaned as he realized what she was doing. 

He had to see her tits, and began tugging her tee shirt over her head. She smiled and helped, and her long blonde hair cascaded as it was freed from the shirt. Her bra was white and lacy, and he ran his thumbs over her already-hard nipples before moving to undo the clasp. He loved front-closing bras, as opening them up was distinctly like opening a favorite book: the covers open to reveal the treasure inside. This time was no exception. As he pulled the bra open, he grinned in delight at the two perfect breasts, capped with hard, rosy buds. He tossed the bra to the floor and hungrily sucked one nipple into his mouth, his hand kneading the other firm mound. 

She moaned happily as he suckled her, rubbing harder against his crotch as he teased her nipple with his tongue. He switched tits, sucking and licking the dry one and pinching her wet nipple between his fingers. 

She pulled back slightly, moving her hands to unbutton her jeans. "Too much fabric," she moaned, pushing them down. He eagerly reached out to help her, pulling her back astride him when she kicked them off. "I want your skin on my tits," she moaned, pushing his shirt up. 

He took it off and tossed it, pulling her against him as he kissed her lips and neck. 

Her nipples grazed against his chest as she began riding him through their clothes, and his hands firmly gripped her ass, his thumbs sliding under the waistband of her lacy white thong. He began thrusting up against her, pushing his throbbing cock against her cunt. 

She moaned into his ear, "I'm not sure why they call this ‘dry humping.' I'm awfully wet."

"I'd better take a look," he said. She slid off of him as he began standing up, and as she took his place on the couch, he knelt in front of her. He rubbed her cunt through the fabric of her thong, and then pulled the thong down. 

She lifted her ass so that he could slide it off, and as soon as she sat back down, he spread her pussylips with his fingers. He rubbed his thumb gently over her clit, watching her juices drip out of her, and then buried his face in her pussy. He licked up and down, thrusting his tongue into her dripping hole. He moved back up to suck on her clit as he began fucking her with his middle finger. 

She loved the feel of his facial hair rubbing against her and began humping his hand and face. She moaned in protest as he pulled away. 

"I want you to ride my face," he explained, lying back on the floor. She immediately straddled his face, reaching forward as he'd hoped to unbutton his jeans. She freed his cock, sucking the head into her mouth as she pumped the base with her hand. 

He sucked firmly on her clit, teasing it with his tongue, as she bobbed her head up and down his cock. He teased her asshole with his finger before pushing two fingers into her cunt. 

"You're so tight," he moaned as she increased ministrations on his cock. He was now thrusting up as best he could into her mouth as she slammed her pussy back against his hand and mouth. Just as he was about to come, she pulled away.

"Come on my titties," she begged, lying next to him. She rubbed her clit with one hand as he got on his knees and jerked himself onto her, spraying her tits and face. She moaned, rubbing the cum into her skin with her free hand, and when he was finished, he moved his face back to her clit, sucking and licking until she came, too. 

After a few minutes, she got up. "I'm going to take a quick shower while you recuperate," she told him, padding off to the bathroom. He heard the water start and lay there for a few minutes until curiosity got the better of him. He followed her steps into the bathroom, waiting for a moment before pushing the curtain open.

"I'll be ready a lot sooner if I can watch you," he grinned, already starting to get hard at the sight of the nude, soapy woman. 

She grinned back, gesturing for him to sit. He had to admit that she was beautiful. 5'4", she was about 120 pounds, and most of that was tits and ass. She had a tiny waist that flared out into a perfect round ass in one direction and large, round tits in the other. If he had to guess, she was probably a 34 D. Long, blonde hair and dark blue eyes completed her perfect face.

She poured some soap into her hand and began rubbing it on her tits and stomach. Her eyes were closed as she moved her hands down toward her pussy. She put one foot on the edge of the bathtub, giving him a perfect view of a perfect pink cunt. 

After getting more soap, she began rubbing her hands all over her cunt before focusing on her clit. As she rubbed in firm, efficient little circles, he pulled his pants off and began stroking his cock. He could see the juices dripping out of her cunt and wanted to fuck her then, but he wanted even more to see her get herself off. 

Before long, she did just that, moaning loudly as her whole body began to shudder. Afraid she would slip, he reached around her to turn off the water and picked her up. 

He carried her to the bedroom, tossing her onto the bed, where she lay quietly as he looked around. He picked up a long scarf and carried it to the bed. Tying one of her hands with one end, he looped it around a bedpost before securing her other hand. He pulled her body diagonally across the bed so that her arms were loosely above her head. 

"This will be better when we go to my place," he assured her, and she laughed. He climbed over her, straddling her face. "Suck my balls," he ordered, dropping them into her waiting mouth. 

As she gently licked and sucked his balls, his cock danced above her face. Finally, he couldn't take it any more and moved down her body. He lifted her legs over her head, then slid his cock into her tight pussy. 

"Ohhhhh...you feel so good," he moaned as he pumped gently in and out until he was completely in her. He rested there for a moment, breathing hard as his cock was gripped firmly by her cunt. After a minute, he began fucking her quickly, pounding down into her forcefully. 

She was moaning and squirming, trying to free her hands to touch him, squeezing her cunt around him to distract the complete concentration of sensation from her pussy, but she was helpless. She could only moan and roll back and forth with the force of his body. 

He moved her legs, dropping them on either side of him, and slowed the pace of his hips. He kneaded her tits as he fucked her more gently, making love to her as he'd wanted to do when he first saw her on the train. 

She wrapped her legs around him, growling, "Hard again," into his ear, and he kissed her as he forced his hips against her more firmly. She grunted with every quick, determined thrust, and her tits bounced as he rode her. Her legs pulled him against her, and her hips met his eagerly. 

He raised himself onto his arms, closing his eyes as he concentrated on fucking her as hard as he could. His knees were planted firmly into the bed as only his hips moved back and forth, forcing his cock in and out of her cunt roughly and rapidly. Her grunts had become one continuous moan, and his eyes flew open as he felt his cock begin to twitch. "Can I come in you?" he demanded.

"Fuck, me...Come in me now!" she moaned.

He kissed her and pounded into her even harder, building the rhythm to a climax when, with a shout, he sprayed her cunt with more cum than he had thought possible. He rolled off of her, lying next to her on the bed. 

"Wow," she moaned, panting.

"Yeah," he replied.

"A girl could get used to that," she laughed.

"Good," he said, "Because I can think of at least thirty-five more ways that I want to do that with you."

"Only thirty-five?" she teased.

"Well, you wore me out," he explained, rolling over to kiss her.