 Mrs Brown, You Have A Lovely Niece

"Bobs pool maintenance," I said on the as I picked up the phone on the first ring.

"Hi Bobby," came the sexy, sultry voice of my number one customer.

"Hello Mrs. Brown," I said with a sigh.

She was my favorite customer. At 40, she was just as hot and sexy when she was 20. I've drained my balls down this ladies throat more times then I can count.

"Now Bobby, you know you can call me by my first name."

"Sorry Katie," I apologized, "it's a force of habit. Having problems again?"

"Sadly. The filters acting up again."

"I see. When would you like me to come out?"

"This afternoon would be good."

"Alrighty, I'll see you then."

"Well, actually, I wont be around. I have errands to do. But my niece Jeannie will be here. She'll help you with anything you need."

"Anything?" I asked quizzically .

"Anything," she said in a voice that made my cock ache, and then she hung up the phone.

If Jeannie was anything like her aunt, I was in for one hell of an afternoon.

Noon finally came, and I arrived at Katie's house.

It was a large two story house, with a tall fence that went around the backyard.

I got out of my truck, and grabbed my tool box and headed for the gate. On the other side, I could hear someone diving in the pool. I knocked so I wouldn't surprise her.

"It's the repairman," I announced.

"Come on in, its unlocked."

As I walked in she was getting out of the pool. All I can say is I hit the jackpot.

She was 5'2 with a body that was absolutely stunning.

She was wearing a tiny red bikini that barely contained her melon size breasts. Her belly was flat and smooth with her button pierced by a silver dangling ring. Her skin, milky white. Her long blonde hair done up in corn rows.

As she walked to the lounge chair to pick up her towel, I caught a glimpse of her ass. It was nicely rounded, and heart shaped. barely covered by a thong that rode up her crack. Her back was arched, in that sexy way that absolutely drives me crazy.

"You want me to show you where the problem is?"

"No, that's OK. I know this place well enough." I said with a grin.

"OK, " she smiled sweetly at me, as she walked back to the lounge chair. Kneeling on it and stretching catlike. Arching her back, and making her sweet ass stick high in the air.

She looked back at me to make sure I was watching, then slowly and languidly laid down on her belly to catch some rays.

Coming back to reality, I set off to take a look at the filter. It was only a little clogged, and that was really about it.

Fifteen minutes later, she called me over to the pool side table for a cold glass of ice tea.

I came over and sat down across from her, and sipped the cold drink.

"So how long have you known my aunt?"

"Oh a couple of years now. She's my number one customer."

"So she tells me," she said as her eyes came to rest on the bulge in my shorts.

"She says you service her quite well." she said licking her pouting lips.

"Well, she seems well pleased after I leave."

"So, how old are you?" I asked after a moment of silence.

"Well, by coincidence today is my birthday. I just turned 18. My aunt got me three things. She took me to get my belly button pierced," she said running her fingers over her pieced naval.

"She also bought me this sexy ankle bracelet," she said raising her foot up to show it to me, turning her ankle left and right, and wriggling her toes at me. Sexy doesn't even begin to describe it.

After showing off her anklet, she let her foot rest within inches of my crotch on the seat.

"And the third," I said after a long pause.

"Well," she said stretching her leg out and planting her foot right on my bulging crotch, her toes curling around it massaging it, "it's suppose to come by this afternoon, but I still haven't got it yet."

"Well then," I said smiling, "why don't you come and open it."

Removing her foot from my crotch, she slid off the chair, and onto her knees.

"Umm," she moaned, "I've been waiting for this all day.

"Ooh," she squealed as she freed my cock from its confines, and it popped out fully erect, "thank you Aunt Katie." she said as her hand wrapped possessively around its girth.

I watched in fascination as her tongue darted out tickling my cock from its base to just below the tip. Her eyes watching my reactions

Finally she took the head and put it in her mouth, just sucking on it, creating this delicious pressure.

Then she closed her eyes, and took my cock half way down her throat, using her tongue and lips in unison.

I was absolutely amazed by this young womans oral abilities. She kept this up for quite a bit, pushing me to the edge, only to bring me back down before I reached the point of no return.

"You like that," she said coming up for air, smiling at me. Her one hand gently stroking my cock up and down the shaft, while the other worked my balls.

"Absolutely incredible," I said reaching out to untie her bikini top and free her perfect breasts. Running my hands over there smooth silky surface, pinching her nipples into hard pebbles.

At the same time, she slipped my shorts off, and then went back to stroking my cock.

I stood up then, and took off my shirt, and reaching down I took her by the hands and raised her to her feet.

She took my cock back in her hand, and guided me back to the lounge chair.

When we got there, I bent down, and started kissing her, my hands running up and down her body. Gently, I laid her down on the lounge, moving from her lips, I licked and sucked my way down her belly. making her moan and writhe.

I hooked my fingers in the waist band of bikini bottoms, and began to peel them off. She raised her legs up so I could more easily pull there off.

Her pussy was as bald and hairless as the day of her birth. The lips puffy and opened, her clit descended from its hood begging for attention.

I laid down in front of her wrapping my arm around her hip. I used the hand to pull back the hood, to expose it more, while with the other, I ran the index finger up and down her slit.

"Ooh yeah," she moaned, "ooh that feels so good, lick my clit."

Obligingly, I began licking up and down the ridge, her rising and falling hips trying to get more of my tongue on her. I could feel her juices coating my finger, and slowly inserted one, making her moan and writhe all the more

"Oh god your fingers feel so good inside me, that's it pump me harder," she cried

I continued my assault on her clit, while my fingers pumped at a blinding pace in and out of her sweet young pussy. Her juices tasting sweet as ever.

"Your making me cum," she squealed, "goddamn your fucking tongue, its gonna make me cum!"

Her back arched, and her hips bucked wildly, mashing her clit into my sucking mouth, and tireless tongue.

While her orgasm subsided, I licked my way up her body, stopping at her mouth, and kissing her letting her taste her own juices.

"Uhm," she mewed, "uhm, now stick your cock in my tight little pussy."

Sitting back on my haunches, I took her right leg, and put it over my shoulder. Taking my cock, I ran it up and down her slit teasingly, coating it with the copious juices that where leaking out of her teenage slit.

I then pressed the head to her opening, relishing the smooth wet tightness as it began to yield to me.

Slowly I pushed, inch by inch. The texture of her canal was like the finest of velvet. The feeling was indescribable. The tightness bellying with the freshness of her youth.

She pulled her knees back to her chest allowing me to plunge deeper.

I eased my cock in and out of her at first, allowing her to get use to its length and girth. When she seemed relaxed and ready, leaned over her and rammed it home.

"Oh yeah Bobby, fuck my pussy," she urged, "fuck it hard."

I started pounding in and out of her as quick and as hard as I could. Her pussy making wet squishing noises with every thrust.

"Oh god your cock feels so good," she moaned, "so big so thick."

I could feel her walls begin to spasm around my cock and began to thrust harder.

"Your gonna make me cum," she squealed.

I reached down and strummed her clit with my thumb, and that put her over the edge.

She threw her head back, squeezing her eyes shut, and let out a loud squeal. Her cunt clenched tightly around my thrusting cock, making me stop until she came down from her orgasmic high.

I looked down at her lovingly, her eyes languidly closed, her cheeks flushed with the passion of her bliss, her chest heaving with exertion.

Slowly her eyes opened, and looked up at me. She reached her hands up, locking them around the back of my neck pulling my face closer to her lips, and giving me a furiously passionate kiss. 

She brought her legs down from her chest, and rested them on my hips, using her feet to rub against the back of my thighs.

"Uhm, you got such a nice, thick cock," she purred, "I want to ride it now."

As I pulled out her pussy made an audible wet pop.

I stood up, and gave her my hands to help her stand up. Unsteadily she got to her feet, an l laid down on the lounge.

She climbed on top of me, and squatting over me, she took my cock in one hand, while the other held onto my chest for support, as she guided it to her opening and impaled herself on it.

"Oh god, " she cried as she took it down to the hilt. Her eyes closed, and her head rolled back in ecstasy, "oh shit!"

I started matching her thrust for thrust. Our flesh slapping loudly against each other. I reached up, kneading her breasts. Her hands held onto my chest for support

"Oh my god," she cried as my cock thrust harder faster into her, "your cock feels so good. It fills me up so nicely."

I could feel her cunt begin to spasm and contract wildly. She was on her way to another major orgasm. I began to pick up the pace even more.

"Oh shit, your cocks making me cum again," she cried throwing her head back, "its making me cum!"

She let out a loud wail, and slammed her pussy down hard to the hilt, arching her back, her insides clutching me in an iron like grip. Then as she came back to earth, her cunt relaxed and gently started milking me up and down its length in a delicious rippling effect

Languidly she laid down on top of me, breathing heavily. I rubbed her back soothingly as she lay there.

Crossing her arms on my chest, and resting her chin on them, she looked at me and said, "I want you to cum in my mouth Bobby. I want you to shoot your load down my throat as I suck you dry.

"First, I want to see that incredible ass of yours," I told her.

Smiling down at me, she extracted herself from me, and I got up and laid a towl down on the ground.

She got down on her hand and knees, and looked at me over her shoulder.

"Is this what you wanted to see?" , she asked smiling. Then arching her back, she laid her head down on her crossed arms and wiggled her ass at me.

It was a sight that almost made me shoot my load looking at it.

Getting on my knees behind her, I teasingly rubbed the head up and down her slit, then finally put it to her opening, I pushed halfway in then eased back out till only the head was in.

She looked back at me and began to whimper from me teasing her, her eyes pleading

Watching her reaction, I slid it all the way in making her moan as it filled her inside. Then I resumed pounding away.

Her ass was slamming back into me, she began to buck furiously against me.

I reached down and grabbed a fist full of hair to get better leverage.

She reared up, pressing her back to my chest. I grabbed one of her tits squeezing it, while the other ran down her belly and cupped her pussy, strumming her clit.

She turned her head to the side, allowing me to kiss her. I could feel her body begin to tense up with another orgasm

"Ooh, ooh, ooh!" ,she squealed long and loud. pressing her hand against my strumming fingers and mashing her ass against my hips holding me there.

Slowly I began moving again, and she dropped back down to all fours, arching her back, and looking at me with expectation over her shoulder.

I wasn't going to be able to hold it much longer, and she could sense it. My thrusts where becoming quick and jerky.

"Uhm, I can feel your cock throbbing inside me," she said licking her lips in anticipation

I could feel the cum rising up from my balls, ready to explode. It wouldn't be much longer.

"Cum for me Bobby," she urged, "shoot it down my throat."

"I'm gonna cum," I cried as I couldn't hold out any longer.

In a flash, she pulled off of me and whipped around taking my cock in both her hands, and putting the head in her mouth sucking it while her hands pumped furiously up and down.

I threw my head beck howling in glorious agony as my cock shot jet after jet of cum down her throat. Her sweet hands milking the last drops in her eager mouth.

"Uhm, she purred contentedly as she began to stand up straighter on her knees, pressing her body into mine looking up at me, "now that's a birthday present."

"Like aunt like niece," I said wrapping my arms around her.

"Well," she said giggling, "the pool at my house is always having problems."

"Really?"

"I'll tell Daddy that I highly recommend you, and just by chance, its my best friends birthday next week."

"Definitely like aunt like niece," I thought as we held each other.

Finis