 "Well don't just stand there, sweetie, c'mon in." said Hilary. "You'll catch a cold outside!"

David nervously walked into his neighbour's house. He had been wondering why Hilary had called his mother asking him to help with some DIY. Couldn't Steve, Hilary's husband, do the housework? He wasn't complaining, he liked Hilary. While not as young as most of the girls David knew, she was still good looking for her age, which must be around 35 to 40. She had short light-brown hair, piercing blue eyes and a large smile. He often thought that she must work out, as her body looked firm and her ample breasts could not be any smaller than a D cup. While she never dressed slutty, David often noticed that Hilary wore clothes that most women her age would never dream of, like today; she was wearing a skirt that dropped just above the knees, and a strappy top that generously showed her cleavage. David had often fantasised about his neighbour, although he was content with just having fantasies, Hilary and her husband Steve seemed so happy together.

"What did you need fixing, Mrs Johnston?" asked David.

"Now, dear, you know to call me Hilary." she smiled. "Come sit on the sofa and I'll fill you in."

David sat down on the large, comfortable sofa and made himself comfortable. Hilary sat beside him and pointed at the DVD player,

"We simply cannot get it to work!" she said, "It's proving quite troublesome!"

David got on his knees and bent down to look at it, he started pulling cables out and plugging wires in. Hilary was still sitting on the sofa.

"So sweetie, do you have a girlfriend at the moment?" she asked.

"Uh, no, I haven't had a girlfriend in a few months, Mrs Johnston, I mean, Hilary." he answered. "That is a shame; a strapping young lad like you shouldn't have any trouble finding a nice young lady friend." David was not comfortable with where the conversation was heading, so he shrugged and carried on trying to fix the DVD player. He didn't have trouble finding a girlfriend; there were plenty of girls that wanted to date him. David was looking for something new. He had fucked most of the girls in the area and had got bored with the needy girls who all acted the same in bed. They would all act alike at first, promising him plenty of great things, but they'd all also end the same. With David often having to give oral and not receive, and then have boring sex, mostly with the lights out, as the girls he had been with were all so shy with their bodies. He wanted a woman who knew what she wanted, a woman who enjoyed her body and sharing her body with others.

"I think I've nearly got it fixed, Hilary." David said.

He did not hear a reply but heard her walking towards him. She slid her hands over his shoulders and rubbed them.

"My, you have done a good job." She said, continuing to rub his shoulders.

David stuttered, "Well, I, uh, thanks, it was, er, nothing."

She rubbed harder, using her palms and digging deep,

"You did so well; I bet you're good at fixing all kinds of things, aren't you?"

David was stunned, was his neighbour making a pass at him? What about her husband? No, she can't be, he had watched too many porno's, she was just being friendly. 

You know, David, I'm pretty good with my hands as well." Hilary said seductively, while sliding her hands down to her young neighbour's crotch.

David jumped upright. "wh..what are you doing?" he asked.

Hilary giggled and looked him square in the eyes, "what do you think I'm doing?"

"What about Mr Johnston?"

Hilary smiled and said "Mr Johnston's DIY skills aren't as good as they used to be, now sit on the sofa." He did as he was told and watched in amazement as Hilary removed her top, right in front of him. Her body was better than he had imagined her stomach flat and firm, and her breasts looked incredible wrapped in a satin red bra. She reached down to her skirt and unclipped it before letting it drop and kicked it aside, she was wearing a sexy red thong that matched her bra. Her legs seemed longer now that her skirt was off and her bum looked firmer than her stomach. She stood for a few moments to let the young man take everything in.

"Do you like what you see?" she asked.

"Oh yes, very much so."

"Good, follow me upstairs, David, and I'll take the rest off."

She winked as she walked upstairs, leaving David to scramble to his feet, trying to hide his rapidly rising cock.

She ordered David onto the bed; he lay down, his now huge erection forming a sizable bulge in his pants.

"I want to see it." Hilary said, nodding at his penis. David slowly pulled his trousers down, and then his pants, letting his cock spring to attention.

"Oh my, it is big! Do you know how big exactly?"

"No, not exactly." Hilary opened a draw, pulled out a measuring tape, and put it alongside the cock in front of her.

"9 inches!" she exclaimed. "I've never seen one so big!" David was pleased that Hilary liked his cock, his previous girlfriends had all been scared of it at first, but once they had gotten used to the large member, they loved it. David had received many calls from ex-girlfriends wanting to have just one more night with him, because their new boyfriends just could not compare. It was rarely just one night, however.

Hilary kneeled on the bed and took the large cock in her mouth, making her young neighbour gasp as her warm mouth worked its magic. Her tongue swirled around his veiny shaft and a hand had reached to play with his swollen balls. He felt Hilary's lips work their way down his dick. Was she...? She was, she was going to deep-throat him, all 9 inches! It felt glorious to have every inch covered by her warm, wet mouth. He wondered how many cocks she had to suck to become this good, she was now bobbing her head up and down the tip of his dick while she used her other hand to jerk him off. He didn't notice her take her bra off and nearly jumped when he felt two huge globes surround his organ. Hilary pushed her breasts together around the young cock and gave the lad a tit-wank, his first tit-wank. He was in heaven, he felt the familiar twinge in his cock, the tightening of his balls, he whispered,

"I'm going to...!" but it was too late, he groaned as his cock erupted all over Hilary's chest, chin and face. Big gobs of thick cum spurt all over her and she rubbed it into her skin, before licking her fingers and smiling.

"My, what a big load you have for me!" David looked shocked, he pulled up his pants and trousers and started to get up, Hilary put her hands on his chest,

"Where are you going, sweetie? I'm not finished with you yet."

"I've got to, uh, use the bathroom, Mrs. Johnst...Hilary." He got up and rushed to the bathroom, leaving Hilary to lie on the bed, a big grin over her face.