 I sit at the bar right leg crossed over the left nursing a beer. It is getting late and I should be heading home, but I stay longer. After 5 minutes I see a shadow fall over me. I look up into the bluest eyes I have ever seen. 

"Hey there! Is this place any good?" he asks.

"That depends on what you're looking for." I answer with a coy look.

And with that he sits down on the seat next to me. I can't help but look from the curve of muscles in his leg, up to the bulge nestled between his legs. I catch the devious look in his eye as he notices my observations.

After about a half an hour of small talk, I announce that I really should be heading home. And he walks me out the door. As I'm hailing a cab, he says "Why don't I just drive you home."

I pause for a moment, "Sounds good I answered" following him down the sidewalk. I wonder how long it will take to get to his vehicle. I steal glances at him out of the corner of my eye. He is even better looking outside of the dim lights of the bar. I like the boyish grin that he gives me as he tells me we are almost there.

She followed him into a parking garage and up the stairs to the top level, then over to a small minivan parked over in the far corner. As they walk she notices that the lot is empty at this hour of night. The reach the van and she stands near the door waiting for him to open it. Instead his hands find her face and he is pressing her against the door kissing her savagely. A small whimper escapes as I dissolve into the kiss. I feel his hands slide down my neck and find my breasts. He kneads them until the nipples are hard, and slowly and deliberately they find their way under my shirt and into my bra. I gasp as his fingers roll my nipple between them firmly. The pain shoots straight to my cunt and I feel my clit tingle. I am lost now. Before I know it his hands are in my panties under my skirt. I am wet and ready as his fingers slide all the way in. His thumb starts to rotate over my rock hard clit, his fingers working their magic inside me. At the same time his mouth is devouring me from my lips to my breasts. Suddenly he bites my nipple and I cum all over his hand. I experience the infamous female ejaculation and squirt all over. 

I suddenly drop to my knees, fumbling with his belt. I finally reach my goal and his penis springs to attention right in front of my waiting mouth. I lick my lips and gently kiss the tip. Then I start to lick all the way from the bottom of the shaft all the way to the tip. I let my tongue dance along the head tickling the soft opening. Then I take him all in my mouth, all the way to the hilt. He groans and grabs my hair, forcing me farther onto him. I start to swirl my tongue up his length as I slowly release his dick from my mouth, sucking the whole time. I repeat this and then start to add my hand, letting it follow the pattern of my mouth. I feel his tense up and I increase my tempo. He is cumming in my mouth. I try to swallow but there is too much. It spills out of my mouth and onto my exposed breasts. He falls back onto the side of the van and smiles at me. He offers me his hand and helps me to his feel. He opens the sliding door and reaches inside and retrieves a damp cloth. 

"Wet one?" he asks

I smile back at him, "you do think of everything, don't you?"

"I try" he shrugs, 

I kiss him on the lips and say to my husband, "This was fun; I can't wait to see what is going to happen when we get home."

He grins back at me. "Well I guess we should get going and find out."

We drive off towards our house and I smile to myself that after 10 years of marriage we still manage to find ways to excite each other.