 It had been nearly a week since David had seen Hilary. He had been thinking about her a lot and wished he could see her. She told him that she would call him as it was too risky for him to call her. He thought about what had happen that Saturday afternoon, the amazing blow-job, her fantastic breasts, her arse, she was so different to any other woman he had fucked before. He could feel his dick get hard just thinking about her. He reached down and unclipped his trousers, grabbed his cock and pulled it out. He had to admit even he was amazed by it sometimes, he had always been proud of it in school, especially in the showers. Word soon spread about his huge dong and he was soon talked about by many of the girls, some even propositioning him behind the sheds and giving him his first taste of oral sex. His thoughts were interrupted by his phone, he could see it was Hilary and answered swiftly. They exchanged pleasantries before Hilary asked, 

"So, have you been thinking of me, Sweetie?"

"Yes, every day." 

"And every night?" she giggled.

"Yes, he said shyly." he wasn't sure if she was suggesting that he's been masturbating a lot since their time together, but it was true nonetheless. Every night since Saturday he had laid in bed, fisting his meat thinking of Hilary's mouth, her breasts, her cunt. He asked her a question that was playing on his mind,

"How did you know I would be a good shag, Hilary? You could have picked any guy in the street, why me?" She laughed and said,

"Well your mother and I talk, David, she always tells me about the girls you bring back home. Her and your father often sit downstairs and can't help but hear the muffled screams coming from your room. She is sometimes annoyed by it, but can't help but be proud." David was mortified, he was sure he had kept his lovers quiet in the past. It must have been Leah, a girl he'd meet at college. She was possibly the most stunning girl that had been in his bed, and he thought that because she was slightly older than him, at 23, she would be adventurous in bed. But sure enough, once David had pleasured her orally for half an hour, she just wanted him to put his 'porno cock', as she called it, into her pussy. She even told him to do it missionary, which he hated, it was so boring. He knew his parents were in but they both couldn't wait, and although he stifled her screams with a pillow, she must have been loud enough for them to hear. 

"So...so my mum let you have sex with me?" He asked nervously.

"No, no, she must not know about what happened, no one can know. I just thought that I would regret it if I lived in the same street as a stud and did nothing about it!" David was relieved.

"I was just thinking about you." he said.

"Oh really, did you touch yourself?" she asked inquisitively.

"Yes, I still am." Hilary sat upright,

"So you have that lovely cock in your hands right now?"

"Yes, I'm gripping it and stroking it softly, thinking of you." the young boy said. Hilary squirmed in her seat, she wanted a repeat performance of last weeks meeting.

"Open the front door to your house, sit back on your sofa and continue masturbating, I shall be there in two minutes." She hung up on him, looked in the mirror and walked out the door.

David was shocked, but did as he was told, leaving the door open ever so slightly and sitting back in the sofa, masturbating as he thought of the pleasure he was about to get. He heard the door creaking open and saw Hilary poke her head into the lounge,

"Well, what have we here?" she laughed. "I see you've been enjoying yourself!" David smiled and looked Hilary up and down,

"You look great today." he said.

"Thank you, now take your hands off of your penis and put them by your side." He looked at his neighbour and did as he was told. The skirt Hilary was wearing wasn't very long and she made it even shorter as she pulled it up to show David she wasn't wearing any panties. He stared at her sweet pussy and grabbed his cock, jerking it frantically. Hilary snapped at him

"I told you to keep your hands by your side, young man!" David grumbled but he saw Hilary's stern face and did as he was told. She took off the skirt and threw it aside. David watched as she walked over to him, he was ready for her to sit on his cock but instead she stood across him on the sofa and guided him down so his face was directly beneath her glistening cunt. She took his hands and placed them on her firm, round arse and told him to keep them there as she lowered herself onto his face. He instinctively stuck his tongue out and she sighed deeply as it made contact with her pussy lips, pushing them apart and exploring her pink love hole, his hands gripped her bum cheeks and pulled her towards him as he found her clit, and began to circle it. He remembered something that one of his friends had told him about spelling out the alphabet with your tongue, so he tired it. He couldn't help but grin as the older lady wriggled and writhed on his face. He was halfway through 'o' when he felt Hilary beginning to buck her hips into the young man's face. He did an 'o' motion with his tongue just as Hilary hit her big 'O'. Cumming heavily into David's mouth as his tongue played blissfully with her erect clit. She tasted wonderful and the young lad lapped up every drop as she shakily slid into his arms. The two lovers shared a sloppy kiss and Hilary tasted herself as her tongue played with David's.

Hilary could feel the stiff rod that was resting against her thigh move slowly up her leg, she wasn't going to let him inside her that easy, she shut her legs, giggling to herself as the randy boy groaned and started humping her leg like a horny dog. She got up and stood in front of him, looking at his erect pole standing tall. She wanted to feel it inside her so much. But not yet, she had to control herself. She bent over fully to pick up her clothes so she could put them aside. David gasped. He loved her arse, it was incredible. Hilary knew this and backed her firm bottom slowly against his crotch. David grabbed her hips and was about to slid in when she snapped at him.

"What did I say! No touching, young man!"

"Hilary, please, I'm so stiff it hurts!"

She grazed her arse cheeks against his hard-on before turning around to face him. The look of desperation in his eyes was priceless. It had been a long time since a man had looked at her with such lust. She knelt between his legs and with her mouth just inches from his rod, she simply slid her tongue out and grazed the tip of it, making it squirm. She moved her body further up, her nipples purposefully grazed his cock head and made it jump some more. Just as David was about to grumble she put her arms around his neck and hovered her pussy over his prick. She whispered softly in his ear,

"Do you want me?"

"Yes, fuck, yes, I want you so fucking much." he replied enthusiastically. She brushed her pubic hairs against the tip, ever so slowly taking the head into her slit, he sighed deeply and tried to lift his hips to slid further in but she raised her hips to match his advances.

"Put your hips back down." She said sternly. He did as he was told. She lowered her mouth to his ear and simply said, "You may touch me. You may fuck me." That was all he needed. He let out a deep, loud groan as his aching cock slid deep into the wet cunt he had wanted so much, he had to hold her arse tightly so she didn't fall off from him, as his cock rocketed in and of the wet slit. She was so tight, so wet. He had been in her for a mere two minutes before he felt a twinge in his balls and he shouted loudly,

"Oh fuck!"

His cock spasmed violently and his body shook beyond his control as he shot a big, warm load into Hilary's waiting cunt. She loved the look of surprise on his face turn to pure bliss as he had the best orgasm of his life. He lay back on the sofa, drained. Hilary planted soft kisses on his neck and it was a while before he came to his senses.

"Oh my god, I, I came so quick. I'm so sorry Hilary, I just, I..."

She cut him off right there.

"That's fine, sweetie, I didn't expect anything less and it's partially my own fault for teasing you so damn much."

Hilary laughed as she looked David in the eyes.

"The good thing about a younger lover..." she said, as she felt the cock between her thighs stiffen rapidly, "...is that it's never too long until you're ready to go again..."