 ***BUZZ***BUZZ***

David sighed as he glanced at the message that popped up on his screen.

'Parents out. Free house. Cum soon. Becky xxx'

He lethargically grabbed his jacket and headed for the door. It wasn't that he didn't enjoy fucking Becky, the 19-year-old certainly had her perks, he just found it was becoming more of a chore. Sex with her was more like scratching an itch. The initial spark was gone, not that it burned brightly to begin with, and things were just routine - not something you want with a fuck buddy.

Becky's pert C-cup breasts jiggled freely as David jerked his hips up to meet hers. She ran her hands through her long hair as she urged him on to his ending. Grunting deeply, David shot his load in her and had to practically lift the wilting woman from him as his large cock slid out of her. He started to put his clothes on and she grumbled as he left her embrace.

"Why do you have to go so soon?" She moaned.

"I've got a thing, y'know?" He replied.

She looked at him inquisitively. "You're always so busy! Are you free on Saturday?"

"Why?"

"It's Sarah's birthday. We're going into the city to go clubbing and I thought you could meet them."

David raised an eyebrow. What was she trying to do? She knew this was a casual thing. "Why would I do that?"

Becky stumbled. "I just... well... thought it would be nice for you to finally meet my friends."

David had no intention of going clubbing with a group of people over ten years his junior. This friend with benefits was barely a friend and the benefits were beginning to look bleak.

"Look, I really don't..." He stopped and looked at Becky. Her big, puppy-dog eyes looked back at him. She was a sweet girl really and he didn't want to hurt her feelings. "It's not a good idea. We're not in a serious relationship - it's just sex, right? I don't want to make things complicated."

"I just wanted -"

"No."

"Oh." Becky turned away and lowered her chin. David felt a twist in his stomach but headed to the door feeling helpless.

"I'll see you round, yeah?" he said, trying to sound as positive as he could.

"Sure, whatever."

He closed the door behind him and left swiftly. The conversation replayed in his head a hundred times on his way home but he couldn't imagine a way that it would have ended without hurting the girl. David didn't want to stop seeing Becky. He enjoyed the teen's body, her long, wavy blonde hair, her perky breasts and her tight, shaved pussy. She was the kind of girl that he would have craved and lusted after when he was a teenager. But he wasn't a teenager anymore. Her neediness grew tiresome and she had a shyness that, although cute to begin with, was less sexy every time he saw her. He would complement everything about her, but when he mentioned that a new dress she bought didn't quite fit right, she was aghast and returned it immediately. When she pressured him and he finally admitted that she wasn't the person who gave him the best blow jobs, she was beside herself and it confused David. He had never said he didn't enjoy them. He never turned them down. He never had trouble reaching an orgasm from them. But Becky wouldn't hear any of it. The youngster did not have and self-assuredness and lacked confidence, despite her clear beauty.

As he approached his flat, David stopped, called a cab and decided to go for a drink instead. The pub was not as crowded as he expected for a Friday night, but the tables and booths were full with rowdy youngsters and couples eyeing each other up so he propped up the bar and ordered a drink. He took a sip and turned to look over the lively room. As he turned back round, he froze at the sound of a familiar voice.

"Hello David."

He looked at the woman in front of him. Shoulder-length, dark-blonde hair; bright, sparkling blue eyes. A few more wrinkles around her face than he remembered but a smile which still shone through. A figure-hugging dress slid over a slim body and fought to hold in a pair of large breasts. The same dress ran down to her knees.

"Hilary."

"I'm glad you remembered my name," she said, only half joking, "It's been a while."

"Ten years." David quickly replied.

Hilary glanced down and smiled. Was he supposed to shake her hand? Hug her? Fuck her right there on the bar? Probably not that last one. He settled for an awkward kiss on the cheek.

"Can I buy you a drink?" He offered.

"Oh, Gary just bought a round."

David glanced over at Hilary's husband.

The married woman asked eagerly, "Would you like to join us? I'd love to catch up."

David was hesitant, "Would your husband mind?"

Hilary gave him a knowing smile as she said, "He'd be fine with it."

David walked behind Hilary and couldn't help but admire the round arse being held in her tight, black dress. He was sure it was larger than he remembered, which made it all the more appealing.

"Gary, look who I found at the bar!"

"Well, hello David, long-time-no-see!" said Hilary's husband.

"It's good to see you Gary." As David shook the man's limp hand, he remembered why Hilary had looked elsewhere for her sexual pleasure all those years ago.

The three of them spoke for a while about what they were up to and all the news they had missed over the last decade. Gary had been promoted to head of the company and was making a lot more money. He and Hilary were able to purchase a house in a much nicer part of town which is why David had not seen them in so long. David told them about the progress he was making in his career and showed them a few pictures of his own flat. The conversation was perfectly normal and uneventful and they lost track of time until the bell rang for last orders.

"Oh, is it time to go already? What a shame!" Hilary said, seemingly upset.

David grabbed his phone, "I better call a cab."

"We can give you a lift. Or why don't you come to ours for one more drink?" Hilary blurted out.

"Are you sure?"

"I'm positive. That would be fine, wouldn't it, Gary?" Hilary said. David wasn't sure, but he could sense a hint of desperation in Hilary's voice. Did she want to have sex with David? It had been such a long time. Was he being crazy?

"Of course, my love. That would be fine." Gary seemed to take the hint and was happy to go along with whatever his wife wanted. There was a definite tension in the air now as if the three of them knew what was going to happen next but couldn't say it out loud. David thought he knew what Hilary wanted but he didn't want to make a fool of himself or step out of line. He had to arrange himself as the married couple stood up and walked towards the door. It was an awkward journey to Mr and Mrs Johnston's house and as David sat silently in the back of the car he wondered what he was doing with himself. But as he looked up at Hilary in the rear-view mirror she shot him a smile and a wink which removed all doubt in his mind. This woman wanted to fuck. David could feel a twitch in his trousers and was getting stiff. He had been aroused from the moment he saw Hilary in the bar but told himself to ignore all of the devilish thoughts that sprang into his mind. There was no question now.

At the front door, Gary fumbled with his keys and David reached out to silently place a hand on Hilary's bum. She looked round and grinned devilishly at him. As soon as the door closed behind them it was as if a switch had been flicked. David practically leapt at Hilary and held her against the wall, their mouths open, tongues exploring. Gary mumbled something about letting them get reacquainted and left them alone but they could barely hear him over the moans escaping their lips. David was grinding against Hilary's crotch and she instinctively raised her dress as he battled with his clothing to release his aching cock. They both wanted - needed - the same thing and Hilary had barely hiked up her dress before David was pulling aside her underwear and thrusting himself inside of her. The two lovers froze as they both let out a deep moan of pure pleasure. Ten years. It had been ten years since either of them had touched each other and they were making up for it now. 

David's cock slid into Hilary's wet pussy like a cold hand in a warm glove. They did not remain still for long. David thrust himself in and out like a man possessed while Hilary locked her legs around his hips, as if she was sure he'd fall out. She needn't have worried. He was going nowhere. There was nowhere he'd rather be than fucking this woman against the wall. The electricity between the two of them as they mated was captivating. He pounded at her so hard she thought she was going to pass out through the pleasure before she felt a familiar spark inside of her. The spark grew larger as it spread through her body. It was her first orgasm in longer than she could remember and she moaned breathlessly in David's ear as he approached his own. Her mouth widened and her eyes rolled up as she shook around him. David felt a familiar tightening in his balls before unleashing a torrent of cum deep inside his lover. It was a fast and frantic few minutes which left both of them panting as they remained intertwined by the front door.

Hilary giggled into David's neck as she realised the absurdity of the situation. "It certainly has been a while!" she finally said. Before David could answer, she kissed him deeply and lowered herself to her knees. She grabbed his lengthy shaft and admired it before using her tongue to clean it. David squirmed as he tongue flicked and licked his sensitive head and he was quickly reminded of her ferocious sexual appetite and oral skills.

"Mmmm, we taste amazing!" she said slyly between mouthfuls. "Would you like to go upstairs?"

"Y-y-yes," David stammered. "Like you wouldn't believe!" Hilary giggled again and rose to her feet, leading David up the large staircase. David followed intently, staring at the large bum and glistening pussy as Hilary's hips shook from left to right. He couldn't help himself. He reached out and took a cheek in each hand. He parted them softly and slid a finger over the woman's lips. It was Hilary's turn to be reminded of David's ferocious appetite. She instinctively leant forward as he reached out with his tongue to have a taste of something he'd been craving for so long. He inhaled deeply and was overcome by her sweet scent which only made him bury his tongue deeper and lap at her vagina with more intensity. Hilary reached out to hold onto a banister as the merciless oral assault on her pussy continued. Overcome with satisfaction, she slumped into the stairs as David moved stealthily up her body, kissing a trail as he did so. He nibbled in her ear and she melted as he said, "You're right; we taste incredible."

She led him to the bedroom and was pleasantly surprised to see him almost fully erect again.

"Get on the bed. Bend over." He demanded. She didn't need to be asked twice and was turned on by this commanding tone. Hilary parted her legs and raised her bottom slightly in preparation for what was to come. David leant forward and stuck his tongue out for one last taste before sliding his fully-erect cock back inside the waiting pussy. The lovers froze again, almost as if they had forgotten how good it felt to be locked together this way in the five minutes that had passed since they were last together. Desire took over and David fervently fucked Hilary as he grabbed a cheek in each hand. Hilary was in ecstasy again as she recoiled in delight at each thrust. With one hand, David grabbed a chunk of Hilary's hair and pulled sharply. He raised the other hand and smacked Hilary's right cheek with his open palm, making the married woman yelp in glee.

"Who does that pussy belong to?!" David demanded.

"You!" Hilary squealed in reply. "My pussy belongs to you!"

"Say my name! Call to me, slut!" David was virtually yelling now.

"David! David! DAVID!" Hilary called back with a rasping snarl.

Three more sharp slaps sent her over the edge as David felt her vaginal walls grip his shaft while another powerful orgasm rocketed through her body. He was surprised by his own overwhelming need to cum and couldn't hold back. He descended on the older woman's back and fucked her like an animal, grunting and moaning deeply in her ear. Hilary was in her own post-orgasmic bliss and the sounds of her younger lover reaching his climax inside her was music to her ears. As he reached the point of no return, he bit down on her shoulder and released another seemingly endless flood of semen into her waiting womb.

Hilary whimpered as David's long shaft flopped out of her cunt, letting gobs of cum slop out behind it. David apologised at the mess.

"Don't worry, that's Gary's side of the bed anyway!" She chuckled. She called out to her husband who shuffled in the bedroom nervously with a slight bulge in his trousers.

"Did you have fun, dear?" he asked.

"Of course I did. It was just like old times." Hilary smiled as she looked at David. "Would you like to stay the night?"

"I'd love to." He responded quickly.

The two lovers moved to the spare bedroom, leaving Gary to clean up the mess in his own bed before sleeping alone.

It was late now and they both decided to sleep. David lay on the bed looking at Hilary in awe as she removed the rest of her clothing in front of him. She looked older than before, of that there was no doubt. Her large breasts sagged more, her stomach was not as toned and she had more wrinkles, however her confidence was arousing, it was sexy. Hilary knew she had a great body that men craved. She winked at David as she slid her naked body into bed. Hilary nuzzled herself into David's arms and the young man was content as the smell of his lover wafted into his nose and helped him drift into a deep sleep. Hilary was still in post-orgasmic bliss and could only smile as she felt a nice cock resting between her bum cheeks.

The next morning, David awoke to the sweet sensation of an eager mouth devouring his erection. He'd forgotten how good it felt to be awoken with oral sex and he smiled down at Hilary as she worked his younger cock.

"Good morning beautiful."

Hilary looked up and smiled. She mumbled something that sounded like a 'good morning' but her mouth was still busy. Eager to be inside her, and aware that he could not cum on demand like he could when they first met, David asked Hilary to let him return the favour. The older woman smiled and slid up his body, brushing her face, breasts, stomach and then pussy against his wide grin before perching herself onto his mouth. He wrapped his arms around her thighs and let his tongue flick around her clit. She smelt and tasted glorious. David had gone down on many women and generally enjoyed every one of them, but Hilary was something else. He lapped at her vagina fanatically as she grinded into his face. It didn't take long before Hilary knuckles gripped the headboard so tightly they went white and she was grinding her hips roughly into David's face. She moaned deeply and then slumped down over his chest, smiling contentedly.

"Good morning to you." She finally said, the smile still plastered on her face. She kissed him deeply and their fingers entwined as she guided her leg over his. She looked down briefly and directed the thick cock between her legs before sliding down on it, the two of them moaning again at the pleasure they had given each other. They lay motionless for a while.

"I've missed this." Hilary said, dreamily.

"Me too. I'm so glad I bumped into you yesterday." David replied, before there was a knock at the door. Gary tentatively let himself in.

"Do you mind if I join you?" He inquired.

"It depends what you mean by 'join'!" Hilary laughed.

"I just want to watch! It's been a long time since I saw the two of you and I could only hear you last night. I won't bother you." The bulge in his trousers was not subtle and Hilary nodded her head before turning back to David. She raised her hips and Gary's mouth dropped as the long, thick shaft almost slid out of his wife before she gradually slithered back down on it. She continued to lazily slide up and down the thick pole, building up a steady rhythm, while the two of them kissed passionately. David's hands groped her extraordinary breasts as they hung down like udders, enjoying feeling the weight of them in his hands and pulling playfully on her erect nipples. David glanced across at Mr Johnston and could see him stroking his own cock, each stroke matching the pace of his wife's hips. He turned his attention back to the man's wife and moved his hands to her ample bottom. 

Her urged Hilary to sit up as they both steadily increased their pace: Hilary's breast's bouncing mesmerizingly while David's hips were thrusting harder and deeper. David was confident that he could keep this pace and not cum too soon. As much as he enjoyed the sex with Hilary last night, he had cum sooner than he wanted but he could chalk that up to the intensity of the night. Today was different. He was going to take his time with his lover. He was going to enjoy every second inside of her. Hilary flicked hair from her face and David could feel a familiar squeeze around his cock as Hilary approached her second orgasm of the morning. It wasn't as intense as any from last night but Hilary clenched her eyes tightly and grabbed David's hands as the pleasure swept across her body. Ever the expert, she didn't miss a beat and kept the rhythm up, much to the pleasure of the younger man. In the chair in the corner, Gary was having an orgasm of his own and Hilary sniggered as his sperm dribbled pitifully from his less than average dick. David couldn't help but laugh with her and was almost thankful for Gary's shortcomings, as they were the reason he was balls-deep inside this wonderful woman.

To Gary, it seemed as though the two of them had been at it for ages before the passion grew. Hilary had increased her pace and David was forcing his cock in and out of her willing pussy. After a while but in no time at all, David moaned, "I'm going to...!" before he thrust up deep inside Hilary while she milked his cock. His veiny shaft throbbed and pulsated as wave after wave of thick sperm filled his lover to the brim. The feeling his thick cock bulging and filling her, mixed with David's warm load inside her, filled Hilary with such sexual energy it was almost orgasmic. She slunk back down on his cock and lay on his chest, her head feeling his rapid breathing slow down as he relaxed after his orgasm. David ran his hands through Hilary's hair like she was his pet. Again, they didn't notice that Gary had left the room. They didn't even care. The two of them were in their own bubble.