 Mr and Mrs Hill had lived next door to the Johnson's for six months now. A young, newly wed couple, they reminded Hilary of her and her husband when they were at that age. Both Hilary and her husband would giggle at night as they could hear the newlyweds make the most of their house together. From what Hilary could work out, Marie was the more dominant of the two, the one who decided when the couple were going to have sex, if at all. Lately, Hilary had noticed a lack of noise coming from the bedroom. In fact, in the last six months, she could not remember the newlywed couple making any noises in their bedroom! It was actually only one month since Steve had been able to persuade Marie to let him have sex with her. The reason Hilary thought it had been six was because in those months, Marie had only let Steve make love to her in the dark, missionary style, once a week, if he was lucky. The past month had been hell for Steve, he needed to cum at least once a day, and he found himself watching and fantasising about other women. He did not want to betray his wife, but he thought if he ever got into a situation where sex was offered, he could not back down.

Marie and Steve were enjoying a long lay in on a Saturday morning, they had been asleep while David had fucked Hilary, but they were wide-awake throughout Mr Johnston's oral assault on Hilary's pussy.

"Steve! Go round there and tell them to show some respect to their neighbours!" Marie said angrily.

Steve sighed. "They're not doing anything wrong; maybe we could take a leaf outta their book?" He said as he rubbed his hand against his wife's leg. She sighed and rolled over, telling him to do what she had asked him to.

Steve got up, threw some clothes on, and went downstairs. He hoped over the fence in the front garden and knock on the door.

Mr Johnston lifted his head from his wife's pussy and looked at Hilary.

"Let me get that, maybe it's that cock I ordered." She joked.

Hilary answered the door in just her nightgown. It was slipping over her shoulder and was tied loosely around her waist, showing off plenty of cleavage. Her hair was a mess, and there was a clear visible trail of her vaginal juices down her inside thigh. If he had not heard Hilary through the walls, it would still be obvious what the horny older lady had been up to.

"Hi Steve, how can I help you?" She said as she smiled sweetly.

"Well...I...uh..." Steve could not get the words out. Hilary invited him in and he duly followed her to the bedroom. Mr Johnston had put his clothes on and was sitting in the chair in the corner; he waved at Steve, who nodded back. Hilary lay on the bed.

"So what is it you wanted, Steve?" she said, looking him in the eyes.

"Well we, well Marie actually, she can hear you two, y'know, making love." Steve said embarrassedly.

"Oh hubby and I haven't made love in a long time. He was licking my pussy for me. He did a very good job, but now I really need some cock. Can you help me with that?" She asked sweetly.

"What!? Are you crazy? I'm married! My wife is next door!"

"Well she'll never know." said Hilary and she undid her nightgown. "It'll be our little secret."

"Why can't your husband do it?"

"Oh he isn't good enough." Hilary opened her nightgown, exposing her body to Steve, who was desperately trying to cover his rising erection. "My vagina is only for real men who know how to satisfy a woman. Can you do that?"

Steve licked his lips. His cock was aching for some pussy, but his head was telling him not to.

"And it'll be our little secret?" He asked.

"Our little secret." Hilary replied.

Steve unbuckled his belt and pulled down his trousers, he took off his top and stood in front of Hilary fully naked. He had a good body, and his six-inch cock stood proudly out fully erect. He bent down and crawled between Hilary's legs, sliding his tongue out to lick her dripping cunt. She stopped him.

"What do you think my husband has been doing for the past half an hour? You can slide right in, Big Boy!"

Steve grinned and slid his tongue in Hilary's mouth as his cock slide in her tight pussy. He groaned deeply and pushed his face in Hilary's neck as he pumped at her cunt.

"Fucking hell. Hilary, you have the nicest pussy I've ever been in!"

"Better than your wife's? Hilary asked cheekily.

"So much better." Steve said, as he continued sliding in and out, as if it was the last vagina on earth. Mr Johnston was enjoying the show and quite happy to be a non-participating spectator, as his neighbour fucked his wife hard. Steve had to hold his moans in, and either kiss Hilary, or hold his hand over her mouth as she came, so as not to give his wife any idea about what was going on. As far as she knew, they were having a neighbourly discussion, if only Marie knew how neighbourly the Johnston's were! As he approached his orgasm, Steve began to feel a slight twinge of guilt. He had never cheated on his wife while they had been married. While he was engaged, he got extremely drunk at his stag party and managed to fuck the stripper. While he enjoyed it at the time, he instantly regretted it afterwards, but did not tell Marie, as he loved her and did not want to lose her.

That night had been playing on his mind ever since it happened. The woman who his best man had booked was a stereotypical stripper, long blonde hair, big double-E boobs, and a body to die for. After she had stripped for him, the stripper stayed around to have a drink with the boys. Once his friends had left a drunken Steve, and Melissa, the stripper, edged closer and closer until they kissed. It was the first woman Steve had had since he met Marie, and in his intoxicated state, he forgot about her, the wedding, and any other sane thought. All he could think about was getting Melissa in his bed, which was not difficult, as Melissa was as horny as Steve was. She loved to strip, and it really turned her on, that, added with the drink, and the bulge forming in Steve's trousers made Melissa forget that she was not supposed to fuck her clients. The two of them made it into bed. Steve could not remember much of the night, but he remembered that he had drunk enough to last long enough to give Melissa good fuck, and had an almighty orgasm of his own. He did not feel any guilt until the morning, but that passed as Melissa awoke and slid on his already erect cock. It was the best wake up call he had ever had, the sweetest pussy around his morning wood, and big boobs bouncing up and down right in front of him, he did not take long to cum, and buried his face in Melissa's chest as he did. She quickly got dressed and left the house, leaving Steve feeling guilty as he tried to remember the previous night. He decided not to tell Marie, he loved her dearly and did not want to lose her. It was his one moment of madness.

There was no excuse for what he was doing now. Cumming deep inside his neighbour as she smiled and held him tightly. Mr Johnston was unable to get erect again but he was rubbing his crotch excitedly. As soon as he had cum, Steve grabbed his clothes and rushed to put them on. He was feeling very guilty and had to get out of the room.

"Leaving so soon?" Hilary asked with a smile.

"I have to go, this should not have happened." Steve said with a frown.

"Yes, but it did, and I know you enjoyed it. You're free to pop round whenever you want a repeat performance; I'll be looking forward to it." Hilary said as she grinned at her neighbour. Steve left quickly to return to his waiting wife.