  This concludes the story of Anne Cheng. I hope that you enjoyed taking her journey with me. - Wifethief

*****

The alarm went off like a siren in the early morning, Anne quickly silenced it before the sound disturbed either young man. Randal Acosta was scheduled to arrive punctually at six A.M. At the cabin. Anne had much to do before that time, still, she had trouble forcing the tiredness out of her eyes. She took a final look at the boys and made her way to the bathroom.

In the shower Anne truly regretted rinsing the boy's scent off of her. She had come to covet the boy's aroma over the past twelve days. Anne dressed herself in the clothing she wore when she pretended to be Julia Han. It was the least provocative option. She packed up all of the fantasy clothing in the large suitcase. There were many good and sweet memories stored with the clothes. Anne decided that she would ask Mr. Acosta if she could keep the suitcase. She could imagine many situations in the future where such clothing would prove delightfully useful.

Right on time Anne heard Mr. Acosta's big sedan pull up in front of the cabin. Anne greeted him at the door. Randall Acosta could not believe the obvious difference between the Anne he had driven to the cabin and the one he was now picking up. This was a more confident, and if possible, even more beautiful woman. 

After ascertaining that the boys were still abed the big gangster said, "Good morning, Mrs. Cheng, you certainly appear to have enjoyed yourself."

"Oh Mr. Acosta Jacob and Bobby are excellent young men. We learned a great deal from each other. Although I was most hesitant to come to this cabin, I want to thank you for every moment of it."

Mr. Acosta grinned from ear to ear at Anne's words. 

"Mr. Acosta, may I keep the suitcase and the clothing? I can't imagine that you will have a use for them."

"Of course, Anne." he replied.

. She smiled in gratitude, then Anne's expression changed. "The last time we spoke you said that you have a surprise for me back in the city. It is a good one I hope."

"Yes it is Anne. I have some lawyers scheduled to come to my office. Before you leave we will have filed for your divorce and secured you a petition to remain in this country. Then I will take you to see the house that is waiting for you, As a parent I also know that you will want to spend time with your children and prepare them for the big changes ahead. When you are ready, contact me and I will have some of my men move you to your new home. I have found a place for Charlie to sleep until you are ready to move. But your current house is in his name it is better if you and your children have a clean break and a new start and have no indebtedness of any kind to your soon to be ex-husband."

Anne face brightened, "Oh Mr. Acosta! How can I ever repay you?"

"You already have Anne. My son became a man in the best way possible with a most beautiful woman. His future as a confident and secure man is guaranteed because of your initiation ." 

It was decided to not wake either of the boys. Anne did not want to break the magic of the previous evening and Mr. Acosta was content to let Anne have things her way.

Randall Acosta disappeared to the car and returned with a package. "Anne, you may choose to wear what you have on now but I think this dress might be more appropriate. Think of it as your first set of clothing as a free woman."

Anne hustled to the bathroom and opened the package. It was a lovey navy blue dress with matching heels and stockings. Mr. Acosta had even thoughtfully provide modest underwear. Anne wasted no time in putting the outfit on.

The big gangster left a note in a prominent place for his son to find. He hefted the large suitcase with one arm, offered Anne the other arm and they walked back to his car. Anne's heart was full of mixed emotions as she watched the cabin fade from view. On the seat next to her was a bag containing the clothing and jewelry she had taken off at Mr. Acosta's home, back when her adventure had begun. Anne was grateful to see the earrings again but she looked askance at her wedding ring. All it contained was bad memories.

On the way back to the city Randall Acosta pulled into a quiet diner so that the two could have breakfast and use the use the bathroom. The food was good but Anne quickly realized that she would miss Jacob's cooking skills enormously. The two talked. Mr. Acosta was too much a gentleman to ask Anne any of the details of her stay at the cabin. Instead he asked Anne about her children and her hopes for them. Anne was always delighted to talk about her son and daughter.

The rest of the drive to the city was uneventful and relaxing. Randall marveled at the woman next to him now. As opposed to the woman he could hardly get five words out of on the way to the cabin this woman was a regular chatterbox. Both were in fine spirits when they reached Acosta's office in the city.Awaiting them were several men and women that Anne understood to be lawyers and, off on a chair by himself a morose looking Charlie, her soon to be ex-husband.

Charlie's eyes grew large when he saw Anne. The way she carried herself now, she had almost literally changed in appearance. Charlie understood that his wife had become something he could never hope to again possess. With sadness and longing he watched the incandescently beautiful woman take a seat before Mr. Acosta's desk.

There was a whirlwind of forms to sign but at last the final line had been inked. Anne was now on a path to citizenship and, in just six short months, her divorce would be final. Anne beamed as she shook all the hands, save one, in the room.

Randall Acosta turned to face Charlie and said, "Is our agreement clear, Charlie? I will tell you when it is safe to return to your house."

Charlie glumly nodded his assent.

The gangster himself drove Anne back to her house. There was also a short stop to pick up small presents for her children. Mr Acosta was more than happy to pay that bill as well. On the way home, he stopped at the charming row house that was now hers and presented her with the key.

"I know where you can get good deals on furniture or anything else that you need. Your children are close enough geographically that they can attend their same school." stated the big man.

"Oh Mr. Acosta,!"shouted Anne as she threw her arms around him and planted a kiss on his lips.

The big event however was the sight of her children tumbling out of the front door to greet her as she stepped out of the car. Anne swept them up in her arms hugged them deeply and cried tears of joy. Anne stayed very close to home for the next month catching up with her children and explaining to them the situation of the upcoming divorce and move. Often she took the children to the new house and the both of them greatly warmed up to the idea. Anne's mother in-law floored her one day by announcing that she wished to accompany them.

"It pains me to say," she told Anne, "but my son is a miserable disappointment. The wisest thing he ever did was asking you to marry him. I LOVE my grandchildren. Even though you may think this makes me a bad mother, I have come to despise my son."

Upon investigation, Anne and her mother in-law discovered an alcove in the new house that could be converted into a small bedroom. Anne Called Mr. Acosta and the deed was done. Anne's mother in-law was delighted with the small space.

"As long as I am close to my grandchildren I will be happy anywhere." she said.

A month after returning to the city Anne asked Mr. Acosta to send the moving crew. The operation ran late and Charlie turned up as the moving van began to pull away. When he realized that his mother would be accompanying his ex-wife he became livid. Quietly and persuasively Charlie's mother explained her choice.

"You have chosen gambling over being a good son and husband. Anne is a wonderful person, you are not."

A stunned Charlie watched his mother drive off with Anne. He sat on the curb and stared. For the very first time he appeared to understand what he had lost. He placed his head in his hands and began to weep. Anne smiled at the sight, "Perhaps he can begin to appreciate the misery he has given me and the children over the years." she thought to herself. 

The quartet of Anne, her mother in-law and her children found much joy in their new home. The children quickly found friends in the neighborhood. Anne discovered that she had much in common with several other divorced women nearby. Sometimes the group of them would get together on Sunday mornings and gab over breakfast at a local eatery. The days with Charlie faded from all of them as something from a bad dream. For Anne life as an independent woman was both liberating and intoxicating. She dressed with far more care, always looking supremely sexy. Often she thought of Bobby and Jacob and wished them well wherever they were.

After another month in her new house she made a date with Jack Meadows. She discovered that he was a very nice and caring man, but there was no spark. He was polite to a fault and proceeded at a respectable pace. After a half dozen dates, Anne went home with him. The sex left a great deal to be desired. It was not simply that Jack was not Bobby or Jacob, his personality was flat and without pizazz. Anne realized that Jack Meadows would make a very nice husband for someone else. Still Anne continued to date him for a while. Anne had made love to Jack a half dozen times. Each subsequent lovemaking session was more disappointing than the previous one.

With a great deal of sadness Anne asked Jack to not call on her anymore. He was heartbroken and Anne felt sad because he was a friend of Mr. Acosta and Anne desperately had hoped that the relationship would work. Anne realized, sadly, that Jack Meadows would probably never get her motor running like Michael Wilson had out by the falls when she was with the boys. 

As to Michael, she had many long telephone conversations with him Their discussions were wonderful and it was joyful in the extreme to be able to converse with him in her native language. But Mike was on the other side of the country and seemed tied there. One week brought Mike into town on a business trip. The sex Anne and Mike had during that week was absolutely wonderful. Mike talked about moving to be close to her. It became a hope for both of them. Beyond the sex Michael turned into a great personal friend. Anne even discussed her problems with Jack Meadows with him. He was understanding and not in the least bit jealous. In the end he helped convinced Anne that she should never just settle again.

Mike was an exciting partner even a thousand miles away. On the computer they chatted often. Over the internet they masturbated for each other on their respective web cams in their separate rooms. The love notes and poems that Michael Wilson sent her made her feel supremely feminine and totally desired. Anne even shared some of the tamer missives, written in Chinese, with her mother in-law. who told her that such a gift with language meant that the man was supremely caring and kind. Anne could not help but agree.

Anne herself could not move easily. After some interviews, Anne was hired as a translator by a local tech firm that did lots of trade with China. It was difficult learning all of the scientific terms in both languages but Anne found herself more than rising to the challenge.

Anne enjoyed going to work and being a productive citizen. She came to rely upon her mother in-law for child care. The two women became especially close and became each others confidant. Anne's former mother in-law surprised Anne by signing up for English classes at the local senior center. To Anne's astonishment, her mother in-law was, a short time later, being squired around town in her free time by a striking widowed Caucasian American. Anne thought that she would have a heart attack when her mother in-law took her aside one day and asked her the best way to seduce her new boyfriend.

"The fire is NEVER quite extinguished even in an old woman like me." She told Anne.

The two then had a laugh and Anne gave her some ideas. The relationship between mother in law and ex-daughter in- law took on a new dimension when the older woman was very late coming home from the senior center. Anne was just about to reach for the phone and call the police when she heard a car pull up in front of the house. Min, her ex- mother in-law, and now good friend, entered the door wearing the widest smile Anne had ever seen the woman's face wear.

Min sighed deeply and said, 'That was very nice. It is true that you never forget how. Are all western men so talented, Anne?" 

That night the two sat up very late drinking tea and talking about sex. Min confided that being apart from Charlie had liberated her as well. 

"My son has caused me so much worry and pain . That is gone now. I refuse to even think about him now. I wish I had given birth to you, Anne. You are everything a mother could possibly want in a child."

For Anne the words soothed her soul. Her own mother had passed several years ago. Anne had taken the fastest connections possible but still ended up arriving too late. She had not arrived in time to tell her mother goodbye. Min's words were the very ones Anne had longed to hear in all the time since her mother had passed on. She hugged the older woman and cried for quite a while into her shoulder. 

Anne attracted much attention at work. Even though workplace relationships were frowned one Anne found a way to see one of the young engineers. Donald was a Chinese immigrant, more than a little nerdy, he reminded Anne of her first boyfriend from so long ago and, of course, of Bobby. He was sweet and kind an had been until, Anne had entered his life, like Bobby and Jacob, a virgin. It had taken Donald several dates to confide his pure state to Anne but the sophisticated older woman had detected his need from the very beginning. 

Donald became Anne's project. Something to soothe the itch that could not be scratched by Michael Wilson, a thousand miles away. She worked on Donald's awkward fashion sense, went with him to the barber to get a more flattering haircut, and instructed him in how to converse with girls and had him hooked on her in no time. Leaving the children in the care of Min for the weekend Anne drove Donald to a secluded bed and breakfast. 

"Anne, I am not sure I know what to do." said Donald as they entered their room, his words came stumbling out of his mouth in an awkward knot.

Anne turned to the shy young man and said, "Leave that to me, Donald.." She placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. 

"Why don't you sit in this chair and relax. I will freshen up" Anne smiled coyly and vanished into the bathroom. In her bag was one of the sexy outfits she had worn at the cabin for the boys. It was not the all white outfit, which possessed too many memories to be worn casually. As Anne dressed herself she tried to not get too excited. The prospect that Donald was going to turn out to be as talented as Bobby or Jacob or Michael Wilson was a dim one. Still he was young, eager and untainted. Anne truly believed that with proper training Donald would make a perfectly charming consort. Anne hoped to introduce Donald to her son. He was the sort of man she wanted her son to become, without the excess of nerdiness of course.

As Anne returned to the bedroom, Donald drank in her alluring outfit and his eyes grew large. Anne saw the desire in his eyes. Anne loved seeing desire for herself in the eyes of men she favored. As she settled into the carpet in front of his chair and made a move to liberate his penis from his pants Anne reflected upon the journey she had taken over the last few months. She still did not know exactly what her future portended. Michael Wilson might not be able to relocate, Mr. Acosta might resent the fact that she rejected Jack Meadows and retaliate some way. Anne thought that prospect unlikely, his gratitude would outweigh and disappointment and anger. Even a man like Randall Acosta had to understand that love followed no rhyme or reason.

Anne eyed Donald's penis. It pleased her greatly. As her mouth preformed the very first fellatio its owner had ever experienced Anne smiled inwardly and thanked the absent Bobby and Jacob for making her the woman she now was. Donald's sighs of delight as she set to work was the sweetest music to her ears.