 After our erotic tryst in the car, we set a date to meet again, this time in a hotel room, so we could have privacy and stretch out.

As our date got nearer, the excitement was almost to much to bear. Everytime I would think of her, the bulge in my pants would give my thoughts away. It got to the point, that I was afraid to get up from my desk at work, as I noticed a few of the ladies in my office had noticed, they are always smiling at me now, and talking in low whispers. 

Finally the day had arrived. I went to the hotel to check in, after taking a sick day. I was sick all right, I had a condition called hardonitis. I gave her a quick call, and told her what room I was in. After about a half hour later she arrived, and she was looking so hot. She had on a summer dress and blouse that didn't hide much of her beautiful body. Guys her breasts are incredible, they are so firm and perfectly round, and REAL. She is a size 34B, and just loves to have her breasts sucked and caressed. I'll let you guys that like big breasted woman in on a hot little secret, small breasted woman are just as hot, if not hotter than big breasted woman,and besides, some big breasted woman are suspect as to having the real thing.

As we embraced I lightly kissed and nibbled her neck, and softly whispered in her ear how much I wanted to suck her breasts, pussy and to feel her tight pussy lips wrapped around my huge cock. She started to moan to what I was telling her. 

I especially wanted to taste her pussy again, and suck her until she came, so I could drink her juices.

We quickly undressed each other, and laid down on the bed, facing each other. As we kissed, our hands were going up and down each others bodies. I could tell she was a little nervous, so I asked if she wanted a good massage. I turned her over on her belly and straddling her, my hard cock lying on her ass. I expertly started to massage her shoulders muscles. As I massaged, I could feel she was becoming more relaxed. I was also softly kissing her smooth skin, as I slowly massaged my way down her back, kissing and licking as I went.

Soon, I was kneading her beautiful ass cheeks, and kissing them. She was starting to writhe her body and moan. She spread her legs a little, allowing me to flick my tongue onto her already very moist pussy. I stayed there for a minute teasing her already dripping pussy with my tongue, before continuing down the back of her legs. 

Turning her over, onto her back, I kissed each one of her toes, she squirmed, saying she was very ticklish. I tried to suck one of her toes, but it was to much for her, and she protested, again saying she was very ticklish there. So I continued massaging, kissing and licking up her legs, towards her pussy, which by now was dripping wet. As I got closer, she spread her legs wide. I inched closer, kissing her inner thighs, and teasing her pussy with my tongue, before she grabbed my hair and pulled my face into her pussy. I place my mouth over her entire pussy, and sucked and licked, drinking in her sweet essence. My tongue found her now very hard clit, and started licking, before I sucked her clit in my mouth and sucked hard, and slowly worked two fingers deep inside her. As I fucked her with my fingers, and sucked her clit, her body was writhing like crazy, and literally lifting off the bed. She was moaning loud, and telling me to suck harder. I managed to look up, and she was squeezing her breasts and pulling on her hard as stone nipples.

I could tell she was about to cum, she was thrashing her body all around. My sucking and licking was having a hard time keeping up. Then she let out a loud gasp, and her cum came gushing out. She clamped her thighs around my head, and continued to slide her body up and down, while I continue to lick and suck her pussy. I didn't want to waste a drop of her sweet juices. 

When she finally relaxed her body, I lifted up, and she saw the biggest hard on she had ever laid eyes on. I told her, I wanted to feel the heat of her pussy wrapped around it. I slid my body up, as she spread her legs wider. Slowly I worked my hard cock into her, before plunging it all the way inside, fucking her ever so slowly, lifting my cock almost all the way out, before plunging it all the way back in, doing this over and over again. This was driving her crazy. She started screaming at me to fuck her hard and fast. I quickly obliged, fucking her with wild abandonment, plunging my cock deep inside of her, harder and faster. She wrapped her legs around me, digging her heels into the small of my back, pushing me downward, telling me to fuck her and fuck her good. She also pulled my head down to her breasts, so I could suck on them. I told her, to get up on top, as it would be easier for me suck her breasts and fuck her at the same time. 

As she got up on top, she sat over my cock, grabbing it with both hands and shove it deep inside of her. My mouth found one of her breasts, and sucked it in my mouth, raking her hard nipple with my tongue. Our bodies were like one hot erotic fucking machine now, she was pounding her pussy hard onto to my cock, increasing in intensity with each stroke. I grabbed her ass cheeks to steady her, we were both moaning now, and we could tell a huge orgasm was building in both of us. The feeling of her tight pussy lips wrapped around my cock was so incredible. It felt as though her pussy was sucking the life of my cock. She really knew how to use her pussy muscles.

It wasn't to much longer, we both exploded in a huge orgasm. She wrapped her arms around my head and pulled me into her breasts, almost sufficating me, as my hot liquid spewed inside of her, mixing with her hot juices. We held this position for a long time, as we didn't want the feeling to go away. When my cock finally went limp, she pulled off. We just laid on the bed, in each others arms, looking up at the ceiling, while we tried to catch our breath. And to rest a little before we got aroused again.