 The day dawned beautifully. She lay there feeling the morning sun caress her body. The rays penetrated through the window while the glass acted to magnify their intensity. His hand reached over and touched the warmth on her skin, while he slowly ran his hand the length of her waist, then down over her round ass. They shared good mornings with one another before she made one final stretch and climbed out of bed. He laid and watched her agile body make its way toward the kitchen, while his mind conjured up images of ways to seduce her back to bed. Finally resolved to starting his day as well, he stretched, rose and followed her footsteps to the kitchen.

She stood at the kitchen window looking out at the lake, marveling at the shroud of mist that rose from it, from the heat of the morning sun. They had worked so hard to get where they were. A lake cottage was the dream they had always shared, and now they had it. At the cottage they could be free from the major cares of the world and live life in a fashion they both enjoyed. Sometimes that meant spending the entire day naked around the cottage, other days it meant each of them going separate ways and enjoying things alone. Today was one of those days she felt like she wanted to be alone. 

He saw her at the window and stood at a distance admiring her. For an older woman she was still very sexy and sensual. Her soft hungry nature was one of the features that attracted him to her, but her body was the physical aspect that captivated him. She was never skinny or slight by today's standards; instead she was curved in perfect proportion. He knew that she always viewed herself as overweight but he had always viewed her as perfect. It was that view of her self that oftentimes made her feel as though she wasn't pretty or sexy enough for him, no matter what he told her to reassure her. 

She turned to find a smile on his face. His facial features had always calmed her and reassured her. When he approached her, he couldn't help touching her. She stood and closed her eyes taking in the sensations he evoked in her body. His mouth lowered to find her neck, which she willingly exposed to him. His trimmed facial hair, soft as feather down, tickled at her throat. The rumble she heard did not come from his stomach, but rather, from his inner core. He desired her to a fault. She loved the way they were together. Over the years it was as though they could read each other's thoughts. Turning back to the window they both looked out over the lake while he held her.

--------------------------------

She recalled several years earlier when they first met. He was the stand offish one that shied away from relationships. She was the self conscious one that never viewed her self as sexy. Then one day they came to a breaking point. He informed her about his other side; the side that he had hidden from many others. With fascination, she listened to him pour his feelings out to her. When he finished, he sat and looked at her trying to contemplate her reaction. In one movement, without words, she took his hand in hers. He followed her lead and let her pull him towards her. She took his fingers and lowered them to the nest between her legs to find it thoroughly saturated with lust. That was the day he knew he had found his perfect match.

--------------------------------

He stood holding her, wondering what she was thinking. Noticing the direction of her gaze he saw the neighbor was having landscaping done. He knew it wasn't the scrubs or the mulch that captivated her, but the workers performing the tasks. Very much like him, she was insatiable when it came to sex. It was the sweet accord that bound them. 

The workers all appeared to be in their late 20's to early 30's. Their taunt tanned bodies reflected the hours they spent in the sun. Their neighbor Elaine, walked out on her front porch, to gauge their progress. She saw Elaine and thought how perfect her body looked wrapped in a thin robe. When Elaine retreated back inside her home the workers ribbed one another and made comments wondered what she was like in bed.

"Would you like me to get an estimate to have some landscaping done?"

"Yes, that would be nice. Perhaps you can check with Elaine to see if she is pleased with their work."

He pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and headed for the door. She remained at the window watching the sweat glisten on the workers bodies. Many thoughts ran through her mind. She wondered at their young ages if they had ever experienced sex with a woman that knows how to please a man. Laughing to herself she imagined they all envied the skinny girls in bikinis that didn't care as much about pleasure as they did what meal they were going to avoid to remain thin. 

--------------------------------------

Her mind drifted back to the day they moved in, next door to Elaine. She knew he was fixated on her because of the glances he took when Elaine was around. It never bothered her because she knew that he loved her for many other reasons. She actually encouraged him to visit Elaine from time to time. 

She remembered the day she walked to Elaine's house to tell him something. When she walked toward the house she heard sounds coming from an open window; she deviated from the front porch to the side where she heard the sounds. That was when she saw him in bed with Elaine. That was the breaking point.

She returned home a while later and waited for his return. He sauntered into their cottage to find her sitting outside on the patio. Sipping a glass of iced tea, while watching some boaters, she greeted him casually.

"How was Elaine?"

"Oh, she was fine."

"I think we need to talk."

This is when their conversation took place. He shared the fact that he could never be content with just one woman. Many women would have taken offense to his confession but she did not because she was the same. She had known all her life that she could never be content with one man. The test would be in finding out if they could deal with the reality that they both wanted sex outside their personal relationship. 

-------------------------------

She watched him talk to the foreman to discuss working for them. The foreman had not broken a sweat like the workers; while he did his job of overseeing their progress. He glanced back toward their kitchen window and found her watching. He motioned the foreman toward their home, then walked up the front porch to Elaine's cottage. She knew he would be there a while and smiled to herself.

The foreman came to her front door. She grabbed a thin robe and wrapped it around her ample body to let him in. Leading him to their kitchen table she proceeded to make small talk with him for a while. He appeared to be in his late 30's with dark hair and a tanned complexion. When she rose to get something to drink she let the tie on her robe fall away. She returned to the table with the front of her body fully exposed. Her breast heaved when she realized he had seen her for the first time. Sitting back in her chair she saw the apprehension on his face and smiled.

"Why are you doing this?"

"Doing what?"

"Showing your body to me?"

"You're a man. Do I have to spell it out for you?"

"But your husband....

"But my husband is over fucking Elaine right now."

"Really?"

"Yes really, why do you think he sent you here anyway?"

"For an estimate."

"Perhaps an estimate on how long it would take you to make me cum."

"This is a joke, right?"

"I assure you, it is not a joke. Do you want to sit there and talk all day or do you want to fuck me?"

He sat there a moment, then laid his notepad on the table and stood. He walked to her and reached over her shoulders to cup her breasts, while leaning down to kiss her neck. She rose from her seat and reached for his pants. With a quick movement she unzipped his work pants and reached inside. His cock was hard as a rock. He pushed the robe off her shoulders and let it fall to the ground. Instantly he transformed from a businessman to a primal man; one filled with lust and desire. She worked feverishly at his pants to unfasten then and push them down, then lowered her body to take his cock in her hot mouth.

He gasped when her warmth surrounded his hard steel cock. She sucked the length of him letting the wet juices drip down her chin, while she didn't try to hide the sounds coming from her body. He pushed away from her a couple of times to avoid spilling his load all over her face. He wanted more. When he couldn't take it any longer his strong hands grabbed her and pulled her up, then grabbed her waist and laid her out on the hard oak kitchen table.

Diving into her neatly trimmed bush, he sucked and lapped at her clit, like a cat at a bowl of milk. She lay there and whimpered while he lavished her clit with his hungry mouth, knowing that soon she would feel his hot hard cock buried deep inside her womb. He pulled his head up and stood there with her raised legs resting on his shoulders. He glanced down at her, in all her glory.

"Are you sure about this?"

"Yes, I want you to fuck me and fuck me hard, you young stud."

Without hesitation he grabbed her ass and pulled it to the edge of the solid table. Then he grabbed his raging cock and held it to her soaked pussy. With a strong thrust he drove his cock as deep as it would go in one swift move. She let out a scream that enveloped both of them. He fucked her hard and fast while she hung on for dear life. Her nails tugged at his back, without breaking the skin, leaving small red marks in their wake. 

She glanced up at him, "Come on lawn boy, you can fuck me harder than that."

He went into a rage and began pounding her pussy harder. Sweat began to shine on his hairy chest, and drip from his forehead. He paused for a second and gave one final thrust spewing his hot seed deep inside this older woman's experienced pussy. She squeezed her muscles and milked his young stud cock dry. When his cock limped out of her body a stream of milky cum trailed down her smooth pussy crack. He let out a long sigh and wiped his brow while he tried to regain his composure. 

She rose from the table and walked to the bathroom to clean herself, then returned to the table. He had put his pants back on and his shirt as well, but it remained unbuttoned. When she arrived at the table she didn't sit down. She walked behind him and reached down to rake her nails over his chest one more time. 

Lowering her mouth to his ear she asked, "How many men do you have on your crew?"

"Five, all together."

"Good, and how many days to you think this landscaping project will take?"

"I'm not sure until I see exactly what you want done."

"I think you know exactly what needs done, and I think it should take about five days."

"We do work as a team."

"That is what I'm counting on."

The front door opened and her husband stood there. The foreman, a bit apprehensively, told him that he had a good idea what she wanted and would get back to him with an estimate. He rose from his seat to exit, but her husband stood in front of the door and looked at him.

"You do realize that my wife enjoys perfection when it comes to her landscaping."

"Ah, yes Sir, I got that impression."

"See that you please her and you won't have any problems from me."

The foreman scurried out the front door, back to his crew with a final goodbye. She returned to the kitchen window and looked out. He came up behind her and grabbed her ass to squeeze it gently.

"Did he meet your approval?"

"Yes, he did."

"Good."

"How was Elaine?"

"Oh, she is fine... now."

She turned to him and kissed him fully on the lips. She smelt the faintest wisp of Elaine's pussy on his lips and smiled. He grabbed her hair and pulled back exposing her neck, kissing and gently biting at it.

"You are the sexiest woman alive and I am the luckiest man alive."