 Mrs. LaFave was a history teacher at my school. At 29, she was the youngest teacher at my school, and was well liked by everyone. Especially the guys. She was extremely beautiful, with long, straight brown hair and a very petite body. I had thought about her many times while masturbating. In fact, she was my number two jackoff fantasy, second only to one girl, which I will explain in a few moments. I had started writing seriously a year before, in eleventh grade, and a lot of my stories were history-based, including a series based during the Norman conquest of England. I had told her about them, and she was interested in reading them, so I would drop off a couple to her, and she'd read them. Once finished, she'd tell me what she liked or didn't like, where I'd made historical mistakes (I liked having accuracy in my stories), or things that just seemed stupid. During this time, I was going through the usual high school troubles. Paramount among these troubles (at least for me) was a girl I'd been head over heels for for quite some time. However, as is usually the case with a guy like me (the quiet, shy, scared of women kind), she either didn't know I existed or simply didn't give a shit. One day while talking to Mrs. LaFave about my latest story, I was particularly distraught. I had actually talked to the girl the night before, and the usual "Let's be friends" talk had occurred. Mrs. LaFave asked me what was wrong.

"It's just some personal stuff," I replied. 

"Something's pretty wrong," she said. "I can tell. And I'm worried. I think you should talk to someone." Apparently, I gave off the air that I was about to put the .303 my uncle had given me under my chin. I quickly realized she was thinking this.

"No!" I said upon realization. "No, it's not what you think. I mean, I had thought about that...but...no. It's not for me." A look of relief came upon her face. I sighed. "Ok. Here it is. There's this girl. You know her. Laura Rodgers, in your first period." She nodded. "Well, she and I have known each other for a while. At least ten years. I've had a huge crush on her for most of that time. I didn't tell her about it until recently, though. She's been kinda off and on about whether we will go out, and since I'm a pansy I just let it keep going on. Well, last night, I had the 'let's be friends' speech. I'm still kinda messed up about it."

"Oh. Well, there's plenty of girls out there, you know."

"Yeah, I know. It just seems that none of them are even remotely interested in me. I'm not some conceited jackoff who beats on his girlfriend and cheats on her, so they aren't interested."

"That's not what a woman wants," she said.

"Well, based upon everything I've seen, it is."

"Then you're not looking at the right girls." Neither of us said anything for a little while. I was standing next to her desk. She suddenly stood and moved towards me. Before I could say anything, her face was just in front of mine, and getting closer. I felt her lips meet mine. I kissed her for a few seconds, not quite realizing what was happening. When I did finally realize, I backed away, quickly.

"Wait..." I said. "This is wrong." I looked at her for a moment, and that was it. I went back to her and continued kissing her. We kissed passionately for a few minutes. Soon, I had her on her back behind her desk. I felt her reach her hand down to my crotch. I reached into her shirt and began to fondle her breasts. They were small, no larger than a small B-cup. I loved small breasts, and somehow, this got me even harder. I opened her shirt and exposed the light blue cups of her bra. I undid her bra (thankfully it was one of those front opening ones) and began to suck on her nipples. She moaned and began to undo my belt. I helped her, and soon, I was clad only in my underwear and my t-shirt. She pulled the t-shirt up and over my head. She slipped her hand into my underwear and began to stroke my hardon. I reached down and pulled on her pants, trying to get them down. She wriggled out of them, and I slipped my hand into her panties. Her pussy was smooth, except for a small patch of hair just above her lips. I slid my fingers between her lips and started to finger her. She moved her hips against my hand and squeezed my cock harder. She slid my underwear down, to expose my cock. I soon slid her panties down and got between her legs. I looked up at her. "I've never done this before," I told her.

"It's ok. I'll guide you through it." With that, she buried my face into her pussy. I began licking. She shuddered when I first touched my tongue to her. It tasted great, like nothing I'd ever had before. She was extremely wet, and I probed into her with my tongue, lapping it up. Soon she started to whine a little, and she started to grind her hips against my face. I fought for air as I continued licking. Soon she came, and I felt her juices running onto my face. 

After she stopped convulsing, she moved my head away. "That was great. You're sure you've never done this before?"

"No, I never have."

"You're a natural."

"Thank you," I said, blushing. She gently pushed me onto my back.

"Now it's your turn." She slowly started to kiss down to my crotch. Soon I felt her warm breath just above my cock. Then...

"Oh..." I moaned as she took me into her warm, wet mouth. This was the most amazing feeling. She took me all the way into her throat, then slid me all the way out, again. She did this several times, then started to kiss and lick along the shaft, down to my balls. She sucked on my balls for a little while, then went back up to my cock. She slipped me into her mouth again. I knew I wasn't going to last very long. Not with how incredible this felt. She seemed to sense this, because she soon started to suck even harder and faster. This was it. "Oh, God..." I started to tense. "Mrs. LaFave...I'm gonna..."

I began shooting my cum into her mouth. She continued to suck throughout the whole orgasm, swallowing every drop of my cum. Soon, I stopped spurting, and she licked me clean. She then came up to face level. "How was that?"

"It was incredible."

"Now do you believe me?"

"What?" I asked, unsure what she meant. 

"There are plenty of other girls out there."

"Oh. That. Yeah, I guess so."

"Good," she said, getting up and getting dressed. "You're gonna have to last longer next time."

"What do you mean?"

"Getting eaten out is great, but I want you in me next time. Understand?"

More to come...