 AUTHOR'S NOTES: Thanks for all of the comments and very useful constructive criticism on the Mrs. Mills' Predicament series! I'm glad so many of you have enjoyed it! I hope you are not too disappointed by the limited (or really, lack of) overtly sexual content in this, the 9th chapter of the series. Once you've read this chapter, I think you'll notice that the story is building up to a very exciting (and sexual) 10th chapter... and probably one in which the noncon/reluctance theme re-arises! Keep reading, and keep the comments coming!

*****

... Suddenly jerking awake Monday morning, I slowly opened my eyes and listened to the sound of my alarm clock chirping in my ear. Annoyed, after a restless night of sleep, I reached over and slammed my hand down on the snooze button, before flopping back into bed on my back.

I laid in bed and stared at the ceiling, as I replayed in my head, everything that happened yesterday... The encounter with Mrs. Mills in the kitchen... The circumstances that led to Brooke's discovery... The way Brooke questioned me in the car, and then again at her house. 

The only things I knew for sure? Mrs. Mills was now eagerly pursuing me, and, Brooke didn't seem to mind. As a matter of fact, she seemed excited about it.

Interrupting my thoughts, my "snooze' time had apparently ended, as the alarm clock began to chime again. I reached over and turned it off, before rising from bed and heading for the bathroom. After a quick shower, I returned to my room and dressed, getting ready for school. 

On my way out of my room, I picked up my cell phone from the desk and glanced at it. There was one lone text message, and it was from Brooke. It read, 'Dont pick me up today. Have dentist appt this morn. C U at lunch XOXO.'

After a quick panic, seeing the beginning of the message... the part asking me not to pick her up, I relaxed after reading the rest of the text, especially the 'XOXO' at the end. After a quick bite for breakfast, I grabbed my backpack and keys and headed to school.

I entered the school through the main entrance, giving Mrs. Mills a quick glance in the office as I walked by. She had several students standing in front of her desk as she typed on her keyboard. Focused on the computer screen in front of her, she didn't see me, not even looking up as I passed.

As I continued down the hall, a thought suddenly hit me, and my stomach dropped. When Brooke arrives at school after her appointment, the first thing she will have to do is report to the attendance office. 

I thought I might have a panic attack... I was afraid that Brooke might confront Mrs. Mills, and possibly say something that could be overheard by someone. Brooke promised me that she wouldn't say anything, but I was very uneasy about what might occur.

I sat through my first two classes feeling sick to my stomach. During first period I thought about asking my teacher if I could go see the school nurse. Not because I was actually sick, but, so I could possibly intercept Brooke on her way in. However, I knew that it was futile. I didn't even know when Brooke would arrive at school. All I could do was wait... and hope for the best.

After the bell rang, signalling the end of second period, I hurriedly grabbed my text book and binder, stuffed them into my backpack, and briskly walked to the lunchroom, giving the large hall a quick scan when I arrived. When I didn't see Brooke, I went and sat down with friends at our usual table. I didn't bother buying lunch... I didn't feel much like eating, my stomach still churning.

Just before lunch break was coming to an end, I saw Brooke, a smile on her face, happily bounding towards our table. I had to look twice before I even realized it was her. Normally she wears jeans and a casual, if not conservative, shirt, with her hair in a pony tail. Today, she looked amazing... she was dressed in a short, black mini-skirt, short heels, and a long sleeve, white button up blouse... not showing any cleavage (the school has a dress code), but unbuttoned down to the second button. Her hair was down, and looked shiny, almost radiant. As she approached, walking between the rows of students at their lunch tables, I noticed several guy's heads turn to look at her as she passed them. 

Sitting down next to me, she leaned in and gave me a quick kiss, and said, "Hi Shawn. How's your day been?"

"It's been... Good," I lied. Then, I said, "You look amazing."

Giving me a cute smile, she replied, "Aww... thank you. You are so sweet," as she leaned in and gave me another quick kiss.

I asked her, "How was your dentist appointment?"

"It was good. No cavities. Just a cleaning," she answered.

Just then, the bell rang, and she asked, "Walk me to government class?"

Brooke grabbed my hand as we stood, and we walked toward the main hall. As we approached the front of the school, I noticed that Brooke was glancing towards the office. 

Looking through the glass, I saw Mrs. Mills at her desk looking out toward the hallway. As we passed, Mrs. Mills noticed us and smiled. Brooke, seeing her watching us, smiled and waved as we passed. I was a little surprised when Mrs, Mills gave her a quick wave back... Did that mean anything?

When we arrived at the door of Brooke's class, she gave me another quick kiss, and said, "I need to pick up notes & homework from the two classes I missed today, then I'll meet you at your car. See you after school," before she turned and walked into the classroom.

After impatiently sitting through my last two classes, I quickly headed to the student parking lot, sitting on the hood of my car, while waiting for Brooke. After about 15 minutes, I saw Brooke walking through the parking lot, while talking with a friend. As her friend reached her car, Brooke waved to her, and continued towards my parking spot. When she reached my car, she leaned onto the hood of the car and gave me a deep, long kiss, now away from the rules and confines of the school.

After we got in the car and latched our seat belts, Brooke purposely hiked her mini skirt up to the very top of her thighs, and in an an over-exaggerated, sexy voice, she asked "You like my outfit today, huh?"

I moved my right hand to her thigh, just above her knee, and said, "I do."

Brooke, gently picked my hand up off of her knee, and kissed it, holding both of her hands over mine, before affectionately laying them onto her lap over her skirt. She held my hand in hers as I drove away, one hand on her lap, and one on the steering wheel.

As we drove, I asked, "What do you want to do today?"

"Want to go to your house? We can do homework, and just hang out and talk," she replied.

"Sounds good," I said.

When we got to my house, we unpacked our backpacks, and stacked our school books on the living room table before sitting down on the couch.

Nervously, I asked her, "Did you see Mrs. Mills when you got to school today?"

An amused smile came across her face when I asked the question. She reached for a book, and not looking at me, replied, "Yeah, I had to give her my dentist's note when I got to school."

"You didn't say anything did you?" I quickly asked.

Still smiling, and looking down at her book, she said, "Of course I said something." I felt stomach flip before she continued, "I said 'Hi, how are you'. Then I said, 'Here's my dentist's note'," before she started giggling at me.

Then, more seriously, but still smiling, she continued, "No. Of course I didn't say anything. I told you I wouldn't," then giggling again she said, "I wouldn't want to get your ex-girlfriend in trouble."

As a feeling of relief came over me, I grabbed Brooke and began roughly, but playfully tickling her, and I said, "You scared me to death," while continuing to tickle her ribs.

She screamed, laughing and giggling, as she dropped her text book while trying to get away. I stopped tickling her and pulled her towards me, giving her a kiss. She kissed me back, slipping her tongue deep into my mouth before abruptly pulling away. She playfully said, "Stop... I need to concentrate on my homework... if you are constantly kissing on me I won't get anything done," as she reached down to pick up her book. 

We spent the rest of afternoon working on homework and testing each other from our school notes. As were were finishing up, the door opened, and my parents walked in. 

Seeing us studying at the table, my mom said, "Oh, hi Brooke! How are you?"

Brooke stood, and replied, "Hi! I'm great. How are you?"

"Glad to be home from work," she replied, "Do you want to stay for dinner, hon?"

"No thank you," Brooke replied, "I think my parents are expecting me. I should be getting home soon."

"OK, but you're welcome anytime" my mom replied, continuing, "You must be a good influence on Shawn... I think this is the first time I've seen him doing homework all year."

Brooke gave me a sly grin at this remark, then smiled back at my mom.

Later, as I drove Brooke home, I thought of so many questions I wanted to ask her. But I was so nervous... We had such a good thing going and I didn't want to say anything that could possibly drive her away. So, instead of saying anything, we drove home, hardly a word between us. It was almost unbearable for me, but looking over at Brooke, she seemed not to notice the uncomfortable silence. She was quietly playing with her cellphone, answering a text.

We pulled pulled into her neighborhood and I parked in the street, in front of her house. Before getting out of the car, Brooke looked at me and said, "You were awfully quiet on the way home. What's wrong?"

I quickly answered, "Nothing. Why?"

"You want to say something... I can tell," she replied.

I sat silently for a moment. I thought, in wonderment, 'She can read me like a book. It's almost like she can read my mind, or at least my body language.' 

Either I had hit the 'jackpot' with Brooke, or this could be my worst nightmare. I was slowly coming to realize that she noticed things about me that I would have never believed another person could.

Well, here goes... At least she gave me an opening to ask her the question I had been holding back. 

Nervously, I asked, "When... when we were at your house yesterday, you said that 'You, you thought Mrs. Mills was hot'. What did you mean by that?"

Brooke let out a short giggle, and responded, "What? You don't think I can think that a girl is pretty?"

"No... no. I didn't mean it that way. It was just the way you said it. Are you... like... into... er... I mean... attracted to girls?" I asked.

Blushing, and looking down, Brooke replied, "No... I'm into you... But, I think Mrs. Mills is really pretty... and it... kind of turns me on when I think about you together with her."

I know it sounds like a cliche, but my mouth virtually dropped to the floor. OK, not really to the floor, but I definitely knew it was hanging open at this point. I was starting to get turned on by the conversation and I pressed on.

I asked, "Brooke... Have you ever... like... been with another girl? I mean... like... in a sexual way?

Blushing a bit deeper now, Brooke didn't answer right away. But after several seconds she said, "Once... last year... My friend Kim spent the night at my house and we both got in the same sleeping bag in my room. Then, out of nowhere we kissed... Then... We... We started kissing... and touching each other."

As I stared at her, my mouth still agape at what she was telling me, she continued, looking down shyly, "It... it was my first real sexual experience... before I ever even had a real boyfriend. It was exciting... and... and... I liked it. But, I'm... I'm not gay or anything like that... I like guys... I mean... I like you."

Sitting completely still, in silence, I thought about what she just said... Her inner most secrets and feelings... And she just told me about all of it. The butterflies in my stomach told me everything.

When I didn't respond, Brooke looked at me troubled... like she might start to cry, when she said, softly, "I'm sorry... I shouldn't have told you all of that... I'm sorry... are... are you mad at me?"

I quickly leaned over and wrapped my arms around Brooke. I whispered in her ear, "Mad? No, of course I'm not mad... I... I think I'm in love... You just told me something so personal... something that you didn't ever have to tell anyone... but you told me."

A single tear, running down her cheek, Brooke pulled me tight and kissed me. We sat in the car, silently holding each other close, until we saw the front porch light come on at her house. She kissed me once more before she got out of the car. She slowly walked up the path to her house, looking back at me, before closing the front door.

Driving away, my mind raced with thoughts about Brooke, and my dick stood at full attention for the entire trip home... Brooke and another girl... Me, Brooke, and another girl? I knew her friend Kim, and she was almost as good looking as Brooke. I imagined Kim exploring Brooke's body with her hands, and Brooke doing the same with Kim.

When I got home, I went straight to my room, shut and locked the door. I stripped off my clothes, laid in bed, and slowly masturbated to the thoughts in my head, before blowing a huge load, and falling soundly asleep.

I awoke the next morning well before my alarm sounded and I uncharacteristically hopped right out of bed. I was normally lazy in the morning. But today, I was full of vigor... like never before. I was in love... and lust... I was a horny young man with an incredibly sexy and hot girlfriend, and I couldn't wait to see what the day would bring.

As it ended up, I didn't see much of Brooke that day. I picked her up before school, we had lunch together, and hung out in the school's common area right after classes. Brooke stayed after school for gymnastics practice, so I headed home, alone. It was just a normal, really ordinary day. 

That night at home, just as we were finishing up dinner, the phone rang. I didn't really pay much attention at first, but listened to my mom's side of the conversation intently when I realized who was calling. 

Picking up the phone, my mom answered, "Hello? Oh, Hi Gloria... No... That's OK, we're just finishing dinner... Um... I'm not sure... OK, I'll ask him and have him give you a call... OK... Bye."

My mom hung up the phone and turned to me. She said, "That was Mrs. Mills. She needs a babysitter. She said that you did such a good job last time, she wanted to call you first. She wants to know if you're available this Saturday night?".

Thinking about how to respond, I sat silently for a moment, before replying, "Um... I'm not sure. Brooke and I were thinking about going skating... but, let me check with her and see."

"OK, just don't keep Gloria hanging," she said, "I think Bill is out of town again, and I'm sure she needs to get someone else booked if you can't do it."

"I won't," I replied, "I'll check with Brooke tonight."

After dinner, while working on my homework in my room, my cellphone rang... It was Brooke. After asking her how practice was, then following several minutes of small talk, I nervously said, "Uh... Mrs. Mills called my mom tonight and asked her if I would come over to babysit on Saturday."

Brooke, sounding surprised, replied, "Really? Have you babysat for her before?"

"Yes," I continued, nervously, "But, I'm... I'm really not sure if she needs a babysitter... or, if... if she's just trying to get me to come over."

Brooke let out her cute giggle, and said, obviously making fun of me, "You are such a stud," giggling again, "She just can't get enough of you."

"Stop, Brooke," I whined, "I'm only telling you this because I want you know... since you know our history together. Look, I'll just have my mom call her back and tell her that I'm busy that night. Then we can go skating like we planned."

... Total silence on the other end of the line. After getting no response, I asked, "Brooke?"

Finally responding, she replied, "No... go ahead and tell her you'll babysit. I'll come with you... I'm sure she wouldn't mind."

Now it was my turn to be silent... I had no idea what to say.

"Shawn? You there?" she asked.

Hesitating a second longer, I said, "Brooke, what if this is just a plan to get me to her house? What then?"

"Maybe she does just need a babysitter," Brooke responded, "But, if not, I'll be with you, so we'll just see what happens."

After another long hesitation, I said, "OK, if that's what you want to do. I'll let her know I'll be there."

Brooke quickly replied, "But don't tell her I'm coming... that will be our surprise."

After we said our goodbyes, I asked my mom to call Mrs. Mills back and let her know that I was available on Saturday. I retreated back to my room and laid on my bed. Thinking about what I had just agreed to, I felt anxious, edgy and worried, but also a really excited. I was pretty sure I knew why Mrs. Mills called asking for me to come watch her kids... and it probably didn't have anything to do with babysitting. Brooke, on the other hand, was the conundrum. Though I had some ideas, I wasn't quite sure what she was up to.

My suspicion about Mrs. Mills proved correct the next day. About an hour after school, I was home, going through the motions of studying for an English test. Brooke was, again, at gymnastics practice, while my parents were still at least another hour and a half away from getting home from work.

That's when our home phone rang. Normally, I'd just let it ring, and let the answering machine pick up... I mean, my cell phone was the only place that I normally got calls. But today, I had a pretty good hunch as to who might be calling.

In the split second between the second and third rings, I decided that I should answer the phone. Pulling the phone's headset from the wall, and putting it to my ear, I answered, "Hello?".

"Hi, Shawn," I immediately recognized Mrs. Mills voice, "Is eight o'clock OK on Saturday night."

Stammering for a second, unprepared, I answered, "Yeah, Um... eight o'clock is... uh... fine."

"Good," Mrs. Mills replied, "Bill is out of town for the next week, and my sister-in-law is taking the girls for the long weekend... so, you can stay for a couple of days if you want."

"Um... I'm not sure if I can... My parents... um... might wonder where I am," I replied, still nervous about Saturday.

"Shawn," Mrs. Mills continued, "You don't sound very enthusiastic. What's wrong? You're the one who told me to call you when Bill was away," a bit of irony in her voice.

"No.. No.. I'm looking forward to Saturday," I quickly replied, trying to get my act together. 

At this point, I knew that I needed to get back in my "role". I wanted... no, I needed... to get back to the dominance I exhibited over Mrs. Mills in the past. That's when I remembered the Valentine's Day outfit I bought her.

I went on, a bit more aggressively, "I am looking forward to our date. When I arrive, whether it be seven, eight, or nine o'clock, you are to be wearing the Valentine's lingerie I gave you." As another idea popped into my head, I quickly continued, "And... you will be wearing your bathrobe over the lingerie when you answer the door."

I heard Mrs. Mills breathing get a bit heavier as I spoke to her. I continued, "Got it?"

She answered quickly, and submissively, "Yes sir," as I felt my cock harden considerably, before I abruptly hung up the phone. Then, I quickly made a hasty retreat to my room to jerk off... again... to relieve the pressure in my pants.

That evening, Brooke called me when she got home from practice. After the usual small talk, I told her that Mrs. Mills had called me after school.

"What did she say?" Brooke asked, unable to mask her excitement.

"She said that her husband and kids would be away for the weekend... and that she wants me to stay for for two days, since school is out on Monday," I nervously replied.
