 'Fucking Asshole', I thought in my head... Those were two words that I never thought I'd hear Mrs. Mills use, especially in combination with each other, and directed at me. We had driven another thirty minutes, and Gloria had not said a word to me. I guess I deserved it though, it was a pretty dirty trick to expose her to the truck driver. But it did turn me on... I can't even imagine what the trucker was thinking seeing Mrs. Mills legs spread wide and my fingers buried into her shaved pussy.

I couldn't take driving another three hours in total silence... And I certainly didn't want Gloria to stay mad at me. However, I did think she was overreacting a bit... I mean she's having an affair, and going on vacation with her neighbor's son, fifteen years her junior. Plus, she certainly knows my affinity for a bit of exhibitionism... What's the big deal with a little flash?

After a quick stop at a highway rest area for a bathroom break, I decided I needed to say something as we pulled back onto the highway...

"Gloria?" I asked.

She glanced over, still not looking particularly happy with me.

"I'm sorry," I said, watching for her reaction out of the corner of my eye, as I kept my head forward and on the road.

She turned her head back toward the windshield, not responding.

"Gloria, look... I'm sorry...," I continued, now afraid she wouldn't forgive me, "You're the best thing that's ever happened to me... I... I just get a little worked up and crazy when I'm with you."

Gloria finally spoke, in a serious, even tempered tone, "Shawn... What were you thinking? Why would you want some stranger to see me like that?"

"I... I don't know...," I answered, "I kinda get off on showing off... Like... I guess I'm an exhibitionist, a little bit."

"If you were an exhibitionist, you'd show yourself off... not me" she countered, still stern, but no longer seeming as upset as she had been earlier.

'You don't think it's exciting?" I asked, "It turns me on thinking about a stranger seeing me naked."

"It wasn't you he saw!" she replied, sounding exasperated, and her tone a bit agitated.

I sat quietly for a few seconds, then asked, "Remember when you pulled the towel off of me in the hotel hallway, exposing me to the people by the elevator?"

Mrs. Mills didn't respond.

I continued, "I know you got off on that... and so did I... I can't help myself when I'm with you... You are so fucking beautiful, so perfect... I just wanna show you off..."

Looking straight ahead as I spoke, I finally turned my head to look at Gloria. She was looking back at me... She gave me a quick, reserved smile, and said, "Just don't surprise me like that again."

"OK," I replied, then leaned over intending to give her a quick peck on the cheek. But she leaned into me at the same time, our lips touching briefly before I turned my head back to the road.

Though our conversation was inhibited at first, the rest of the trip was great... By the time we were another hour down the road, all seemed forgotten, and our conversation continued effortlessly. Then, a couple of hours later, as we neared our destination, Mrs. Mills even got a frisky with me. 

As we approached the bridge that would take us over the last body of water before we reached the coast, I said, "We're almost to the beach... I'm getting excited."

"Really?" she asked, "How excited are you?" As she leaned over and playfully groped me over my shorts.

My cock immediately responded to her touch, and she giggled... Then slide her hand up under the right leg of the shorts and gave my growing penis a few quick tugs.

"I hope you stay excited," she said "I wanna do more than pull on it a little when we get to the house," a shy, devious smile spreading across her face.

As we drove down Beach Drive, we stole occasional glances at the natural beauty of the ocean, off to our left, when it appeared between the dunes. Gloria had slid all the way over towards me, and had her left hand resting on my upper thigh, massaging me with her fingers... and, occasionally, lightly brushing them over the bulge in my shorts.

Beach Drive was busy. In addition to the vehicle traffic, there were lots of people in bathing suits heading to and from the beach. Seafood markets, sandwich shops, delis, ice cream shops and other restaurants were bustling with activity, and parking lots were mostly full, as it was right around lunch time.

I asked Gloria, "Hungry? Want some lunch? There's a cool little sandwich shop a few miles from here."

"I'm starving." Gloria replied, "Lunch would be great."

The place I had picked out was a local landmark, mostly frequented by year-round residents, surfers and fisherman... But it usually wasn't that busy, as vacationers tended to go to the more commercial spots.

When we arrived, we stepped out of the car and stretched our legs for a minute. I gave Mrs. Mills a quick kiss, and holding her hand, I led her up the the wooden, pier-like walkway to the restaurant.

Just before we entered, Gloria pulled her hand away from mine. It was pretty obvious that she was uncomfortable showing me any outward attention in public. I wasn't thrilled with the gesture, but I let it go, and entered the restaurant, holding the door for her as we walked in.

I was surprised to find the restaurant was pretty crowded. Most of the tables were taken, but there were several seats open at the bar... So I led Gloria there, and we sat down on side-by-side stools at the end of the long counter, closest to the entrance.

We ordered our food at the bar, and I ordered a beer... Mrs. Mills opting for an iced tea, before I talked her into some sort of icy rum cocktail from the Specials Menu.

I noticed several eyes on Mrs. Mills while we sat at the bar... Not sure how anyone wouldn't notice her, though... She was super cute in her sundress, her fit, tan legs particularly eye catching.

As we waited for our food, I scooted my stool over, as close as I could get to Mrs. Mills, and picked up her hand in mine, then leaned in and gave her a short kiss. I was purposely showing extra outward attention trying to get her to relax a little bit ... I wasn't gonna spend a week at the beach with someone who wouldn't even hold my hand in public. I needed to get her to loosen up.

Gloria, didn't pull away, but she wasn't exactly warm and fuzzy either. So, I pushed it further... Making small talk, I leaned in close, acting like I was going to whisper something to her... But, instead of saying anything, I gave her a soft, warm kiss on the neck, just below her ear.

I could tell Gloria was now becoming uncomfortable with the attention I was giving her. As soon as I sat back up in my seat, she glanced around the bar area to see if anyone had seen me kissing her.

She noticed a group down at the other end of the bar watching us... A group that I had seen earlier... The same group that I had purposely waited for to look back in our direction before I kissed Mrs. Mills. It was a group of five... three guys and two girls... all probably around my age. I had initially noticed them looking at us when we sat down at the bar. They were in bathing suits, and looked like surfers. I didn't know for sure why they were watching us... Because we were out-of-towners? Maybe they noticed our age difference? Coincidence? More than likely they were just checking out Gloria... As I said before, she was striking

Just as I was leaning in to give her another kiss, Gloria whispered, "Shawn... not here...people are looking at us."

"Who cares," I responded, before leaning in again, and giving her another kiss before she could protest.

"Stop," she whispered.

"Come on Gloria," I said, "Relax, we're on vacation."

"They keep looking at us," she replied, eyes shifting in the direction of the surfers, "They're probably wondering why you're with someone so much older than you."

'They're looking over here because they're looking at you... They're checking you out," I said.

Gloria didn't respond, but still looked uncomfortable.

"Gloria," I said, "Just chill out. Nobody at this bar cares how old you are... and I doubt anyone thinks you're that much older than me... You're the most beautiful woman in here... They're probably looking at me wondering 'What's she doing with that guy?'.

This got a little laugh, and a reserved smile out of Gloria... And she lightened up significantly through lunch, showing me some attention, though conservatively... And even allowing me to hold her hand as we walked out of the restaurant afterwards.

We arrived at the beach house a short time later... It was located in a much quieter, residential section in a town a little further south... The house was oceanfront, and wedged tightly in between two other much larger, newer homes.

Though the house was a bit older than those around it, it was well-kept, and clean. It stood on stilts, as did almost all of the houses in this area. I felt incredibly lucky to have use of Jay's family vacation house... and for free. Virtually every single house in this neighborhood would be rented this time of year... and they weren't cheap.

We pulled into one of two parking spaces, beneath the house, and in between the wood beams holding up the home.

"Alright... Let's get unloaded," I said.

Mrs. Mills, obviously excited about reaching our destination, replied enthusiastically, "Let's go out and see the beach... We can come back and unload in a little while."

I was thrilled to see Mrs. Mills so eager, and so excited to be here with me.

We flipped off our shoes before I took her hand and led her to a sandy path that ran alongside the house... This path was shared by our neighbor, before it broke into two separate paths - one that ran behind our house, and one that ran behind the neighbor's. Once we were on our side of the trail, it cut between two high dunes covered in sea grass and reeds that blew from side to side in the light breeze.

The end of the path opened up into a wide, sandy beach, the bright sun reflecting off the hot sand. The ocean was about thirty yards in front of us, and the smell of the salt air and the sound of waves crashing on the shoreline was intoxicating.

As we walked, hand-in-hand, toward the ocean, we began to pick up our pace... the sand was quite hot on the soles of our feet, and we had to keep moving. I could see a couple dozen beach umbrellas, as I looked up & down the shoreline... It was relatively crowded for this area, but there was still plenty of open space.

We stopped in front of the ocean, our feet in the water where the waves lapped up on the shore before quickly retreating. I put my arm around Gloria's waist, and she leaned into me... We talked, and stared at the ocean as time drifted away.

I finally said, "C'mon, let go get unpacked... I wanna show you the house... And after that, I wanna fuck you."

Gloria giggled at my directness, but then grabbed my hand, and led me back up the beach, and towards the house. As we walked down the short, private path on our way back, I pulled her towards me, wrapped my arms around her waist, then pushed my body into hers. We embraced each other, in a long, intense kiss. My hands wandered back to Mrs. Mills ass, and she surprisingly allowed me to give her a long, thorough fondling... Though it would have been hard for anyone to see us between the sand dunes, unless someone in one of the houses next door happened to be looking out their window.

I was so worked up at this point, I was ready to strip her right there, and fuck her in the sand... But she pulled away from me, grabbed my hand, and led me towards the house. When we got to the house, she started towards the door. However, I redirected her from behind, gently guiding her to the outdoor shower. 

It was on the side of the house, and enclosed on all four sides with wooden planks. It had a concrete floor, and a drain in the center below our feet. It was relatively private, but it was open to the sky above, and there was about an inch between each plank that you could see through to the outside. The shower had a spigot at about knee level that you could turn on to rinse your feet... As well as a shower head up on the wall above our head.

Playfully nudging her into the enclosed shower, then shutting the door behind us, I said, "Gotta rinse our feet before we go in."

I turned the handle on the faucet, and water gently, but steadily rushed from the spout... "Feet up under," I said, then dropped down to my knees.

Gloria, lifted her feet one-at-a-time, and I gently, sensually rubbed her feet, washing away the sand as the water ran over her shins... and down over her legs... She giggled and squirmed as I purposely tickled her toes with my fingertips. 

The water splashing up off the concrete floor had completely soaked me from the waist down, and I caught Gloria staring down at the bulge between my legs, the clear outline of my cock visible, sticking to the fabric of my shorts.

I stood up, and said, "My turn," and I guided Gloria's back to the wall, pressing myself into her and lifting my feet up, one-at-a time, under the faucet, on each side of her legs. 

She grabbed my hips, and pulled my waist into her, and we kissed, our tongues probing each other's mouth. I reached behind her and turned the handle to the shower head... Luke warm water poured down over our heads, as Gloria let out a gasp and a giggling squeal of surprise.

We had become completely soaked, and our clothes were stuck to our bodies. I took half a step back and saw the that Gloria's curves were accentuated by her clothes, clinging tightly to her body.

I reached down to the bottom hem of the dress and pulled it upwards. Gloria lifted her arms to make it easier to remove, with the wet fabric almost adhering to her skin as I peeled up over her head.

I dropped her dress on the ground beside us... Gloria's panties were sagging down, just off of her hips from the weight of the wet fabric, and I could clearly see her pink nipples through the now-tranparent material of her bra.

I slid her panties downward, and she grabbed at the waistband of my shorts... Frantically pushing them down and off my hips. Shorts now down around my ankles, she grabbed my ass with both hands and pulled my hips into hers, her back against the wooden wall of the shower.

I roughly pushed her bra upwards, over her tits, then leaned in and kissed her breasts... Maybe I was a bit out-of-my-mind with excitement, or maybe I was imagining it, but her nipples seemed harder, and more erect than I had ever noticed before... They must have jutted out half an inch, as I suckled, and softly nibbled on them, alternating between each boob.

Mrs. Mills was out of her mind with passion, moaning and whimpering... showing no concern being about the possibility of being heard. She continued to tightly hold onto my ass cheeks, roughly pulling me into her, while pushing her mid-section into my swollen cock.

After grinding our wet bodies together for several more minutes, I grabbed Mrs. Mills with both hands... On the back of her upper thighs, just below her ass. Then I lifted her up... Her back supported by, and tightly pressed against the wall behind her.

I plunged my cock into her... No maneuvering and no edging in... Just a single, hard push, and I was deep into her soaking wet, warm cunt.

Overcome with sexual excitement, I pounded my cock in and out of her... Hard and fast... The thumping of her back hitting the wall behind her, not quite concealing her loud moans and screams of pleasure.

Almost completely oblivious to anything but Mrs. Mills, and the ecstasy of the sex, I almost didn't notice... but I heard soft, distant voices not too far away. Gloria, hadn't seemed to notice, but between the the thumping of the wall shaking behind her, the noise of the water still running above us, and all the racket she was making, I wasn't surprised.

With no interest in stopping out of fear, or modesty, I kept pushing my cock up into Gloria... I was getting close to cumming, but also becoming even more turned on knowing strangers were nearby...

Glancing through the slots in between the wood around the shower, I could make out two sets of legs, walking from the direction of the beach, and down the path on the side of the house... As they disappeared from view, I focused on the next gap between the boards... Now closer, I could make out two sets of long, tan legs, and though I couldn't pick up what they were saying, I could hear two female voices speaking to one another.

I kept adjusting my gaze to the corresponding gaps in the wall as they approached. As they came up along the side of the house, they stopped. Through the slit in-between the boards I was currently looking through, I had a fairly clear view of them. It was two girls, or really women, probably in their late teens or early twenties... They were both in bikinis, and carrying beach bags... Probably using the path as a cut-though to get back into the neighborhood.

They were looking straight at the enclosed outdoor shower, giggling and whispering to each other. There's no way they could see anything other than shadows between the wood slots, but they had undoubtedly heard all of the commotion, and knew exactly what was going on behind the wall.

I continued to pound Gloria against the wall, who was still completely oblivious to the two girls, just 20 feet away, as she continued moaning, almost crying, as she came for at least the second time in the last few minutes.

Incredibly excited by our audience, I couldn't hold back any longer... With one final thrust, and a loud grunt, I ejaculated deep into Gloria's waiting cunt, continuing to push myself deeper into her until I was completely drained.

The girls outside the shower both started laughing out loud, giggling in delight as they again began walking... continuing back down the sandy path.

Gloria heard them this time, and quickly looked to her left in surprise, reacting to the voices outside. She didn't become frenetic, or panicked however... She just stayed quietly still, up against the wall as their voiced faded.

I whispered, "Holy shit... where'd they come from?" Before a mischievous grin formed on Gloria's lips as she broke out in laughter.

... To be continued