 I woke up the next day at around noon.  That was one of the nicest parts of the summer for me: sleeping late.  I loved to sleep and didn't seem to get the chance very often during the school year (that's probably an understatement :) ).  The previous days events seemed surreal, like a dream, and upon waking up I almost thought that was what they were.  But my mind soon reminded me of all that I had seen and felt, and it struck me what I had gotten myself into.  I felt both excited and sickened as I thought about what I had done, and those emotions doubled when I considered her parting words.  "Can you come back over tomorrow?" she had said as I left.  The thought of returning to that house sent a warm rush into my groin.

I hopped out of bed and gae my mouse a tap to check my e-mail.  My parents had decided to get cable right after I had moved out (I'd begged them for years...of course they waited until I moved!) so it was only a few seconds before I had my e-mail up on the screen.  There was a lot of spam in my inbox, and as I reached for the delete button I saw one with the subject line, "You busy tonight?"  I clicked it open, and it was indeed from Mrs. Miller.

"Good thing I didn't delete that," I said quietly to myself as I opened the e-mail.

"Good morning," I heard behind me along with a knock on the door.  I quickly minimized the window and jumped up, throwing on a shirt to cover my "morning glory."

"Mornin', mom."  I smiled as I opened the door for my mom.

"Glad to see you slept late, son.  You up to anything today?"

"Probably not until tonight, but I'll see what comes up."

"You think you could find some time in your busy schedule to come do something with your dear old mom?"

"Sure mom," I said with a wink.  "Give me an hour to get ready and we'll go grab lunch somewhere."

"Sounds good sweetie," she smiled back at me.

I closed the door as she walked away.  My mom was sweet, and I hadn't seen much of her since heading off to school.  It would be nice to spend some time with her.  But in all honesty, there was another mother that I was thinking of right then.  I popped my e-mail back open and gave it a read.

"Hey John, it's Claire.  I had fun yesterday and was wondering if you'd like to join me tonight at 10:00 at my house.  If you're having second thoughts, check out the attachment.  See you tonight."

I wasn't having second thoughts, but I decided to open the attachment anyway.  With my cable modem, it took about 30 seconds to download and open the zip file.  I unzipped and double clicked on the video file.  Up popped up and image of Mrs. Miller.  She was in a summery dress in her living room.  She moved back to an arm chair, sat down, and pulled the dress about to reveal her naked pussy.  She then spread her legs, one over each arm of the chair, grabbed a dildo, off of the night stand, and moved it towards her pussy.  It slowly entered her, and she squirmed.

She began fucking herself with the dildo, moaning and squirming in the chair from her self-provided pleasures.  I watched, unable to look away, for 2 minutes, until she came with a loud yelp.  She then pulled the dildo out of her cunt, and brought it up to her mouth where she sucked it clean.  I looked down to see myself masturbating and had to grab a tissue to keep from cumming all over the place.

If there had been any doubt about my plans for the night, it was gone now.


I had a really nice time with my mom.  We went out to a nice little italian place for lunch and generally had a good talk; the kind we hadn't had in quite a while.  But the whole time, Mrs. Miller was in the back of my mind.  No matter what else I thought of, my brain eventually returned to images of Mrs. Miller pleasuring herself with her hand, a toy, me. . .

More than once my mom had to snap me back into reality.  But I had always been a little spacy as a kid, and I don't think she took any special notice of my absent-mindedness (or my boner, for that matter).  There was no doubt in my mind that I would be VERY horny by the time I got to Mrs. Miller's house that night.

After lunch, I spent the rest of the day sitting around the house, watching TV, surfing the internet, playing my car, anything I could think of to keep my mind in reality and kill time until 10:00.  The thought definitely entered my mind of trying to surprise her by showing up early.  Perhaps I could catch her in the middle of whatever plans she had for me?  But in the end, I decided that any plans she had for me would probably be worth getting trapped in, so I help on to my sanity and bided my time until night finally came.


10:00 finally came around after what felt like an eternity of waiting and killing time.  I walked up to the Miller's front step at 10:00 PM on the dot; I'd promised myself that I wouldn't get there early, but that didn't mean I was gonna be even a minute late.

The door was ajar and I pushed it in to find an orange tank top at my feel.  "Holy shit," I thought, "this woman is good."  I could see a pair of jean shorts at the foot of the stairs and headed up.  In the hall was a black bra that I would've killed to see Mrs. Miller in (but would certainly settle for seeing her out of!).  It was right next to an open door leading into Mrs. Miller's bedroom.  I stepped in and saw a pair of black panties sitting on the floor outside of the door to her bathroom, from under which I could see light under the door.  I picked up the panties; they were warm and smelled of arousal.  She really had this all planned out to a T.

I turned the knob and pushed the door open into the bathroom.  The bathroom was enormous!  It was all marble and had a huge hot tub.  But what really drew my attention was, of course, Mrs. Miller.  She was sitting in the steaming water of the hot tub, up to her chest.  Her large breasts were hidden just below the bubbling surface.  I wanted to dive in so badly I almost forgot to take off my clothes.

"Hi sexy," she intoned.  "Take off those clothes and come on in, the water is perrrfect."  She smiled seductively, and I scrambled to take my shorts off.  "Take your time babe, we have all night."  She winked as she said this and I nearly fell over at the thought.

"Just calm down, John," I told myself as I slid into the tub, trying to act casually.   I sat down across from her.  I felt her smooth legs against mine.

"Have a good day, Mrs. Miller?"

"It was alright, though a bit dull.  And please, John, call me Claire."

"I'm sorry, Claire.  It's just a habit.  Hard to kick I guess."

"Well, don't worry about it too much.  I hope you didn't have a bad day."  As she asked me I felt her foot move up my leg.  She began to rub my cock with her foot.

I gulped.  "No, not too bad.  And getting better."  She was driving me crazy, her foot was really turning me on.  She was slowly rubbing it up and down the length of my shaft under the water.

"Is everything okay, John?"

"Yup!  Fine Mrs., Claire."  I was going insane.

She stood up and moved towards me, kissing me.  I kissed her back, our tongues meeting in the middle and playing with eachother.  Her hand dropped under the water and began slowly stroking me.  "Good, I want you to be very comfortable."  She said during a break in the kissing, and then leaned in to nibble my ear.  I moaned softly.

"Mm...Mrs. Miller."

"Sit up on the side of the tub, John.  I want that cock of yours again."  I obeyed immediately.  She planted a kiss on the head of my cock.  She then kissed her way down the side and slowly back up, continuing to slowly stroke it with her hand as she went.  When she got back up to the top, she took the top two inches or so into her mouth and ran her tongue around the bottom rim of my head.  I sighed loudly as I felt the warmth of her mouth on the end of my cock.  She pulled away for a second.  "I bet you never would've guessed I loved to suck cock, would you John?"  She returned to her work, sucking a little more of my hard-on this time.  Her tongue was driving me crazy as she slowly moved her lips up and down on my shaft.  She took me out of her mouth again and continued to stroke me.  She kissed her way down my penis and kissed my balls.  She then began licking the base of my penus and my scrotum.  I was getting incredibly hot as she did this, and moaned again as her lips returned to pull my cock head into her mouth again.

"Mrs. Miller, I'm gonna cum."

"Not yet you're not."  She continued slowly stroking my cock, but moved her mouth back to the base of my cock to lick and kiss me there somemore.  I couldn't take it, I need to cum!  This continued for another minute before she decided to take mercy on me and began sucking the head of my cock more ferociously then ever.  I held onto the tub for dear life as I came into her mouth.  She swallowed it all up, and then licked my cock all around to get the excess off and swallow that too.  The feeling of her tongue on me when I was that sensitive drove me wild.

I slid back into the water and kissed her, moving around to kiss and suck on the side of her neck and ears.  She squirmed beneath me.  "mmmmmmm," she managed to get out.  "I like it when a boy is grateful."  She held me head to she side of her neck, forcing me to continue kissing her there.  I wasn't going to argue!  She twisted her tongue around so she was breathing into my ear, and whispered to me.  "John, I want your tongue on my pussy again. . . you ate me out so good yesterday and it had been such a long time."  She grabbed my ear with her teeth and gave it a not-too-gentle yank as she backed away and got up on the side of the tub.  She leaned against the wall, spread her legs wide, and then motioned to me with her finger.  How could I turn that down?


I moved slowly across the tub towards her and kissed her sensually on the lips, then worked my way down her neck.  "John, you little fuck.  Stop teasing me and get your tongue onto my clit."  She grabbed me by my hair and shoved my head down towards her pussy, pulling me into her.  "Now keep licking my cunt until I come on your face or you'll be sorry you were ever born."  This was a side of Mrs. Miller that I had NEVER even imagined, and it was making me horny as hell.  I felt my cock recovering from her earlier oral activities as I began to lick her twat.

I ran my tongue up and down her slit a few times, probing her hole a little as I did so.  "Mmm, that's better John.  You're a good cunt lick. . .oooh!" she was cutoff as I began to attack her clit.  I continued working on her clit, alternating between circling around, licking it up and down, and sucking on it as hard as I could.  She tried to keep up the dirty talk but soon all of her energy was dedicated to staying up on the side of the slippery tub.

"John, John," she panted, "put a finger in me now.  I need it so bad.  Give it to me."  I took my middle finger and slid it into her pussy all the way, and then began rubbing her inside walls with it.  I could feel her tense as I hit her g-spot with it, and concentrated on that area once I'd found it, fucking her while wiggling my finger around inside her.  This, combined with my tongue working on her clit, was driving her to the edge.  She nearly feel as she came; I was the only thing that stopped her.  Cum came practically pouring out of her, and I did my best to lick it up.  "Yeah, drink my cum, John.  Drink.  I know you like old woman cum, don't you?"

"Mmm. . .you taste great, Mrs. Miller."

"I'm glad you like it, John."  She was starting to calm down now.  "Can I try?"  Before I could say anything, she grabbed my finger and sucked it clean.  "Mmm. . .it is good.  Now that I know you like it I won't feel bad about asking you to eat me out all the time."

I smiled and slid back in the tub to sit across from her.  My head whipped to the side though; I could've sworn I saw something out of the corner of my eye, just outside the window.  "Did you see something out there?" I asked.

"Don't worry about it, I'm sure it's nothing, my house has an alarm."  I kept looking out the window until I felt Mrs. Miller's weight on me.  She sat down, straddling, and my cock went into her pussy.

"Whoa, Mrs. Miller!  I didn't know we were. . ."

"Gonna fuck?  I'm a grown woman and I need cock in my pussy from time to time; especially a big young cock like yours.  Is this your first time?"

"Well, no, but. . ."  I'd had sex with my girlfriend in high school, but it was always akward and not very good, so we usually stuck to oral stuff.  This already felt amazing though; she was just gyrating her hips gently and it was causing the head of my cock to rub against the inside of her pussy in an incredible way.

"Well then relax and let me fuck you."  She started to pump up and down as she moved her hips and it felt incredible.  My cock was rock solid again.  As she fucked me, her breasts were right in front of my face, so I leaned forward and grabbed one, bringing her nipple to my mouth.  "Mmmm. . .that's nice. . .suck my tits while I fuck your big cock."  She sounded like she was enjoying herself as well.  Her breathing was fast; she'd never fully come down from her first orgasm and was on her way up to a second.

She was moving on my cock faster now, the water in the tub moving in waves all around.  "I'm gonna cum John, your big cock is gonna make me cum!"  She groaned loudly as I felt her muscles tighten on my cock.  I'd already cum once, and thus was still hard and had a little more left in me.  She kept fucking me and moving her hips as she came down.

"John, you've been good to me," she said as she fucked me slowly.  "Do you want to keep fucking my pussy?  I was thinking since we're already so wet you might like to try something else?"

"What did you have in mind?"

Without a word, she climbed off of my cock and lowered herself into the water.  She took my cock in her mouth again for a second to get it lubed up, and then rose out of the water and placed it between her breasts.  She began to move up and down, fucking my with her chest.  It didn't feel as good as her pussy, but the sight of my cock moving up and down through her cleavage drove me wild.  "You like that?" she asked.  I didn't bother to answer.  She looked down and began rubbing my cockhead with her tongue as it came up from between her boobs.

"I'm gonna cum soon, Mrs. Miller," I barely managed to get out.

She took my cock out from her breasts and put the tip in her mouth, sucking and licking just the head.  This was more than I could stand and I came into her mouth.  She once again swallowed it all and then stood up, her beauty revealed before me.  "Did you have fun, John?"

I just stood up and kissed her.

"See you tomorrow?"

"Maybe, I'll see how I'm feeling, I can't do this everyday. . .I'm not 19 anymore."  She smiled as she said this and then leaned in to kiss me.  I put my arms around her and kissed her back, all of my thoughts forgotten for a while.

I helped her dry off, kissed her good night, and then headed home with thoughts of the other things we would do together playing through my mind the whole way.  Every hour away from her was torture as I thought of what lay ahead.