 It was late Thursday afternoon when Janis, my secretary, stuck her head in the door and said, "Your four o'clock appointment is here and I'm getting ready to take off. Remember you said I could go home early today."

Damn! I had forgotten about Mrs. Russell. Tomorrow and Monday were holidays and I was looking forward to getting an early start on the long weekend myself. I had just met a new, hot lady I was hoping to get to know better, a lot better. I had made reservations for a weekend trip to the Bahamas on one of the cruise ships out of Miami. I desperately needed to get lucky, and I don't mean at the craps table.

I had only skimmed over the Russell file. Sixty-four year old Fred Russell, a successful businessman, had driven his car off a cliff on the Pennsylvania Turnpike. The method of death suggested suicide but there was no other evidence to back it up. Under the terms of the policy, suicide paid nothing, regular loss of life was $250,000 and the double indemnity clause paid $500,000. As an insurance investigator it was my job to determine which was the case. If he drove off the cliff on purpose she got nothing, if he had a heart attack and died before going of the cliff she got $250,000 but if he fell asleep then took the big jump she could be in line for the full half million. His wife, Mrs. Fred Russell was named as the sole beneficiary under the policy. 


Well, let's get the old battle-ax in here and see what we can do. I called Janis on the intercom, "Send Mrs. Russell in before you go. Have a nice weekend. See you Tuesday."

The door opened and in walked a very tall and very attractive blond, tastefully dressed in a short skirt and frilly blouse. She had long tan legs with flat-heeled sandals and no hose. I guessed her to be in her early 30's, about ten years younger than myself. She was a beautiful woman, with large, firm, shapely breasts, a narrow waist and hips that promised heaven. She demurely took a seat in front of my desk as I fiddled with the file.

"How do you do, Mrs. Russell? I was just familiarizing myself with your the status of your, ah, claim." I would kill to familiarize myself with her body.

"Let's cut the small talk. It's been over four months since my husband drove off that cliff. I need to close this and get along with my life. I know, first hand, and my private investigator found out that the medical examiner said, he was alive when he went off the cliff, so I am entitled to the full amount of the double indemnity claim."

Unfortunately, without any proof of suicide, she was probably right. In any case, we would probably lose a court trial, the jury would award her the full amount of the claim and we would be stuck with the cost of the litigation too. It would be best to cut our losses and settle. I wondered if I could negotiate something a little below the full $500,000. 

As I shuffled through the file and looked at the photo of the demolished car she came around the end of the desk and looked at the picture over my right shoulder. It was impossible to ignore her perfume or, in fact, any part of her presence. Her left breast was just brushing my shoulder and I could feel her warm breath in my ear. She should have been able to see the goose bumps on the skin of my neck. I know I felt a pleasant stirring in my loins that had become more and more frequent over the past few weeks.

"Our investigator said he cannot be sure that Mr. Russell was alive when he went off the cliff but, if he was, there is a good chance that it was suicide." Maybe, if a good bluff worked, I could be on my way to the Bahamas to take care of this unusual swelling condition in my penis. I gave her my best comforting smile and, as I began to put things back into the file folder, said, "I'll contact the company and see if they will settle for the face value of the policy and save a long legal battle".

She moved back around to the front of the desk, gave me a dazzling smile and said, "Not on your life. I have been fucked too many times by big business and I'm not going to let you or some dickless insurance company do it to me again. I might let you do it to me for free but not for two hundred and fifty grand." 

I wasn't sure what she said after the part about "For free." I think she said something else, but all I could hear was my libido screaming in my ear, beating on the inside of my chest.

She sat down and continued, "Why don't you close up here and take me to dinner so we can talk about it."

About what? Fucking me for free or settling the policy? I think I mumbled something about canceling some plans. She stood up to leave but I couldn't because the swelling in my crotch was so severe I knew you could hang a flag from it.

She flashed me another of those dazzling smiles and said, "OK, I am in the executive suite at the Sheraton downtown. Call me later and lets see if we can get our thoughts and things together."

Oh, damn, I did want to get my thing together with hers! But I wimped out and said, "Fine, I'll call you about 6:30, if that's OK."

She nodded her acceptance and breezed out of the office, leaving the essence of her perfume hanging in the air, throwing love darts into me like some invisible seductress.

I made a flurry of canceling the boat and hotel reservations. Canceling the trip with Lucile was not as easy. When I told her that something unexpected 'came up' she indicated that I could kiss the part of her I could see as she departed. She also said something about me passing up an opportunity to have my eyes roll back into my head and that the temperature in the neither world would be quite chilly before I had another chance as good as this to experience ultimate bliss.

Back in my apartment I wondered if I was a fool for passing up sure thing Lucile for Mrs. Russell. (I didn't even know her first name yet). In the shower, I washed away the day’s grime, wondered about relieving my swelling, decided against it, shaved and changed into my best casual slacks and sport blazer. I called her promptly at 6:30 and made a date to meet her in the hotel dinning room at 7:00.

Her entrance into the hotel dinning room was breathtaking. Conversation dimmed, forks full of food paused on their way to open mouths, waiters stood still in their tracks and even other women stopped talking to look at her. She wore a simple black dress that was in sharp contrast to her blond hair and showed her outstanding figure to maximum advantage. The maître d' made a fool of himself fawning over her as he showed her to my table.

I’m sure I wasn’t any more suave when I stood up to welcome her, the winds of coitus were blowing cobwebs across my mind, blocking any rational thought. “Good evening Mrs. Russell.”

“I’m no longer Mrs. I am a widow now, remember? Anyway, I would prefer Rita to Ms. Russell.”

She sat and we ordered. She had a he-man-sized filet mignon and I had a small prime rib. Over dinner we discussed her claim and I explained that if it went to litigation, we would both the out by the amount of the attorneys fees. I suggested we settle for something a little less than the full, face amount of the policy. She laughed and said, "You know was well as I do that my claim is valid and likely to be upheld. If it is, you'll get to pay all of the attorney’s fees and the full amount the policy to boot.” 

“But….”

She leaned toward me, giving me a wonderful view of her cleavage and, in the tones of a conspirator whispered, “I’ll tell you what, you approve the full amount of the policy and I'll give you the best piece of ass you ever had.”

Suddenly my tongue was swollen in my mouth. “I, I’ll – er -- I Don’t – Maybe -- I can – Oh hell, yes, I will do it!” God how I wanted to do it!

She smiled, put her hand on top of mine and said, “OK, we will go back by your office, you can sign the release papers and then we can go up to my room. I’m glad you want to make love to me; I’m looking forward to it. I haven’t had sex with another person since my husband died and I am horny as hell. By the way, do you eat pussy?”

I don’t know if it was her last question, her eyes looking deep into me, or her hand on mine, but something caused me to loose control of my knees, mouth and lips. I just sat there paralyzed, unable to make any words beyond some noise that sounded like I was strangling. 

“Are you OK?”

The thickness of my tongue made it difficult to speak but I finally was able to say, “Yes, lets go and execute the pussy – er - policy release right away.” 

In the car going to my office, it was even worse. She sat very close to me and kept putting her hand on my leg. I just knew that my cock was going to rip its way out of my pants like some puny anaconda and attack her arm. After six or seven minutes we finally got there, went up to my office and signed the necessary documents. 

She took her copies of the papers and put them in her purse, turned and put her arms around my neck. “Are we all done? Well let me start by giving you a little reward and a taste of what is to come.” She kissed me, long, hard and very wet. 

My mind was already buying pussy in the shop of earthly delights when she dropped to her knees and unzipped my fly. Her mouth was tantalizing warm and soft as it stroked me. I know that standing in the middle of an office with all of your clothes on and a beautiful woman sucking your cock is not the sexiest thing I could describe, but you should try it. The sensation of ecstasy was so great I couldn’t hold back and had a massive orgasm in just a minute or two. Cum that I had been saving for weeks was expended in moments. She finally had to let some of it trickle down her chin. When she took her mouth away, it continued to ooze out of the end of my cock, making a puddle on the carpeted floor. Janis would probably wonder what it was on Tuesday.

I was so week with euphoria that I could care less about the carpet. I staggered backward to sit in one of the reception chairs, my rapidly softening cock still sticking out of my pants. Rita had taken a Kleenex from her handbag and was wiping the cum from her face. “Hey big guy, don’t get too comfortable, you still owe me one. Lets get back to my hotel where I can get out of these clothes,” She came over and stuffed my deflated dick into my pants and zipped me up. “Lets go.”

Although she rubbed my penis repeatedly in the car there was very little response until she unzipped my fly, pulled it out and started sucking on it again. 

By the time we got to her hotel, I was so hard I could barely walk and it was very awkward as we crossed the lobby toward the elevators. In the elevator car, she once again started fondling my cock through my pants and kissing me. She opened the door to her suite and pushed me inside. “Get ready for the ride of your life big boy. I have been waiting a long time for the man who would give up a quarter of a million dollars for me and I want to make Damn sure he gets his money’s worth.”

She pushed me down on the bed and stripped my trousers and boxers down around my ankles. As soon as my rigid cock was visible she gobbled it up again. She was sucking me and removing her clothes all at the same time. By the time she had all of her clothes off, I had my shoes and pants off. I still had my coat and shirt on and was fucking her mouth for all I was worth. 

“You like that, don’t you? Well I have bigger plans for us. I want you to taste the sweetest pussy in the world.”

She moved around to the sixty-nine position and sat on my face. She was right! It was so good I almost forgot about her soft mouth and tongue caressing, licking and sucking on me. Her pussy was very wet and the clit was very pronounced, almost a little nipple of soft skin. I could easily suck it into my mouth and run my tongue all over it. Each time I did that, she let out a low “MMMM” sound until she finally stopped sucking on me, raised her head and just enjoyed what I was doing to her. 

She began pushing herself down on my mouth, harder and harder and moaning louder and louder. With a loud “Oh my God, I’m cumming,” she finally had her first orgasm, but I wouldn’t release her. With my arms around her waist I held her in position and sucked until she was almost wailing, Every time my tongue touched her she quivered and sucked in her breath.

She finally broke my grip on her waist and moved around to lie along side of me gasping for breath. I tried to put my head between her legs again, but she wouldn’t let me. “Wait a minute big boy, let me rest for a few seconds, then I want to feel your dick inside of me. I want you to fuck me from behind. I want to be able to feel it when you unload your cum into me.”

While she rested, I slipped out of bed and took off my coat, shirt and the rest of my clothes. By the time I finished and washed my face, she was flat on her back, snoring lightly. I crawled onto the end of the bed and again put my head between her legs, only this time I had complete control. With my arms wrapped around her thighs, my fingers could pull the lips of her pussy open; exposing her clit and making it stand up. I could suck it in my mouth and run my tongue all over it. This was very successful because she had another orgasm in a very few minutes. I had recouped enough to fulfill the rest of her request so I slid upward between her legs, my cock coming into contact with her pussy.

The sweet nectar from her box was all over my face, but she didn't seem to care and neither did I. I worked my way up, licking and kissing across her tummy to her waist, pausing at her breasts long enough to make sure each nipple was properly attended to, and finally to her face. My tongue entered her mouth at almost the same instant she opened her legs even wider and welcomed my cock into her pussy. She wrapped her legs around my ass and, with a grunt, pulled my penis deep into her.

She said, ‘God, that feels good.”

She was right!

I began to stroke. Slowly, every nerve ending in my body deserted its post and reconvened in the seven inches of my flesh that was slipping in and out of the softest place in the world. Nothing mattered except the feelings that were being transmitted to my brain from this magical union. I was lost. If someone told me I would die if I didn’t stop, I would have happily accepted my fate.

Slowly, in and out, each stroke faster and deeper than the last, I fucked her. In and out, for what seamed an eternity. In and out, all outside influences blocked from my mind. In and out until I realized she was almost screaming in climax. In and out, in and out, until I joined her in ecstasy. My entire body stiffened and I could feel the fruit of my loins being reaped by her harvesting pussy. Grunt after grunt I deposited my seed, deep inside her.

I collapsed on top of her, totally spent. I couldn’t believe I had cum twice within a period of an hour and she scored three times.

She pushed me off to one side, saying, “God, that was good, I think I will keep you.”

“Was I really good or do you say that to everybody that gives you a quarter million dollars?”

“I was going to get it anyway,” she smiled. “I will tell you a secret. I think the reason he drove off that cliff was because he was distracted. We were talking on his cell phone and I was telling him how I was going to give him a world-class blowjob when he got home. I was giving him a blow-by-blow description of what I was going to do to him. He had his cock out and was masturbating. He screamed that he was cumming seconds before the crash. The coroners report said that his penis was out and there was semen on his pants, his shirt, the steering wheel and even the windshield of the car.”

She smiled again, “So you see, you really were that good. Now, kiss me and lets do it again.”

Copyright © 02-16-2003 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.

For comments on this story contact me at the link below.