 I've never had much luck with women. It's not that I'm unattractive – my looks are average at worst. I stand at about 5'11, with blonde hair, green eyes and a slightly muscular build. It's just that since I was a freshman in high school, I've loved computers. My mother bought me an old computer from one of her work friends and from the minute I turned it on, I immersed myself in the world of computer electronics – programming, hardware, web design - anything that interested me. Needless to say, my social life took second place to computers in my hierarchy of importance. Throughout my high school career, I had only a couple of serious girlfriends. But by my senior year, I knew most of the ins and outs of the computer world. Ironically enough, it was this knowledge that led me to become involved with a woman who showed me things greater than any hunk of plastic and metal ever could. 

*** 

"Is anyone in here good with computers?" 

I looked up from the thick World History book, suddenly interested when Ms. Davis had said something about computers. 

"Anybody?" she asked again. 

I hesitated a little, but raised my hand timidly. She looked directly at me. "You are, Seth? I'm taking a web design class this semester and I have no idea what I'm doing. I mean, I've barely even touched a computer. Are you busy after school? Would you mind staying here and helping me study?" 

How could I resist? Ms. Davis was a beautiful young woman, no more than 25 years old. Her soft young face was framed by a shock of lovely light brown hair; her almond-colored eyes were big and innocent. I had often found myself sizing up her body, my eyes moving voraciously up and down her petite figure. She often wore soft-colored sweaters that showed off her round, full breasts. She wore at least a C cup – quite large for a woman of her size; she was about 5'5 and probably weighed no more than 115 pounds. I had instantly taken a liking to her when I began taking her World History class. She was a calm, humorous person – unlikely traits for a teacher. 

So when she asked me to help her study, I couldn't say no. She seemed like such a nice person, and was quite attractive as well – getting to know her better couldn't hurt. 

That afternoon after the last bell rang, I went to her class and opened the door. She was sitting at one of the desks, looking down at a book. She looked up as I arrived and we exchanged hellos. As I sat down next to her, I half-expected her to suddenly kiss me and tell me she wanted to have sex right there on the desk; I suppose it had always been a little fantasy of mine to fuck a teacher. Of course, nothing of the sort happened. I helped her go over some notes and study for a quiz she'd be taking the next day. Although the meeting seemed to be strictly business, she seemed comfortable around me, which made me feel comfortable with her. It didn't feel awkward or uneasy as I had feared it would; she was such a nice person that I couldn't help but feel as if we were old friends. 

After about an hour of studying, she thanked me for helping her and asked me if I could stop by the next day as well. "Sure," I said with a smile. She thanked me again and I left. 

Things continued that way for the next few weeks. I went to her class almost every day to help her study after school. I became more and more comfortable around her; after a few days I felt as if she was just one of my school friends. I could joke around with her - something I could never do with another teacher. Her pleasant smile and infectious laugh had made me feel totally at ease with her. After a few weeks, I realized that I was beginning to like her, not just as a woman who I was attracted to, but as a person as well. 

I quickly scolded myself for having those thoughts. She was much older than me, and a relationship between her and I would probably be not only awkward but unwelcome. However, I was 18; it's not as if it would be illegal… Still, I decided that it was just my overactive teenage hormones and that it was best to set my feelings aside. She needed help with a class – not a boyfriend. 

But as the weeks wore on, I began to notice something strange about Ms. Davis' behavior. Several times, I was reading a question from a study guide to her when I'd look up and see her staring directly into my eyes. The look on her face didn't seem to be one of rapt attention, either; more like one of enamored daydreaming. I'd call her name and she'd snap out of whatever it was, then ask me to repeat the question. 

There were a few instances where it was hot in the classroom – it was getting close to summer – and I took my school uniform shirt off. Most of the time I was wearing only a tight t-shirt underneath, and several times I caught her staring at my chest or arms. One time, I even looked up from a paper to see her eyes traveling slowly up my chest. She was licking her lips slightly. When her eyes reached mine, she cocked her head to the side a little, gave me a mischievous little grin, and asked me if I had been working out. I didn't know how to respond. I managed to croak out a reply, but I don't remember what it was. 

Instead of the sweaters she had worn when I started tutoring her, she now wore tight sleeveless shirts. When it was cold in the classroom, her nipples were clearly visible, poking through the thin material of her shirt and bra. On several occasions, I arrived at her class after school to find that she had taken her shirt off and was wearing only a halter top with no bra underneath. She had also taken a liking to tight mini-skirts that hugged her ass and showed off her beautiful legs. She'd sit down in a desk, cross her dark legs, grin up at me, and tell me that we should get started. I could only sit down in a chair quickly, trying to hide my growing erection. 

But most daring of all the things she did was drop a piece of paper - several times - and bend over to pick it up, giving me a clear view of her round, hot ass. There were a few times when she wore pants that were so tight, I could see her pussy lips through the material when she bent over. The sight drove me wild with desire. I wanted her so much, but still I kept my raging hormones in check. There were also a few instances when she'd ask me to pick up something from the other side of the room. As I stood up and retrieved the item, I could almost feel her almond eyes burning into my body. And when I returned with it, she was licking her lips and her legs were beginning to spread involuntarily. Many times I thought of stopping and demanding what was going on – just asking her if she liked me, and if not, what exactly she was trying to accomplish. But after careful thought, I decided it was best to let things run their course. I wouldn't have to wait much longer to find out what was going on. 

*** 

Near the middle of the semester, Ms. Davis had a large comprehensive exam that she absolutely had to study for. I stayed later than usual, sometimes until 6 or 7 at night to help her. The night before the big test, I went over the material with her one last time. She seemed to be quite prepared. As I stood up to leave, she stood up as well. She stretched her arms out as if asking me to hug her. "Wish me luck," she said with a smile. I wrapped my arms around her and gave her a hug. Her body felt warm against mine, so real and alive. "Good luck," I said, smiling. She told me thanks and I began to leave, but she stood on her tiptoes and gave me a little kiss on the cheek. My face flushed red and she giggled. "You'd better go," she said, looking down at her watch. "It's already 8." 

I swallowed nervously. "Yeah, I should. I'll talk to you tomorrow," I said, and offered a weak smile. She smiled back and I left, my body still shaking. 

*** 

The next day, as World History ended, Ms. Davis told me to stop by her class after school. She was going to get the results of her test back later that afternoon, and she wanted me to let me know how she had done. I said "Sure," and she gave me a strange little smile that seemed to say more than "Thank you." 

When I arrived at her class that afternoon after school, she suddenly rushed up to me and gave me a big hug. I hugged her back, laughed, and said "Well, how was it?" She grabbed a paper off her desk and showed it to me. She had gotten a 97 – the best grade in the class. I could tell by the look on her face that she could barely contain her joy. She laughed and jumped into my arms again. I held her close to me, and I couldn't help but smell her beautiful hair. "Thank you so much!" she said. "You're great!" 


"Thanks," I said, laughing. "It's no problem." 

"Really, I appreciate it so much. More than you know," she said. With that she reached up and kissed me on the cheek. I looked down into her eyes; she looked up into mine. She licked her lips and I swallowed nervously. She started moving her lips toward mine and I moved my face down to kiss her. Our lips locked, and it felt as if the moment lasted forever. We kissed again, and then her lips opened into mine and her tongue darted inside my mouth. One of her hands ran up and down my back; the other reached down and squeezed my ass through my khaki pants. I kissed her deeply, my dick already growing hard just from the heat of her body against mine. She took her mouth off mine for a second and looked up at me. "How old are you?" she asked, slightly out of breath. 

"I'm 18," I said shakily. 

"Good," she said. "We're both consenting adults, right?" 

"Right," I said, and kissed her again. 

My hands reached down and squeezed her ass. Her body felt so soft and warm in my hands; I had wanted to feel her for so long, and now that I was, I savored every moment. Her full breasts pressed against my chest, and I could feel her hard nipples poking me. After a few minutes of kissing, I looked down at her and did what I had been meaning to do for a long time. 

"Ms. Davis, do you like me?" 

"That's a stupid question, Seth. And call me Jamie," she said, smiling, and kissed me again. She reached down and pulled her shirt off, then reached behind herself and unclasped her bra. It fell to the floor, leaving her beautiful tits exposed. I reached up with slightly trembling hands and cupped her tits, loving their soft texture. I rubbed her hardening nipples with my thumbs and she moaned a little, looking up at me with her beautiful almond eyes, which were now filled with lust and passion. I took the lead and guided her over to an empty chair, then sat her down in it. I unbuttoned her tight jeans and unzipped them, and raised her hips so I could pull them off. 

She was wearing a red thong; I could already see a tiny spot of wetness leaking through them. I put a couple of fingers in the waistband of her panties and pulled them off, then spread her legs open. I had only been with a couple of girls, but I knew how to eat pussy. I leaned over and licked her outer lips, running my tongue up and down them while I reached up and massaged her nipples with my fingers. Her legs spread wide open to give me easy access. I moved to her inner lips and licked up and down them, enjoying the taste of her pussy juice. I moved lower, to the entrance of her pussy, and pushed my tongue inside gently. 

Ms. Davis moaned and grabbed on to the back of my head, then started grinding her pussy onto my mouth. I stuck my tongue as far into her pussy as I could and began fucking her with it, sliding it in and out with quick, brisk strokes. She was loving it; she ran her hands through my hair and moaned my name. I pulled my tongue out of her sticky, wet pussy and slid my tongue back up her lips. Then I reached up and pulled the hood of skin over her clit back with two fingers. I gently began to lap at her clit while I used two fingers to tease her pussy, sliding them in just a little and then pulling them back out. Jamie moaned louder and dig her fingernails into my scalp. The pain only turned me on more. 

My cock was growing harder and longer by the moment, pressing against my khakis, begging to be freed. I wrapped my lips around Jamie's clit and sucked on it gently, then flicked my tongue against it quickly. Her back arched and she began to gyrate her hips, grinding her cunt against my face. "Oooh Seth, it's s-o-o-o good baby… suck my clit harder…" she moaned, her lips slightly parted and her eyes doing backflips in her head. I obeyed her command and sucked harder, and at the same time began sliding my fingers in and out of her wet cunt. I could tell she was loving every moment of it. Her beautiful little ass grinded obscenely on the chair and her pussy leaked juices onto my fingers. I pulled my fingers out of her cunt and licked the juices, savoring the taste of her body. 

Ms. Davis looked down at me and told me to stop. I looked up at her questioningly. She stood up, smiling, and asked me to sit down. I sat down on the chair and she slowly got to her knees in between my legs. She grinned up at me, and I knew what she was going to do. She pulled my shirt off, then unbuttoned my khakis and pulled them off, as well as my boxers. My dick stood at full attention, hard and long, with a dab of precum leaking from the tip. Ms. Davis leaned over and licked the precum off, then began to lick all around the head of my cock. Her tongue ran up and down and around the head, then slid down the underside, making me shiver with pleasure. I looked down at her and held her hair back with my hands. 

"Jamie, please suck my cock… I want it so bad…" I gasped out, desperate to feel her hot mouth on my dick. She eagerly obeyed, wrapping her lips around the head of my cock. I closed my eyes and moaned in pleasure at the feeling of her warm, wet mouth on my dick. She began to slide down slowly, her full lips taking my hard cock into her mouth, inch by agonizing inch. I looked down at her, amazed by the site of such a beautiful young woman taking all six and a half inches of my hard dick into her mouth. When she reached the base, she began to slide her mouth back up, even slower than before. My head fell back on my shoulders and my eyes rolled in their sockets; I was in heaven. I watched her slide her mouth back up. 

The combination of seeing her beautiful young face with my hard dick in her mouth and the feeling of her warm saliva and tongue on my cock was driving me insane with lust. She began to slide her mouth up and down, increasing the speed of her sucking, her red lips enclosed tightly around my dick. Her tongue wrapped itself around my shaft and slid up and down, following her lips. She began sucking faster and faster, her head bobbing up and down on my cock head. I moaned in extreme pleasure, loving the feel of her mouth on my dick. I looked down and noticed that she was reaching behind herself with one hand and was plunging two fingers in and out of her cunt, making a loud sopping noise. Her whole hand was soaked in pussy juices; it dripped down from her hot cunt to the carpeted floor. 

Her hips gyrated obscenely downward, pulling her fingers deeper and deeper into her hungry cunt. She moaned in pleasure around my dick, and the vibrations of her voice on my cock drove me over the edge. I pulled her mouth off my dick and stood up, helping her up with me. I pulled her body close to mine, my hard, glistening cock pressing against her hot pussy lips. "How do you want it?" I whispered into her ear, my breath coming in sharp gasps. She looked over to her desk and then looked up into my eyes. "I want you to bend me over my desk and fuck me hard, baby," she whispered. I was more than happy to oblige her. 

We moved over to Ms. Davis' desk. She pushed everything off with a sweep of her arm, then bent down at the waist, her tits pressed lewdly against the wood grain of her desk. Her beautiful round ass waved in the air in front of me as if begging me to fuck it. She spread her legs apart to give me easy access. I held my still-wet dick with one hand and pressed it against her pussy lips, applying just a little pressure. My dick slid in easily and Jamie gasped. I slowly slid my cock all the way into her pussy, her body tightening up more and more with every inch I pushed in. I pulled it back out slowly, relishing the feel of her sex juices clinging to my dick. 

I started fucking in and out, sliding the entire length of my cock into her body with every thrust; slowly at first, then gaining speed as she moaned louder and louder and her tight cunt contracted around my dick. I put my hands down on the desk next to her beautiful body, then started to fuck her harder. I slammed my dick into her body deeper and deeper with every thrust. She could only moan her appreciation; she was enjoying it far too much to say anything intelligible. I began jack hammering my cock in and out of her, thrusting all the way into her body with every hit, getting off on the way her ass bounced and her body jerked forward with every thrust. She picked up my rhythm and began pushing her ass back as I slid forward, sucking my dick into her hungry cunt faster and deeper. 

"Seth… yes, it feels so fucking good… yes, Seth, harder!" she moaned in ecstasy. I looked down at her pussy swallowing my dick, sliding back and forth on the long shaft, covering it in sex juices, and the sight drove me wild. I fucked her as hard and fast as I could, without abandon, thoroughly enjoying the way she responded by crying out my name every time I slammed my dick into her. After a few moments of hard fucking, I could feel the cum building up in my balls, threatening to shoot out at any moment. I could tell that Jamie was close to orgasm too; her body shuddered and convulsed in ecstasy around my cock. I kept fucking in and out as the hot cum began to shoot through my dick. 

"OH-H-H, I'M CUMMING!" Jamie yelled out just as the first jets of cum shot from my hard dick deep into her pussy. I slammed my dick into her as hard and deep as I could and squeezed my eyes tight as I came into her hungry pussy over and over. Jamie's body shuddered and she screamed out my name, an orgasm exploding through her body. My dick jerked crazily inside her, shooting the biggest load I've ever had into her cunt. Her back arched and she moaned my name over and over, the last waves of a shattering orgasm rippling through her body. 

I finally stopped cumming and looked down to see that my cum was leaking out the sides of her pussy. I reached down with two fingers and wiped the cum off, then leaned over and held the fingers in front of her lips. She took my fingers into her mouth, eagerly sucking the cum off them. Then she collapsed on the desk, utterly exhausted. After a few minutes of rest, she stood up, gave me a kiss, and asked me if we could make a habit of being more than just teacher and pupil. Of course, I happily agreed. 

Ms. Davis had passed the test, but that didn't mean I needed to stop seeing her. I still stopped by her class almost every day after school and helped her study. But after the study session, I always helped her in another way – by fucking her just the way she wanted it. After I graduated, I never saw Ms. Davis again. But I think about her every time I pass by my old school; I like to believe that she thinks of me too, sometimes.