 I was a naughty student in an adult education class. I was not doing well in poetry class. Ms Kitty was the teacher and while she was only 18, she was a brilliant poet. The class had a high level of respect for Ms Kitty and listened intently to every word she said. Many of the students had become better poets as a result. I on the other hand struggled. I spent the majority of the lesson mentally undressing Ms Kitty.

She was amazingly beautiful. She was also fucking sexy. I would often hide naughty stuff in my poems. Sometimes I would spell 'Ms Kitty is hot' down the side of one poem, or 'I wanna eat Ms Kitty's juicy paw paw' down the side of another. I would often make it unobvious by slipping in a letter here or there, or spelling it phonetically. Today however I was lazy and wrote the following.


In my mind she is always there

Walking and flicking her sexy blonde hair
And I gaze upon her with an obvious stare
Now I see her forbidden pair
Nice and round, perky and fair
And wonder if she brought enough for the class to share

Forever thinking of her sexy thighs
Under her skirt is where the treasure lies
Can't wait to get my mouth on that surprise
Kinky and naughty I am, but also wise

Me want, me want, me want you now
So let me get behind you as you take a bow

Key to my heart has been taken
I want to eat you like eggs and bacon
Then I find myself awaken
This was really all just fake then?
Yes a dream, but I am still aroused and shaken


Ms Kitty began to pace around the room so I quickly hid the paper inside my folder. I was looking a bit disturbed so I pretended I needed to go to the toilet. When I got there I stood over the toilet and took my cock out of my pants. The tip of it was moist with precum. I gave it a bit of a rub. It felt nice. Dare I shoot one off in the toilet? No, I had better save it for later. That way I can fire a thick warm load into my towel as I lay masturbating in the comfort of I bed.

When I returned from the toilet I noticed the folder was missing from my desk. They were stacked up on Ms Kitty's desk. She had collected them to be assessed. I spent the rest of the day anxious and worried.

It was late in the evening and I was staying back for private tutoring. I was so far behind she offered to spend an hour with me each night to help with my poetry. My rhyming was OK and my poems were OK. But I sucked at the theory.

Ms Kitty was standing behind me watching me as I wrote. She was wearing a black skirt and a white top. She had not said anything about the poem so I assumed she didn't see it.

"So how do you think I am going?" I asked.

"You are improving," she replied, "The late tutoring seems to be working."

"So what are my chances of passing?" I asked smiling.

"Not good," she replied bluntly.

"Not good?" I asked concerned.

"Let me put it this way," she said, "You would have to do the work of six people to pass."

I continued to write and she continued to read over my shoulder. I paused to let her catch up. I could feel her short skirt against the back of my neck. I slid down lower in my seat and sat back. My head felt comfortable in her lap. She didn't seem to mind. In fact she actually pressed hard as she leant forward. My cock went hard instantly.

I began to rub my head slowly up and down against her lap. To my surprise she started to play with my hair. I looked up and smiled and she smiled back. Her smile was so fucking sexy it was unbelievable. I was now leaning back on my seat and getting lower and lower. Soon Ms Kitty placed her short skirt over my head.

My seat was resting against her legs for support. I reached my hands back and started rubbing her ass. Reaching higher and higher up her skirt. She was not wearing any panties. Her warm moist pussy was pressed against my hair. How I wanted to dive in and eat it.

I sat back on my seat properly and turned around, sitting on the chair backwards. I lifter up her skirt and started to kiss her belly button. She ran her hands all over me as she moaned lightly with pleasure. I kissed downwards softly and made my way to her pussy. I quickly licked up all the juices she had made. I ran my tongue and mouth all over her pussy. It tasted very nice.

She took a few steps backwards and sat up on the desk behind her, spreading her legs wide. The smile on her face was gorgeous. I stood in front of her and wrapped my arms around her waist as I kissed her passionately. I ran my hands all over her breasts and waist and she ran hers all over my ass.

She took off her bra and threw it to the other side of the room. I unbuttoned her top and freed the twins. I kissed them all over passionately, massaging them with my mouth and giving them a good licking with my tongue. They were nice and soft. Her skin tasted sweet. I varied the movements with my mouth on her breasts. Short kisses, long pashed, massaging, licking, and even small nibbles. She was moaning wildly. I worked my way from one breast to another using my hand to pay attention to the one I wasn't kissing.

I reached down and ran my finger down her slit. It was very wet. I licked my finger as I looked into her eyes and smiled cheekily. I then kissed down to her belly button. I moved her belly button ring around gently with my tongue. I then kissed her belly all over. Long passionate kisses and occasionally licking inside it. The small moans she was making were hot.

I kissed my way back down to her pussy. Once again it was very moist and had a lot of juice for me to suck up, which I did happily. I licked up and down her slit with the tip of my tongue. Running it in circles around her clit, and then along her slit again. Ms Kitty was rubbing my head madly.

"Tongue fuck me," she begged.

I didn't need to be told twice. I gently inserted my tongue, pushing it in further and further with each thrust. She guided my head back and forth as I tasted the inside of her warm moist pussy. When she wasn't blocking my ears I listened to her moans of pleasure. They started a party in my pants.

After a while she stopped guiding me and I slowly withdrew my tongue. She turned around and started clearing the desk behind her, neatly arranging the books so she could place them back where they were afterwards. This gave me time to take off my jeans and boxers in one go. I lifted up her skirt as she bent over the table and pressed my cock against her pussy. She let out a small squeal as I pushed it in all the way in one go. I started to fuck her at a nice moderate pace.

One of my hands rubbed her clit while the other one ran all over her breasts and ass. Ms Kitty held onto the table with both hands tightly as she thrusted back. We fucked for about a minute and then I paused.

"So I have to do the work of six people to pass?" I asked.

"Yes," she panted.

I pulled out and I pointed her to another desk in the room. I bent her over it and started to fuck her again, this time faster. Her pussy was so warm and felt so good I felt like I was going to explode. I knew I still had 4 more desks to bend her over. I pounded her pussy for about 30 seconds before I withdrew my cock.

She started to understand what I was doing so she walked over to another desk and thrusted her ass in the air. I rubbed my cock against her slit a few times to tease her before I began fucking her again. Her breasts were bouncing around in my hands as I fucked her faster. She moaned with pleasure and started thrusting back. We fucked for about a minute before I stopped.

She walked over to another desk and waited with anticipation. I gave her a love bite on each ass cheek. I then kissed them gently before I stood behind her. I inserted my cock and I was again fucking her. I was going a little bit slower this time. It was more like romantic sex. Nice and slow with lots of petting and kissing her neck. She let out a few "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmms" and moans.

I soon stopped and she walked over to another desk. I stood behind her and held my cock forward with my hands. She started thrusting back onto it. I let her do the work as she thrusted back harder and faster. I held her ass cheeks and massaged them gently. I knew I wasn't going to last any longer.

I pulled away and she raced over to her desk. She threw everything off the desk and jumped on it facing me. I quickly inserted my cock and started pounding her wet pussy faster and faster. I rubbed her clit gently with one finger as we kissed passionately. She began to clench tighter and tighter. She released her juices all over my cock as I sprayed fuckloads of cum deep inside her pussy.

We then kissed gently until our heart rates returned to normal.

"So did I pass?" I asked kissing her neck.

"Did I say 6 people? I meant the work of 17 people," she laughed.