 Nathanial Hawthorne (a not so obvious joke from his parents) lounged on his back porch listening to the ball game on the radio and absorbing the quiet of the summer evening. "You couldn't buy a better evening," Nate said to himself, "And to think it's July." A summer storm has swept through the neighborhood earlier in the day, bringing with it a cool front and very mild temperatures. 

Sundays were the best. Both he and Sydney put in a lot of hours at their jobs during the week, and both worked around the house on the weekend. But, they made it a habit to stop working by 3:00 and clean up by 4:00 on Sundays so that the two can share a quiet meal and some downtime before the week started up again. Nate's most recent project was upgrading the porch he was sitting in. The new ceiling fan whirled above his head and the newly screened-in walls kept the gnats, cicadas and other pesky bugs out. 

Sydney joined him a few minutes later bearing a new beer for him and a glass of wine for her. She settled next to her husband and leaned against him. He placed his arm around her. Sundays were the best. "As usual, the kids are out for the evening," Sidney said with a grumpy tone "and I do not expect them back until after we are in bed and asleep. You think they would want to spend some time with their parents" she complained.

"Did you when you came home during summer break from college? I know, I didn't," Nate replied. 

"Guess you're right," Sydney sighed. "What's the score?"

"One, zip ... bottom of the sixth" Nate answered and the husband and wife fell into a quiet enjoyment of each other's presence.

Darkness settled over the yard beyond the screens. "God, what a great evening. I cannot believe its July," Sydney mused. 

"Mmm Hu," Nate grunted, agreeing with his wife. Sydney curled closer into her husband and the lovers grew quiet once again as the evening thickened.

After about a half hour of quiet snuggling and when the night was appropriately dark, Sydney got up and turned off the porch light. The darkness of the evening surrounded them. She settled back on the couch and placed her hand on Nate's cock. Nate looked down at his wife who looked mischievously back at him. She winked and started to rub his sleeping "little fella". Nate, never turning down his wife's invitations, smiled and laid his head back. The cicadas filled the summer air with their song as the darkness deepened.

Nate's cock awakened enthusiastically. So much so that Sydney had to unbutton and unzip Nate's pants else he burst right through them. She slipped her hand down his pants and continued to encourage his erection. 

Eventually, that movement became awkward and Sydney announced "Since, I've already done the hard part so to speak, I might as well complete the task." And she commenced pulling Nate's pants and undershorts down to his ankles. He kicked them to the side.

Sydney went to the grill and picked up the cooking oil. Returning to her husband and his hard-on, she sat on the floor between his legs and poured a generous supply of oil into her palm. Then massaged the oil onto Nate's awaiting member with slow and steady stokes. She took her time, ensuring his member was thoroughly covered. She twisted her hand around the head of his cock occasionally as she moved it up and down with a light grip just to make sure his cock was completely covered.

Husband and wife sat quietly on the darkened porch, he on the sofa, she nestled on the floor between his legs with her hand slowly and smoothly moving up and down Nate's cock. The summer sounds were accented by periodic happy masculine sighs, sensuous feminine coos, and soft squishing sounds of oiled skin rubbing on oiled skin.

"You know something," Sydney said, breaking the silence. "I really like that shirt you're wearing. Plus, you look silly there in a shirt, sans pants and undies. Why don't hustle out the rest of your cloths so as to not mess anything up." Nate did as his wife suggested. 

"Oh my," Sydney purred. "That's much better." She resumed her slow massage of the well-lubed shaft, but now using only her thumb on the underside and a single finger on the top. In no hurry, Sydney settled into a slow rhythm, her digits delicately gliding up and down Nate's cock. 

Sometime later, Sydney once again broke the stillness. "I love quiet evenings," she said. "It gives my mind time to wander. You know where it wandered? Of course not. How silly of me assuming that you could read my mind. I was reminiscing about that beach trip. The one when I was pregnant with Ben," she said, her fingers keeping a slow and steady pace over Nate's cock. Just for fun she would run them over the head and then back down to his balls.

"Specifically," Sydney continued, "I was musing about the time you fucked me from behind hidden in the dune grass. I must have cum three or four times as you pounded my pussy. I love being fucked from behind. I can feel every inch of your cock as it slides in and out."

Holding Nate's cock with one hand, she circled the palm of her other hand over it tip.

"Yes I do remember. ... Oh! ... I also I remember how you looked in ... gasp ... that bathing suit. .Or should I say, how your big, boobies looked in your suit," Nate said. "It was your sexy body that got me all hot and bothered. If I did not ... OH! ... take your there, I would have to visited the ocean to cool off," Nate answered with some effort.

"They did grow a lot didn't they?" Sydney agreed.

Sydney switched back to a full-fisted stroke, but, kept her pace very slow.

"Man, I was always so very fucking horny when I was pregnant. My pussy was always wet and it seems every time you touched me I came. Wanna know a secret? I masturbated whenever I was alone. I would go into the bedroom, strip naked, and fuck myself silly. Sometimes I would fuck my pussy with a dildo, the bigger the better. But, most of the time I would finger my clit until I came. Fuck! The orgasms were explosive and multiple," Sydney narrated.

She wrapped her hand around the head of Nate's cock with a firm grip and twisted a couple of times. Nate shuddered. Sydney slowly moved her hand down the length of the shaft, then resumed her slow and steady pace, up and down the member.

She continued, "I also loved those belly massages you would give me. Not only did the oil keep my skin from itching, but your hands, slick with oil, gliding over my skin turned me on so much. I loved the way you would sit behind me, naked and rub oil over my belly and titties; lots of oil. Your hands would roam freely over my skin and each time you touched my nipples, it was so electric that sparks shot from my pussy. I felt your cock grow larger and harder, pushing again my back as I gyrated against you. All I wanted was for you to fuck me until I came. I closed my eyes and finger fucked my self as I pictured your hard cock sliding in and out of me. Shit, did I cum and cum again. And when you finally slipped your hard cock into my pussy, I would cum within a few plunges. I would continue to cum until I felt you unloading into my pussy. Then I would cum again." Sydney reminisced.

Nate had a strong grip on the couch and Sydney smiled.

"Remember last winter when you tied me to the bed and fucked me with a vibrator, Syndey asked. "Maybe you can do that again? But this time we can get a buttplug or some anal beads and you can use them on me first. And maybe some nipple clamps. Would you like that?" Sydney asked.

Nate said nothing through his clenched teath. 

"I know I would," she added. "What's the matter? Cat's got your tongue?" Sydney teased.

She switched to hand over hand motion. Starting at the tip, she slowly slid one fist down Nate's shaft, followed closely by the second. She timed the procession so that she had one hand moving over his head at all times.

"I have a fantasy. Wanna hear it? Well it doesn't really matter if you want to or not. I'm going to tell you what it is," Sydney continued with her monologue. 

"I am dressed in a tight, black corset, the style that pushes my boobs up, highlights my ample cleavage, and accents my curves. Just like the ones I see you look at on the computer. Didn't know I knew did you. Here's a secret. I like seeing them too. Anyway back to my fantasy. I have on a black thong, black thigh-high stocking, a garter belt and my black boots. Capping it off, I am wearing a harness that contains a red strap-on dildo," Sydney described.

"You are bent over the pool table tied down. Your hands are stretched out in front and tied to the other side of the table. Your feet are spread wide. You have a ball gag in your mouth. I stand on the opposite side of the table so you can have a good picture of me. Lean down so that your only view is my tits and cleavage. I want you to have a good picture of me before I blindfold you. I slowly move behind you. I play with your cock. I take my time and make you very hard. You almost cum a couple of times, but I stop with you just on the edge and wait. I make sure your sumptuous ass is well lubed and your tight asshole is stretched out as to not cause pain. Then I fuck your ass with the strap-on. I imagine you moaning and grunting as the silicon slides in and out. I start slow. But, shortly I am fucking you hard and fast. You want to beg me to rub your cock so you can cum but you can't speak because you're gagged. I fuck you more. Eventually, I stop, untie you and lay you on the floor, face up. I push the dildo into your ass and this time I stoke you cock. You cum quickly and shoot your seed all over your chest and stomach. Some even reach your face. Just like you did here," Sydney announced.

It was too much. Or more correct, was just enough. The vision of Sydney's abundant cleavage and curves and her current attention sent Nate over the edge. He exploded, sending cum just as she described in her fantasy.

Sydney licked his cum off her husband. In the process she tenderly bit one of Nate's nipples. She rose and retrieves a dishtowel from the cooking area and cleaned up her husband.

She pulled Nate to his feet. "Come on. We have a couple of hours before the kids come home. I am very horny and my pussy is very wet. You take a quick shower to clean up and I will pick out one or three toys you will use on me. Think you can make me cum like I was pregnant?" Sydney inquired.