 I stood up too fast and felt awkward. I worried it would make me look too eager. Trying to appear calm, I turned and walked towards Liz, unsure of how to proceed. She reclined on the couch with her legs crossed and her arms folded. She watched me approach with a gleam in her eye.

"Um," I stammered, "I'm sorry again for assuming you were the secretary. That was dumb, and I don't usually..."

"Isn't there something better you can do with your tongue than apologize?"

I stopped talking, startled by her bluntness. It took me a moment to realize she was trying to do me a favor by telling me what she wanted. She smiled when she saw me figure it out.

I sat down on the couch and kissed her. She responded with the same heat I'd felt when we kissed earlier. When I ran a hand over her body and squeezed her breast, she purred. But when I started unbuttoning her top, she swatted my hands away.

"There's no time for foreplay, Mike." Her eyes flicked towards Cheryl, who was still sitting behind her desk, checking her watch and looking unimpressed.

"Besides," Liz continued, grabbing my chin to bring my attention back to her. "My motor's already running."

With that she hitched her skirt up and spread her thighs, scooting lower on the couch. Following her lead, I dropped to my knees and moved between her legs. There was a noticeable wet spot on her panties. I looked back up at her to make sure I was doing the right thing, and she nodded enthusiastically.

I kissed my way up her leg from the knee and heard her inhale excitedly when my lips met bare skin. Clever girl wearing thigh-highs for this interview. Remembering her warning that we didn't have much time, I buried my face between her thighs.

She gasped as I rubbed against her and inhaled the scent of her arousal. I ran my tongue over her panties, already slick with her juices, tracing her contours. I probed inward, and she moaned as the lacy fabric parted her lips. When I licked upward to locate the stiff nub of her clit, she shifted beneath me, eager for more.

Sensing her impatience, I moved to pull down her underwear. She lifted up to help me, and the sight of her completely bare pussy surprised me. I prefer women to have at least some hair, but I can't deny that the sight caused my cock to surge back to life. Her pale skin darkened to a mocha color on her outer labia and a dark pink inside. The glistening wetness made it clear she'd been looking forward to this the entire time Cheryl was asking me questions.

I placed a hand on either side and spread her open. Her lips spread eagerly, inviting me in. I watched her opening clench and relax as if she was winking at me.

I ran my tongue up the length of her slit, dipping inside to savor the taste of her excitement. I traced her folds, causing gasps of pleasure as I sucked first one lip and then the other into my mouth.

Finally, I moved up and began tracing ever smaller circles. As I got closer, I felt her legs tense, and she jumped when I finally brushed my tongue over her clit.

I could have happily explored her this way for a long time, but the memory of Cheryl looking at her watch drove me to move faster. As I continued teasing her clit, I rubbed a finger around her entrance. She cried out and ran her fingers through my hair. Encouraged, I pushed inside slowly, allowing her to enjoy the slow intrusion. She squirmed, rolling her hips under me, and I moved with her.

I added a second finger, which caused her to groan and squeeze as if she was trying to push me out. I held firm, allowing her to adjust to the steady pressure. She kept rocking her hips, causing my fingers to press deeper. I followed her lead.

Before long, my tongue was moving around her clit in a steady rhythm, while my fingers matched pace. As I fucked her, she gripped my hair tightly, grinding against my face. She was cursing under her breath, muttering filthy things that made my cock swell. 

I tried to curl my fingers around to feel for her g-spot. I wanted to make the come-hither motion, but the angle wasn't quite right, and she was moving a lot. She was breathing heavily, and her wetness coated my face and her thighs. I could tell she was into it, but I wasn't sure how close she was to cumming.

"Not much time left."

It was like Cheryl had sensed my thoughts. I was getting worried. What if I couldn't get Liz off? I was rock-hard, which wasn't helping me to think clearly. Her grip on my fingers tightened, and I couldn't help imagining it was my cock thrusting into her pussy.

"Mike," Liz gasped, "Please. Make me cum. I'm so close."

I redoubled my efforts. I moved my hand, trying again to find her g-spot, and she cried out with surprise and pleasure. It took me a moment to realize that my knuckle had rubbed against her ass.

Well, I wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. Slowly, I extended my pinky finger, so it wasn't bumping against her back door, but actually pushing inside. She was so wet there was no resistance at all. She bucked and groaned but did not stop me. First one knuckle, then two, and finally my entire finger buried.

Now, with confidence that I was going to be able to get her over the finish line, I got back into our rhythm. She pulled my hair more urgently, rocking her hips to grind her clit against my face. I followed her lead and moved my tongue and fingers in time. She grunted and gasped with every thrust, and suddenly she was crying out:

"Oh fuck! Just like that. Mike, you're making me cum. Don't stop! Oh my god, I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Don't stop. Don't st..."

Her body tensed and a gush of hot fluid washed over my hand. I didn't stop moving until I felt her thighs squeezing shut. Then I leaned back, releasing her clit, but leaving my fingers inside.

She rocked in place, gasping. I felt her squeeze me repeatedly as the aftershocks washed over her. Finally, she unclenched a bit and shifted in a way that suggested I should pull out. She let out a long, low moan when I removed my fingers. Then she rolled to the side, collapsing against the arm of the couch. Eyes closed, breathing hard, recovering.

I heard movement behind me and turned to see that Cheryl was walking around her desk toward me. She smiled and clapped slowly.

I stood up, my knees wobbling a bit. I wasn't sure what to do next. My face and hands were covered in Liz's cum, so probably not a handshake.

"Well done, Mike. You've got the job."

She touched my shoulder as she moved past me to sit near Liz. As she continued speaking, she removed her cardigan and lay it on the back of the couch.

"You'll start tomorrow. However," she said as her eyes dropped to the erection still tenting the front of my slacks. "It seems cruel to make you leave in this state."

I watched incredulously as she pulled her top off, laying it carefully next to her cardigan. She sat before me, topless other than a caramel-colored bra. She smiled at me, and my mind raced, unsure what she wanted me to do.

"Cum on my tits, Mike."

I didn't hesitate. In seconds, my pants and boxers were around my ankles, and I was standing in front of her, cock in hand. I knew it wouldn't take much. Liz's cum coated my hand, lubricating my strokes. My head was still swimming with the taste and scent of her pussy.

I stared at Cheryl as I masturbated over her breasts. She didn't move or touch me. She sat there with her hands in her lap and met my eyes with calm, patient confidence.

My orgasm hit me like a truck. My body went rigid, and I thrust my hips forward, cock throbbing in my hand. Thick, ropy spurts of cum landed in her cleavage and splashed on her bra. One went a bit further and hit her collarbone. She smiled, pleased with the results.

"Hey!" Liz pouted as she sat up, still flushed from her orgasm. "I wanted his spunk."

"Well then," Cheryl regarded her with one eyebrow raised. "You'd better lick it up, dear."

Liz grinned and pounced. Eagerly she ran her tongue over Cheryl's breasts, licking up all my cum. Cheryl turned to me and kept talking as if nothing unusual was happening.

"Thank you, Mike, it was a pleasure meeting you. Be here at 8am sharp tomorrow morning, alright?"

I nodded, unable to speak. Recognizing I had been dismissed, I pulled up my pants and walked out. The last thing I saw as I closed the door behind me was Cheryl grab Liz by the hair to pull her up. Liz's lips and chin were coated with my cum as the two women fell back on the couch and started kissing.

On the way back to my apartment, I couldn't stop grinning. I had no idea what I was in for, but one thing was clear. This job would keep me on my toes.