 I decide to come to Wisconsin to go camping to get away from all the big cities in California. I finally got to my camp site and set everything up. After all that work I was all sweaty and hot so I decided, since I was far away from any other campers, I would go skinny dipping. I quickly took off all my clothes and set them on a log near the lake. 

The water felt so good lapping up against my skin. It felt very erotic, like fingers caressing me all over. I slowly sunk completely under the water dipping my head back when I broke the surface again. I drifted around letting the water sooth me when I heard a noise from the bank. I slowly turned around just in time to see some bear cubs running off with my clothes! I started to swim towards the bank but the bears were long gone and my clothes with them. It wasn’t that far off from my camp site but I really didn’t want to have to walk there, at night, naked. Then I heard some more movement from the woods and I sunk back under the water so my breasts weren’t bare. 

A man walked out from the woods, a tall gorgeous man. I felt my heart beating faster and heat spreading over my skin. He walked up to the edge of the water and looked down at me. Oh and he had the most beautiful green eyes. His hair was dark and long, just to his shoulders and looked so silky I wanted to reach my hand out and touch it. 

I took in a breath and said, “Ummm, some bears stole my clothes.” 

A small smile crossed his face as he gazed at me lingering a little long on where my breast were aching under the water. He knelt down and opened a back pack that he was carrying with him and brought out a towel. 

He held out the towel and said, “You better get out of that water, its getting cold out here.” 

I started to take a step forward then remembered that I was naked and moved back into the water. 

He smiled again and said, “I can come in there and get you if you prefer.” 

I leaned forward and my waist length hair fell over my shoulders barely covering my breasts. I started to move quickly out of the water to the offered towel fully aware that he watched me the whole time. I took the towel from him and murmured a thank you, then quickly wrapped the towel around my body. It wasn’t much of a towel and it barely wrapped all the way around me. You could clearly see my ample cleavage and it barely covered my ass. 

I finally got up enough courage to face him and say, “Thank you for the towel, I should be going back to my camp site now.” 

He looked at me again, beautiful eyes heating my body where ever they went. 

He looked his fill and said, “I think that I should accompany you back to your camp site, I don’t think these woods are safe enough for you to be wondering around alone.” 

The way he looked at me made my heart beat even faster. I couldn’t think over the beating of it. All I could think about was how great this man would feel inside me. I didn’t realize what I was doing until I reached out and smoothed back a piece of hair from his face. He caught my hand as I tried to pull it away and pulled me closer to him. He wrapped his other hand firmly around my waist and I could feel his cock pressing against my stomach through his clothes. I couldn’t think, or even breathe I just looked up and stared into his eyes. 

They were gorgeous eyes. I stood there mesmerized hoping deep down that he would take me right there on the ground. I blinked not believe what was happening to me. 

He bent his head very close to my ear and whispered, “Maybe I should take you back to my cabin instead, its closer and I can give you some clothes to put on, “ he paused glancing down at my towel clad body, “or not.” 

I didn’t know what to do or say, so I simply just nodded. He released me and took hold of my hand and led me off into the woods. Almost immediately my feet hurt, stepping on sharp rocks and twigs, at my first sound of discomfort he stopped easily picking me up and holding me against him. I was very aware of where his hands were, so close to my breast and on my thigh. He quickly strode through the forest until we were at a small cabin in the woods. He set me down on the porch and stepped back. 

“Who are you?” I said. 

He smiled that wonderful smile of his and said, “A little late to be asking me that now isn’t it?” 

I blushed, embarrassed that I had come to this cabin, naked, with a man who I didn’t even know. 

“My name is Michael, do not worry honey, I’m the ranger for these forests.” 

A little relief flooded over me and I relaxed a little, maybe a little too much because my towel started to fall and I had to catch it and pull it up. He looked at me again then went to the cabin door and opened it. I quickly moved past him into the awaiting room. The sudden warmth made me shiver and realize how cold I had become. 

“My name is Raven, I just came up here today to get away from the city.” 

Michael moved behind me and rubbed his hands down my arms. It felt so good that I leaned my head back against his shoulders. He bent his head slowly to taste the skin of my neck. His tongue stroked along my skin. My whole body shivered and the places where his tongue touched burned. I sighed and brought my hand up running my fingers through his silky hair. A moan of pleasure escaped my lips as his hands gripped my hips tightly and pulled me back against his cock. 

I rubbed against his dick loving the feel of it against my ass. His fingers splayed across my stomach and made their way up to my towel clad breasts. I sighed and released my hold on the towel and it cascaded to the floor to pool at my feet. At the first touch of his hands on my bare breast I released a moan. His hands were so warm and large, taking almost my whole breast in one hand. He caressed and teased my nipple just as his tongue caressed and teased my neck. His other hand slowly drifted away from my hip ending up gliding over my smooth pussy. 

He gently spread my legs and with his fingers teased my clit. I cried out at the first touch and he moved my head and took possession of my mouth to swallow my cry of pleasure. He kissed me passionately while feverishly teasing my clit. Then he entered me with his finger to test my wetness. I turned around in his arms and ran my hands under his t-shirt so I could feel his bare skin. It was so smooth and soft over hard muscle. With one fluid motion he took off his shirt and I got my first glimpse of his beautiful tan broad shoulders and muscled chest. I ran my hands up his stomach over his chest and around his neck. I pulled him down for a deep kiss and he wrapped his arms around me. We kissed heatedly for what seemed like an eternity. 

Finally without breaking the kiss, he scooped me up in his arms once again and brought me further into the room where there was a couch and a fire place with a rug in front of it. He set me down on the couch and knelt before me. He ran his hands down the inside of my thighs spreading them. I leaned back on the couch and gazed down at him. He kept his eyes locked with mine as he tasted me. I arched off the couch at his first touch. His tongue leaving sizzling trails on the insides of my thighs and over my pussy. He laved my pussy with his tongue not missing and inch. 

I could feel an orgasm building up and clenched my fists in his hair. I arched off the couch again when I came and he rubbed my thighs with his hands still not stopping. He continued until I cam three times and only then till the last tremor of them left my body. Then he slowly rose over me taking my breast in his mouth and sucking hard on my nipple. I cried out from the pleasure of it and held his head to my breast. His hands where playing all over my body massaging my hips and thighs. 

Finally he released my breast and I immediately took control by pushing him back against the couch. I kissed him softly, slowly, gently, and then I made my way down his throat and over his chest, laving my tongue all over his chest and stomach. I tugged off his jeans and threw them to the floor. Then I cupped his dick in my hand and gently stroked it while kissing my way down his body. My breast grazed over his swelling cock and teased my hard nipples. Slowly I licked up and down his cock making sure it was nice and wet for my mouth. Then I swirled my tongue over his tip and he leaned his head back and let out a breath. 

When I took him deep in my mouth his hands fisted in my hair, his hips thrusting up to meet my hot, wet mouth. My tongue swirled around his enormous dick as I took him deeper stroking him with my hand as I did with my tongue. I took all of him in my mouth and moaned. He let out an answering moan and let his hands fall away just wallowing in the feel of my mouth on his cock. Suddenly he grabbed my shoulders and yanked me back to his mouth. He devoured me with his kiss, it was deep and hot. 

His mouth kissed along my cheek to my ear and I heard him whisper, “I need to be inside you, I can’t wait any longer.” 

I moved over his body straddling him positioning myself over his throbbing cock. His hands went to my hips and drove me down hard over his dick. I cried out and arched my back at the sudden pleasure and he took possession of my breasts. He caressed his hands over my hips around to my ass as I rose up and down on his cock. His tongue licked at my nipples and he lightly grazed them with his teeth. I wrapped my arms around his head and held him to me while I rocked against him. 

He took possession of my hips again and guided my thrusts with his. I came again holding him to me while he drove deep in side of me. I cried out and he took possession of my mouth again. He slowed his pace and eased me up and down on his dick. He cupped my breasts and grazed my nipples. Then he stood up with him still embedded inside me and laid me on the couch. I wrapped my legs around his waist and put my hands on his chest to feel the smoothness of it. He put his arms on either side of me and drove hard into me. I arched my back and raised my hips to meet his deep thrusts. 

Sweat began to coat our bodies, running between my breasts. I opened my eyes to stare at his as he thrust into me, each time my breasts moving against his chest. I wrapped my arms around him and brought him to my mouth. I kissed him while fucked me and I came and moaned into his mouth. After I stopped rocking from my last orgasm he withdrew from me. 

He leaned over me lightly playing with my hair and said, “I want to take you from behind, Raven, will you let me do that?” 

I arched against him loving the feel of his body naked and so close to mine. “Yes.” That was all I could say. 

He lifted up off me and guided me to where he wanted me. I knelt with my knees on the couch him standing behind me. He gripped my waist with one hand while he ran his other hand along my spine. I arched back at the feel of his hand and then he gripped my hips with both hands and slowly eased into me. His cock felt much larger from this angle and I gripped the couch and sucked in a breath, then he slowly started easing in and out of me. I let my head fall down, reveling in the pleasure. He slid his hand up my back and gripped my hair in his hand. He pulled me back to kiss him as he drove harder into me, and then trailed kisses along my neck and down my spine. 

I came as soon as his tongue touched my back. I cried out and gripped the couch harder. Michael kept fucking me, pounding me harder. He gripped my shoulder with one hand and used it to slam me harder against his cock. It felt so good that I never wanted it to end; I leaned back against his chest. Michael brought his hands around and cupped my breasts running his thumbs over my taut nipples. I leaned my head back to give him a kiss and he leaned down to brush his lips with mine. 

Then he moved to my ear and whispered, “God you are incredible Raven. You feel so hot and wet inside.” 

I moaned at his words and whispered back in his ear, “I love the feel of you cock inside of me Michael, I never knew it could be like this.” 

At my words he groaned and nibbled on my shoulder, still pumping his cock in and out of me. I reached my arms up and wrapped them around his neck loving the feel of his mouth on my skin, licking, kissing, biting. He moved one hand away from my breasts to find my clit and started massaging it while he fucked me from behind. I moved my hips in time with his loving the feel of his cock inside me and his hand caressing me. I moaned his name and he thrust harder making me cry out with another orgasm. 

As soon as my spasms stopped he wrapped a hand around my waist and tuned around with his cock still buried deep within me. He sat down on the couch with me in his lap facing away from him. He leaned me back across his chest and raised my legs apart with his hands. His cock felt even bigger as he began thrusting his cock into me. He rubbed his hands along my spine and over my ass making sure to reach every spot. 

He grabbed her hips and rocked her against him moaning at the great sensation that being inside her gave him. She was so tight and hot he didn’t know if he could hold out any longer. He purposely slowed his pace trying to drag out their pleasure for as long as he could. He kissed along her spine loving the sounds that came from her when he did.

Raven turned her head and leaned back to whisper in his ear, “I want to look at you while you fuck me, I want to see those gorgeous eyes.” 

She rotated her hips then making him almost lose control. He held her hips still and moaned trying to keep from coming. He stared at her, looked into her sated eyes which were a beautiful green a little lighter than his own. She had a mischievous grin on her face and he couldn’t help but just smile back at her. 

He picked her up and laid her down on the soft fur rug in front of the fireplace. The light from the flames danced over her skin and for a second he just took in the look of her laying on her back lays splayed out before him. She reached up and brushed some hair away from his face, they locked gazes as he positioned himself above her. He lowered his head to capture her mouth and softly kissed her. 

“You are so beautiful Raven,” he whispered against her lips. 

She smiled and arched against him, “You aren’t so bad yourself.” 

He entered her again and slowly sunk into her as far as he could go. Then he began slow deep strokes drawing out the pleasure. He dropped his head and kissed up her neck, across her jaw to her mouth. She kissed him back passionately looking into his eyes. She arched her hips to meet his thrusts and he closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against hers. He started to fuck her harder grabbing both of her hips and thrusting into her. She cried out and wrapped her arms and legs around him holding him to her. 

Michael couldn’t hold back he wrapped his arms around her and buried his face in her hair. He came with a rush of pleasure thrusting into her hot tight pussy. When he was done he was breathing heavy clutching Raven in his arms. She was panting still shaking from their shared orgasm. She was still holding him to her, rubbing her hands along his back and through his hair. They lay there like that for a long time. Then he kissed her neck sending new shivers down her spine. 

She laughed and nuzzled his neck, “You can’t possibly want to go again so soon?” 

She felt his smile on her neck as he said, “Mmmmm, with you I could go all night.”