 As with most people life just sometimes gets in the way. In the weeks prior family commitments or holidays or something always seemed to limit the amount of time we had alone together. Now this is not to say our sex life suffered. It didn't. We both seemed to have very healthy appetites and did everything we could to fill them. It's just that everything was rushed. No lingering touches, no making things drawn out and delicious. For me at least the build up was always one of my favorite parts. 

What we had been doing the last few weeks was fucking. Pure and simple. And while I think this can be highly stimulating and there are times that is what I want, right now I was craving closeness and the one thing that always seems elusive in my life…time.

Let me back up a little here. He had this wonderful smile and these eyes that when he looked at me a certain way I would melt…still do actually. He was built like a pitbull and was just a nice, decent guy. Quite unlike the usual "suits" I dated. A breath of fresh air in my life. Now I am not a model but depending on the type you like I am not so bad. Just a little fuller than some people like. Blonde hair, a pretty face and great tits always helped get attention though. 

We had met in early summer and the sparks flew almost instantaneously. He liked to laugh that he could have had me the day we met and I always argued no. Well let's just say maybe I could have used more conviction in my arguments. He did get me in my underwear after wetting me with a water bottle. I should have remembered I was wearing very sheer bra and panties that day (not a beige cotton kind gal). Things evolved very fast and soon we were a "couple". Family things happened and life just rolled along. We always had an interesting sex life and were quite determined that nothing would stop us when we wanted to "do it".

This had lead to some interesting situations. Things I would have never imagined but necessity is the mother of invention. The trunk of a car (hey, it gives me a smile when I put groceries there), the back porch at the cottage (almost took my ass that night), on the boat watching the sun set, wherever and whenever we could do it. One afternoon I could not resist his cock anymore and decided I had to have it right then. We were sitting on the boat enjoying one of the last sunny afternoons of summer when I decided I wanted that cock….and cum…in my mouth. Boats soon started coming closer and people started waving. Maybe news went out by CB that some guy was getting blown on the lake but I really did not care. I had a goal in mind and nothing was going to stop me. And certainly he wasn't. I am very good at everything I do and he loved the way I could "suck a golfball through a gardenhose". Nice memory….

In any case as the seasons evolved and fall arrived things just seemed to get busier. Work for me was getting very busy after taking most of the summer off and there always seemed to be someone around or some commitment. Finally the weather turned and started to get really cold. It was time to close the cottage and with the weather change it could not wait any longer. The cottage was his sanctuary and a special place to me since we had spent so much time there the last few months.

We left the city early Saturday morning and made the well-known two-hour drive north. Most of the leaves had disappeared in the last couple of weeks and the landscape had that look of impending winter. There was a list of chores to be done and only so much time.

When we arrived we needed to get the temperature up so he proceeded to build the fire and get things started so it would be warm when we came back in from working. Amazingly enough the snow held off a bit and things went very fast outside. We came back in to wonderful warmth just as snow started to fall. It wasn't staying but it would in the weeks to come.

There seemed to be a tension between us. Somehow we decided to go have a nap. Yeah that's it…a nap. Well I cannot sleep in anything so the clothes came off…. his followed very shortly. We laid down tired from a late night before driving friends from the airport and a busy day of physical labour.

As we lay there he reached and kissed me…. gently at first then both of us realizing the need that was there. Here we were - alone, naked and with time. We explored each other slowly. Feeling the passion build as we kissed and touched and just looked at each other. This wasn't frenzied like some of our encounters had been in the recent past but rather slower and very thorough.

"We have nothing but time" he said as he pulled me closer again.

Time and an overwhelming lust. I needed…wanted to feel him, taste him. I slowly moved down his body and looked up at him as I slowly licked across the top of his ribcage. Watched to see him flinch slightly, not from pain but from how delicious it felt. I traced my fingers slowly across his lower abdomen finding those spots that drive him crazy and make him almost sit up. Nice form of abdominal workout.

I moved lower and ran my tongue where my fingers had been as a soft moan escaped his lips. Still lower I flicked my tongue over his balls. "Mmmmmmmmmmmm…" escaped his lips as he raised his head to watch. Still lower my tongue went to that very sensitive spot just behind his balls. An "Oh fuck….." was heard as my tongue flicked and licked and drove him crazy. I licked up his balls and slowly took one…then the other in my mouth and thoroughly mad love to each. "That's it baby, suck my balls" was all the encouragement I needed to do something that drives him insane.

I could not take it any longer and had to taste him. His cock always amazed me and we had gotten to know each other very well over the months. I slowly licked it all over and then when I could not take it any longer buried the whole thing deep in my mouth. I still remember the reaction the first time I did this to him…. a mixture of shock and absolute pleasure. Slowly moving my mouth the entire length of it…sucking on the updraw and then just descending drove him crazy. "Fuck that feels good". But I wasn't finished. He however had other ideas. "Move your pussy up here so I can play with you". As I move around his expert fingers feel how wet I am already. "You have done that to me", I tell him. "You drive me nuts".

As I continue to suck the cock I adore he played with my clit. Driving me absolutely insane. Making me so very wet. "Oh fuck that feels so good. Mmmmmmmm……Ahhhhhhhh….." At that point I was not making sense and was only concerned with two things. How wonderful his cock felt in my mouth…sliding down my throat and the wonderful things he was doing to my cunt. I was so wet and could feel myself contracting from what he had done to me. "Put your finger inside…..feel what you did?" As he did this I exploded again.

"I have to be inside you" he says as he feels how wet I am. "You are so wet. I want to feel that on my cock". Well who am I to argue with that logic, so with a couple of last draws on that hard cock I move and open my legs wide. He pulls me close to the edge of the bed and as I wrap my legs around his waist that glorious cock just slides in…like it knows exactly where it is going.

No matter how often it happens…and sometimes it has been 3 or 4 times a day…..the feeling of his cock sliding into me drives me insane. I almost cum every time just feeling it go in…that wonderful fullness…. feeling complete.

Slowly at first then picking up speed we establish a rhythm. I can feel him deep within me…exactly where I want him to be…exactly where he wants to be. He looks down and watches my tits bouncing as he drives my pussy. My legs around his waist pull him tight as my cunt slides up and down on that hard cock. "Oh fuck…….." "Mmmmmmmmmmm…." All those wonderful sounds of fucking.

"Drive your cock into my cunt. I want it all" and yes, I know I sound like a greedy bitch and when it comes to his cock…I am!!

I want to feel every inch…. feel him shoot that hot cum deep within me. Feel him pump me and put us both over the edge. Watching his face I can see he is about to cum and I pump him harder with my pussy. I squeeze every drop out of him as he shoots into my waiting hole and then keeps pumping faster…faster until I explode and see stars. 

God this man can drive me insane. There are very few things that I like more than having him naked to play with.

As we lie there for a second, coming down we both know we were thoroughly fucked. Time is a luxury we don't always have. A good fuck…. well that we always have. But on this autumn afternoon we had both…. time and a very good fuck….

Can we do it again soon baby?