 She works for a bank that had offices in the same building where I used to work; she was in their IT operations department. We would meet regularly in the elevator or in the restaurant down the street where most of us from the building tending to go for lunch. We became acquitted as we chatted over lunch and we would also occasionally bump to each other on a night out, we'd have a good laugh and got along really well. She wore clothes that were slightly oversized so you could never get a good look at her body; she wasn't an exceptional dresser. 

There was an aerobics studio in the building, the classes normally happened after work, it was not membership based, you could just pay and play. One Thursday evening I decided to go for the Zumba class and I found myself in the row behind Mugz, that was the name everyone who knew her used. I found myself instantly distracted from the workout, because in her spandex there lived the sort of body I go nuts over. In her tights and tank top you could see a gorgeous nice round ass, flat stomach and nice small round tits. I couldn't keep my eyes off her; I made sure I got her phone number that night. I was smitten. 

I began texting her immediately and I would make sure we timed our lunch breaks so we'd always meet. I even got her to come help me with my computer problems once or twice. On one occasion I was tempted to reach down and touch her bare thighs, exposed by the short skirt she had on as she sat next to me but I was too shy and scared of the reaction I would get. Our texting became almost obsessive, and it went from flirtatious to sexual. 

I was due for a business trip out of the country to Nigeria, on the Friday before I was to leave she agreed to accompany me to the embassy to collect my visa, we then had a drink at nearby bar. The conversation was great, it started to drizzle and in our tipsy state and with neither of us having a jacket, I we cuddled. In the parking lot there was our first kiss, a little drunken and filled with lust.

We began getting more graphic in our texts over the weekend and then on Monday morning I was off. As we texted during my business trip to West Africa we decided to have a Skype call, which went very well. On the next video call from my hotel room I was naked stroking my hard cock as we spoke. I was tempted to pan the camera down but did not. 

When I returned home there was a high expectation of what was coming next, my flight landed pretty late on Friday and I decided to go home. Then first thing on the Saturday morning at about six in the after a pretty restless night I drove over to her apartment. She was awake, getting ready to leave for her Yoga class. As I stepped through the door I grabbed and kissed her hard and deep; as if my life depended on it. She bit my lower lip as I sucked on her tongue. I placed my hand on her ass and gave it a squeeze, she pushed me back against the wall; slamming me roughly into it and started to mount me, her hands busily pushing down her sweatpants and her underwear. As her clothes dropped to the floor she undid my zipper and my rock hard cock was out. I felt the warm wetness of her pussy as it closed around my cock, and then we were fucking, I could barely hold her up and we fell to the floor and I continued to fuck her hard, it didn't last long, I am not sure if she came; my head was spinning, I was literally in heaven and I soon exploded deep inside her. 

We kissed again as I lay on top to her. We got up and moved to the bed, we whispered to each other and talked about the past few weeks and how things between us had escalated. I then began to finger her pussy as she stroked my cock, it was soon hard again, I rubbed her clit and lowered my face to eat her pussy, I could taste the saltiness of my cum. Very soon she was moving her waist like a salsa dancer and grinding her pussy into my lips, our rhythm was perfect, she moved and my tongue kept up with her every shift. By this time two of my fingers where deep inside her as I figure fucked her, this time she came, letting our low gasping moans as she covered her face with her pillow. She grabbed me by my head and pulled me up to her face, kissing me deeply again, desperately, hungrily, she whispered that she wanted me inside her. My cock hit its mark and after some deep fucking, she wanted me from behind. It was now on doggy style, she parted her ass cheeks to let me push deeper and asked for a finger in her ass, she was now thrusting back to meet my deep thrusts, she then lay on her stomach, I was now partly lying on top of her and fucking her hard, she came and then seconds later I couldn't contain myself anymore and erupted deep inside her for the second time. 

That was the story of the day, deep fucking, and kissing, she left at around 7pm for her boyfriend's house and I went home. We have been meeting at least twice a week since then, hopefully she'll break up with him for me soon.