 Author's note: This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived, it is done so on the basis that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive. 

This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upsets you, do not read any further. By reading further you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law of the United States or of the country you belong to, and in which, you are a citizen. 

My sincere thanks to Literotica volunteer editor "MissZ" for all the good suggestions and editing.

*

Hi friends, I am Mohan and I grew up in a small town just north of Cannanore in Kerala. I welcome specific and detailed comments to help improve future stories.

The Background:

Linda, a young widow in her thirties, lived in a northern Mumbai suburb with her 18-year old daughter, Maria. Linda had a master's degree and taught English at an upscale school in a Mumbai suburb. She was about 5' 4" tall, medium complexioned, slim, naturally curly hair, and had medium-sized 34B boobs. 

Linda was originally from Goa, had very attractive eyes, and reeked of sex with her curly, luxuriant hair, and ass-swaying, sexy walk. She was the type that would give a dead man a hard-on! She was well aware of her assets and enjoyed all the male (and sometimes female) attention that she was accustomed to receiving. She liked to flirt with men and reveled in the fact that they were getting aroused. This also helped her self-esteem, reassured her and made her feel more secure.

She was widowed while in her early thirties, and this left a big void in her life. This was especially true not only because she missed her husband's income, but also because she was in the peak of her sexual life. She supplemented her income by privately tutoring students, and was able to make ends meet. As far as her sexual needs were concerned, she later confided in me and told me that she had a long and secret affair with one of her male colleagues in the school where she taught.

From her description, both her late husband and her secret lover were well-endowed and had eight-inch long, fat cocks. She found this very satisfying and told me that her husband, who was always horny, would sometimes have sex with her several times a night, even when she was quite tired. After a brief foreplay while she was still sleepy, he would insert his big cock into her pussy and start pumping. A few strokes later, Linda would be fully aroused and would actively and vigorously participate and meet his thrusts with energetic upward movements of her pelvis.

At home, a typical love-making session would last about 30 minutes, of which, about 20 minutes was good in and out strokes. Linda was well-satisfied after attaining multiple orgasms. They would rest briefly and the next session would begin. Linda told me that there were times when her husband would fuck her all night, and she would go to school in the morning tired, dreary, and sleepy-eyed. Her athletic husband participated in one of Mumbai's professional sports teams. He had lots of stamina and was like a raging bull in bed with his beautiful, young, sexy Linda.

He was a good husband to her and a good father to their daughter. However, sometimes he partied at the local bar with the boys, and played cards with them all night. This left Linda a little insecure and for this reason she eyed other men. Psychologically, she wanted the things, including the attention of men, that were beyond the reach of her other female colleagues. This was her primary motivation in seeking a secret lover. Her colleagues eyed and teased one particular good looking married male teacher, and Linda made it her goal to get him. She loved trophies; so she initiated the clandestine affair and got him in her snatch (pun intended).

Every Friday evening, when her lover's wife Preetika went with the kids to visit her folks in Chembur, Linda would go to his home for psychological reassurance, and sexual satisfaction. He would join his family in Chembur on Saturday, and they would all come back on Sunday evenings. This gave Linda and her lover plenty of time for their secret amorous activities. Linda would tell her daughter that she was going over to a student's home for tutoring, and Maria, being quite innocent about sexual matters, would not know what actually transpired. Linda would come home late on Friday evening with a satisfied and content look on her face; and she was very docile.

Linda enjoyed her lover's big cock, the attention he gave her, and all the different positions in which he fucked her. Linda told me that her Friday session started around 7:00 P.M. and lasted until 9:30 P.M., of which, at least 60 minutes was vigorous in-and-out thrusting action in several positions. In between the actual stroking, they were engaged in conversation, foreplay, or wiping the cum off from each other's bodies and sexual organs. She got a thrill when he would pick her up in the air and fuck her standing up. After her husband's death, this became an even greater need, and she continued this clandestine practice.

They did not use condoms and Linda would have about six orgasms while her lover ejaculated two or three times, usually inside her pussy. This was not a problem since he had a vasectomy performed. Linda enjoyed cock sucking, too, and occasionally, she would get so turned on, that she would suck to completion and swallow his cum. Frequently, she orgasmed during the swallowing. Of the various positions, Linda's two favorites were doggy and cowgirl. The doggy position usually gave her an intense and prolonged G-spot orgasm. She usually kept this for last, as she was quite exhausted after this type of intense orgasm.

Her young 18-year-old daughter, Maria, was extremely slim; much slimmer than Linda, and had the lean look of a Mumbai fashion model. She was a first-year student at the local college, and occasionally did some modeling work for clothes as well as intimate apparel. Maria, too, had her mother's luxurious curly hair and took very good care of herself. She watched her diet and regularly brushed her hair, massaging her scalp every week with cocoanut oil, and then shampooing it.

Maria was light-skinned, unlike her mother. Maria had the most perfect, firm, medium-sized 34B boobs. Her slim body, good hips, luxuriously curly hair, and her perky boobs made her look extremely sexy. She led a protected life and did not have any kind of sexual experience. In fact, Maria knew almost nothing about sex, did not have any serious boyfriends, and did not go out on dates.

I did not think that it was possible, but later came to know that Maria did not even know how to masturbate. She believed what she was taught in school; that touching one's own sexual organs was unhealthy. She overheard some of the other girls in school giggle and talk of such things, but dismissed such thoughts as bad things. All she knew was that boys put their 'thing' inside girls' vaginas and did something with it, and later some girls got pregnant. Her mother had told her to avoid these activities.

As a result, she went to the extreme and stayed away from all boys and sexual situations. She did participate in outings, picnics, and dances. She suppressed her normal sexual urges and had not even seen pictures of naked people, sex organs, or sexual situations. That was the extent of her sex life and her sexual knowledge.

In all other aspects, Linda and Maria had a frank and open mother-daughter relationship.

The Story:

I met Linda at a party in Juhu, a Mumbai suburb, on a Saturday evening. My friends had organized a drinks and dinner party and Linda was one of the guests. She was dressed to kill in a blue saree tightly wrapped, and a tight skimpy blue blouse, with lots of midriff showing. She wore a single-strand, pearl necklace with matching earrings. On the evenings when she went to parties, she left Maria at home, or took her to her relatives' home at Mahim. This provided Linda many opportunities to relax, drink, dance, and flirt with the men. Linda was on the prowl, and occasionally, when she met someone exciting and promising, she would invite him to her apartment, and they would engage in hot, steamy sex. Even though she was in her thirties, she preferred younger males in their early twenties, as they had adequate sexual experience, lots of stamina, and did not tire easily.

At the party, I was immediately attracted to Linda because of her sensual look and flirtatious, large, sexy eyes. After some small talk, jokes and some drinks, I danced with Linda to the soft music in the designated room, where the lights were dimmed for intimate dancing. There were six guys and four women at the party, all single, and the women got plenty of attention. Linda danced well and I held her tight, gently swaying to the soft instrumental music.

The drinks certainly had a pleasing effect; so did Linda's firm body and her alluring perfume. I felt aroused and my cock stirred. Linda was well experienced with men and it didn't take her long to feel the bulge in my pants. She looked downwards at the dance floor, blushed, and was pleased at the effect she had on me. Occasionally, while dancing, she purposely stuck her thigh between my legs and smiled, reassuring herself that my cock was still erect. She enjoyed doing this, and it helped her to later pick the guy that she wanted to continue the evening with at her apartment.

This evening, I was the lucky one. After we had our fill of dinner and dancing, Linda excused herself and requested me to escort her to her apartment. It was 11:30 P.M. and she did not want to go home alone. I seized the opportunity, hailed a taxi, and gave the taxi driver directions to Linda's home. While inside the taxi, Linda sat to my right, placed her left hand on my thigh, and rested her head against my shoulder. Her mischievous smile spoke volumes; as if to say, 'I know your cock is hard'. I placed my right hand around her and lowered it such that my fingers were at the base of her right breast. The occasional jolt of the taxi sent my hand upwards, gently feeling the firmness of her breast. Linda smiled and placed her left hand on the bulge in my pants, gave my erect cock a slight squeeze and asked, "Want me to help you?" 

I smiled. At that point, I knew that I was in for a very enjoyable and memorable night.

We reached our destination and went directly to Linda's apartment. She had a two-bedroom apartment, on the third floor of an eight story building, in one of the fashionable areas of Mumbai. We went in, she closed and bolted the door, and instinctively, we hugged and kissed each other passionately. Our kissing went on for a few minutes with momentary breaks for air, and we were back at it again, like a couple of school kids that had just discovered kissing.

I picked her up, took her to her bedroom, and unraveled her blue saree while she, in turn, struggled with my belt and zipper. I got her saree off, then took off her underskirt; she looked divine in her blue tight fitting blouse and black, bikini, lace panties.

I quickly got out of my pants and shirt and was left in my underwear. Next, I undid the hooks and got her blouse off. She looked glorious in her black lace bra and matching black lace panties! I hugged her, and in the process, unhooked her bra from her back, and let her firm breasts free. Her nipples were erect and looked inviting. I reached over, placed her left nipple in my mouth, licked it, and gently sucked it for a while.

Linda moaned, "Uuuuuummmmmm that feels so good, Mohan!"

I placed her on the bed, and ran my fingers all over her, caressing her body, hesitating a little at the tops of her thighs and her panties-covered mound. She squirmed and moved a little; and then I inserted my fingers inside the elastic band of her panties. Wow! Her pussy was wet! It took just about 30 seconds of kissing or foreplay to get her pussy wet! Or it was probably wet during the dancing, and just stayed wet all evening anticipating hot, steamy sex. I caressed her thick curly bush and stroked the insides of her pussy lips. Her moans got louder. 

"Aaaaaahhhhhh...! Aaaaaahhhhhh...!" and she placed her hand inside my briefs and on my erect cock. Quickly, she pulled off my underwear and undershirt.

I decided to explore other territories and proceeded to kiss her legs from her knees upwards to her flat stomach, her navel and then her breasts. Then I repeated the process in reverse. She was squirming, wriggling all the time, and moaning loudly, all the while massaging the head of my erect penis especially the tip, with her forefinger.

She looked at me, and smiled as she said, "I love to do this." The tips of her fingers traversed back and forth over the opening at the end of my penis.

This went on for a few minutes and I sensed that Linda was ready for something more exciting. I moved from her glorious boobs and went to her black panties that now had a large wet spot in front, and peeled them away. Just as expected, Linda's mound and bush looked spectacular and matched her bushy hair. I kissed the top of her mound. This Goa beauty had a very luxurious and abundant bush, and I admired it and ran my fingers through the thick curls. Her bush covered up her entire pussy and not even the lips were visible through the thick silky jungle.

"Wow! Honey, you have the most beautiful and luxurious bush in Mumbai! With a bush like this, why do you need panties?"

"Men like my thick bush. The panties are to keep them guessing; I'm glad you like it too. Go ahead, kiss it, darling; lick it; make me cum; I've been hot and horny all evening."

Linda could wait no longer, placed her hands on my head, and guided my head straight to her pussy. The drinks, the men, the women, and the close dancing had made her very horny, and she was longing for a quick release.

I separated her thighs in order to gain better access, and kissed her outer labia lingering for a few seconds. Her thick, bushy, curly pussy hair got in the way, and I separated it combing it with my fingers, to get at the nectar hidden in between her precious inner lips. I rolled my tongue into a U-shape and licked up and down her inner lips and vaginal entrance. She was dripping wet, and moaned as a sucked her juices and swallowed.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhh...! Uuuuuummmmmhhhh...! Lick me, darling! Lick me harder!" 

I paused for a moment, opened her inner lips with my fingers, and savored her wet, open, pink pussy for a couple of seconds. Then I stuck my tongue back in again, right between the flesh of her pussy lips, stroking them and purposely avoiding her sensitive clitoris. Linda was moaning and bucking like a wild horse. I inserted my middle finger inside her vagina, and moved it rapidly in and out, as I continued to lick her. She grabbed my head and fucked my face furiously. I saw her body shudder and felt her pussy muscles tighten. I licked her inner labia and vaginal entrance faster and faster.

She screamed, "Oh my, darling! Lick faster! Fasterrrrr...! Don't stop! I'm cumming!" and she squeezed her pussy muscles, had a good orgasm, and squirted her love juices right into my mouth.

I hesitated a little, slowed down a little and just placed my entire tongue, flat on her pussy. Within a minute, Linda started to push her pussy upwards against my tongue. I moved my tongue further upwards, and with longer strokes, started to just brush past her swollen and sensitive clitoris. This stimulation was beyond what she could tolerate. 

Linda screamed, "Oh my God! This is terrific! Lovely! Keep going, darling!"

I moved my hands under her firm hard butt and squeezed hard while licking her entire pussy with a good fast rhythm. Three minutes later, I felt all the familiar signs. Her moans turned to screams, she brought her thighs together and she trapped my head firmly between her thighs, right on her pussy. I thought I went deaf!

My tongue worked furiously on her inner lips. Again I felt her pussy muscles tighten and spasm, as Linda reached the limit of her endurance with my rapid licking and her intense pleasure. I concentrated on her swollen, erect clit that was protruding from under her hood, and gave some hard and fast licks all around it.

She screamed, "Oh my God! I'm cumming! I'm cuuummmmiiiinnngggg...!" and she grabbed my head with both hands and fucked my face with her pussy with several violent strokes. I sucked harder and swallowed all her pussy juices. Linda was very much satisfied by my swallowing and felt great.

"Mohan, that was great; I'm sure glad I picked you tonight. I will suck your lovely cock; I'm very good at it. But first, fuck me good and hard. Pleeeeezzz.. darling."

She then moved one hand to my erect cock, dripping with pre-cum, smiled, and gave it some hard and fast strokes. I quickly removed her hand from my cock, because I was in a very excited state, and did not want to waste my cum on a hand job. Her pussy felt tight when I fingered her, and now I was dying to find out how tight her pussy would feel around my hard cock.

She saw a look of concern on my face, read my mind and said, "Don't worry, this is my safe period; I don't use condoms; I like the feel of hot cum spurting inside me."

Linda was still on her back, opened her legs and bent her knees. I mounted her and without any help from either one of us, my erect and stiff cock found the entrance to her vagina. I pushed, my mushroom cock head barely entered, and encountered quite a bit of resistance. As expected, she had a tight pussy, even after bearing one child. Her pussy muscles were well toned. I tried again and felt the same resistance. I didn't want to hurt her by forcing my hard cock in her too fast. Then I realized that she was just playing with me, and hindering my efforts by squeezing her pussy muscles, and giggling at my awkward attempts to penetrate her.

She smiled at my clumsiness, relaxed her pussy muscles, and the entry into her pussy was a little easier. With one hard push, I entered her tight pussy half way and started stroking with short movements to prevent my cock from slipping out. Every woman's pussy feels different and the exquisite feeling of my cock entering a woman's pussy for the first time, is incredible; and Linda's pussy was no exception!

I placed both my hands under her firm butt, pulled it upward, pushing hard. My cock went in fully and our pubic hair intermingled. I gave her full and long strokes. She cried out at each instroke, and tightened her pussy muscles during each outstroke.

"Aaaaaahhhhhh...!" she cried at each instroke. Linda looked at me and smiled as she thrust her butt upwards to meet and match my instrokes. She was an expert at this, and was very good at milking my cock! 

We fucked for about ten minutes, and Linda had two mild orgasms during this time and dug her sharp fingernails into my back, and hugged during each orgasm. She applied the right amount of pressure with her sharp finger nails raking my back, and the resulting pain all over my back felt good, contrasted by the intense pleasure experienced by my stiff cock pounding away at her tight cunt.
