 I glanced behind me. "Ready, girls?"

Evie turned to look at Sally, getting a hesitant nod. "Yes, Mummy."

Kate signed to the organist, and the familiar strains of the wedding march rang out. I took a deep breath, and stepped forward, matching my pace to the music. I saw heads turning in the congregation, but my attention was on the single figure standing at the front of the church. Tim turned, and I drank in the expression on his face as he saw me. When I reached the front, I handed my flowers to Evie and she took her seat next to Sally, whispering excitedly until Tim shushed her gently.

"Dearly beloved..." began the vicar, and the next few minutes seemed to pass like a dream, Tim and I holding hands to make our vows, then slipping on the rings we'd chosen. I heard a whispered "Yay!" as the vicar declared "You may now kiss the bride," and Tim leaned across to press his lips gently to mine.

"Losing your touch?" I teased in a whisper.

He grinned. "No, but I think our guests would be a little... surprised, if I did what I want to do right here."

"Promises, promises," I grinned.

The girls led us out of the church, everyone else following, and we crossed the short distance to the church hall where Kate and her helpers were setting out the buffet. "Feeling like something to eat, Mrs Smith?" queried Tim, and I nodded, smiling softly as I watched him fill plates for us.

We took our seats at the top table, and I glanced at Tim. "Ready for your speech?"

He nodded apprehensively, getting to his feet and clearing his throat. "Everyone... Thank you for being here on our special day, and thank you to everyone who helped with catering and decorating the church. Please enjoy the meal, and a little later we'll push back the chairs and turn up the music."

He sat down, and I grinned. "Short and sweet."

When we'd finished eating, we circulated among our guests, stopping at the table Kate had set especially for Evie and her friends. "OK, girls?" Tim queried.

Evie nodded. "We're having a really fun time, Daddy."

Tim glanced at the clock on the wall. "Evie, darling, Mummy and I need to get going soon - is that OK?"

"Of course, Daddy. I'll be fine with Grandma."

Tim turned to me. "Want to go and change?"

I smiled. "I won't be long."

I caught Kate's eye, and she followed me up the stairs to the room where we'd stashed my going-away outfit. She helped me out of my dress - "I'll make sure it gets back to the house safely" - and watched as I changed.

"So, just you and Tim for nearly a week," she hinted, the tone of her voice giving away the direction of her thoughts. "Planning anything special?"

I returned her grin. "Let's just say I packed a couple of fun extras in the bottom of my case."

She stepped back, examining me with a critical eye. "Perfect."

There was applause as I stepped back into the room, and Tim joined me, taking my hand. "Thanks again, everyone - we'll see you soon."

I leaned down to kiss Evie. "Be good, darling."

Evie nodded solemnly. "I will, Mummy."

She pressed her cheek against my bump. "And Charlie will be good too."

I brushed back a tear. "Bye, angel."

Tim held the car door for me, and I settled back in my seat. "How long's the drive? I still don't have a clue where we're going."

He chuckled. "It's just under four hours, but don't worry - we can stop and stretch our legs on the way."

We were quickly on the motorway, and I felt my eyelids growing heavy. "It's been a lovely day, darling, but I think all the emotion has tired me out a little."

Tim smiled. "Have a bit of a sleep, my love - I'll be fine driving."

I must have drifted off, and when I opened my eyes we were passing an exit. "Gosh, we are pretty far north, aren't we."

Tim nodded. "Want something to eat? The next service station is the last one before we turn off."

I shook my head. "Let's just get there..."

A few minutes later, Tim pulled off the motorway, concentrating on the signs, and the road started to climb, passing through pine woods. I shifted in my seat, and Tim glanced at me. "You OK?"

I gave him a slightly sheepish look. "Um, I need to pee."

He looked concerned. "There aren't any more services on this road, I checked."

I shrugged. "Not a problem - just pull over. You do remember the first time we went for a walk together, right?"

A knowing smile gradually spread across Tim's face. "I get it."

He glanced in the mirror, and pulled onto the verge, switching off the engine. He got out, walking round to my side and opening the door for me. I walked a few steps towards the trees, then slipped my panties down to my ankles and crouched, looking over to make sure Tim was watching. I let myself relax, and my stream started to splash on the pine needles. "That's better."

When I'd finished, I fixed my eyes on Tim's face as I pulled my panties back up and smoothed my skirt. "OK, darling?"

He nodded, grinning. "Don't know why I like that so much, but I do."

We got back in the car, and again Tim concentrated on the map. "There should be a turn on the right in about a quarter of a mile."

"There," I pointed. "Wow, we really are in the middle of nowhere."

He chuckled. "Well, I had to make sure there were no neighbours within earshot."

I swiped playfully at him. "I don't think you'll be disappointed."

A single light appeared ahead, and shortly we were pulling up outside a cottage at the edge of the woods, a steep hill rising at the end of the garden. "Home sweet home," grinned Tim, "at least for a couple of days."

He fished under a plant pot for the key, unlocking the door, and raised one eyebrow at me. "Want to do this the traditional way?"

I nodded, and suppressed a squeal as he caught me up into his arms and stepped over the threshold, pulling me briefly but passionately against him before depositing me in the middle of the hall. "I'll just go and get the cases."

I followed Tim up the narrow stairs, glancing across the landing into the bathroom. "Sorry, darling, I don't think the shower's big enough for any fun."

"No problem," grinned my husband of just a couple of hours. "See, the bed's at least king-size - I think they planned this as a honeymoon destination."

He put down the cases, and I went into his outstretched arms, resting my head on his shoulder. "It's perfect."

"Do you want anything else to eat before bed?" Tim queried. "I made sure they'd leave us bread and stuff."

I shook my head. "I just want to be in your arms in that amazing bed right now."

Tim helped me out of my going-away outfit, admiring the white lace of my matching bra, panties and suspender belt. "Can we leave the stockings on?" he queried with a smile. "They seem, well, elegant and sexy at the same time."

I leaned over to kiss him as my fingers fumbled with his belt. "We can do whatever you want, lover."

Finally we were both unclothed, and Tim lay back on the bed, his arms behind his head, obviously feasting his eyes on me. I slid across him, my knees either side of his hips, and looked down into his face. "OK with me on top? It's more comfortable with..."

I rested my hand on my bump, and Tim nodded, his face serious. "Darling... We can make love any way you want, or not at all if it's too uncomfortable when you're bigger - I'll be OK."

I flexed my hips against him, and his eyes widened. "I don't think that'll be a problem," I chuckled softly. "We just might have to be a little more creative, and take our time..."

Tim's answer was to draw me down towards him and start to use his tongue and fingers on my breasts, his growing erection pressing against my already-wet entrance. "Mmm," I breathed, "this is heavenly."

After a few moments I felt his hands on my hips urging me upwards, and I shifted position so that his head was between my thighs. As I felt the touch of his tongue on me, I tilted my head back with a gasp. "I think you're right, darling, this is going to be a loud one."

Tim's response was to slow down the movement of his tongue, reaching up to cup my breasts with his hands, and I flexed my hips almost impatiently. "Darling, please..."

He relented, squeezing my nipples and flickering his tongue rapidly on me, and I tangled my fingers in his hair as I felt myself climbing rapidly towards release. "Oh - oh - ohhhhh!!"

As I climaxed, I suddenly felt an unexpected sensation, wetness spurting from me. "Oh - god, Tim, I'm sorry," I gasped as my orgasm drew to a delicious end. "That's never happened before."

I slid off him, reaching for the box of tissues by the bed. "Here, let me..."

Tim just grinned, making lazy circles on his chest in the clear liquid with a fingertip. "Don't worry - I like it that you don't hold anything back."

I shrugged one shoulder, grinning, and slid back onto him, feeling the strange sensation of wetness between us as I pressed my breasts against him. "Actually, it feels good."

After a few moments, I raised myself on one hand. "You ready for your turn?"

Tim nodded, and I lifted my hips, taking hold of his hard shaft and placing the tip against my entrance. I sank down, letting him penetrate me, and watched the satisfaction on his face. "Mmm."

"This OK?" I queried.

Tim grinned. "Amazing, my love. Only..."

"Only what?" I asked in a teasing voice, lifting up a little then pressing down on him again.

"Well... would it work if you turned round, with your back to me?" wondered Tim.

I eased up again, feeling a momentary sense of loss as his hardness slipped out of me, and changed position so I was facing the bottom of the bed, then guided him back inside me and looked over my shoulder to see his reaction as I moved against him. "Like this?"

Tim nodded, catching his lower lip between his teeth. "I -"

He stopped as though embarrassed. "I have a bit of a thing about your bottom, and being inside you, watching you like this, is incredible."

I chuckled softly. "I'm glad - because there's something I'd like to try while we're here."

It was my turn to hesitate. "You know I like being touched... behind, in the other place - I thought we could see if it worked, well, actually entering me there."

I hadn't anticipated Tim's reaction. I felt him harden inside me, and as he thrust once more, he groaned loudly and spurted warmth into my depths.

He reached for me, drawing me gently backwards until I was lying on his chest, and wrapped his arms around me. "Are you OK, my love?" I whispered, unable to see his face.

He smiled against my hair. "Fine, darling. I - what you said, I can't explain, it just did something, deep inside me."

"I could feel that," I teased. "So you'd be OK with trying what I talked about?"

"As long as you promise to tell me if it hurts you," whispered Tim.

"I promise."

Reluctantly I let him slip out of me as I turned on my front, lying with my body half covering his. "Pull the covers over us, my love...?"