 Ian was just minding his own business when his sister nailed him.

"Are you doing anything tomorrow?" she asked.

The next day being a Saturday, Ian was naturally cagey.

"Why?" he asked bluntly.

"I've got some things Alice ordered at the candle party I held. I'm tied up tomorrow and she's the last delivery I have to make. Could you be a sweetheart and just drop them in for me. Oh, you also have to get the remainder of the money for them. It's only about ten dollars. It'll be on the invoice."

Alice was a single mother that they knew. In her early twenties, she had a daughter of about five. Cute kid, in Ian's opinion. Actually, cute mother, too, also in Ian's opinion, although he had never actively pursued her.

Thinking that he could just drop the parcel in first thing in the morning and then be on his way, Ian agreed, took the parcel and dropped it on his dressing table as a reminder.

Next morning, Ian headed down the street early. There were a few things he needed for the car, as it was well due for a bit of a service. Grabbing Alice's parcel, he decided to swing past there on his way, and at least he could tick that job off.

Rapping on the front door, he grinned as Vicky answered it.

"Good morning, Vicky," he greeted her, smiling. "Is mummy up? I've got a parcel for her."

"Mummy's up," said Vicky. "Can I take the parcel for her?"

"Better not, Vicky," Ian told her. "Mummy has to check it out and pay for it first. Maybe you should call her."

Instead, Vicky opened the door to let him in. She pranced down the hall, while Ian followed, smiling.

Flinging open a door, Vicky called out to her mother.

"Mummy, Uncle Ian is here and he's got a parcel for you."

Mummy was there alright, standing in a bedroom, completely starkers, staring frozen at Ian like a deer caught in the headlights.

The tableau stayed like that for an interminable moment. Then an indignant little voice spoke up.

"Mummy, you've got no clothes on. You said I should always have clothes on when we have visitors."

Choking with laughter, Ian turned to address Vicky.

"Why don't you go and watch TV for a while. I'll speak to your mummy about the importance of clothes when she has visitors."

With a bright "OK", Vicky shot from the room again, while Ian closed the door behind her, never taking his eyes of Alice.

By then, Alice had snatched up a towel from the bed and was holding it in front of herself, face flaming.

Laughing at her, Ian held up the parcel. 

"I'm making a delivery of your loot from the candle party," he told her. "I understand there's ten dollars outstanding, which I'm supposed to collect. 

Have you got it on you?" he added, tongue in cheek.

"If you care to close the bedroom door from the other side, I'll get it," Alice told him.

"In a moment," Ian told her. "First I have to do what I told Vicky I'd do and talk to you about your clothes, or lack thereof. Did you realise that without your clothes, I could see what a lovely body you actually have. It's a shame to hide something like that behind sloppy clothes. 

Breasts like yours are the reason women have to wear tops. Far too great a distraction for the male of the species when they're on show."

"Ok, you've spoken. Now out," snapped Alice.

"But I haven't finished speaking about your lack of clothes," complained Ian. "I haven't mentioned that I like the little love heart you've shaved your fur into, or how cute you looked standing there, all red and white.

Did you know that your face seemed to blush the same colour as your nipples when you saw me?"

"That's enough of that, I think," protested Alice. "Please leave so that I can get dressed."

"I'm not stopping you getting dressed," pointed out Ian. "Um, you probably should know that your towel has drifted slightly, and a nipple is peeking around it."

Ian shook his head sorrowfully as a hasty adjustment of the towel caused the other nipple to peek out and then the treacherously swaying towel moved too far to the side and revealed that neatly shaven little heart.

Laughing at Alice's frustration, Ian stepped forward and twitched the towel out of Alice's hand. 

"Allow me," he murmured, holding it open and then wrapping it around Alice, tucking the loose end in between her breasts.

"That feel more comfortable?" he asked sympathetically, while his eyes still laughed.

"You're a rotten swine," Alice told him firmly. "Now would you please leave the bedroom while I get dressed?"

Ian shook his head.

"I don't think so. One should always learn from their mistakes," he said thoughtfully. "It seems to me that there is a lesson to be learned here."

"Really, and what is that? Don't trust little children to knock?" Alice asked, a bite in her voice.

"That too, I guess, but I was really thinking that you should learn that when I see you naked I get this overwhelming desire to take you to bed."

"You've only saw me for a couple of seconds. You'd probably take anything in a skirt to bed."

"Actually, you weren't wearing a skirt," pointed out Ian. "And as soon as you take that towel off I'll see you again, and for more than a few seconds. Why don't you toss it on the bed?"

Alice looked at him, shocked.

"Deliberately show myself to you?" she asked. "And what then? You make love to me?"

"Something like that," said Ian. "I've been thinking for a while I'd like to get to know you better and to take you out. This seems like an ideal time for me to start that process."

Smiling at Alice, Ian reached out and pulled the towel loose from where he had tucked it in between her breasts. He didn't try to pull the towel away, just letting it fall of its own accord, while his fingers lightly stoked Alice's breasts.

Alice seemed to freeze in place, looking at the hand claiming her breast, comparing its tanned roughness to her own creamy whiteness.

"Stop that," she said in a choking voice. 

Adam gently shook his head, continuing to stroke the soft globes. His other hand reached down and felt Alice's furry little heart, pressing the soft skin underneath it.

"I think I will lay you down on that bed and make love to you. Are you going to resist me?" he asked.

Alice found she was sweating lightly. While aware of the hand stroking her breast, she was far more aware of that other hand, and the effects it was having on her soft flesh. She felt herself being eased down onto the bed, unable to do anything but stare at this man who was starting to weave a spell around her.

Ian settled down next to Alice, taking his time, coaxing her body to respond to him. Alice seemed to have gone into a dreamy state, just letting things happen. That wasn't what he wanted. If he was going to possess her, he wanted an eager partner, not someone who would just accept what was happening.

Ian used his mouth and hands with skill, slowly stirring Alice's body to life. He could see her breathing getting heavy, and there was a slumberous cast to her eyes as desire started to bite. It wasn't long before Ian knew he could take her, and she would permit it. He quickly stripped off his clothes and lay next to her, hand cupping her breast.

Alice waited, knowing Ian was ready, even eager to take her. It was going to happen and she waited, partly nervous, partly resigned, partly expectant.

Nothing happened. He just kept playing with her damn breast. What did he think he was doing?

"I thought you were going to make love to me," she challenged, irritated that he seemed unwilling to accept her sacrifice.

"Oh, I am," Ian assured her. "Just as soon as you get part this sacrificial lamb bit and decide you want to join me."

Sacrifical lamb? Alice snorted to herself. Was that really how he saw her? Damn him. She was willing to let him have sex with her and he called it being a sacrificial lamb? The hell with him.

Ian could feel Alice's indignation and grinned to himself. His free hand drifted over and covered her mound, promptly being knocked aside by an irate Alice. Undeterred, Ian again sort his prize, but this time also hooking his ankle around Alice's and drawing her leg aside.

Alice wasn't having any of it, she decided. Angrily she pushed his hands away from her body, trying to sit up, finding herself frustrated when Ian rolled over her to cover her, laughing.

"That's better," he said, his hand reaching down and covering her mound.

Alice pushed against him, wriggling away from where his hand cupped her, and then gasped as she felt Ian easing her lips aside and moving into her.

She pushed up against him, biting his neck, and then gasped as she felt him driving into her. Suddenly Ian was taking her, sacrifices forgotten, and Alice found her legs closing around him, pulling him deeper. 

Alice was damned if she was going to wait and let Ian do all the running. If she was having sex, she was going to be an equal partner, damnit. She growled low in her throat as she thrust herself hard against Ian's invasion, helping him nail her to the mattress.

Then she was lying back, hands pinned to the side, while Ian laughed down at her, pressed deep within her, held there by her legs encircling him.

Alice started laughing. Sex was fun. She bucked hard beneath him, hearing him gasp in surprise, and then their bodies took over.

Passionately, Ian made love to Alice, and with equal passion Alice responded, going with him on a journey of mutual discovery.

For a first time between then, Alice found the culmination highly satisfactory, clutching a pillow to her face to smother a scream, desperate that a little pitcher with big ears didn't hear it and come running.

Ian was also satisfied, lying back afterwards and relaxing.

"If you're not doing anything today," he suggested, "why don't you let me take you and Vicky to the zoo. We can spend some time together and get further acquainted."

Alice considered, and then nodded. "I'd like that. Thank you."

"Now there's the matter of the candles. You owe me ten bucks for them."

Alice glanced down at her nude figure.

"I don't happen to have it on me right now," she pointed out. "I'll try and give it to you later."

"Take your time, but I should warn you that I have a very firm way of handling delinquent debtors. Very firm."