 Tess was so close to graduating with her Master's degree. All she had left was an incomplete in one of her classes from last year and luckily the professor she emailed was willing to meet with her outside of normal hours to give her a chance to make up for her unfinished work. Her email exchange with the professor did not go quite as she expected but she was happy to have an opportunity.

Dear Prof. Paul,

I wanted to apologize for my lack of discipline in completing the work for my music education class. It has turned out that this is the final requirement I need before I graduate and I was wondering if you would be so kind as to allow me to make up the work or work on another potential project to complete the course to your satisfaction. Please let me know what you decide,

Sincerely,

Tess

Dear Tess,

I'm disappointed that you were unable to complete the required trumpet exam on time. The rest of your classmates finished the required work for the class and I gave you ample time to complete the work. Unfortunately, my car is currently being worked on and I am unable to make it to school. If you would like to receive a complete for the course, you'll have to prepare the material for the final exam and come to my home this evening and perform for me. 

Sincerely,

Prof. Paul

Dear Prof. Paul,

Thank you so much for this opportunity. I'm happy to be able to perform for you and complete the requirements. Thanks!

Sincerely,

Tess

Tess was really happy that she could actually graduate but was a little weirded out by the fact that she had to go to the professors home. She hadn't told anyone, but one of the reasons that she was such a terrible participant in class was that the whole time she was in class she could only daydream about Prof. Paul's strong, sensual hands over her own. She wanted to caress his sexy blonde hair and glide her hands over his tough jaw line. The last time he had helped her in class she had looked up over her right shoulder and been caught staring in his eyes. He had deep but colorful brown eyes and when she looked even closer she noticed that his eyes had a green ring around them. She felt super awkward because he had just stared back and then asked her if she was ok. The one time Prof. Paul came into class after a workout she noticed through his sweaty shirt that he had a six pack and she loved the way his bulge pressed out against his shorts when he stood up straight. He had been apologetic about not having enough time to shower before class but Tess didn't even hear the apology....

Prof. Paul sat at his desk and re-read the e-mail from Tess. He had been really frustrated with her because he felt like he gave her special attention and she still hadn't completed the class. Paul was the youngest professor at school. At 25, his hot shot performer status and good looks opened a lot of doors for him. There were lots of women that were interested in him but there was something special about Tess. Her green eyes, flowing brunette hair, tight athletic body and amazing breasts and ass gave her a complete package. And when she smiled at Paul, he felt like he wanted to rush over and take what he knew was forbidden because of their teacher-student relationship. It felt strange for Paul because being the same age, he frequently felt like he should be able to take advantage of the power he had over students. 

He fantasized about what he could do to Tess when she came to his home. Paul imagined her wearing a low cut blouse and a tight plaid skirt. As she started to play he would stand behind her and adjust her posture as an excuse to get her breasts to stand erect. Looking over her, he could see down her shirt and his erection would press against her back. He shuddered and looked at the e-mail screen again, wondering if he could send something suggestive to her to make her know that he wanted more than just a final exam.

Tess started getting ready for her trumpet exam. She sat down in front of her music stand and pulled out the final material that she had kept from the class. After trying to practice for ten minutes she realized she really still had no chance to pass this exam. Not knowing what to do, Tess started to daydream about what the exam performance would be like that night. She would sit with the trumpet and struggle. Prof. Paul would come up behind her and place his hands on her shoulders or stomach, showing her proper breathing technique and demonstrating how to play it correctly. Then, she fantasized that his hands would fall down to her thighs. While he whispered in her ear how beautiful she was, his hands caressed her inner thighs. The combination of his lips brushing against her ears and his soft, strong hands massaging her made her wet. Tess wanted him so badly. She needed him. Tess snapped out of it. Tess knew that she could get any guy that she wanted. But there was something special about Prof. Paul. She knew that having sex with him would be different than the other guys. She had just read "A Farewell to Arms" by Hemingway and his description of earth moving sex reminded her of Prof. Paul. She knew it would be intense. 

Her racing heart and warm wetness made her decide that whether or not she was going to pass the exam, she wanted to be sure that she got what she wanted out of the class. Tess loved feeling sexy. She shaved her legs, put on sexy perfume, and squeezed into a sexy plaid skirt and almost see through white blouse. Her heels made her claves look long and sensual and she knew that she looked hot. She jumped in her car and got wet just thinking about her exam while driving over to Prof. Paul. During the drive over she took her right hand off the steering wheel and caressed her own breasts imagining his hands. Then her fingers moved down, slipped inside her underwear, and caressed her wetness. She took the wetness and moved it upwards, making slow long circles around her clit and breathing heavily. It felt incredible but she didn't want to come, she just wanted to make sure that Prof. Paul could smell her pheromones and feel her sexiness radiating off of her and her hot pussy. 

Prof. Paul was not confident about Tess's ability to pass the final. She wasn't a great student. But he knew if he couldn't teach her trumpet he would be sure to teach her about passion. As an artist, Prof. Paul always thought of himself as a great lover. He organized the things around his studio, took a quick shower and put on a nice pair of slacks and his purple dress shirt that he always got compliments on. He sat down and while waiting started to imagine Tess. As his cock grew, he played with his shaft before slowly going down and fondling his own balls. He grabbed his penis and stroked it up and down. His almost eight inch penis was more than enough to satisfy any woman and he knew how to use it. Prof. Paul was surprised by the doorbell, zipped up his pants, and hurried over to answer the door.

When Prof. Paul opened the door he saw Tess and knew there was no way he could hide his raging hard-on in his dress slacks. Between her heels and the short skirt, Tess's legs looked longer than Paul knew what to do with. The cold air outside had made her nipples hard and he could see them through her sexy low cut shirt. She was wearing beautiful diamond earrings that Paul wanted to eat and he could see himself tracing his fingers down her neckline, along her freckles, and caressing her hard nipples and breasts. "Good Evening, Professor," said Tess. Tess had seen Prof. Paul's purple shirt before and she desperately wanted to slowly unbutton it, all the while licking his chests and stroking the bulge that she knew he was having trouble hiding with his hands. When she realized that Paul was turned on she knew she was going to pass. 

"Come in. The studio is the room on the left. Why don't you go ahead and warm up and then we'll start with the exam," said Paul. Tess sat down in the room and pulled out her trumpet. When Prof. Paul walked into the studio, she suggestively licked the mouthpiece and slowly inserted it into her instrument. 

"What would you like me to start with," said Tess. Prof. Paul said, "Tess, why don't you go ahead and play the first piece and show me what you can do." After fumbling through the piece and with a look of frustration growing on her face Tess asked, "Prof. Paul, can you help me? I'm feeling nervous and I can't relax." 

"Ok, Tess. Why don't we start by standing up? I'll help you feel where your breath should be coming from," said Prof. Paul. Tess stood up and began to play. Prof. Paul moved behind her. His eyes went from her legs, to ass, and followed the curve of her back up to her soft, flowing, brunette hair. When she started struggling, Prof. Paul leaned forward and put his hand on her stomach saying, "Make sure you are supporting with your diaphragm." Of course, Prof. Paul lingered too long and Tess could feel him brushing his body against hers. Prof. Paul softly smelled Tess's deliciously fragrant hair. He shuddered and felt his hard erection brush against her thigh. "You need to relax, Tess," Paul said while gliding his hands down and caressing her legs. Tess put the trumpet down and turned around. "Teach me, Professor." Prof. Paul needed her. After guiding Tess over to the desk in his studio and throwing off all the books, he lifted her leg up, placed his hand on her thigh and whispered in her ear, "I'm going to teach you how to be a lover." 

He leaned forward and kissed Tess hungrily. His lips slid from hers and glided along her cheek, ending at her earlobe. After nibbling and licking her outer ear, his lips pushed forward and as he pressed his hard erection into her crotch, whispered, "Tess, my cock is so hard. I'm going to fuck your brains out." Tess let out a slight moan and gave him complete control. While Prof. Paul's left hand caressed Tess's outer thigh, his right rapidly unbuttoned her bra. Before the bra could even slip down, Prof. Paul's hand had already replaced the bra. As he fondled Tess's large, perky breasts he could feel her nipples get hard and long. He ripped off her shirt and began to bite her neck while making his hands rub her breasts more firmly and deeply. His lips moved down from Tess's neck to her nipples. As Prof. Paul sucked Tess's hard nipples his left hand slipped down and he began caressing her pussy over her underwear. As he continued playing, the wetness emanating from her sweet pussy made Prof. Paul's fingers drip with moisture. He pulled off Tess's skirt and underwear and tried to lay Tess down on the floor. 

"Wait," said Tess. "I need your cock in mouth. Let me show you what I can do with my tongue." Tess slowly unbuttoned Paul's shirt, caressing his chest and abs before finally grabbing at his belt. When she finally let his penis loose, she moaned. Tess knew that his shape would be able to satisfy her completely and she could only hope that his length wouldn't be too much for her to handle. 

Tess grabbed Prof. Paul's dick and licked the head. She went around the head over and over again with her wet tongue while gently stroking his shaft with her hand. Her tongue slid down his shaft and she took his left nut in her mouth. She rubbed his hard cock while flicking at and sucking both of his balls. Then Tess took Prof. Paul's penis and spit on it. She let the spit slide down his cock and end at her hand. It was so wet that when she started jerking him off, the warmth and wetness made him moan in pleasure. Her small hands made his dick look even bigger and she was putting a lot of work into him. While she kept stroking him, she went back down to his nuts and even his taint, gently gliding her tongue all over him. Prof. Paul couldn't handle it anymore, he stopped her and said "lie down and spread those fucking legs." He got on top of her and sucked her nipples again, slowly gliding his tongue down her sexy, flat stomach and finally down to her pussy. He licked the lips. Up on the left, down on the right. He avoided her clit to tease her. He took his tongue and spread her pussy lips with his tongue before gently tongue fucking her pink, moist pussy. Tess moaned in ecstasy. 

Prof. Paul slowly licked up finally licking her clit. Slowly at first. So slowly. Big circles, small circles, and slow up and down motions made Tess want more. Suddenly, Paul's tongue dropped down, licked her pussy, and went lower, licking her taint and finally eating her ass. Tess had never felt that before and it was so intense. It made her clit tingle and when Paul finally came back up she was so horny that she knew she would need his cock in her soon, even though his tongue felt so good. As Prof. Paul ate Tess's pussy he knew that he had an ace up his sleeve. His trumpet playing, had given him plenty of training in tongue speed. He started flicking her clit with his wet tongue. Faster and faster. Tess had never felt anything like it. It was like the most incredibly strong, soft, and wet vibrator. Tess's moans started to grow. She was panting. Prof. Paul noticed that her moans turned into Oh's. He slid two fingers in her and said "How does that feel?" All Tess could say was"Oh, oh, oh, OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" As she came she grabbed his hair and slammed his face into her clit. Tess was surprised. She had never orgasmed from oral sex before. As a matter of fact, she had never orgasmed from anyone other herself before, so she knew that she wanted Paul to keep exploring her body. It was amazing.....

Prof. Paul got up on his knees and Tess suddenly remembered that his cock was huge, too. Although she had just come, she normally came three or four times when alone so she knew she could handle it. She reached up, grabbed Prof. Paul's cock and started to rub it against her clit and the opening of her pussy. She wanted to make sure his cock was wet because she knew he would fill her completely and totally. Prof. Paul slid into her. He went slowly. One inch per second. The eight seconds of penetration were so intense for Tess that when he was completely in her she grabbed him and held him tight to make sure that she could take it. While holding him, she lashed her tongue into his ear and whispered, "Fuck me, Professor." Prof. Paul couldn't wait any longer. He started moving in and out of her. At first slowly, but rapidly increasing the pace. After fucking her for about three minutes, Tess pushed Prof. Paul off of herself and flipped over. She put her head close to the ground and stuck her ass up towards Paul begging him, "Fuck me like an animal." 

Prof. Paul started to tease Tess with the head of his cock from behind. Suddenly, he stopped. Tess wondered where he had gone. All of a sudden an explosion of hot wetness on her clit from Paul's tongue made her head swim. His tongue explored the new position, eating her pussy, ass, and licking her clit. Prof. Paul slid three fingers into her pussy and while rubbing her clit gently with his thumb, started to pull against her g-spot with his fingers. Again Tess started to get close and Prof. Paul plunged his tongue into her ass. Her orgasm was much sharper than the previous one. Tess was amazed. This was her second orgasm with her Professor and she knew they weren't close to done. 

Once again, Prof. Paul kneeled behind Tess. This time he took his cock and slid into her. Tess moaned with pleasure and then with desire. "Fuck me hard, Professor. Harder. Harder!" Prof. Paul gave Tess all he had fucking her faster and faster with the full length, all eight inches, of his cock sliding in and out of Tess. Tess could only scream with pleasure. She became so horny that she stopped Prof. Paul, turned around and threw him down. Tess got on top of Prof. Paul and grabbed his hands, pinning them over his head saying, "Professor Paul, you better fuck my brains out right now." She slowly slid herself down on his massive erection, the new position stretching her pussy in a different way, and sat on top of him. As she completely took him, a brief moment of pain and the simultaneous intense pleasure made her think that she would love to make Prof. Paul come inside of her. She started to ride him. Prof. Paul's hands reached up and kneaded her breasts, chest, thighs and ass. He slowed down her motions and then held her still so he could fuck her. She moaned in pleasure and held him down riding him harder. After a few minutes of give and take, Tess got off of Prof. Paul and lied down on her back. She said, "Professor, if you fuck me missionary and hold me tight while we fuck I'm going to want you to come in me." 

Prof. Paul was so turned on that he quickly placed his body on top of hers. He whispered, "Fuck Tess, that is so hot. I'm so turned on I might have to go slow for a little bit." Prof. Paul slid into Tess and her thighs and legs gently hugged his midsection. His pubic bone, wet with pre-cum and pussy juice glided up and down against Tess's clit. The pleasure was fantastic. She quickly realized that if he kept up a prolonged gently rhythm she could come with him inside of her. She whispered it in his ear and he knew he had to keep himself in control.

Their bodies rocked back and forth. They kissed. They alternated whispering nasty things to each other and complimenting each other. While they continued having sex they both realized that they were getting comfortable with one another. As the rhythm increased, Tess began to get feel the beginning of an orgasm coming. "Professor, I'm getting close." Prof. Paul responded, "Yeah, Tess, I've been waiting for you." He started to pick up the speed. The friction on her clit was increasing. She started to hold her breath and started feeling the point of no return get closer and closer. 

She shouted," Almost, Paul! Almost! FUCK ME!" Prof. Paul fucked as hard as fast and as deep as he knew how. Tess started to orgasm. Her moan was incredibly loud. Her pussy started to twitch and quiver and seized against Prof. Paul's cock. The added friction made Prof. Paul's super hard cock grow even more before he started to cum and unleash a gigantic load into Tess. His cock and her pussy throbbed together in an orgasmic fury. Tess's orgasm went from being clitoral to vaginal, and then both. Prof. Paul pumped Tess twelve times, harder and harder. Tess finally felt the earth move and her shouts of ecstasy slowly ceased. With Prof. Paul still firmly inside her Tess said, "Thanks for the lesson, Professor."