 "I think that's it." Mike said as he routed through the stuff piled on the table. "I think we got it all." 

I had just spent a Sunday afternoon at a friends house helping him take pictures with my digital camera of an assortment of items he wanted to sell on e-bay. Mike is engaged and, with the wedding day fast approaching, he thought he'd clean out his closets of stuff he no longer wanted and try to pick up some needed cash by auctioning it all off. 

"Thanks for helping me out, Dave." Mike said. "I really appreciate it."

"Don't mention it." I replied as I packed away the camera. "It's fun to do things like this. I'll download the pics to my computer and e-mail them all to you tomorrow."

"Do you have anywhere to go now?" Mike asked. "Karen and I are going out for dinner, why don't you come along? I'll buy for the work you're doing for me."

Before I could answer, Mike's fiancée Karen came through the door and greeted us. Mike told her about all the pictures we had taken and showed her some of the items he wanted to get rid of. As he did we began debating what things were worth. Soon, however, Mike returned the conversation about my joining them for dinner.

"I don't want to interfere with you guys." I said. "Nonsense." said Karen, "We'd love to have you join us. Did you decide where we're going?" She asked Mike.

"I thought we'd drive up to Montgomeryville to the Joseph Ambler Inn." Mike responded. "I better call them and tell them to make the reservation for three instead of two."

I decided I was pretty hungry having had no lunch, so a paid meal sounded okay to me. I stopped protesting and decided to just go along. I liked Mike and Karen and the restaurant he had chosen was fairly close to home so "why not?" I thought. It's a great restaurant too, so if he's paying I wasn't going to miss out.

As Mike dialed the phone, Karen suddenly stopped him. 

"Hey wait! If we're going up that way, why don't I call Rose and see if she's busy. Maybe she'll go along so we have four. That way Dave won't feel like he doesn't belong. Beside, Rose is a lot of fun and she's been feeling a bit lonely since I moved out and she broke up with her boyfriend."

Mike looked at me and asked me what I thought. I said it was fine, so Karen grabbed the phone and dialed while she walked out of the room and into the kitchen. Mike explained that Rose was Karen's roommate for the last few years and is one of the Bridesmaids in the wedding. He went on to explain that her boyfriend had broken up with her about six weeks ago and then Karen moved out last week, so they were always trying to think of ways to cheer her up.

I couldn't quite make out what Karen was saying but I could hear she was talking. Another moment went by and Karen came out of the kitchen still talking on the phone.

"Oh he's about 5-feet-nine, blonde hair, nice build......."how old? I dunno."

"How old are you?" she asked me. "Forty-Four." I replied.

"Almost Forty." she said to Rose on the phone. "But I would have guessed mid 30s" she continued. "He's married though." She said disappointingly. After a pause, listening, she laughed. "We're just having Dinner, Rose." Karen stated. "We really just need a fourth body." Then she laughed again.

I was really wishing I could hear the other end of the conversation. Especially the part when Karen said on the phone, "Would I?" Then she laughed, looked over at me, winked, and said to Rose, "Yeah, why not? He's cute."

The Mike grabbed the phone and said to Rose and Karen, "Stop it you guys! Rose, meet us there at 7:00." He hung up the phone and said to Karen, "You guys are unbelievable."

"She just wanted to know what to expect." Karen protested. "I have to get dressed."

Karen went upstairs and I told Mike that I should stop home since it's on the way and change into something nicer, since this restaurant is fancier than the shorts and polo shirt I was wearing. He said that would be fine and that they'd meet us there at 7 o'clock.

"So what's Rose like?" I asked as I was walking toward the door.

"Oh she's really nice." Mike responded. "She's an Italian girl and really fun."

"So she's got a great personality, huh?" I laughed.

"Yeah, she does" Mike said as he chuckled along understanding what I was getting at. "But", he continued, "She really is cute. She's about 23 or 24, long brown hair, fairly short, I guess about five-three, Not real thin, but not fat either...medium I guess. But she really is a riot. You'll like her a lot."

"Yeah, so, would you fuck her?" I laughed as Mike seemed to understand that that's maybe what Rose asked of Karen. 

"Yeah, I suppose I would." Mike replied with a chuckle.

Okay...sounds good. I'll trust your taste in women." I said as I went thru the door. "What the hell, I'm alone this weekend, so anything is better than sitting at home."

I quick went home and got changed. I had about a half hour to kill before it was time to leave, so I straightened up the kitchen a bit and went outside to skim the debris off the pool. I was half thinking I had made a mistake agreeing to go to dinner. It was so hot and humid this August Sunday evening that staying home and floating in the pool sounded like a better idea. But it was too late now, so soon I was on my way to the restaurant. With my wife away on business, it was something to do.

I got there first, or so I thought, since I didn't see Mike's Jeep yet. I decided to just wait in the car, but I was startled by a knock on the window. I looked and saw this cute, very young looking female standing by my car.

"Are you Dave?" She asked as I opened the door.

"Yes, I am. Are you Rose?" I could only hope. 

"Yes, I'm Rose. Mike and Karen are late as usual."

I looked at my watch and it was only about two minutes past seven so I shrugged my shoulders a bit and said, "Not too bad yet." But I would not have been upset if they had forgotten to come. Rose was definitely cute. 

"You want to wait out here or go in and wait at the bar?" asked Rose.

"Doesn't matter, what do you want to.....yeah...let's go in and get something." I figured halfway through my reply that if she mentioned it, she probably wanted to do that, so I wasn't going to sound like an idiot saying "whatever you want to do...blah, blah." So we went in. 

We found the bar and both ordered a glass of Merlot and began to chat, exchanging basic information. I decided as we talked that not only was she cute, but very charming and I was now very glad that Karen had made the suggestion. I was sure I would enjoy her company. After we talked a short while there was a pause in the conversation. I was just about to say something when Rose spoke first.

"So you're married huh?" she asked.

"Yeah" I answered unenthusiastically.

"Figures" Rose responded. "First guy I meet that I like and he's attached. But I guess it really doesn't ma....."

I thought she was about to say it doesn't matter, but she was interrupted by the entrance of Mike and Karen.

"HEY guys....so you met?" Mike said. "How long have you been here?"

"Just a couple of minutes." I answered.

"Wow, that's great." Mike went on. "Do they have our table ready?"

Just then the hostess came over and asked Mike if he had a reservation which he said he did. He gave her his name and she told us to follow her. It was about ten after seven when we sat down. 

Dinner was very nice the food was good; the conversation was spirited and fun. I thought Rose was a little flirty at times, but not excessively. And if she was, I figured the wine may have loosened her up a bit. I didn't really get any impression about what she thought of me. And since Mike and Karen were not in any way trying to "hook us up" I wasn't daring to charm her or flirt with her either. We simply had a nice meal, talked about their wedding plans, how Mike and I became friends, how Mike and Karen had met and just a little about Rose's ex-boyfriend and the residual problems she had with that. It really wasn't much different than a bunch of people from the office having lunch together. 

Until....

Until Mike started asking me about my backyard pool. Rose seemed so intrigued when Mike mentioned the pool and the fact that my yard was very secluded. She asked me if anyone could see it from neighboring properties. 

"Nope." I told her.

"Wow, that's so cool." she said. "Do you ever swim nude in it?"

"A couple of times." I responded nonchalantly. "At night though, not during the day." 

Rose giggled and blurted out, "Oh I'd do it all the time."

I swore I saw this gleam in her eye as if she had something in mind, but I didn't really think much of it as I continued by explaining that it's rarely warm enough to swim in the late evening.

Other than that brief moment, nothing that happened or nothing that was said gave any indication of what was soon to happen.

Mike paid the bill and we got up from the table to leave. Mike and Karen started to walk from the dining room towards the entrance. I stepped back to let Rose pass me so I could follow her out. She walked quite slowly like she was trying to get distance between her and Karen. And when Mike and Karen were far enough ahead that they couldn't hear her, she grabbed my elbow gently and semi-whispered, "Let them leave first, okay?" I nodded and we continued out. 

In the parking lot the four of us talked a bit more and I thanked Mike and Karen for the dinner, told Rose it was nice to meet her and that I'd look forward to maybe seeing her at the wedding. Although I already knew I would not be going to the wedding. 

She held out her hand for me to shake it and agreed it was a pleasure to meet me and that she had a good time. Then she giggled a little as if it was all an act for Mike and Karen, but I didn't know what she was up to. I was now getting a little nervous excitement over what she was going to do or say. I was thinking that she really looked cute as we winded down the conversation with Mike and Karen. Rose pretended to head for her car, I headed for mine and Mike and Karen drove off. 

As Mike pulled away and headed down the driveway to the road, I looked over at Rose who looked back at me at just about the same moment. When Mike's jeep was out of view she walked back toward my car.

"So, are you going home to take a swim?" Rose asked in a kidding way. I didn't really take her seriously, but I did tell her I thought it was a great night to warm up the spa and relax outside. 

"That sounds nice." she replied. There was an awkward pause and then she continued "Well, it was nice to meet you Dave. I had fun."

"Me too." I said wishing I could say something to keep the conversation going. I was thinking maybe we could hit another bar or something for a drink since it was only a little after nine o'clock, but I just couldn't get anything out.

"Well, I'll see ya." Rose said. And, other than offering my own farewell, I just couldn't come up with the guts to offer to spend more time with her. She got in her car, smiled, gave me a little wave and backed out of her parking space. I got in my car and followed her off the parking lot and back up Horsham Road toward home.

I was behind Rose as we got to the red light at route 309. She pulled into the right lane and I pulled up along side her in the left. The light had just changed to red so I knew we had a long wait. I looked over and Rose looked back. She smiled and waved again. Then she rolled down her window as if to say something, so I rolled mine down as well and waited for her to speak.

"HEY!" she said, "Since you wouldn't ask, do you have room in that spa for me?"

I looked at her and just smiled, not really comprehending what she said. Then it hit me. I realized she was serious! So without thinking about the ramifications I said, "Absolutely."

"I'll follow you, okay?"

"Okay!" I said and we rolled up our windows and waited a few more moments for the light to change. I drove carefully and slowly so Rose could stay right behind me. I certainly didn't want her to lose me. In a short time we were nearing my house.

I was so nervous and excited that I feared that my pounding heart would result in a heart attack. I couldn't believe this was happening and that I was involved! I'd written fantasy stories before, but this one was actually happening. The closer we got to my house the more I kept saying out loud to myself "I can't fucking believe this."

Rose exited her car and looked over the house and property and was impressed. I told her to follow me around to the back door where I usually go in and there I flipped on some lights. She followed me into the kitchen commenting on how much she liked the house. I opened the slider to the deck and told Rose I'd turn on the pool lights and the heater for the spa. She came out with me and was amazed at how beautiful the pool looked with the lights on surrounded by the dark, wooded grounds. A few stars were out and Rose said it must be cool to be floating in the pool under the stars. I told her it was really neat when the moon is out as well. 

After lighting the spa heater I told Rose I'd go in and see if I could find us something to drink. I asked her if she had a preference and she said, "Something red". I guess that meant wine. Or at least that's how I took it, so I found a bottle of Merlot I'd been hanging onto for some special event. I figured nothing else would be more special, so the Merlot was in, and I knew she liked Merlot since that's what she drank at dinner. Fortunately we had just entertained guests the night before so I found some leftover fruit and cheese in the refrigerator, got some crackers and arranged it all on a platter. I grabbed some wine glasses and the bottle and headed out toward the pool. Rose was sitting on the edge of the pool dangling her feet in. I set the glasses on the table and filled them about half way.

"How is it?" I asked her.

"It's warm!" Rose replied.

"Did you feel the spa? Is it getting warmer?" I followed up with.

"Yeah....I think it is" she said.

"Well", I said, "If you wanna go in the pool, don't get in the spa first or the pool will feel like ice."

"Yeah...I thought of that."

"I found some fruit and cheese in the fridge, I'll go get it." 

I ran back to the kitchen and grabbed the tray and returned to the pool with it. Rose had stood up now and was picking up a glass of wine. I put the tray down on the table.

"Wow, that's quite a spread. You're an excellent host, Dave." I thanked her and commented on being lucky there was something in the refrigerator since this whole thing was totally unplanned.

"Oh wow, you have some blackberries!" Rose exclaimed, "I just love blackberries." She picked one up and ate it assuring me it was very good.

I wasn't sure what to say now so I picked up my glass and gestured toward her with it. "Cheers." I said and she returned the gesture with a big smile.

She put the glass down and ate another blackberry. I took one more gulp and put my glass down too. I felt the spa water and it was already getting pretty warm. I stood up and said to Rose, "You going in the pool?"

"Yeah, I want to....are you?"

"Did you bring your bathing suit?" I sort of joked.

She laughed and said "No, but I have on a bra and panties. I can just stay in them." She then unbuttoned her black shirt and took it off revealing a zebra striped bra. Her matching black skirt came off next and she had on a zebra striped thong that matched the bra.

"That's fine." I said as she undressed, "except MY suit is upstairs. I guess I should go get it."

"You don't have to if you don't want to." she assured me with a smile.

"Well, okay....no suits then." I declared.

Before I could finish unbuttoning my shirt she was out of her bra and the thong was coming off. She had a nice enough body. Nothing wrong there. Her brown italian skin and long brown hair looked really good nude, I thought to myself. She had dark brown nipples that were already standing out like erasers and dark brown aerola surrounding them. Her pubic hair was trimmed very close with just a little bit of a "bush" at the top of her vagina. I tried to remove the rest of my clothing without her noticing that my penis was already erect. Once I slipped my briefs off, I got right into the pool and moved to the middle. She felt the water again with her toes and said, "I guess the trick is to just get in."

I said, "Yes...just come in or you'll think it's too cold and it's really not too bad."

She walked down the steps and went under up to her shoulders. "You're right..it feels pretty good." she said.

We floated around for a while and talked. She went on about how cool it was with the lights in the pool on and the stars out and how beautiful the setting was. I asked her about her job as a nurse and we talked about Mike and Karen joking about them having no clue what was going on. After a while though it was getting pretty cold so I suggested that we move over to the spa which would be warm enough now as I had heard the heater shut off. I climbed over the spillway and into the very warm water; almost too warm. Rose said she'd get our wine glasses and bring them over which she did.

Rose handed me my glass and slowly stepped into the spa. "Wow, it's really warm, isn't it? She said, as she sank to her waste. 

"Yes, it's almost too warm don't you think?" I answered. 

"Yeah, maybe." She said as she tried to sink deeper into the water. "I have to be careful...sensitive skin." she said smiling as she cupped her breasts to protect them from the water. 

"I understand." I replied. It didn't take long however and Rose was submerged up to her neck as was I. We sat on the ledge and continued our conversation but at the same time I was slowly moving toward her.

As I got within a foot of being right next to her, Rose grabbed her hair and told me how kinky it was getting from the humidity and steam from the spa. I reached over and stroked it and told her I thought it looked kinda sexy that way. She thought I was crazy because it was driving her nuts, so she just went under and got it all wet so it would stay behind her shoulders. When she came up from getting her hair wet I helped her wipe some water from around her eyes.

As soon as her eyes were clear of the water she looked at me and put her arms around my neck. She moved close to me and we embraced and kissed, long and hard and passionately.

As we kissed Rose moved her hand down my side and grabbed onto my now, rock hard cock and started rubbing and stoking it. "Wow, you must really like me." she said with a coy smile. 

"I was this way since we got here." I told her. "But yes, I do like you. Especially doing that." I continued. "You're very good at it." I added and she smiled at me. And she was. 

She kept stroking me in ways that were driving me wild and we kept kissing for what seemed like several minutes. I began to lightly fondle her breasts and play with her nipples which she liked. She began kissing more intensely and moaning softly.

After a moment Rose stopped and turned me so my back was at the spillway of the spa. She patted her hand on the tiles of the spillway and said, "Why don't you sit up here and I'll show you something else I'm good at." 

I sat on the spillway and Rose knelt down in front of me on the ledge that circles the spa. She massaged my balls with her left hand and continued stroking lightly with her right. She looked up at me and simply said, "Very nice."

"You think?" I replied.

"Yes, very." She said.

"I wish it were bigger actually. Two more inches would be nice." I suggested.

"Are you serious? This is a nice size." Rose said as she gently inspected my tool.

"Pretty average." I told her.

"Well, it's plenty big for me. I'm actually a little afraid of it." 

"You're young," I replied. "You'll stretch."
