 Yasmine had slept the deep sleep of satisfaction after her night as the star of the show. She awoke refreshed and with a smile on her face as she remembered the fantasy that had come true only hours ago. She had told him early on of many, and he seemed determined to make each of them happen for her. She wondered what he had in store for her today. They wandered through the museum holding hands and playing and teasing with each other. He laughed and told her to behave before she got them thrown out. She felt too good to behave and told him so as she grabbed his butt and then started to run.

He could never get enough of her. There was something about her that wouldn't let him take his eyes off of her and his mind was constantly thinking of the way she made him feel when they made love. He was having those thoughts now as she laughed and ran from him each time he tried near her. The short sundress accentuated the wonderful curves of her body. He knew that she wore nothing underneath it. She seldom did when she was in the mood for sex and she definitely seemed to be in the mood today. 

The Birmingham Museum of Art was a big place and she was treating it like her own private playground. He loved to see her enjoying herself and watched the socialites as they raised their eyebrows at her antics. She ran to the stairs leading up to the second floor and stopped. He loved the grin she gave him as she waited for the group to pass by. They were only steps beyond her as she lifted her dress and teased him with the smooth tan legs and for an instant the tiny patch of perfectly groomed pubic hair.

The game went on as they climbed to each floor. They never bothered after the first to even pretend to look at the paintings. He couldn't take his eyes from her, and she was watching for opportunities to expose more of herself to him. With people only feet from her she pulled a breast from the low cut dress and licked her nipple. Standing in front of a picture window overlooking the parking lot, she looked back and smiled as she raised the dress to show him the full round ass that she knew he loved. 

He felt the stirrings of arousal as she continued to tease and taunt him. She laughed out loud as he stepped behind the open door, unzipped his fly, and pulled his now hard shaft from it's bonds for her to see. They played the game until they reached the fifth floor. The Sculpture Garden of the Birmingham Museum of Art is an open air display of sculptures in a garden setting. It was perfect for hide and seek and she wanted to play. He looked for her and chased her enough to give her her fun but felt the urges growing stronger by the minute. They had played enough and he wanted her badly now. Stepping behind the mini waterfall backdrop by ornamental evergreens, he waited.

It was only a few minutes before she appeared. Sneaking and looking for her prey, she didn't even have time to scream as he grabbed her and pulled her behind the wall. She tried to speak but he wasn't having it as he kissed her passionately and squeezed the firm mounds that she had used to taunt him so unmercifully. His hand moved quickly and yanked the dress up over her hips. She heard herself gasp as his hand went between her legs. Fingers, gentle but firm, massaged the soft lips until he felt them start to open, and the wetness appear like dew on a warm morning.

He slid his finger up and down the opening, teasing the swollen bud until the passion overtook her. She fumbled with the bottom of his jeans and felt him shudder as she unzipped them. He shuddered as her hand grasped his cock and squeezed firmly. She used his wetness to help her hand move easily over the hardness of his shaft and obliged willingly as his feet pushed hers outward. She leaned back against the wall and felt him move to her. Tongues teased and taunted as the kisses filled with urgency. His hand plucked an erect nipple as hers guided the swollen head up and down her opening. They felt it at the same instant. It was as if her body swallowed him as he thrust himself deep inside her. She felt herself being lifted up by the force of each thrust. 

Again and again his body slammed into her taking and he wondered if her back was suffering from the effects of the wall she leaned against. In an instant he turned her, grasped her hands and placed them on the wall. Leaning forward, she spread her legs and felt him push his way inside her. They heard it at the same time! Voices only a few feet away on the other side of the wall! Motionless, their bodies cried for relief, but their minds raced through the things they would say if discovered.

It seemed forever as they waited for the passersby to enjoy the waterfall and go on their way. She could feel the pulsing of his shaft deep inside her and knew the way her body was squeezing him was driving him to the brink of ecstasy. She slowly eased her hand between her legs and started to massage her clit gently. She pushed her butt to him and the muscles inside her body squeezed and milked him with each stroke. Without a sound, and the only movement the slow rocking of her hips, she brought him closer and closer. 

Her finger moved faster now as she felt the sharp jerk of his shaft and heard the voices grow distant at the same time. He must have been aware too of their departure she thought as she felt his body slam into hers. One, two, three, four, strokes, and she felt the hot flood spurting deep inside her. The feel of it brought her own orgasm racing to join his. Her body shook as the river of passion unleashed it's fury in a torrent. Again and again the sensations exlpoded inside her and she heard him whispering shhhh!!!!....shhhhhh, Baby!!! She hadn't even noticed the shrill moans escaping her as her body trembled and shook.

She felt the juices of their passion running down the tan softness inside her thighs as she turned to kiss him. He smiled as he took the napkin from his pocket, kneeled in front of her and wiped the evidence of their pleasure from her. Gently, slowly, he took his time as he cleaned her. She playfully swatted his head as he touched her tender clit with his tongue, looked up at her and smiled.There were no games as they walked slowly back through the museum. Yasmine looped her arm around his, leaned against him, and mentally crossed another item off of her fantasy list.