 “What would it take to make the deal?” she asked.

I smiled even though I was tired of the hassle of buying a new Car. She truly was a beautiful woman, I estimated her to be in her mid to late thirties. She had shoulder length blond hair, a beautiful face and great shape accented by her tight fitting skirt. I remember her telling me she had been promoted to sales agent after working in customer service department for several years. She appeared to be very successful, she certainly got my attention in a short amount of time. Perhaps I was horny and I just like being around a beauty like her. I must admit I wanted to know how she would feel in my arms, and the thought of fucking her crossed my mind several times in our negotiating, but I was here to buy a car. It was a car dealership not a brothel. 

“Were only a few dollars apart, I’m sure we can work something out,” she said with a pretty smile. “What do I have to do to make this deal work?”

“How far are you willing to go?” I asked playfully.

“Whatever it takes,” She said.

“Does that mean you’ll sleep with me?“ I said jokingly. 

“Not a chance! it has to be a reasonable request.”

“How about we meet somewhere in the middle then” I said, again with a leering smile.

“If you meant that literally then the answer is still no.” 

“Something else then,” I said, “Like dinner.” 

“I know you’re a very attractive man, but I don’t date customers.”

“Not even a weekend in Las Vegas, driving my new car would interest you?” I said.

“Are you buying the car then?” she smiled.

“No It’s still too expensive, it’s more than I have in my budget,” I repeated. “I just need some concessions from you to feel like I’m getting my money’s worth.”

She got up from her chair and moved to the edge of the desk and leaned back sleightly. Her skirt was elevated almost to thigh level exposing her beautiful smooth curved well formed legs. I knew what she was doing, sex sells and she certainly was raising my blood pressure. “I need to see more than that before I buy the car,” I said playfully.

“This is not a private office you know.” 

“It has a door lock doesn’t it? “ I said.

“Are you buying the car?” She asked again.

“If I get to sleep with you I will.” 

I was getting bolder in my flirting, she hadn’t thrown me out of her office yet and I really liked the car. She seemed to be enjoying the sexual flirtations as much as I was. 

“Not a chance, I told you I don’t date customers, but I think we can work something out.” She got up and locked the door. 

“You want the car don’t you?” She handed me the contract and raised her skirt higher and waited. I wrote the letter “N,” on the contract and handed it back to her.
 “You only put one letter on the page,” she said. 

“That’s not enough leg, I said.

“Oh I see, you like to play games do you?” She stood up and took her panties off and sat back on the top of the desk. She was right at eye level, her legs spread tight to the fabric. I couldn’t quite see anything because it was a tight skirt.. Just knowing she was sitting there in front of me without any panties on inflamed me with desire.

“Sign the contract and you get the car, and I might consider your Las Vegas offer.” I handed it back again after adding another letter.

“Now were getting somewhere,” she said.

I looked at her and said, ”lets raise the stakes a little, raise your skirt again and touch your pussy for me, and hand me the contract.” I was pushing my luck and I knew it.

She kept eye contact with me as she slid her skirt up around her waist. Her fingers reached down and lightly touched her pussy lips. I guess she thought If I looked at her face and kept eye contact I couldn’t watch her rub her pussy. I was transfixed on this beautiful woman sitting on the edge of the desk touching her-self for me. It was the ultimate private show. 

I put another letter on the contract, it now read “NOR.” My cock was almost bulging out of my pants. She rubbed her pussy slowly and dropped her eyes to my crotch area. 

“I need you to sign your full name to the contract,” She said.

I really wanted to take her bad. “I’m really getting hard, I want to know how you feel.” 

“No touching without signing the contract,” She said. 

I was losing control and I didn’t know where I lost it. At first she needed the sale more than I needed the Car and now I wanted her so bad, I was willing to sign anything to fuck her.

“You didn’t say anything about you not touching me,” I Said. .”Just put your hand around my dick, I want to feel your touch.”

She walked over to me and reached down and unzipped my pants. I pulled out my bulging cock. She put her hand gently around my shaft as I leaned back into the chair.

” Sign here please.” She said.

I whispered, “Oh God! Don’t stop now.” 

“Sign right here then,” she repeated. 

I put another character on the line it now read “NORS.” 

“She lightly stroked my cock a few times then got on her knees and guided my cock into her mouth, the feeling was exquisite. The sight on my cock entering her mouth was almost more than I could take. I felt like shooting my cum all over her face as her head bobbed back and forth slurping and sucking away at my manhood. She pulled back just in time and handed me the contract once again, 

I put another letter on the page it now read “NORSA” 

“You want this sale pretty bad don’t you?” I said, trying to regain control.

“And you want me pretty bad don’t you?” she answered back. 

“Bend over the desk, I’ll sign your contract, but first I have to have you.”

She turned around and put both hands out to brace herself. I lifted her skirt above her waist and drove my cock all the way in. She moaned softly as I pumped her from behind. Her pussy was wet and tight, I slipped my right hand around to rub her clit as my cock penetrated her pussy lips. She started breathing heavy gripped the edge of the desk with all her might. I drove her forward with several more deep thrust and exploded inside her. She melted on the desk and I clutched her tightly shuddering with tremors from my climax.

“Where’s the Contract?” I asked trying to look like I was in charge.

She handed me the form and pulled at her dress. I put the final last letters on. It now read “Nor Sage.” 

“Thank you mister Sage, I’m sure you will enjoy your new car,” she added.

“Are you going to be late for dinner tonight?” I asked.

“No dear, I should be home on time tonight,” She said.

“Ok I’ll see you there and don’t forget to bring our new car home, I love you honey.”

“I love you too,” She said. With that she kissed my cheek lightly and said, “thanks for the Mustang sweetheart, I’ll see you at home tonight.”