 This is for a friend. 

*

Monica was bored at home. After many years of marriage, her sex life had dwindled down to virtually non-existent. It's not like she let herself go, at just over forty she was more fit than she had ever been. Just over the five-foot mark she weighed around 100 lbs, her abs were flat and rock hard from the gymnastics she practiced and there was no sag anywhere. Her husband was just not into sex like he was when they were younger. Monica often resorted to her friend Antonio, a red vibrator she had purchased years back. It seemed Antonio made her cum more than her husband did. 

Lately she had been talking to Charles at work. Charles was 25 and recently married, but it seemed his sex life was suffering a similar fate. His wife was hardly playful and it was more like they had been married for years. She was conservative too; no oral, limited positions, and only in the bedroom at night. Monica's jaw dropped when she heard that. 

Charles was a decent looking guy, more than a foot taller than her, big but not fat. He kind of resembled Kevin James but a bit thinner. Monica figured he would be getting it everyday. Charles thought the same of her. He thought her husband must be crazy or maybe going blind. When she told him her real age once, he told her she was lying. He figured maybe early-to-mid-thirties. Monica did a great job keeping herself up, even after two kids. 

As the two of them talked they realized they shared a mutual problem, spouses that didn't satisfy the one thing they wanted most from them. Both had tried spicing things up in their lives. Charles had tried introducing new concepts only to be turned down. Monica had shaved her bush hoping her husband would notice, he barely did. Monica looked at Charles with an evil grin, she knew how to solve their problem. Charles looked at her in shock, but he liked the idea too he had to admit. They agreed to meet at her house on a day they both had off, and when her husband and kids would be away. They both left work that day with fluttering heartbeats, but they were equally excited.

The big day came. Monica paced around her living room waiting for Charles's car to come down the road. She could barely stand, her legs were like jelly. She wanted this so bad. To feel a young cock inside her, one that could go for hours. She saw his car pull into the driveway, it was time. Charles got out of his car and nearly stumbled as he walked up the driveway. Today was all he had been able to think about. He had to resist jerking off for a couple days because he wanted to get the most out of it. He stepped up to the door and rang the doorbell. Monica came to the door with the widest smile she'd had in a long time. She was wearing her favorite sundress , she wanted something easy to take off. She invited him in and they went to her family room.

They sat on her couch and chit chatted for a while, too nervous to make the first move. Finally Monica had enough, she put her hand on Charles's leg and caressed his thigh. Charles, still a bit nervous moved in closer. He was slowly building confidence. He put his hand onto her shoulder and gently rubbed behind her neck. Monica shivered at the touch, she loved the light massage, she could already feel stirrings in her crotch. Monica rand her hand up higher on Charles's leg, wanting to get a hint at what he has inside his pants. She was pleased to find he was already getting hard. She couldn't wait to see what his wife rejected.

Charles finally built up the courage to lean in, they met in a kiss. It was passionate from the beginning. Their tongues swirled around each other, tasting, probing. They pressed against each other on the couch, hands moving over their bodies. They felt like two teenagers discovering it for the first time. Their mouths danced together as their hands explored. Charles ran his hands over her perky small breasts, feeling her already hardened nipples through the dress. Monica confirmed his hardness through his pants, she knew she must be soaking wet now. He ran his hands down her back softly squeezing her tight ass. He was totally engulfed now, all nervousness had been stripped away. 

Monica suggested they move to the bedroom, it was more comfortable than the couch. They ran up her stairs, not wanting to delay this any longer than it had to be. As soon as they entered the room Monica tore off her sundress. Standing there only in her bra and thong she stripped Charles of his shirt. They resumed their kiss as Monica's hands ran over his chest. Charles cupped her breasts eliciting a moan from Monica. He kissed his way down her neck as they fell down onto the bed. She moaned again as he kissed her neck. She rubbed over his nipples producing a moan of his own. She reached around her back and undid her bra clasps. 

She slid the bra off, revealing her breasts for the first time. Charles couldn't resist. He licked her left nipple, sucking on it in a way that drove Monica nuts. She could barely concentrate on undoing his belt. She finally got it free and undid the button on his jeans. She reached into his underwear and felt his burning cock for the first time. She was amazed by the thickness and couldn't wait to get a real look at it. Charles continued his assault on her breasts, furiously licking and sucking back and forth. Monica could barely handle the sensation. She continued to slide his pants down his legs, taking his underwear with them. His cock sprung out and she drew in a gasp of air. Around six inches in length, it was thicker than she had imagined. She began to stroke it making Charles moan louder than he had before.

Not wanting to blow too quickly, he began kissing his way down her body. He kissed over her toned abs as he made his way down south. He peeled her now soaked panties down her legs, kissing his way down as he did so. He kissed his way back up, and focused on her shaved mound. He glided his tongue up and down her slit, tasting her juices. He focused his attention on her swollen clit sending waves of pleasure throughout her body. She grabbed his head forcing him in deeper. His tongue bathed her clit, he couldn't get enough. He probed a finger around her still tight hole. He teased entering, poking in only a little at a time. He slowly slid into her letting her wetness cover his finger. He probed inside her, trying to find her g-spot. She writhed in the bed, squirming over the sheets as he fingered her. His tongue never left her clit as he ran in and out of her. He knew he found her spot when she arched her back.

She screamed aloud as her first orgasm swept over her. Wave after wave was sent out from her vagina. She hadn't felt this way in years. She couldn't wait to get his cock into her. He continued his combo of fingering and licking. She twisted on the bed, letting him have his way with her. When she could stand it no longer, she pulled him up and deeply kissed him tasting her own juices on his lips and tongue. She flipped him onto his back and told him it was his turn. Making her way down him, she teased his nipples, giving little licks. She lowed herself further and continued those licks on the head of his aching cock. She wrapped around the head like an ice cream cone, trailing her tongue around it. She positioned her lips around him taking his head into her mouth. She ran up and down his shaft, as she did she cupped his balls. She loved everything happening, she hadn't gotten this kind of attention in a long time.

She continued her oral attack on him, teasing him to the point of exploding, but backing off to prevent it. She had enough fun teasing and climbed her way back up Charles. She position her soaked opening over his throbbing cock and pressed down into him. She nearly screamed as she was penetrated by him. She slowly rode down his shaft until all of him was inside her. She ran up and down on him, increasing her pace as she became accustomed to his cock. Charles moved his hands all over her body as she rode him, feeling every inch of her, taking in her beauty. He grabbed onto her hips to thrust her down at a faster pace. Monica grinded as deeply as she could into him, bottoming out to his balls. Charles wanted to take control, so he flipped them over on the bed. He thrust hard into her slick hole. Monica grabbed on to him to pull him in deeper. She could feel a second orgasm washing over her and she screamed his name out loud. Charles had to concentrate hard not to blow just then. He wanted them to keep fucking as long as they could. They switched positions again, this time to doggy-style. 

Monica was melting around his cock and he fucked her from behind. She wanted him to cum badly. She moved them again so that she was back on top. She rode him faster than she thought humanly possible. She told him to fill her up with his hot seed. She wanted to feel him spurt inside her. She pulsated as another orgasm swept over her. This finally set Charles off. He exploded inside her tunnel sending burst after burst of cum into her. They shouted out simultaneously as ecstasy ran through them. The stayed together, not wanting to separate. They kissed longer, letting the passion take them over. Finally Charles slid out of Monica. They lay together for a while, playing with each other's bodies. They didn't want the afternoon to end quite yet. And they talked about what fun they would have in the future...