 I was 19 years old and in college when this adventure started. I was broke and looking for a job whenever a family friend suggested to my mother that he knew someone who was looking for a live in babysitter, since it was suggested by someone I trusted, I decided it was worth checking out. I had text with the wife back and forth, and she invited me to dinner at a very nice restaurant with her and her husband (with them footing the bill) and I quickly agreed. That was the night I met Tom and Denise Howardson. 

Denise was 5′3 with dark brunette hair and eyes to match. Despite being average height her legs were long and very shapely, and led up to beautiful wide hips which caught the eye of everyone in the room. Tom was 6′2 and in great shape, with broad shoulders and salt and pepper hair, he was a very handsome man. We got along very well, and they told me about their son. He was 5 years old, and needed someone to put him on the bus in the mornings and meet him after school (which was why they were looking for someone to live with them). After dinner we made plans for me to visit their home that weekend and then make my decision. Once I saw the house, it wasn't hard to decide. It was an absolutely gorgeous Victorian era two story house in a good neighborhood, and not a far walk from school. With a new semester having started, and my roommates driving me crazy, I needed something new anyway, so after the tour, I smiled at Tom and said "When do I start?" They paid me very well and always treated me with respect, and their son was absolutely adorable, what more could a girl ask for?

Fast forward about three weeks into our arrangement, and all is going well. It's Saturday night so Tom and Denise decide to have a date night. I put the little guy to bed around 8:30 and relaxed until they got home around 10. They walked in giggling, and Denise was clearly fairly tipsy, so I knew things had gone well. It was then that Tom announced that he was going to pour them both a drink, and asked if I would like to join them. When I pointed out that I was only 19, he winked and said "It'll be our little secret." 

I sat down with them with a glass of wine, and we all had a good time, mostly sharing stories and jokes, while I watched as Denise downed a couple of glasses of wine. It was at this point that I noticed how much Denise was staring at me, and being awfully flirty. I had never really thought of the two of them that way before, but with some wine in me, I started to notice how shapely her body was. She had changed out of her dress and was wearing leggings and a tank top, and let me tell you, those leggings couldn't hide anything. The more I thought about it, the more I wanted to flirt back, but it didn't seem right, I had come to think of Denise and Tom as beloved aunt and uncle, and yet, here I was getting excited by the idea of kissing her. Whenever Tom got up to get more wine, Denise moved over and set next to me on the love seat, and rested her hand on my thigh.

"Izzie, I'm sorry if I've made you uncomfortable! I get a bit... flirty when I drink wine. Tom knows it, the dirty old bastard, he's trying to loosen me up I think! But if you aren't comfortable, you can go to bed you know."

At this point, what part of my brain that was still thinking clearly told me I should take her advice and go to bed, but instead, I put my hand on her leg and giggling, I assured her that I was fine and that I was enjoying her flirting. She picked up on the hint pretty quickly and leaned in to kiss me. I wanted it, oh God I wanted it bad at that point, which is why my heart practically stopped when I heard Tom laughing behind us. He had walked in on his wife about to make out with a 19 year old! I could feel my face burning with embarrassment, but I could feel my pussy aching with desire as well. 

The mix of desire and emotions combined with alcohol pushed me into saying in the cutest voice I could manage "Mr. Howardson, you don't mind if your wife makes out with the babysitter, do you?" That was all the encouragement Denise needed apparently, because the next thing I knew, she was laying on top of me, our lips locked together and her tongue dancing circles around my mouth. I gave as good as I got however, pressing hard against Mrs. Howardsons lips, desperate to taste more of her. We broke long enough to move to the couch, with me sitting between Tom and Denise. As she and I continued to kiss, her hands made their way to my breasts, gently massaging me through my t-shirt. I took the hint this time, running one hand up and down her thighs, admiring how tight her legs were, and thinking about how desperately I wanted to feel them wrapped around my head. 

During all this, Tom had grabbed my other hand and was using me to massage his cock through his jeans, but I certainly didn't mind! It wasn't until he stopped and I heard him undoing his zipper that I decided to stop. Pulling away from both of them, I stood up. "You guys, we are drunk, and I think this is about to go one step farther. I don't want to come between a loving marriage, and I definitely don't want to lose my job over a drunken fling!"

At my words, Denise smiled up at me and said, "Sweetie, if you want to stop, we completely understand! But you aren't going to come between us, Tom and I have had this fantasy for years to share a woman. I want you, and I know Tom does! But if you say no, then we will stop right now, and we will pretend like this never happened." 

I could see it in her eyes how truthful this statement was, and it was in that moment, that I knew I was about to fuck Tom and Denise. Without another word, I got on my knees and grabbed onto the waistband of her leggings. As I peeled the soft material down, I got my first glimpse of Denise's pussy. Her pubic was a light brown color, and was neatly trimmed into a small tuft directly above her pussy and I could see how her pussy lips glistened with wetness. Once I got her pants off, Denise scooted down to where her ass was on the edge of the couch and her pussy was easily accessible for me. I had been with women before, but never a woman like Denise, and I wanted desperately to pleasure her. I took my time, running my tongue up and down her pussy, alternating from side to side before slipping my tongue between her lips to taste her juices. Tom watched as his 19 year old babysitter devoured his wife's pussy stroking his cock fiercely. 

As Denise moaned and writhed against my tongue, she began telling Tom how good it felt to have her pussy eaten by someone so innocent looking. This pushed him to his limit, declaring that he wanted his turn as well. As I began sucking his cock, Denise didn't move, continuing to play with her clit while watching me suck her husband. Apparently the combined feel of my lips and watching his wife was too much, as Tom started moaning. "Izzie, I'm going to cum, don't you dare stop!" His demand was so bold and aggressive that I began bobbing my head faster, wrapping my tongue around his meat, and begging him with my eyes to cum. I felt his ball start to twitch as he wrapped his hands around the back of my head, holding me in place while he shot his first load of the night down my throat.

As he came down from his orgasm, Denise grabbed me by the hand and led me to the master bedroom, where she helped me undress and laid me back on the bed so she could taste my pussy. It didn't take long for this incredibly talented woman to make me cum, and we cuddled together afterward, pressing our naked bodies together. Tom walked in shortly afterward. "Are you two all done for the night?" he asked with a laugh. 

I could see that his cock was only half hard, so in the same voice I had used earlier, I whined "But Mr. Howardson, you haven't fucked my teen pussy yet!" With a wicked grin, he grabbed me by the ankles, pulling me toward the middle of their king sized bed, and climbed between my legs, his cock hard as a rock. Still incredibly wet from my earlier orgasm, Mr. Howardson had no problem sliding his 8 inches between my lips with one thrust, eliciting a moan from me that could have woken the neighbors. As he drilled into my cunt, Mrs. Howardson decided she wanted a ride as well, and I watched as she draped her leg over my head, lowering her pussy down against my eager mouth. But this time, she took charge, so while Tom fucked me, Denise grabbed my hair and held my head in place, roughly grinding her pussy against my nose and lips. I had never cum so hard in my life before, being used as a sex toy between a man and wife, knowing that I was fulfilling their fantasies. After two more orgasms for me, and one for Denise, Tom grunted that he was about to cum, and pulled out of my pussy, shooting his seed across my tummy and pussy. After that the three of us laid together, eventually drifting to sleep. Sometime in the middle of the night, I woke up and went to my own bed where I slept like a baby.

The next morning I woke up around 11, far later than I normally do and rushed downstairs, afraid that Tom and Denise would be angry with me. Instead I walked into the kitchen to find them both smiling while Tom cooked bacon and eggs. There was no awkwardness at all, other than Tom asking if I was upset about what had happened the night before. I assured them I definitely wasn't, but I sleep better in my own bed is all. It was then that Denise told me about how she and Tom had been talking.

"Izzie, Tom and I had an incredible time last night! You helped us to achieve a long time fantasy, and it was some of the best sex of our marriage. With that in mind, we would like to make you an offer. Feel free to say no, or take time to think about it, but whatever your answer is nothing will change as far as your living arrangements here. In addition to everything you do for our son, and helping keep the house clean, we would like to hire you as... Let's call it a marriage assistant. There's no easy way to put this where it won't be awkward, so I'll just come out and say it. We want to have sex with you again, both of us. Together and separately, and we are willing to double your salary. It's not that we think of you as a prostitute or anything! But we know how hard college can be to pay for, and you're a smart and beautiful woman, so if we can help you achieve your goals, and have some fun along the way, then we would love too. What do you think?"

As I sat there, thinking about their proposal, and wondering if I could willingly sell my body like that, I realized something. I wanted them too! The idea of being a live in slut for them was so incredibly hot that my pussy was soaked just thinking about it! I stood up, walked around the table, and kissed Denise deeply, then turned and kissed Tom as well. 

"When do I start?"