 Nicki and Gavin were both married, to separate partners, who had been introduced to each other through mutual friends. Married as they were, their respective marriages were not the steadiest of relationships. Nicki was married to an engineer who had no real regard for her needs and desires. Personal hygiene for him did not matter and the days between bathing could be counted on both sets of hands, this led to her refusing all sexual approaches he ever made towards her. Gavin, on the other hand was married to a career woman. Sex was like a chore to her performed with the least amount of effort possible to mutually enjoy the situation. Gavin’s problem was having to suppress a high sex drive.

Often the couples would see each other around and would spend the time passing the time of day with casual conversation. Socially they had little or nothing in common, but things would change. Nicki’s husband had to go away for 6 months for his company meaning Nicki would be relieved of his unwelcome pressures. Shortly afterwards Gavin’s wife was transferred to Berlin to work. Being career orientated this would give her the chance to progress, therefore their relationship became one of seeing each other for 2 weekends a month. Fine for her sexual needs but not for Gavin’s. For him things looked bleak, back to the times of masturbation for self-gratification, the idea of another sexual partner never even entered his mind. 

Over the next few weeks they passed each other stopping to talk and ask how each other was and could they help with any thing, usually the answer was no. One-day after they had been talking, as they left to go their separate ways, Gavin asked “ Would you like to come to dinner tonight?” Immediately Nicki replied “ I’d love to thanks, what time? “7.30pm” was the reply.

7.30 pm came and the door bell rang to Gavin’s apartment. The door opened and in walked Nicki, not dressed to kill or devour a man, but still very attractively dressed. The meal came and went along with a reasonable amount of alcohol, enough to make both feel at ease with each others company, but still wary about giving the wrong signals. The drinks relaxed both Nicki and Gavin, and when a slow record came on , Gavin unexpectedly blurted out “ Will you dance?”. Nicki replied “Yes” so slowly they came together moving in rhythm to the music. A mixture of good food, drink and the gentle smell of Nicki’s perfume slowly aroused Gavin, which he only realized as he felt his penis starting to strain at his boxers. Unaware to him Nicki was equally aroused with a distinct wetness starting to emerge from between her vaginal lips. Slowly they moved closer together until Gavin could feel her large 44DD breasts pushing against his chest. Gavin responded gently by pressing his rapidly growing penis into her vagina. They looked at each other and without saying a word kissed gently and then more passionately, both realizing that they both wanted to fuck each other desperately. Without saying a word, Nicki stepped back a pace, moved her hands to the front of Gavin’s trousers and questioningly asked “Yes?” Without needing to say a word Gavin responded by cupping her large heaving breasts in his hands and gently massaged them, teasingly finding her already erect nipples and gently ran his fingers over them. Nicki pulled open the front of Gavin’s trousers and as they fell to his ankles took his now rapidly growing penis in one hand. “Fuck me Gavin, I really want to feel this raging cock in my cunt”. “Yes, of course I will” said Gavin shaking with excitement.

They moved into the bedroom, kissing, cuddling and searching each others bodies as they went. In the bedroom they kissed harder and harder their bodies were alight with desire to fuck each other. Gavin quickly pulled Nicki’s blouse off of her and reaching behind released the catch to her bra, releasing those glorious breasts of Nicki’s. Cupping a breast in each hand Gavin played with those large breasts, he’d never felt such large breasts before and enjoyed massaging them gently and sucking softly and then hard on Nicki’s erect nipples increasing her arousal every second. Nicki was not standing still whilst enjoying all of this much lacked attention. She slid her hands under Gavin’s T-shirt, pulling it up and over his head rapidly discarding it into a corner of the room. She ran her hands across his hairy chest finding his nipples and playing with them in return. “Why couldn’t they have met when they were single” they both thought to themselves.

Hands quickly moved down each others bodies as they kissed harder and harder. A zip being undone was heard and Nicki’s skirt fell to the floor. “Yes” she whispered hard into Gavin’s ear as his hands slid into the back of Nicki’s soaking wet underwear. But Gavin could be a tease, he ran a hand round to the front of Nicki’s knickers and pushed a hand up into her dripping wet cunt. Nicki groaned with delight and anticipation. Then a finger slipped up the side into her moist wet cunt. “God, I want you to fuck me desperately” Nicki whispered into Gavin’s ear as he fingered her cunt deeper and deeper, “How deep can he finger fuck me” she asked herself. Not wanting to just remain on the receiving end of all of Gavin’s attentions Nicki finally released Gavin’s straining cock from its restraints by sliding his boxers down to his ankles. Gavin responded by stepping out of his shorts, standing there naked as Nicki ran a hand down Gavin’s stomach pausing as she reached his pubic hairs. Free at last Gavin’s raging hard cock stood erect waiting for attention from Nicki. Smiling wickedly Nicki took a small step back from Gavin, instead of grasping his rampant cock she gently slid a finger across the top of him pubic hair and down the side of his erect shaft to gently squeeze and fondle his balls. Gavin moaned loudly with delight. “What had he been missing for all these years” he thought. 

Not to be outdone by Gavin’s attentions to her rapidly dripping cunt Nicki slowly lowered herself to her knees, kissing Gavin gently down the body as she approached his gently twitching penis. As she reached her knees she touched Gavin’s cock for the first time, running a finger down the back of his manhood, between his balls, across the skin to his anus which she gently tickled. Then she could smell his manhood about half an inch from her mouth. Her tongue reached out from her mouth and tickled his balls. Gavin stood there with his hands on the back of Nicki’s head wanting to pull her mouth onto his aching cock. Nicki’s hand came out from his anus and gently pulled back Gavin’s foreskin revealing a moist, hot penis head. At this point Nicki slid Gavin’s cock into her mouth taking as much as she could without gagging. She sucked, licked and squeezed Gavin’s cock for what seemed an eternity. After about 30 seconds Nicki came off of Gavin’s penis. “On the bed he whispered” to her. Nicki rose to her feet and laid on the bed, waiting for more of Gavin’s attentions whatever they would be. Her wait was short lived, Gavin laid beside her and whispered gently “ I never expected this when I invited you to dinner.” “Nor did I, but what a great way to end up” she replied as Gavin started kissing one breast and gently fingering she cunt.

Nicki spread her legs wider for ease of access as Gavin’s thumb massaged her clit with two more fingers sliding evenly in and out of her cunt. Nicki laid there thinking to herself why couldn’t she command this attention from her husband, but was already sure that she could get more of this attention from Gavin after this night. She was right.

Gavin’s tongue moved from her breasts as he slowly moved to straddle her, resting her hot aching breasts on his knees and Nicki grasped his cock with both hands masturbating him gently whilst Gavin leant back and continued to finger fuck her. Nicki released Gavin’s cock, she was going to make sure that he didn’t cum before she’d had his cock rammed hard into her cunt which was now flooding with her love juices. Instead she cupped a breast in each hand and slowly tit-fucked Gavin who groaned with delight, a new experience to him which he was visibly enjoying. She stopped a couple of minutes later, she wanted him to come back for more on a regular basis so wanted to make this the longest and best fuck he had ever had. “Let me suck you more” Nicki said, so Gavin slid round into the most comfortable position for Nicki to start cock sucking again. This left the wettest of cunts he had ever experienced inches from his face. “Why not” he thought, lifted one of Nicki’s legs and started gently licking her cunt. Nicki responded immediately by pushing Gavin onto his back, where, without letting go of his cock, she straddled his face and said to him, “Eat me Gavin I want to know that I’ve been tongue fucked when I wake in the morning.” Not being one to disappoint Gavin went to work, spreading her labia with both hands, sucking her love juices into his mouth and tongue fucking her clit. There was no way Gavin was going to waste all of those glorious love juices.

As Gavin continued working on Nicki’s cunt, Nicki was determined to give the best blow job Gavin had ever had. Normally reticent about giving O to anybody this felt so natural to be sucking Gavin’s cock, sucking, nibbling and licking it, leaving Gavin no idea what she would do next. Why wasn’t she married to him” she asked herself, at long last a man who liked giving as well as receiving pleasure. Both of them groaned together in pleasure knowing it wouldn’t be long before they would both orgasm, and still Gavin hadn’t rammed his penis up her cunt and there was no way that Nicki was going to let that happen. Sliding Gavin’s cock from her mouth, Nicki said, “ Fuck me Gavin I want your cock rammed hard up my cunt.” Talking like this increased their pleasure as Gavin slid from under Nicki’s body feeling her dangling breasts rub against his face. “Lovely tits” he thought. “Roll over” he said to her, “ I want to take you from behind to give maximum penetration,” to which she immediately raised her buttocks in the air coming up onto her knees. With her elbows on the bed her wet cunt was raised, gaping, waiting to be entered from behind. Nicki held her breath with unknown expectation. From where Gavin was positioned he could see those perfect breasts dangling as she swayed them from side to side brushing her nipples on the bed increasing their hardness. Gavin grasped his penis and moved towards that gaping cunt. What gorgeous ass Gavin thought, plenty to grasp on to. Gavin hated small ass, nothing to them. He rubbed his throbbing member against the ever spreading labia, teasing gently, he pushed his cock between her cheeks deliberately missing Nicki’s cunt and running the back of his shaft over her tight little ass hole. Nicki gasped with enjoyment “Don’t, just fuck me and fuck me hard!!” Not being one to say no Gavin slid his ever growing member into her flooded fuck hole. At last Nicki thought I’ve got his cock inside me. Gently and in rhythm they rocked together, Gavin pushing hard into Nicki’s cunt as she reached the length of his penis, whilst leaning forward and playing with Nicki’s nipples.

After what seemed an eternity of fucking Gavin whispered “Nicki will you go on top?” “Yes” she replied, as they gently prized their bodies apart, so this is what it feels like to be as one, Gavin thought. As Gavin lay his back onto the bed Nicki climbed on top kissing him gently as she straddled him. Now she was in charge. She sat there, Gavin’s cock pushed gently against his stomach as she leant forward and they kissed. She could taste her cunt juices around his mouth. Slowly Nicki lifted a leg, gently taking Gavin’s rod in one hand and gliding it up into her sopping wet cunt. She could feel his length reaching far up into her. “Yes” she said again as Gavin gently started massaging her hot breasts, she loved having all this attention paid to them as it would only heighten her orgasm when reached. Sliding her wet cunt up and down Gavin’s shaft Nicki could feel that she was on the way to orgasm. She felt Gavin push his member up into her as she pushed downwards. Gavin was also close to cuming. Nicki leant forward to allow Gavin suck her nipples. Some how Gavin squeezed them so he could lick and suck both nipples at the same time. Simultaneously Nicki and Gavin both started to shudder, pushing harder onto each other, hearts pounding, heavy breathing. Gavin grunted as the first load of cum shot up into Nicki’s cunt. At the same time, thanks to much nipple and breast massage along with the grinding of Nicki’s clit into Gavin’s pelvic bone, the first shot of cum pushed Nicki into one orgasm followed quickly by another. 

As they lay there on the bed, Nicki and Gavin kissed and cuddled each other gently, both knowing that this could be the first of many great fucks if they wanted. Time slowly drifted by as they lay together, both not wanting to let go of what had happened that night. After a while Nicki said “I’ll have to go, the baby sitter will be expecting me home soon. They slowly dressed, both thinking happily of how an invite to dinner had led to the best fuck they had ever had. As Gavin saw Nicki to the door they kissed and looked at each other. “Again sometime?” Gavin asked. 

“Try and stop me” Nicki replied as she disappeared into the darkness of the night.

To find out if there was more, you’ll have to ask and then wait and see.