 I wake up first. I see you lying next to me peacefully sleeping. I carefully slip out of bed and quietly open the door, carefully closing it after slipping through. I softly pad downstairs. I head into the kitchen and pull out two mugs. I turn on the espresso maker as I put away the clean dishes from last night. I start your latte. Two shots of espresso. And then I put my mug under and my three shots. I pour the milk and start steaming. I worry some about the noise, but I know you like your coffee in the morning. The milk is done and I pour it into our mugs. I carefully carry them back upstairs.

I set the mugs down to use both hands to quietly open the door. I swing it open and see you are awake as I grab the mugs and bring them in. Your face lights up as you say "Coffee!" I smile as I hand you your mug. I try to kiss you, but you demure saying "I haven't brushed my teeth." I set mine down on the other side of the bed and go back to close and lock the door.

I arrange the pillows so I can sit next to you in bed as you sip your coffee. I sit down and take a sip of mine. It is good to have a moment of quiet. Our life has been hectic lately.

We talk some about the day. What needs to be done for the kids today? You saw the price of the car rental for our upcoming trip has gone down. Little inconsequential things as we sip our coffee and anticipate what we both know will be happening a little later this morning.

A silence falls for a moment, interrupted by quiet sips. We are just enjoying the company of one another on this morning. Our cups become empty. You softly ask "Wash?" I know you are fastidious when it comes to preparing for sex. I smile as I get up and start brushing my teeth. You get up and start washing yourself. After you are done, you brush your teeth as I wash. By the time I am done, you are back in bed, looking sexy with the sheet just covering your bush and just over your breasts. I come over and kiss you on the lips. Your lips part as our tongues seek each other out.

You pat the bed next to you, indicating you want me to lie down. I climb in and your hand snakes down to grasp my erection. I kiss lightly on your neck and nibble your earlobe. I trail kisses down your neck as I make my way to your breast. I pull the sheet down, uncovering them for my hungry gaze. You stroke slowly on my penis, enjoying the feel of the length in your hand. I flick out my tongue to tease your nipple. I grasp the rubbery nipple between my lips and gently squeeze. My hand reaches out to grab your other nipple and gently squeeze and twist. A soft moan escapes from your lips.

I suck your nipple fully into my mouth. I feel you squirming at the sensation as I continue sucking and playing with your other nipple. You shift on the bed, indicating you want me in you, but I want to prolong the tease so I switch my mouth to your other nipple. I enjoy the feel of it in my mouth as my tongue bathes it and teases it to hardness. It always is exciting to me to feel your nipples harden in my mouth or under my touch.

I decide I cannot wait and so I shift down. You lift your leg over my hip and I slide my bottom leg under the other, capturing it between mine. I gently use my fingers to spread your lips. I can feel the moisture there as I guide my erection. I slide the tip some, moistening it. I push a little, enough for the tip to go in. Another low moan escapes as I slide in a little further. I start with short strokes, moistening my shaft with your lubricant. I push in deeper. And out again. I continue several more strokes, deepening my penetration, until finally, I am unsheathed fully within you. I hold still a moment, savoring the feeling. I grab a pillow and slide it under your leg above my hip. You gratefully lower it onto the pillow as I start sliding slowly out and in. We enjoy the slow pace. We don't need to rush as I close my eyes to concentrate more on the feeling of your silken passage as I slide in and out. Your breathing increases as we both are enjoying this. I continue a steady slow pace, trying to prolong our coupling.

I feel you squeezing on me as the waves build up. They push you higher as I continue, moans escaping your lips. A loud moan escapes as I feel your orgasm crashing in on you. I continue my slow pace, wanting you to enjoy. After I feel you relax some, I shift position some. Getting up more on my side, I have more leverage and I pick up the pace. I slide in and out quickly and using my full length. You moan again as I continue, building to my own release. Finally it washes over me as I push fully in you. Yet another moan escapes from you as I add my own, in our own sensual chorus of ecstasy.

I hold myself in you, as deep as I can, while our breathing starts to slow. When it returns to normal, I slide out and roll over on my back, handing you a towel so the wetness doesn't seep onto the sheets. I have another towel for myself.

I look over at you and say "Good Morning". 

You smile back at me as you reply, "Good Morning."