 What is it about pleated skirts, white knit socks and saddle shoes on a beautiful tanned 18-year-old girl that gets a guy going, huh? Plus, let me tell you, the skirts where never that short when I was in high school.

I had prepared myself for a day of wild uninhibited sex. I woke up at 6:00 am, getting all the kids ready for school. This included everything from bathing the little ones to feeding everyone breakfast and preparing their lunch. I deposited them at school, drove like a mad man to a drug store to get two packs of condoms and a tube of lube, (lest my wife start asking questions). Hauled ass back to my house, found the hair trimmer I seldom use and started trimming my pubic hair. Jumped into the shower and scrubbed myself clean 'till I was pink. After drying off I clipped and filed all my nails, brushed and flossed, and finally found some clean shorts and my favorite dark blue t-shirt to wear. I was ready. I went downstairs, got the newspaper, sat in my den and started killing time.

At exactly 8:05, there was a knock on the kitchen door, and there she was. Her hair was in a ponytail, lips looking moist and glossy but natural in color. Her eyes were vibrant. Typical white blouse unbuttoned in order to decently show some cleavage, the killer skirt, showing firm, long, tan, non-cellulite 18-year legs, and those quaint saddle shoes.

As soon as I opened the door she rushed in and closed the door behind her, apparently worried that someone, somehow would see her. As she closed it behind herself and turned around, she went towards me for I what I thought was a hug, but she ended up jumping up and hugging me while wrapping her legs around me and kissing me. I grabbed her thighs in order to balance ourselves but my hands ended up grabbing her delicious ass cheeks, which were panty less or at worst, she was wearing a tiny imperceptible g-string.

Not being accustomed to holding or carrying my partner, I was backing up trying to find the wall in order to lean up against it for support. When I finally made it, and was able to revel in the situation, she slowly planted one foot down and the other, and continued kissing me.

"I've been thinking about what you're going to do to me all night," she said between kisses as she grabbed my now painfully hard cock.

"I dreamt about you in my sleep and woke up all wet," she continued.

She slowly worked herself down to her knees and unbuttoned my shorts pulling them down along with my underwear. She grabbed my cock and started kissing its head, licking the pole and tickling my ball sack. Than she started in earnest with a full-blown blowjob (no pun intended). Honestly, the scenario did more for me than the actual blowjob because she was good, but I knew she wasn't going to be good enough to get me off. Never the less, this little cutie pie on her knees in the kitchen giving me a blowjob definitely thrilled me.

After a few minutes I pulled her up to the standing position and placed her facing the wall, where I started to softly kiss the nape of her neck while my hands found her breasts. I unbuttoned the blouse and unhooked the bra (front clasping), and started rubbing the underside of her breasts and softly massaging her areolas and nipples. As I kissed and fondled, she started rubbing her ass up and down my cock through her skirt.

With my left hand on her breast, my right hand traveled south to the promised land, and I had been right all along....no panties. She was incredibly wet, which facilitated my putting some of that love juice on my fingers and rubbing all over her lips, clit and insides.

She started whimpering very softly.

"Do you like this?" I asked.

"Uh huh"

"Have you been thinking about this?" I asked her.

"You have no idea Mr. G.," she answered.

"What do you want me to do to you now?"

"Fuck me"

Deciding to try to prolong it as much as possible, I started rubbing her a little faster. Then, when she was almost there, I stopped kneading her breasts and got down on my knees behind her and told her to bend over as much as possible. She separated a little from the wall, firmly planted both hands on it, and pushed away until her upper torso was parallel to the floor.

With her butt jutting deliciously out, I started tonguing her from the hood of her clit all the way to the top of her ass crack. Then I worked on the lips for a while, then the clit, then stuck my tongue in her pussy as far as it would go, and then superficially licked her asshole. She trembled, but kept her hands firmly on the wall. After a good ten minutes of this torture, she said, "Please Mr. G., I need to CUM, I can't take it any more."

With that, I got up, pulled condom number 1 out of my shorts on the floor and guided her towards the kitchen counter, placed her facing it with her back to me while she gripped the edge, slipped on the rubber, and entered her from behind nice and slowly.

Heaven.

Warm, moist, tight. Luscious.

I had gotten so worked up I didn't want to blow my load too quickly, so I forced myself to go as slow as feasibly possible. She was loving it.

"Oh Mr. G. that feels soooo gooooood!!!

She had no idea how good it felt to me. I had pulled her skirt over her waist so I could enjoy the scenery. Being on her tippy toes and spread wide made her legs look ever more taut than they already were. Plus, I don't know if she was the perfect height, the counter was exactly where it should be, or if we just made the perfect fucking couple, but the physics were absolutely perfect.

Look, I consider myself to be about as average as there is. I don't have a monster cock, at 6 feet tall; I'm no giant or shorty. But, let me tell you, I was going in and out of her perfectly. Not like when you're doing it from behind and it keeps on slipping out. Noooo. It was perfect.

Plus, she was bearing down and making it rub that special spot something fierce. I don't know what possessed me, but I was holding out like a champ. You guys out there know what I'm talking about, right? Every now and then, you hit a stride, you pace yourself, you commit to not selling her or yourself short, and you're THE man. It might happen once in a blue moon, but that Monday was my blue moon.

Nicky started moaning, louder and louder which corresponded to her engaging herself more and more forcefully with my cock. Than....she came. It was more like convulsed, to the point that I thought she would snap my dick off. She shook, she put her feet down, than she got up on her tippy toes again, she pushed all the way back, than forward, than back, she slammed her hands down on the counter, her hands slipped, she lost her footing, it was an orchestra of uncoordinated actions.

As she was coming off her high, I spotted a chair, and got an idea. I disengaged, got the chair and pulled it towards the counter. I asked Nicky to climb on the counter and kneel down on it, facing away from me. Then I bent her forward 'till she was folded over. I climbed onto the chair and entered her once again from behind. What a sight we must have been. This 40 year old guy standing on a chair, slamming this beautiful creature as she lay on the kitchen counter. I moved her as close as possible to the edge and went at it. Unfortunately, as I started getting more and more into it, I sensed the chair wasn't going to hold.

I pushed her forward so that she would get on all fours and then climbed up on the counter myself and started up again. Much much better.

It seemed that this was the best position so far, and she was as happy as could be. No footing to look out for, just nice secure fucking (unless you fell off of course).

As her tempo increased, and her moaning got louder and louder, and her words indicated she was THERE, I reached the point of no return. She was slamming back into me with the same gusto that I was slamming into her. When she cried out, "I'm cummmmiiinngggg!!!" I released a sea of sperm into her.

Honestly, I was little winded. I hadn't had sex like that since I was single. After I pulled out of her she laid down on the counter. I got up, removed the condom, and went to sit down on the couch in the den, picking up my shorts along the way.

She came in about thirty seconds later and threw herself on the other side of the same couch, looking somewhat disheveled. Her hair was a little out of whack, her blouse open down the front, her face looking like she had just ran a marathon. She kicked her shoes off, tucked her legs under her, and said, "that was amazing Mr. G."

"It certainly was"

"I had no idea sex could be that good"

"Let me tell you something Nicky, it takes two to tango. You were remarkable as well. You made me feel great all over."

"Well then I guess it's just a matter of who's leading," she remarked as she slipped one foot over my lap and started playing with my cock through my shorts.

"Now Nicky, be honest with me, you've never had intercourse with anybody before?"

"Never like that."

"I thought you said the most you had let Matt get to was third base."

"The most I ever let Matt get to WAS third base. BUT I've had, umh, umh, relations, with other people."

"What do you mean, relations?"

"You really want to know?"

"Absolutely," I said.

"Promise you won't think badly of me?"

"Of course I promise."

Then she went on to describe how during Christmas break she let her grandparent's pool boy do her while her family was out.

"He took your virginity?" I asked while trying to be non-judgmental.

"NOOOO. He was my second."

"Who was the first?"

"David. Exchange student for a semester who was NEVER coming back."

"And how did that go?"

"Nothing to brag about, especially after this morning."

"How about the pool boy?"

"That was different. I caught him looking me over in my little bikini while I was putting lotion on, and for some odd reason it turned me on. The sun, the skimpy bikini, being outdoors, no one home but maybe getting caught, being oiled up, I don't know, it just happened, you know? I turned over onto my stomach and asked him to put lotion on my back."

As she was telling me the story she was still absentmindedly rubbing my cock with her foot, and it was getting more and more difficult to concentrate for me.

"He spread lotion all over me and then told me Florida girls sunbathe nude in order not to get tan lines. Without even waiting for my answer he yanked my bottoms off. I turned over to yell at him and he pinned me down and kissed me. I tried to push him away but it was no use, plus, like I said, I was really turned on. He started rubbing up against me, and one thing lead to another."

"Was it good?"

"It was erotic. We didn't even know each other's name. The circumstances, the one time thing, I don't know."

"Did you cum?"

"No. Not right then. I mean, it took him like two seconds to get off, and then he left and I went into the pool and let the jets finish me off."

"Pretty resourceful"

"Ummhhhh, the jets are great."

"I bet."

I got up and got us some water, and when I returned, she had dozed off. I softly called her name, but she was out. I decided now would be a good a time as any to make a beer and beverage run.

I made it to the grocery store and back in about forty-five minutes. I stocked the fridge with the beer and soda and checked on my special friend. She wasn't there! Where the hell could she have gone??? Please don't tell me that was it!

I left the den, passed the dining room, checked in my study and nothing. As I headed for the staircase I noticed a white sock on the floor. Then, on the stairs themselves, another one. At the top of the banister the blouse, in the corridor the skirt and hanging from the handle to my room, the bra. Nothing like a little creativity.

As I looked in the room, there she was in all her glory laying face down on the bed, rubbing herself on a pillow she had situated underneath her. She looked over my way and asked, "you going to join me or not?"

I practically ripped my clothes off and jumped into bed with her. We started making out like school kids, and roaming our hands all over each other's body. She eventually climbed on top of me, straddled me, and started playfully rubbing her pubic area over mine. In internal fight brewed deep within me as I debated stopping the incredible sensations I was enjoying to climb off the bed and get another condom. Just thinking about how good my cock would feel deep inside her without any obstacles just made it more difficult. However, not being one who enjoyed scandals, I paused for a moment and put it on.

As soon as it was on my cock, she impaled herself on it. Why oh why did it feel even better than the first time?

She was slowly grinding herself up and down, and voicing how good it felt.

I did notice that she was also trying to connect her clit with my pubic bone, but I suppose that synergy requires a little know how and practice. I was reaching up every now and then to fondle her breasts and lightly squeeze her nipples, and then I would sit up and make out with her while I fondled that magnificent ass of hers. I would then reach down and take each nipple in my mouth and suckle on it.

We were both enjoying ourselves but if this continued, I was the only one that was going to get off. I stopped her, made her turn around with her back towards me, and started all over again. The view was out of this world. Perfect back side, no handles, no ripples in the ass area when she hit rock bottom, and that ponytail of hers dangling backwards while she moaned seemed awfully animalistic. Again, I was getting dangerously close to cumming, and I wanted to make it a memorable orgasm for her. I told her to lean back and lay down, which she did. I grabbed the baby oil off the night table and poured some between her breasts and then started rubbing them firmly, eventually tugging lightly on the nipples, which were now rock hard.

"Oh Mr. G., that feels awesome."

"You like it, huh?"

"God yes!"

After a few minutes, I got her to sit up, still facing away from me, and I leaned over and grabbed the corded massager off the night table, turned it on and told her to place it on her clit.

The first orgasm slammed into her within five seconds. Again, all I was trying to do was keep my dick in her as she was bouncing and grinding away. She had about four or five more 'till she turned the massager off and lay down next to me.

"I had no ideas my nipples were so sensitive. I swear I could have cum just from what you were doing to them."

"Really?"

"Yeah. Mr. G. I got the munchies, can we eat something please?"

"Sure Nicky, how about pizza?"

"Perfect, everything except onions, peppers and shrooms, OK?"

"Alright, how about Papa John's?"

"Great"

I got the phone, made the call and then excused myself to get a quick shower.

As I was I soaping up, in walks Nicky.

"You mind?" she asked.

"Are you kidding, of course not."

Unfortunately, I'm one of those people that at times worry too much about things. As I was soaping her up, I thought I heard the doorbell, which completely broke my train of thought. Just as I was getting into it again, the dam doorbell wrung, and this time I was sure.

I toweled off, put on my robe and went downstairs. The pizza, which by the way never comes before the half hour had made it to my house miraculously in twenty minutes.

I placed the pizza on the breakfast table, pulled out two beers and called out to Nicky to join me.

She came down in just a towel wrapped around her. Ahhhh sweet temptation.

We started eating, drinking and talking about sex.

"Mr. G., would you kill me if I told my best friend about what we've been doing?"

"Nicky, sweetheart, you can't tell a soul what we've been doing! I'm married, I have four kids, I know your parents, and something as good as what we've been doing has to be illegal, trust me!"

"It's just that, well, she and I always talk about sex, and bust on our boyfriends because they don't have a clue about what they're doing. I swear she wouldn't tell anyone, I promise."

"Nicky, I'm starting to get worried here. You have to promise not tell anyone or else I could end up in real trouble, OK?

"Oh all right."

"Promise me Nicky, I wanna hear you say it."

"All right all right, I promise."

"Good then, I'll take your word as a lady. Now tell me, who's your friend?"

"Mandy from school."

"Uh huh, and????"

"And what Mr. G?"

"Well, what have you shared with her so far?"

"I've told her about David and Matt."

"How about the pool guy?"

"God no, she'd think I'm a skank or something!"

"Uh huh, and what else do you talk about with her?"

"Girl stuff Mr. G."

"Well, like what???"

"What do you want to know?"

With that offer on the table, I led her upstairs and lay down on the bed next to her.

"Do you tell her you play with yourself sometimes?"

"She knows."

"How does she know?", I asked as I slowly ran my fingers up and down her body.

"I don't know, it just that sometimes, it's like understood without having to say it, you know?"

"No. Does she play with herself? Does she tell you?"

"No, I mean she sometimes tells me she woke up all horny and stuff but that she "relieved" herself and went on, stuff like that."

Unfortunately this wasn't going were I wanted it to go so I had to change course.

"Tell me about your fantasies Nicky."

"Like sexual fantasies?"

"Yeah."

"Hum. (Pause). The beach, definitely doing it on the beach at night with the moon looking over us."

"Ok, interesting, how about another?"

"I don't know Mr. G., like, should I have more fantasies?"

"Well, have you ever watched porn?"

"Oh definitely"

"Have you ever wished you could trade places with one of the actresses?"

"For sure."

"What are you favorite scenes when you're watching?"

"What do you mean?"

"What gets you the horniest when you're watching those movies?"

"Oh, uhh, everything, I don't know."

"Do you like it when two guys are doing one girl or vice versa?"

"You know, I've thought about it, and yeah, two guys and me sounds pretty cool, but I don't think I could concentrate on giving one guy a blowjob with the other one screwing me, you know? How about you Mr. G.? Ever have a threesome?"

"Twice, and one of those times it was the sexual highlight of my life."

"Really!!??"

"Absolutely."

"With Mrs. G.?"

"No no no."

"Who, where and when?"

"Oh Nicky, I shouldn't be telling you these things."

"Oh come on, I've told you EVERYTHING!!! You gotta tell me."

As I poured some more oil on her and started rubbing her down, I started to tell her about my trip to the Cayman Islands and the 24 and 18 year olds I met at the hotel. They were there along with six other girls for a hospitality seminar that their hotel from Costa Rica had sent them with their boss. We drank a ton and then moved the party to the girls' room. They had four rooms all in a row and connecting. We drank some more, and as the night progressed I walked to the last room, to do what, I don't remember. Eventually, Glenda (the 24 y.o.) and Iria, (the 18 y.o.) came in and we started talking and joking around. The transition from talking to lying in bed naked is fuzzy, but what happened afterwards was the best sex of my life.

Nicky was dying to know why, and I explained that the difference between a good threesome and a not-so-good threesome was what the participants were willing to do. Specifically, it's not one guy having sex with two girls at different times; it's three people having sex with each other, simultaneously.

"Ohhhh....."

"How about you Nicky? That sound appealing to you?"

"Me having sex with you and another girl??? At the same time?"

"Yeah."

"I don't know Mr. G., I'd really have to think about that."

"Well, give it some thought and let me know, OK?"
