 It is official -- summertime is over. Our usual summer philanthropy of selling trinkets, crap, and dust collectors is supposed to be an all-summer project, but everyone is running around the neighborhoods, knocking on doors, and trying to hock as much of this stuff as we can. I never figured out the connection - if we are good at selling this stuff, how does that make me a good Catholic? I see a connection if my future contains mentions of Amway, Pampered Chef, or Used Cars, but will God love me more for selling seven more coaster sets than Mary?

Anyway, this is my last year doing this shit. I just turned 18 last month and I am getting ready to wrap up my parochial school career. Each year this sales thing gets easier and easier -- a growing bra and cup size always helps increase sales. I was a 38C last year and did really well, so I wonder how I'll do as a 40D this time around. I also figured out the trick to selling this stuff. Sell to men. Sell only to men. In every guy, somewhere is some form of schoolgirl crush (and thank you Brittany Spears for helping popularize this fantasy). Don't sell to women or to a man with his wife within view. While a guy will drool over a Catholic School uniform, his wife won't have the same reaction and you can kiss a sale goodbye.

I was going door to door on my second to last Saturday to sell stuff when I came to Al's house. He was a little out of place in our neighborhood. Al was single, no kids, no baggage, and living surrounded by dozens of homes, all with 2.3 kids and white picket fences. At first, there were whispers that he was gay or something, but those rumors quickly died away. The word they started to use was 'gigolo.' I didn't even realize people used that expression, but it seemed to fit. As most people went to church, it wasn't uncommon to see a strange car in his driveway, or some woman coming out the front door doing the 'walk of shame' back to her car. 

Al didn't really live up to his namesake. When most people think of an 'Al,' they imagine Al the Plumber or something like that. Al the Plumber is usually some very nice and hard working, but also overweight, balding, and 50-something. That wasn't this Al. This Al looked Mediterranean -- nice olive complexion, tall, lean, and built like a soccer player in his early 30s. The soccer moms always swooned when they saw him at block parties.

It was mid-afternoon when I knocked on his door. I had just straightened my uniform before I knocked, and as he opened up he smiled and said 'hi, can I help you?' I think I had interrupted him working out back or something; he was sweaty, and while he has his shirt on, it was stuck to him like a wet second skin. His shorts rode low on his hips, and his bare feel were covered in a hint of grass and dirt. With pleasantries out of the way, I went into my sales pitch, telling him I'm from Saint Mary's, yadda yadda, yakka yakka. He invited me in, which is always good -- I've never made a sale on the front porch.

We headed into his living room; it was big and spacious with a couch, love seat, two recliners, and a big flat-screen TV. We sat next to each other on the couch as I got out the brochure and I started showing him all the things we sell. "Need a coaster set? How about a 6" Crucifix for above your fireplace?" He was polite enough, but there was something about him - maybe a smell, a feeling. I could just feel something building on that couch. As time drew on, I found his eyes wandering all over me. Over my face, down my neck, around my breasts, across my back, and down at my ass. I have to admit my eyes were wandering too, across his strong jaw line, over his toned chest, along his narrow waist, and even between his legs.

I think it was about 15 minutes (it could have been 3 minutes or 3 hours, I'm still not sure) when it happened. He leaned over and kissed me, warm, deep, and strong right on the lips. Kissing turned into making out, tongues swirling, passion rising. This was certainly not my first kiss, but this was different; Al had practice, where boys my age didn't. This was a guy whose tongue had spent a good amount of time perfecting its art, and it certainly had my attention. When he slid to my neck I let out a soft groan, feeling him lick and nibble so tenderly. We leaned back on the couch kissing passionately. I felt his hand on my side first, teasing my ribs, feeling his fingers tracing the wide band at the bottom of my bra. I looked into his eyes as his hand slid forward, caressing my big breast in his strong, sensuous hand, the wonderful feelings making my nipples started to grow. He then went to the buttons, opening them slowly, one by one, revealing more and more of my chest to him. He slowly peeled back my shirt, easing it off my shoulders and tossing it into one of the recliners. His shirt quickly followed mine, and I decided my bra was too in the way, and it was time for it to go as well.

Our kissing became more heated once we were both topless, but I was the one to go below the belt first. My hand reached for his pants, cupping the growing bulge there, feeling how hard it was already. Finding his top button, I opened it, followed by the zipper. His hips lifted just barely off the couch with perfect timing, and I slid his shorts and underwear off in quick rhythm. His hands went to my skirt, slipping it off my legs along with my panties. I kicked off my sneakers easily, and reached for my knee socks. Al stopped me though with a devilish look as he said 'Leave them on.' Now as naked as we were going to get, we kissed over and over again, and our hands roamed everywhere. Al's hand teased my tits then slithered lower between my legs. His strong fingers teased my clit ever so gently, making me moan and go from damp to wet. My hand caressed, stroked, and teased his gorgeous cock, making it swell in my hand.

With one swift move, he lifted me straddling his lap, facing him. My hand was still on his cock, pointing it right at my pussy, just an inch away. I slowly lowered myself on it, feeling his thick head spread me -- then move inside. I slowly eased down on it, settling on his lap, his big, bare manhood deep inside me. I slowly started to grind on it, circling my hips, getting used to the girth. His wonderful hands roamed all over me as I slowly started to move up and down on it. Slowly bouncing, feeling him pushing up to meet me. His hands were all over my tits, his lips teasing my hard nipples as I rode him. I got wetter than I ever remember, my juices running down his cock as we fucked on his couch. He dropped a hand from my tits, down my stomach, over my mound, and found my clit. He started rubbing my clit in slow little circles, making me groan and moan even louder and getting me wetter and wetter. His rubbing was making me hotter and wetter and driving me towards that great feeling, that great release of a hard, strong orgasm. His rubbing made me ride him harder and faster while his hips pumped up into me over and over and over again. My head was back, my polite moans replaced by succulent screams as I drew closer. His fingers circled my clit even harder, making my whole body know what was coming. I was bouncing like a cowgirl when I felt it overtake me -- my body tensing, breath haggard, my mouth open in a primal scream as every muscle tightened then released in a hard, screaming orgasm.

As I slowed down from my climax, he eased me off of him and onto the floor on my back. His sweaty face inches from mine, he slipped back inside me easily. His hips started to thrust again, but this time more forcefully. He lifted my legs up, placing my feet on his strong shoulders, my ankles tickling his ears. He moved his feet underneath himself, and wasn't lying on top of me anymore -- he was squatting. I could feel every muscle in his body behind every thrust now as he tried to fuck me right through the floor. I could feel the rug scraping up my lower back, but he felt too good to complain or ask for a pillow. I could feel every ridge, every vein in his cock as he fucked me harder and deeper. This time it was his lust rising, feeling his cock swell and pulse, then hearing him grunt and shudder as he emptied a big load of thick white cum deep inside me.

What a way to end a summer vacation...