 It has been about one year since I realized that I have a serious addiction to gambling. It started so innocently, with the occasional trip to the casino with my husband, Jim. Before long I was slipping out through the day while Jim was at work, occasionally winning but mostly loosing. Jim started to notice the money missing from our saving account and confronted me, we had a big fight over it but I finally admitted everything and promised to break the habit immediately. I did well for quite a while but eventually slipped back into my old ways. I had won a thousand dollars and this allowed me to continue without my husband finding out. It didn't take long for my winnings to be gone and I found myself with four hundred dollars missing from our rent money and it was due in three days. I could not tell Jim, he would be furious so I gathered up some jewellery and headed to the pawn shop in a nearby town.

The man in the pawn shop was a huge, fat man, unshaven and with cigar smelling breath. He examined my jewellery and offered me three hundred dollars for everything. I told him that I needed four hundred and he laughed, saying that three hundred was a generous offer and I would not get any more. He handed me the money. I stood there with my eyes starting to fill with tears. It was at that moment that he told me that I could make another fifty dollars by going into the back room with him. I stormed out of the shop in disgust, as I reached the door he told me to come back if I ever change my mind. 

All the way home I was disgusted with the gross man's proposal but began to realise that desperate times call for desperate measures. That evening, while I sat with my husband, the reality of what I was about to do was making me feel sick. I tossed and turned all night, thinking about that disgusting man. 

The next morning as soon as Jim left for work I headed to the pawn shop. The owner chuckled as I entered and commented that he knew I would be back. He placed the closed sign on the door and led me into a back room, it was cluttered and dirty with a cot in one corner. He instructed me to undress and lay down. I tried to avoid contact with his eyes as I stripped off my clothes and my pride. He pulled me close to him and kissed me while fondling my bare breasts. His tongue felt awful in my mouth and his breath tasted of stale cigars. He moved me back onto the bed and climbed on top of me, fortunately he did not get undressed. His weight was overwhelming as his body fat moulded itself around me, pinning me to the mattress. He had put on a condom while I was undressing and wasted no time getting down to business.

His cock was smaller than I had imagined it would be. He pounded it in and out of me at a steady pace until I felt him tense up as he came in the condom. Thank God it hadn't lasted too long but he did not lift his weight off of me instead he just lay there, sweating. After a few minutes he began slowly pumping and I could feel his cock swelling inside of me. This time he fucked me at a more relaxed pace and for much longer, exploring my body with his hands and kissing my face. When he was finished he climbed off of me, removed his condom, used my blouse to dry his cock handed me my fifty dollars then left the room. I suggested that since he fucked me twice it should be one hundred dollars. He laughed and told me that if I wanted the other fifty to come back tomorrow morning.

I got dressed and hurried out of the pawn shop without even looking at him, knowing all too well that I would be doing this again tomorrow. I drove home pondering the event of this morning. It's not like I was not used to fucking strangers, in high school and college I had done more than my share of sleeping around but this was the first time that I had done it for money. I was home and about to get undressed for a shower when I noticed traces of his cum all over the front of my blouse, glad I didn't stop at the store on the way home. 

That evening I kept reliving today's events in my mind and subconsciously avoided Jim as much as possible. I felt like I had the word "whore" tattooed on my forehead and if I looked at him he would know what I had done.

The next morning I got up with my husband, as soon as he left for work I got dressed and head back to the pawn shop. Things went much the same as yesterday except that this time when he was finished fucking me he sat and talked for a while. I learned that his name was Ray and that this had been his family's business for three generations. I laid there naked as we chatted, there was no need to hide my nudity, Ray had seen and touched every inch of my body. Ray gently stroked my inner thighs as his hand worked it's way slowly up towards my still moist cunt. My body trembled slightly as he gently flicked my swollen clitoris, his fingers spreading the lips of my pussy as he slid two fingers deep inside of me. I squirmed and let out a small moan as he began to fuck me with his fingers. As unattractive as he is he was still hitting all the right spots and really making me horny, I could feel an orgasm building deep within me. Within minutes he had me humping and grinding his finger until I couldn't hold back any longer. My juices were flowing freely over his hand as I reached the apex of my climax. I slumped onto the bed as my orgasm subsided. Ray continued to talk to me all the while. 

He proposed that we form a partnership instead of me doing this when I was desperate he suggested that I do it for extra hidden money instead of build up dept. He said that he knew many men that would be glad to pay me for sex and that I could use his back room. He would clean it up and get a better bed and arrange the appointments, all I had to do was have sex with them. At first I resisted but eventually realised that it did make sense to me. We agreed that I would charge seventy five dollars, fifty for me and twenty five for him. He would also manage the security to keep any dangerous men away. While I got dressed Ray asked me to call him and let him know when I would be available.

My drive home was both exciting and frightening, what if Jim ever found out what I was about to do or what I had already done. Once at home I had a warm bath to relax my nerves and try to remove the dirty feeling that I had for myself. That night I made love to Jim with a renewed passion which I had not felt for many years, I just could get enough of him.

My first day as a prostitute arrived very soon. When I arrived at the pawn shop there were two men in the store, they stopped browsing and stared at me as I entered, then I saw one of them smile at Ray. I made my way to the back room, Ray had cleaned it up and there was a large new bed where the cot had been. I removed my dress and sat on the bed in my bra and panties, awaiting my first customer. The man who had smiled at Ray soon entered, stopping and giving an approving smile as his eyes scanned my almost naked body. As he approached the bed I told him that it would be seventy five dollars and he must wear a condom. He agreed, paid me and began to undress. Once naked he approached the bed, lifted me up, quickly removing my bra and letting it fall to the floor. With one tit in his hand and the other one in his mouth, his free hand pulled down my panties and began exploring my moist pussy. After a few minutes of foreplay he push me back onto the bed, climbed on top, put on a condom and slowly began to insert his hard long cock deep inside of me. He groped my body while he prodded my cunt with his big cock and before long tensed up, he was about to cum. I caressed his balls as they unloaded his juices into the condom. After a few moments of heavy breathing he climbed off of me, removed and dropped the condom, got dressed and exited the room. Within a couple of minutes the next man entered, it was pretty much the same all morning and into the afternoon. By the time I was finished I had been with ten different men and had made five hundred dollars for myself and two hundred and fifty for Ray. I was sore but satisfied with my new income as I hurried home.

My visits to the pawn shop got to be pretty routine, between my job and being a housewife I was kept pretty busy but still managed to find time for my gambling. I was quite confident that Jim knew nothing of my adulterous ways and everything seemed to be going along quite well until that Friday. 

I had become so complacent in my work that the men seemed like faceless creatures, all the same, I didn't even look up when they entered the back room. It was a Friday, early afternoon and I knew that I would have at least a couple more clients for today. The door opened and he entered and paused just inside the closed door. After a few seconds I looked up and my heart dropped. There stood Dave, one of my husband's best friends. 

Dave just stood there, staring at my naked body, I had known him for many years but he was Jim's friend not mine, I didn't like the way that he always looked like he was undressing me every time he looked at me, I guess there is no sense worrying about that any more. I made a futile attempt to cover my breasts and pussy but it was all in vain. Dave approached the bed still with the stupid smile on his face. I was begging him not to tell Jim and he said that we might be able to work out something.

I told Dave that this would cost him seventy five dollars and he must wear a condom, he just laughed and told me that from now on I would fuck him anytime, anyplace for free and that there would be no condoms involved or he could go have a drink with Jim. Tears began to fill my eyes as I realized that I had to do anything that he asked, I had no choice.

Dave positioned me on my knees I knew immediately what he wanted. I wrapped my fingers around his hard cock and kissed the end of it before sliding it into my mouth. His cock was just slightly larger than my husband's, I massaged his solid rod with my moist lips and slid my tongue along the base of it, Dave placed his hands on both sides of my head and drove his cock deep down my throat, I almost gagged. After a few minutes of this, he removed his cock, placed me on the bed and climbed on top of me. His moist cock easily slid inside my wet pussy, he teased me about being a horny slut. Dave began fucking me at a fast steady pace it was obvious that this was all about his pleasure no concern about my needs. He soon tensed up and I felt his cock explode inside of me. Dave just laid on top of me for a few minutes then climbed off, got dressed and clicked a couple of pictures of me on his cell phone and as he headed for the door he told me that he would see me tomorrow, I asked if we could meet somewhere else because it was costing me twenty five dollars to have him fuck me. He said that he would consider it and exited the door. Being fucked by Dave was not an unpleasant experience, I had always considered him to be an attractive man but i was nervous about him telling Jim.

The next day I didn't go to the pawn shop but did get a phone call from Dave, He wanted me to come to his apartment. Upon arrival he had me strip naked while he filmed it on his camcorder, then he made me give him a blow job followed by a fuck then a cleaning of his penis, all on film. Our first few encounters happened at his apartment then he began coming to my house, this scared the hell out of me, the fear of Jim catching us.

On day Dave took me out shopping, he had me buy a few new outfits. The first one was a very short and tight black skirt with a white sheer very daring blouse, to accompany this outfit he picked a pair of white thongs and a pair of four inch high heels, this outfit went well together but made me look like a prostitute, oh that's right, I am one. The next outfit was a cute flowered sun dress, a little loose fitting and much too short, we picked a pair of sandals to go with this dress and Dave instructed me that I was never allowed to wear any underwear with this dress. We picked a couple more outfits all much more sexy and revealing than anything that I would normally wear. 

Dave told me to go into the mall washroom and put on the sun dress and sandals and remember nothing else. He smiled approvingly when I returned it was cute but barely covered my bare ass cheeks. He instructed me to sit on a bench in the main court opposite a bench with two men probably waiting for their wives to finish shopping, knowing quite well that there was no way that I could cover myself with this short dress. I reluctantly did as I was told hoping that the men would leave before I got there but no such luck, they noticed me in my short dress and were treated to a full show as I sat opposite them, my naked pussy exposed to their eager stares. After a few minutes Dave motioned for me to return to him, giving the strangers an even better view as I stood up. They both smiled as I walked by. Dave's next idea was for me to take the escalator to the upper floor and drop my wallet half way up, knowing that to pick it up my bare ass would be totally exposed to anyone behind me. I did as instructed much to the pleasure of the man behind me. Once on the upper floor he had me walk along the glasses edge, revealling myself to anyone who looked up. 

Dave took me to a shoe store, we were greeted by a salesman upon our arrival, he led us to a group of chairs and went to get shoes that Dave had requested. As he returned and sat in front of me he took my right foot, raising it to remove my sandal, his eyes slowly working their way up my long leg until arriving at my naked cunt. He quickly glanced up at Dave to see if he had noticed, Dave just smiled at him. He continued trying the shoes on my feet all the time feasting on the view of my nakedness displayed before his eager eyes, red faced and his hands vibrating as he tried on various pairs of shoes. I wondered if he could see or smell just how wet my cunt was from all of this. After a few minutes of this we got up thanked the salesman and left.

We soon left the mall, once in the car Dave had me give him a blow job our afternoon escapades had made him quite horny. His cock was harder and bigger than usual it took only a few strokes of my lips to drive him over the edge. He moaned as his cock exploded into my throat, I swallowed every drop and continued suck and licking him until he was finish. Dave took me home and had sex with me again before leaving, I had two orgasms while being fucked by Dave, I guess my flashing had turned me on more than I thought. 

That evening after supper Jim told me that we had to go to the mall to pick up a couple of thing that he needed, OMG I hope no one recognizes me. I didn't see anyone from earlier and when we got home Jim and I made love like we hadn't done in a long time. Jim asked me what had gotten into me I couldn't say your best friend so told him it was just that I loved him so much. We made love twice that night.

I still maintained my part time job at the pawn shop but Dave was taking up more and more of my free time, his sexual appetite was getting more daring all the time. He enjoyed showing my naked body off to strangers and having sex in risky places where there was always the risk of getting caught, like the blow job in an elevator, mid afternoon sex in the car in parking lots. One day he even fucked me in the park adjacent to Jim's office window. I had become Dave's sex toy but to be completely honest I was enjoying it too. Dave filmed almost every encounter he was building quite a large porn library with me as the star.

My husband had to go away for a few days on business leaving Thursday and not returning until the following Tuesday Dave knew about this business trip even before I did and informed me that we were going on a little trip of our own. He picked me up and we drove to Erie PA., we went to a beautiful apartment building overlooking the lake.

Upon entering the apartment Dave introduced me to a man name Sam, he was an attractive man in his mid thirties well dressed he suited the apartment. After saying our greetings and shaking hands Sam moved closer to me and kissed me, I was expecting a little friendly peck but instead received an open mouth, tongue exploring kiss. He pulled me in closer and his hand found its way to my breast. I began to pull away but as I glanced at Dave I knew from his look to not resist. Sam began to unbutton my blouse then slid it off my shoulders and handed it to Dave, he instructed me to remove my slacks which I did. Sam placed both hands on my shoulders and applied a little downward pressure guiding me onto my knees in front of him, from this position I knew what was expected of me.

I opened Sams fly and carefully pulled out his erect cock after moistening my lips I slid the head of it into my mouth. Sam moved it in and out of my mouth gradually going a little deeper each time with a slight repositioning of my head and the relaxing of my throat muscles I grabbed his ass cheeks and plunged his cock deep into my throat Sam let out a low moan as his balls rested on my chin. After a few more minutes of sucking his cock I could feel Sam tensing up then the sudden gush of his cum being thrust deep down my throat I had to swallow quickly to keep from chocking. When he was done Sam removed his cock from my mouth and I licked off the final drops of cum before standing up. 

I stood in front of Sam wearing only my matching black lacy bra and panties. Sam reached out and unclasped my bra removed it and handed it to Dave then slowly began pulling down my panties first exposing my ass cheeks then my wet pussy. Sam explored my newly revealed charms as he led me to the bedroom. Once in there he had me help him remove his clothes then he led me to the bed. Lying on my back his hands, mouth and tongue explored my naked body. I felt my body twitch with anticipation as his tongue slid its way up my inner thigh nearing my eager pussy. It slid over the entrance to my love canal tasting my passion juices and quickly found its way to my swollen clit. I trembled as he flicked it with his hot tongue occasional stopping just long enough to insert it into my eager cunt. Sam would bring me to the edge and then sudden stop over and over again then before I had an orgasm he climbed up on top of me and quickly inserted his hard cock into my wet cunt. As he began to fuck me he started massaging my clit with his finger, it didn't take very much of this before I has humping and bucking in orgasmic spasms. He ride was more than Sam could take and he quickly erupted blowing his load of cum into the condom that he was wearing. Once we were both finished Sam straddled me with his drooping cock near my face and removed his condom emptying the contents of it onto my face. I quickly opened my mouth to take as much as possible so that it wouldn't get in my eyes.

I made my way to the shower and rinsed the sweat and cum from my body, dried off and entered the living room Dave and Sam were sitting in front of the television. I walked into the kitchen and was startled by a third man he was getting a beer from the fridge. He smiled and set the beer down on the counter. He turned me around and bent me over the table without saying a word he slipped his cock into my cunt and began fucking me hard. He pinched my tits, slapped my ass and pulled my hair as his cock pounded into my cunt. He wet two of his fingers with my juices then slid them into my ass. I squirmed as he drove them deeper then he removed them and replaced them with the tip of his cock. With a steady forceful pressure his hard cock made its way deeper into my ass. This was not my first time having anal sex but it was my first time today. Once the entire length of his shaft was deep inside of me he began fucking me tugging on my hair to force me to arch my back until he finally deposited a large load of cum deep inside of me. He withdrew his cock wiped it off with a paper towel grabbed his beer and joined the other guys in the living room. 
