 I had moved to Sweden from Norway just over a year ago and my family had settled in nicely. With three kids and a fiancé who travels a lot for his work, I worked as a freelance writer. 

Working from home was a plus when my time was divided between the kids schools, activities, and playdates. Not to mention, my fiancé could work at all hours with me holding down the fort at home.

Making friends was a bit trickier when you don't work outside the home but I was making slow but steady progress. The language wasn't too difficult for me but when Scots moved in four houses away I jumped at the chance to help. 

I met Martha when she was walking around school, trying to find the office and we hit it off. She was starting over after a nasty divorce and her brother had moved with her to help her out with the kids. We are good friends today, our kids even go to school together. But this story isn't about me and Martha. Me and her brother, Ethan on the other hand...

It was just over 90° outside, sunny and beautiful. I was drenched in sweat and feeling so good about my workout, which I had decided to finish inside. At least I dressed light, a sports top with a built-in bra and shorts. My yoga mat was put to good use as I struggled through my last reps of windmills. The ankle weights were killing me on this one, helping my abs staying flat and tight.

Feeling all sorts of hot today, I watched my legs and felt very happy I had decided to get in better shape. They looked fabulous and sexy, even in my own opinion, in their alabaster glory. My breasts pressed against the fabric of my size 36C bra. My arms had gotten slender and toned through winter.

These changes had gone unnoticed by my fiancé, well, all but my perky butt. He went mad for it on the regular. My mind started to think of the things I wanted him to do to me later. 

My doorbell rang and I took off the weights before I answered. I wasn't expecting anyone but I felt sure it was my neighbor and friend Martha. She often popped over for coffee or whatnot. I pushed my red hair away from my face as I approached the door.

I wasn't prepared for her brother, Ethan. Standing some solid 6", with gorgeous, wavy brown hair racing down just passed his shoulders, he was what my wet dreams were made off. His brown eyes regarded me for a moment, with surprise quickly turning to pleasure. He was dressed in a white short-sleeved shirt and light khakis. Which did nothing to hide his strong frame, the man worked out and was a detective. Before that, he'd been in the military. 

"Going after it today, huh?" He said and looked me up and down, just a touch too slow to be joking. When his eyes connected with mine again, I could see smoldering lust there.

"Every day," I smiled and moved backward, offering him to come inside. I wasn't too winded after my workout and all I could think of was the forming bulge in his pants. 

He stepped inside and I closed the door behind him. When I drew even with him again, I couldn't ignore how wet and excited I was getting. My chest was rising up and down as I tried to control my breathing and he noticed, swallowing hard.

"So, what can I do for you?" My voice was more suggestive than I had intended and I kept steady eye contact. We had always been nice to each other but I'd never allowed myself to flirt with him. Or any other man for that matter. But the way he was looking at me right then, I don't know, made me feel very, very hot. I didn't think I had it in me but, what if I did? We were alone and no one would think it odd he was here.

"I...aaaah," He stumbled over his words, torn between my face and my body, "I wondered if you'd like to have... Fuck, you are beautiful... so sexy." The last part he muttered as I moved closer to him and his arms circled my waist. My heart was hammering in my chest as I tilted my head upwards. 

He didn't waste time, he kissed me fiercely. Letting me feel his Scotish male nature as he maneuvered us over to my kitchen table and proceeded to crush my body to his. Fuck, he was rock hard in those khakis, and everywhere else. I unbuttoned his shirt and my hands were met with bare skin, chest hair and muscle. 

Something in me responded to him as a male. Strong, sexy, determined and dominant. He made quick work of my sports top and freed my breasts to caress them. He pushed me down on the table and caressed my tits and sucked on my nipples. Arching my back upwards, I felt worshiped as his hands traveled towards my short. I couldn't reach his pants from where I was but as he cupped my ass and pressed his erection against my crotch, I forgot all about it. I wanted him. So. Bad.

His mouth returned to mine and I ran my hands over his back and snaked them in front of his pants, undoing the button and zipper. I lifted myself up a little more to give myself better access and slipped my hand under his pants while the other pulled them down. I felt his throbbing member through his boxers and I moaned. He was a big and strong as the rest of him. I couldn't wait much longer. He wasn't about to let me off the table so I raised myself into a sitting position and pulled off his underwear. 

"Oh, yeah," He moaned against my mouth as I took him in my hand and stroked him up and down, my hand just managing to circle him. He moaned and greedily kissed and nibbled my neck. His hand found it's way into my shorts and I felt him caress my curls before diving between my folds and into the awaiting wetness. I moaned along with him as he found and rubbed my clit demandingly. He sighed happily as he felt how hot and wet I was for him. He pushed my shorts aside with his free hand and pushed his cock towards my aching pussy. I let him go and felt his head pressing against me. I pushed back and his lips took mine in a fevered kiss as he buried himself inside of me. 

"Fuuuuuck yeah," he moaned as he filled me. I wrapped my legs around his back and pushed against him as far as I could. Mmmmm, I love a big cock. 

Releasing him as he started to move in and out of me, I glanced down to watch his length come and go, rubbing against my clit just right as he did. Running my hands over his shapely chest, I couldn't believe how close I was already, pushing and thrusting as I could against him. He thrust into me, ruthless, as I begged him to fuck me, moaning in his ear repeatedly. He felt so fucking good and he made me feel gorgeous. 

I was holding on to him for dear life as he fucked me into oblivion.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," He was moaning against my neck as I licked his and felt him lose his rhythm and start to pump furiously. I reached between us and rubbed my clit. I couldn't help my cries of pleasure as I came, my pussy contracting and squeezing him. He thrust inside me once, twice and heat spread inside of me, making me press myself against him and rubbing myself to the edge of another orgasm. He kissed me furiously and kept himself inside of me as he grew softer. I hit my second orgasm and grunted into his grinning mouth. I twitched as wave after wave hit me, making me writhe against him.

I started to come down and he toyed with my neck, making me giggle and squirm. Ethan chuckled and I looked up at him. He was regaining his breath but didn't have a trace of regret on his face.

Now we were both sweaty and panting. I took deep breaths of his male scent. He smelled clean, healthy and sexy. He leaned his forehead onto me and smirked, sending sparks of desire through me.

Having dinner with my family this evening at this table would be interesting, to say nothing about my fiancé of 10 years. I had never been unfaithful.

"I meant to ask if you wanted to join me for lunch," He said between breaths, "But I like this better." He took my head in his hands and just looked at me. 

This is how my affair began.