 I would like to thank darkangel718310 & Annieandy. They were great editors. Any errors are my fault. I went back and had a nerdgasm over certain paragraphs after they were edited. There is a lot of detail and it takes time to get to the sex. There will be mistakes feel free to help me improve, by telling me what can be fixed. 

------------------

It's now three years after Mathew was surprisingly elected to the U.S Senate.

----

It was an early morning in London, England, in the basement of the US Embassy. Sarah Harris sat outside the office of Section Chief Henry Reinhold. 

After ten minutes of silence, the secretary's phone rang and Sarah was waved in. She tried her best to steady herself as her stomach became upset. 

"Sarah, thanks for meeting with me so quickly. Take a seat," Reinhold said as Sarah mapped out the room with her photographic memory. She'd been assigned to the London desk for a year now and had never seen his office. Truth be told, she was rarely ever in headquarters. It was rumored she had an office and a desk somewhere in here.

"How are you Sarah?" Reinhold asked as he peered into a classified binder.

Sarah didn't have time to respond before Reinhold asked her another question.

"The Russian died under your watch, is this correct?"

"It was complicated. He got off the plane clearly poisoned; it was out of our hands." Sarah tried to explain as she began to feel more discomfort.

"This isn't a physiatrist's office. I want yes or no answers to yes or no questions! Do you understand?"

"Yes sir. Yes, he died on my watch." Sarah said as she thought simple answers really don't go hand in hand with intelligence gathering.

"Were you able to extract intelligence?" Reinhold asked.

"Yes and no." Sarah said griping her stomach.

"Which is it? Do you have the memory stick or not?" Reinhold asked unrelentingly.

"I swallowed it." Sarah said, as for the first time Reinhold began to smile. 

He looked at the petite twenty-nine-year-old with her cute, angelically soft features; he never expected that from somebody appearing so delicate. "I understand the FSB and her majesty's finest were closing in on your location, quick thinking.... You've surprised me. That doesn't happen often. You've done great work here over the past year, and everywhere else you've been assigned. Ms. Harris, after your mission is over you're to report to the directorate for Clandestine operations at Langley."

"I don't understand?" 

"You're being promoted, Ms. Harris."

"I understand that sir, but you said when my mission is over?"

"When I get my memory stick back," Reinhold said pulling out some prune juice, "You're in luck I have this, British food has never agreed with me," he said cracking a smile.

Three days later, Sarah was in Washington DC. 

It wasn't the promotion she'd expected. No title or desk in Langley, at least she got to be close to her family. Sarah was tasked with gathering Intel on a Pakistani Restaurant in DC. German Israeli and Signals Intelligence had picked up chatter that led to the restaurant. 

Sarah opened up a bookstore directly across the street from the restaurant. She was alone all day, no customers either, as she translated Punjabi and other Pakistani dialects alone, but there was really little to do. This had been going on for weeks now.  

Sarah was in her apartment in a DC suburb when she just had an urge to go out. She hadn't done that in a while. Pretty much for the last year, she hadn't gone out at all. She called up her sister, her girlfriends, everybody; they were all busy. 

Sarah jumped in a taxi and headed for McKay's tavern. She was dressed in her gladiator pumps, and her tightly wrapped black dress with strategic cuts to showcase her perky breasts. Within seconds of being in the bar and sitting at the counter, there were tons of eyes in her direction both opposite and same sex. 

Sarah was the topic of discussion at the table in the far corner, of the bar. Her golden brown hair illuminating under the specific spot she chose. "You're a pussy if you don't go over there." Erick said tauntingly. 

"Erick fuck you, I need to head home early for tomorrow, I have the select committee on intelligence, and I have to be sharper than sharp for that." Mathew stated pointedly.

"Thank god I'm just the Chief of Staff." Erick said as he finished the rest of his beer. "You know a typical Chief of Staff is in the office before his or her Senator right?" Mathew stated, looking down from his glasses authoritatively. 

"The typical Chief of Staff is smarter than his boss, but you fucking shit PhD's so here we are, you know if you don't go after black dress girl I will." Erick said, baiting Mathew.

"What would Stacey think about that?" Mathew asked.

"My wife likes to see her man happy." Erick said, laughing, knowing she'd cut his cock clean off if he ever cheated on her, and even though he joked he would never do that, she was the only woman for him. 

As they argued, a blond haired twenty- something guy began to hit on Sarah or 'the girl in black' as she'd been dubbed. "Well look there, you lost your chance." Said Erick, but as he said that, the blonde eye-candy overstepped his bound as he began to grope Sarah. 

Sarah was now visibly sparring with Blondie, and Mathew was on his feet right away. "Is everything okay here?" Mathew asked as he arrived.

"Yup he was just leaving." Sarah affirmed.

Erick was headed over as Blondie decided against doing anything else and left. "I'm leaving, okay." Blondie said, leaving, averting disaster. 

"Sorry about that guy." said Mathew to the girl in black, as he began to return back to his table. In reality, Sarah could have handled Blondie herself, but tonight was meant to be different.

"Are you going to make me ask you to stay?" Sarah asked, surprising and prodding her rescuer. 

"No. Of course not, Sorry, I should've been the one to ask." Mathew said apologetically, brought on by his mild surprise. 

Mathew sat down and ordered a drink for himself and another for the lady in black.

"I saw you when I came in and I know you've been watching me. Were you and your friend flipping a coin on who would come over?" Sarah asked bluntly.

Mathew choked a little on his drink. "No, my friend is married and I was humbled by your... by you."

Sarah blushed; smiling at what she had been trained to know was sincerity.

"Right there, that's what I'm talking about; your smile, it's beautiful." Sarah's pearly white smile, cute face, and petite body weren't cute or hot, she was just something else. It was cute and hot amplified, meaning out of his league. 

"My name is Sarah," she said, extending her hand.

"I'm Mathew, Mathew Moore," he stated, his hand engulfing hers.

They had been talking for more than an hour when Mathew realized that Erick had left.

"Do you want to go...?" Mathew asked about a half hour later.

"Let's get out of here," Sarah responded before Mathew was finished asking his question.

"I was going to ask if you wanted to go to the zoo." Mathew said jokingly "I'm kidding" he said, looking down at her blue eyes as they ventured outside for a cab.

The pair made it to Mathew's apartment with their tongues entwined as he propped her smaller frame up onto the kitchen counter. As they continued kissing, she began unbuttoning his shirt.

Her legs wrapped around his waist as they kissed deeply, Mathew taking in her alluring scent as he began moving them to his living room. He gently dropped her into his chair as she giggled.

Her smile could bright up a coliseum; it made Mathew want to lunge at her and rip off her dress. He had other plans though. 

He shifted his lengthy body below her waist. "What are you doing?" she asked as he simply said "Shh, it's okay."

She didn't challenge him, she simply rested her head back she trusted him. She considered herself a good judge of character; it's what kept her alive in the field. He lifted up her short black dress. She helped him removing her dress, completely revealing a padded blue lace bra.

Next, he pulled down her blue lace panties, dropping his head to her keenly trimmed vagina. He wasted no time as his hands firmly held her legs apart as his tongue discovered the exterior of her tight entryway.

Mathew's tongue ventured into the wetness that was her beautiful, trimmed pussy, nearing her clitoris as he was encouraged to go further by her hands which were applied to his head. Sarah's teeth were biting at her bottom lip as she released her hands reluctantly.

Mathew moved his fingers to her vagina as he worked her now extremely wet box in and out with two fingers. Upon being guided to her clit, his tongue kept up the suction liking it. She released her lungs into the room with orgasmic urgency. She screamed uncontrollably from both ends of her body as her nails bore into Mathew's neck. "Mmmmhh mmmmh," she said, shuttering. 

In one swift movement, Mathew had his pants off as he climbed on top of Sarah. They began to feast on each other's tongues. Sarah unhooked her bra revealing beautifully B cups, proportionate to her small size. 

Dropping her hands, her eyes popped a little as she found Mathews long rigid cock. She freed it from the constraints of his boxers. Just then Mathew scooped her up both of them now completely naked.

Seconds later, Mathew rested Sarah on his bed as he found a condom. Just then, Sarah had a second sober thought. She had ventured out tonight wanting someone she could forget. Sarah realized she liked Mathew and rather not have him think of her like how guys think of one night stands. This was difficult for her as well; she hadn't been pleasured like tonight for a while due to her hectic job. 

"Alm I think we should slow down..." Sarah stated.

"Yes I found one." Mathew said in victory, holding up the condom as he looked at the beauty he hoped to be inside of in seconds. He hadn't heard what she had just said though, as she spoke again. "I am so sorry," Sarah said with saddened eyes.

A sad look washed over Mathew's face, she didn't need to say anymore, as he realized she didn't want to go through with it.

"I can give you a hand if you want or do you want me to go, I mean it's not you it's just that I've realized I need to...?"

Mathew cheered up saying, "Stay I'm never going to force you to do anything you don't want to; hopefully we'll get to it later?" 

Sarah smiled at his alluding to the future. Sarah simply replied "yes," to his hidden question. 

Moments later Mathew's long thick cock was exploding at the soft delicate touch of Sarah. She looked on at his impressive length and thickness, her small hands gripping the rigid pole. She hoped for a next time. She held him close and he, her. 

Sarah fell asleep cuddling in Mathew's protective embrace. For the first time in a year, she slept worriless. Tomorrow would be a brighter day. However, the two slept completely unaware of the trouble their potential relationship might cause them.