 Hi. My name is Mark. I am a disabled man in my early thirties. This is the story of my disability, and the special lady that comes every day to help me take care of myself. I hope you enjoy it.

I was born with a birth defect called Spina Bifida. To put it simply as I can, the nerves going from the spine to my legs did not completely form thus causing paralysis from my waist down. I use a wheelchair to get around. Life for me is pretty good but I have difficulty meeting women for a relationship beyond friendship. 

Every morning, My attendant Debbie comes over to cook for me, make the bed, and basically just make sure I am all right. I look forward to her visits very much. She has really been there for me.

Let me tell you a little more about her. Debbie has the deepest blue eyes I have ever seen. She has chestnut brown hair that flows halfway down her back. She also has a body that would make Carmen Electra jealous. She always wears these T-shirts that show off her enormous breasts and the tightest jeans that highlight her perfect ass and killer legs. 

One particularly hot summer day I was feeling rather depressed and lonely. I felt like my life was passing me by. I had never known what it was like to kiss a woman, much less make love with her. I was so lost in thought and my depression; I didn’t even hear Debbie come into the house.

“Hi Mark.” She said.

Jarred out of my funk I finally answer. “Oh, Hi Deb.”

“Hey, you okay?” she asks, ruffling my long hair.

“Uhh yeah, I guess so.”

“You’re bothered about something I can tell.” She says.

“It’s nothing, really.”

“Come on, talk to me.” She urges.

“It’s kinda personal.” I confess.

“Come on. I have seen you naked. There’s obviously no secrets between us.”

I start to blush when she says the word naked. “Yeah I guess there are no secrets between us. Maybe it would help if I got this off my chest.”

Debbie puts her purse on my desk and sits on my bed next to me. “Go ahead Mark, tell me.” 

“OK. It’s like this. I feel a certain way all the time.”

“What way?” she asks.

“I’m embarrassed to say it.”

“Tell me. I won’t think badly of you if that’s what you’re worried about.”

“I feel horny all the time.” I start to blush and look away from Debbie.

Debbie grabs my chin so she can look me square in the eye. “That’s all perfectly normal. You have needs too you know.”

“There’s another thing I am embarrassed to say that too.”

“Just say it.”

“OK. I jerk off a lot.”

“That’s normal too. Everyone does or has done that.”

“Really?” I ask.

“Yes, really.”

“Deb, do you?”

“Yes I do.”

“Debbie, can I ask a favor of you? You’re probably going to say no and I would totally understand if you did.”

“Mark, quit stalling around and spill it.”

“OK, here goes. Debbie, would you help me become a man?”

Debbie sits in silence for a few minutes taking in what she had just heard.

“I knew you wouldn’t like my idea. I’m sorry Deb.”

“That’s not it, Mark. I was just shocked when you said it.”

“So, will you help me?”

“Can I think about it for a while, Mark?”

“Sure Deb, take all the time you need. And if you don’t want to do this I fully understand.”

“You’re a sweetie, you know that Mark?”

“If you say so, Deb.”

“I’d better get your dinner for you. Debbie said as she stood up and left the room.

Two days later, Debbie came back to check on her favorite patient.

“Hi, Mark. Feeling any better today?”

“Yeah, I think so.”

“Good. That’s what I like to see.”

“Debbie, have you given any thought to my idea?”

“Yes Mark I have.”

“And?” Mark asks.

“I’ve decided to do it. It would be my pleasure to help you become a man.”

All of a sudden I get a big smile on my face. “When can we do it?”

“Easy there, Tiger.” She says. “How about after I make you dinner?”

“Excellent.” I say. “Thank you Debbie.”

“Any time, hon.” Debbie leans down and kisses my cheek then leaves the room to start dinner. Approximately forty-five minutes later Debbie comes back to my room with a burger and some chips on a plate. “Eat up.” She says. “I want my man to have all his strength for dessert.”

I smile at the thought of dessert. “Mmm can’t wait.”

While I eat, Debbie is in another part of the house. I finish eating and set the plate on the nightstand. I start to doze off when I hear a knock at my bedroom door.

“Come on in, Debbie.”

Debbie opens the door and stands just inside the doorway. She is wearing a red, lace teddy with matching panties, garter belt and stockings. I feel my mouth go dry and my jaw drops at this magnificent sight I have only envisioned in my dreams.

“Holy Shit, Deb. I mean WOW!”

“I take it you approve?” she asks. 

“Oh yeah, I totally approve.”

I watch as Debbie seductively walks over and sits down on my bed. She leans in close and kisses me softly on the lips. I slowly kiss her back. “How do you like that so far, Mark?” she asks.

“I like that.” I answer.

“Oh, we’re just getting started. Lots more surprises in store for you.”

“I hope so.”

She throws me back down on the bed and we start kissing again. This time, Debbie parts my lips with her tongue and sticks it into my mouth. I stick mine into her mouth and soon our tongues are intertwined and exploring. Debbie lets out a soft moan and I can feel her nipples becoming hard against my chest.

Then Debbie helps me sit back up and takes off my shirt. “My! What a nice hairy chest you have!” she says, as she runs her hand through it and gives my nipples a playful nibble.

I reach over and start to squeeze her perfect breasts through the teddy. She lets out a soft moan.

“Am I doing it right Debbie?”

“Oh yes Mark, Just perfect.”

Debbie then reaches up and hooks her thumbs into the straps of her teddy and finally her amazing breasts are revealed to me. I stare at them in complete amazement.

“Do you like what you see Mark?”

“Oh yes.”

“Go ahead, touch them.” She urges.

I take one in each hand and give them a gentle squeeze. Debbie moans again and shows me how to roll her nipples in my fingers. They are sticking out like two pencil erasers. 

“Please Mark, suck them.”

I take her left breast in my mouth and suck her nipple then I do the same with the other one. Her body has just the slightest hint of perfume and the smell of it drives my wild. I bury my face in her D cups.

“You smell so good Deb.”

“Thank you.”

Debbie then stands up and unhooks her garter belt from her stocking. She lifts her leg in front of me and I lower her stockings one by one. Then she removes her teddy. All she is wearing now is her lace panties. I see the outline of her shaved pussy in them.

Debbie takes my hand and guides it to her panties. “Here, feel this.” She says as she takes my hand and puts it on her panty crotch. “Move your hand back and forth.” She instructs. I do as told and soon her panties become damp. By now my cock is incredibly hard and Debbie notices.

“What do we have here?” Debbie asks tracing the outline of my cock in my sweats with a finger. “Is that big thing for me?”

“Its all for you.” I tease.

“It looks very uncomfortable cooped up in there. How about we let him come out to play?” Debbie asks.

“I was hoping you would say that, Deb.”

Debbie lowers my sweats and shorts at the same time and throws them on the floor. My seven and a half inch cock springs out and up. Debbie looks at it and her eyes get really wide. “What a monster cock you have!” she squeals.

Then she kneels in front of me and takes my cock in her hand. She almost can’t get her hand to close around it. Debbie takes the tip of my cock and gives it tiny kisses and licks all around the hole. She nibbles it gently. These new sensations sending waves of pleasure through my body. Then she licks down the shaft and back up then takes it into her mouth. With her other free hand she takes mine and guides it to her panties which are now pushed to the side and her beautiful bare pussy is exposed to me. I start playing with her pussy lips and I find her clit. It is very hard. Her pussy is soaking wet. The whole time she is sucking my cock with ferocity. As she sucks me I slip a finger inside her sopping wet hole. Then I work another in, then another. Soon she is riding my hand and her pussy juices are gushing down my wrist.

After a few minutes of this she gets up, straddles me and takes my cock in her one hand, spreads her pussy lips with the other and guides my cock inside her. It feels wonderful. Nice, tight and wet. I can feel her pussy muscles gripping my cock as she bounces up and down on it.

“OH! Mark I love your cock! It’s filling me up so good!” She screams as she pistons up and down on it. “Give me your fucking cock!”

I squeeze her tits as we fuck and this seems to drive her even more wild. Occasionally, I suck on her nipple as she rides me. I am in absolute heaven!

I can feel her pussy contract with each wave of orgasms. Each one getting stronger than the previous one. “FUCK ME MARK!”  She hollers.

“Oh shit, Deb! I’m gonna cum! Should I pull out?”

“NO! I want you to cum inside me! Don’t pull out!”

After several more minutes of frenzied fucking I can’t hold back anymore. Years of pent up sexual frustration surging through my body. A massive wave of cum rises from my aching balls, out of my cock head and deep inside Debbie’s pussy.

Debbie starts to scream and thrash around. She digs her nails into my chest as an intense orgasm rips through her body. After we cum together, Debbie climbs off me and lays down, totally spent. And so am I!

THE END