 A round of thank yous to everyone that has enjoyed voted positively for and added encouraging comments and suggestions to the previous chapters. A few of you have some great ideas and helped push me to continue. Thank you. 

This chapter marks the beginning of the next phase of the story. We're leaving Donnie behind for now to focus on his cousin Cassandra. If you haven't read the previous stories worry not, you can begin here. Though I will give you a small push to read the others. It won't hurt. I know you'll like them. 

Enjoy. 

Remember: All characters are over 18. 

*****

It was the end of the semester at State and finals were finally over. For Cassandra Reynolds, the end couldn't have come quicker; she was itching to get back home to see her family and friends. 

The ink on her last exam had barely begun to dry as Cassandra packed her bags for the trip back home. 

"Holy crap, you pack fast," said, Sakura Riggs, Cassandra's roommate, when she walked in the door. "You just left class less than an hour ago and you're already ready to zoom out the door." 

"It's a long drive, Saki," Cassandra said. She jumped on the top of her suitcase, packing the contents tighter so she could zip up the side. "I want to hit the road before everyone else so I don't get stuck in traffic." 

"Puh-lease," Saki said, rolling her eyes. "You just want to get out of here so you can go fuck that boyfriend you have waiting for you back home." 

Cassie stopped. Looking over her shoulder, she gave her friend a weak smile. "Guilty." 

Saki stepped behind her and hugged her tight. 

"I'm going to miss you," she said, running her hands under Cassie's shirt. "I'm going to miss your skin." She cupped her breasts. "Your tits." Finally she kissed her neck. "And your taste." 

Cassie could feel herself start to melt in her friend's arms. 

They had lived together all year and hopefully would do so next year too. When they had met, it was the normal awkward few days while they got to know each other. Then the found common ground when Sakura revealed her father was in the Navy and was never home; Cassandra shared that her dad had left when she was young and barely knew him. 

The shared lack of a father figure had left a hole in each girl's life, but a bond between the two grew. 

Sakura's dad had met her mom overseas when he was stationed in Japan. Being half-Japanese, half-Caucasian, gave her an exotic look that the boys on campus loved. 

She loved the attention too. Saki, as everyone called, her used her looks and wit to her advantage. She had studied ballet under the watchful eye of her domineering mother most her life and was more than eager to let her wild side out when she got to school. 

Cassandra Reynolds's rearing was a little different than her friend's. Her mom, Jill, was more of a free spirit, which left her daughter more uptight. Her experience at school also couldn't have been more different than her wild friend. 

She was trying hard to keep up a long-distance relationship back home, but video chats and sexting could only go so far. She could feel the itch for a good fuck whenever Saki brought over a boy. 

She'd give her friend the privacy she needed, though Saki more often than not invited her to join in, and would hang out in their shower room, masturbating furiously while her listening to her friend's moans. 

After a while, Saki talked her way into Cassie's bed. The two became lovers. And for Cassandra, it was enough to scratch her itch when she needed it. But sometimes she really just wanted some cock. 

Except for her roommate of course. But that didn't count. 

"I can't," Cassie said, breaking away from Saki's probing fingers. "I've got to hit road." 

"You're not going anywhere," Saki sighed. She flipped back the curtains on their window and pointed to the road. "Look." 

Cassie looked out and saw there was a line of cars from the university square to past the entrance's iron gates that snaked it's way further down the bar row beyond the horizon. It was already bumper-to-bumper and it didn't look like it was going to get any better anytime soon. 

"See. But if you want to go out there and sit in your car all day, then be my guest," Saki said, stepping away from the window. "Or you can stay one more night and we can have some fun." She moved towards the door to their shared shower room, stripping off her clothes. 

Cassandra looked at the line of cars and gave up. "Fine," she said. "One more night won't kill me. I've waited this long." 

She turned away from the window, towards Saki. The half-Asian girl was standing naked in front of their mirror. Saki was pulling her raven hair up into a bun to keep it dry in the shower. 

"Awesome. Because there's a final party tonight and I didn't want to go alone." 

Cassandra watched Saki tie her hair up. Her friend's pale skin and lithe body was always gorgeous to her. She had never even thought she could be with a woman until she was with her. Now, she didn't know if she ever wanted to quit. 

"Go pick out something to wear," Saki said stepping towards the door. "Something sexy too. I don't want to go to a summer party with someone wearing corduroy and a sweater." With a laugh she turned left. 

Cassandra heard the shower start. With a shake of her head she pulled out her suitcase and started looking for "something sexy." 

She's right, she thought as she rummaged through the clothes. It is all corduroy and sweaters. When did I become the old maid? Yeesh. 

Giving up, she zipped the luggage back up. Pursing her lips, Cassie turned to Saki's closet and began picking through her "slutty" outfits. 

She pulled out a purple sequined open backed top and a tight black skirt that would show off her legs. 

Laying them on her bed, she pulled off her shirt and pants. Looking back at the full-length mirror, Cassie examined her body. Though she wasn't as graceful as her friend — years of ballet will do that to a body — she supple in all the right places. She was blessed with an hourglass figure similar to her mother, wide hips with a good pair of firm breasts. Her hair was brown with streaks of yellow, a mixture from her mom and dad. And her eyes were light, a pale blue that stood out from under her dark hair. 

The boys on campus ogled her and made advances, despite her frumpy attire. It was her own set of rules that kept her from enjoying their company. 

She removed her panties and bra. Turning around she inspected her rear. Years of swimming in her backyard pool had made her legs toned and her ass tight. 

"Yowzers," Saki said, breaking the silence. "I'm jealous of whomever gets that for Christmas." 

"Oh, shut up," Cassie said, moving past her towards the shower. "I borrowed some of your clothes for the party." 

"Good because whatever you had pulled out from yours, I was going to throw away. Now hurry up," she said giving Cassie a small slap on her ass. 

A few hours later, the party was in full effect. The two girls had come upon the frat house of one of the quieter fraternities. The group did make a lot of noise during the school year but always threw the biggest opening and closing celebrations. 

Now, the two floors of the house were filled with people dancing and drinking the night away. 

When they walked through the door, Saki made a beeline for the bar, grabbing them drinks. 

Dressed in Saki's sequined shirt, Cassie could feel everyone leering at her. Dressed as she was, the outfit showing off her curves, her skin flushed. She was surprised to find she was getting turned on from turning heads. Her head was getting light headed from the drinks and rush of hormones. 

Need some air, she pushed her way through and made her way to a quiet, upstairs balcony. Stepping outside, she took a deep breath of the cool night air. 

"Nice night," a man's voice said beside her. 

Shocked, Cassandra jumped at the sound of his voice. "Jesus. Are you just waiting in the shadows to scare someone to death?" 

"Well, not to death," he said with a smile. "Too much paperwork afterwards." 

"God, that's horrible," she laughed. 

"Yeah, but it made you smile so it wasn't all that bad. I'm Nick." 

"Cassandra. Cassie." 

He stepped forward, out of the shadows, extending his hand. 

She took it. Seeing him for the first time, she was impressed with his rugged features. Thin stubble of hair on his chin, outlined his jaw. His eyes were a piercing blue. 

He stepped closer to her and she could smell his cologne. 

Nick held her eyes as he brought her hand to his lips and kissed it. 

"Does that actually work?" she said when he lowered her hand back down. 

"Kissing a hand? Not necessarily but it was the nice thing to do," he said, cracking a smile. "Are you going to berate me for being nice? Because that's not very nice." 

She rolled her eyes. "Are you going to use 'nice' in every sentence?" 

"That wouldn't be nice but it could be nice on such a nice night, yes?" 

"Jesus stop," she said laughing. 

He stepped to her side and leaned against the balcony railing. "Party too much for you?" 

Cassie turned and leaned against the rail as well. "Yeah. Not much of a party girl. There are too many people down there." 

"I hear you. But the guys insist we have an end of the year bash," Nick said. "Every year I get out voted." 

"You're part of this frat?" 

"Yep. One of four." 

"That's a small group." 

He cracked a smile. "We make up for it with our exclusivity. It keeps us mysterious, you know?" 

"Yeah. I know," she said, pulling a piece of hair away from her face. 

"You're not here alone are you?" 

"I came with my girlfriend. You?" 

"I'm here with the guys. So, you could say I'm alone." 

"Two lonely people out on a balcony." 

He looked at Cassie. His eyes took in the curve of her nose, the plump of her lips and the way her hair caught the breeze. 

She smiled at him. 

He kissed her. 

Cassie didn't stop him. Maybe it was the alcohol. Maybe it was from being alone for so long. It didn't matter. When he opened his mouth and poked his tongue against her lips she let him in and welcomed the intrusion. A long-neglected fire began to smolder. 

She broke away quickly. "I have a boyfriend." 

"Is he here?" 

"Does that matter?" she said, backing away. 

"It depends. If he's here I'll leave you alone but if he isn't, I'll ask: How long has it been since he was with you?" Nick asked, moving closer to her. He trailed his fingers across the back of her arm. "From the fire I can feel in your kiss it's been a long time." 

Cassie shivered at his touch and looked him in the eyes. "Too long," she said, biting her lip. 

"That's a shame. A girl with curves like yours needs to show them off." 

"Real smooth," she said, rolling her eyes. 

Nick shrugged. "Yeah, I'm a real Casanova," he chuckled. "But don't tell me you haven't wanted, needed, a good fuck during the school year. No woman should be so neglected." 

Neglected? Is that what has happened to me? There were times when her man could've come up but didn't. Cassie had brushed off with a few glasses of wine and night of talking to Saki — which usually ended up with Saki between her legs, helping her forget. 

Cassie's face betrayed her thoughts. Nick watched her and gave her a knowing half-smile. He touched her face and slowing stroked from her forehead to her chin. 

She shivered at his touch knowing where it was going. But she didn't care. 

He cupped her chin and pulled her forward slightly. 

They both leaned in. Their mouths danced against each other. Cassie hungered with need. 

Nick moved his hand behind Cassie's head and pulled her in deeper. With his other hand he placed it against the small of her back and ground her hips against his pelvis. 

Cassie moaned, feeling his swelling cock. 

She reached down and grabbed his thick shaft. It hand been too long. Her hand held the cloth covered organ and squeezed. 

"Mmmmm. That's quite a piece of meat," she said, breaking away. 

"It's better on the outside too." 

She playfully nipped at his lips as she ran her fingers up and down the length of his cock. 

Not wanting to be left out, Nick reached under her shirt and gently pawed at her breasts. He tweaked her nipples and the sharp, but welcome, pain forced her to moan again and squeeze his cock harder. 

"You want to get out of here?" he asked. 

She nodded as she tried to pull his zipper down. 

"My frat house isn't far from here." 

Cassie stepped away. Even though she hadn't fucked anyone all year, she had heard plenty of stories from Saki and was in no hurry to get marked with a walk of shame title. She wasn't totally overcome with lust. "Let's go to my place. My roommate's out for the night, so it can be just you and me." 

"You won't hear me arguing," Nick said with a smile. 

He quickly pulled her back into him and kissed her deeply. 

Back as Cassie's room, the two lovers pushed open the door with a bang. Lust fueled their movements, hurrying them through the door. 

Cassis pushed Nick onto the bed so he was sitting on the edge. With a wicked smile, she knelt in front of him and kissed his cock through his pants. 

She pulled his belt loose, undid the button on his pants and slowly pulled his zipper down. Reaching in, Cassie gripped Nick's hard cock and pulled it out. 

"Fuck, it's big," she breathed. 

"Thanks." 

She looked into his eyes and gave the cockhead a gentle kiss. "I'm a little out of practice," she said. 

"You'll do fine." 

With that little bit of encouragement Cassie slowly engulfed his cock. Her lips stretched over and around the shaft. Her tongue swirled around his swollen glans, making him moan. The thickness of his cock was a little too much and her teeth scraped against the sensitive skin. 

"Gah," he cried. "Careful down there." 

"Sorry," she said, plopping it out of her mouth. With another smile she went back to work. 

She had forgotten how much she enjoyed sucking dick. The feeling of power as Nick squirmed from the pleasure she was giving him turned her own, encouraging her to go faster and faster. 

"Fuck!" Nick cried, grabbing her hair, guiding her up and down. "I can't believe you've been out of service for a year." 

"I'll take that as a compliment," Cassie said, standing up. "Your turn." 

"Gladly." Nick grabbed her by the waistline of her skirt and yanked it and her panties down to her ankles. 

Cassie squealed from the quick movement and fell against him. 

Nick flipped her over onto her back, legs lying over the edge of the bed, too. He placed both legs over her shoulders, opening her waiting pussy for him. 

"One good turn deserves another." He dove in gently licking her outer lips, warming her up for his attack. 

She grabbed the back of his head, trying to both pull him in and push him away. His tongue's movement was fast and rough compared to Saki's slow, gentle movements. Saki had been fueled by knowing what a woman liked, Nick was spurred on by raw, instinct and need. 

He slithered his tongue into her wet slit, dancing it back and forth, in and out. 

Cassie screamed when he found her clit. "Oh, God! Please be gentle!" 

He ignored her. Her body betrayed her words. He'd been with enough women to know she could take it and that she wanted it. 

Nick used his mouth to create suction around her clit. He moved his tongue back and forth, up and down the fleshy nub, and put two fingers into her wet sex. 

"Oh, oh, yes. Right there. Don't stop!" She squeezed her thighs around his head, trapping him against her. 

He didn't. He picked up the pace, pushing her over the edge. He could feel her clit swelling, hardening with her impending orgasm. 

The shock of her orgasm hit her like a wash of cold water. Her senses overloaded and went numb. What Nick was doing to her was completely different than what Cassie or her man had done to her. It was rough and raw, unbridled, wild. 

Something inside her woke up. The smoldering fire was now raging, burning away everything that had held her back. It was a fire that would never die. 

Nick broke away from her squeeze and wiped his juicy lips. He stood up and watched her twitch from the orgasm. 

Cassie slowly came back and gazed at him with half-lidded eyes. She smiled and bit her lower lip. "What's next?" she said as she leaned up on her elbows. 

"Next? Next is the main event." 

"I hope so." 

Cassie rubbed her foot against Nick's exposed cock. Feeling it's heat and hardness excited her more. 

He removed his shirt and kicked his pants to a corner of the room. 

She drank in his body. He was muscled from with well-defined chest and shoulders. The only mar on his body was a tattoo of a horse on the right side of chest. 

"What's that?" 

"A stallion. We all get one." 

"We?" 

"You haven't heard of us?" he said moving on top of her. 

"Wait, you're a." 

"Yep." 

"I thought that frat was just a stupid rumor?" 

"Now you're going to find out we're real," he breathed heavily into her ear. 

They pair kissed. Nick was controlled, practiced. Cassie was desperate to be fucked, to feel his manhood inside of her. 

He grabbed his cock at the base and slid himself inside her pussy. 

She moaned from the intrusion. The warm up he gave her had only partially prepared her for the thick meat now inside of her. She grabbed his ass and pulled him deeper into her. 

Nick slowly, methodically gave her his entire length. Of all the girls he had been with this year, he had never had one be able to fully take him. Cassie hadn't been fucked in a year; he didn't know how well she could take it. 

The gripping wetness of her vagina was tight. Almost painfully tight for him but she still pulled him in deeper. She whimpered below him but welcomed the pain. 

He stopped. His pelvis was right up against her. He was now all the way in. 

"You ready? I know it's been a while so I don't want to hurt you." 

"I'm not a China doll, so shut up and fuck me." 

"As the lady wishes." 

Nick grabbed Cassie's shoulders, using them leverage himself up, and began to fuck her hard and fast. 

She screamed her lungs out from the fast, furious motions. "Oooooooooh, God!" she screamed. Her body writhed under him, instinctively trying to retreat from the pleasurable onslaught. 

He held her fast. She after all wasn't a porcelain China doll. 

Nick power fucked her, pushing her head against the wall at the edge of the bed. 

"I'm cumming. I'm CUMMING!" she cried. Sensations long forgotten streamed through her body. Nick's long cock pushed inside of her in places long untouched over the last school year. Her mind tried to focus on the pulsing cock moving inside of her but just as it would take hold; he would push deeper, harder, causing her sanity to slip. 

With an explosion of pleasure, Cassie felt her body orgasm. She closed her eyes, riding the feeling as he continued to ride on top of her. 

Finally coming back down, she worked her hands up to his chest and weakly pushed against him. 

Nick had felt her cum, and had ignored her feeble attempts to escape his grip. Now he could tell she was over-excited, that her pussy and clit were probably too sensitive for a continued onslaught. Being a gentleman, he dismounted her. 

"That feel good?" he asked. 

"What do you think," she said, laughing. 

Cassie lay back against the wall and tried to catch her breath. With half-lidded eyes, she watched him. His impressive cock still stuck out from his groin. It was red and twitching with need for release. 

She crawled over to him. Kissing her way up his body as she sat in his lap, slipping his cock back inside of her. 

"I feel like jelly," she said. "You're going to have to finish yourself off." 
