 After receiving instructions to Cheri's house I stopped at TNT's, a local topless bar, for a few minutes and had a coke. When the time came I drove to her condo on the corner of Ninth and Main. I knocked on her door and she greeted me and invited me in. 

She was wearing a black dress. Her makeup appeared to be perfect and her eyes had a light that comes from within. She had a nice smile that immediately put me at ease. She invited me to sit down and asked if I would like something to drink. I accepted her offer and we talked for a few minutes to get acquainted. She commented on my eyes saying that there was an internal light that she could see energy around me. After a few minutes she invited me back to her bedroom. 

She asked if I had any preference for music. I said no and she put on a Barry White CD. She said we should get undressed and as I took my clothes off she folded them neatly for me. I thought this was real cool. It made me think that I was not just a customer to be serviced and run off. It was I who asked if she wanted to take care of the financial part of the appointment and she indicated I could lay the money on her dresser, which I did.

As she undressed I checked out her body. She wasn't shy and did not seem to mind that I was checking her out. Everything was tight and in the proper proportion. Her breasts were small, just about the size I like (34C") with pink button nipples. She didn't immediately take off her panties, which were purple and matched her bra.

She invited me to lie down on the bed, which I did. She asked if I would like to start with a massage and I said yes. She asked if I would like oil or lotion and I replied an unscented lotion for obvious reasons. She told me to turn over on my stomach and relax. She climbed on the bed between my legs and proceeded to rub me down. It felt very good especially when she rubbed her small breasts all over my back. 

After a few moments of this she told me to turn over and proceed to massage my front starting with my legs, between my legs and then my chest. This was the first opportunity I had to touch her. Her skin was soft and smooth and when she leaned forward I put my mouth on her left breast and proceeded to tease her nipple. Her breasts were firm and her nipples were hard and perked up when I did this. I could tell that she wasn't a cold fish but actually enjoyed my touch. This made the whole experience much more enjoyable. 

Once again she massaged my body with her breasts. And once again, it felt wonderful. When she rubbed her breasts on my cock I thought I would cum right then. She took my hard cock in her hand, still full of lotion and started jerking me off. This didn't last long and the next moment she put her mouth around it. A few moments of this was all I could stand. I asked if I could do the same for her. She replied yes and rolled on her back and removed her panties. She was very clean and there was no noticeable smell. She had shaved the business part of her pussy and had a small hairpiece above with fine black hair. Her pussy was very petite and didn't have a lot of stuff hanging out. Her inner lips were small and delicate. I spread her open with my thumbs while the rest of my hands were under her butt. I looked at her pussy for a few seconds and looked at her face. Her eyes were closed and she had a dreamy smile on her face.

I proceeded to use my tongue on her and after a moment she started to move her hips in an up and down humping motion. She said I was very good and I replied that it was something I loved to do. I could tell that she was either a very good actress or she was really enjoying the tongue-lashing I was giving her. I believe it was the latter. 

Time was passing and as much as I enjoyed giving her pleasure I knew that I would have to proceed. I moved up beside her and she rolled on her side. She reached down between my legs and started to once again massage my cock. My mouth was busy on her breast and my hand was exploring her pussy. I found "the man in the boat" and was fingering her. She was grinding her hips in time with my finger action.

I decided it was time for other things and gently push her over on her back. Once again I was amazed that she allowed me to call the shots. Throughout the whole experience she did not object to anything I wanted to do. I rolled on top of her and she guided my cock as I entered her. She proved that she was an expert as she matched my thrusting motions with her own. Her pussy felt tight, smooth and creamy and we seemed to have a perfect fit. 

After a few moments of fucking I knew that I would soon cum if I continued. Since I still had plenty of time left I wanted to use it to the maximum. I rolled off her and pulled her on top of me. I started caressing her back and butt, cupping it in my hands and pulling her tight against me. She was grinding on top of me and I told her that this was the best part. She said that she agreed we all need to touch and feel needed.

I gently pushed her off me and spread her willing legs. I slid off the end of the bed and I had her in the perfect position for a serious tongue-lashing. This time I gently inserted my thumb in her pussy without objection from her. Spreading her lips I started flicking her clitoris with my tongue. She immediately closed her eyes and had a dreamy expression on her face. Her hips were keeping time as I sped up and slowed down my tongue action.

I could tell several times she was about to climax and backed off. I replaced my thumb with two fingers of my left hand while my right hand found her left breast. I played with her nipple while my tongue continued its assault on her clitoris. I started moving my fingers in and out and her response was amazing. It only took a few moments of these actions and she came. Now this could have been faked but something tells me it wasn't. She slid her hands along her stomach to her pussy and held it tightly as she shuddered. I started kissing the insides of her legs while watching the smile on her face. 

I climbed onto the bed on top of her and my cock found her warm moist pussy automatically. We were in synch with our thrusting and she was good. It didn't take long before I exploded inside her. She held me tightly as the endorphins fired in my brain. She seemed to enjoy my climax as much as I did. She continued to hold me as I slowly returned to earth. 

She didn't appear to be in a hurry to get rid of me or run me off. We started talking. After a few moments I rolled off her and asked if I could help her get dressed. She explained that she just put on a robe afterwards. I asked if I at least couldn't help her on with her panties. She said sure and I picked the up from the floor where she had casually tossed them. Sitting on the end of the bed I held them open and she, laying her hands on my shoulders, proceeded to step into them. 

It was time to say goodbye. I asked her if she would be around in December. She said yes and I told her I would see her again. I arose and she came into my arm for one last hug that neither of us seemed to be in a hurry to break. Reluctantly I released her and she took my arm and escorted me to the door. Sadly, I left. 

I was in good spirits and felt renewed like I haven't been in a long time. It was a very pleasant experience, well worth the money, and one I plan to repeat...