 Well, the day I dreaded was here, my annual medical checkup. I had put it off as long as I could and ran out of excuses.

My company requires an annual medical checkup for those of us over 50, and me being 55, I had to go and so, I am off to waste a day going through a battery of tests, probes and embarrassments.

My darling wife sent me off with no breakfast but a big smile and a wave saying, "You have fun and enjoy yourself."

It was a twenty minute drive to the medical building where I was going to spend the next few hours. I was so excited.

I checked in and the receptionist told me that I would be under the supervision of Dr. Anthony White today.

She directed me to the locker room where I was to get totally undressed and for me to wear the terry robe provided for me.

I did as I was told and the only thing I was able to hold onto was my cell phone, thank goodness.

I put my clothes in a locker and put on the robe which came down to mid thigh.

Now, I just had to wait for Dr. White to see me.

For about thirty minutes I waited before the door opened to my waiting area. In walks a doctor who introduces himself as Dr. White and he tells me he will be with me throughout the day and examining me later on.

I looked at him and just smiled and just said good morning.

He laid out the plans for the day. He said I would be going for a chest x-ray, then hitting the treadmill, then some other tests I couldn't even remember.

He continued by telling me that I would have to get blood taken at various intervals during the day. Then he finally said that he would go over all the results when he examined me. 

During his introduction, I somehow managed to get a hardon but he didn't notice, thank goodness.

About an hour after I got there, a young female medical student put me in a wheelchair, my mode of transportation while I was there and took me to x-ray.

I spent about 45 minutes there getting radiated before I was finished and taken back to my waiting area.

About 15 minutes later, I was escorted to the treadmill where the torture began. I hate walking and now I had to walk on the treadmill as they raised the incline level.

I was on the damn thing for like twenty minutes before they finished the test. I guessed that I passed because I was still breathing.

After that, another waiting for a half-hour before they took me to the vampire so they could take some blood.

Finally, the morning was over and they brought me something to eat, jello and tea.

After that scrumptious meal, I had to go get my hearing checked then my eyes checked.

So far, so good I thought to myself. All through this ordeal, I texted my lovely wife and kept her informed. Being the good wife that she was, she sent me a smiley face and told me to enjoy myself.

By now it was mid afternoon and, of course, things were starting to get backed up and running late.

It was now 4:00 p.m. and I still hadn't been examined yet and I was getting pissed.

Just then then the door opens up and a gorgeous red head appears. She tells me that Dr. White had an emergency and that she would be the one examining me in a little while. She tells me her name is Ronny Simms, Physician's Assistant.

I just said ok as I could feel my cock swelling up. She was in her early 30's,5'7", about 125, red hair, green eyes, nice legs and decent sized tits.

In a short time, Ms. Simms returned and went over the tests with me and said everything was perfect. She then asked me to remove my robe.

Now, just so you know, I am completely smooth down there so I was a little embarrassed by what she might say.

She had me lay on my back on the table and started examining me from the top down.

When she got to my cock and balls, she felt and touched them and, as I knew it would happen, my cock grew.

She looked at me and then my cock and balls and said, "I see you keep yourself smooth. I like that in a man. I'm smooth too. And don't worry about your erection, I am used to it. It's nice to see I have that effect on men."

I smiled and told her I appreciated her understanding.

She spent an inordinate amount of time, I thought, checking out my cock and balls. Then she started asking questions that I thought were above and beyond the norm.

First, she wanted to know how big I was. I looked at her with a puzzled look. Then she said, How big is your penis?"

I told her it was 7" hard. She smiled and said that was a perfect size, especially if you wanted to put it in some place special.

Then she asked, "Sir, I see you have plenty of cum in you. When was the last time you came? Also, how many times can you cum in an hour?"

I looked at her and said, "To be honest, it has been a few days since I came last and I can usually come twice in an hour."

She looked at me and said, "Hmmm. I can't let you go home with you full of cum. I am afraid you are going to have to take care of that before you leave.

I said sarcastically, "And how would I do that?"

She answered, "Well, there are a couple of ways. One way is you, by yourself or I can get help. Which would you prefer?"

I looked at her and said, "I prefer your help."

She smiled and said ok. Then she went over and locked the door. I watched her as she approached me. 

"Are there any special requests you have right now sir?" She asked.

"Yes," I said, "I would like to see your beautiful breasts as that would help me a lot."

She smiled and removed her button down top and unsnapped her bra. Her beautiful and full breasts came into view.

Then she asked, "Before I begin, did you have any other requests?"

I said, "Yes, I would prefer you to be nude. That would really help me."

She quickly undid her skirt and removed her thong and stood there naked. Her smooth pussy staring at me.

I told her that was perfect.

She then crouched over my cock and started sucking it. After a few minutes, I told her to stop. She looked at me. I told her it would be faster if she straddled me and slipped her cunt over my cock and rode me.

She got up and straddled me and soon my hard cock was deep inside her cunt. She rode me until I told her I was cumming and she rode me harder until my cum shot into her cunt.

When she finally got down, she felt my balls and said there was still some cum in them and I would have to get it all out.

I told her she can try in a few minutes.

Fifteen minutes later, her mouth sucked whatever cum I had left into her mouth, emptying me.

She checked and made sure I was empty. Then she told me to get dressed and that I passed the medical exam.

She said that I had to make another appointment with her next week to make sure everything was properly taken care of.

I told her I would and thanked her for helping me out with my problem and looked forward to my next appointment with her and left with a big smile.

When I got home, my wife asked how things went. I told her it was a long boring tough day but I survived but I had to go back next week for a follow-up.

She sarcastically asked if I had a good time.

I smiled and told her I had a great time, then asked her what was for dinner.