 My day has been so long. All this running around, trying to make the entire world happy, really takes its toll. I knew when I got home, it was my time. My time to do whatever I wanted with. My time to make myself happy, for once. 

I climbed out of my car, slowly, feeling the weight of my day in every bone of my body. After checking the mail, and much to my dismay, only finding bills, I unlock the door, throw the bills on the kitchen table, putting them as far out of my mind as possible, picked up my purring black cat that was been rubbing against my ankles , begging for attention since I walked in the door. He sprawls in my arms, knowing this is the best time to catch me, when I first get home, lavishing his love on me, calming my nerves and making me smile.

I place him on the table, sweetly kiss him on the tip of the nose, and walk to my room, already unbuttoning my shirt and pants, ready to free myself from these confining clothes. The cat gingerly follows me down the hallway and into my bedroom, proceeding to find the absolute highest point in the room on which to perch.

I grab the book that I’m currently reading even as I’m still undressing and lie down on the bed. Now completely nude, I lie on my stomach and open the pages to the dog-eared corner of Chapter 28 and continue to read the horrors that perplex the protagonist of the novel.

I cannot seem to focus all my attention the novel, however. My thoughts are constantly being drawn to other, more exciting things. Thoughts of you, your deep voice, your beautiful, strong hands and your sleek body. I close the book and place it on the nightstand and lay my head down, close my eyes, with a smile on my face and my thoughts racing. 

Slowly, I am awoken by a warm, tender touch and a kiss of the small of my bare back. I push myself slowly onto my side, exposing my naked breasts and belly to your blue eyes, sleepily mumbling something completely imperceptible to you.

You are already completely naked and standing before me with a grin on your face. You lie down next to me on the bed. I drape my arm across you chest as you kiss my forehead and pull me closer to you. 

I slip my leg between yours and snuggle up to your neck, inhaling the wonderful scent that is you. I love that soft warmth of our skin pressed up against one another and the feel of your heartbeat against my cheek and the sound of your slow, steady breathing.

You tell me about your day and in exchange, I tell you about mine. As we lie next to each other, limbs intertwined, you lightly run your fingertips up and down my spine, giving me goosebumps all over. I shiver and you pull me even close, pulling my face up to yours.

I lean closer, feeling your warm breath on my face, I kiss you slowly, not yet wanting to explore your mouth with my tongue. I place small, tender, moist kisses on your lips, with you constantly reaching for more. Finally, you reach up suddenly with your hand and hold my face close to yours. Pressing your lips to mine, you slip your tongue between my lips, insistently probing my tongue with yours, while your free hand traces the path of the generous curves of my body.

The kiss seemed to last forever and was so full of passion, it left both of us out of breath. You make a trail of kisses from my lips to my earlobe and down the side of my neck until you reach the crook where my shoulder meets my slender neck. You kiss me roughly and bite my neck gently until once again I am covered in goosebumps and I inhale sharply from the pleasure you’re giving me.

I try to climb on top of you, but you make your move quickly. You push me onto my back with your arms still wrapped around me. You forcefully and passionately kiss me until I submit to you, allowing you to do what you will with my body. 

As you press up against me, I can feel how fully erect you are and so completely turned on. As I look up into your face as you linger above me, your bright blue eyes are filled with wild lust and desire. You inch up my body, straddling my chest, placing yourself at my lips. I reach out with my tongue and run the tip of it down the underside of your penis, all the while maintaining eye contact with you.

Your eyes roll back as I take you into my mouth, engulfing your entire length and slowly lowering my head, allowing you to slip out of my mouth. A small whimper followed by a deep, long sigh escapes from your lips.

You reopen your eyes and, without saying a word, lean quickly toward my face, kissing me deeply, pulling my long red hair gently back, letting me know just how wonderful that small action felt.

You swiftly move down my body, licking, kissing, sucking, biting, and scratching any part and every part of my naked flushed flesh.

You stop suddenly just below my waist and sit up, watching me wriggle in protest. You then reach between my legs and feel the warm wetness that has seeped from deep within me. You smile devilishly and slowly push my thighs apart. Tilting you head slightly and peering at me, you take the sight of me in. Sprawled in front of you, naked, trembling in anticipation, soft curves of naked flesh lain before you as if a feast.

You lean down again and quickly flick you tongue over my swollen clit, just wanting a taste of me. You then lick your lips in satisfaction and bask in the moan of ecstasy that pours from my lips.

Picking my legs up, you place my knees on your shoulders, pulling my hips closer to you. I cross my ankles around your neck as you slowly enter me.

As you gently thrust completely into me, filling me to the brim, you don’t move for a few seconds, allowing yourself to enjoy the involuntary muscle spasms and the all-encompassing warmth inside of me.

Slowly, you pull out of me, quickly thrusting back into me with full force, causing me to cry out in the perfect combination of pleasure and pain to be called ecstasy.

Now both glistening with seat, we continue to move in rhythm with one another. Rocking back and forth to the rhythm of our love-making, moaning and sighing simultaneously.

You unwrap my legs from around your neck. As you continue to make love to me, you watch yourself entering and exiting me, enjoying the sight of your member slicked with my juices, watching the tiny, glistening droplets of sweat trickle between my full breasts and down my tummy.

You begin to thrust harder, your brow furrowing, anticipating your quickly approaching climax. You begin to chant my name softly and eagerly as you grab my hips and using them as leverage, speed up. In and out and in and out, your muscles tensing and relaxing, in, out, skin slapping skin, in, out, your hips bones slamming my inner thighs, inout, cries of passion filling the room, emitted from both of us, inout.

Finally, I can feel that all too familiar pressure building in the pit of my stomach, the warning signs of pending release of all control.

You swiftly continue thrusting, both gasping for air, both grunting and moaning in pleasure. I continue to match your rhythm. Inout, inout, inout, until finally…with a final grunt and hard thrust, I feel you fill me with your warmth, my body shaking uncontrollably as an orgasm that seemed to make time stand still overtook me. Coursing through my veins, every ounce of pleasure, making me tingle from head to toe. Gasping and reaching for you to pull you close to me, I struggle to regain my strength. I lay back, trying to catch my breath. You collapse beside me, wrapping your strong arms around me, kissing me, my lips, my eyes, my ears, my forehead, while running my fingers along the side of you face, our warm breath mingling between our faces.

After we both catch our breath, you kiss me gently, pull the down comforter up around us. You pull me even closer to you, and with our limbs and bodies pressed together and intertwined, we drift peacefully into sleep, dreaming only of each other.