 The front door slammed. He was here...

As I lay on my large king size bed, sheet covers crisp and white, the fragrant smell of washing powder filled the room making me feel relaxed yet aroused. Sweat beads gathered on the surface of my soft, tanned body, causing my skin to glisten in anticipation.

I could feel my heart pumping through my chest as I began thinking about today's naughty fuck with my man...

You see, Jay is my boyfriend and we like to experience each other in many ways and today just like most days I needed to be fucked.

I looked down at my body, scanning over my naked breasts dirtily admiring the newly purchased black high thigh stockings and matching suspenders which were met with 5" stiletto shoes all glossy and new.

I loved to dress up and look my best for Jay and he appreciated it very much. My blue eyes drifted back up my relaxed body, eyes lingering around my rounded breasts showing my dark pink nipples, erect from excitement. I was ready...

I started to listen intensely to Jay's footstep's as they became louder and louder up the stairs, each foot dropping down like thunder reaching closer and closer to my yearning body. My legs started to spread, focusing on the sounds of Jay's shirt unbuttoning, jeans unzipping, watch unclipping as he walked up the stairs. My pussy started to soften as I imagined his sturdy hands undressing himself. The thud of his clothes falling into a pile meant he was ready too...

I breathed in deep. My stomach tensed as I started to gently spread my legs a little further, my left hand brushing past my eight strap suspender belt pulling my black lace panties to the side as I dipped two right fingers straight into my pussy. I knew I'd be wet. The thought of Jay made my pussy leak with love for my man.

Just as my eyes started to roll back with pleasure, fingers pushing in deeper the door creaked, Jay had walked in. His eyes were wide and his mouth was slightly open, lips swollen and wet. He looked aroused. Without a word he just stood and watched proudly as I fingered myself. I glanced over his toned, masculine body which made my fingers push deeper inside. I lifted my knees up spreading my hips further apart, my left hand now stretching my panties to the side. I pulled my wet, silky fingers from my pussy and roughly rubbed my clit, my sleepy eyes locked on Jays. I could see his cock expanding, getting harder through his boxers. 

He knew what I needed him to do. His sturdy, masculine hand reached inside his boxers as he grabbed his hardening cock, gently caressing himself teasing my eyes and body. I slipped yet another finger deep inside my pussy, pushing them right to the back of my womb gathering precious juices onto my fingers. I gently pulled them back out, lube dribbling down my fingers.

I lifted my body up and swung my legs across the bed, I was now sat up, heels pressed down on the floor. I flicked my long hair over to the side of my face, eyes wide like saucers as I stared up at Jay. He was stood up in front of me, my hungry mouth was in line with his cock. I needed to suck, I needed to swallow...

I used my lubed fingers and held his cock, sliding my wet hand up and down his long thick shaft, excess lube dribbling onto his pubes. I licked my own cum from his dick then put him fully in my mouth greedily. Jay grabbed my hair and pushed me on him fully taking in his cock. I was hungry, I was hungry for a fucking...

I unlocked my hips, legs wide, my sexy shoes now on their tiptoes as I curled and arched my back, fingers slipping back inside my swollen pussy. I felt sexy and aroused, my nipples we're pert and my straight hair draped down my curved back tickling my skin. I didn't want to orgasm I had other ideas but finger fucking myself was getting me very wet and horny...

Suddenly and without notice Jay roughly pushed me back on the bed. My shoulders jolted back hitting the soft duvet, hair draping over the side of the bed. 

Jay cockily climbed on my body, his eyes burning into mine deep in concentration. He moved my hands away from my inviting pussy, roughly pinning them to the side of my body. His strong, toned legs locked my arms and body between his thighs. 

Jay shifted his body as he moved up to my face and without a thought he grabbed my hair at the roots, pulling my head back forcing his cock straight into my mouth which made me gag. He thrust his hips back and forth, his erect, luscious dick hitting the back of my throat with every motion. My eyes started to water, tears tricking down my cheeks as I began to gag loudly. I felt sick but it was turning me on so much I started sucking harder and faster. I tried to grab Jay's arse but my arms were still locked tightly between his thighs. There was no way out, he was mouth fucking me and mouth fucking me hard as I took his length in deeper, his eyes still focused on mine. 

Jay began to slow down, stroking my hair tenderly which made my pussy soggy and wet.. I could see the real, genuine love in his eyes for me but right now I needed to be treated like the naughty bitch I liked to be in the bedroom...

Jay paused. He had seen it, he had spotted my toy. I could feel his arms fumble above me. His sweet smelling body reached over my head, squashing my face under his stomach as he grabbed it from the floor. His cock was still deep in my mouth as he cheekily giggled, grinding and thrusting his hips causing me to gag once more making me feel sick but I didn't care...

My personal pussy fucker was large, wide and long. I liked to fuck myself regularly with my "baby" and this time Jay was going to use my toy to fuck me which made my body tremble with wonder and excitement...

Jay grabbed my baby unlocking his cock from my mouth. My jaw ached from his pounding hips but this wasn't the time to think about pain. Jays face had a naughty yet puzzled look about him as he studied my toy wondering where he was going to fuck me with it. He glanced at my face then pulled me close and started to kiss me hard, his right hand grabbing the back of my head, his fingers twisted in my long hair.

Jay's kiss was intense. I wrapped my hands around his head and pulled his mouth closer to mine, tongues entwined, tracing inside each other's mouths. Jay moved his lingering lips away from mine replacing them with my toy. He slot my vibrator in my mouth pulling it back out again rubbing the tip over my damp lips. I licked my toy like a lollipop then took in the length as Jay watched intensely.

With one suck he removed my baby and gently traced the tip of my hard pink rod down my body reaching my pubic bone. Jay sat up and spread my thighs apart. His right hand roughly and greedily ripped my panties to the side causing a suspender strap to snap. Jay's head dived between my legs, his long lick taking my breath away as I started to groan...he suckled on my juicy pussy lips swirling his tongue around my hard clit, slurping up my cum causing me to moan again. I felt a sudden push as my toy went deep inside me, opening up my pussy. My toy buzzed causing me to tense my womb around my baby feeling the sensation. My legs were wide now as Jay pushed and pulled my baby in and out causing me to moan with every motion. 

Part 2 coming soon