 (This submission when accepted will make number 99. Thanks to all the readers whose comments and patronage has encouraged me to explore my fantasies and type them out for the world to see. For those who don't know, this one is a part of a series that this would make Part 7. If the reader clicks on my name, he/she can read the other six parts as well as the other submissions that have been accepted. See you for the next one.)

*

When I awoke in our hotel room the next morning, I noticed that my coffee princess wasn't around. I was a little upset for a few moments before I saw the hotel door open and her face smiling at me. In her hands, she held a tray holding two iced latte's as well as a few pastries. As she approached the bed, I had the chance to scope out her outfit. The shorts she wore were pastel blue, almost painted on her curvy hips. The shirt she wore showed off her bare midriff and a piece of jewelry dangled from her navel. Her hair looked straight off of a Daisy Duke poster and her lips were cherry red. After setting down the coffee, she leaned down and planted a deep kiss on my lips before her hand began to move under the sheet. It was at that moment I realized I was still naked under the sheet. 

Her hand was a little chilled from holding the lattes as it slid down along my chest over my stomach. I knew where her destination was going to be as I leaned forward to kiss her lips. Her hand began to stroke my flaccid member a few times before I felt it begin to harden. Her hand moved slowly up and down in effect solidifying it until her other hand pulled the sheet off to reveal it to her. As his dick stood in full salute, she leaned down and began to kiss gently on the head of it. I closed my eyes in response as her hand started stroking slower into her mouth. I opened my eyes to see her bent over, her tongue extended as she stroked it. 

I allowed my hand to slowly rise up and started to rub her ass through her shorts before she stood and undid the button and zipper. Her shorts fell to the ground revealing that she went without panties to the coffee shop. Her pussy was wet enough for me to see the glistening surface of her lips. As I allowed my fingers to slide towards my target, she crawled onto the bed and began to straddle my face. I could feel her erect nipples through her shirt on my naked stomach as she proceeded to take me fully in her mouth. I saw her pussy and began to lick it slowly while she pleasured my cock. 

We remained like that for a few minutes taking our time with each other until I plunged my tongue deep inside her and felt the moan on my cock. It was then she quickly crawled up and slid her pussy onto my dick. As she began to bounce on me, her hands went to the side of her shirt and pulled upwards. Her healthy tits came into view and bounced within view. I reached forward and began to play with the nipples as she moaned. My cock was ready to explode within her as she arched her back and moaned loudly one last time. She looked down at me and commanded me to climax like it was under her control. I felt my dick tense as I started filling her pussy. She sat there for a few moments before she rolled sideways and reached for a drink. 

"Lover, I hate to tell you this, but I have a date tonight." The words felt harsh for a moment before I remembered that she warned me about her boyfriend. I smiled back.

"It's all right, Hun. Will you be out all night?" She turned towards me with a wicked grin. 

"Only if I get lucky," she responded before laughing. "I can always meet you here in the morning before you drive home." 

"You better or I'll have to spank you, I said playfully knowing full well that we haven't tried that type of foreplay before. Her eyes looked at me playfully like she may want to try it out, but it would have to wait til later. As I drank my latte, I started thinking about ways to keep occupied that night while she had her time with her Adonis as I called him. I didn't really think he was since I never saw him, but the way she bragged about his looks made me believe her. 

I drove her back to her dorm room where she gave me a hug before entering. As she disappeared, I decided to walk around the almost abandoned campus. Knowing it was the weekend, there was probably not as many faculty and students around. I started waling around checking out the cabana where most of the students smoked as well as the cafeteria and music building before I found the medical building. It looked as quiet as the others except for one light in the corner. It was then I heard a crash and a familiar voice scream. 

I pulled open the door and ran towards the stairs. I started to run up the stairs quickly until I noticed no one else in the building. As I reached the second floor where the light came from, I heard someone moaning for help. I quickly ran towards the room and saw Charlene's Anatomy teacher on the ground with blood spurting from her arm. In a flash, I grabbed some paper towels and began to wrap her arm as I applied pressure. I looked over and saw some gauze on her desk. I told her to apply pressure before I reached for it and began to wrap the gauze around her arm. I then asked her if she was ok before I helped her sit I a chair she had in the corner. 

Her eyes started glazing over a bit, so I grabbed my cell and called 911. It was about ten minutes of quiet before I heard sirens and two EMT's entered the room. They saw the job I did to her arm and complimented me on it before pulling an IV bag out of their crash bags and started replenishing her fluids. As they placed her on the stretcher, they asked if I wanted to go with her. I followed them to the ambulance and after asking them how to get to the hospital, I walked over to Charlene's dorm. I had her dorm manager call her so she could tell me if her teacher had any family. When she told me she didn't know, I thanked her and told her I'd call later. 

The dorm manager overheard part of the conversation and told me Charlene's teacher was single with no family. Armed with that information, I went to my car and drove to the hospital and parked in the parking garage. As I entered the Emergency Room, one of the EMT's saw me and guided me to her room. There she sat on the bed with a grin on her face as she saw me. 

"My hero," she said as she raised her arms in a hug. It was a nice warm hug that I thought nothing of at first before she started whispering. 

"I didn't know Charlene would let you out of her bed to rescue me."

My mouth went open as I was in shock. She then whispered more to me.

"Don't worry. I can keep a secret." 

I sat down on the doctor's stool next to her as we started talking. It turned out that it was Jill's idea for Charlene to say I was her father just to make sure she was okay. During the conversation, I found out that Jill helped Charlene out a bunch of times as a way of helping out one of her prized student's siblings. She then told me how much she missed Cathy and how she would spend time with Charlene whenever she started missing her again. 

As I led Jill out of the hospital, my cell phone rang. It was Charlene asking if Mrs. Hodges was all right. After reassuring her that she was well, Charlene started talking about how she had to finish getting ready for her boyfriend. As she hung up, Jill saw the look on my face.

"She's seeing her stallion tonight, isn't she?" 

"Yeah, she is."

"It's just a fling. She hasn't learned to be serious with anyone yet." That realization was a shock before I turned to Jill and smiled. 

"She's young. She has plenty of time,"

"Too bad you weren't around when I came up here. I got my heart broken by the boy who took my virtue and threw myself into my career." I turned to her again. 

"I'll tell you like I told her. You just need time." As we reached my car, she turned towards me.

"I'm thirty four years old. No one wants an old bag like me." Her eyes started tearing up before I extended my arms. She ran into my arms and buried her face in my shoulder. I held her for a few moments before I opened the car door and helped her sit down. As I drove, I started asking her how to get to her place. Her next words shocked me.

"Let's go to your hotel room. I don't want to go home yet." I started steering the car towards where my hotel was as I thought about what she wanted. I decided to stop on the way for a quick bite to eat and she agreed. We stopped at McDonald's and had a small meal while we talked more about our pasts. I revealed to her about my departed wife as Jill told me about the moron who messed up her love life. We started laughing a bit before we got back into the car and I forgot that we were going back to my hotel room. As we neared it, she looked at me. 

"Isn't this where you are staying?" I quickly pulled into the parking lot and led her to my room. The room was set in order by the room service and I noticed that the management left a bottle of wine with two plastic glasses. As I offered to pour her a drink, she looked at me quizzically. 

"I just got out of the hospital. I'm still on medications," she said. 

"So your medication reacts with alcohol?" I responded. She thought for a second before responding.

"Okay, I meant you'll take advantage of me if I get drunk."

"What's the down side?" I asked before we both began laughing and I opened the bottle. I poured the first glass for both of us and we began to talk more. We soon polished off the whole bottle before the phone rang. It was Charlene. 

"He stood me up. Can you come pick me up?" she asked. I looked at Jill before responding.

"I can't. I am intoxicated at the moment."

"Okay, I'll get over there in an hour just to make sure he's not late. Is Jill okay?"

"She's fine. She's drunk too." I may have said too much before Charlene started laughing.

"Okay, lover. I'll come see you in the morning then. Have a good time," she answered before hanging up. She sounded almost pleased with herself on the phone as I looked at Jill. 

"Did I mess up your plans?" she asked. 

"No, her boyfriend stood her up. No big deal."

"You could call me a cab so I can let you two be." I looked at her.

"No," I responded. She looked at me before I leaned in and kissed her lips. I could feel her melt in my arms as we kissed. Her arms found my neck as she pulled me down onto the bed before I was on top of her. As I kissed her more, I felt her arms pulling my shirt out of my jeans before she started trying to pull it off. I helped her by pulling it off myself before I slid off of her and watched her unbutton her blouse. She revealed a very conservative white bra underneath before she leaned in again.

"My breasts aren't as firm as Charlene's," she said as she reached behind and unclasped it. Her breasts were not as firm as Charlene's, but she had better defined nipples that were already stiffened. I leaned down and kissed her again before I leaned down and began to suckle them. Her moan was instantaneous.

"It's been so long," she said as her hands found the back of my head and pulled me into her. My hand reached down and found her skirt as I suckled her breasts before she pushed me back. She stood carefully as she unbuttoned her skirt and allowed it to fall. She revealed her plain white panties to me with the prerequisite wet spot. I bent down on my knees and reached up to pull them down before allowing my tongue to taste her juicy pussy. She fell back onto the bed and spread her legs to give me access to her. I started licking her slowly and deliberately while she lay there. I would occasionally kiss the inside of her thigh before allowing my tongue to lick her again. To impress her, I started to spell out the alphabet as I licked her. We reached the letter J before she arched a bit and I felt her spasm in climax. 

I stood up and slowly ran my cock over her exposed pussy. I could hear her whispering and begging for me to slide in. I listened to her desire before sliding inside her. As I slid in, I thought almost immediately about my wife and how Jill's pussy felt similar. I started thrusting slowly to allow her to get use to what I was doing. My hands found her nipples and slowly caressed them as I moved inside of her. Her eyes were closed during all this. 

"Are you okay, Jill?" I asked quietly. 

"It's been so long. I miss having a cock inside me," she responded almost in a dream like state. Slowly I kept sliding back and forth as she clenched her pussy. I was feeling myself approaching climax and whispered so to her. Her response was simple. She begged for me to finish within her. I fulfilled her request again as I slid in one more time and felt the warm cum fill her equally warm pussy. I slowly pulled out of her and lay next to her on the bed before I allowed my lips to touch hers again. She responded back with a gentle kiss of her own before she looked me in the eyes. 

"I'm not too old to enjoy you, am I?" she asked. I smiled back at her before I pressed another kiss into her lips. 

"You're just the right vintage for me." We lay there for what seemed like forever before the sound of Charlene's ringtone penetrated the air. As I reached over, she grabbed the phone first. 

"Hello, dear," she said. "Are you okay?" 

"I'm in the lobby," she giggled. "Is it okay to come up?" Jill looked at me before answering. 

"Sure, love, we'll be decent."

"I hope not." Charlene giggled before hanging up. Jill looked over to me. 

"Your appointment is here," she said matter of factly before kissing me on the lips again. I kissed her back before wondering what Charlene would say about what just occurred.