 Joel had left town knowing that I had taken advantage of him while he was in a drunken state. I had no idea what consequences would come of my actions. I would have to wait and see. I had been bolder than I ever thought possible, and discovered things about myself that I had never even dreamed of. The night I had spent with Joel had changed my whole idea of how life was to be lived. I didn't know how I would proceed, but I knew I was a very different person now. Passion and lust. Carnal pleasure. Exploration. These were new things to me, but I would welcome them into my life.

***************

My husband, Kenneth, and I made love the night after Joel left town. I tried my best to bring my new-found excitement and energy into it. Kenneth was too restrained, and it became just another routine encounter. Almost robotic. With minimal foreplay, he climbed on top of me and humped me with short and quick strokes. I made all the sounds I thought would encourage him on, but I felt very little passion. It lasted only moments. He grunted a few times with his orgasm, then pulled out and rolled onto his side. A quick kiss and soon he was fast asleep. As I lay there afterwards listening to him sleep, I realized this was maybe as good as it would ever get. Thoroughly unsatisfied, my thoughts inevitably returned to Joel.

My eyes closed as I focused in on his image. I reached down between my legs and lazily began to fondle my clit as I thought about Joel and his big cock. I imagined what it would be like as it penetrated deep inside me. I replayed the scene in my mind of me sucking his cock and swallowing the flood of cum that rushed into my mouth. I longed for it and my pussy began to get very wet with my playing and fantasizing. I rolled over, facing away from Kenneth as my fingers began to explore with more urgency. My juices made everything slippery which helped to intensify the pleasure as I increased my tempo. I explored every part of my soaked clit and labia. My fingers slid up and down through my slick pussy lips with so much urgency I had to stop for a moment, fearful that I was shaking the bed and that Kenneth would wake. Several seconds of listening confirmed that he was still breathing deeply and rhythmically, fast asleep. 

I brought the tip of my middle finger up and focused on my clit, now swollen and poking out from under the clitoral hood. I rubbed it furiously in a back-and-forth pattern as I pulled the skin above it tight with my other hand. I had to bury my face into the pillow to muffle the moans that escaped my mouth. My middle finger pushed down through my pussy lips to the bottom, and I curled my finger inward as it easily slid into my opening. I plunged it in past the second knuckle, breathing heavily with the intense pleasure. Flexing my middle finger upward, I placed the pad on the rough patch of skin I found inside my entrance. Increasing the pressure I massaged the area I knew to be my G-spot, massaging it in a circular pattern. My other hand made its way down and flowed over my swollen and sensitive clit. 

My eyes were closed and I imagined Joel's cock sliding in and out of me, filling me, pressing into every part of me. My fingers worked my pussy, inside and out, wildly attempting to bring forth ever more pleasure. All the while my thoughts focused on Joel and how amazing his cock felt in my hand that night. Soon I felt a wave of intense pleasure rippling from my pussy through the rest of me. I gasped into the pillow. My body shuddered with involuntary spasms as my climax overtook my mind. Though I tried to stay quiet I was unable to control the groans that came from deep inside. The thoughts of Joel had pushed me over the edge. I pressed my face into the pillow and bit down on it as hard as I could to absorb the sounds of my orgasm. My fingers shook in the throes of pleasure as I desperately tried to control them. I knew the bed had to be shaking with my efforts, but I had lost control. My breathing was labored and irregular with desperate breaths through my nose as I clamped my mouth shut to keep the sounds inside. Finally the wave of pleasure subsided and I was left quivering, lying on my side, with my head buried deeply in the bed. 

Slowly my breathing came under control. I listened carefully for Kenneth's breathing. Sure enough he was still sound asleep, completely unaware of yet another betrayal on my part as I lay 2 feet away. I drew the covers tightly over me and curled my exhausted body into a ball. Slowly I drifted to sleep, unable to put the fantasy of Joel out of my mind.

***************

That Thursday I had the day off. Kenneth went off to work at his usual time and I slept in. I was looking forward to a lazy day at home alone. Finally I got up, showered, and ate a late breakfast. Standing at the sink doing dishes, my mind was so far away. 

Suddenly two very large hands swept under my arms and grabbed my boobs firmly. I let out a surprised scream and instinctively spun around...and there he was!

Joel's face was inches from mine and he was looking down at me intently with a crooked smile, eyes piercing right through me. My jaw dropped, and I had trouble catching my breath. 

"How did you get in here?" I stuttered. It was all I could think to say.

"You gave me a key to the house, and I kept it." He said matter-of-factly.

I just stared back, speechless. He was so close to me I could feel his hot breath against my face. I opened my mouth and tried to form some kind of response, but there was nothing. 

"I came back to see you," he said quietly. "I think we have something to finish." His eyes narrowed slightly and he watched closely for my reaction.

I was in shock and my heart was pounding. As he continued to stare into my eyes, my mind struggled for words, but nothing came out. His whole body moved closer and he leaned in and began to kiss me. My body tensed and went rigid. My mind was racing, and I had no idea how to react. 

His lips caressed mine. I couldn't help but give in to him. I closed my eyes and began to kiss him back, the shock giving way to passion. It felt just like my first kiss, with my heart fluttering and my mind in absolute overdrive. He hadn't shaved probably in a day, and surprisingly his rough stubble drove me wild. I leaned into him, pressing my body against his as we kissed. Our tongues intertwined as the passion increased. My legs were weak, and I grabbed his upper arms for support. Joel's right hand snaked around my low back pulling me in even tighter and holding me steady. 

As we kissed our hands began to tentatively explore each other. I wrapped my arms over his broad shoulders and ran my fingers through his hair, as one of his hands worked its way to my right breast, gently caressing my swelling nipple. It was exquisite, and a moan escaped my lips. I pressed myself into him harder, melting my body into his.

The intensity of our kissing began to increase. Tongues interwoven and exploring. Joel leaned back slightly so his hand could find its way up and into my shirt. With expert fingers he reached behind me and unclasped my bra. He pulled my bra and the front of my shirt up to my neckline, freeing my breasts to open air. Breathing became difficult as his fingertips found my rigid nipples. I broke from our kiss and threw my head back, gasping with pleasure. Immediately he lowered his head and took my nipple between his lips, gently sucking it. His tongue rolled and flickered over it, sending shivers throughout my entire body. As he sucked on my nipple, my right hand came down his neck and back, creeping ever further downward to his perfect ass. I grabbed under his butt cheek and tightened my grip. His lips clutched my sensitive nipple. It felt so good. I leaned my head down and nibbled on his ear as he did this. 

Moving my hand around his hips to the front, I caressed his inner thigh for a few moments, tenderly massaging up and down. My passion was urgent now and slowly I moved my hand up to the object of my desires. My fingertips brushed over the hard bulge in his pants. My pussy tightened, simply from the feel of it. I cupped my hand over his growing manhood and massaged it in a circular pattern with my palm. He pressed himself into my hand, obviously yearning for more. Without any need for hesitancy now, I reached for his belt with both trembling hands and fumbled to unlatch it. Next I undid the button on his jeans and the zipper. I used my left hand to pull the elastic on his underwear out and down while I reached in with my right and once again grasped around the thick shaft of his wonderful cock. I pulled it upward and free of its confines. As the head cleared the waistband its full length flopped out into the open air. Not yet hard, it hung heavily downward, supported by my still-trembling hand.

The flickering of Joel's tongue on my nipple stopped briefly as I began to stroke his hardening cock. The outer skin loosely slid up and down the inner shaft as my hand maneuvered its length. He moaned softly with my touch. I pulled the front of his underwear down further to give me more space to work my hand. He surprised me by reaching down and pulling his pants and underwear over his hips and butt, letting them fall to his ankles. It suddenly occurred to me that I was standing in my kitchen in broad daylight with an enormous cock in my hand, my shirt pulled up to my neck, and a man was suckling my tit...It also occurred to me that I really didn't care. 

I stroked him faster, feeling his already huge cock thicken even more in my grasp. Bringing my hand all the way to the tip, my fingers focused on caressing and stimulating the soft head. I felt his body stiffen slightly and he let out a quiet moan. I moved my other hand to the shaft and he began to move his hips back and forth, working his cock through my fingers. 

I backed away slightly, pulling my sensitive nipple from the grasp of his lips. With his cock still in my hands I dropped to my knees on the hard kitchen tiles. I was eye level with his cock, and I finally got my first full daylight view of it. I held it up and examined it closely. It was everything I knew it would be. The thick shaft was heavily adorned with branching veins running down its length. The head was huge and bulbous with smooth shiny skin. It had red coloration that was noticeably darker than the shaft it sat atop. It was truly massive and breathtaking. It had the look of such power. His balls hung well below like ornaments, suspended by his wrinkled sack. He was shaved completely clean, which I found incredibly sexy. I stared at it like a hungry lioness watching her prey.

I looked up at Joel with passion in my eyes. He had been watching me admire his beautiful cock. The look of desire on his handsome face drove me wild. My gaze fell back down onto his cock, and I leaned forward and began to kiss the tip of it. As I kissed it my tongue came forward and rolled around it as if I were French kissing him. My saliva flowed over him as I took the head into my mouth and began to apply gentle suction. The soft and pliable head contorted itself within the confines of my inner mouth, molding itself around my mouths features as I sucked him in. This made him groan louder, and his hands instinctively came forward to grasp my head. He gently pulled my hair back with his fingers and held it back out of the way while I made love to his cock with my mouth.

I pulled my lips off of his cock and pushed it upright against his stomach. Leaning in further I nuzzled my head into his groin and swirled my tongue over his balls. They tumbled around inside the loose and wrinkled skin of the protective sack as my tongue and mouth nudged and explored their features. After a moment I began to move my tongue upward along the underside of his long shaft, looking up into Joel's eyes. He carefully watched every move with wide eyes. I pulled his cock away from his belly as my tongue advanced slowly along its length. Finally reaching the end, I aggressively took him back into my mouth. My lips sank down over his cock as both of my hands began to push and pull the skin along his hard shaft. 

Joel's big hands tightened their grip around the makeshift ponytail that he had pulled my hair into. I increased my suction and began to move my head steadily up and down his cock. He shifted his weight from one leg to the other trying to find balance. I increased my speed and worked my tongue over every inch of skin that it could reach. My hands moved in time with the bobbing of my head. I wanted to give Joel every amazing sensation I could. My intensity increased. At the end of each stroke I sucked down hard on the head of his cock and swirled my tongue heavily over the smooth skin. He was moaning and his hips began to rock in time with my movements, trying to fuck my mouth. I couldn't control myself as I desperately attempted to maximize his pleasure. I worked his cock furiously. Passion and desire dominated over self-control. Loud slurping noises escaped my lips. My mouth was heavy with saliva, and his cock was becoming soaked with it. I tightened my grip with both hands as I dragged the skin up and down the rigid shaft. My lungs began to burn from lack of oxygen, but I didn't stop. His moaning increased, and his body began to shudder. I could tell he was close to orgasm and I wanted his hot seed in my mouth again. I wanted to taste every drop of his warm cum and feel it slide down my throat. I kept up my furious pace, ready for him to erupt.

Suddenly he let go of my hair and grabbed the sides of my head as he stepped back, forcibly withdrawing his cock from my yearning mouth. He quickly let go of my head and clamped his fists over my hands and held them firmly in place, halting my pumping motion. I could feel his cock pulsing and twitching in my grasp. I watched as a single drop of clear fluid appeared at the tip, but he didn't cum. He had held off his orgasm. I didn't know why. I looked up at him. His eyes were closed and he was breathing heavily, his mouth slightly open. We stayed locked in this position for several moments as he recovered. I watched him and wondered if I had done something wrong. I wanted to say something, but I was too afraid of ruining the moment. Finally he opened his eyes and looked down at me.

"Whoa...Easy...this isn't a race. We have time, right?" He said, looking down at me carefully. His lips turned up into a fabulous smile.

I was relieved. I bit into my lower lip seductively and nodded my head. He released his grasp from around my hands. I stayed there for a moment on my knees with both hands still wrapped around his big cock. I was unsure how I should proceed now. I think he sensed my hesitation. He gently took hold of my wrists and pulled my hands free from his shaft. Kicking off his shoes, he maneuvered his feet and ankles free from his pants and underwear. He bent over and took me by my upper arms. Pulling me upright, he leaned in and kissed me passionately once again. As our tongues danced over each other's, Joel's hands began to wander over my body. He caressed my back through my shirt, and then moved down to my side and waist. Slowly, and with confidence, his hands moved downward. My hips, my outer thighs, and then to my inner thighs he progressed. I closed my eyes in anticipation. I could feel his still erect cock as it jutted forward, pressing into my stomach. I grabbed it again with one hand and lightly stroked it. 

His right hand moved up my inner thigh until it reached the top. He pressed his hand firmly into my aching pussy. He stopped kissing me and looked down. I moaned my approval as his fingers flowed over me through my jeans. I spread my legs apart as his hand rubbed back and forth. My pussy was beginning to get wet with his touch. He reached with both hands and easily undid my pants and drew down the zipper. My heart beat faster now. His fingers found their way inside the elastic of my panties, and he drove his hand down inside. His fingertips brushed through my small patch of pubic hair on their journey downward. I shuddered as he finally came in contact with my clit. Oh god! I spread my legs wider and pressed myself into his fingers. He rubbed up and down my pussy, spreading the wetness all over my lips. It felt so fucking good! He found my clit again and his fingertips focused in on it, gently rubbing in a circular pattern over the swelling nub. A moan escaped my lips. I grabbed his shoulder with my free hand to steady myself as I leaned into him, resting my head against his muscular chest. He pushed his hand down further, letting one finger plow its way through the center of my pussy lips. Back and forth he worked his finger through my slit. The feeling was incredible! I was amazed how different and how much better it felt from my own hand. So much better.

My jeans and panties were limiting Joel's access, and I was happy to mirror his actions in pulling them down over my hips and letting them fall to the floor. I wasn't wearing shoes, and I easily stepped free of the clothing. Going a step further, I pulled my shirt and bra over my head. I was wearing nothing but a pair of socks now. I looked at him and gave him a wicked grin. He stepped back for just a moment and took in the sight of my now naked body, moving his eyes from my face downward. His eyes fixated on my bare breasts. My boobs were not big, but they were firm and sat proudly on my chest. My erect nipples pointed at him as if beckoning him toward me. I saw hunger in his expression. His eyes moved down my body, examining every feature. My narrow waist, the line of my hips, the curve of my ass. He carefully examined my pubic area, as I stood naked before him. My hair was trimmed into a clean triangular patch, pointing the way to my yearning pussy. He licked his lips unconsciously. 

A smile appeared on his face. He quickly stripped his own shirt over his head and dropped it to the floor. Now we were both quite naked, greedily taking in each other's body with our eyes. His body was incredible. He was tall, very muscular and defined, with a ruggedly handsome face. He had broad shoulders and a big chest. I knew he spent many hours every week in the gym developing his physique. His stomach was flat, with just the faintest hint of muscular definition underneath. My eyes moved to his amazing cock. I decided this was his most impressive feature. It jutted straight out from his groin like a giant missile. Being completely engorged with blood, its skin was darker than his body. As I gazed at it I noticed it twitch a little as he breathed and shifted his weight. His cock was made for pleasing. I had never before had such appreciation for the male body as I did at that moment. Everything about him seemed perfect.

He stepped toward me again. Encircling his big hands around my waist, he easily lifted me up and sat me on the edge of the kitchen counter. I hadn't expected this and I grabbed at his shoulders to steady myself. As I wondered what his intentions were, he brought my legs up and placed my feet on the counter, which had the effect of spreading my legs open. I felt very vulnerable. My pussy was now fully in his view. He kissed me passionately again, and then began to work his way down my body gently kissing along the way. He paused briefly to suck on my nipple, eliciting another groan of pleasure. My breathing quickened as he made his way down my stomach to my pubic hair. Moving off to the side he kissed and licked his way along my inner thighs. I quivered as he teased me. Slowly his lips moved upward toward my crease. I couldn't believe this was actually happening. I had never had my pussy eaten out, and it was about to happen. I stared down and watched as his lips made first contact with my labia. He nuzzled his lips gently into my skin. I was trembling and could hardly breathe. 

His tongue snaked out and slid up the length of my pussy lips to my clit. I cried out, completely overwhelmed by the pleasure of it. Joel began to work his wet tongue up and down through my pussy lips. The rough texture of it sent shockwaves through me. This felt better than anything I had ever experienced in my life. Without even realizing it, I put my hands onto his head and weaved my fingers into his hair. He circled his tongue over my swollen clit, coating it with his saliva. I lost control of myself as I pulled his head closer into me. Feeling a pure animal instinct, I rocked my hips back and forth, grinding my pussy over his flickering tongue. My exhalations became nothing but moans. He reached up and pushed my inner thighs outward, spreading me open wider as I fucked his tongue. One of his hands slid all the way up my thigh and I felt a finger slowly work its way into my pussy. I felt a prickly wave of electricity shoot through me as he licked and fingered me at the same time. My body shuddered with involuntary spasms.
