 Before I even get home, you call me, having awakened just as I closed the door. You ask me if we can meet up later, telling me that you need me more than I could know.

I respond by saying that I have a previous engagement like you had the night before, but I can talk to my friend whom I have plans with, and maybe they will either bow out or try to accompany us. You love the idea and ask that I let you know what is going on before noon, that way you can make sure that you will be ready.

My plans are with an old friend, an old female friend whom I have always wanted, but couldn't pick the right time to approach her about trying to see if things would work between us. I call her up and let her know that you need me tonight, and that I can either postpone our date, or she could come along with me to be with you who is in need. She really doesn't care if we postpone, but she really wants to see me, almost as if she has been pursuing me instead of me pursuing her.

I let her know that you are a woman who needs me to help her feel satisfied, and I ask her if she understands what I mean by that. She assures me that she knows what I am talking about, and that she needs me for the same thing, that she is so horny and wants me so bad that she would do what ever it would take to have me tonight.

With that I let her know that I need to call you back, that I need to make sure her coming along will not be a hindrance on any plans, then I immediately call you back, letting you know what the situation is.

You immediately let me know that I could bring the whole city, as long as the night ended with me deep inside of you. I agree and assure you that it will only be my friend and not the whole city at this moment, even though that sounds like fun as well.

I call my friend back and let her know that she needs to be ready by six, and that I will pick her up and we will go meet and greet and see what happens over at your house.

At six I arrive and pick up my friend, almost immediately she starts to rub my cock as I drive over to your house. Stopping only so that I can get out of the car, then starting back up as we walk to the door. I knock loudly, and immediately hear you yell back, "Come in!"

We both enter, with her hand rubbing my cock still, almost as if she is hoping to keep it all to herself the whole night.

We walk through the house to the main bedroom, where we both find you laying across the foot of the bed on your side with your head in your hand, completely naked. I am awestruck, I thought we would have a drink or two, just to loosen my friend up, but I was wrong. Almost immediately my friend walks straight up to the bed and kneels on the floor next to you, leaning over and licking your heavy breasts. My jaw drops and I slowly walk over.

It doesn't take too long for my friend to decide that you need the attention more than me, and she spreads your legs wide, burying her face between your creamy thighs. You look up at me, and motion for me to walk over to you, I am still shocked, but do as I assume you want me to do and walk over to you. You open my pants up and drop them quickly pull my cock straight to your lips. First you kiss it as you moan from my friends almost expert attention to your pussy, then you begin to lick and suck on the head, and then the same down the shaft to my balls which you suck on generously while moaning from your own pleasure that is happening just a couple of feet away. 

It isn't long before my friend has brought you to your first orgasm, and seems to want you to allow her to continue, but almost begs for her own attention, trying to pull away her own clothes as she continues to lick and suck away at your engorged clit. I try and help pull her clothes free, and she climbs up on the bed and straddles you, hoping that you will pay some attention to her magnificent pussy as it glistens right next to your face.

You stop sucking on my cock and start to lick away at her pussy, still stroking away with a free hand. I pull your hand away from my dick and I lean down and start to lick my friend's asshole as you lick and suck on her clit, she grinds her clit hard on your mouth and moans when I start. She begins to wiggle her ass back and forth as she fucks your face. I can hear the muffled moans as they escape from the both of you, almost like a musical that is reaching a climax.

I stand up and place my cock at the tight opening to her asshole, applying just enough force to ease it in slowly, a little bit at a time. She whimpers and moans, but she also pushes back as I push forward. You begin to pay more attention to sucking on my balls than to her pussy, but she doesn't seem to mind at all. It doesn't take to long for her to force herself on my cock so that it fills her ass completely.

I slowly start to fuck her ass as you begin to lick at my balls and my cock as it comes out of her ass. You seem to love the taste of her ass as much as she loves the taste of your pussy. The sight of you licking her asshole and my cock at the same time as I fuck her ass, oh my god it looks so great, especially as I see your face as you get closer to coming again. Soon I see you go wide eyed and feel you moan hard on my balls as you cum hard, squirting all over my friends face, almost drowning her as she continues to lick and suck on your clit, making sure you cum as hard and as long as possible.

My friend starts to cum as well, clamping down hard on my cock with her asshole, bringing myself to climax as well. Filling her asshole with my hot creamy sauce.

I try to pull away and go get cleaned up, but you grab me and start to pull me in as my friend starts to suck my half hard cock, loving how her own ass tastes mixed with my cum. You are busy licking away at her ass, making sure none of my creamy sauce does not go to waste, probing her asshole trying to lick out every last drop.

Her sucking my cock and seeing you eat her ass like you do, makes me hard and ready for more, only this time I have my friend lay flat on the bed while you straddle her face. First I allow you to suck on my cock in between me sticking it deep in her pussy, then I allow her to suck my cock in between me sticking it deep in your pussy, then I start to work my cock into your ass as she licks away at the head of my cock and at the tight opening of your asshole.

Before long I gain entrance, with you cooing as I slide it in deeper and deeper, inch by inch. She continues to lick away at your asshole and my cock as I start to work it deeply in and out of your tight asshole. I can her you moan deeply into her pussy as you continue to lick and suck away at her huge clit. 

The both of you are moaning hard and are ready to cum. You are riding her face and my cock like a champion horse-racer, as you lick and suck away at her clit. I can see in her eyes as I meet your ass with every thrust, that she can't hold back, your expert tongue working its magic better than she could have expected. I can se4e her eyes begin to roll back as she slacks off from licking and lapping away at your ass and pussy as well as my cock.

As she starts to cum, I feel your asshole tighten, almost like you are ready to cum yourself, so I start to fuck your tight asshole faster and harder, slapping my balls into your clit. Before too long I can feel my balls being drenched as you tighten up more. I can hear my friend below gasping for air as your cum almost drowns her. All of this puts me over the edge and I start to fill your ass with my hot creamy cum.

I pull away but you grab my cock and pull it straight to your lips as you begging to suck away on it. My friend is just as eager as you were, and begins to lick and probe your ass for any remnant cum that might be left over from me filling your ass up with it.

Soon without thought, the two of you start to take turns riding me as the other sits on my face and rides my tongue. Making sure that the two of you try to get every drop of cum out of me that the two of you can. When you notice that I am about to come for my third time, you climb off of me, and let my friend know that the geyser is about to erupt as you stroke me till I burst. The two of you almost fight for the creamy eruptions that just spurt out, vying for position as it comes back down. Licking at anything that looks like it could have been the remnant of cum, feeding hungrily as you both want more. 

It isn't long before the two of you start to take turns sucking my cock, wanting to make me hard again so I can bring forth more cum for the two of you to greedily enjoy. As you both tend to my cock, I start to finger each of you, one with one hand while using the other on the other. The both of you wiggle your way back so that all I see is your gaping assholes and wet pussies as the two of you take turns sucking my cock and sucking on my balls. It feels so great that it is unexplainable, but I want more than a blowjob, I want to fill one of you up with my creamy goo. 

The tag teaming that the two of you are doing just takes me over the edge and fast, it isn't long before "old faithful" starts to spurt all over your faces, forcing the two of you to lick it off of one another. The sight tells me that I will not sleep tonight, and that I will not be leaving any time soon, but that I will enjoy this evening, more than any other.

With that I gently grab the both of you by the hair and pull you both back gently and say, "I can see that I will be the appetizer, dinner, main course and dessert for the two of you this evening, so I am going to have to take a short breather and recuperate while getting a quick bite to eat to replenish my energy." Both of you nod with huge smiles, and then you gesture for me to go hit the kitchen while the two of you entertain one another. I get up and stroll away into the kitchen and leave the two of you to yourselves.