 Chapter 1 Finding Her

We see each other from across the room, our eyes catching one another's glances even though we both do not intend to be seen. I see her are want to immediately take her somewhere private, so that I can give her the loving that she so desperately needs and deserves. The only problem being the guy by her side, and the lack of opportunity to talk to her and convince her that she should be mine.

As she and her man order their dinner and make small talk, I devoutly stare whenever I see that she is not looking my way. Eyeing her up and down, soaking in her beauty like the summers sun.

Before too long she notices my constant gaze, and smiles back at me while her man is not looking. 

After a few minutes she excuses herself from their table and heads towards the restroom.

I coyly follow her, hoping to not be noticed.

As I round the corner just before the restrooms, a pair of hands reach out and grab me, pulling me close. She knew I was following her to the restrooms, it is exactly what she wanted and she was waiting for me.

She pulls me into the ladies room and pushes me into the very last stall, pulling the door shut and latching it.

I ask her coyly, "What about you man out there in the dining area?"

She replies, "That is an old friend who is just repaying a dinner treat that I gave him a while back. He knows I will not be back soon, and he is not worried about me, because he knows that I am in here with you."

Flabergasted, I respond, "You told him that you were going to do this?"

"Why of course I did, I didn't want him to worry and come looking for me." She responds.

With that I reach up and pull her close and start to kiss her hard on the mouth. While doing so she starts to undo the straps on her dress and lets the front fall down.

I pull back and gasp, "Oh my god! Are those real? I mean are they all natural?" I already knew the answer from the way they hung, just a little.

She replied, "I definitely didn't buy them!"

They are beautiful, I thought they were great from across a crowded room, but up close and personal I can see that they are truly magnificent. Beautiful DD breasts that sagged just a little with oblong areolas and rock hard nipples that look like they could cut glass.

She comments, "I saw the way you were looking at me from across the restaurant, and I knew you wanted to see them up close and personal. What you do with them is up to you."

With that I lean forward and start to lick the tips of her already erect nipples as she moans softly beneath me, then I start to suck on them as her moans get louder. Her breathing quickens, so I take it upon myself to finish undoing her dress till it drops to the floor, kissing, licking, and sucking as I follow it. She almost protests, but realizes that it would be of no use.

I work my way down over her soft belly and under to her waist, and I gasp, "No panties!"

She quickly replies that she slid them off at her table and tucked them away in her purse, expecting to just have her dress pulled up and let me have my way with her if it were to get that far.

I push her up against the back wall of the stall, help her spread her legs wide and just start to devour her meaty pussy that was already dripping wet in anticipation for what she knew was coming. She grabs the back of my head pulling me in harder, making sure that I am able to fully taste the salty sweet flavor of her wonton pussy. Before too long she props one leg up on my shoulder allowing me better access to my before dinner cocktail.

It isn't long before she starts to let out little screams of pleasure as she starts to orgasm, her body shaking, her juices squirting.

As she finishes coming, I raise my head up to hers and passionately kiss her on the mouth, allowing her to taste the cocktail I had just drank from her.

Then I release my hold on her head and quickly turn her around, dropping back down to my knees and spreading her legs wide. She gasps as she feels my tongue trace a line up her inner thigh to her sweet pussy. I give it a good licking, then I stand up and drop my trousers, grab her waist with one hand and direct my rock hard cock with the other straight to her sopping wet pussy lips from behind. As soon as I am satisfied that I will be making my mark, I slam my cock in hard till my lap slaps her beautifully full ass. She lets out a scream of pleasure, and wiggles back onto my lap making sure that every bit is deep inside of her tight wet pussy.

I grab her waist with both hands, and start to fuck her hard from behind, the sound of her ass slapping my balls echoing throughout the restroom. She moans and screams in pleasure. Before long we both cum, and I pull her close and start to kiss her more. 

Before too long we hear the panting of some other woman a few stalls down, our trist lit a fire in her loins and she really needed to take care of it. When she was done pleasing herself she opens her stall door, walks over to the sink and washes her hands. As she leaves she calls out, "You really should get a hotel room, but that is just so you have some privacy, cause it sounds like you need to continue some more. Thank you for showing me that spontaneity is still hot!" Then she walks out the door.

We gather up our clothes and redress, we exchange phone numbers, and talk about maybe getting a room for the night after we finish our dinners and she ditches her friend. Then we exit out of the restroom to our respective tables. The whole time I am at my table, I stare over at her, admiring her beauty. There is not a thing wrong with the way she looks even though she is bigger than the next woman. I think she is way more sexy than any other woman in the restaurant, and hopefully I will be able to finish the night out strong, deep inside of my BBW.