 Chapter 2 Later That Night

I finish my dinner first and pay my bill, leaving a large tip, feeling that my waitress in some minute way influenced my meeting of this beautiful Goddess that I desire, and I walk out to my car.

As I begin to open my car door she appears from within the restaurant alone and calls out to me, asking what I had planned for the rest of my night. I inform her that I have no plans that could not be easily broken, even though my plans are just to return home and dream sweet dreams of her.

She asks if I could give her a ride home, maybe have a drink with her, and I openly show my enthusiasm by opening the passenger's door and take her by the arm escorting her inside.

As we drive off she directs me where to turn and when to turn while having her hand on my lap rubbing what was but is no longer a soft spot between my legs. Leaning over kissing my neck and sucking on my earlobe, as the bulge grows larger.

We arrive at her place, me opening her door for her then escorting her to the door to her place, anxious of what awaits inside. She asks me in and offers me a drink, but I tell her that alcohol is something that I have no interest in at the moment, so she offers me some coffee, which I accept.

As she prepares the coffee I stare intuitively at her, admiring her every curve, then she excuses herself to go freshen up.

She returns as the coffee is finished brewing, having changed into an ultra sexy teddy that shows me vaguely all that I desire. She pours two cups and brings them over with a small sugar bowl and some creamer on a tray, and places them in front of me on the coffee table in front of me, while bending over at the waist with her big beautiful ass staring at me. Without thinking I reach up and grab her, pulling her into my lap, brushing her hair away from her neck I start to kiss her neck, licking and sucking. My hands roam to her massive breasts and start to grope them softly as she starts to rock back in forth grinding her wonderful ass into my lap.

I then turn her to face me, and she stands up momentarily to straddle me, and we kiss long and hard until I turn and roll her flat on the couch next to me, still hungrily kissing her. Then I start to kiss my way down, slowly removing each piece of her lingerie one at a time till she is just lying there in all of her glory, shaking and waiting for what I might do next.

I take a long hard look at the beauty that lies in front of me and start kissing her some more, allowing one hand to wander down to her hot wet lips, parting them gently and tracing them with my fingers, showing her what I want so bad, her breathing quickening and being rhythmic, I know it is time to proceed with giving her what she desires. So I start to redirect my kisses from her mouth down her neck, along her shoulders, down the outside of her one arm then back up the inside, across the top of her chest and down through her cleavage, back up onto each breast seeking out her nipples to suck on momentarily, then back down her cleavage over her belly, licking and kissing the whole way. Then I start to kiss my way around her waist and down the outside of her thigh to her knee, down the front of her shin to her ankle, along her ankle to her foot, across the top of her foot to her toes, then I kiss and suck gently on each toe watching her reaction, seeing that she likes it, I grab her other foot and start doing the same there. Then I retrace my way back to my original goal by kissing and licking my way up her calf to the back of her knee, then from the back of her knee to the inner portion of her thigh, all the way up to where her thigh meets with her now overly hot and wet pussy, now dripping wet and begging to be attended to.

Her breathing is heavy, sweat has started to form, beading up all over. I lower my face to her sweet nectarous flower rhythmically licking in circles around her clit. Her legs cross behind my head, locking me in place as her hands grab the back of my head and pull me deeper into her. I can feel her body start to shiver, like a small earthquake it moves, but I do not stop. Her breathing still heavy and rhythmic, she starts to moan a little without knowing it, as I still lick at her erect clit in circles coinciding with her breathing. Soon she erupts, squirting her juice in my face as I continue to lick in circles on her clit, as she pulls me in tighter with her hands and her legs. I do not stop licking till her body loosens up, then I climb up and kiss her deeply, and ask her if she wanted me to continue or move on to something different.

As she kisses me and tries to catch her breath, she tells me to do whatever I want that she trusts that I will not do anything that will not please her, so I stand up and pull her to the edge of the couch and have her lean forward onto it while kneeling on the floor. I crouch down behind her, pull her ass cheeks wide and start to lick at her from behind while I slowly massage her clit with my fingers, ever so gently. I lick away, sucking and kissing, but mainly licking at her tight brown hole. Even lightly penetrating it with my tongue, tasting her in new ways, enjoying the taboo of what is going on, as she breathes heavier and heavier. I even start to slowly insert one finger, working it slowly in and out, making sure that I lick away at the same time to ensure that it maintains its lubrication. After some time she is moaning loudly, as her body begins to tighten and shiver, she reaches back and pulls my face deeper into her perfect ass.

That was all the she needed, her body tightens up and begins to shake hard, her pussy squirting hard into my hand as I continue to slowly and gently massage her clit and lick hard on her asshole, only stopping when I know she is no longer orgasming. I turn her over and start to lightly suck on her ever so hard nipples, as she scrambles to remove my clothes, I know what she wants, and it is the same as what I want. Soon she has removed all of my clothing and latches onto my throbbing cock, stroking it with the same speed that my heart beats, so I move forward and allow her to position it at the opening to her drenched pussy, easing it deep inside of her. Not to be cliché, but it is a perfect fit.

She spreads her legs wide to allow me to penetrate as deep as I can, sliding it in and out slowly, rhythmically with her breathing, only speeding up as her heart starts to, holding tightly onto her beautiful hips. She is moaning, and I take this as a sign to please her with a surprise, so I start to slam hard into her every fifth thrust, causing her to gasp at first, with her face showing the surprise and gratitude each time. Her gasps begin to turn into light screams of pleasure, as she feels me fill her up with each stroke. Soon I am close to my breaking point and I know that I will be coming soon, so I start to slam hard with every thrust, feeling her tighten up around me each time, till she can't loosen up her grip at all. She is coming as am I, her tight wet pussy milking every drop out of me, refusing to let go till it has had all that it can extract and then some. I continue to slam hard, deep inside her even after I have finished coming myself, her pussy tightening around my cock has allowed me to stay hard till it releases its grip, and I take full advantage of it by making sure that she lasts as long as possible.

When she finishes coming, I pull out limp and energy-less, and lay down on top of her. Holding her, thinking that I could enjoy being hers to enjoy, when ever or where ever she chose. She places her hand on my face and pulls it close to her own and starts to kiss me, the passion is great, almost so that one could confuse the passion for love, but I will not, not till I know for sure that what we have is more than just a lustful abandon for one another. Before too long she suggests that we move from the confined couch to her spacious bed, which I complied and held her close as we walked to the bedroom.

Upon entering the bedroom I release my grip long enough to swing you around to face me, and I start to kiss you hard on the mouth, slowly escorting you to the bed, then laying you down on it while continuing to stand. She has a pouty look on her face, and I immediately inform her that I just want to stare at her beautiful body for a moment before I climb in with her. I gaze at her, taking in how each curve accentuates another, causing my eyes to stare harder, even enough to prevent me from blinking. I steal my gaze and climb in next to her, start kissing her and ask what she wants me to do to her, with her replying that she loves it from behind.

So I grab her hand and ask her to stand, then I turn her around, lightly pushing her face towards the top of the bed, I back up and kneel behind her and start to lick away at her dripping wet pussy, making sure that it is lubricated well enough to perform the requested task, but not too lubricated that would cause continual slippage and ruin the mood. I also make sure to lick her asshole some more, to make sure that I have her attention. Then I stand up and grab my cock in one hand, her waist with the other, and position it at the opening of her tight pussy. I ask her if she is ready, and she starts to plead with me to hurry, that she needs it in her so badly, so I slam it right in, all the way, my balls slapping her clit. She lets out a little scream of pleasure then starts to reach down and grab at my balls, massaging them a moment then redirects her attention to her swollen clit.

I work my cock in and out slowly, almost pulling out completely with each stroke, slowly speeding up my pace as she does hers. I massage and spread apart her ass cheeks while holding on tight to her hips and waist. Soon she is moaning loud, asking me in a cute sexy voice if I like her tight juicy pussy, inspiring me to slam my cock hard and deep inside her on several occasions, forcing her to let out louder screams of pleasure. It doesn't take long for us both to reach climax, with me grunting with each thrust, as she screams out wildly.

We both are exhausted, but wanting more, so we climb up into the bed, place all the pillows at the headboard, stacked neatly to form a light incline, placing her on the pillows, I climb in between her legs, placing her ankles on my shoulders. I penetrate and go straight to raw hardcore fucking her, almost folding her in half as I pound away at her tight wet pussy that is red and raw, but still craving more and more. I thrust hard and deep with each stroke, almost knocking the wind out of her lungs with each thrust, her beautiful breasts just bouncing away to the rhythm of my unending thrusts. She is screaming with each and every thrust, asking for more, wanting me to go deeper, to pound harder, to make her cum.

I give her what she asks for; she comes hard, squirting hard on me as I continue to pump away. As her orgasm finishes, she asks if I came, and I shake my head a resounding no as I continue to pound away. She has a look on her face of surprise, and confusion. I stop momentarily, then I roll her on her side, lifting her leg high in the air as I straddle her other leg and insert my hard throbbing cock inside her, gently placing her leg on my shoulder. I pump away hard reaching deeper inside than she has felt before, causing her to cum again and again. Feeling her tight pussy tighten on my cock makes me finally cum after she had came several times, burying my cock deep to fill her pussy up with my cream. 

I fall down beside her, almost straight to sleep, holding her tight. 

We both awaken a little while later, kiss and I get dressed to leave. She writes down another phone number and gives it to me, telling me I had better call and get in touch with her soon, that she needed to feel me deep inside again, even if it was only one last time. I let her know that she will definitely receive a call from me soon, that all she needs to do is wait. We kiss some more as she leads me to the door, almost not letting go of me as I walk out the front door.

She watches me go to my car. I get in and stare back, thinking of the possibilities that await, my BBW love goddess, wanting more of me, as much as I want more of her.