 I stretched my arms high above my head, pulling at the warm muscles trying to stretch them out and get them ready for the game ahead. I could feel my tight muscles loosening and I felt pretty good about the game ahead. My high school softball team was playing our county rivals today for the district championship. As a senior, and 18 years old, I knew there would be scouts at the game today watching, picking and choosing which players would be good enough to play on their college teams. My gut tightened at this thought. A lot was at stake. 

I glanced over at the adjacent baseball field and smiled. Our boy's baseball team was also playing to be district champs today. Our school had had an amazing athletic year. I could see the boys warming up and exercising and my gaze immediately was attracted to my boyfriend since eighth grade, Tucker Grobin. He was the starting third baseman for the boys team, I was the starting catcher. We were both team captains this year, and everyone thought us the perfect couple. We weren't perfect, of course, but neither of us would trade our relationship for anything in the world. He was 18 as well, and 5 years of being together made us inseparable.

"BALLS IN COMING DOWNN" I heard our rival's catcher yell, signaling the end of their practice and that the game was about to begin. I finished putting on my chest protector and walked onto the field, tugging on my helmet as I went. Katie, my best friend, and the pitcher for our team was right behind me and we began throwing warm-up pitches. 

By the bottom of the seventh inning the score was 12-12, tied. If we didn't score now it would go into overtime. The sun was beating down fiercely and I was soaked with sweat. I glanced over at the boy's field and noticed that our team was winning by six over there, and their game was almost over. This excited me. I was on deck to bat so I hurriedly threw off my gear, and pulled on my batting helmet. Just as I was stepping up to plate after Gina got walked, I saw our boys rush to the girl's field, whooping, hollering and cheering. I guessed they had won and were coming to watch our game. This gave me the extra urge I needed to finish this game off right. 

I stepped into the batter's box, aware of Tucker's intense green gaze on my back. I took a few practice swing and settled into my stance, one that Tucker has help me to perfect. The opposing team's pitcher was not my favorite person in the world. She knew I was a power hitter, and her and I had had words before over her attitude on the field. I didn't appreciate anyone who couldn't act civilized on the field, and sometimes she just couldn't control her temper. She pitched me two balls, that I knew were balls on purpose and then another pitch. This pitch was clearly a ball as well, except instead of going to the outside and low, it came in high and to the inside. Right at my shoulder. The ball struck by back as I turned with a loud thud. Pain racked through my body as I heard fans, players, coached and the baseball team alike start booing and shouting. I dropped my bat and rolled my shoulder some. I could feel it getting tight already and flexed some to work out the stiffness. 

Deciding to ignore the pain, I glared at the pitcher and jogged to first base, which advanced Gina to second. Our assistant coach, Miles, noticed my pinched face and asked if I was ok as I got to first. I nodded and readied myself to run. Gina was the second fastest player on our team, next to me of course. We always doubled up on stealing bases during games, which we did now. Unfortunately, the catcher was fast and picked Gina off at third, but I managed to get to second. There was only one out and I was feeling confident, despite the fierce pain in my shoulder. I managed to advance to third base, barely beating the catcher's throw, and the crowd went wild. All I needed was for Hailey to get a hit, of any kind, and I could be home to win the game. My shoulder was killing me but I was determined to go out of my high school career with a bang. Hailey settled into the box and readied herself. I saw the pitch coming, it was low and outside, and Hailey swung. The bat connected with the ball, not a great hit, just a pop fly to shallow right field. I knew I would really have to book it to get to home before the ball did. As the ball entered the outfielder's glove, I tagged the base and bolted. 

I could feel my cleats churning up dirt as I sprinted towards home. The screams and cheers were deafening and I saw the catcher line herself up between me and the bag. As I approached the plate I flung myself down into a slide, and felt my shoulder connect with her leg as my own leg hit the base. Dust flew everywhere and I felt the catcher tag my shoulder. I waited with baited breath for the ump's call.

"SAFE!" And, as they say, the crowd went wild. I don't mean crazy, I mean absolutely INSANE. Fans, coaches, and players alike rushed the field. My eyes were looking for one person, and one person only. Tucker. 

I saw him sauntering across the field towards me and a grin broke out on my face at the sight of him. He was filthy, streaked in dirt, grass stains all over his pants, and black war paint smudged beneath his eyes, but he was gorgeous. His tall, muscled frame had a grace to it as he walked, that could stop a girl's heart. Some people took the way he walked to be a form of cockiness but I knew it was just the way his body moved. His piercing, grass green, eyes locked on mine and I could see the glowing happiness that today had provided us both in them. As I approached him he immediately engulfed me in a tight embrace, kissing my hair softly. Compared to the pandemonium around us, we probably looked like statues, standing their hugging. 

Tucker's hands brushed my shoulder and I winced. It still hurt pretty bad, but I knew it would just be a nasty bruise. Tucker noticed and immediately released my shoulders, but not my hand. We approached the spot where the boys and girls teams were converged, celebrating. Sodas sprayed everywhere, soaking us. After recapping the day's events with out teammates Tucker tugged on my hand.

"C'mon babe, lets get out of here" he said into my ear and I agreed. After gathering our equipment Tucker and I walked to his truck. I had rode with him to school that morning, just like every other morning. Tucker flung his own bag, as well as mine, into the bed of the truck. He had insisted on carrying it for me, yeah, he was pretty much always a gentleman. 

I pulled myself up into his jacked up truck and leaned my head back against the seat, enjoying the AC that immediately came on when Tucker's truck rumbled to life. Tucker's hand immediately entwined with mine on the console between us, and he didn't let go until we reached my house. My parents were out on some month long trip, like they did quite often, and Tucker was basically living with me until they got back.

"Wanna get a shower first?" he asked as we walked inside. I shook my head no. I had something better in mind. "Lets both get one" I said with a sly smile as I led the way to bathroom. Once in there I turned and watched as Tucker came in too, with a smug grin on his gorgeous face. My tummy tumbled as I took in the man that was mine. His short dark blonde hair was sticking up a bit as he pulled his hat off and laid it on the counter. 

I walked slowly up to him and undid the top few buttons of his jersey, which he then pulled over his head, leaving him in his Under Armour shirt, which molded to his well defined chest like a second skin. I reached forward and pulled that off as well, leaving his incredible chest and arms bare. I stepped forward and pressed my chest to his as I ran my fingers lightly down his large biceps. His muscles flexed beneath my fingers and he chuckled softly, murmuring "that tickles". I laughed and leaned up, pressing my lips to his. His arms snaked around my waist as he deepened the kiss, letting our tongues tangle together. I could taste sunflower seeds in his kiss, and knew he had been eating them during the games as he always did. After a few seconds I broke the kiss and moved my mouth lower, to his jaw, then his throat, his neck, the crook between his neck and shoulder, his chest.... I flicked my tongue out against his flat nipple and smiled as he shuddered slightly beneath my mouth. Slowly, I moved my mouth even farther south, tracing the contours of his pecs and abs with my tongue as I went. Soon I was down on my knees in front of him, with his groin in front of my face. I smiled as I felt Tucker's hand tracing my cheek and running through my hair, pulling it out of its ponytail. Slowly, I undid his uniform pants and slid them down, along with everything, revealing his hardening member. 

My mouth watered at the thought of tasting him and I smiled up at him before running my tongue along the shaft of his dick. I felt it jump against my tongue and heard a small groan hiss through Tucker's lips. Slowly, I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock and began to suck, moving my mouth slowly up and down the shaft, wetting it with my saliva. Tucker's fingers fisted in my hair as I sucked and he began to pump his hips towards my mouth, holding my head still as he did. I felt my pussy grow soaked. I loved it when Tucker took charge like this. He tasted amazing, always did. I could faintly taste a clean, masculine sweat form when he had played ball. It was salty, but not unpleasant at all.

I felt a slight tug on my hair and released him from my mouth. "Get up baby, you're wearing way too much," Tucker said and I stood. Slowly, Tucker undressed me until I was completely naked in front of him. My nipples were hard little buds and Tucker reached out and tugged them gently, drawing a moan from my mouth. He reached down and slid two fingers into my already sopping wet cunt. A smile crossed his lips as he encountered the complete wetness. "Giving head always did make you horny as hell.." he murmured as he kissed my lips. His fingers slid from my body, drawing a moan of protest as he turned to switch on the hot water for a shower. A few moments later he dragged me into the shower with him and I felt my body instantly relax as the hot water pounded down on me. Tucker seemed to relax as well and a lazy smile crossed his face.

He reached up and grabbed a bar of soap, slicking up his hands before running them lazily over my entire body. He soaped up my neck, tits, nipples, stomach, thighs, calves and then back up to my pussy where he washed it as well. By the time he was done cleaning me my knees were weak with wanting. I leaned against the shower wall and pulled him to me where I then did the same thing to him, making sure to get his hard, throbbing cock really clean. My small hand gripped his cock and slowly slid up and down the soapy length of it. Tucker's abs rippled when he moaned and his hips bucked slightly. 

"Turn around and bend over" Tucker said softly, but firmly in my ear and I immediately did as he asked. I felt the head of his large member press against my hole and whimpered in need. Chuckling softly, Tucker pressed into me, inch my agonizing inch. Finally, after what seemed like hours, he was in me to the hilt. I could feel his balls pressed against my body and moaned softly. Tucker began a slow rhythm of in and out, each time bringing his cock nearly out of my pussy before pressing back in, harder than the last. The tempo increased as well until his balls were smacking my thigh with every thrust and his cock head was bumping my cervix. Tucker's one hand was on the small of my back holding me bent over and his other hand tangled in my hair, pulling my head back some. I couldn't hold back the moans as I felt my pussy contract around him. My first orgasm washed over me and I screamed his name as I came. I felt Tucker slow his rhythm some and he let go of my hair. 

Tucker's cock pulled from my pussy with an audible slurp. I whimpered in protest, wanting more. I felt his fingers in my cunt then, pulling some juices out when they came out. I then felt his finger circling the rim of my small bud of an asshole. Tucker was an ass man, and has always wanted to try anal with me, but I was so tight we had never gotten farther than two fingers in there. I moaned as I felt the tip of his middle finger poke into my ass. My hole clenched tight trying to expel the foreign object but I forced myself to relax, as Tucker had taught me to do. His finger slid more easily into me then, up to past his second knuckle, and I could feel him wiggle it inside of me, drawing a moan from me. Soon, another finger joined his middle one and I felt my asshole grow a little less tight. 

Tucker leaned forward and kissed the back of my neck as his two fingers were in my ass. "Babe, we're gonna try to get my cock into you, right here in the shower," he said. It wasn't a request, more of a demand. He knew I would go along with whatever he wanted and I knew in return, he would never hurt me. I nodded my head and smiled up at him, and he kissed my lips softly. 

I felt him press his cock back into my pussy, lubing it up, I assumed as he pulled it right back out. I then felt the blunt head of his cock press against my tiny rosebud. A whimper of fear escaped my mouth, his head felt so huge compared to his finger... "Shh, easy babe, relax. I promise, I wont hurt you" Tucker whisper as his fingers stroked my lower back trying to help me relax. It worked a bit, and I felt the head of his cock start to slide in. The pain was intense, but there was a measure of pleasure to it as well. Tucker stilled himself and I turned to see his rugged face tense with the act of not moving. "Let yourself adjust babe," he ground out. "God, its so tight..." he almost whimpered this. I felt the pain of the invasion in my ass start to lessen and moved my hips experimentally. Tucker growled lowly in his throat at the motion and I smiled as I slowly pressed against him, forcing his cock in deeper into my ass. 

Tucker's fingers bit into my hips as I moved on him. I felt like I might have bruises there the next day, he was squeezing me so tight. The pain was nearly gone now, pleasure replacing it, and I began to move faster on his cock. My asshole was like a tight fitting glove around his cock and I could feel him pulsing inside of me. "Oh god, baby, baby don't stop moving..." Tucker ground out between his clenched teeth and I could see the vein in his neck throb. I moved a bit faster and Tucker moaned out my name, right before I felt his body jerk a bit and a hot stream of liquid splash against my inner walls. I cried out softly at the hot liquid touching my sensitive inner ass, but it felt amazing. I reached down to touch my clit and with one touch was rocketed over the edge into the most amazing climax I had ever had. 

After a few moments, Tucker released my body, and slowly slid his deflating cock from my ass, I stood up gingerly and turned to face him, a brilliant smile lit his face. He tugged my towards him, careful to avoid my injured shoulder and kissed me full on the lips. "Mmmm baby, I ALWAYS knew you were an amazing "catcher" he said with a laugh as he kissed me again. I sighed and kissed him back, wrapping my arms around his lean waist. How could I ask for anything more?