 Welcome to the final part of this ongoing series. I will warn you in advance that there is some very disturbing subject matter in this story. As always, any similarities to anything you may have seen or heard before is a complete accident.

*****

I was awake in the darkness.

I knew that I was jolted awake by a disturbing dream, but the details didn't stay with me. I groaned. I was really hoping for a good night's sleep, and here I was awake in the middle of the night. My heart was racing, and I knew it was going to take a while to fall back to sleep. I was momentarily startled when I heard soft breathing to the right of me, and then I remembered that Emily was in the bed with us. The memories of the previous night flooded back to me again, the revelation of what Lisa did in college. I pushed those thoughts away. I didn't want to think about that now. I wanted to sleep.

I rolled over, slowly and carefully so as not to disturb anyone. Lisa was such a sound sleeper nothing would bother her, I was thinking to myself. All the nights that I tossed and turned she never woke up. I finished rolling over and peeked out of my sleepy eyelids. Then I opened my eyes wide. Lisa wasn't there.

I was wide awake now, partially amazed and partially nervous. The only time Lisa would ever be awake in the middle of the night was if she was sick. I peered toward the bathroom. The door was open. She wasn't in there. Curiosity was overwhelming me. I carefully rolled out of the bed across Lisa's vacated left side and crept out of the bedroom.

I found Lisa in the kitchen, staring out of the window behind the sink. The clouds from the storm must have passed, because the moonlight shined in through the window and illuminated Lisa's face. I hesitated at the entrance to the kitchen. What do I do? Do I talk to her? Do I comfort her? Lisa never really looked to me for comfort. At first I believed it was because she was a strong woman, but lately I had come to realize it was a sign of a troubled marriage. We were supposed to share everything and get through things together. Instead there was so much about her I didn't know. So much she kept to herself.

I shook off my apprehension. Lisa was my wife, and I would be there for her. "Lisa," I said softly, afraid that I was going to startle her. She didn't respond. "Lisa," I said again, a little louder. She still didn't acknowledge me. I took a couple of silent steps forward into the kitchen. I was barely ten feet away from her now, standing by her left side. I could see the side of her face. She was indeed just staring out into the darkness. She looked utterly catatonic. I didn't even see her blinking. I waited beside her for a few minutes, hoping she would show some sign of recognition. 

I started to get the creeps. I decided that I didn't want to break her out of whatever trance she was in. Slowly I turned and crept out of the kitchen and back into the bedroom, climbing back into bed beside Emily. I found that I was shaking, even though it was a warm and humid night. Calm down, I thought to myself. You're overreacting. I started breathing deeply to calm myself down. It was something I read about that was supposed to combat sleeplessness. Eventually I felt myself relax, and start to doze. At some point I felt Lisa climb back into bed beside me, but I wasn't sure if I had been sleeping before then or not. I pretended that I was sleeping and didn't know she was awake. I quickly drifted off again.

The next time I woke up it was morning. The birds were singing, and the sun was shining through the bedroom window. I was facing Lisa's side of the bed. She was still there, in the same position she always slept in, still as a statue. The other side of the bed was empty now. I climbed out of bed and went to find Emily. I found her in the living room, still in her nightgown. She was looking at mine and Lisa's wedding photos.

"Hey pal," Emily said when she saw me.

"Hey yourself," I replied. "Whatcha doin'?"

"Just... remembering," Emily said. "You had such a nice wedding."

"You sure you're remembering?" I asked playfully. "I seem to remember you getting pretty drunk."

"Well, open bar," Emily said with a shrug. "Lisa was a beautiful bride."

"Yeah," I said. "You were an excellent best man."

"Best woman," Emily corrected me. "I did rock that tuxedo though."

I chuckled. "Lisa's family was so annoyed with me for having a female best man. It's not traditional, they said."

"Fuck them," Emily said a little loudly, and I quickly shushed her. "If I realized then how badly they screwed that poor girl up," Emily added more softly, and then she paused. "When is your next family barbecue?"

"Stop it," I said. "You're not going to say anything."

"Fine," Emily mock pouted. She had finished going through the album, and she hopped off the sofa and put it back on the shelf. She sat back down next to me and put her hand on my knee. "I'm horny," she whispered in my ear, and giggled.

"Emily," I said, and sighed. I thought about telling her about seeing Lisa staring out of the window in the middle of the night, but I thought better of it. "Not now," I said.

It was Emily's turn to sigh. "Well I'm also hungry," she said, "How about breakfast instead?"

I smiled at her. "Waffle time?"

Emily smiled back. "Waffle time," she said.

I made the waffles and we ate in silence. We were both probably thinking about the previous Sunday, when Lisa came into the kitchen and she and Emily got into a food fight. I was thinking about them, rolling around on the floor covered in food, their night shirts riding up, and I felt myself growing hard. I squirmed in my seat.

Emily seemed to notice my arousal. I felt her bare foot sliding its way up my leg and settling into my crotch. She pressed her foot against my erection through my boxers. She winked at me as she chewed on her waffle. I started eating faster.

We finished eating and put the dishes in the sink. "Thank you for breakfast," Emily said, and she pressed herself against me and kissed me. She rubbed herself against my groin, although with our height difference my dick was pressing more against her stomach than her crotch. Emily grabbed my hand and led me out of the kitchen and into the spare bedroom. "Shall we shag now or shag later?" Emily said in her best Austin Powers accent.

"Shag now," I said, pushing aside whatever apprehension I had about Lisa. Emily guided me to the spare bed and pushed me down onto it. She grabbed my boxers and pulled them off of me. She pulled her nightgown up and off of her, and we were both naked. She climbed onto the bed and took hold of my dick, stroking it until it was fully hard. Then she moved until she was straddling me, easing herself down until the head of my cock was at the entrance to her pussy. She gasped as the head of my cock pushed through the opening. I watched her slowly slide down until I was almost all of the way inside her, marveling at how she was doing it with no foreplay. 

"You make me so wet," Emily whispered as if she was reading my mind. "I love the feeling of you inside me." Emily bottomed out and started to slowly move herself up and down. I reached up and took hold of her small breasts, squeezing them and pinching her nipples. Emily gasped and started to move herself faster. I started to get more stimulated and began pushing upwards into her as she came down. "Yes..." Emily whispered.

Our joint thrusts became faster and faster. The sounds of both of us grunting and moaning with the effort mixed with the sounds of our bodies slapping together. Emily suddenly stopped thrusting and started rolling her hips, holding me deep inside her. I felt her pressing the walls of her pussy against me, stimulating her G spot. Emily's eyes were closed, and they flew open. She gasped and her hips started jerking. I realized she was orgasming.

The stimulation of her squeezing my cock inside of her was too much for me. I felt myself go over the edge, and now I was grunting and thrusting into her, pumping spurts of cum deep into her pussy. I felt a rush of fluid as our combined orgasms lubricated Emily's pussy.

My orgasm subsided but Emily was still gasping and jerking her hips. I watched her go on for another ten seconds, and then she collapsed against me. "Oh my God, that was so good," Emily whispered in my ear. "I think I may have squirted again."

"Good morning," I heard from the doorway. I looked up and Emily turned around. Lisa was standing there with her arms folded. I stared at her, trying to read her expression and her body language. Was she upset?

"Hi," Emily said, "How are you doing?"

"I'm fine," Lisa said. "You two got off to an early start," she added. To my surprise, she didn't sound angry. She sounded almost cheerful.

"Sure did," Emily said flippantly. "Care to join us?"

"No thanks," Lisa said, "I'm going to go shower and eat breakfast. Joe, don't forget to clean up the kitchen."

"Yes dear," I mumbled. I watched her turn and head back toward the master bedroom. "Did that seem weird to you?" I said to Emily when Lisa was gone.

"I guess she's finally coming around," Emily said, "Accepting the two of us sharing each other."

"I guess you're right," I said. Emily put her head on my chest and was idly playing with my chest hairs. I stared at the ceiling. Something about Lisa didn't seem right. Maybe later on after Emily left I would try to talk to her.

We lay quietly like that for a long time. Eventually Emily moved and my now flaccid penis fell out of her with a wet plop. "Wow, what a mess!" Emily exclaimed, indicating all of the fluids that were now leaking out of her, and giggled. "We should shower too, if Lisa doesn't use up all the hot water."

"Yeah," I said, and started sliding out from under her. Emily grabbed me and kissed me as I moved away. I broke the kiss. "I need to clean up the kitchen," I said.

"Okay," Emily said. "Meet me in the shower."

I walked gingerly into the kitchen, careful not to drip any of the fluids that covered my groin onto the floor. I took the dishes and threw them all in the sink, and put all of the ingredients away. I walked back into the guest bathroom. Emily was already in the shower and I joined her. Emily kissed me again as I joined her under the water. We showered quickly and with a minimum of groping and fondling. The water was indeed getting cold, and we hurried to rinse off and get out of the shower.

Emily got dressed in a t-shirt and shorts that she took out of her bag. I went to the master bedroom and dressed in a fresh t-shirt and shorts as well. Lisa was in the kitchen eating breakfast. I noted it was odd that I was able to get into the master bedroom. When Lisa caught me and Emily in bed together I was sure she was going to lock herself into the master bedroom again. Maybe she was indeed starting to come around.

Emily was waiting for me as I came out of the bedroom. "So, what are we doing today?" She asked.

"Well, actually I have a bit of shopping to do," I said. "I need to buy a new pair of sneakers. The last pair got ruined somehow."

Emily laughed. "You're lucky you just lost your sneakers. I lost my favorite sundress."

"I'll buy you a new one," I said quickly. "It's the least I can do," I added, before she could protest.

"Fine," Emily said. "When did you want to go?"

"Let's go now," I said. "We have a couple of hours until the Cards game starts."

"Okay," Emily said, and we went into the kitchen where Lisa was eating her cereal. I noted she didn't have her iPad with her. She usually read while she ate breakfast. "We're just going to go shopping for a bit," I said.

"Do you want to come with us?" Emily asked.

At first Lisa didn't respond. It looked like she didn't even hear us. Then suddenly she turned toward us. "No thanks," Lisa said, "I have some work to do."

"A teacher's work is never done, huh?" Emily said.

"No," Lisa said. She was already staring back off toward the window.

"Okay, well, see you later then," Emily said, and we turned and left the house.

It was a 15 minute drive to the nearest mall. We didn't say much to each other. I was still thinking about Lisa's odd behavior, but I didn't want to keep bringing it up with Emily. Emily's favorite Shania Twain song came on and she sung along at the top of her lungs. Emily always seemed to be having a good time.

I hate shopping. We went for sneakers first and I was grateful that the first pair of white sneakers I tried on fit me. Emily then led me to Old Navy where she took her sweet time browsing through seemingly endless racks of sundresses. I started to get antsy.

"Would you like to take my purse and wait on one of the benches outside?" Emily asked sweetly.

Ugh. I didn't want to be THAT guy. Lisa never asked me to go shopping with her, so I never had to sit or stand around while she looked for clothes or whatever. "I'm fine," I said through gritted teeth.

Emily finally pulled a dress off one of the racks. "I'm going to try this one on," she said. I followed her over to the changing rooms. Emily was looking all around. When we got to the entrance she turned and gestured to me. "Come on," she hissed. I looked around. It was early and the store was nearly empty. Even the employees were nowhere in sight. I felt a surge of anxiety. What if someone caught us? What if it was someone we knew? Emily reached back and grabbed a pair of pants on a nearby rack. "Carry these. It'll look like you're trying something on too."

I wasn't sure how well her plan would work, especially since this was the woman's dressing room. The pants she handed me were women's pants, and nowhere near my size. If I was caught I would either look like an idiot or a pervert. I still didn't move, and Emily grabbed my arm, still glancing around the store, and dragged me into the changing rooms with her. She pulled me down the narrow hall until we reached the last stall. She pulled me inside and shut the door.

"Relax," Emily snapped at me. She started pulling off her shoes. "I didn't bring you back in here to have sex or anything." She pulled her shorts down. "I just want your honest opinion." She pulled her t-shirt over her head. She was wearing a conservative looking white bra and panties set. She took the dress and stepped into it, pulling it up her body and hooked the straps around her shoulders. She turned around. "Zip me up," she said.

I obliged, zipping the dress up her back. Emily spun in place, watching herself in the mirror. It looked similar to the dress she was wearing on the day of the mud fight last week, except that it was blue. "Well, what do you think?" Emily asked, still admiring herself in the mirror, smoothing the dress out along her stomach with her hands.

"Very nice," I said, and I meant it.

Emily suddenly pressed me up against the wall and kissed me. She pushed me against the shoddy changing room wall which started shaking and made quite a racket, and I found myself listening intently for the sound of anyone approaching. I felt her hands roaming toward my crotch, and I grabbed her firmly by the shoulders and I pushed her away. "Not here," I whispered harshly.

"You're no fun," Emily pouted. "You only want to have public sex in the privacy of your own backyard."

I was flustered, and I struggled to explain myself to Emily. "Consequences," I stammered out. "If we're caught there'll be consequences."

Emily sighed. "Fine," she said, "I just wanted to get you to live a little. Take some chances."

"I've done more in the last two weeks than I ever thought I would," I said. "But there are some lines we shouldn't cross."

"If you say so," Emily said, turning her back to me. I instinctively unzipped the dress for her, and she started pulling it off. "You should put those pants back," she said, gesturing to the pair of women's pants I was clutching tightly in my hand, "You'd look like an idiot in them."

I turned and opened the changing room door. I crept out of the room, listening for the sound of anyone nearby. I didn't hear anyone. I left the changing area and dropped the pants in a pile of clothes as casually as I could.

Emily emerged a minute later, holding the sundress out to me on the hangar. "Thank you," she said like a 5 year old who just got me to buy them a toy.

I couldn't help but smile at her. I took the dress and went to pay for it. We left the store. "Is there anything else you want to do?" I asked her.

"No, let's get out of here," Emily said. "The Cards game will be starting by the time we get home."

I pulled out my phone and glanced at the time. Good lord, we must have been dress shopping for an hour! I needled Emily about it all the way to the car and halfway home. "Honey, we're home," I said when we walked in the door. No response. Curious, I searched the house for Lisa. I found the door to our bedroom office closed. Lisa must be grading papers in there and didn't hear me, I thought. I shrugged and put my new sneakers away. Emily stashed the bag with her new sundress in the spare bedroom. We met up in the hallway and went into the living room to watch the Cards game, scrunching into the recliner together.

We watched the game in silence for a while. The Cards fell behind early, and even though we were both anything but fair weather fans, it was far less fun watching baseball when your team was losing.

Eventually Emily started getting amorous again. She leaned her head down against my neck, and then slowly started kissing my neck. I took a deep breath. She was sitting on my left, and she turned toward me, running her hand along my chest and down toward my crotch. 

I decided that I was going to take charge this time and grabbed Emily, pulling her forward and into a sitting position between my legs. She squirmed and I held her tight between my arms, her back against my front. I put my lips against her ear. "Just relax and enjoy yourself," I whispered, making sure she could feel my hot breath in her ear. She had a little round ear with no earlobe. I stuck my tongue out and licked at her ear.

Emily gasped and stopped squirming. She pressed herself backward against me. I released my grip on her, my hands roaming across her torso. I slid my hands underneath her shirt and onto her breasts. I noted the absence of a bra.

Emily read my mind. "I only put the underwear on to try on clothes," she whispered. "I took them off when we got home."

"Them?" I whispered in her ear. I slid my right hand down into her shorts. Sure enough, her panties were gone too. "No underwear, you bad girl," I whispered. I slid my fingers right down along her shaved pussy, over her clitoris and pussy lips. "Ahhh," Emily moaned softly.

My left hand stayed on her breast, caressing and squeezing her small breast and rolling across her hard nipple with my fingers. My right hand stayed between her legs, sliding slowly across her pussy and clitoris. I could feel how wet she was, and I spread the wetness from her pussy along her clitoris. I concentrated on the hard bit of flesh, rolling it around my fingers. Emily squirmed.

I put my mouth against her ear again. "Does watching baseball get you hot?" I whispered.

"Yesss," Emily whispered.

"Do you ever touch yourself like this when you're watching baseball?" I asked, exhaling my hot breath into her ear.

"Mmm..." Emily moaned, "When I'm horny. All of those hot guys in those tight pants, and those muscles. I love hot sweaty guys."

"Is this how you touch yourself?" I whispered.

Emily didn't respond right away. She was pressing herself backward, pushing her butt into my crotch. I was hard and I'm sure she could feel my erection pressing against her. "Put a finger in me," she mumbled.

I obliged, sliding my middle finger down and into her pussy. She was so wet there was no resistance. Emily gasped and whimpered as I pushed my finger in up to the second knuckle. "Oh God," she whispered.
