 This is the third part of an ongoing series. As always, any similarities to any persons, places, or anything else you may have seen or heard before, is a complete accident.

*****

Emily went home after dinner.

I had gotten so used to her being around over the past two days, I couldn't get my mind around the fact she was leaving. She was my best friend since middle school, but we hadn't had a weekend-long get-together since high school. Also, we hadn't had sex before. She hadn't had sex with my wife before, either. The three of us had never had sex together. The whole thing, the fighting, the debates, the arguments, the wild sex, it was a life-altering experience. I didn't want it to end. I didn't want her to go.

"Jeez, pal," Emily said when I tried to suggest that she spend the night again. "I have a life, you know." She smiled at me. "I have to work in the morning. We all have to work in the morning. I have to go home and get my shit together." She was dressed in the clothes that I had picked up for her. She said I did a good job, except the bra and panties didn't match. She reached up and kissed me on the cheek. "I'll be back, I promise," she whispered into my ear. "Goodnight Lisa," she said to my wife standing beside me. Lisa for some reason got a full-on French kiss goodbye. I watched them; tongues swirling inside their mouths, bodies pressed together, and felt an odd mix of jealousy and arousal. I didn't get a French kiss! Emily pulled away, and with a final glance at me, turned and left.

The house felt strangely empty without her, even though it was always just me and Lisa living together for the past six years. Truth be told Emily was our first house guest, ever. Who would need to stay with us? Our friends and family all lived nearby. Now it was back to just me and Lisa, and somehow it felt odd. I looked at Lisa. She was looking back at me. I wondered if she felt the same way. "Soo..." she started to say.

"I miss her already," I blurted out.

"I miss her too," Lisa replied.

We ended up talking for a long time. It was noteworthy and monumental. We hardly talked to each other anymore. We were both adrift in our marriage, used to our roles and going through the motions. We talked for a long time about what we both wanted, our hopes and dreams, and plans for the future that I had forgotten I even had. We were thirty years old. We got married, had good jobs, and a house. What was next? Children? Travel? A garden? We didn't really make any plans or particularly agree on anything that night, but at least we were talking.

We made love when we were done talking. At some point we had run out of things to say, and Lisa shot me her 'come hither' look. "So, what do you want to do now?" She asked.

Flashes of the evening's activities ran through my mind. I came back with dinner to find Lisa and Emily together in a sixty-nine, and then fingering each other to orgasm. After I announced my presence, Emily came over and gave me a blow job. Lisa was fingering herself, maybe for the first time in her whole life, making herself squirt. I felt myself getting hard. I reached for Lisa and kissed her, pulling her glasses off her face and placing them on the table beside us. I undid her pony tail to let her long brown hair flow free. I started undoing the buttons on her shirt and she pulled away from me, leading me from where we were on the sofa to the bedroom. That used to bother me. Wasn't Lisa ever so overcome with passion that she wanted to make love right there on the sofa or the living room floor? Tonight it didn't bother me. Tonight felt like a fresh start. I was actually strangely excited about having sex with Lisa. For the first time in years it felt new. It felt different. Who knew that having sex with Emily would make me excited about being with Lisa again? I followed Lisa into the bedroom. She finished undoing the buttons on her shirt, pulling it off of her. She reached back and undid her bra, letting it fall to the floor. I watched her full C cup breasts come into view. They were still firm and perky, not bad for a 30 year old. She was undoing her jeans now, and I realized that by standing there and gawking I was way behind her. I pulled my shirt over my head and started undoing my own jeans. By the time I was pulling my boxers down my legs Lisa was already naked and lying on the bed. I climbed onto the bed beside her. I took her face in my hand and kissed her, then ran my hand down her neck and shoulder, and grabbed her breast, sliding my fingers along the side of her breast and then brushing her nipple until I felt it grow hard.

Lisa gasped and broke the kiss. "I don't think I'm going to need much foreplay," she whispered.

I wracked my brain. Did I ever complain about the foreplay? What's not to like about touching and kissing my sexy wife? I couldn't remember ever making an issue about it. Did I ever say to her 'halftime is only 15 minutes' or 'Walking Dead will be on soon?' Yeah, I probably did. What an ass. What could be more important than sex? I smiled at her, "Just lie back and enjoy it," I said. I leaned down to kiss the breast I wasn't fondling, gently pressing my lips against the breast flesh and trailing circles around her nipple with my tongue. I settled on her nipple and sucked it into my mouth, causing Lisa to gasp. I moved my mouth to her other breast, taking the hand that was on that breast and sliding it down her soft belly and down between her legs. I slid my fingers through her pussy hair and over her clitoris, right down across her pussy. She was very turned on. I could tell just by feel that her pussy lips were engorged and prominent, her clitoris already hard. I gathered the wetness that was around her pussy and slid my fingers back up along her clitoris, causing Lisa to moan. She shifted her hips and moved subtly to meet my fingers. I started to slide my fingers back and forth from her clitoris to her pussy, rubbing along the valley between her prominent pussy lips. 

I felt Lisa's hand reach out and grab hold of my erection. She wrapped her hand around it and started to stroke it. She wasn't particularly good at hand jobs, but I appreciated her efforts at reciprocation. She would always stroke me harder and faster when I was doing something right to her, so I was able to gauge how I was doing with her by what she was doing to me.

"Oh my God," Lisa whispered, "What are you doing to me?" I felt her hand tighten around my cock, and I could sense she was approaching orgasm. I started stroking her faster, pressing more of my fingers and hand against her so that I was stimulating more of her clitoris and pussy. Lisa's hips jerked and her hand jerked against my cock. She grunted, and I could feel a rush of wetness against my hand. I smiled. I just made her squirt again.

Lisa was gasping for air, her chest heaving. I didn't pull my hand away from her though. I concentrated on her clit, rubbing at it with just my fingertips. Lisa gasped and bucked her hips again. "You're making me crazy," she moaned. "I want you inside me." I didn't stop, though. I kept frigging her clitoris until I felt her hips buck again in aftershock, and then I finally pulled my hand away.

Lisa reached for me and I climbed on top of her, kissing her as I lined myself up against her. She raised her knees in the air and I found the entrance to her pussy. She was soaked but I was fully hard, and it was still an effort to push the head of my cock past the entrance of her tight pussy. I eased into her slowly, letting myself slide into her inch by inch until all seven inches were inside of her. I pulled myself almost all of the way out of her and then all the way back in. Lisa moaned and wrapped her legs around me. I held myself deep inside of her, moving back and forth in tiny increments, feeling the head of my cock press up against her cervix. Lisa pressed her inner walls against me and rolled her hips so that she was moving against me. I knew that she was stimulating her G-spot, and I held myself in place and let her stimulate herself. When she stopped rolling her hips I resumed my thrusting, slowly pulling myself out of her and then all the way back in. Lisa preferred to be made love to slowly, and with slower thrusts I lasted longer. Even with all of the orgasms I'd had over the past two days I could still feel that my orgasm wasn't far away. I felt Lisa's pussy tighten against me again and I understood why. She was milking me, pulling at me. It was almost as good as a blow job. Suddenly I realized that Lisa was orgasming. She didn't make a sound. I only knew because her hips were bucking and her nails were clawing at my back. The realization that Lisa was orgasming and the feel of her pussy walls grabbing at my cock pushed me over the edge. I started thrusting into her as fast as I could and grunted as I came, shooting spurt after spurt of cum into her pussy. I continued to thrust into her until my spasms stopped and then I fell against her, spent.

Lisa made a noise, something between a moan and a sigh. "I love you," she said.

"I love you too," I said, and then I kissed her. I kissed her until my penis became flaccid, maybe for the first time all weekend, and I pulled out of her. I climbed off of her and walked into the master bedroom to clean up, and then grabbed a hand towel and tossed to Lisa, who was still lying prone on the bed, legs splayed, pussy still gushing a combination of both of our fluids. I loved to see her like that, her body flushed from sex, her chest heaving, her legs wide open showing her pink pussy lips framing her wide open pussy under her brown bush. I smiled at her.

"What?" Lisa asked. She took the hand towel and was wiping at the mess between her legs.

"Nothing," I said sheepishly, "I just like to see you like that."

"Like this?" Lisa asked. "I probably look like a mess."

I laughed. "You've been a mess all weekend." She got herself all covered in dirt yesterday and covered in food this morning. You'd think she'd be used to it by now.

Lisa shot me a look. I suddenly remembered what she mumbled after our shower sex yesterday. 'I think I like being dirty.' For once, though, my penis was just too exhausted to respond. Lisa was getting to her feet now, walking gingerly to the bathroom with the towel between her legs. "I made a mess," she said as she passed me. I moved toward the bed for a closer look. Sure enough, there was a huge circle of wetness on the bed, at least as big as my hand. Lisa started making a point of lying in the exact middle of the bed when we had sex so that the wet spots wouldn't be where either of us slept. We went through a lot of bed sheets, too. Those stains were tough to get out.

Lisa eventually emerged, dressed for bed in one of her huge nightshirts. "I had to throw out the shirt from this morning," she said, "It was ruined." She made a face. Her food fight with Emily that morning ruined the Victoria's Secret nightshirt that I had gotten her for our last anniversary. She seemed pretty upset about it. "Maybe I could go get a new one this week," she said.

"Sure," I said. I pulled my boxers back on and we climbed into bed. We kissed goodnight and Lisa was probably asleep before I even got comfortable. I tossed and turned, the events of the weekend, the ups and downs, and all of the things that Lisa and I talked about that night swirling in my head. It probably took me an hour to fall asleep.

**********************************

I was never the type to grumble about Monday mornings, but this one was tough to deal with. I was a habitual early riser, but instead of the 5:30 or so I would usually get up on a weekday I wasn't able to drag myself out of bed until 6:15. Lisa was already awake and in the bathroom. I groaned. I needed to get in there and shower before she got up or I would never get my chance. I rolled out of bed, still feeling the soreness of the weekend's exertions, and went to shower in the spare bathroom. I grabbed a bowl of cereal and was parked in my recliner watching SportCenter when Lisa passed by on her way out the door. She was dressed in a white blouse and a long flowing skirt, her long brown hair brushed out and flowing down her back. She was rocking her 'earth mother' look today.

Usually she just rushed by me on her way out the door, but today she stopped. I had a lot of time still before I had to get to the office, so to stay comfortable after my showers I usually just put on a t-shirt and boxers until I had to put on the rest of my suit. I pretended to ignore her, but I could sense her looking me up and down. Lisa came over to me, and leaned right by my ear. "Have a good day, Joe," she whispered, and the feel of her breath against my ear sent tingles straight to my groin. Then she leaned in and kissed me, a lingering kiss that left me wanting more. "I'm going to pick up a few things after school today," Lisa said as she gathered her things and moved to the door, "Let me know if you are going to be home late." I stared at her as she closed the door behind her, trying to will my erection away.

It was harder than I thought it would be not to blurt out any details of my weekend to my co-workers. I got a few "How was your weekend's?" and it took a lot of willpower to hem and haw and say all I did was watch some baseball and mow the lawn. You know my friend Emily? I was saying inside my head. Yeah, the cute blonde with the pixie haircut. Well, I had sex with her this weekend. My wife had sex with her too. We all had sex together. My wife and Emily also got into a huge mud fight where they stripped their clothes off. Yeah, it was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen. I came in my pants just watching them. Does that shock you? I didn't say any of those things, of course, but every time I thought about it my erection would come back to life. I stayed at my desk as much as possible, just so I wouldn't have to walk around with a huge hard-on.

I still hadn't heard from Emily. I texted her at lunchtime, but I didn't get a reply. I started to get a little nervous. What if she had second thoughts? What if she got home and freaked out about what we all did together? I resolved that the first free moment I got I would try to call her, but that free moment never came.

I ended up having a late appointment that night. One of the downsides about my job was that I often had to accommodate my clients' schedules, and that meant meeting them after normal business hours. A couple came to the office at 6pm to go over their investments and didn't leave until almost 7:30. I was exhausted and starving, glad to be finally on my way out of there. Just as I was about to stand up and leave my desk my office phone rang. I figured it was Lisa asking when I'd be home. I didn't even have a chance to let her know I'd be late.

I answered the phone without glancing at the caller ID. "Hello?"

At first I heard nothing, and I thought it was some kind of telemarketing call. I was about to slam the phone down when I heard it. Heavy breathing. What the hell?

"Hello?" I said again.

The heavy breathing got louder. Then I heard a moan. "Ohhh..."

"Who is this?" I demanded.

"Mmm..." the voice cooed, "You make me so wet..."

My mind raced. No, it wasn't Lisa. I doubted she was even capable of something like this. Was it... "Emily?" I asked tentatively.

I got more heavy breathing as a reply.

"Emily, is that you?" I asked again.

The breathing finally gave way to giggles. Yes, it was Emily. "Hey, pal," she whispered seductively.

"Oh my God," I said, and I glanced around the office. I was the last one there. "You know my calls are recorded?" I said in a stern voice.

Emily was cackling with laughter now. "Well somebody will get a cheap thrill then," she said. "How are you?"

"Okay, just about to leave finally," I said. "How are you?"

"Mmm..." Emily moaned, "I'm good," she purred, drawing out the last word.

I felt my mouth go dry. She was seriously going on with the phone sex game? I just wanted to go home, but the sounds she was making was having an undeniable effect on me. I decided to play along with her, as much to get it over with so I could get going. The alternative was to hang up the phone. "You sound good," I said flippantly.

"Mmm... ahhh," she said as a reply. "Can you guess what I'm doing?"

"I think I can take a pretty good guess," I said.

"I'm doing it the way you did it to me," Emily moaned, "My fingers are in my pussy and my palm is rubbing my clitty... ahhh... it feels so good."

I swallowed and took another look around the office. Yep, still alone. I was rock hard now, and the tingling in my groin was demanding attention. I absent-mindedly moved the hand that wasn't holding the phone down to feel my erection through my slacks. 

"You make me so wet..." Emily breathed into the phone, "I dreamed of your hard cock last night... I got myself off twice this morning before I left for work... ohhh... are you touching it?"

I took another furtive glance around the office. "Yes," I whispered.

"Good," Emily said, and she moaned again. "I'm so close to cumming now, just from my fingers, pretending they're yours, your big, strong fingers, ohhh... ohhh... OHH!! UNH!! Oh my God... Oh my God... Oh... yes..."

Emily trailed off, and seconds ticked by. I wondered if she dropped the phone or forgot she was talking to me altogether. I still had a firm hold of myself through my slacks. "Emily?" I finally asked.

Emily was laughing. "Sorry," she said. "I couldn't wait for you. I came so hard." She moaned again. "Are you close?"

"Emily I have to go," I said.

"Oh," she sounded disappointed. "Didn't that turn you on?" She asked.

"Yes," I said, and then I sighed. "I'm hard as a rock. But I'm at work... in a suit. And I hate... HATE... coming in my pants."

Emily laughed. "Well, why didn't you say so? Okay, I'll let you go. You can file this away... for next time. Goodnight pal," Emily said, and she hung up the phone.

I sat there for a full minute, staring at the phone, willing my erection to go down to the point where I could stand up and walk out the door comfortably. I hoped Emily wouldn't be too angry with me. Then I thought about Lisa. What would she think? Lisa! I never called her to tell her I'd be late. I grabbed the phone and dialed home.

She picked up on the second ring. "Hey," she said.

"Hey honey," I said, "I'm so sorry, I was so busy today, I didn't even have time to call you! I'm just leaving now."

"Okay," Lisa said, "I have chicken in the oven for you."

"Great," I said, "You're the best, babe."

"Okay, bye," Lisa said, and she hung up the phone.

It was a warm spring evening, and I found myself undoing my tie and starting to unbutton my shirt at stop lights. I pulled into the driveway in fourteen minutes flat and went into the house. I looked around. There was no sign of Lisa. I called her name. No answer. I went into the bedroom and found the bathroom door closed. "Lisa?" I said again.

"I'm in here," Lisa said from the other side of the door.

"Are you okay?" I asked, quickly pulling off my jacket and starting to undress.

"I'm fine," Lisa said, "You just have to take the chicken out of the oven. It's ready."

I was starving, so I just focused on undressing as quickly as I could and throwing on jeans and a t-shirt so that I could go and eat. I pulled the rotisserie chicken out of the oven and scarfed it down. I cleaned up and plopped down in my recliner, stuffed and happy. Unfortunately there was nothing on TV that night. The Cards were off. It was only then that I realized that Lisa still wasn't out of the bathroom. I hopped out of the chair and only realized then that the bedroom door was closed. Lisa must have come out at some point and shut the door. Crap. Was she mad again? What did I do now? Did she find out about Emily's phone sex escapade before somehow? A sense of dread washed over me as I crept down the hall. "Lisa?" I asked tentatively as I reached the door.
