 'Knock it off,' the note read. Katie slid the note over to my desk as our physics teacher was writing something on the board. I had been absentmindedly playing with her hair as she sat in front of me, only half-heartedly paying attention to class. She turned around and smiled at me, betraying her attempt to admonish me. I smiled back, then made a pointed effort to take notes. Her shorts were very short and a good bit of her lower back was exposed to me as I leaned forward in my chair. Her cute back dimples drew me in, as usual. I had always found Katie to be a positive distraction in class, but since we started dating two months beforehand, it was impossible to focus. Luckily I was good at school and the daydreaming did not affect my grades. Katie was wearing a tank top in an effort to fight the oppressive heat outside. I stared at her bare shoulders, already aroused at the thought that, just the day before, I had seen the rest of her naked. It was exciting each time I saw her, clothed or not. Our explorations of each other, while much more covert these days, made our already close relationship even more intimate. I felt like I knew every part of her, that I could make a mental map of her if I wanted to. I was lost in the curve of her shoulder when she suddenly turned around.

"Class is over, Jimmy, didn't you hear the bell?"

"Katie, there's this really cute girl who sits in front of me, and it's all I can do to keep focused. Maybe I should move across the room."

"Maybe you should ask that cute girl out. Oh, I forgot, that's not your style. You like to sit back and wait for girls to make the first move?"

"Very funny, Katie. Are you going to give me grief about that forever."

"Probably," she said with a sigh. She took my hand as I slung my backpack over my shoulder. "Now, come on, we'll be late for class."

I spent the rest of the day distracted in class, dreaming about Katie, until we ended up at Katie's house after school. We were supposed to be working on a term paper together. I was at her computer, jotting down an outline, while Katie casually looked out the window.

"Are you going to help me?" I asked, trying not to sound impatient. She smiled, then looked back to the window. I kept typing, watching her furtively. Her shorts were shorter than she used to wear before we started dating, and her demeanor had changed as well, at least when we were alone. She was twirling her hair absentmindedly, a sure sign something was on her mind. "What's up, Katie?" I asked, hitting the period at the end of the sentence a little to hard.

"What, oh, sorry," she said, snapping back to the present. "I was just thinking about helping you. No, really, don't give me a look like that, I was, really. It's just that I don't think you need help with our paper. I think you need a little different help." With that she unzipped her shorts, exposing her underwear underneath and grinning. I was determined to show her I wasn't so horny that I would drop our homework and pounce, which was exactly what I wanted to do.

"Not in the mood? I don't buy it," she said. She pulled at the collar of her shirt playfully, walking toward me with a grin on her face. "I bet you are," she said in a sing-song voice. "I saw you looking at me in class. In fact, I bet you wouldn't mind if I just took off this shirt altogether. Now, are you sure I can't help you?" She tugged at her shorts waist and underwear simultaneously, exposing just the top half inch of her short, black pubic hair. I had been hard all day just by sitting next to her, and now I was so aroused my jeans were cramping my erection.

"I mean, you look so tense, sitting there making an outline of the historical significance of Gibraltar, you could use a break." She stood there in her bra, tugging her jeans and underwear a little lower, showing more. "And my mom won't be home for at least an hour..."

I didn't let her finish the sentence. I stood up, sweeping her in my arms. She melted into me, and we were fiercely kissing each other as she fumbled to unzip my jeans. She did, and I wiggled out of them as she giggled, taking her shorts off. "Isn't this better than homework?" she said.

"Maybe," I said, trying to sound nonchalant, but she didn't buy it.

"Come here," she said, stepping close to me as she peeled off her bra. We embraced, my erection leaving a smear of pre-cum on her stomach as we pressed together. She hopped up onto me, so that I was supporting her weight, and I pressed her back against the wall. The sun was streaming in, and if her parents came home early we would be busted. Katie and I were going to wait, we had said, but that didn't keep us from exploring every other possible way to get each other off. She slowly ground her wet vagina against me, panting as she left a wet trail against my thigh. I was dry humping her as well, but she came first, crying out so loudly that I almost panicked and dropped her. She shuddered as she climaxed, but kept the rhythm going, determined to reach a second orgasm quickly. I let her dictate the pace and movements, and soon she was coming again, panting through a powerful orgasm. When it finished, she clung closely to me, apparently exhausted by the effort. I picked her up more, placing my hands around her firm, round ass as she wrapped her legs around me, and carried her over to her bed. As we moved across the room the head of my penis nudged her labia, and even the entrance to her vaginal canal. While the temptation was intense, I resisted the urge to enter her; I didn't want to do anything she wasn't ready to do.

I set her down on the bed, but she immediately sprang up, pressing her body against me. She kissed me once and then slowly sank to her knees, until she was kneeling with her face an inch away from my erection. She smiled, then with her eyes locked on mine took me into her mouth. She had done this many times before, but each time reminded me of the first time, where she sank to her knees and swallowed my semen in a shop. She had now wrapped a hand around the shaft of my penis, providing added pressure and friction as she took me into her mouth. I suddenly felt a pressure building inside me and started breathing harder. She moaned, taking me into her mouth as I came. My knees buckled and I thought I might pass out from ecstasy, but when I finished she stood up, smiling as she swallowed.

"Well, now I think we can work on this paper without distraction, don't you think, Jimmy?"

Chapter 2

Three days later Katie and I were at the public library, looking for more books about our paper topic. We always got paired together for assignments, which has its drawbacks when it came to actually getting work done. While I was always up for a little public groping, Katie's sex drive was almost unstoppable. I wondered how much she had waited for me to come around to realize my feelings for her, and how liberated she seemed now. It was for that reason that, as I sat on the floor between two huge shelves, Katie was tugging at her sundress.

"Come on, you know you want to see them, admit it."

"I do, that's not the problem, Katie. I'd like to keep us from getting banned from the public library, that's all. I mean, don't get me wrong, there is no bigger fan of your breasts than me, but part of my mind is on the librarian who keeps passing by these shelves."

"Does the other part of your mind remember last weekend?"

How could I forget. It was the first time I had fucked her between her breasts. We we supposed to be cleaning my pool, but we ended up fooling around, and as she lay on a pool deck chair I fucked her breasts, finally climaxing all over her chest. Our parents returned shortly after I finished, and if Katie had not jumped into to pool to wash herself off we would have been caught. 

"How about just a peek, to stimulate your interest?". She then tugged at the elastic fabric, revealing her bare breasts for a second before covering them. "Hmm?"

I just grinned, causing her to blush. Then, as if nothing had happened, she continued with our previous conversation. 

"I am so excited about our trip to DC. Mom and Dad have been talking about it for weeks."

"I know, I am excited we're going."

"It's too bad that we can't share a room, like last time, although mom said that she'd consider it."

"Are you sure they aren't just kidding around. Letting us share a room, it seems...I don't know, like bad parenting on their part."

"Oh, I think they're serious. They trust us. I mean, I still sleep over all the time."

"But not in my room. Now we're both in sleeping bags in the living room, same as your place."

"But that's never stopped us, has it, Jimmy? Now, come on, let's check these books out and head home, I'm so wet I can hardly wait to get you alone," she said. With that we stood up, and, before leaving, she looked over both shoulders. Seeing that we were alone, she kissed me and pressed herself against me. Decided to surprise her, spinning her around so that she was pressed against a bookshelf, her ass sticking out at me. She looked over her shoulder at me as I quickly lifted her sundress, revealing her pink underwear. she nodded feebly, almost in a trance, and I pushed aside her underwear and slowly inserted two fingers into her wet vagina. 

She moaned as I penetrated her, my other hand reaching forward to rub her clitoris rapidly. We had to hurry, because any second and we would be caught. The danger seemed to send Katie over the edge, because her vagina clamped down on my fingers and she reached an intense orgasm. She leaned harder onto the books, panting.

"One more, please," she pleaded. I obliged, quickly sending her over the edge. When she finished, I pulled my fingers out of her and she straightened up to kiss me. as she did (and luckily just after she straightened her dress) the librarian appeared in our aisle, clicking her tongue disapprovingly.

"The library is for research, not for you kids to fool around. Out, before I call your parents or the police."

Katie and I waited until we got into her car to start laughing. We drove away, trying to compose ourselves. It was only a few blocks later that Katie turned serious.

"I supposed you're wondering when you'll get the chance, since I teased you so bad at the library. I don't want to leave you in a state like that," Katie said. She paused, then bit her lip, before adding, "Jimmy, are we doing the right thing? Isn't all of this, I don't know, this stuff, kind of like cheating in a way?"

"Maybe, Katie," I said. She grinned nervously. I could tell she was going through one of her pangs of guilt. Katie was an exceptionally sexual creature, but she was also bound to her notions of virtue. It was true that we were stretching the definitions of virginity and sex to their limits of legality. "I guess in a way, we are. But that's not to say it isn't amazing."

"I know, and I feel excited and terrible about it. I've been thinking about it, and whether or not we've been honest with ourselves. I mean, we're basically having sex. Let's face it, right now, what I want to do more than anything else is give you a blowjob to repay you for fingering me in the library. I mean, when you say it out loud, there's nothing virtuous about it. And it's on my mind because I want to do it, and because I love you."

"Katie, I love you, you know that. I love you more than anything. If you want to stop all of this...stuff, then we'll stop. Completely, we can just kiss and hold hands and I'd be happy to be with you."

"That's just it, Jimmy, I don't want to stop. I think it's time we looked at ourselves and were honest about what we're doing. I think it's time we actually do it."

My jaw dropped. I was prepared for her to change her mind about our sexual activities, not take them to the final act. She smiled nervously, her mind only halfway on the road. I decided a little levity might help ease the tension in the car.

"Well, we can't right now, we're driving."

Katie laughed, causing the car to swerve a little. She regained control of the car and wiped tears out of her eyes as she laughed hard. "I didn't mean right now, or the next time we're alone. I just think it's time to either do it or stop what we've been doing. I mean, I've been in the pill for years, and neither of us has so much as kissed another person. It's safe. We love each other. I think it's time. But, until then," she said as she pulled into my driveway, "I believe my boyfriend needs a blowjob."

Chapter 3

The next day some of our friends joined us at my house to swim. Harry and Denny were there, as well as some girls Katie knew from choir. Since it since mixed company, my parents had to be home, but they were in the kitchen minding their own business. It seemed ironic that they trusted me when Katie and I were alone, but not when we had other people around that kept us from being a tangle of limbs. Katie wasn't there yet, and as we swam Harry and Denny quizzed me. The four girls sat on the pool chairs, sunning themselves.

"Still no action, not even second base?" Denny asked in a hushed voice. "Man, you must be going nuts. I mean, she even gets to sleep over."

"But on the couch," Harry corrected. "Still, it must be tough. I am surprised you put up with it."

"You two have no idea what you're talking about, you know that? Katie and I are happy together, and I don't need you two nosing into my relationship with my girlfriend. All you ever talked about before I started dating her was why I wasn't dating her. And now you still can't stop talking about it. Look, why don't you two nerds talk to the cute girls Katie invited?". Of course, neither one made a move, but my goal was to shut them up anyway. Whether they were going to work up the nerve or not, Katie arrived a minute later, putting any chances they had with the girls-albeit infinitesimal-on hold. Katie emerged from the kitchen doors, wearing her vintage bikini she bought when we first started dating. 

My friends stared unabashedly, and her friends looked at her in shock and envy. She was certainly built for the suit, and it's cut accentuated her body like nothing else could. She smiled at me as her friends asked her about her swimsuit, while I overheard Denny mutter "lucky bastard" in my direction. I exited the pool and walked over to her. Her friends were admiring the suit and asking where she bought it. I walked up and she paused the question and answer session to kiss me deeply. We separated and as I walked into the house to get refreshments she saw me staring at her back dimples and winked.

"Hey, Jim," my dad said as I stepped inside. "Katie looks nice today, don't you think?"

"She looks nice every day," I said. My mom nodded in approval, then helped me load a tray with sandwiches and drinks.

"What are you guys planning for tonight?" my mom asked. "Make sure you're not out late, we've got a plane to catch tomorrow."

"We won't, mom, don't worry."

"We never worry about you and Katie, dear," my mom said. "We are happy you two found each other. In fact, your dad and I have been talking, and we wanted to tell you that we trust you and Katie will always do the right thing. You know, when it comes to sex..."

She whispered the last line and blushed. My dad grimaced. As uncomfortable as they were, I was more so. I didn't want another sex talk from my mom and dad, especially while my girlfriend and friends were out back by the pool. My dad seemed to anticipate this, and quickly chimed in to break the awkward silence.

"Don't worry, Jim, we're not going to rehash our birds and bees talk again. What your mom and I want you to know is that we understand you're young and that you and Katie are in love, and we're fine with that. Just understand that as long as you use the proper precautions, well, I guess we're trying to say that we are okay with that."

I was blushing now. "Precautions?"

"We're not blind, Jim," my mom said kindly. "I've seen how you two look at each other. Your father and I were young once, we understand. I guess you could say the cat is out of the bag."

"Katie's parents realize it, too. There are inevitable instincts that two young people in love will have to deal with. Now, we don't want to keep you from Katie and your friends, but we want you to know that we know, and we understand."

"Okay, I am totally confused now," I said, and they laughed.

"What your mom is trying to say is that we know things will happen, physically, between you two, if they haven't already. And we know that when the time comes, you will take the appropriate precautions, like birth control. And keeping your mouth shut to your friends about it. What you think is just telling them a secret will be a school wide rumor. Understand?"

"Yes," I said, wanting to be clear. "I understand perfectly."

"Good, because I don't want to worry about you two on our trip, should anything happen, physically, that is. We want you to know we trust you, you know, do...um, to do the right thing."

"Got it, Dad. And thanks for the talk, really. It was great. Awkward, but great.". My parents laughed and looked at me with the same look I used to get as a little kid when I would get straight As on my reported card for the first few times (the novelty had long worn off). I picked up the tray and walked outside, my head swimming. Katie met me at the door, a look of concern in her face.

"You were in there a while, she said. "Everything okay?"

"Yeah, but I'll have to tell you later," I said, beaming at our guests as I served them lunch.

Our friends left a few hours after lunch. I was sitting in the living room, waiting for Katie to finish her shower. My parents were heading out to do last minute errands before we left for DC. As they left, my dad looked at me appraisingly and nodded, before shutting the door behind him. A few minutes later Katie came downstairs wearing a t-shirt and a pair of very short light blue running shorts. She knew I was a fan of how she looked in them. They were tiny on her and framed her toned ass exquisitely. She bounded down the stairs and stopped at the bottom, looking at me quizzically as I set down the magazine I was reading.

"Your bathing suit was a hit, I think the guys and the girls were both interested, although for different reasons."

"I don't care what anyone else thinks, I wore it for you. I like the way you look at me."

"Well, I like to look at you, so that works out well."

"So what did your parents want this afternoon? You were in there for a while, I was wondering if maybe my bathing suit had caused a stir." Katie walked over to me and sat on my lap, kissing me. 

"I got a sex talk."

"Like the one you got in fifth grade. About erections and vaginas and babies?" she asked, grinding against me a little.

"No, nothing like that. It was awkward, though, probably even more so. They suspect we're up to something." Katie stopped her subtle grinding, but I kept talking. "And, oddly enough, they are cool with it."

"Jimmy, did I hear correctly that your parents think we are having sex?"

"They either think we are, or think we're going to. Your parents have talked with my parents about it, too."

"I can't believe they left us alone together, then," she said. She was sitting side-saddle on my lap, and had resumed her almost imperceptible grinding against my lap.

"That was the weird part. They are cool with, as long as we're careful."

"They are cool with it?" she asked.

"As long as we're careful," I repeated. My hand was on her thigh, slowly traveling closer to her running shorts. I knew she wasn't wearing anything underneath them, and as my hand traveled up her smooth thigh I could feel my own arousal press against her. 

"Careful?" she whispered as my hand reached the point where her inner thigh was covered by her shorts. I brushed them gently aside, feeling her damp pubic hair.
