 Like with any great success, thoughts turn to a sequel. You have to capitalize on success, right? I apologize in advance if the sequel is a letdown for any of you. But, I feel like I have to try, damn it. I have to try. As always, this story is fiction, and any similarities to anything you may have seen or heard or read about is a complete accident.

*****

You know when you wake up in the middle of the night because you're in the middle of a dream and a thought permeates your unconscious mind? 

Our clothes were still out there. That was what snapped me awake. We never thought to go back outside and get our clothes! I was lying there in bed, trying to picture how it looked. Emily's ruined sundress, my t-shirt and jeans, Lisa's t-shirt and Capri's, not to mention her bra. Our dirty, torn clothing half-buried in topsoil. When we finally went outside to clean up in the morning, I wondered what it would look like.

Thoughts of our clothes led to thoughts of the events of the past day. The mud fight. My wife Lisa and my best friend Emily, rolling around in the dirt. Tearing each other's clothes off. My mind was racing ahead now. The shower sex I had with Lisa. The truth or dare game. All of our secrets revealed. And the sex, wow! The sex. Me fucking Lisa while Emily rode her face. Me fucking Emily doggie style while she sucked on Lisa's breasts... Both of them licking my cock until I came one last time...

Crap. Now I was hard. But there was something else. My bladder was full. Damn all that water and beer I drank. For another minute I tried to ignore it all and will myself back to sleep, but it was too late. I was way too uncomfortable. I listened to Lisa breathing softly beside me. Lisa slept like the dead, but I was a raging insomniac, and years of experience taught me when simply trying to ignore everything and fall back to sleep was pointless. With a groan I climbed out of bed and into the bathroom. I relieved myself, trying and failing to get it all into the toilet, my rigid cock acting like an out of control garden hose. Thinking of the garden hose made me think about the fight again, how I sprayed them with the hose but that didn't stop them. How I rinsed them both off after, watching the dirt rinse off their sexy, half-naked bodies...

I cleaned up the mess I made as best I could and went back to bed. I tossed and turned. Every time I would get comfortable I would think about something else that had happened and my dick would tingle and start to get hard again. I started thinking that I needed to get off in order to get back to sleep. I laughed at myself. How crazy was that? I had four orgasms yesterday! How horny was I?

One thing was for sure, I was parched. I finally resolved to stop tossing and turning, and got out of bed again and walked into the kitchen. I passed the spare bedroom that Emily was sleeping in. I fought against the urge to look in on her. I didn't want to wake her up. I went into the kitchen and got some water. I stood at the kitchen window, drinking the water and staring out into the moonlit yard. I was starting to think that I could just about make out where the remains of Emily's yellow sundress lay in the glow of the moonlight...

"Hey, pal," I heard a whisper behind me in the darkness. I jumped. Emily was there. She moved like a cat. She was standing just a few steps behind me. I whirled to face her. She was standing there, naked.

"Oh, hey," I whispered. "I couldn't sleep," I added.

"I see," Emily said, and I realized she was looking at my crotch. The only light in the kitchen was coming from the oven clock, but once your eyes adjust you can see pretty well. My cock was tenting out my boxers.

"Oh, uh, yeah," I stammered. "Sorry."

Emily laughed. "After last night, you're still sheepish?" She asked.

"I guess so," I mumbled.

"Lisa is a pretty sound sleeper, huh?" Emily said with a tilt of her head.

"Yeah," I said.

"But you're wide awake," Emily said.

"Yeah," I said again. Where was she going with this?

Emily held out a hand. "Come back to bed with me," she said.

I hesitated. Sure, we had wild three-way sex a few hours ago, but I wasn't sure how Lisa would take it if she woke up and found me in bed with Emily.

"It'll be fine," Emily added when she saw me hesitate. "I'm not asking for sex. We both can't sleep. Let's just keep each other company."

That didn't sound too difficult. "Okay," I said, and let Emily lead me back to the spare bedroom. She climbed into the bed and I followed her. We arranged ourselves into a spooning position, with me behind her. I wrapped my arms around her, one under her neck, and the other around her waist. She pressed backwards and I felt her bare butt press up against my dick. I sighed. My erection wasn't going away anytime soon.

I heard Emily sigh too. "Do you remember the last time we were like this?" She asked.

I tried not to laugh. Did I remember that night? It was only one of the most unforgettable nights of my teenage years. 

FLASHBACK: DIDDLY-DOO, DIDDLY-DOO, DIDDLY-DOO

It was the night of Emily's eighteenth birthday party. Emily turned down her parents' offer of a big party, instead asking for tickets to a Cardinals game for her family and her best friend. Most of her friends either had a big party when they turned 18 or got a car. Emily didn't care. 

The game we went to watch was pretty much like the game last night, it went into extra innings and took over four hours. By the time we got back to Emily's house it was well after midnight. I already called home and told my parents I was staying at Emily's since we were getting home so late. Emily's family set me up in their spare bedroom, and since we burned off all of our adrenaline on the way home, I fell right to sleep.

I woke up in the darkness because I felt movement. Somebody was snuggling up beside me. It was Emily. "Hey buddy," she whispered.

I tried not to show how surprised I was. "Hey, what's up?" I whispered back.

"I couldn't sleep," Emily whispered. I was lying on my side, and Emily was arranging herself to spoon against me. I was acutely aware of the scent of the shampoo in her hair, which was so long then it went halfway down her back, and the feel of her body against mine. I felt myself responding, and tried to shy away from the contact so she wouldn't feel my erection. I was 18, and hadn't gone past second base yet. Sure, I had a crush on Emily, but she was my best friend. I was conscious of anything happening that would jeopardize that. Besides, she had a crush on Tom at the time, or was it Bobby? I didn't think she was interested in me in that way. Emily kept pressing herself backwards against me, however, until I gave in and let her press against my erection. I wondered if Emily felt it, but she didn't say anything to me.

We stayed up talking for a while. Every moment I was aware of Emily's body. Her neck was right by my lips, and it took actual effort not to brush my lips against her. My right arm was draped over her, and I kept thinking about how easy it would be to 'accidentally' brush against her breasts. I hadn't felt up a girl, yet. Every once in a while Emily would shift her position, and I would feel her butt move against her erection, but if she felt it pressing against her, she didn't say anything. Eventually Emily drifted off to sleep, and I was able to get my erection to go away and fell asleep soon after. When I woke up, it was morning and she was gone.

DIDDLY-DOO, DIDDLY-DOO, DIDDLY-DOO: PRESENT DAY

"...what I never told you," Emily was saying, "Was that I got so hot having your cock brush up against me all night that in the morning I went right to the bathroom and got myself off."

"Oh my God," I said, "Really?"

"Yeah," Emily said, "I was still a virgin. Yours was the first one I ever really felt. I'm glad about that, at least." Emily reached behind her and gave my hip a pat. Then she reached for my cock and gave it a little squeeze through my boxers. "Can I ask you a question?" Emily asked.

"Sure," I said.

"Did you get yourself off in the morning?" Emily asked.

"No," I said. 

"Really?" Emily asked. "I always figured I got you all worked up. I felt bad about it."

"Well, I didn't feel comfortable jerking off in your house, so I waited until I got home, and then for about three years after," I mumbled.

Emily laughed, and pressed herself tighter against me. I moved my hand and by complete accident brushed it against her bare chest. I felt her nipple. It was rock hard. Emily sighed. My cock throbbed.

Oh, what the hell, I thought to myself, and in one swift motion turned myself onto my back, pulling Emily with me. She let out a little squeal as I settled her on top of me so she was lying on her back on top of my front. I started to kiss her neck and run my hands along her body. Emily gasped. I ran my hands across her breasts, squeezing them and tweaking her rock hard nipples with my fingers. Emily began squirming on top of me. Having a woman lie on top of me was one of my favorite positions. I love to explore their bodies like this. Lisa was always worried that she was crushing me, but she was content to lie there and let me touch her body and get her off with my hands. 

I slid a hand down Emily's body and to her shaved pussy. She was very wet. She moaned as I ran my fingers along her engorged clit and pussy lips. Emily reached down and grabbed my hard shaft through my boxers, mere inches from her pussy. She gave it a few strokes, and then started to move herself toward it. I lifted my head to try to see what Emily was doing. She was pulling my boxers up and over my erection. Once it was free Emily scooted down until the head of my cock was at the entrance to her pussy. Emily was moving her hips now, trying to get me inside her. This was something Lisa never did. I felt the head of my cock move past the entrance to her pussy. Emily was moving again, rising into a sitting position. As she moved to sit on me, straddling me reverse-cowgirl style, I felt myself slide more into her tight, wet pussy.

Emily pulled away slightly, and then pushed her bottom down, pushing me all the way into her. "Ahhh," I heard her moan. She started to make love to me slowly; lifting her bottom and sliding it back down. Up and down, up and down. Her movements were hypnotic. The feeling of her sliding up and down on my cock was incredible. Lisa would get 'on top' once in a while, but she would basically just sit on me and I would still be doing all the thrusting. 

Emily paused in her movements, and then gasped. She started to move a little faster, her thrusts a little shorter. I got a sense that my cock was stimulating her g-spot somewhere deep in her pussy. She stopped again abruptly, and groaned. Suddenly she pulled out of me with a wet plop. She pulled my boxers all the way down my legs and tossed them aside. She turned herself around so that she was facing me, straddling me again and using her hand to guide me back into her gaping pussy. Emily moaned again as she pressed her bottom against my groin, taking my whole length into her. She leaned down and kissed me, moving her hips up and down. 

I started to move my hips in counterpoint to hers. When she slid down, I pressed upwards. As she pulled away, I pulled my hips away. The result was harder thrusts into her. Emily started to moan as I pushed myself up into her, each thrust pressing my cock deep into her pussy. Every few down strokes Emily would roll her hips, and I would feel the walls of her pussy clenching against my cock. A thought formed somewhere in the back of my mind that this was really good sex. Emily knew what she was doing.

Emily made a noise and started moving her hips faster. I sped up to match her rhythm. She picked up her pace even more until she was practically bouncing up and down on me. I watched her small breasts jiggle as she moved. I could hear the bedsprings creaking, snapping me out of my sexual trance. How much noise were we making? I was able to glance at the doorway. Well, Lisa hadn't come to investigate the noise, at least. I comforted myself with the thought that she was a sound sleeper. Hopefully the racket we were making wouldn't wake her.

I realized almost belatedly that Emily was nearing orgasm. I learned last night how vocal she was, but now she knew to be as quiet as possible. She was whimpering, biting her lip to keep from making more noise. Her thrusts stopped abruptly, and she gasped. "Oh my God," she whispered, and started to roll her hips as she orgasmed.

For me, the realization that Emily was orgasming, the rush of wetness I felt, and the feeling of Emily's pussy walls as they contracted against my cock, all combined to rush me to orgasm. I started thrusting up into her as hard as I could, grunting as I shot my load into her even as she was still orgasming. I saw Emily's eyes go wide as she felt my hot cum shooting into her for the first time. Then she smiled. She moved her hips against me a few more times until my spasms stopped and my hips stopped jerking, and then she fell against me. We kissed.

My head was spinning from the orgasm and the late hour. After a minute of kissing Emily slid off of me, laying beside me and placing her head on my chest. "Imagine if we did that when we were 16," Emily said, and we both broke into uncontrollable giggles. She idly slid a hand along my stomach, down toward my groin until she felt wetness. "Oh my God, did I do that?" Emily asked.

"Well, it's mostly you," I mumbled, "With a little me mixed in."

I felt her reach down between her own legs. "Wow, what a mess," Emily said.

"The bigger the mess, the better the sex," I mumbled.

"That's profound," Emily said. "Did you make that up?"

I tried to think of where I may have heard that before. Exhaustion was setting in, and my mind was refusing to focus. Something in the back of my mind was telling me that I needed to go back to bed with Lisa and not fall asleep here, but my body wasn't listening. "I dunno," I managed to mumble. I tried to say something else to Emily, but my brain simply shut down and I fell fast asleep.

*********************

I woke up slowly, aware of sensations. The sun was shining brightly, and I felt my eyes shut tighter. I felt sore. Where did I feel sore? Arms? Check. Legs? Check. Hips? Check. Back? Hell, yes. But wait, that wasn't everything I was feeling. Something else was going on. Wait... was that a mouth on my cock? Lisa never woke me up with a blow job...

OH MY GOD... I'm still in bed with Emily! In an instant I was fully awake, my eyes flying open and focusing on Emily. She was kneeling beside me, one hand wrapped around the base of my cock and sucking diligently on the head. My mouth was a step behind the rest of me in waking up. I tried to say something, anything, but all I could do was moan.

Emily looked at me when I moaned. She took her lips off of my cock. "Good morning, sleepyhead," she said. "I thought this might wake you up. You taste like both of us," Emily said with a wink. "Mmm," she said as she turned her head to resume the blow job.

This is wrong... I was thinking to myself. Why is this wrong? Another voice in the back of my head asked. I don't know, the first voice replied. Lisa did agree to us sharing each other, the second voice said. I know, but... the first voice said. Hah, you can't think of a good reason, can you? The second voice taunted. Potentially angry wife, the first voice replied, but it knew it was losing the argument. What time is it, anyway? I thought. There was no clock in the spare bedroom. I guessed by the sunlight that it was at least 8am. Lisa was probably still in bed, anyway, and she wouldn't expect me to still be in bed with her when she woke up. I never was. Hey! Yet another voice in my head shouted. You're missing a good blow job here!

Emily had her hand around my shaft but she wasn't stroking me. She had her mouth around the head of my cock but she wasn't using her tongue. She took her hand away and started bobbing up and down on my cock, taking as much of me into her mouth as she could. Emily paused and glanced at me. I felt her tongue swirling around the head of my cock, and my hips jerked involuntarily. Emily smiled, more with her eyes than anything. She was letting me know she had complete control over me. She was going to bring me to orgasm when she wanted to.

The blow job went on and on. Usually you would say something like that in a derogatory way, but there was no other way to describe it. The previous blow jobs I had, mostly from Lisa, were meant to get me hard or get me off as quickly as possible. The women didn't really want to do them. They wanted it to be over with. Emily was enjoying herself. She enjoyed teasing me, the sense of control she was getting as she started to bring me towards orgasm and then stopping, pulling her mouth away and stroking me, keeping me close but not letting me go over the edge. I started to get frustrated, but in a good way. I started to thrust my hips playfully, silently asking for her to let me orgasm.

Finally Emily decided to go ahead and let me come. She turned her body until she was sitting across my legs, facing me. She leaned over and sucked my cock into her mouth, sucking hard, her tongue swirling around the head of my cock. My hips jerked and my orgasm started. Emily pulled away and grabbed my shaft with both hands, pulling it towards her as she jerked me off. The first glob of cum shot into the air and landed on her breasts. I grunted and moaned and thrashed on the bed as I came, a second, third, and fourth spurt traveling shorter distances and landing on my cock and Emily's hands. Finally I was completely spent. I pushed my head up to see the mess I made, and then fell back onto the bed. 

"Wow," I mumbled. My head lolled, and I happened to look towards the doorway...

Lisa was standing there. Crap. She didn't look happy. Double crap. She turned and walked away. Triple crap. 

I struggled to get up, trying to overcome my soreness and the 110 pound woman that was still sitting on me. "What?" I heard Emily say.

"Lisa," I said, gesturing toward the empty doorway. Then I heard our bedroom door slam.

"Don't worry," Emily said, "She'll be okay."

I stared at Emily. "Are you sure?" I asked her.

"Yeah," Emily said. I was about to ask her why she thought so, but Emily cut me off. "Come on, let's clean up," she said, climbing off of me and inspecting her hands and chest where my cum landed. She stood beside the bed, waiting for me to move.

I climbed off of the bed gingerly and followed Emily to the spare bathroom. We cleaned ourselves up in silence. I kept worrying about Lisa. If she wasn't happy seeing me and Emily together, our agreement to share each other was probably over.

"I'm starving," Emily said. "Is it waffle time yet?"

Emily knew that it was a tradition in our house that I would make waffles every Sunday morning. We got a waffle iron as an engagement gift from a distant cousin of mine, and I decided to start using it, almost on a whim, but I enjoyed it and it became a weekly ritual. Lisa would usually have a waffle with me, if she was awake when I made them. When Emily asked me I felt my own stomach rumble. I was starving too. "Yeah," I said, "It's waffle time."

We went into the kitchen. I was still in my boxers. Emily retrieved the spare t-shirt that she had been wearing where it had been tossed aside in the living room. It went down to mid-thigh on her so she appeared to be decent. I started to make the waffles. One egg, two cups of Bisquick, one cup of milk. Vegetable oil. I sprinkled in some cinnamon for taste. I fired up the Cuisinart. When it was done I gave the first waffle to Emily, taking a big new bottle of maple syrup out of the fridge for her. After the sixth and last waffle was done I sat down at the nook table in the kitchen to eat with her.
