 He walked into the bar and looked around. The jukebox was playing a slow song and the lights were low. Couples were on the dance floor slowly swaying to the beat of the music.

He spotted her dancing with a guy with long hair, her favorite kind of guy. She looked like she was struggling to get away from him so he walked over to where they were on the dance floor.

"May I cut in?" he asked. He could see the relief on her face at the sight of him.

"No, she's with me and we're busy. Go find you own babe". Answered Mr. Long-Hair.

"Why don't we leave the answer up to the lady? Will you please allow me to cut in and dance the rest of this song with you?" He asked with a smile.

"Sure" she replied. "You go and sit down and I will join in you when this dance is over. This is a good friend of mine." He informed 'Mr. Long-Hair'

HE put his arms around her waist and she placed her arms around his neck. She casually leaned into him and whispered "Thank you"

"You're welcome" He whispered back.

"What are you doing here anyway? I thought you didn't go to bars anymore. Did you know I was here?"

"No" He lied. Her sister had called earlier to inform him of their plans. "Who are you here with and why?"

"I'm here with my sister. She wanted to come and see what the place was like that her brother-in-law died at. I just had issues with that guy. I can't find a guy for the life of me to have a relationship with but I always find one in a bar. Too bad they are always assholes." She answered with an edge to her voice.

"You'll find someone. When you least expect it." He spun her around and dipped her as the song came to an end. "Thanks for the dance. I think I'll stick around to keep you out of trouble." He smiled and started to walk away. She stood there with a look of shock on her face.

"You can go now. I don't need a babysitter, thank you very much! I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself." She spat at him. She then turned on her heel and stormed away. She went and sat back down with 'Mr. Long-Hair.' He looked pleased to see her. They ordered another round of drinks and an hour later they were high on alcohol and laughing. Mr. Long Hair was beginning to get very friendly. 

He watched them for the hour that they sat there together. She had one drink after another. Probably trying to get to him. It was working. The guy would not keep his hands off her. She was losing the battle of fighting him off. He decided that it was time that he intervened whether she liked it or not.

"Excuse me." He asked as he bent over their table "Is it possible to have a word with you outside?"

"Nope! I am perfectly content right here with my new friend. Go find your own friends." She answered rudely

He stalked off to the bathroom. When he came out she was nowhere to be seen. He looked everywhere for her and then went out the door. He heard her fighting Mr. Long Hair off behind the building and ran over.

"Is there a problem here?" he glared at the guy holding the woman he loved but was afraid of admitting to and wanted to punch him in his face.

"No. the lady and I are just getting to know each other better. Do you mind?" he attempted to push the guy away. Bad mistake. Mr. Long Hair hit the floor hard and he grabbed her by the arm a little more roughly than he wanted but he had to get her away from this guy before he beat the shit out of him. He pulled her over to his truck and asked her if she left anything thing the bar. She said no and he lifted her up onto the seat and shut the door

"Call your sister and tell her I'll have you back before the bar closes." He ordered her.

She was fuming at him. How dare he do something and just haul her off like he owned her! She decided that when he stopped the truck she was getting out and taking off. But she did call her sister and tell her what he told her to say.

He didn't say anything to her as he pulled into an empty parking lot. She jumped out of the truck as soon as he stopped. She started to run and the stopped. He wasn't chasing her. She turned around and saw him leaning against his truck with a smirk on his face. She just stared at him. He knew. She had been afraid of the night since she was a teenager.

She stormed back over to him and started yelling at him.

"What the hell do you think you are doing? You can't just come in and yank me out of a bar and take me someplace. Who the hell do you think you are?"

"You were being stupid in there. I know that you were just trying to piss me off and it worked. Are you happy now?" He snapped back at her.

"I wasn't trying to piss you off. I'm not even interested in you anymore. We are just friends. I gave up on getting you. I already told you that a million times." She grabbed him by the shirt and stood on her toes. She kissed him full on the lips. He met her kiss and opened her mouth to let his tongue explore her mouth. When their tongues met they were both hit with a wave of passion. He did not realize how much he would enjoy kissing her and it scared the hell out of him. Damn she was a good kisser. All of a sudden, she pulled away.

After she caught her breath, she looked him squarely in those beautiful blue eyes and said, "Nope, felt nothing. Now get over yourself and take me back to the bar." 

He stared at her for what felt like a full minute and then all of the sudden he grabbed her and kissed her. She tried to pull away but gave in after their tongues met once again. God, he wanted her. He wanted to take her at that moment. He explored every inch of her mouth and played tag with her tongue. He didn't think he could go much longer without throwing her into the back of his truck and making lover to her like he never has to anyone else before. He had never wanted anyone as much as he wanted this woman. He was just too stupid to admit it before now.

She started to try to pull away again but he was not having it.

"If I don't get away from this guy right now I will attack him right here in the parking lot. And then I would be setting myself up for the worst rejection I've ever experienced." She thought to herself. She finally kicked him in the shin and pulled away. 

"What the hell was that for?" he yelled as he bent over to grab his knee.

"I don't know what you think you are doing but I don't want you. When are you going to get that through you head? You will not reject me anymore. Now take back to the bar before I start screaming for help."

His knee was killing him but he was not letting her go. He had to have her and he would no matter what. He grabbed her, threw her against the truck, and kissed her again. He had her arms and legs trapped so she could not kick him again.

He raised her arms up over her head and kissed the hollow of her neck. She moaned and then struggled again.

"This is going to be harder than I thought. Maybe I should just stop and take her back and walk away. She is my best friend. I do not want to lose that, and after this, I will. The only other thing to do is take the next step."

He gently let her arms down and she didn't fight him. He put his hands under her shirt and took her nipple through her bra between his fingers and gently pinched it. She had on a lace bra and he wondered if her panties matched. She was wearing a skirt so taking her right now would be easy. He played with her nipples and she moaned under his tough. She was turning him on so much he couldn't take it anymore. He reached behind her and undid her bra and her beautiful breasts fell into his hands. He picked her up and straddled her on his hips. She smiled and realized what he was doing. He was going to live out the fantasy she had told him about a long time ago.

She reached under his shirt and began to massage his chest. She played with his nipples n return and then she gently and slowly brought her hands down his stomach and to the top of his jeans. She played with his hairs at the tip of his jeans and rubbed herself up against him. As she slowly began to undo his top button, he reached under her skirt and felt the soft wetness through her panties. She was so wet he thought he would explode. We wanted to stick his dick into that wet cootie so bad that it was driving him crazy. She moved her hips up against his fingers. He moved her thong panty to the side and gently massaged her clit. That began to set her off. She couldn't take it anymore. If he didn't take her soon she thought she would die. He gently put one finger into her hot wet juicy cunt and he moaned. He wanted to taste her but this wasn't the place. He wished he had taken her to his house instead of this empty parking lot. He could take her home but he didn't want to wait any longer.

She down his zipper and was beginning to pull out all eight inches of is throbbing cock. She began to get scared because of its size. She didn't think her cunt could handle it. She began to rub her hand up and down his dick and she played with the head. She was never one who liked to give head but she wanted to put her mouth on it and bring her to ecstasy with her mouth and tongue. She was hoping she would be able to suck it sometime in the very near future. She got even more excited at the thought of it and she shuddered.

All of the sudden, he ripped her panties off her. He lifted her skirt higher and raised her shirt up. He took her nipple in his mouth and sucked hungrily. He could not get enough of this woman and he had to enter her now.

He lowered her a little and teased her with the head of his cock. She lifted his head up to look her in the face and she stared into his piercing blue eyes full of lust and pleasure and said, "Now, but slowly. I've never been with anyone of your size and I'm scared. We've talked about this."

He kept his eyes on hers and slowly began to enter her. She trembled and with his eyes asked her if she was alright. She slowly nodded and he put more into her. He went slowly and all of the sudden, she was shuddering uncontrollably. "Oh my god! If this was an orgasm she was addicted!" she thought. He smiled and pushed the rest of his length into her. He moved slowly and she was rocking with him. She wanted that feeling repeatedly. As he began to move faster he felt his own orgasm coming on. He completely forgot if it was hurting her anymore and just concentrated on making her orgasm with him. They had to do it together. He had to make sure of it. He wanted this to be as close to perfect for them as he could get it. Even thou they were in a parking lot, he was bringing her fantasy to life.

All of the sudden he felt her cunt muscles pulsating and he know she was ready. She bit his shoulder to keep from screaming and held onto him for dear life. Her legs were shaking and her whole body had goose bumps. She had never felt anything like this before in her life. She never wanted it to end. She wanted to stay here with him inside her for the rest of her life.

He had never felt an orgasm like this as he did with her. He never knew it could be this good. He began to imaging how much better it would be when they were laying in a bed together and making love for hours. He could not get enough of this woman. He was never letting her go. She was his best friend and now his lover. It was perfect.