 PREVIOUSLY: Jessica was fingered at the restaurant by her boyfriend while fantasizing about Mason, her best friend Anneka's boyfriend. After her orgasm, her oblivious friends think she's sick and Mason offers to drive her home. Outside the restaurant, Mason reveals that she accidentally kicked her panties into his lap while she was getting fingered. Oops!-

*

"Oh my God, Mason, I'm so sorry!" I gushed, my cheeks retaining their post-orgasm glow. "I swear, I can explain!" 

How stupid could I be? I should never have let Oliver finger me at the table, I should never have fantasized about the man in front of me, and I certainly should never have agreed to let Mason drive me home. It seemed I was prone to mistakes this evening.

"No need to." He said nonchalantly, taking his keys from the valet service at the same time. "Hey, I get it. Anneka gave me a hand job when we had dinner with her parents. The whole time I was talking to her dad, too. Personally, I think the risk of getting caught is kinda hot."

"Ew! I so did not need to know that!"

He shrugged and opened the passenger door of his black corvette. His parents were crazy rich, and they had no problem with spoiling their oldest son. I didn't know what his allowance was, but I guessed it had five digits.

After weighing my options, I decided to get in. Hopefully he'd just drop me off at my front door and this would all be over soon. Once he got into the driver's seat and we started driving, I searched for anything to take my mind off him. I wondered how big he was. After Anneka had sex with him for the first time, she told me over the phone that he was huge, but she never gave details. I didn't ask for them, as I didn't really need any more wet dream fuel. His green eyes and tall stature were enough. Plus, he had killer abs. Like, Calvin Klein model abs.

"Can you turn on the radio?" I asked, attempting to get my mind off all things sexual. I didn't need to make a puddle of my own vaginal juices in my dress, especially since my panties were still in his pocket.

Mason turned a knob and the radio buzzed to life. The 80's George Michael hit "I Want Your Sex" blared from the speakers. Flustered, I turned the knob again, only for "Rub You The Right Way" by Johnny Gill to come on. I changed the channel two other times, with "Feel Like Makin' Love" and "All I Want To Do Is Make Love To You" playing before I decided that silence was better. 

"So, I assume you're not a virgin?" Mason spoke up, briefly taking his eyes off the road to smile seductively at me. I wasn't going to answer, but figured I might as well, seeing as he just watched me get fingered in a restaurant. I sighed. 

"No, Mason, I'm not a virgin." 

He took his right hand off the steering wheel and rested it on my thigh, sending tingles up my spine. Glancing over at his lap, I took note of a sizable bulge in his dress pants. I began to melt into his touch in a way Oliver could never make me do, before I forced myself to see reason and slap his hand away.

"I have a boyfriend." I said defiantly, crossing my arms over my chest.

"And I have a girlfriend." He said, stopping at a red light. "So what?" 

I dropped my arms and stared at him with wide eyes. "Have you cheated on Anneka before?" 

"Not yet..." He answered, pressing the gas pedal. "But I'm about to."

Those four words stirred up a cocktail of emotions inside me. I felt horny, guilty, excited, shocked, nervous, conflicted, and...did I mention horny?

"Come on, Jess. You want this..." He put his hand back on my thigh. That seemed to be the move of the night.

Maybe it was my teenage hormones, or our sexual soundtrack, but something inside me made a split second decision to give in.

"Pull over." I said confidently. The instruction seemed to pleasantly surprise him, and he didn't waste any time doing as he was told.

"Yes, ma'am." He teased, shifting the corvette into park.

We just sat there for a minute in anticipation. We were parked on the side of the road in front of a gas station, the neon lights casting red and blue shadows into the car. The place was pretty deserted, with the exception of the occasional passerby. When Mason started to make a move towards me, leaning over to my seat, I held my hand up to stop him. 

"Anneka can't know. Ever." 

"Yeah, of course not." He agreed quickly. I think he would have said anything at that moment to satisfy the monster in his pants. Boys, always thinking with the wrong head.

"And this has to be a one time thing." I continued.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah. Got it." He mumbled, hurrying over his words. Before I could protest, he pressed his mouth against mine, kissing me deeply. It felt...electric. 

I moaned quietly into his lips. Was this really happening? The moment I'd been dreaming about since freshman year? Eager to get things moving faster, I pulled away and turned around, motioning to my zipper. Mason seemed to get the idea and slid it down, exposing my bare back.

"No bra?" He questioned between kisses down my spine. I laughed.

"I'm wearing sticky boobs."

I pulled off the nude backless strapless bra I had stuck to my DD breasts earlier that night. Mason looked at them in confusion.

"They look like...chicken cutlets, or something." He said wonderingly, playing with the squishy pieces of silicone. I giggled. Classic Mason humor. It was the thing that first drew me to him all those years ago. I think that's what did it for Anneka, too. She, however, being the outgoing one, beat me to him. I'd kind of resented her for it since then. 

He tossed the sticky bra over his shoulder, it landing on the floor. I slipped my red mini dress off my shoulders and turned around, exposing my naked breasts. Not to be egocentric or anything, but my tits are fucking amazing. Like, Victoria's Secret boobs. Big and smooth and gravity-defying, with cute pink nipples. I proudly showed them off to Mason, enjoying the way his green eyes turned to saucers at the glorious sight.

"Want a feel?" I offered, shooting him a sexy smile. He could only nod in response, reaching out with a tentative hand. His fingers were unbelievably hot in the cool air. With his right hand on my left breast, he massaged it slowly, giving a light squeeze then gently flicking over my nipple with his thumb. I stood up a little so that my dress could fall off my bare hips, so that my bare shaven pussy was out in the open.

Mason lifted his hand off my breast and placed it between my legs, so that it was cupping my sex. With his other arm, he grabbed the back of my neck and pulled me into him, kissing me passionately. 

"God, Jessica, you're so fucking hot..." He groaned into my mouth. I pulled back. 

"Hey, no fair that I'm naked and you're still fully clothed." I complained, yearning to figure out just how much he was packing down below. If he was anywhere as big as Anneka made him out to be, I was in for a treat.

He grinned and let go of me, now unbuttoning his dress shirt. I had almost forgotten just how nice his body was. As he revealed more of himself to me, I became even more wet. I wondered how that was even possible, seeing as I was already soaked. Once his shirt was off, I subconsciously reached out to touch it, running my hand down his chest. His skin was remarkably smooth, considering he had a fondness for going shirtless.

Once I was done feeling his abs up, I nodded down to his crotch. I could tell that the snake down there was begging to come out. Who was I to deny it?

He eagerly unzipped his pants and kicked them off, revealing a pair of expensive looking boxers. The most shocking part of it, however, was that while his underwear went down to about his mid thigh, about three inches of his penis were sticking out the bottom. If I had been drinking something, I would have spit it out. 

"Holy shit..." I whispered, brushing my fingers against the head of his cock. I had to have it. "Take them off! Now!" I demanded, practically drooling. 

He obeyed with no reservations, sliding his underwear off. Fuck, Anneka wasn't kidding about him being big. Oliver was pretty decent sized, a solid seven inches, but this...this had to be nearly twice that length! And way thicker, too! He must have been over a foot, though not by much. About 13 inches, I guessed. I didn't even know that was possible!

The head was bulbous, disproportionately big to the rest of him. I wondered how I'd even get it in my pussy, even though it was thoroughly lubricated with my own juices. I bent over and took the tip into my mouth, swirling my tongue around it. It was too big for me to take in very far, though, which was a little discouraging. I took pride in my ability to deepthroat my boyfriend, but there was no way I'd be able to take any more than just Mason's head into my mouth. Oh, well.

I did what I could with the enormous thing though, bobbing up and down on it with my mouth. While I did so, he reached out both hands to massage my breasts again, and I hummed on his dick. Oliver always liked that, he said that the vibrations felt good, or something. Mason must have liked it too, because he moaned a little. Not wanting him to cum and spoil the fun too fast, I removed the head from my mouth and stroked him with my hands, the same way I would wring out a washcloth.

"Fuck, you're good..." He groaned. "Way better than Anneka..." 

I stopped cold. Anneka...my best friend! I was about to take a ride on my best friend's boyfriend's cock! Oh my God! And she'd always been so good to me. She'd been the one to give me the confidence to lose my virginity to Oliver, been the one to kick start my modeling career. And this was how I repaid her?

I wasn't able to continue my internal monologue and hash out my guilt, because Mason interrupted me by grabbing my waist with both hands. He, (And I swear I'm not making this shit up) lifted me out of my seat and carried me towards his lap, setting me down so that his cock was sticking up between my legs. I started stroking his cock again as he kissed the back of my neck. From my point of view, it kind of looked like I had a dick, which was weird but oddly erotic.

"Do you have a condom?" I asked, suddenly concerned.

"Oh, shit...Anneka usually takes care of that...she's on the pill." He replied, running his hand through his hair. Well, shit.

"Um..." I was too horny to just stop things there. I wanted him, needed him. "Okay, that's...fine, I guess. Just...you have to pull out, okay? Promise?" 

"I promise." He said quickly. I hoped he was telling the truth. Becoming a teen parent wasn't exactly on my 'to do' list.

I stood up so that I was hovering over his lap. I reached down and grabbed his cock, so as to position it at my sopping wet entrance. Slowly I sat down, panting as I brough the head into my pussy. It hurt, it was so thick. I bit down on my lower lip to keep from shouting in pain. I continued to lower myself onto him. Jesus, he was huge.

"Yeah, baby, just like that..." He moaned. I took my time lowering myself down on him. Surely I couldn't take the whole thing...I was fairly sure that if I did, he would split me in half. I did pretty good, though. I think I made it down about ten inches before I had to stop. There were still three or so inches sticking out, which sucks, but what can you do. I sighed in satisfaction as his cock hit every one of my pleasure spots, without even moving. I lightly sat up, then down again, enjoying the feeling of the thing rubbing against my internal walls.

"Anneka only takes in six inches, tops..." He moaned as I continued to slide up and down. Annoyed, I whipped my head around so that I was looking back at him.

"Can you please stop talking about Anneka?" I chastised, without stopping my steady up-and-down motion.

He didn't respond, probably because he was too wrapped up in pleasure. Mason used his hands to adjust my position, so that I was bent over the steering wheel and he was behind me kneeling on the seat. He kept his dick buried inside me as he moved. I looked over the dashboard out the windshield, watching an elderly woman exit the gas station with a full plastic bag in both hands. I hoped she didn't notice the two high school students fucking in a corvette, though the risk that she would excited me.

Mason began thrusting, making sure not to push me past my limit. Oh, it felt good. Too good. Oliver never made me feel like this. I felt my orgasm building, and couldn't stop myself from moaning with each thrust. 

"Mase, I'm gonna, I'm gonna cum, okay??" I gasped, and my orgasm tightened on his cock, as though it wasn't tight enough already. My clit twitched as he continued thrusting into me, un phased.

"OH, FUCK!" I screamed, sure that the old lady with the groceries would hear me. I didn't care. Mason sped up his motion, moving in and out of me with more gusto. He started grunting in time with my moans, creating a sort of erotic harmony. 

"Jessica...oh, Jessica..." He said between grunts.

"Yeah, baby, fuck me!" I exclaimed, now moving in tune with him so that while he was thrusting into me, I was backing into him. We just worked so well together. "Fuck my pussy like the little whore I am!" I yelled. I sounded like a cliche porn star. It was embarrassing, what he'd turned me into.

That was when I hit his balls. Oh my God, I took the whole thing! I did it! I wasn't even trying! I let out a mix between a moan and a whoop in victory. I noticed that Mason's pace had increased. He was now thrusting harder and faster than ever, so hard I could hear the slapping of his heavy balls against my ass. He had to be close to cumming, right? Oliver had never lasted his long.

"Jess, you feel so good!" He shouted, somehow accelerating even faster. He knew he had to pull out, right? I mean, he promised. He wouldn't lie to me...would he?

My thoughts were interrupted by the feeling of my second orgasm, my pussy convulsing against his enormous monster of a cock. "Babe, I'm gonna, I'm gonna-NNAAGHHH!!" Mason groaned as I felt my insides fill with his semen. No, no, no! This couldn't be happening!

Mason moved his hands onto my hips so that he was holding me on him. I tried to squirm off his dick, but it was too late, and he was too strong. It was hopeless. He kept me firmly placed on his cock, the whole thing lodged tightly inside me as he came. I felt myself filled with his seed, and as much as I hate to admit it, it felt...good. Nobody had ever come inside me without a condom before.

He seemed to cum forever, his cock twitching and unloading in me. It must have been at least two or three minutes that he held me on him, dick unleashing string after string of hot, sticky cum. I almost didn't want it to end.

Finally, he let go of me and I, outraged, pulled myself off him, making a popping noise as the head of his dick left me, and fell back on my seat so that my legs were resting on his knees with me facing him. I glanced down at my stomach, which seemed bloated. Fuck! There was so much of his cum inside me, my stomach was bulging. 

I reached my hand down to my pussy, feeling the stuff leaking out of me and forming a little white puddle on the car seat. In an effort to get the disgusting stuff out of me, I squeezed my vaginal muscles, pushing some of it out. I groaned, annoyed, and sat up.

"I told you to pull out!" I shouted, outraged. He simply stared at me, a dumb expression on his face as his cum coated dick softened in his lap. "What? Are you stupid?! Say something!" I hissed, my naked ass sticking to the car seat.

"I was going to!" He replied weakly. "I just...when you came, it triggered me, and...well, you were really tight, okay? I don't think I could have pulled out during your orgasm if I tried!"

"That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard." I grumbled, crossing my arms.

"What's the big deal, anyway?" He asked. "I'm sure you won't get pregnant. It's only once." He rationalized.

"I-I guess." I replied, weighing my options. He was probably right. I mean, we went to Christian school, so we didn't have sex-ed, so I wasn't positive, but that sounded right. Who get's pregnant the first time?

"See? Everything's fine. Cleaning up is gonna be a bitch, though. I'll just have Loretta do it." He said, pulling up his underwear back on.

"Who's Loretta?" I asked, fixing my hair in the rear view mirror.

"Our maid. She's used to cleaning up after Anneka and I." He grinned, a naughty look in his eyes. Eww. It was kind of gross to imagine some old Hispanic lady wiping up Mason's cum. I pushed the image out of my mind.

I stuck my bra back on my breasts, and slipped my dress back on. Mason zipped it up for me. He drove me to my house, as promised at the beginning of the night. I had to hover over my seat to keep from getting semen on my dress. That would be an awkward stain to explain to my mom.

I got out of the car, slamming the door shut behind me. I started to head towards my front door before remembering that Mason still had my panties. I turned around and knocked on his window, which he then rolled down. I held out my hand, and Mason looked up at my innocently. 

"Can I help you?" He asked, green eyes piercing my soul.

"You know what I want. Now give them back." I said as calmly as I could manage. Mason just smiled. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

I leaned in closer and lowered my voice, so that my parents wouldn't hear from inside. "My panties!" I whispered, seething.

"Oh! Your panties!" Mason didn't bother being quiet. I wouldn't be surprised if the whole neighborhood heard him. I looked around anxiously. "I think I'm gonna hold onto them for a while." He continued. My jaw dropped. The nerve! "You know, some material for my wank bank." He kept going, completely casually. 

I stepped back and placed my hands on my hips as Mason rolled up his window and sped off. Dickhead. I walked towards my door, barefoot with my high heels in one hand. Suddenly the guilt I had been suppressing rushed up to the surface. I fucked Anneka's boyfriend! I'm a terrible best friend. Like, the worst. It was kind of ridiculous.

I made a silent promise to myself that it would never happen again.

Just then, my front door burst open, revealing a very worried looking Oliver. Shit.

"Jessica!" He exclaimed, running towards me. "You should have been back an hour ago! What took so long?!"

I had to think on my feet to come up with a good excuse. "Um...on the way back, Mason...popped a tire. We had to call to have somebody come fix it. Sorry." I said, feeling a little bit of cum slide out of my vagina and slide down my thigh, though not below the hem of my dress. I clenched my legs together to prevent any more leakage. This whole situation was so fucked up.

"Wow, that sucks." He said, looking slightly less worried.

"Yeah. But, um...what are you doing at my house? Have you been here the whole time?"

"Well, I was hoping that we could finish what we started at dinner..." He reached out to grab my hand, which I pulled away from him.

"Sorry, I'm not in the mood. Plus, my parents are home." I explained.

Those weren't the real reasons I didn't feel like getting it on in my bedroom. 1st of all, I couldn't risk Oliver finding another man's cum in my vagina. 2nd of all, my pussy still ached from taking Mason's entire 13 inches. Plus, fucking two guys in one night just made me feel like too much of a slut...not that I wasn't one.