 This is my first time posting on literotica, I hope you enjoy, please rate and comment. I'm looking for an editor and also suggestions to help me with the story. Thanks and I hope you enjoy the story.

-Blaqwidow

*

Ever since I laid eyes on my best friend Janelle's brother I knew that at some point in time we were going to fuck I just didn't know when, until today that is.

This whole thing started when I decided we should go to Boston for the Fourth of July being that the town we lived in wasn't shit, the guys were whack, and the dick supply was scarce, well for me anyways. She decides that we should stay with her brother's family being that she was adopted so getting to know them would just be part of the stay; plus a free place to crash at I wasn't complaining. I'd seen what her siblings looked like online but never in person since she did just reconnect with them a year or so ago besides Facebook photos and reality can definitely make or break what someone looks like. We took the bus from Worcester to Boston actin up disturbing passengers and doing stupid shit being 20 (me) and 19 (her) we definitely acted immature for ages but at times when shit got serious we knew how to act. When we touched down in Boston we came out of the bus terminal and waited to meet her older brother Antoine. When I first saw him I just looked at my friend and smiled and mouthed, "He's cute, no wait he's sexy," while she just rolled her eyes like, "damn bitch you couldn't wait to get to know him first." 

If you saw him you would have said the same thing. At 23, Antoine is at least 6ft. 4in tall with medium chocolate skin; he has an athletic body but doesn't work out much. He keeps his hair in a fade cut with deep waves like Usher did in the 90's. He has chocolate brown eyes with gold flakes around the irises. He had the deepest dimples and the sexiest smile. He has the most kissable lips and the biggest mouth that makes a girl want to imagine that mouth all over her body. His hands are massive with nice long medium sized fingers that one can only imagine going deep inside your pussy rubbing your g- spot while using his tongue to flutter and flick all over your pussy. Ah, and his voice is sensual and deep that he could just melt the panties right off a girl if he wanted to; he is just that damn fine.

We made the introductions and waited for the bus to head over to where we'd be staying for the holiday and hopefully the rest of our trip. That night we met the "corner thugs" and the "you need to know who I am" dudes, and the thirsty fools that tried to impress us with their wanna- be, arrogant, cocky so- called swag, but really they just came off as a whole bunch of broke ass, living with they momma fools. We drank Ciroc and chilled on the stoop outside the apartments they lived in and just enjoyed the night.

The next couple days went by a blur and next thing we knew it was Saturday. That day I decided to wear an asymmetrical dress from Forever 21. It has a long train in the back and to short open sides in the front so when the wing blew I had to hold it down or everyone was getting a view of my lacy boy shorts. Of course the street fools loved it because the wanted to get a peek at "new pussy" but I was saving, it for only one guy, Antoine. We chilled outside waiting for him to get off work being a workaholic, he'd rather make money than waste his time doing nothing like the rest of the fools on his street. I admired that about him. He wasn't afraid in showing how to be a real man but had his fun too. When he got home he changed into some basketball shorts and a tee and came outside. By then everyone started drinking again and brought up sex, the topic all drunken people like to explore and be open on. 

We started talking about dick sucking if you do it and how you do it. I'm not ashamed of my game I know I suck dick and I enjoy it not to please my partner but I'm one of those individuals who gets pleasure from pleasing people. When my friends turn came up she started going in on how she sucks dick and said, "I got big ass lips what else would I use them for, they damn sure ain't going to waste by being on my face. I suck dick and I enjoy it," this is just how open she is, but being just like her it didn't faze me, her brother however looked at her with a "I don't wanna hear this, so shut up look." However, when it came to my turn he looked at me as if he was interested on what I had to say. So I looked at him and said "I suck dick just like I love my coffee. Like a medium iced caramel latte with whipped cream and caramel swirled on top. And like my coffee I savor it to every last drop not letting anything go to waste." He looked at me as if I just answered his prayers. So then the question do you spit or swallow, we followed up with the famous line "Spitters are quitters." That got a lot of appraisal from the guys, but her brother looked at me and asked "Do you spit or swallow?" I looked him in the eye and said "Weren't you listening earlier? I swallowing let it go down like takin' a shot I don't like to waste what's been given." He goes "Damn girl you greedy. You don't like to play wit it or share?" I said "No I don't like to waste time especially when it come dick sucking." He just gave a grunt of approval. So I asked him how good he was at pussy eating and how he did it. He goes "I treat sex like a three course meal. Appetizer, dinner and desert. Pussy eating is the appetizer. First I kiss her outter lips and then I open her up and blow on her clit just to get her prepared. Then I start licking her pussy slowly from her pussy hole to her clit just to start her to moisten up a bit. Then I gather a lot of spit on the tip of my tongue and I spit into her pussy and take my middle and index finger and start finger fucking her while nibbling and sucking on her clit. Just as she cums I gather more spit and spit on her pussy and finger fuck her a bit more just as she is winding down and building up for another wave." 

"Just as she's about to hit her second wave I stop and I climb up and grab both her legs put them on my shoulders and go slow, steady, and deep. Dinner starts when I push the head of my dick in, sometimes I have trouble getting it in cuz it be too big for some girls. As soon as I get it in I start fucking her slowly and then speed up hitting her spots and rubbing her clit so she can cum multiple times, making her pussy wetter and slicker for me to sink in. After I fuck her can bust my nut I give her desert. Desert is when I go down on her once more and make her cum that one last time. Then I get up and get dressed and let her think about everything we did"

When he first started describing his "appetizer", I couldn't help but imagine him between my legs giving my pussy the royal treatment with that gifted mouth of his. He knew what he was doing because he could tell I was getting turned on from the way my breathing pattern changed, and I felt that he could smell my arousal and wanted to see how far he could go corrupting my mind with such dirty explicit images. Hearing this I could tell he was a cocky, arrogant asshole and knew that he had me because he could tell how I wanted, needed and desired to be fucked. I just had to have him and I needed my friend to help me get him.

Soon everyone started pairing off into couples my friend Janelle paired off with this short dude Rell, he was a little over confident and short in my taste. Me being 5ft 2in and him being 5ft 8in wasn't doing it besides it wasn't him that had my panties soaking wet it was Antoine that had my mind racing. I was a little worried that he wouldn't go for someone like me being short and big for my size; he seems like the type to go for smaller girls with some weight but he didn't seem to mind. Then again I do carry my weight well that when I tell people how much I weigh they looked surprised but it's probably because of my 38 D breast size and 40 in waist with an ass that is round like a Georgia peach. I got a tummy but it only accentuates my curves. Janelle on the other hand is 5ft 7in with legs for days a small breast size and a tiny butt. She has an almond complexion and flat stomach with a fiery personality to match. 

After everyone started going off with this person and that person me and Antoine looked at each other and decided what the hell we might as well pair off besides I didn't want him to leave me with one of the corner fools or leave off with one of the hoodrats that called him "baby daddy" every time we walked passed them. Talk about thirsty, smh. 

"So Joelle", He goes "Are you enjoying your stay in the hood? I'm sure it's not as fancy where you're from but I bet its better." Quite frankly it was better with its lively attitude but I enjoyed the peace and quiet at home plus at night we didn't have to lock our doors or worry about getting shot but I didn't say that I just said "Yea, I'm having a good time I enjoyed meeting you guys, you don't know how happy she is to meet all of her siblings and building a relationship with you all." 

"Thanks for coming out here though, we prolly wouldn't have met if it wasn't for her besides I wanna take you somewhere where we can have some privacy and no interruptions" he said walking down the street with me following at his side.

"Where are you taking me?"

"Girl relax we ain't going far just a bit more, besides I know what you want from me and it ain't to talk about my sister besides she's prolly off getting to know Rell better as we speak"

"True, but you're still not telling me where we going" I said as he lead me to an abandoned house around the corner. 

"Look Joelle, I'm not into playing childish games so if you wanna do this you better come on otherwise we can go back and wait till Janelle gets back"

"Damn Toine, I wasn't tryin to play no games I was tryin to figure out what was goin on you never let on that you were inter---" Antoine brought his face to mine and kissed me to shut me up. That kiss sparked of something because next thing I knew I was dragging him into the abandoned house trying to find a room for us to get busy in.

"Damn girl slow down, we got time. I must've set you off with what I said" he says halting my movements.

"Well I did realize I was over thinking and was being a little childish like I didn't know what was going on but I didn't think this would be happening especially with you."

"Why?"

"Because look at you, I don't seem like the type you normally go for and plus I don't know if you got a girl or if you're talking to someone or---"

"I'm single" he interrupted, "and you are my type, you just over think and are too smart for your own good, now follow me and I'll give you a night to remember" he turned to walk up the stairway.

We ascended up the stairs where we took a left turn into the first bedroom. He whipped out a lighter and found a candle on the floor and proceeded to light all the candles in the room. I noticed there was a makeshift bed in the corner and asked, "I hope you don't think I'm layin on that nasty ass thing who knows who's been up in here"

"Nobody but me, no one knows about this place. I come here to distress when I want to get away from my crazy ass moms or I just wanna be alone. I only come in the summer though, the winter ain't as comforting." he laughs, and turns and walks over to me and grabs my hand to pull me into the room.

Almost tripping on my dress, I fall into him and start laughing and he gets thrown of balance and looks at me and my clumsiness and starts giving me a beautiful dimpled smile. He steadies me in front of him and leans down and kisses me softly on the lips. Once, twice, then starts to open my mouth with his tongue deepening the kiss, pulling me closer to him where I start to feel him harden beneath his shorts on my stomach. I run my fingers over his waves down his back and place my hands under his shirt to mimic the scratching that is yet to come. He then slides his hands down my sides grips my ass and squeezes it and gives it a nice smack making me whimper into his mouth, again making him smile with delight. He then brings his hands forward and pulls apart the split of my dress and takes his left hand and starts rubbing my pussy through my lace boy shorts causing me to shudder with want and causing my wet pussy to get wetter. Feeling the dampness of my pussy he rips his finger through the lace and starts rubbing my pussy lips all while kissing me deeply and whispering in my ear telling me how he can't wait to get inside me and how wet he makes me.

Becoming bold I grab his dick through his shorts and marvel at his size. He is a good 10in long with a 2 ½ in in girth. All I could think of was how is this gonna fit inside my tiny pussy. Sensing that he could read my mind he goes "don't worry it'll fit I'll make it nice and wet so that he'll just slide right on in" and he smiles, knowing that in a couple minuets I'm going to be speechless. Getting tired of the fondling I get extremely horny and tell him to rip my panties off. He looks at me like I lost my mind because after we'd finish I'd have to walk back without any underwear. I ask him "whose really gonna be looking that hard?" he goes "I am now since you such in a hurry to get started," he grabs my panties and rips them off making the crotch rub against my clit as the fall to my feet in one piece. 

"Was that so hard to do?" I retort.

"No. But I don't like the idea of your bare pussy being exposed to anyone but me. Now come on girl I got a meal that I need to dine on and I am very hungry." He replies as he leads me to the bed. I notice that it has fresh sheets and feel a little better sitting on the bed even though I don't want to. Taking my dress off he pulls it over my head and throws it across the room. I begin to unsnap my bra but he halts my movements and brings his fully clothed body against my naked one. We start kissing as if we were old lovers slow and sensual compared to the first kiss outside the house. He makes his way from my lips to my collar bone where he licks, sucks, giving me a hickey loving his mark on my body. He slides my bra straps down and begins kissing the tops of my breasts proceeding to take my bra off. He devours my right breast while palming the other. He flicks his tongue across my nipples causing them to swell and harden, mimicking what he's going to do to my pussy later. He gives the left breast the same amount of love; every time I make a move to take off he clothes he halts my hands and just puts them over my head, loving the torture or me not being able to access his body as free as he has his access to mine. He slowly descends his way down my body leaving heated kissed along the path. 

He spreads my legs apart and greets my bald pussy with a look of appreciation and hunger. He spreads my pussy lips with his left hand and greets my pussy with a long sensuous lick. Marveling at how wet I am already he just licks up my essence into his mouth as if he was having his favorite meal on his birthday. Unable to control myself I start bucking against his tongue and start moaning his name twisting the sheet in my hands. He stops as he senses I'm about to cum, I look at him with anger, lust and desire. He smiles and takes his index and middle finger into his mouth and pushes the thick digits into my tight awaiting pussy. He begins finger fucking my while licking my clit just as he said he would, he spits on my pussy and takes his who finger to spread his saliva making me wetter. He notices that when he touches my clit I start panting and moaning louder so with his to fingers he rubs my pussy fast like his fingers were a vibrator on the highest speed making cum and gush so much a thick white liquid starts coming out. "Ahhh fuuucccck, tooineeee fuuuuuckkkk" I scream. Surprised he goes "Damn girl, I made you nut real hard, now I gotta taste it, and get more." Continuing to eat his treat I start feeling left out because I wanted to do something in return, he was enjoying my pussy so much I just let him continue to enjoy his feast. After my third orgasm, I made him stop before he made me too weak to do anything.

When he stopped I said, "Antoine, baby can you get naked now. You've seen me now I gotta see you. Come one it's my turn now."

"Oh, it's your turn? Well shit come get it, I just couldn't stop eating that juicy pussy of yours" he replied standing up taking off his shirt to reveal a six pack and a tribal tattoo on his right arm.

"It's ok baby cuz we are just getting started" I said as I yanked down his basketball shorts and admired him in his naked glory.

Getting on my feet I kissed him and though I should mark my territory too and left a hickey on his neck and then licked his nipples working my way down to my 10in friend that awaited me. Getting to his clavicle I decided to leave another hickey so that he would forget who he was messing with. When I finally reached his dick I kissed the head and licked the precum that gathered at the tip of it. He tasted soo good I said "mmmm, you were tryin to keep me away from this, oh you are about to get it," before he could reply I took him in my mouth and heard him silently say "Oh shit" as I started giving him the best blowjob he ever had. Gathering spit in my mouth, I coated his dick with my saliva going up and down to catch a rhythm and making him slicker to go in and out my mouth easier. He was definitely a mouthful and then some. I pulled his dick out with a "Pop" and gave his balls some attention. Putting his balls in my mouth, I suck on each one while jerking his shaft up and down. I could tell he never had his balls pleasure during sex because he looked down at me with amazement and threw his head back as I continued giving them love. After I was done sucking his balls I went back to sucking his dick where he started moving his hips to a fucking motion in my mouth. I gagged a little but that turned him on even more and he started moving faster fucking my face; while I was massaging his balls with my hand while jerking him with the other. "Fuck girl, I'm bout to cum" he yells and I just keep sucking him harder and spiting more on his dick making him slide in and out. I feel the first wave of his cum shoot out and I gulp it down not wasting a drop. I never had a guy cum so much it started overflowing in my mouth and coming out on the corners of my mouth. I just used it as more lubrication and continued sucking him off until he finished. Breathing hard he pulls himself out of my mouth and goes "Girl, that was the best head I've ever had"

"I told you I don't like to waste yummy treats" I said.

"You ready for dinner" he goes.

"I could eat" and I smile grabbing him so that he could come closer to me on the bed. Laying back we look at each other and see the damage we'd done to one another. Spreading my legs apart he positions himself at my entrance and rubs against my slit and slapping the head of his dick on my slit. "You ready girl?" before I could answer he takes the head of his dick and pushes it into me causing me to scream out in pain. "Ahhh, hold up, hold up, let me just adjust" I say. Halting his movements he pulls out slowly and pushes back in, "Damn girl you so fucking tight" he says, "No you're too fucking big" I reply. After a while he finally pushes all the way in and the feeling is amazing like entering nirvana. Gripping his dick with my walls he pushes in and revels on the feeling of going raw. Not thinking about protection, we just enjoy feeling each other naturally. He feels my pussy start to accommodate his size and brings my legs over his shoulder so he could fuck me deeper. He pulls out and rubs the head on his dick on my clit and slaps my pussy with his dick. I whimper and sigh. 

"Whose pussy is this?" he asks.

"Yours" I reply.

He slides 2in in and continues to taunt me. "Whose. Pussy. Is. This. Joelle? He thrusts into me hard with emphasis on the question. "You won't get all of me till you tell me who you belong to."
