 I was in heaven. My best friend's cute 18 year old cousin had her lips wrapped around my cock, her new found c cup tits free of her bikini, swaying with the motion of her head bobbing up and down on my cock, and I had not a care in the world. The only thoughts running through my mind just then were how much I was looking forward to tasting the tight little pussy that was still hiding behind a bikini bottom and how fantastic her tight pussy would feel around my hard cock.

But let's back up a few years.

My best friend and I had been, well, best friends, since we were in first grade. We were practically inseparable. He was an only child, and myself the youngest of three brothers, so we usually found ourselves at his huge house. His parents had about 3,500 square feet on about four acres of land, and a huge pool as well. Summer vacations were paradise. And his mom had big tits, so that never hurt my motivation to go over there either.

After a few years, I was as good as family there. I was the second son his parents never had, and I spent more time there then at my own home. The first time I met Sascha was at the family reunion. She was an awkward, skinny, tomboy thing that that delighted in running around the pool throwing stuff at me. Very much the annoying little sister type. 

As the summers went by, the family reunions kept coming. My friend and I started getting into girls, him mostly chasing and fucking any and everything he could, and myself falling into the plucky sidekick roll. Destined to lust after all of his conquests, but never lucky (or mostly brave enough) enough to get any of my own. We were both 20 by now, attending local universities, and enjoying the summer break. He was busy chasing the ass of a married milf with big fake tits who worked down the street, and was delighting in telling me about how he had fucked her in the back of the store after it closed one day as we drove back from the grocery store. Granted, she was a hot piece of ass... but I really wasn't in the mood for hearing about this again.

We pulled up to his house to a line of cars already parked in front, it was barely 10am. "Geez, some people are a bit anxious," I shot over. "No doubt your dad already has a can of beer in his hand." We grabbed the groceries his mom had asked to run and get and started heading around the house to the back. You couldn't have asked for better weather; clear blue skies, a predicted 85 degrees for a high, and a light breeze to keep things cool. A perfect summer day.

"Heads up!" I felt a beach ball bounce off the back of my head. And it starts already, the thought ran through my head. I turned around to glare at Sascha, knowing she was the only one possible to throw something at me. As I turned around, my heart skipped and my cock twitched. A year's time had done her very well. I did my best to hide my surprise. 

"Thanks, just what I wanted," I shot back. I kicked the ball back in her general direction as I took a moment to check her out. She was wearing a white cami top over a bright red bikini, the bright red showing clear as day through the light fabric of her top. Her tits had easily filled out to c cups, the cami showing off her generous cleavage. And to round things out, she had on a tiny pair of shorts that showed off her long lean legs. Taking full advantage of my dark sunglasses, I stared at her as long as I dared before it became too awkward. "Good to see you too, Sascha," I added with as much sarcasm as I could manage as I turned away, in hopes that it would defuse some of the tension that built up in those split seconds.

My friend's mom kept us busy for the next hour or two helping prep food and do other odd chores around the house as the rest of the family showed up. There was easily 50 people here, and it seemed like more were coming by the minute. "Ugh, let's get out of here, my mom is working us to death. Let's go jump in the pool for a few"

I didn't protest, I was getting sick of chopping up veggies and arranging plates. That and I figured Sascha would be hanging around the pool, I was itching to get a closer look at her in that bikini. I certainly wasn't disappointed. I caught her splashing around in the shallow end with one of the younger cousins. She was up to her waist in water, and her tits were flailing around as she bounced and splashed. I jumped in the water as fast as I could to hide my growing erection.

It didn't take long for her to find me, despite intentionally staying away after I first jumped in. A squishy pool frisby bounced off the side of my head. I turned towards where I knew she was at and gave her a scowl, and was treated by the view I was waiting for. She was standing in the shallow section, water up to her thighs, leaning over laughing hysterically at me. Her tits fell forward in her bikini, giving a fantastic view of her cleavage, and the tiny side-tie bikini bottom didn't cover much. I was lucky I was in the pool. My cock would've tried touching her all the way across the pool if it could have, only the fabric of my swim suit holding it back from trying. 

I smiled back and started swimming towards her as fast as I could. I wasn't about to let an opportunity like this pass by. I looked up from all the splashing water to see her running for the deep end as fast as she could, but I had a much better head start and I was actually swimming, not running in the shallow end like she was trying. I caught up to her before she got in too deep, found the bottom of the pool and pushed off, lunging at her the best I could. I wrapped my arms around her, making sure to accidentally grab as much boob as I could, and dragged her down under the water with me. It was a perfect take down, and her tit felt fantastic as I squeezed it. Taking my victory, I let her go and came back to the surface. She popped up in front of my half a second later.

"Jerk," she smiled at me. I barely blinked the water out of my eyes before she lunged out of the water at me the best she could, trying to dunk me back. She threw her hands on my shoulders and tried pushing down, only to plant her boobs right in my face. Her smooth skin of her cleavage pressed up against my cheeks, swallowing my head before she finally succeeded in pushing me under the water. I surfaced right behind her and quickly grabbed her, pulling her in tight. My cock had to be poking her in the ass, but I didn't care. Both of my arms were wrapped around her stomach, pressed to the underside of her boobs, pushing them up just out of the water.

"You ready?" I asked. She started flailing as much as she could trying to get away from the dunk that we both knew was coming. If she had noticed my cock at all, she certainly wasn't giving it away. "1, 2..." I pulled her back under before I hit 3. 

This was our usual routine every year, but we were both getting a little more touchy feely than usual. She never made a grab for my cock, but she wasn't being shy about wrapping around me and pressing herself up against me. We went at it for a little while longer before some of the little ones joined in, and we eventually toned it down for them. My friend eventually dragged me out of the pool to go get a bite to eat. "Sascha's really going after you," he shot through a bite of a hamburger.

"Oh come on, we do this every year." Which was true, but last year she could still pass as being 10 years old. And not only her tits, but the rest of her had matured quite a bit too. She actually had hips and an ass now. We soon got surrounded by family wanting to know all about all the pointless bits in our life, and the time wasted away in the summer day.

It eventually became dark out and a lot of the family with younger kids started to head for home. The older cousins all hid out in the basement around the pool table. I chit chatted with Sascha for a few, but nothing quite like when we were back in the pool. She had put her cami back on, but left her shorts off, and it was having quite the affect on me. She looked spectacular. It was her turn to shoot, and as she was leaning over to take her shot, one of her cousins leaned over and slapped her on the ass. "Holy shit, Sascha! When'd you get that thing?" Everyone around the room laughed.

She blushed horribly, "Oh shut up Becky." She glanced over my way quickly, then quickly took her shot. Sascha was the baby of the group, my friend and I were in the middle of the age range. Becky had turned 21 in the past year and was taking advantage of all the beer laying around the house. 

"Oh come on, every boy has to be chasing that thing! Do I need follow my cute little cousin around and make sure she isn't getting naughty with all the boys?" she retorted in her best baby speak voice. It obviously got to her, as she blushed and gave a dirty look at her cousin. "Or is it that you're too afraid of boys and wouldn't know what to do with one even if you caught one!" 

"Oh bite me!" Sascha threw the closest couch pillow at her from across the room, nearly spilling a table full of beers. Everyone burst out laughing, and the conversation quickly moved on. I was watching Sascha though.. could that really be it? Had she never been with a boy before? I kind of found it surprising, giving the killer body she had, I just figured she'd been hounded by every boy in school. Maybe her reputation kept them all away. 

She finished her shot then headed off to the bathroom, the wheels spinning in my head. What the fuck, why not. I gave her just a minute then headed off to the bathroom myself, waiting outside for her to finish. I timed it just right, reaching the bathroom right as she opened the door. She gave me a quick smile, nearly stopping my heart, then motioned for her to come over for a second. I took a quick look to make sure no one at the pool table could see us, and I whispered in her ear. "Five minutes, then meet upstairs in your cousin's old bedroom. I'll meet you up there."

She gave me a puzzled look for just a second, then nodded her head and headed back to the table. I couldn't help but stare at her ass in that bikini... damn, I hoped this would work. I quickly finished in the bathroom and headed straight up stairs. There was still a pretty good crowd going, and no one seemed to pay any attention as I made my way up to the bedrooms upstairs. No one was up here, just as I suspected. Now time to wait.. I left the door open only a crack, letting in a small ray of light from the rooms outside, but otherwise it was dark in the room. Time seemed to take forever... I started to think that she wasn't going to come find me. 

Finally the door slowly opened, and she peeked in to see if I was there. "Just me, come on it," I whispered. "Shut the door behind you." Her silhouette crept in the room and shut the door, and I turned on a small light in the corner of the room. Holy shit, I wanted to fuck this girl. I did everything I could to keep from jumping on her right then. 

"What's with all the hush hush, sneaking around stuff?" she asked.

"I wanted to ask you, but didn't want to bring it up in front of Becky and the others. I was watching how you reacted when she was giving you a hard time about the boy thing, have you ever been with a boy before?" My heart was pounding in my chest, anxious to see how she'd react. I'd either get smacked upside the head, or...

She blushed and looked down at the floor. "No..." she slowly said. 

Before she could start making excuses, I walked over and hugged her. "It's ok, I'm not going to make fun of you for it." I could feel her tits pressed up against my chest. "It's nothing to be ashamed of. It's actually pretty good that you made it this far."

"Yea, whatever," she shot back, still holding on. My cock was now full mast, she had to notice it pressing into her.

"Tell you what... I have a one time, special offer for you. I will teach you everything there is to know about boys, so when you finally find one you want, you won't have to be embarrassed about not knowing anything." Her eyes shot up at me, giving me a slightly puzzled look. 

"You mean, like..."

"Sure, I am a boy after all... I do have the necessary equipment to show you things that girls can only talk about." She thought about it for a moment or two, then smiled.

"Ok, you've got a deal. You better be a good teacher though, I don't want to get ripped off."

"I promise, you will not be disappointed. So where to start," I paused. I already knew where I wanted to start, but I had to put on at least a bit of an act. "Have you ever seen a cock before? Up close, in person?" She shook her head. "Ok, guess we have to start from the very beginning then." She was staring at the bulge in my swim suit, her eyes giving the look of a wild animal that hadn't eaten in weeks. I certainly had her attention, and it was time to keep pushing. I pulled my shirt off and undid the tie on the front of my suit. It was all or nothing, so I hooked the sides of my swim suit with my thumbs and yanked down, sending my cock flying as it sprung out from the confines of my clothing. 

Sasha's mouth dropped a little bit, her breathing noticeably quickened. "Go ahead, you can touch it if you want. The trick is to start slow and light. It's a huge tease for guys if you just lightly graze over it." Now I'm not going to brag too much, but I have a nice cock. A solid six and a half inches with plenty of girth, with the tip of my cock bulging out just a bit. Sasha slowly reached out and ran her fingers along the shaft, following my instructions to the letter. She slowly brushed up and down, before wrapping her hand all the way around. "Guys love it if you play with their balls too, just don't squeeze too hard. Just gently knead them." 

I let her carry on, exploring my cock with her hand for several minutes, giving her little bits of advice here and there. She got a huge delight when she squeezed the base of my cock, causing the head to mushroom way out. It was time to push more though. I reached down and grabbed her cami and started pulling it up over her head. She released my cock long enough to raise her arms up to let me pull it all the way off. Her beautiful tits just sat there under her bikini, begging for me to release them. I held back for just a second though.

"Now, it's important to talk to your partner. If they're doing something you like or don't like, make sure you tell them. And never take comments from your partner in a bad way. The worst thing you could do is think they don't like you or what your doing, just because you're doing something that doesn't feel good. After a while, you'll learn to read them to know what they like and don't like just from how they react. But that also means don't let your partner do something that doesn't feel good just because you think he wants it. If he cares, he'll want nothing more than to please you and make you feel good." 

Her hand went back to my cock after nodding in acknowledgement, stroking it with a bit more pressure now and a bit more speed. She looked up and smiled at me, obviously enjoying playing with my cock. I couldn't wait any longer, so I reached forward and pulled her tits free of her bikini. Her nipples were small and very pink, and rock hard from all the excitement. "And you have the most glorious pair of tits I have ever seen... how the boys aren't killing each other to get to you is beyond me." She just smiled and pumped harder. I took her soft boobs in my hands, cupping them and pinching her nipples. She gasped, pushing her chest forward in my hand, my cock momentarily forgotten as the new source of pleasure assaulted her. 

"Mmm, that feels good, keep pinching them."

That was all the encouragement I needed. I pinched and played with them, rolling them around between my thumb and fingers as they got harder and harder. Her eyes were closed as she pulled her lower lip into her mouth, biting on it. Her hand was just resting on my cock, not moving still. "Stand up for a second, if you loved that, you're really going to love this." She eagerly bounced up, presenting her swollen nipples to me. I reached down and grabbed her ass and pulled her into me, my mouth reaching down to take one of her nipples in my mouth. My tongue danced around between sucking and taking small nibbles, as my other hand found her other breast. 

My hand on her ass slowly massaged it through the bikini, reaching around between her legs to tease the entrance to her pussy through the fabric. She took a sharp breath in as I rubbed, the sensation of being touched like that quickly overcoming her. I broke away from her nipple and slowly kissed up her chest, stopping to tease her neck and earlobe with kisses and nibbles. She melted in my arms as I finally made it to her lips, kissing her for several minutes before I finally broke away. She giggled as she regained herself, going back down on to her knees in front of me. "So you've taught me about handjobs, what about blowjobs?" she asked, wrapping her hand back around my cock.

"You couldn't have asked at a better time. Go ahead, give it a little kiss," I encouraged. She leaned forward, kissing the very tip of my cock. She gave it a couple more little kisses, before taking all the head in her mouth. "Ohhh, that's fantastic. Just start nice and slow again. Lick, suck, and tease with your tongue as long as I can stand it." She pulled her mouth off my cock long enough to look up and smile at me, then went right back to work on it. She was quickly catching on, playing with my balls in one hand as she sucked and licked my hard cock. "See how much of it you can get in your mouth," I encouraged.

She quickly took up the challenge, slowly starting to inch her way down my cock. I could feel it start to hit the back of her throat when she got a little past halfway, but she kept on going about another inch before she backed all the way off, catching her breath. "Fuck, I almost had it."

I was in heaven, and could barely speak. "Oh don't worry, you are doing fantastic. But feel free to keep trying," I smiled. She dove back on, this time pumping up and down on my cock with her lips locked around it. "Of fuck, yes," I groaned. "Don't stop!" She made a couple more trips up and down my cock before trying to get it all in again, this time she was able to get the tip of her nose to just brush above my cock, before pulling back. Determined to get it all in, she tried once more. She wrapped her hands around on my ass, pulling me in to her. I couldn't hold it anymore as she finally hit bottom. "Of fuck, Sascha, I'm going to cum." 

What happened next will go down in the annals of my life. To say I shot my load would not be giving it credit. Guns shoot and put holes in things. Tanks shoot and level buildings. This was an eruption that levels towns and cities. Poor Sascha clung to my ass as best as she could as my body spasmed, sending every ounce of cum it could possibly muster into her willing mouth. When I was finally done shooting my load, she released her death grip on my cock and leaned back, wiping her mouth. "Holy shit," she laughed through a mouthful of cum, "I've never seen anything like that. That was fucking amazing." She stuck a finger in her mouth and tried to scoop up some of my cum, eyeing it, then licked it off her hand before swallowing every drop she could.  

I had already collapsed on the floor, my legs giving out after the massive orgasm Sasha had put me through. I kept having tiny little aftershocks that would cause my entire body to spasm for a moment, and it took a few minutes before I finally caught my breath. "Wow Sashca, that was amazing... and I'm not just telling you that, it was fucking unbelievable." 

She smiled at the compliment and crawled towards me on her hands and knees, kissing me when she finally got close enough. We chased each other's tongues, the taste of my cum still on her sweet lips. "I think it's time I give you another lesson. Why don't you stand up." She she gave me one more kiss on the lips before popping up on her knees, sticking her boobs in my face for just a minute before standing up all the way. I ran my hands up the back of her legs, grabbing her ass, before hooking my fingers over her bikini bottoms. I slowly slid them off her, with her giving a little shake of her hips to help them slide off.
