 After first meeting Matt, I had had several hot and steamy fantasies. Even going so far as to imagine my own boyfriend, Tim, whose looks differed from Matt’s as night differs from day, was really Matt when the rare occasion that we had sex rolled around. Tim was 6’7 in his bare feet and weighed in easily at 180 pounds. Plus his light, cool blondness was an exact opposite for Matt’s darker sensuality. I know that he knew I was fantasizing the last time we’d had sex, only because I carelessly called out Matt’s name. Fortunately, at the time, Tim knew nothing of Matt, nor did he question me.

Katy and I hung out more and more. Often taking Abbi here or there, enjoying summer in St. Louis. The Zoo was a favorite for Katy. I don’t know why. Besides Abbi delighted in being around Katy.

Finally the end came in my divorce. I had won. I had custody of my daughter, A great boyfriend (when he was in town) and great friends. My only disappointment was with how the broken relationship with my girlfriend, Tracy turned out. Katy, who was interested in becoming my girlfriend, had met Tracy on a handful of times and they seemed to have gotten along well for an ex and a possible future.

While at work one day, I took a break with Dan in stock. 

“Hey, guess what Bunny?” He always called me Bunny. It was a standing joke because I worked in Small animals. PetSmart was an interesting place to work, and I loved the people, plus Katy was right next door at Boarders. Anytime I went over there on break, I hoped Matt might be visiting her too. 

“What, Sprinkles?’ Don’t ask me how that nickname started. It was a hilarious joke amongst Mo and me.

“Stop calling me that, you know I hate it!”

Yeah, I know, that’s why I do it.” I said giving him my best grin. I had developed a little bit of a crush on Dan since we’d met, but he wasn’t exactly my typical type. Plus I was taken…And by two men at that. Only one wasn’t aware of it yet. 

“Anyway, go on, guess…You’ll never guess.” 

“O.K. So tell me then!”

“Me and the band got a gig over at Kreepy this Monday night.”

“No way! Oh that is awesome. I’ll be there for sure.”

“Great really? I know Russ will be there, and I know he wants to see you.”

“Ooh” I groaned. Russ used to work with us, but had decided to join the Army or Navy or something like that. We had had a bit of a fling but it didn’t last long. He was cute and sweet, but that was it. When he quit so did I. I quit on any relationship hat we might have had. Not to mention, Tim found out.

“Oh Come on Bunny,” Dan said sweetly, putting his arm around me as we headed back into the store. “The guy misses you. He really had it bad for you, you know.”

“Yeah, well, it was a pretty raw deal, him up and joining the Military. What was I supposed to do? Twiddle my thumbs and wait?”

“No Bun, but be nice on Monday O.K.?”

“Yeah, yeah, sweet as arsenic, O.K. Sprinkles?” I kissed his cheek and headed over to my podium to watch Jeremy position his precious live plants. 

After work, I called Tracy on my way home to see what was up, and Katy beeped in on my call waiting.

“Hey Babe.” I said casually as I answered the phone.

“Can I come over for a bit tonight?” She asked sounding unusually desperate.

“Sure I’m on my way home now, why don’t you meet me there. Stay the night. Abbi loves it when you come over.”

“O.K. Thanks I’ll see ya soon” With that she hung up.

Well it was a perfect time to tell her about the Kreepy Krawl and Dan, I thought. She can help me with my clothes and my make up. I am definitely no good at trying to dress punk. I try to mostly be clean cut and rather preppy as is my style, but the Kreepy Krawl is a place where the “punk” comes out and everyone gets a little wild.

After I got home, my parents told me that they were heading down to the Admiral to gamble. I never saw how anyone could go throw money away and possibly never see it again, however my mother was rather good at it. She often came home with thousands and that is where most of the real income came from. Not that dad didn’t make good money, but with our bills and Mario not paying child support, we needed ever cent.

Katy arrived just as I was checking on Abbi. She had met Mario and still couldn’t understand why I had married him in the first place, not to mention the way he turned out. Abusive, mean and, now in my eyes, ugly. We had been battling over custody of Abbi for months and months until finally a year went by to no avail. On August 27th, a year and one day after my grandfather had passed, the divorce was final. Katy took me and Abbi out for ice cream to celebrate. Now Abbi Abbi was 19 months old and we were happy. 

“She looks more like you than she does Mario.” Katy whispered as we looked in on my sleeping daughter.

“That’s what Tim says.” Tim and I had been together since January, and now in late august, I was wondering, both to myself as well as to others what the relationship was about. The sex was O.K. but I still wanted more. I needed more. Perhaps that’s why I had gotten a girlfriend. But that didn’t last long either, and that is why Katy was here.

“So what’s up?” I asked as I sunk onto the couch in the living room. She began her story about how Matt had been mean to her again, and once again, my thoughts began to wander.

I walked into the apartment and the coolness from the air conditioner felt good to my heated skin. I had been outside awhile and the summer sun was enough to cause heat stroke at over 100 degrees. I looked around the kitchen and got myself a cool glass of water. Katy and I had been friends a long time and I knew my way around the apartment well. I saw Matt’s Saturn outside, so I knew he was home. But I did not see him anywhere. 

Feeling sweaty from just having come from the park where Tim and I had played a game of doubles with Wil and Candace on the new tennis courts, I slowly began to remove unnecessary clothing. First came my black hoodie, it was thin, but it was a warm day and I was SO hot. Next came, of course my shoes and socks. Sitting on the couch, I sat back a minute and allowed the fan to hit my un-makeuped face. I closed my eyes and thought about what was going to happen. Now barefoot and only wearing my thin white tank top and white tennis skirt, I reached up to slide my black dance shorts off. I now only had my lavender bra and matching thong on under my clothing. 

First I headed to the bathroom to brush out my hair and make sure I wasn’t too, too sweaty, I made a casual phone call.

“Yes, hi, Matt?” I spoke softly, “It’s Leianne. I dropped by to see Katy but she isn’t here… The door was open so I wandered in, could you come help me with something?” I asked sweetly.

“Um, sure, Leianne, give me a minute, I am at Tom and Melissa’s. But I can be there in a few. What do you need?” He asked; sounding not just a little too worried.

“Oh, I was up at Whitecilff, playing with some friends and I noticed I was here right by you. Katy borrowed my baking pan to bake your birthday cake in, and now I can’t find it.” I replied poutily “Oh, sure I’ll be up in a minute to give you a hand.” He answered and hung up his cell phone. I knew Tom and Melissa only lived downstairs so it would be no time before he arrived. I busied myself, looking in the cabinets under and by the sink, knowing that Katy had given me back that pan a long time ago. 

When he came in, I was bending over in such a way that from behind all you could see was a clear shot of my ass and the top of the thong surrounded by my tennis skirt falling around me. 

“Hi…” He trailed off as he saw me there. Instead of standing up, I swung my head around to look at him. 

“Hi, I still can’t find it.” I said to him with a pout on my lips. Looking at him closely, I saw the bulge in his pants. “Help me?” I asked sweetly.

He just continued to stare at the shot he had of my ass. 

I waited for him to answer and when he didn’t I went over to him and put my arms around his neck.

“Now, silly, we won’t find it with you just standing there.” I laughed. He refused to touch me as though my skin was made of flames and I might burn him if he did. “Well, I guess you just don’t know where it is then, do you? Well, I guess you will just have to keep me company until Katy gets here.” I breathed close to his face. But before I could start he kissed me full on the lips. 

I moaned softly and returned the kiss eagerly when his ended. He kissed down my neck and groped at my full tits over my top as I tugged at his shirt, pulling it out of his pants and up his arms. He lifted his lips long enough to allow me to pull it off of him. I threw it to the floor and he began again, this time removing my shirt as well. 

As he kissed my erect nipples, my hands went to his pants, where I slid a hand inside to play with his hard cock. It wasn’t long before I ached to have it in my mouth. As he kissed my neck I whispered in his ear.

“Take me to the living room. I want to suck your cock.”

He looked at me and lifted me up into his arms. My legs wrapped around his waist and I kissed his neck as he walked. He turned and sat on the couch, with me in his lap now kissing his lips. He worked his hands around and cupped my ass as we kissed, our tongued wrestling between our lips. 

Having enough, I fell to my knees and pulled his cock out of his pants. Kissing the head ever so slightly and gently licking the pre cum off of it. I moaned a little and then began inch by inch to suck the head into my mouth, moving down the shaft as my hand cupped and gently squeezed his large balls. Bringing my hand up s my mouth worked, up and down, making his cock wetter and wetter, until I was stroking and sucking in unison. My lips going up, my hand following. My face thrusting down taking it all in as my hand sat under my chin. Faster and faster I sucked his cock waiting for the tasty eruption of cum. 

He moaned louder and louder as his hands wound in the tangled mass of my long flowing red hair. Harder and faster, wetter and wetter his cock became in my mouth and hand. I really wanted his cum, yet not wanting this to end at the same time.

“Oh my…” He moaned softly, then louder, “Yes! Oh God yes!” 

I pumped my hand faster and fucked him with my face harder.

“Make me cum, yes, make me cum.”

Faster and faster now, I felt a hotter and sweeter wetness burst into my mouth and rush over my tongue, yet I continued sucking him, wanting every last drop.

“I’m cumming,” He cried. “Cumming hard.”

Swallowing every last drop and then moving to lick it all off his cock until it was shining and ready for more. I looked up and grinned. 

“Mmmm, that was good. What did you have for lunch today?” I joked.

“Leianne, are you listening?” Katy asked me, sitting next to me on the couch.

“Well,” I began. “It sounds like you guys just need a break. Maybe things are just to stressful right now.” I replied casually, pretending that I had heard everything she had said.

“Do you really think so?” She asked.

“Do you love him?” I asked in return. 

“No.” She answered flatly. 

As she talked about being comfortable in the relationship, my wheels were turning about how to make the Kreepy Krawl a night to remember.

“Katy-Bear? How about a night out? Dan at work is playing at the Kreepy Krawl on Monday night. Whaddya say? Come with me?” I practically begged her.

“What’s that?” She asked. I that forgotten that she and Matt had moved here from Florida and had no idea about the St. Louis nightlife. “Just a place that lets local punk and Goth bands perform. It’s like five bucks and you can be underage to get in. After maybe we can all hang out afterwards we can go do whatever. Come on.” I pleaded. “It’ll be fun”

“O.k. Sure.” She replied sounding excited.

“Now go home to your man and give him a night to remember.” I told her

Because soon it will be me he wants for a booty call. I though to myself. And it was Friday night, and there was a lot of planning to do.