 Ryan, Rachael and I spent a lot of time together over the next month. Our school had strict rules about having people of the opposite sex in the dorm room; but our Residential Advisor was very lenient on the policy, especially in comparison to most of the others. Rachael would hang out at our dorm almost every night when Ryan wasn't away at a tennis tournament.

My emotions for Rachael didn't lessen over that month, if anything they grew. As modestly as she dressed, I still couldn't help but notice her sexy short stacked body. Ryan had no clue about my feelings for her, and Rachael seemed to be oblivious as well. 

My feelings for Rachael went way past the lust I had for her big boobs and ass. Spending time with Rachael on a daily basis only reinforced the friendship we had developed before she started dating Ryan. It was a fun group to hang out with. 

The only negative came at the end of the night, when Ryan and Rachael would adjourn to his bedroom or he would walk her back to her dorm. At least when he walked her back to her dorm, I knew that the most they would do is make out in front of her building. However, the nights Rachael stayed over were particularly painful for me. Knowing that the woman I was so madly attracted to was having sex with my best friend across the hallway was too much. I would lie in my bed for hours unable to sleep, thinking that every creak the building made was Rachael and Ryan having sex. 

My sophomore year of college was difficult, especially the spring semester, so Spring Break came at a perfect time for me. Our campus became a ghost town during Spring Break, with all the frats and sororities packing up and heading to the beach. I wasn't so lucky. My Spring Break would consist of working hours at the school pool as a lifeguard. The pay was great, since it was difficult to find students willing to stay on campus during their break. The work was easy, because practically no one came to swim when school was out of session. It was a good way for me to pick up some extra spending money during the middle of the school year.

Ryan had to deal with the pains of being a student athlete. His Spring Break would be in Florida, but he wouldn't be spending hours partying on the beach. Instead, he was stuck playing in a tennis tournament all week. 

Rachael was staying in town for Spring Break. During the school year, she worked as a nanny for a family in town. Her job consisted of picking up their kids from school and watching them for two hours before the parents got home. It was a simple job, but she was paid incredibly well for it. Unfortunately for her, the kids she watched were not on Spring Break the same week we were, so she had to stay in town to watch them. 

The parking lots in front of the dorms were practically empty. Maybe a dozen or so students appeared to have stayed on campus, as it was unusually quiet.

The first day of lifeguarding at the pool was about as boring as it could have been. One old man showed up and slowly swam laps, but he was the only one who should up in the five hours the pool stayed open. It seemed like a waste to pay me, but I wasn't going to mention that to anyone.

My other two roommates, Marcus and Charles, went with their fraternity to the beach; giving me the dorm to myself. It was nice to not have to worry about being too loud or watching something on TV that everyone would enjoy. I kicked back on the couch and began to enjoy my break with no school work and no responsibilities. 

The day flew by as I chilled out on the couch in shorts and a t-shirt. For the first time in months, I allowed myself to do nothing, which I found incredibly soothing. My stomach began to grumble around 5:30. The cafeteria was closed all week, so I was on my own for food. I wasn't much of a cook, so my initial thought was about going out and grabbing some food. However, after sitting on the couch all day I really didn't have any motivation to get up, even for food. 

Suddenly, I heard a knock on the front door to our dorm. I was startled, wondering who on campus would be coming to my door. I pulled myself off the couch and answered the door.

Rachael stood in the doorway, dressed in shorts and a low cut top, holding a pizza box.

"Hey, I was wondering if you had eaten dinner yet? I grabbed a pizza on the way home from work and thought we could hang out, seeing as we pretty much hang out every night anyway," Rachael said with a smile.

I was excited for a variety of reasons, the foremost reasons surprisingly not being the pizza. It was rare to see Rachael wear anything low cut that exposed her chest, but this particular evening she was showing off plenty of skin. 

"Of course, come on in! I was actually just trying to figure out what I was going to have for dinner, so you arrived just in time."

Rachael joined me on the couch. We ate and found a movie on TV. The TV served more as background noise, as neither of us was watching it. Instead, we sat around and talked. While we talked a lot when Ryan was around, this conversation seemed to be a little different. I had noticed that Rachael hadn't acted quite the same around Ryan as she did when it was just me. When we were together alone, she tended to be more outspoken and humorous. 

"I was surprised at how few people stuck around for Spring Break this year," Rachael said, "Last year, all but one of my roommates stayed in town. This year they all decided to go to the beach. I hate staying at the dorm by myself. It gets so quiet and I'm always paranoid that someone is going to break in and get me."

"Break in and get you? We are on a college campus, not Colombia," I laughed.

"I know it is an irrational fear, but I know I won't get any good sleep this week with no one around."

"You could always stay here? You stay here all the time anyway. Why would it be any different? Ryan left his room open, so I'm sure he wouldn't mind."

"You think? Maybe I'll text him and see. You sure you wouldn't mind?"

"Nah, I'd love to have someone around to hang out with."

Rachael pulled out her phone and ripped through writing a text message. Within a matter of seconds, her phone went off with a reply from Ryan. 

"He said that would be fine. I really appreciate you letting me stay. I'm going to run back to my dorm and pack a bag. I'll be back in a few minutes."

Rachael rushed off the couch and out the door. As the door shut behind her, I began to ask myself what I had just done. I had invited a woman I found incredibly attractive to stay the night in my dorm, even though I couldn't act on the feelings that I had. I had resigned to the fact that we could only be friends, but it didn't make spending time with her any easier. 

Rachael returned only a few minutes after she had left. She carried a large duffle bag and set it in Ryan's dorm room. 

I was torn. I enjoyed spending time with Rachael, probably more so than any other girl I had ever been around. She was sweet, smart and funny. Having a conversation with Rachael was seamless and fun. However, I found myself constantly in pain over not being able to be more than just her friend. To think that a few months ago, before I knew she had liked me, that a conversation on the couch with her would have been normal. Now, it was as if I was constantly at war with my emotions.

We continued to talk and hang out on the couch. Rachael was sharing some juicy information about her roommates' love lives with me, when she dropped her phone off the coffee table. She leaned forward to pick it up off the ground, still telling me about her roommates. Her low cut top dangled down as she bent over, exposing even more of her big tits. I felt as if I could see everything but her nipples.

I tried to glance away as she leaned back up, in hopes she wouldn't notice my naughty glance. It appeared that she hadn't noticed, as she continued with her story. I was extremely aroused staring over at her. Her straight dark blonde hair lie on her shoulders; as she continually brushed strands away from her face, tucking them behind her ear.

"Can I ask you something?" Rachael said, "I know that it probably is too late for me to be asking this, but I haven't really had the right opportunity to ask you."

"Sure," I replied.

"Is it weird for you that I am dating your best friend? I know that you were friends with both of us before we started dating. I wasn't sure if it was weird for you to hang around us as a couple or not."

"Nah," I lied.

"Oh, well I had picked up on a vibe occasionally when we were all hanging out. It seemed as if you were slightly uncomfortable. That is why I ask."

"Well, I mean, I guess it is a little weird for me. I think it is just a little uncomfortable to be the third wheel sometime. Hard to know when it is and isn't okay to hang around with you all."

"I never have a problem with you hanging out with us. You know I enjoy spending time with you. In many ways, it is easier to have a conversation with Ryan when you are involved. I think that you make it more comfortable for us to be around each other."

"Yeah, we do have good conversations. I just know that there are probably times where Ryan would like to spend time alone with you."

"Oh, trust me he has his fair share of time alone with me. It is actually refreshing to be around you, because he doesn't want to be as physical with me when we are all together."

I could feel that the conversation was heading into a direction that I didn't want. The mention of her being physical with Ryan was enough to make my stomach bubble. My goal was to try to redirect the conversation, with letting her know how I was feeling.

"I'm glad that I can be of help," I responded, "I know that I have enjoyed getting to spend more time with you and for us to grow closer."

"You don't think we were close before?" Rachael responded.

"I enjoyed hanging out with you before, but I guess I never really thought of us being close. I would only see you every once and a while. It was fun hanging out, but I felt that Rebecca was more of the glue between us. But, I am really glad that you are someone who is now a good friend."

Rachael laughed, "As confusing as that was, I think I understand what you are getting at. I did always feel like we weren't very close, but hanging out together was always fun. Actually, I'm not sure if you knew, but when we first met I had a pretty big crush on you."

"Oh no, she mentioned the crush!" I thought. 

I had no idea how to respond to her telling me this. Of course, I had known for a few months now that she at one point actually liked me. It was how I formed feelings for her and had become miserable over the last two months. However, I never expected her to mention this crush. Maybe now that she was dating someone, she felt more comfortable expressing it. 

"Actually, I found out about that right after you and Ryan started dating. Rebecca kind of let it slip," I responded.

"Of course she did," Rachael laughed, blushing a little, "I wasn't sure if you knew back then or not. You just seemed like a really nice guy and that is hard to find nowadays."

I felt bad for Rachael, expressing the feelings she once felt for me, without realizing that I reciprocated them for her. It took everything inside me to not blurt out everything that I had thought about her in the last two months, but instead I opted to just tell the truth about my feelings before I found out.

"Well, I know that when we first met I noticed immediately how beautiful you were. Of course, I was dating someone at the time, so I never really thought about asking you out. Even after I got out of my relationship, I had been 'friend zoned' by so many girls that I didn't really think about being anything more than friends."

Rachael smiled my way, obviously excited that I had at least shared in her initial attraction. I was leery about going into the subject any further, in fear that I may tell her that I was still attracted to her. Fortunately for me, she changed the subject.

We stayed up together talking until almost midnight. Rachael began to rub her eyes and yawn.

"I really need to head to bed. Thank you again for letting me stay here with you. You have no idea how much better I am going to sleep tonight knowing that I'm not hear alone," Rachael said, making her way over to Ryan's bedroom.

"No problem. If you need anything, you know where I stay."

Rachael flashed her gorgeous smile at me one last time before shutting the bedroom door behind her. 

It had been an eventful night. We had mentioned the feelings we had for each other, which had actually brought me a little relief. Letting Rachael know some of what I was feeling helped me relax and not feel as guilty about liking her.

I stayed in the living room for a few more minutes, before deciding to head to bed myself. My pool shift was early the next morning, so I figured it best to not stay up any later.

I lie down and fell asleep quickly. My body was more tired than I had realized. 

For some reason, I woke up an hour or so later. I looked across the room at my alarm clock and noticed it was only 1:06 am. I wasn't sure why I had woken up so soon, but I lie back down and closed my eyes to try and fall back asleep.

Suddenly, I made out a faint tapping noise against my bedroom door. I slipped out of bed and turned on my bedside lamp. I couldn't figure out if the noise was all in my head, or if someone was actually tapping on my door. Slowly, I opened the bedroom door.

As the door slipped open, it slowly illuminated Rachael standing in the doorway. Rachael was wearing a pair of incredibly short pajama shorts, along with a matching spaghetti string top. I could faintly make out Rachael's hardened nipples under her braless top.

"Hey, what's wrong?" I asked.

"Sorry to wake you. I couldn't sleep," she responded, "I just couldn't help but think about the conversation we had earlier. You said that you were initially attracted to me, but didn't think about us as anything more than friends, because you didn't think there was anything more to our relationship. Did that change for you after Rebecca told you how I had felt about you when we met?"

My mind was still half asleep. The limited brain function I had at this hour was mainly being focused at not staring at Rachael's hard nipples and massive cleavage which stood before me. I didn't have the faintest idea how to respond. My mind couldn't come up with a clever lie or way to answer the question without actually answering it. The only thing I could think about was the truth.

"It did," I responded. 

"So, you like me?"

At this point my sleepiness was wearing off and my heart was beginning to race, realizing the predicament I had just gotten myself into.

"Umm, well," I murmured, trying to assemble a reasonable response, "I definitely saw our relationship in a different light after Rebecca told me that. She told me that you had wanted me to ask you out, and it got me questioning why I hadn't."

Rachael was obviously not fooled with how I tried to skirt the question, "You didn't answer the question. Do you still like me?"

"What do you want me to say? You are dating my best friend now. It doesn't matter if I still like you or not."

"It does matter," she assured me.

In my sleepy state, I didn't have the tolerance to try to fight the battle any longer. In a normal hour of the day, I would have lied or finagled my way out of the situation; but, at this moment it was not an argument I was willing to have. 

"Yes, I still like you. Heck, I've been crazy about you since the moment Rebecca told me that you liked me. The last two months have practically been torture for me. I have had to wake up every morning knowing that not only could I not have you, but that I was sleeping across the hall from you as you spent the night with my best friend. I've had to sit on the couch and watch movies with the two of you as you have cuddled on the couch, wishing that I could be in his place. So, yes Rachael, I still like you. Unfortunately, I missed my chance at being with someone who is beautiful, smart, sexy and fun to be around," I said, letting out my emotions for her. 

Rachael stared blankly at me. It was as if she hadn't expected me to tell her that I liked her, even though she came over obviously wanting me to admit it. My emotions lowered, and I began to panic at what I had just admitted. 

"I'm sorr-," I began to say.

"No," Rachael interrupted. 

Rachael took a step closer to me. She was a full foot shorter than me, but in that moment our eyes stood locked on each other. No words were spoken. However, we knew what was happening. Our eyes spoke volumes about the way that we were feeling in this moment. 

Rachael wrapped her arms around my neck and stood on her toes, bringing her face closer to mine. I leaned down and met her soft puckered lips with mine. Our lips stayed locked against each other's for what seemed like a lifetime. To this day, I still feel those lips as they are pressed against mine every time I think about it. 

Our locked kiss evolved into a make out. Rachael became more aggressive with her kisses, brushing her tongue lightly along my lips. In the heat of the moment, I didn't think about anything other than how wonderfully sexy I found Rachael. I didn't think about my best friend, as I was cheating with his girlfriend. I wasn't thinking about how long it had been since I had kissed a girl. I didn't think about how I had never gone much further than feeling up my only girlfriend. All I could think about was the fire that had been burning inside me for months to be with Rachael. 

Rachael and I moved further into my bedroom as we made out. I slipped my hand through the back of Rachael's top and rubbed her back. Rachael had her hand on my chest, running it ever so softly against my bare skin. As we got close to the bed, Rachael took the hand on my chest and pushed me backward onto the twin sized mattress. 

"Shhh," she said, obviously afraid I was going to say something to ruin the moment of passion. 

Rachael took a step back from the bed and began to slowly pull her top up. She lifted the thin fabric up, exposing her flat belly. I sat eagerly watching as she began to lift the top up toward her chest, exposing the underside of her breasts. She suddenly turned her body around, pulling her top the rest of the way off, showing off her smooth white back. 

She pulled her hair over her shoulder and glanced over the opposite shoulder to see my expression. Based on the huge smile she flashed me, I obviously was giving some sort of approving gaze. Rachael tossed the small spaghetti string top at my face. I could smell the sweet scent of her perfume, which made me want her even more. 

As I mentioned, the shorts Rachael was wearing were incredibly short. For a girl as modest as Rachael, it was only something she would wear in the privacy of her bedroom, but I was thankful that I was getting the opportunity to see her in them. Her large ass pressed the back of the shorts out, forming a nice bubble off her straight back. The bottom side of her butt poked out of each of the leg holes.

Rachael reached down and slowly began to slip off her shorts. It was painful how slow the fabric moved down her backside, as I anxiously awaited the sight of her sexy ass. Slowly, her crack appeared, becoming longer and longer as the shorts made their way down. Eventually, her entire ass was exposed as the shorts fell to the floor, unencumbered by the resistance of her large butt. 

I stared in awe at Rachael's thick booty. It was a sight I had imagined many nights while lying in bed over the last two months, but my dreams didn't do it justice. The fantastic curve of her butt along her wide hips was absolutely perfect. 

Rachael slowly turned her body around to face me. For the first time in my life, I was seeing a woman naked in person. Sure, I had seen plenty of porn stars naked on my computer, but seeing someone in person was far different. As Rachael turned and faced me, I got my first looks at her amazing firm breasts and cleanly shaven pussy. 
