 Author's Note

This is the third in a four part series about how my best friend's dad and I get it on and eventually fuck.

Although it stands alone as a raunchy tale, interested readers might like to read the two previous parts. Whatever you choose, enjoy and mail me if you wish.

Sammi x

*

The enormity of what Sammi had just said hit Mark very hard. Hearing his daughter's best friend whimper those words filled the forty five year old man part with dread and part with incredible excitement. To have an eighteen year old girl who he had seen grow up whisper to him. "Well then my darling, why not take me upstairs, take all my clothes off and fuck me?" crystalised the situation they were in and that he had been unconsciously encouraging for the past few weeks.

Mark was divorced and lived alone. His nineteen year-old daughter, Sara, nominally lived with his ex-wife Eleanor, who had a high powered job and travelled around the UK frequently. That meant Sara spent a lot of time at Mark's house, which was where she had been brought up. Her best friend Sammi also came from a 'broken home' and consequently she spent a lot of time at Mark's place often staying overnight. 

Mark had seen Sammi grow up and since his divorce had, or thought he had, got used to her being around the house. It was only during the past couple of months that things seemed to change. That was for both of them as Sammi had been feeling similar stirring and reservations as Mark.

When he looked at her, she had started feeling little flutters. When they were very close or he touched, purposefully or inadvertently they both felt as if they had electric shocks. She sort of put out for him almost as if inviting him to try something, which deep down was what her mind was suggesting. She wore more provocative clothing, left her bra off, she had only barely B cup tits, wore shorter skirts and came down to breakfast in a skimpy tee shirt. 

Sara was a vague girl. Hugely intelligent she had little common sense and most of the time she was 'off with the fairies.' Liked by everyone she went through life seeing the best in people. Rarely criticising or seeing fault she didn't notice what was going on between her dad and her best friend; she was just pleased that they all got on so well. She was as attractive as Sammi, though dark haired with a fuller figure and, like her mum, much bigger tits. Her easy-going manner, relaxed attitude and, of course, her big tits made her very popular with the boys. Her 'airy fairy' attitude and rather liberal views made her along with the golden haired, blue eyed and dazzlingly attractive Sammi somewhat easy lays; they both enjoyed themselves with the boys.

Sex was not new to either of them. Sara, though, had restricted giving her favours to boys of her own age whereas Sammi had been with two older guys, one in his late twenties and one in his mid-thirties. Sara was more of a 'lay back and think of England' type of fuck. She wasn't that participative, but she did give a great blow job. Sammi on the other hand was very into being a mutual partner in a shag and gave as good as she got. She fully appreciated the greater patience of older guys and loved enjoying their knowledge and experience, whereas Sara just wanted to get her rocks off as quickly and as often as possible. 

Both Mark and Sammi had felt the nature of the relationship between them changing over the past few weeks, but neither could put their finger on what had started it and why its intensity had been increasing so much. Equally, neither of them could acknowledge to themselves how attracted they were to the other party and could not envisage anything happening, unless of course the other one started it.

That said, as Sammi had lain on her back on the sofa in Mark's lounge the other night with the twenty something year old boy between her opened legs fucking her it had been Mark's cock she had imagined doing the lovely things to her. It had been Sara, who was lying on the floor with a younger guy shagging her from behind who had asked later. "Did you say Mark when you were cumming?"

Mark knew that there was dangers with his position. Firstly, he thought. 'Am I just being a silly old fool thinking I could get anywhere with a beautiful looking sexy young woman like Sammi?' He was aware of the consequences if he tried anything and really had read everything wrong. Not only would he suffer the embarrassment and indignity of being rebuffed by a girl twenty-five years his junior, but also his daughter and ex-wife and god knows who else would get to know about it and he would become a laughing stock. And even if she said yes and they had sex where could it lead? Again, that said, the concerns didn't stop him imagining it was Sammi he was shagging when he visited his favourite massage parlour and fucked the Latvian whore with big tits.

Sammi had similar concerns. 'There's no way a grown man as sophisticated and as worldly-wise as Mark would be bothered with a kid like me, he fucks real women,' Sammi thought. And on top of that she thought, if I put out and get it wrong what would Sara, Eleanor and my mum and step dad think? As it was, she was having terrible problems with him for he was usually drunk or high on coke and was often trying to grope her. 

So for some weeks they had both struggled with containing their desire for the other and the fear that they might do something silly causing the other to reject them. Deep down both Sammi and Mark, though confident and sexually successful in their own worlds felt lost and insecure when out of them and neither had much hope that anything would ever happen.

That changed, though, the weekend Sara visited Durham University for her entry interviews.

Sammi had initiated it by turning up at Mark's house asking to stay the night. He was excited, but scared that he might not be able to restrain himself. There was no need for that for the last thing Sammi wanted from her best friend's dad was restraint. Without being too obvious, she was at Mark's house to offer herself to him. And that she did to the extent that they kissed sitting on the same sofa where Sammi had recently been fucked, Mark undid the three middle buttons that were done up on her white blouse and she removed it. Her offer was successful to the extent that as they kissed so Mark's hand went up her skirt, her hand found his pulsating cock inside his tracky trousers and his thumb and fingers found her lips and clit. It succeeded to the extent that Mark made her cum quickly with his skilful, experienced caressing then finger fucking. And yes her offer was accepted to the point that after he had made her cum she had said.

"Well then my darling, why not take me upstairs take all my clothes off and fuck me?"

Holding her small hand, he had led her from the lounge, across the hallway and to the wide staircase. With Sammi clad in just her ridiculously, but excitingly short, denim, skirt, Mark had his arm round her slim, freckled shoulders as they walked slowly up the stairs to his bedroom and maybe to their sexual destiny. Her arm round his waist, Sammi felt very grown up being taken to bed to have sex rather than climbing in the back of lover's car as was more the norm in her sex life.

Mark laid her in the middle of the bed in what had been his and Eleanor's bedroom, although since the divorce he had replaced the bed. As he gazed down at the gorgeous vision lying there, it hit him that she was the first woman to lay on that bed and would be the first he had fucked in the house since Eleanor.

"You look fabulous Sammi" he whispered kneeling beside her in his grey, track suit. The top was unzipped and the bottom was bulging with his full erection. He saw her looking at it and smiling as she said quietly.

"You don't look so bad yourself" as she reached out and ran her fingers up the length of his erection. That made him shudder with want for her.

Also smiling he said. "Downstairs Sammi you asked me to do three things didn't you?"

"Yes I believe so" she replied not sure where he was going."

"Remember what they were?"

"Of course, I asked you to take me up stairs and......................er" she paused having lost a touch of her earlier bravado now that the die seemed to be cast.

"And what else did you ask me to do Sammi?" Mark asked placing his hands on the waistband of her little skirt.

Taking a deep breath and averting her gaze from his she gulped. "And fuck me, I asked you to fuck me, does that shock you Mark?"

Smiling he leaned forward and kissed her on the lips and ran his hand through her golden hair. "No of course not baby it thrills and excites me, but you missed something." 

"What? "What did I miss?"

Finding the top of the three buttons on the skirt Mark fiddled it undone. "You asked me to undress you Sammi."

"Oh yes so I did, fancy me forgetting" she smiled adding. "But I missed something else" as she felt the three buttons being undone and the top of the skirt parting.

Mark's eyes focused on the patch of flesh between the opened tops of her skirt. Although he had seen her pubes and pussy just a short time ago, it suddenly became a matter of some urgency for him to see them again. But he was diverted from that as Sammi stroked the outline of his erection through his tracky trousers and said. "Yes I missed saying that you should undress too."

Her boldness had returned. The confidence that she along with many women gain when they take control came back to her. 

"So let me do that" she said softly pulling on the stretch trousers with the elastic waist. As she pulled the trousers away from him she also eased them down so that the cock she had been holding was reared up in front of her face. "Take them off Mark" she croaked watching him struggle the trousers off so he was naked. Although all that Sammi was wearing was the undone skirt and her panties she still felt incredibly excited at being partially clothed while her soon to be lover was naked. She couldn't know, but the older man had similar feelings being naked in front of his partly clothed young lover.

"And let me do this" Mark said pulling on the skirt as Sammi lifted her bottom from the bed. It came off easily. He took hold of the flimsy, white satin thong that Sammi had bought specially for this from Victoria's Secret. Both staring each other in the eyes he removed her last vestige of cover. Sammi smiled at him.

"See Mark for the right man my knickers come off very easily."

Laughing he fell beside her, took her slim body in his arms, crushed it against his and kissed her deep and long. Neither of them could quite believe just what was happening and how quickly events were moving after standing still for so long.

"God I so want you" he groaned into her blonde hair as he caressed her breasts and she stroked his cock.

"And me you Mark" she sighed back trying so hard to signify her love and desire for him through her kiss. 

"I never thought this would happen Sammi."

"Nor me, but it is Mark, it really is happening isn't it?" the youngster giggled, feeling lightheaded with pleasure and want.

"Yes my love, it really, really is happening.

"Fuck me Mark, please fuck me now" Sammi groaned pulling him on top of her.

"Oh Sammi yes, yes" he sighed suddenly remembering he had no condoms. "But bollocks."

"What is it?"

"I've got no fucking rubbers."

Sammi again giggled. "You don't need one I am on the pill" she rather naively replied seeming to Mark to have little regard for safe sex. But he could not have stopped now even had he wanted to.

"You sure Sammi, I am clean."

Sammi realised what he meant. "Yes so am I, I have had a test recently."

"So have I."

"Good" she whispered putting her arms round his neck and kissing him deeply she went on. "So with that business done Mark please make love to me, please take me, please my darling fuck me."

Sammi's words filled Mark with such a desire for her that he felt he would explode. Her saying them made her feel wonderful, so grown up and so totally wanted by this older man. She welcomed him on top of her as his big body completely enveloped hers. Wrapping her arms round him she ran her hands up and down his broad, firm back as their mouths ground together. Sucking on each other's lips and plunging their tongues into the other's mouth they both wondered at the others' kissing ability. Sammi was thinking how wonderful it was to be kissed in such an experienced, almost sophisticated way and Mark was marvelling at how one so young could have learned to kiss so well. Momentarily and totally incongruously he pondered on the thought that if Sammi could kiss so well and if, as she had put it 'my knickers come off so easily' whether his daughter's did as well!

But that was too big an issue to contemplate as his hands ran up and down the young woman's back, as her little tits with the perky nipples pressed against his chest and as the softness of her flat tummy cuddled the hardness of his full erection that seemed to run from her pubic bone almost to her tummy button.

"I want you so much Sammi" he whispered as his wiggling body urged her legs to open so that his cock lay between her thighs with the bulbous end of it pressed against her lips.

"And I want you Mark, I want you now" she groaned marvelling at the fact that at last her best friend's dad was about to fuck her.

With the tip of his cock just slightly parting the lips of the young woman and his arms round her body with his hands gripping her taught bum he muttered. "Ready Sammi" his mind was hardly able to accept what was happening. 'I am going to fuck her, fuck Sammi, Sara's best friend an eighteen year old girl I have known for so long' was screaming in his head as with a shrug of his hips he sank his thick cock deep into her gorgeously tight and wonderfully welcoming cunt.

"Oh yes, oh yes Mark" Sammi groaned her fingernails digging into Mark's back.

He pushed himself in as far as it would go, but then stopped and held himself rigid and still.

"Ok Sammi?" he whispered making her feel wonderful with his consideration, which was something she wasn't that used to with the younger who had fucked her.

"Yes darling, yes" she moaned quite forgetting that they were not really on darling terms.

Sammi felt light-headed and deliriously happy. She also felt very filled. Mark was bigger than the other guys she had been with and, again almost giggling, she recalled the old saying and agreed that size does indeed matter. She was stretched. The folds of skin that guard her clit seemed to be open and that so sensitive place felt to be exposed, so as Mark started moving slowly up and down it was as though his cock was rubbing on it. She had never felt anything like it before. Just as she had never felt like cumming when a man's cock had only been inside her a few moments.

But that was not a problem or an issue for Mark. He was also feeling so aroused that he knew unless he worked hard and focused on something other than the gorgeous young woman impaled on his cock that he too would cum quickly. He usually had strong resistance and with the girls in the massage parlour where he got most of his sexual relief nowadays he had to book one hour sessions for he would often fuck one for half an hour before cumming. 

He knew that was not going to happen tonight though. There was simply too many elements involved in this unusual pairing: he was too excited, he was full of guilt, he was worried about the aftermath and the potential consequences, his feelings for Sammi were so strong, feelings that he hadn't had for years and on top of that her cunt was so tight that she was almost fucking him. It was wonderful!

As Mark began sliding his cock up and down inside Sammi, there was also one other massive issue that kept running through his brain. It had been doing that from the moment he first realised that his feelings for her were far more than they should be for one of his daughter's friends. The issue had been in his mind from the time that her face first came to him when he was masturbating, thinking about her and yes when he first mind fucked Sara's friend. And that issue was whether subconsciously it was Sara he wanted, whether it was Sara's body he was after and whether it was his daughter he really wanted to fuck.

Sammi was whimpering as she started to climax.

"Oh Mark, Mark, Mark" she groaned as such amazing feelings flooded her body.

He pushed the other issue from his mind and focused on the physical aspects of what was happening as opposed to the emotional ones. He quickened the pace of his thrusts going deeper and further into the young woman's insides. Each time he surged into her as far as he could go, she whimpered and grunted so strong were the sensations. Sammi had never been fucked like this. She had no idea whether it was due to his sexual expertise or whether the illicit nature of fucking her friend's dad was creating such feelings. And of course she didn't care. All she wanted was more of it. More of the near excruciating pressure in her nipples, more of the fullness in her breasts, more of the heat searing through her body and more of the tingles and shudders that were going all over her. She was shuddering uncontrollably as she started to sob and tears of she knew not what poured down her cheeks. Her nails were digging into his back, but Mark didn't feel the pain just the pleasure of the sensations in his cock and the extreme feelings in his balls as they prepared to discharge their lot.

"Oh Sammi, Sammi he grunted, are you ready?"

"Yes, yes, yes Mark, yes I am" she moaned as she felt him push into her as far as he could go and stay rigid his grip tightening on her back.

With Mark grunting and Sammi moaning and with both of them holding the other so tightly they climaxed simultaneously. As Sammi soared to a height of pleasure she had never previously experienced and as Mark's cock exploded sending streams of his sperm into her they clung to each other in a wonderful mutual orgasm.