 We were both nicely mellow, which is my term for being merry, slightly drunk or half-pissed. 

I was kneeling on all fours. My shoulder-length, blonde hair was tumbling down my nearly straight back and forwards towards the bed. My bare, B, but on a good day, C cup tits were hanging down and my prominent nipples were rock hard. My legs clad in the black, lacy top holdups were slightly open. My husband was behind me, his generous length cock buried deep inside me. He was gripping my hips and was fucking me vigorously. It was absolutely gorgeous.

My orgasm tore through me as he grunted.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck I'm cumming."

"Yes darling," I grunted back. "Make me cum, let's cum together."

We did and then I collapsed onto the bed with him on my back.

"Oh Helen that was brilliant, fucking brilliant," he groaned.

My body went rigid and my mind nearly exploded. What he had just said confirmed my worst nightmare. He was having an affair again and Helen was his bit on the side.

*

We'd known Harry and Susie for several years. They are not amongst our closest friends as a couple for I had met her years ago and she and I always got on well so when she paired up with Harry, we saw them from time to time as a foursome They were both in publishing and we saw them fairly regular, well seeing them fairly regular meant going out to dinner on average every other month, but Susie and I talked on the phone frequently and had girly lunches at least monthly. It was Susie who had helped me find a job and probably they had been the most supportive couple since the break-up. 

They were an amazingly attractive couple.

She was tall and slim with short, dark hair, stunningly green eyes and fantastic, prominent cheekbones. She was breathtakingly beautiful. Harry was tall and handsome in a slightly, Teutonic way. Blond hair and lots of it, he had piercing, blue eyes and an attractive square chin line. He was well-built, being over six feet and had a muscular, fit body that I had seen at pool parties. We were all in our early forties but, like me, they could pass for several years younger.

"Why not escape one week-end Chrissy when he has Emily," Susie had said over a glass of wine one lunchtime. "And come up to the cottage in Norfolk."

The idea appealed. I was hellishly lonely and although I was into dating, I had not found anyone that I both fancied sexually and felt emotionally comfortable with.

It sounded great to go into the countryside for a few days and leave all my worries behind. So there I was a couple of weeks later bombing up the M11 in my brand new BMW 323 convertible. The weather was unusually warm, so I had the hood down and with Emily with my ex, my troubles and worries seemed to decrease as I rapidly ate up the miles between me and their holiday home. 

The satnav on the BMW worked perfectly getting me through the winding lanes around the Broads in Norfolk to deposit me outside the most charming thatched cottage imaginable. 

"You have arrived," the slightly annoying voice advised from me from the speakers as I pulled into the gravel driveway.

We had a lovely Saturday. After a light lunch, we had a lazy afternoon around the small pool soaking up the sun, chatting and gossiping about mutual friends. We then had a delightful dinner at a local pub that was within walking distance so there was no worries about drinking and driving. We took advantage of that by having three bottles of wine between us. 

Walking home all of us dressed in shorts and tees, Harry was in the middle and he put his arms around both of us as we laughed and joked the few hundred yards through the failing light back to the cottage. Brandies in our hands we sat in the cosy lounge listening to music in candlelight and, inevitably I guess, the conversation turned to my ex and me. I found myself opening up to them and telling them more about the background and how I felt. This, for some reason, included my feelings about dating and even touched on the loneliness and how much I missed being with a man. I guess the wine and the talk made me a little morbid and I started to cry. Whilst I'd done plenty of that in the first couple of months it had now been some time since I'd broken down and I said I was sorry. Both of them were so kind and understanding that my heart went out to such good friends.

Susie came and sat right next to me on the sofa and put her arms around me as Harry said consoling words and told me what a silly and selfish bastard my ex was. They made me feel better and, being so close to Susie, for she kept her arms round me, was strangely comforting and the tearfulness passed as I sipped my brandy.

"Well I reckon it's time I showed you where things are upstairs Chrissy," she said, adding. "Then we'll get you tucked up in bed shall we, this Norfolk air is very tiring?"

Smiling I replied, "Yes mum," and we all laughed.

She showed me where the bathroom was and how to open the windows with the burglar proof locks and then into the bedroom that was quite small but beautifully furnished with a double bed. I undressed, slipped on a long tee shirt that I wear in bed when not at home when I sleep naked, and went to the guest bathroom and cleaned my teeth. Back in my room I had just slipped under the single sheet, for it was still very warm, when there was a knock on the door and Susie called out as she opened the door,

"Everything OK luv?" .

"Yes great, I'm fine now," I smiled at my friend as she came into the room wearing a lacy nightdress that was very low at the front.

"Good, I'm pleased," she replied coming over and sitting on the side of the bed.

We talked for a while about the divorce and how things had changed for me. I said how lucky she and Harry were to be in such a loving relationship. She was sitting very close to me so that my leg under the sheet was pressed against her hips and as she moved or leaned forward the loose top of her nightdress would gape and I couldn't avoid seeing down it. Several times I saw most of her small breasts and twice I saw her nipples as well. I didn't think anything of it for we were close friends and several times I'd showered with her after playing tennis and even this afternoon she'd sunbathed topless. With Harry there, I had chosen not to.

"Can anyone join in?" I heard Harry saying from outside the door which he'd tapped upon discretely before putting his head round it.

"Sure, the more the merrier," I responded pulling the sheet up a little. I was aware that the thin tee shirt was stretched fairly tightly across my breasts. He walked in carrying the bottle of cognac and three balloon glasses.

"Perhaps a nightcap ladies?" he asked plopping himself down on the other side of the bed to Susie.

"Please," we both said as he poured them out.

"You know Chrissy," Harry said seriously, "He must have been fucking barmy to let you go by being so fucking stupid with that Helen cow, mustn't he Susie?"

"Yes" my friend replied lifting her hand and running the back of her fingers across my cheek. "Bloody stupid to lose such a gorgeous and lovely woman."

They were making feel a little weepy again with their so encouraging and loving support.

"Come on Chrissy, don't let it get to you again," Susie said, her fingers gently clasping my chin. "He's just not worth it."

"I know, I know," I said fighting back the tears. "It's just that I so miss him."

"Him?" Harry said.

"Well no not him but a man, being held and being cuddled, having company, oh you know what I mean."

"Yes darling, yes we do," Susie murmured taking me into her arms and holding me. It felt nice and I found myself cuddling up to her, but more like a baby to a mother or like sisters than anything else.

Harry leaned forward and put his arms around both of us. He kissed me on the head and muttered softly.

"You know that we both love you don't you Chrissy and that we'd do anything for you?"

I smiled at him and replied, "Yes Harry, you are both so kind to me and I'm very grateful."

I was still in Susie's arms my slightly larger breasts pressed against her pert boobs her fingers gently stroking my hair. Harry still had his arms round the pair of us, one knee on the bed pushing into my hip. Susie moved her face so she was looking directly into my eyes and smiled as she whispered, quite hoarsely I noticed,

"Men can be such bastards Chrissy, who needs them really?"

I looked directly into her eyes as she said that and saw such love, affection and understanding in them.

"I don't know Susie, but they have their uses, sometimes," I whispered feeling suddenly very excited, but not being aware why and what at.

"I know darling you told me earlier, remember?" she said referring back to a chat we'd had during the afternoon when Harry had popped to the shops and I'd told her how terribly frustrated I became. "And, darling, I have the answer to that," she whispered staring deeply into my eyes one of her hands stroking my blonde, shoulder-length hair that I had left down so it was tumbling over my bare shoulders. I didn't speak for I had no idea what she meant so I raised my eyebrows at her. 

"Yes we have the answer Chrissy, Harry and I have it don't we darling?" she said as she looked at Harry.

"Well we think we do," he added.

"Yes darling," Susie cooed,. "You know that Harry and I are deeply in love don't you? You know that we both love each other and that we both love you as well don't you?"

"Yes Susie," I croaked as she put her fingers just where my neck joins my shoulders one of them gently rubbing my bare skin where the tee shirt ended. Then she hit me with the bombshell that was, in some ways, the most generous and loving thing that had ever been said to me.

"Chrissy darling we want you and Harry to make love," she blurted out.

I didn't know what to say or think as her incredible words burned into my brain. She went on.

"I want to share him with you so we can all love each other and so you can enjoy sex without any recriminations or entanglement for I know you don't want that."

"Oh God Susie," I said startled and shocked at what I'd heard. I looked from Susie to Harry and then back again

"Of course Chrissy," Harry joined in. "That's only if you'd like to and if you fancy me."

I'd never thought of my friend's husband in that light and I told them that.

"I know you haven't Chrissy I know," Susie said. "As I would never have thought like that or Harry of you, but given the circumstances and totally and completely with my agreement, why not? You do find him attractive don't you?" 

I agreed truthfully that I did but that I wasn't at all sure about the idea.

"We both want to do this for you Chrissy and for us," Susie whispered, her fingers now running along my shoulder going under the top of the tee shirt towards my shoulder joint. "Please say yes darling please let's do this."

I looked from her to Harry and back again my heart pounding as I thought of the sexual satisfaction they were offering me. They both stared at me with love and now I could see desire in their eyes as well.

"Well Chrissy?" Harry asked flashing a broad and quite endearing smile at me. "You're not going to ruin my ego completely by rejecting me? I will never get over it if you do you know."

I smiled at that and heard myself whispering to Susie. "Oh Susie you are both so kind."

"No it's not kind for we love you and we love each other and we want to share that with you," she said, adding. "Say yes Chrissy, please say yes."

"Do you really mean this, both of you?" I asked.

They both said that they did, with Susie adding. "With all our hearts."

"So is it yes?" Harry asked

"Oh Susie, oh Harry, oh dear," I muttered, sobbing a little as the emotion got to me and pausing before very softly adding. "Yes, yes, oh yes please."

Susie hugged me laughing out as she said, "That's great Chrissy, I am so pleased.".

"Yes" Harry said joining in, leaning forward and kissing me on the cheek. "So am I Chrissy, so am I"

"There's just one proviso Chrissy," Susie said quite seriously. "And that's that I'm here in the room with you both when you make love."

That also shocked me at first. But as I thought about it I could see her reasoning and looking at her and smiling I replied, "Yes of course Susie, I understand that and it'll be fine."

"Wonderful," she beamed smiling from cheek to cheek and squeezing my hand as she added, "I really am so pleased darling."

She slowly pulled the sheet back until it was nearly down to my knees. My breasts were making a distinct bulge in the tee shirt and my nipples, that I realised had hardened as I'd taken in what my friends had suggested, were sticking out like two acorns. The tee shirt hardly covered my crotch and my bare, tanned lags were stretched out vanishing under the sheet. I watched as Susie took the hem of the tee shirt in her hands and said very thickly,

"I don't think you'll be needing this do you Chrissy?"

I looked into my friend's eyes feeling very nervous but also extremely excited as I said softly, "No Susie, I don't suppose I will."

Then seemingly so slowly, but in reality fairly swiftly, I felt her pull the hem up. It went up past my thighs until it was caught under my bottom. I lifted myself up to help her and felt it slip over the vee at the top of my legs. It snaked up my tummy and over my waist. As it reached my breasts I lifted my arms up so that Susie could pull it off me. I felt a little embarrassed sitting there bare breasted with the sheet now beneath my knees my tawny, hair covered pubic mound exposed to their view.

"Oh Chrissy," Harry murmured, "Your breasts are every bit as wonderful as I've always imagined them." He ran the back of his fingers across the flesh above my nipples sending such a shudder of feelings through me that I am sure my body jerked a little. 

Smiling and feeling embarrassed I put myself down a bit for I knew that my boobs are in pretty good shape. I replied. "Thanks Harry, but they are starting to sag a little."

"No they are lovely," he said reaching out and cupping one as he leaned forward and kissed me softly on my lips. That sent a strong surge of excitement through me. I glanced at Susie as we kissed and felt reassured by her smile and the squeeze she gave me on my hand.

She said softly and very thickly, "Why don't you undress darling and get in bed with Chrissy?" 

She gently pushed me back indicating that I should lay flat on the bed. I snuggled down as Harry quickly lifted his shirt over his head revealing his nicely tanned muscular body that I had glanced at quite admiringly while we had been sunbathing earlier. I could feel the excitement and anticipation together with nervousness and a little guilt building up in me as I saw his fingers undo the belt and zip on his shorts. Slowly he pushed them and his underpants down at the same time. Lifting them outwards to go over his penis he then quickly shoved them down freeing his full erection and baring himself for me. He really did look rather magnificent naked. His flat, six pack stomach, lithe, muscular body, slender, powerful looking legs and his thick, dark and fairly long, fully erect penis, surrounded by a mass of light brown, pubic hairs all combined to make for a vision over which any women would drool. And a very frustrated one lying naked before him waiting to make love to him drooled very strongly indeed.

He seemed to pause for a moment as if exhibiting himself to me to ensure my approval before lying beside me and whispering as he took me into his arms,

"I want this to be so good for you Chrissy, but if at any time you feel uncomfortable please just say so and we'll stop immediately." 

His arms went round me pulling my body towards him his mouth opening as it came near to mine. It felt good to be in a man's arms after such a time, but also very strange knowing that it was my friend's husband and that she was sitting on the bed watching everything we did. It also felt a little too intimate kissing him. I had just got used to the fact that Susie was going to let him fuck me, but somehow cuddling and particularly kissing seemed wrong. I held myself a little stiff avoiding his mouth as I turned my head to look at Susie. She was smiling encouragingly and nodded as if to give her approval to what her husband was suggesting. This made me feel better and I relaxed a little sinking more deeply into Harry's embrace. It was wonderful to have my beasts squashed against a man's firm chest, to have a pair of hands roam over my body and to feel the exciting hardness of his erection press deeply and so suggestively into the softness of my tummy. He kissed me, quite tentatively at first making me feel that perhaps he was suffering the same reservations as I was, but then with increasing vigour. My mouth opened and, without really thinking, I ground my lips on his and let his tongue slide into my mouth. 

The excitement was mounting in me rapidly. Far too rapidly I knew for I could feel myself responding far too quickly and far too strongly. It was, of course due to the pangs of extreme frustration of having no sex for such a time. The excitement almost made me forget Susie was watching and I held her husband tighter and kissed him even more deeply.

As his mouth found my aching nipple and his hand slid down my stomach and between my legs the feelings built up rapidly. But remembering that my friend was watching and that is was her husband about to finger fuck me they were not just feelings of arousal. I felt guilt and a sort shame as well, almost in equal parts.

I caught Susie's eye and again she smiled and reached out her hand, took hold of mine and squeezed it saying quietly.

"It's ok Chrissy, everything's ok, it's cool, go for it," she whispered

From a mild tingle and gentle warmth the other feelings, those of arousal, quickly became a torrent of shuddering feelings and blazing heat.

"Oh god," I moaned. "Oh my god Harry."

"Yes Chrissy," I heard him say as if from afar. "Yes love, let it go, let it go, cum Chrissy, let yourself cum." 

He was reading me so well for that was precisely what I wanted, no needed, to do, but it made me feel a little foolish. He had hardly touched me, we hadn't made love and I hadn't even felt his cock, yet here I was, like a teenager a quivering wreck about to cum before he had even fingered, let alone fucked me.

I felt his fingers slide into my seriously soaked vagina at the same time as his mouth found my aching nipple. The slow movements of his fingers on the so sensitive inner lips and walls of my most intimate place combined with the chewing, slurping, sucking and kissing on my nipples sent me roaring right over the top.

As I gasped and moaned, sighed and grunted my body stiffening and convulsing and my back arching, so Susie came closer. She held my face in her hands stroking my hair and caressing my forehead. She bent closer whispering.

"Oh yes darling, enjoy it, go with it, let yourself go." 

Her face was now touching mine and I could smell her perfume and hair spray and, as I opened my eyes, I could see the small crumbs of slightly caked mascara on her eyelids. "Is it good Chrissy, is it wonderful for you?" she breathed softly kissing my cheek.

"Yes Susie, yes Harry," I moaned. "It's fantastic," I added, as I squirmed myself more firmly onto his pleasure giving fingers and pushed my breasts harder against his mouth that was relieving some of the tension from my nipples. I was now having a full orgasm, I was in the throes of a climax, Susie's husband was making me cum as I lay nestled in her arms with her lips pressed against my face. 

Susie and I were holding hands as Harry thrust his fingers in and out of me simulating the fucking movements that I needed so badly. It wasn't just Harry who was reading me so well for my wonderful friend Susie was doing that as well. As her husband finger fucked me she knew instinctively what I wanted. I felt her moving my hand and then marvellously placing it right on Harry's gorgeous erection. That felt wonderful. It was hot, hard, straining and smooth and it was precisely what I needed; I rubbed it lovingly.
