 I woke up feeling groggy after a long fitful night. Spying on two beautiful young ladies getting intimate with their boyfriends was tiring. Lara's unbelievable body, tight athletic torso, perky, rounded, small breasts with taut nipples getting sucked on by her boyfriend, the volleyball player/male model. And then there was my best friend John, getting a blow job from his girlfriend Aileen. This was the same Aileen who had flirted with me for years, and a couple months ago, had given me two mind blowing sexual experiences. And later on that night, she was bent over the couch, getting rammed from behind, her face a beautiful expression of ecstasy.

Now waking up, finding myself naked save for a pair of boxers, lying in Aileen's bed, there she was, getting dressed in front of me and as usual, teasing me. 

"John and Lara took off for brunch at the IHOP. I'm supposed to get your sorry butt out of bed and be there in 30 minutes or less," Aileen said with a smile on her lips and in her eyes. 

"Could I get some privacy?" I pleaded, hoping my growing hard-on wasn't going to be noticed. 

"You could... or I could help you..." Aileen's eyes betraying her innocent face. She started yanking my boxers down my legs and as I tried pulling myself behind the covers, she snatched them away and ordered me into the showers. 

This might seem like strange behaviour for a guy who'd slept with Aileen twice before, climaxing in amazing, earth shattering orgasms both times. But Aileen was my best friend's girl as evidenced last night. And those trysts happened many months ago. She gave me a playful slap on the behind as I ran into the bathroom. I was confused but still horny from last night's spectacle. My morning shower was interrupted when she opened the door to give me a towel and - to take a peek at my semi erect penis. 

"I thought you'd be tired out from last night!" she said coyly. 

"What do you mean?" I asked, perplexed. 

"You and Lara sounded like you really hit it off! I never thought you were such a smooth operator! Less than 12 hours in the door and you're already in her pants..." Aileen said, quickly sneaking another peek at my package. "Sounds like you haven't lost your talent for driving a girl crazy... I'm kinda proud! Feels like I helped train you." 

"You've got it all wrong!" I protested as I came out of the shower, grabbing the towel and hastily drying myself. "That wasn't me with Lara last night. She had some tall male supermodel come in and give her a good workout after their volleyball match. I was trapped between downstairs where you and John were busy... getting reacquainted... and upstairs where Lara and her boyfriend were all over each other and on the sofa, the floor and their room. I had to retreat to your room to hide and to get some sleep!" 

"Oh! Wow... I... I'm sorry. I didn't realize..." Aileen giggled before continuing, "well get dressed and you can tell me all the gory details while we walk over there. It's about 10 minutes away." She finally left the bathroom to finish changing. 

As we walked Aileen proposed, "So if you're striking out with Lara and having trouble with sleeping arrangements you can always join John and I, we don't snore". 

"I don't think I can handle that. Too much guilt... too much awkwardness. John's my best friend. We're like brothers. I could never do anything to hurt him or you." I admitted. 

"That's really sweet, and John definitely thinks the same of you but he's not the jealous type, especially when it comes to you. He's always said he'd gladly share everything he's got with you. In fact it should be me that's jealous of you. He's always on the lookout for you, KC." 

I didn't know how to respond. We walked the rest of the way in silence. 

When we arrived John and Lara were waiting for us. They sat beside each other, smiling, almost like they shared a secret joke or something. John had the charm working full on. I've seen that look before, Lara was definitely in admiration mode. I was still exhausted from the night before and was zoning out, losing track of the conversation. Lara had some studying to do at the school. I tagged along with John to run some errands with Aileen, playing third wheel. That evening after a late supper we stopped by a club to meet up with Lara again. 

I'm a horrible dancer... John and Aileen were naturals, but it was Lara who really had heads turning. Her low cut top was tight and showed off her amazing toned body, with her perky breasts. Her pushup bra made her cleavage look oh so delectable. Her tight jeans also got attention from the ass lovers in the room. With her long dark brown hair, her pouty full lips, and those hypnotic eyes, I think every straight male in the room fell instantly in lust with her. I'm sure a few ladies gave her the once-over as well. 

At one point while John and Aileen shared a slow dance, Lara and I retreated to a table to grab a drink. 

"Quite a busy place." I shouted to Lara.

"Yeah", her reply was brief and her facial expression betrayed her disinterest in me.

I tried making conversation several times but was never given more than a couple words or a nod as answers. I always had trouble making conversation with the ladies. This was just another example to add to my list of strike outs over the years from high school till now.

Just as my sense of defeat was settling in, a young well dressed guy dropped by our table and introduced himself. He wasn't that tall but his tailored jacket, strategically unbuttoned shirt and his tight pants made it obvious that he worked out a lot. The music made it hard for me to hear but it was obvious the conversation was meant for her, not me. Five minutes later she was laughing, giggling with him, and the two whispered in each others ears like they were old friends or lovers. I don't know why I felt jealous... maybe inadequate was a better word. 

The two joined the crowded dance floor and Lara's wonderfully graceful moves were matched by his well timed undulations. Eventually he drew her close and their bodies moved in sync next to each other, her breasts heaving against his chest. John and Aileen sat down next to me, interrupting my pervy staring. 

"Not dancing?" asked Aileen. 

"No, not tonight." I replied, hoping desperately that the topic would change. 

"Here, let me take you out for a spin..." said Aileen, and with that she grabbed my hand and pulled me on to the dance floor, her body gyrating near mine, giving me an eyeful of her hips moving gently to the music, her breasts, swaying with the rhythm, her arms, legs, moving in step with the bass line. 

"Come on! let your body flow... you look so stiff!" Her eyes sparkled as she teased me. 

I looked across and saw John sitting at the table, raising his glass of beer to us, giving us a casual smile.

Aileen's hands came up to my face to refocus my gaze back at her. 

"I told you, everything's OK! John thinks of you as his best friend. He totally trusts you and he'd do anything to make you happy." 

Her hands were stroking the outside of my arms, her eyes looking at mine, full of life. Despite her earnest pleas, my heart still felt downcast, I still felt like an intruder.

Maybe it was the beer. Maybe it was the dancing. Maybe it was striking out with the hot roommate. Maybe it was Aileen and John and my awkward position around them... I waited for John and Aileen to return to the dance floor together. Lara was nowhere in sight. I ended up leaving the club early, hoping no one would notice. I was a bit drunk and stumbled in through the kitchen, and collapsed on the upstairs living room sofa where Lara and her boyfriend were the night before. 

I was out for maybe fifteen minutes before I awoke, needing to drain my bladder of all that beer. I stumbled over to the bathroom and did my business. Upon exiting the door I saw Lara's bedroom door in front of me, and Aileen's behind my left shoulder. Behind Lara's door some rustling could be heard, and once in a while some wet kissing. I couldn't hear much but it was easy to guess what was happening. Silence, broken by the occasional moan, some more rustling of clothing, some wet sloppy kissing... The door was slightly ajar... do I risk opening it a crack more? I was beginning to feel a bit horny and unconsciously my hand had drifted to the front of my pants, stroking my penis. 

My reverie was interrupted by the sound of the front door opening. Footsteps and giggling voices were rapidly approaching. My beer filled brain wasn't fully functioning and I retreated into the closest opening: Aileen's bedroom. Her closet door was slightly ajar and I ducked in there, trying to close it behind me. The footsteps approached and I could see through the gap in the closet door it was Aileen followed closely by John.

The two locked in a tight embrace, lips covering lips, hands roaming over each other. As they broke to breathe Aileen asked, "should we go look for KC? We didn't see him leave the bar."

John replied, "honey, he's a big boy now. Maybe he's across the hall in Lara's room" as he gently stroked Aileen's back. 

"No John, that wasn't KC and Lara upstairs last night. Apparently it was some guy Lara met at volleyball. KC ended up sleeping in here to avoid us downstairs and Lara upstairs" replied Aileen as she sat at the edge of the bed. 

"You sound like you want to help keep him company," John said with a smile as he sat down beside her, his hand slowly stroking her thigh.

"And why not? didn't you say I'm too much for one man to handle?" She giggled and paused. "How would KC handle me?" Aileen whispered with a smile, her hands now stroking John's forearm as he continued to stroke her thigh below her skirt. 

"Well, if I know KC, he's a romantic who loves boobs... so first he'd slowly start kissing you..." and John leaned over, his lips gently caressing her lips. His hand lifted from her thigh to gently stroke her cheek. "You're so beautiful", he murmured. 

"Is that you or KC talking?" Aileen teased. 

"How about both? He's always been crazy about you... even when he thinks no one notices. How about both of us at the same time? Are you too much to handle that?", now it was John's turn to chuckle. 

Aileen's hand dropped to John's crotch to handle "that", her answer without speaking.

Their kissing became more passionate and finally John had to remove Aileen's top and bra. He stood her up, and slowly walked over to the closet door. My heart raced. Had I been discovered? He took a few steps towards me, and reached out. With his hand he closed the bifold closet door shut. I then remembered, the door was mirrored on the outside. I could still see through the slight crack in the two panels although my field of vision was smaller now. He slowly kissed her neck, as his fingers wandered casually underneath her breasts, meeting at her sternum, then slowly across her breasts, lingering on Aileen's nipples. Both their eyes were concentrated on their mirrored reflection, watching her nipples harden. 

"KC wouldn't be able to take his hands off of you" John quietly said, almost mesmerized by his fingers slowly stroking the outside of Aileen's breasts, cupping them like a push up bra. Her hands made their way behind her to the bulge quickly forming in John's pants. Her talented fingers found a way to unbutton and unzip his pants while facing the reflection in the mirror. John's lips began to nibble at the nape of Aileen's neck... down the back of her shoulder blades before finding their way to the front of her breasts. He looked mischievously at the mirror before flicking her nipples with his tongue. He then licked slowly on the underside of her breasts before returning to her pointed nipples. His hands were now taking off her pants, one hand reaching down into her panties, quickly stroking her slit. My view was obstructed now and I almost bumped into the door as I tried to follow the path of his hands. 

Soon they were both standing completely naked, facing each other.. Aileen's fingertips began caressing John's rigid cock. It was obviously longer than mine, although I thought (or hoped) mine may be thicker. Their kisses became interrupted as he stopped what she was doing, had her lie down on the bed, legs apart and he kneeled on the ground, head between her legs. Her moans quickly started and it felt like I was hearing them in stereo. I had to stop as I think it was coming from me. My hand was in my pants, stroking my erect cock, almost hypnotized by what was happening on the other side of the closet door. 

I peeked again, trying to regain my composure. They were both seated now, facing the mirrored closet door. John stayed seated as Aileen slowly walked over, and lowered herself onto his erect cock. She used her fingers to gently guide it between her labia outer lips, while biting her lip. Slowly she was able to take him all in and gasped as she felt his full length inside of her. He leaned forward, grabbing her hips as he kissed the back of her shoulder, all while looking intently at the mirror. They began slowly rocking in unison, her breasts heaving with the forward and back thrusts. His left hand reached around and grabbed a breast, squeezing it gently, flicking her nipple with his finger on occasion. 

He raised his other hand and grabbing her by her shoulders, they both lay down on the bed, facing the ceiling. Their genitals were now on full display in front of the mirror. His long cock began pumping in and out of her cunt, her juices obviously flowing. Her moaning and groaning seemed to increase. His grip on her seemed to tighten, restraining her as he thrust in and out quickly. Aileen let out a gasp and as his cock popped out of her, she began to squirt through her pussy lips. He lay her gently on the bed, and hovered over her, face to face. Her body which had been trembling slowed down. But as he lowered himself onto her, her ecstasy was revived as she thrashed about beneath him, his long cock pumping in and out madly. A few more minutes and he pulled out with a groan, his cum spraying onto her stomach, some splashing as far up as her tits and her neck.

They both collapsed in a heap, their bodies obscured but I could hear their heavy panting. It was a few minutes before they whispered something and trotted off to the washroom. I waited for a moment before daring to open the closet door, crawling on my hands and knees and then going down stairs, to the basement room. The trek seemed to take forever but I collapsed in a drunken, exhausted heap onto my cot, falling asleep. 

The next day we had to make our long drive back home. It was a very quiet trip. Both of us were tired and hungover. and one of us obviously had a seriously long sex marathon while the other was nervously wondering if he was going to get found out.