  A wedding is the ultimate sign of prosperity; the chance that human life can socially, and properly, embrace the chance of biological evolution. She thought as she remembered what the essay she read last week.

 But where am I? Kate pondered.  I'm here reaching my 25th birthday, alone. Not one man, single or not, even bothers to glance my way. Not one. She snorted as they all enthralled around the blonde beauty on the center of the dance floor. Her hips moving perfectly at beat with the music; her figure, of course, is pleasing to the eye. She observed how the girl held them all in a trance. That's why they're all staring at her. She's tall and overly thin; the perfect description of a typical Hollywood model. 

She decided it was better to leave for some fresh air before she depressed herself enough to eat the entire buffet table. There was a small bridge in the garden that seemed far away enough from the party. Without a doubt she knew she needed a break from it all. 

Kate knew she looked good today; the rich violet color complimented her sun kissed skin well. The ruffled skirt was also respectable and reached almost to her knees. However, the top was strapless –which she made sure to shy off her cardigan once the reception started—and displayed the top of her breasts nicely. She styled her down with a few bangs to add a bit of mystery. 

And yet, glancing over the rails of the bridge she looked at her reflection and acknowledged that there wasn't much to disagree with. She knew she was considered beautiful, too. But my beauty is different, she grimaced. Kate was short and brunette; standing at a not-so-proud 5'-3." She thanked God everyday that her caramel eyes weren't too far apart, her lips were full, and her brown hair reflected streaks of gold like the sun. She looked downward, towards the curves of her chest, appreciating the fullness of her breasts. Her size reached a full C-cup. The banister covered her skinny, but fleshy, waist. Since adolescence she worked hard to burn the fat she labeled "the pouch" from her center, but it never fully went away. At least I was granted a nice bottom, she acknowledged, that pretty blonde doesn't have one of these! She realized as a small smirk crept to her lips. 

She gazed back to the pond, wondering where all the time had gone. It felt as if it were yesterday when they all graduated college and went their separate ways, though, she was ultimately proud of her friend's decision for a husband. Kate only felt left behind. Maybe if she hadn't gone to New York she would have met someone by now. 

There was no doubt Tom was a great guy. Deep down there was no doubt that her friends were true soul mates. Kate couldn't help but to sigh. She was the one who got them together their senior year of college. The reason her friend discovered she could be with Tom was because Kate made it possible. She loved them both. They were her backbone when she broke up with her boyfriend of three years. Her friends built her into the woman she is today: successful, powerful, and ambitious.

But she never stopped giving. Her family helped Tom find a job in California after Catherine received a once in a lifetime job opportunity. She frowned at the memory when she broke the news about New York. They were all going to go together to California. Kate had other job offerings easily because of her 3.6 GPA and extracurricular activities, but Exsus Inc.—in New York—was a bigger company with less risk and a better paycheck. Being in finance was always her thing. She was always the business type of person and made the decision which would better her future. 

Glancing back to the reception tent, the wedding was something special. Catherine loved decorating, but Kate never fully understood the bride's talent until she walked under the reception tent. The center pieces were a collaboration of blue, white, and purple roses and carnations in a glittering silver vase. The woman had even laced lights through the flowers. 

She used a distressed silver table cloth, which reflected flower petals in the light. The chairs were adorned with alternating blue and purple seat covers with silver tie backs. She had even correctly chosen contemporary white squared tableware. Being a Financial Analyst doesn't seem to be the right job for her anymore, Kate pondered as she gazed past the perfect garden. The bridge overlooked a small pond with lily pads and koi, while the surrounding foliage was a collection of fountains and beautiful spring flowers. Butterflies and lady bugs migrated around the garden. 

Everything was, in a word, perfect. 

"What a perfect day for a wedding," Kate spun at the sound of the stranger's voice. At a glance she thought he was gorgeous. At 5'11" he held himself tall, his dark brown hair reflecting reds in the sunlight. She noticed thick muscles hidden well under his rolled up button-up shirt. He stared at her as she seemed too preoccupied absorbing his presence to answer. "I'm sorry, miss, let me introduce myself," He said in a British accent, "Name's Phillip."

With a shake of her head, Kate seemed to come out of her trance. She even managed to respond coherently. "I'm Kate. Nice to meet you. Are you running for some fresh air, too? It is ridiculously warm in that tent."

"Well, it was getting rather hot in there, but I saw you here and figured you might want some company. You don't have a date, I presume?" His blue eyes held her hazel ones with sheer innocence. 

"Um—no, actually. I flew in from New York just yesterday. I don't know anyone in the area." She smiled a bit at the idea of this man asking her about her date. Pfft! "You?"

"I flew in from Southampton a few days ago with my brother. You see, the groom's brother was my flatmate when they went to uni a few years ago. We've been best friends ever since."

"So you came here to enjoy an American wedding or to see if you can catch any American girls?"Kate held a mischievous look as she waited for his response. The comment was a hit or miss. That alone would say plenty about him. Fortunately, he laughed. So he's cute and has a sense of humor. Hmm...Interesting. It wasn't everyday there was a chance to meet a foreigner but weddings were always the crossroads of a lot of relationships. It always made people think about the future. It definitely made her think about it more than she wanted to. 

"I wouldn't have overlooked the opportunity. And now that I've met you, I think you can be my American girl for the evening." He winked and flashed a smile that made her knees weak. "That wouldn't be a problem now, would it?"

"I don't see why not. But I'm a good girl. I don't sleep around." She stated in warning but kept a playful look to her eyes. When their eyes met, she noted his were a dark turquoise sea, darkening only as she bit out her last words. She didn't realize he sensed a challenge then. 

With a crooked smile, he pretended to sound offended. "That wasn't my intention, Miss Kate. Of course, if you were to offer, I would have to surely decline. I'm a good boy, you know?" 

She outright laughed at that. She caught a hint of playfulness in his gaze. "I like you, Mr.—er?"

"Michaels. Phillip Michaels." He corrected. 

"Well, we should be getting back. They'll be cutting that cake soon. And if there is one thing you never want to miss, it's the cake when my friend is the wedding planner." She went to make her leave, when he caught her arm. 

She stared back up, and his eyes had darkened with lust, like a sea of deep blue waves in a storm. Her mouth fell into a perfect "O". "Why don't you be my date for the rest of the party, Kate?"

"O-okay," She managed to mutter as he hooked her arm around his and led her back to the dance floor. Thankfully, they were cutting the cake soon. 

