 A close childhood friend of mine whom I haven’t seen in about 20 years had got in touch with me to tell me, that he was moving back to the area and that we needed to hang out.  Pete and I had been friends since we were probably ten years old and then he moved away when he turned 18 to attend college in Massachusetts.  He got married, moved to Cape Cod until his wife surprised him with a divorce.  

His sister Samantha was a close friend of my sister’s when we were kids.  She’s about 4 years younger then me but back in the day age difference was a big factor when it came to dating (It was frowned upon to date someone 4 years younger or older then you were).  Even though she was mostly my sisters friend we always got along really well and I thought she was cute, but I never really had any interest in her as far as a romantic interest. She always had a very sweet free spirited personality.

When Pete moved back, he rented an apartment (Downstairs) in his sisters raised ranch not too far from where I lived.  I had no idea that Samantha was still living in the area all this time.  Pete invited me to hang out with him and his sister one night  His sister’s apartment (Upstairs from Pete) was very nice.  She was kind of a neat freak and lived very eloquently and independently.  

That night I had brought over a case of beer and Samantha had a few bottles of wine, liquor and more beer.  It was a great reunion of friends.  I couldn’t help how exceptionally attractive Samantha had gotten to be.  She was 5’5”, shoulder length reddish/brown hair, beautiful blue eyes, with 34 C cup rack and a pretty tight package below the bust.  She had a sweet (Not annoying) high pitched voice and she knew how to entertain and party.

Pete was a lightweight when it came to booze.  Even though he was 6’5”  and weighed about 230 lbs it was only after a few hours of drinking that night where he decided he needed to go downstairs to his apartment and call it a night.  Samantha and I were anything but lightweights and proceeded to drink, tell old stories, catch up on the new until the sun was about ready to come up.  She told me it was alright if I crashed there that night if I had to and since neither of us had to work the next day, I thought it was probably going to be a good idea.  I have a strict personal policy against getting behind the wheel intoxicated.

The two of us decided around 5:30 am that it was time to crash.  We were very tipsy and having a rather difficult time standing up straight.  

“Mike, walk me to my room, make sure I don’t fall down or bump into the walls” she said to me.  

I walked her to her room and she went to plop down on her bed taking me with her.  The two of us just laid there in our clothes on top of a still made bed next to each other sort of blankly staring at each other.  It was that blank stare you give people when your  foggy from overconsumption of alcohol.

“You know what dude, we probably should crawl under the covers and get to bed” she said to me as she got up and sat at the edge of the bed.

“Yeah, probably a good idea” I said to her as I watched her begin to slide of her jeans and take of her shirt.  Normally I would have paid extra close attention to this but I was so out of it, I didn’t pay much attention to what she looked like in her bra and panties.

“You should too Mike, don't sleep in those clothes, I’d sleep in at least your boxers if I were you.  My bed is awesomely comfortable” she went on to say to me.

Thinking nothing of it due to the level of intoxication we both were under, I stripped down to my boxers and the two of us rolled back the bedding on the bed and crawled under.  Thinking it would only be a matter of seconds before I pass out, Samantha, laying next to me put her head on my chest and spread her arms across my body and began to administer light kisses across my lower chest.

“Um..” I said to her, as this was sort of putting me in a slight awkward situation.

“I need your cock” she whispered as she continued to kiss my chest.

“What about your brother Pete,Sam? Him and I go way back?” I reminded her.

“What about him?  When was the last time you got some Mike?  I haven’t in a long time” she continued to tell me as I really began to think things over.

“But..”

“But nothing. Stop thinking too much and let’s do this” she said as she slid under the sheets and began to remove my boxers.  As I mentioned earlier, I always admired her free spirit.

Samantha went on to give me a very intense, wet and sloppy blowjob.  It must have went on for a good five minutes or more.  I can see her eyes looking at mine as she slurped up and down my throbbing shaft.  It was sexy, yet intense.  

She then sat up, threw the rest of the bedding on the floor, turned around and got on all fours.

“Fuck that pussy really hard!” she said to me in a drunken slur.  I noticed that she had on a black thong.  I could see the beauty of her reddish/brown hair down her back and shoulders.  I sat up, moved aside the part of her thong covering her pussy and I stuck my cock in.

The slow long thrusting didn’t last long.  Probably within only a matter of seconds I was trusting at break neck speed.  You can hear the patter of my balls colliding with her pussy.  She was moaning softly and I could see her perky beautiful tits still bound by her loose bra swaying in the mirror that was in front of the bed.

I stopped as she turned around and crawled to the back of the bed.  She laid down on her back and removed her bra.  Those tits were so beautiful.  Perky and not sagging one bit.  Her nipples were so inviting.  I posted myself between her legs and leaned down for a kiss.  I then worked my way to her tits and sucked on her nipples for a short while.  

“I want you to make me cum hard Mike!” as I leaned in for another short peck on the lips.

Working my way further down I removed her thong and buried my head in her pink, wet, groomed pussy.  She tasted like a fine wine and the sight of her cupping her tits while she moaned in sweet delight was beautiful.  I can’t believe that I was actually fucking my best friends sister!  I never planned on doing this and in the past I only took a passing interest in Samantha because of how much of a free spirit she seemed.  

I stuck my cock in between her legs and began to fuck her intensely fast as she laid there on her back.  She was practically screaming.

“Oh Mike! Oh yeah! Fuck me hard! Fuck that pussy really hard!” she screamed as I just pounded her as fast I possibly could watching those tits shake uncontrollably.

“Oh shit! I’m gonna cum!” I yelled as I continued to pump her.

“No! I want you to taste you!” she said and I pulled out holding my throbbing cock in my hand.

I then edged off the side of the bed and began stroking my cock positioning it over her face.  She leaned over and opened her mouth as I penetrated it the best I could.  I slid it back and forth until I shot my load in her mouth.  Her mouth was gaping wide open when I saw my cum  drip into it making sure she got every last bit out of it before she swallowed all of it.

A few minutes later we passed out next to each other on the bed, naked and without any blankets on.  I must have been out for two hours before I got up and realized that I should leave before her brother realizes I spent the night with her in her bed.  

I got up, put my clothes on and leaned over.  I kissed her on the lips and forehead and told her that I would call her later.  She barely opened her eyes and kissed me back before falling back asleep.

It was 8 in the morning and I left to go home.  After that night we never discussed our little tryst.  The two of us still fuck each other whenever I stop over for an ‘All Nighter’ which is once or twice a year.  No relationship, just some nice sex between two good friends.