 It has been an exceptionally long time since I submitted anything here and I do apologize. My life has been rather sexless lately as I have been caught up in the life of being a grandmother. That word, grandmother, still makes me uneasy. Surely I am not that old. I must take a deep breath and sigh my disgust.

Anywho, not a lot has gone on that has been exciting and to be honest, I have been in a funk lately. That is another reason I haven't written anything. My sex life hasn't exactly been scorching lately and that is definitely more me than anything else. 

I did have one encounter about a couple of weeks ago in October that made my eyes roll in the back of my head and was definitely worth writing about. It happened on another one of those chance meetings that I am apparently so famous for. 

I'll set the scene. Had a hot date, the first "real" since late August. I was in Wilmington, NC to visit a few people and enjoy the opening barrage of fall. Let's admit the truth, I needed some "me" time. I was bunking with one of my friends and his roommate during the first part of my week there. My friend Hank is an artist and there was a little party where he has his art displayed. I agreed to go because he is very good (with art) and I am a sucker for big puppy dog eyes. I also didn't want to spend the night at his place since his roommate had a date. I love the sound of sex, just not when other people are doing it. I didn't think anything of going to the gala at the time, which I guess was mistake number one.

He asked me to stay close to him throughout the evening because he might get nervous and he didn't know many of the people who would be there. I did what he asked, figuring that the artsy-fartsy crowd wasn't really his thing. He was typically more of an outdoor guy. A few times he tried to take my hand in his, which I really didn't go for but allowed it because of his "nerves". 

The night dragged on and was quite boring. I didn't say much to anyone, a few smiles and a few nods. I knew I was there as an arm piece and I accepted my role. As the night progressed, he got a little more handsy with me and I had to put him down, politely but not adamant. I didn't want to ruin his night, after all. 

When his hand cupped my ass and he pulled me in during a conversation with some older couple, I knew we were going to have a very uncomfortable talk later. This was just one of several escalating things that he did to make me feel very uncomfortable as the evening dragged.

The night ended and we walked down the street to his car. We had both had a few drinks, but not enough to say it affected anyone's judgment. He opened the door for me and as he opened it, he used his other arm to pull me to him and kiss me.

My immediate response was "What the fuck?", but I had to admit I liked the kiss. It didn't take long for my sense to return and I pushed him away. 

What followed was a hodge-podge of the usual crap women endure. Truth is I wasn't attracted to him, I told him so and he blamed me for sending the wrong signals. I laughed it off, apparently hurting his feelings in the process and before I knew it, I was being left alone in the parking lot to find my own way home.

While mad at first, it wasn't too bad of a situation. Being in downtown, there were some bars to hit up before I called a taxi to take me where? Was I going to stay in Hank's house? Should I get a hotel room? Who knew, I jokingly said to myself, I might be lucky and get laid for the first time in a few months. Which, as my avid followers know, is far too long for me.

Strolling in and sitting at the bar, I get a few looks. It was to be expected. College town, college-esque bar, and I am in a short cocktail dress. Just a little out of place. It didn't stop me from getting a few catcalls and smiles on the way in. I can't say I minded the attention. 

What I didn't expect was to see someone who looked vaguely familiar to me. Our eyes caught a few times. He was playing pool with some of his buddies. All of them were very well built, not necessarily body builder types but toned, average bodies. The one who caught my attention moved with confidence and had a cocky smirk that I knew I had seen before.

He smiled at me after the third or fourth time our eyes met. Handing the pool stick to one of his friends, he came over to say hi, offering to of course buy me a drink. 

I told him yes, but he had to get one himself too, which he did. He told me I looked very familiar and if we had met before. I reciprocated the thought and for the life of me, I couldn't figure where I knew him from. 

I asked him his name and he said "Jason". Fairly common and ordinary name, right? So began the game of twenty questions.

Turns out he went to UT in Martin. He was a stripper. Thought maybe that was where I knew him from. It wasn't until he told me that he used to be a professional wrestler that the light bulb came on.

He was the "Big Bad Voodoo Daddy" that I had written about a few years ago. We laughed about it; partly because our night together was over ten years ago and, well, lets be honest I have written about it. So lets just say he made a considerable impression on me.

We talked a long while, had more than a few drinks, and I actually enjoyed talking to him. Stranger yet, I felt an enormous amount of tension between us yet he wasn't acting on it. Hell, neither was I. That was the strangest thing of all.

We continued to talk as the alcohol got out of our system. His "boys" left and he stayed to talk. It was getting late and I knew I needed to figure out my situation. I was gonna call for a cab, when Jason told me to save the fare and he'd give me a lift.

I jokingly had to ask if he meant a ride or something else. He answered "both", with a cocky grin and a wink. 

Walking to his car, he opened the door for me and I sat down, waiting for him to sit next to me. Stick shift, I noticed. Then my mind went in a totally different, yet completely "Angelic" way and I wondered how good his stick had gotten over the years.

He got in and turned the car on, his head turned to me and I got caught looking at his package. I smiled, not embarrassed at the gaff, and told him that I was gonna have to look at some point. To this he responded, he was surprised it took me this long. He had me checked out the moment I entered the bar. 

Let's just say that my nipples tightened and my clit pinged at the moment he rose his eyebrows and dragged his tongue to lick his lips. I'll be damned if he didn't give LL Cool J a run for his money with that act.

I remember there being a conversation about what hotel I should stay at for the night. He said to save the money and just bunk with him for the night and figure out the rest tomorrow. I jokingly had to ask if he was serious. He was. It was perfect timing because he had to stop at a light near an outdoor mall or shopping center, couldn't really tell. 

He looked at me, as deadpanned as anyone could and asked me if it would be such a bad thing if he took advantage of me.

I couldn't help but go all kinds of naughty at that moment and asked him who would be taking advantage of who? 

He laughed heartily as the light changed and he sped off.

A few minutes later, we were at his apartment and I had no idea what was waiting for me next. I wasn't going to lie, the flirting had picked up and I definitely wanted to fuck him, but wasn't sure it was going to happen.

His gaze fell upon me as he turned on the lamp next to his sofa and opened the blinds. What I saw beyond them was incredible. I had no idea the ocean at night could be so beautiful. I inhaled sharply as my mind began to do its thing. My body was beginning to follow suit.

I was aware that Jason was behind me and I would have been content to let him nuzzle against me. It was no surprise when he did so and I felt the heat of his body press against my back. We stood like this for a long moment of silence before he said, "fuck it", causing my anxiety to rocket and my pulse to quicken as I hoped that what was gonna happen was going to actually happen.

Jason turned me to face him and his hand rose to cradle my chin, lifting my face until I met his gaze. My pulse throbbed madly at my throat when I saw the heat in his eyes as they fixed on my mouth. He seduced me so effortlessly. The strength of my desire for him burned away the few remaining insubstantial shadows which could have been considered rational thoughts.

The hand that wasn't already holding my chin came up to join its twin, holding me steady for the onslaught of his kiss. Jason didn't seem particularly concerned with mutuality at that moment. He probed deeply, sweeping his tongue everywhere, establishing dominance over my body with a stunning attack on my senses.

I moaned as his taste registered in my brain. My hands clutched desperately at his back as he continued to fuck my mouth with his tongue. He tasted like premium scotch with a hint of mint. My fingertips explored the sensation of smooth skin stretched tautly across dense muscle. Heat resonated off his body. Pressing closer, I wanted to share that hear and felt the need to be thawed and burned by his touch.

I couldn't help it. My hands moved over him greedily. He groaned, deep and savage, before tearing his mouth from mine. For a tense moment, he simply stared at me before lifting me into his arms. I held on tightly to his shoulders as a kaleidoscope of images spun before my eyes as he quickly moved towards the bedroom and that only added to my chaotic emotional state.

Tearing off the wrap I wore around my shoulders, he lowered me to the bed. The zipper of my black cocktail dress came down next.

"Arms up." He muttered in a growl.

I complied. He tossed aside the black dress a second later.

My hips moved restlessly on the bed, instinctively trying to relieve the pressure growing at the apex of my body when his gaze dropped over me. I wore a black bra and panty set with some thigh-high stockings as well as my pearls. The thought of what he could do with my pearls added to my hysterical state. His expression didn't alter much, but his eyes blazed a trail so hot that as they toured my body, I could feel my flesh set on fire.

"Take off your panties and move back on the bed."

I did exactly what he demanded as if this was some sort of hot, exciting dream, a fantasy that I had not the slightest inclination to resist the carnal allure of. Covering my body with his own by the time my head hit the pillows, he palmed my thighs and spread them to accommodate his body in the process. Immediately he took possession of my mouth again. Our tongues tangled and mated wildly as he began to run his hands down my sides, one pausing at a silk-covered breast, the other sliding down my waist and cradling my hip.

Tilting my pelvis up, he pressed himself to her and forced me to feel the strength of his desire. I could only moan into his mouth. The man was so damn vibrant next to me and made me feel alive. It was a dizzying sensation for someone who had been without sex for a few months, which I suppose to a "normal" person is a few years. He furthered this jolt of sexual electricity by molding my breast in his palm gently, then roughly but always with a possessive need. I strained up, desperate for more of the sensation of his touch. My hands ran over his back and shoulders, sliding and rubbing in an attempt to consume him with my touch.

My nipple pressed into the center of his palm like a hard little dart and his eyes widened with hunger and intensity. His eyes both caressed me and devoured me whole. Then he whispered against my collarbone that he couldn't wait to taste the sweet nectar of my pussy.

I saw him wince in agonized pleasure as he rolled me off onto his left hip and ripped the button fly of his jeans. He shoved them down his thighs with precise, rapid movements allowing his cock to spring free. Stiff, tight, and straining towards me, I wanted to do nothing more than to lick it and suck on it to taste the salty glory of his cum.

I whimpered as his cock brushed the bare, satiny skin of my thigh. I couldn't help but reach for him. Unfortunately, he stopped me by grabbing both of my wrists and transferred both of them to one hand. Pushing my wrists down over my head, he then reached between my thighs.

He watched my face as he burrowed his fingers through damp, silky hair and dipped into the warm center of my pussy before he spread the abundant moisture between my labia and slid against my clit. I couldn't help but arch my back off the bed. I squirmed frantically at the restraint of his binding hand.

He only gripped my wrists and held me tighter. His fingers played a hard, ruthless rhythm, plucking and strumming my nerve-packed flesh until the tension in my body broke and I cried out sharply in stunned ecstasy. Two of his fingers plunged into my tight sheath and he watched with cruel interest as my body clamped and convulsed around the intrusion.

I was beyond ready for him. He told me that he was as hungry for me as he knew I was for him. I told him to put the money where his mouth is and prove it.

Stretching, he reached for a condom in the drawer of his bedside table, with gritted teeth he tore the foil package off and rolled it on his cock in near record timing. Without a word he spread my thighs and arrowed himself into me. My body resisted him at first but the crazed sensation his presence created in my hot, narrow portal made me swoon as it welcomed the thick head of his cock.

He held the base of his cock with one hand, working into my clamping channel with subtle up-and-down motions while his hips, God those hips, provided a steady, hard pressure as I moaned. Deliriousness tickled my belly because I was still in the aftershock of climax. I strained and undulated against him just before he thrusted hard against me. He paused when he heard me cry out and his cock was burrowed less than half its length into me.

His head dropped next o mine, pressing kisses along my neck, pausing to run the elegant strand of pearls I still wore between his lips, licking at the smooth globes lightly before he nipped at my tender skin. My lips parted when he found them and I could feel his cock throb inside of me as his tongue sank into the warm cavern of my mouth. I prayed that my pussy gripped him mercilessly so that I could torture him the way he was doing me.

He pushed back a smooth thigh which opened my body to him and he took possession of it as soon as admission was granted. His thumb found my clit, circling, plucking, and coaxing. I groaned into his mouth and pushed up for more, forcing his cock farther into my body in the process.

I cried out in sharp desire as he began to pulse his hips. His cock, too large to be in my body, invaded me and forced me to make room for him. The thumb on my clit drove me further into a frenzy of lust. Friction began to build in me, a familiar feeling and I responded by pushing and rotating my hips around his cock, up and down, in and out, whatever I had to do in order to feed the mounting flame that was growing and expanding in my sex and belly. I saw the way his lip curled and the way his eyes gleamed as a result of my actions. I mewled in pleasure and increased the pressure against him, to provide further evidence of my desperate need.

I writhed and whimpered beneath him, begging him in the most primal fashion to take complete possession of me. He accepted my wordless invitation and drove his cock into me, pressing his balls tightly to my my hilt and grunted with animalistic pleasure. When I responded with a cry and arched my back, he secured my wrists tighter and held me to the bed. 

He began to thrust into me with tight, concentrated strokes. I felt breathless, tight, and restricted all because of the mounting pleasure he was giving me. His cock massaged me deeply and both filled a need and began a new fire at the same time. He had pried my body open to him but I was damned if I was not going to try and pull him back to me every time he withdrew from me. I needed that thick, hard knob of muscle stabbing, rubbing, and punishing my pussy. I needed release and I wanted more of what he was offering to me.

When he leaned down and encircled my silk covered nipple in the heat of his mouth, I almost cried out his name. The suction he applied was damn near perfect and made the blazing inferno in the pit of my sex grow higher. When he bit at the tender morsel and thrust into me hard, the result was a loud smack of flesh against flesh and orgasm erupted from me.

He grunted as I squeezed and convulsed around his cock. I saw his eyes squint and the intense look on his face as he looked into my eyes made me want to fucking cum again. 

Before I could, he reached up and roughly pushed down both of the thin straps of black silk that covered my breasts. He bent and sampled one hard, pointed crest and lashed it with his tongue. Sucking hard, he nipped and bit with his front teeth. He leaned up slightly and seemed to focus on my auburn locks scattered across the pillow. I stared at him with desire-glazed eye and my breath, coming in choppy, shallow pants was all the proof he needed that he was performing marvelously at the moment. The walls of my vagina continued to convulse around his cock and every time he moved out of me, I used every muscle I had to tighten against him and make the friction unbearable and demand that he sink back into me and bring me more pleasure.

Pushing back one thigh and then the other into my chest, he began to pound into me. I shrieked in shock, both because of the pain and desire he was giving. I couldn't help but cry out his name in disbelief. He rocked into me again and again, every driving down stroke pushing my body farther and farther up on the bed until my forearms were trapped between her skull and the wrought iron headboard.

He paused for a moment, when the realization I had been saying his name finally reached his ears, he was still fully sheathed in me and reached out between our sweat dampened bodies. His fingers spread the lips of my outer sex wide before he ground his pelvis against the nerve-packed tissues between my labia. I could only shimmer around him in post-orgasmic bliss. My whole body began to tremble and stake he he surged up against me, scraping the narrow path of hair that trailed from his taut belly-button to the thatch around his cock against my sensitive, exposed cleft and clit, applying a steady and relentless pleasure.

I groaned in misery and fought against the instinct to close my eyes, I told him that I wanted him to make me cum again. He smiled and looked at the evidence of my need... fingernails clenching to his flesh and digging him to me and forcing him to stay near and thrusting. Using his forearm to push my knees down hard onto my shoulder, I was very keen to the increased pressure from the altered angle of his cock stabbing so intimately into my body. He grabbed a round buttock and smacked it and I cried out in pleasant surprise. It had been so long since anyone had smacked my ass.

He rasply told me what he was going to do to my ass and my entire body began to shudder and shake as I came in violent release. He gave a tense bark of laughter, both full of confidence and arousal. He pounded into my quivering pussy with quick and ruthless thrusts. Our flesh struck rapidly now, holding back nothing while I madly strived to find relief while he was inside, penetrating my farthest regions. I was wholly immobilized against the headboard and he smacked our flesh together once more and brought the walls of my vagina to the point of quivering and soul shattering ecstasy. 

Throwing his head back, he roared between clenched jaws as he continued to pump within me, hard and fast, as he finally erupted in orgasm and came. I could feel the heat of him beneath the latex and almost felt the heated liquid of his semen filling me to burst but it was an empty thought. 
