 Last night I woke up at about two thirty with a boner. It wasn't my boner (well it was my boner - because I got to play with it), but it was attached to my friend Eugene.

Gene is a big man, well over six feet tall. His skin is the colour of coffee with cream. He's quick to smile, he has broad shoulders, a chest the size of a whiskey barrel, and his arms are bigger around than my legs. He wears size fourteen shoes and his cock is a full eight inches long when hanging loosely by his leg. It grows when it gets hard. When he's excited it points upwards; towards his chin, or the ceiling. It's hooked like a scimitar. It's really a beautiful dick... it's just so damn big.

My physical relations with Gene are usually oral. Once, when I first met him, I let him have my ass. It was only the once though. He continually asks still, sometimes begs but I resist. It hurt for almost a week the first time and I don't want to go through that again.

Oh, let's talk about cum. Gene cums in quarts, or maybe gallons. No, I'm kidding but two girls and two hours can coax enough cum from Eugene to glaze a whole chocolate Bundt cake. I know this because I've done it. Gene, Kimiko and I sat naked around the kitchen table and ate almost the whole thing afterwards. Of course Gene rubbed some on me and Kimiko's tits; just so he could lick it off. We returned the favor and rubbed in on his chest for the same reason. His cum has a unique flavor, unlike any other boy I've ever tasted. He tastes like pralines and cream. Sweet and salty at the same time, hard to get enough of!

Anyway, I digress. I was telling you about my boner. Gene's wife, Beth, has a booming practice as a sexual surrogate. She was out of town at a sex toy convention, so he had called me up.

"Hey, CJ," he sounded excited over the phone. "They just delivered my new mattress. Beth is out of town. I need someone to help me break it in. You interested?"

Immediately I felt a stirring in my pussy, "I might be," I said coolly, "are you providing dinner too?"

"I'll go pick up sushi. Does that sound OK?"

"Sounds great, it'll take me about an hour."

***

Gene answered the door in faded jeans and a loose fitting, long sleeved green Henley top. He looked good. I had showered, shaved and, trimmed up my pubes before pulling on a white tube top and blue shorts. I wore nothing other than these two pieces of clothing. No underwear, no shoes, no hat. Nothing.

We ate naked on the back porch, watching the sun set before we moved to the bedroom to see the new mattress and coupled in the 69 position with me on top. I can barely get my lips around the head of his cock so, there is very little "in and out" action but my tongue was moving furiously. So was his and I tried to time it so that we came together but Gene came first. I swallowed as much as I could but inevitably a lot of his seed slipped from the corners of my mouth and ran down his shaft. I rubbed it into his balls and used some as lubrication to assist with slipping my middle finger in his ass. I worked that while he kept doing what he was doing. I fought my orgasm. I held back as long as I could, letting the intensity build. I believe that I screamed and shook and squeezed Eugene's head with my thighs when I finally went over the edge. When I could stand it no longer, I lifted myself up and got my, now swollen and sensitive, clitoris out of range of his mouth. I kept my cum lubed finger working though and I used my other hand to stroke his giant dick. The second time he came the first thick rope of semen hit the headboard behind him and began to slide down the wood. I turned in the bed and scraped it off with the heel of my hand. I licked my hand and shared some with him. 

I came twice more and he came once more before he spooned me from behind and we relaxed and fell asleep. At two thirty I woke up with a boner.

It was Eugene's hard-on, of course and it was moving up and down, guided by my ass crack, as he dry humped me in his sleep. I reached behind me and pushed him over onto his back. I sat up in the bed and straddled his belly, lifting his cock with both hands and pointed it up, towards the ceiling. Then I slid down him, sitting on my knees, and nestled my clit against the base of his erection. He was still asleep and when I looked down it appeared almost as though that hard, long, fat, cock was sprouting from between my legs. My boner. Using both hands I began gently stroking, watching it as it got even stiffer, pointing it towards me. I ground my clit against him and felt the motion of my stroking. I was getting hotter and my pussy was dripping. 

I wanted my dick to spurt cum on my tits as I came. I redoubled my efforts. At some point Gene awoke and reached to squeeze and knead my breasts. I pushed his hand away. This was all about me. All about my orgasm as cum began to erupt from the end of the oversize erection. The first shot hit me in the bridge of my nose; closing my eyes. Gene roared and the five or six subsequent spurts hit my chin, my tits and my belly. By this time I was grinding my pussy against his cock and stroking him furiously; riding the wave of my own orgasm. As I slowly returned to my senses his white jizz was running down my body. He reached up and stilled my hands. I let go of his twitching cock and rubbed the cum in, spreading it like body lotion, face lotion. I ran my fingers through my hair and squeezed his balls once, for good luck.

The clock glowed across the room. It was not quite three when I got off of Eugene and out of the bed. I left my clothes on his floor, grabbed my bag and walked naked down the front walk to my car. I drove home that way. I parked in my spot in the garage, took the lift upstairs, and walked down the hall where I unlocked the door to the condo I share with Andrea. I saw my reflection in the dark sliding glass door when I entered the apartment. My hair was a mess but I thought I looked sexy. I had that "freshly fucked" look about me. That look is great on Andrea too.

I liked the look so I forgot about a shower and plopped down on the couch to watch late night TV. I woke at seven, grateful that I worked from home and didn't have to make my way downtown to an office somewhere. I stretched and smiled as the dry cum pulled and tightened across every inch of my skin. I patted my stiff hair as I made my way down the hall to the shower. I must remember to invite Gene and Beth over for drinks some night soon.

My first boner had erupted and covered me with cum that tasted of pralines and cream. What more could a girl ask for? What a great night.