 Disclaimer!!! I do not in any way condone abuse or misuse of women or any other human being. Please keep fantasy where it belongs.

* * * * *

The sun was just coming up in the eastern sky as Amanda got into her car and headed home. It had been her first night on the job and she had just been taken sexually by her supervisor. She knew that it was against the law for him to do that to her but she didn't really care. She had needed the discipline of a man for a long time. Her boyfriend, if that was what you wanted to call him, didn't do it for her any more. She was supposed to meet him at his apartment this morning after work. She pulled out onto the freeway and headed toward home, contemplating the previous night's romp in the bathroom with her boss. "My bitch apprentice" was what he had called her. She could feel a slight anger begin to grow as she thought of those words, those words that were meant to demean her, meant to piss her off but instead just confirmed what she already knew about herself. She was a bitch, a slut, and a whore if you will a woman whose station in life was to give herself to her man, hell to any man obviously. She thought about the feel of her boss's cock in her mouth, thought about the taste and smell of his cum as he face fucked her. God she loved the feeling of him oozing his fluid into her mouth and she loved the feel of his cum splashing against her cheek and splattering off her face and running down her lips. She would do it again and again and again if the opportunity presented itself. 

As she changed lanes and moved onto the exit ramp, she thought once again about her boyfriend. She thought about how much different he was than her boss. He was just a boy, only 21 and even though he was legally a man, he was not the kind of "man" that she craved. The kind of man she craved was the kind of man who knew what he wanted and knew what it took to get it. She had dreamed about the type of experience that she had encountered the night before with her boss but she knew that experiences like that didn’t come every day. 

The loose gravel crackled under her tires a she pulled into the apartment driveway. Pulling into her boyfriend's parking space she reflected on her relationship with her current lover. As she sat there she wondered if she loved him or just put up with his shit. It was a hard decision that every woman must go through once in a while. He was good to her in most respects but he didn’t seem to take the relationship seriously. He just made her go out every night and work while he sat at home on his lazy ass. Just why she put up with his shit she didn't know. Well, that was not exactly true. She knew very well why she put up with him. It was because he had a dick between his legs, although not a real big dick, a dick none the less. And she knew that she could trust him while she was at work every night. The trust aspect of their relationship was important to her because if she hated anything else and that was sharing her "dick" with the other tramps in town.

Amanda shut her car off and opened the door and stepped out shutting it behind her. She aimed her remote entry at the car and pushed the button and waited for the tell tale beep that let her know that the alarm was active. This was a rough part of town and she always made sure her alarm was set on her car. She knew it wouldn't stop every thief in town, but it would stop the lazy ones. Stretching as she made her way to the apartment, she felt herself yawn, the long hours caching up with her. Sleep...that was what she needed, sleep. She was so tired and her body ached and she needed some well-deserved rest. 

The coolness of the conditioned air hit her in the face as she opened the door and made her way inside. Walking down the hall, she saw one of her neighbors and nodded to him as they passed. She had seen him before. Joe or John or some name like that she thinks she heard him called one day. Although she didn't know his name, they were on a "hello" basis. He was black, stood about 6'2 and weighed about 250 pounds and simply because of his hulking presence, she steered clear of him. He seemed like a nice guy but he, as most people in this apartment complex pretty much stayed to himself. She often wondered why people of different races seemed to stay away from each other. It was such a shame that there was not more tolerance from every ethnic group, but that was the way it had been for centuries and probably would be that way till the end of time.

As she walked up to the door, fumbled in her pocket for her key. Inserting the key into the lock and turning it, she started to push it open. She paused momentarily, realizing that she hadn't felt any hesitation when she turned the key. The door appeared to be unlocked! She removed her key and slowly turned the knob and pushed the door open. Stepping inside she felt a feeling of something different in the air. It wasn't something she could put her finger on, but something was definitely amiss. Maybe she was just being paranoid, maybe nothing was wrong. Maybe her boyfriend forgot to lock the door. It had happened before but she still was going to err on the side of caution. As she slowly looked around the apartment, she noticed that things seemed out of place. Someone had moved things around on the shelf and on top of the television. A chill came over her and she backed out of the apartment. Someone had been in here! Maybe a burglar had come in or worse yet, maybe he was still in there! Amanda looked around and walking quickly down the hall, pounding loudly on the first door she came to.

The door opened slightly, being stopped by the chain that secured it. "What do you want?" a voice asked.

"I need some help. I think someone is or was in my boyfriend's apartment."

"What do you want me to do about it?" the man asked her.

"Come and help me check or at least call the police for me."

"I don't want to get involved," the man said as the door was pushed shut and she could hear the sound of the dead bolt being fastened in place.

"Asshole!" Amanda yelled, kicking the door as she heard it lock. She looked around her and walked down the hall to the apartment of the man she had seen earlier. He was a very large man, maybe he would help a damsel in distress. Knocking on his door she thought about how she had never even talked to this man but now was going to ask for his help. She felt guilty about that, but she hoped that he would understand that she needed help. After standing there for a minute with no answer she knocked again. She heard a rustling sound and the door opened slightly. "Can I help you miss," the man asked?

"Hi I'm Amanda, I saw you in the hall earlier. I think someone was in my boyfriend's apartment and I'm afraid that he may still be there."

Her heart sank as the man pushed the door shut but within a couple of seconds she could hear the chain rattling on the other side and soon he opened it again. "Come on in young lady," the smiling man said. He opened the door and although she couldn't help it, she knew that the look on her face must have given away her surprise as she looked at him. Not only was he tall and more attractive than she had remembered him, he had on a crisp blue uniform that she recognized as the uniform of the city police department. 

"Now what seems to be the problem Amanda?" he asked as he motioned her inside. He shut the door and she began to tell him about going into the apartment and finding things not quite like they should be and getting frightened, looking for someone to go inside the apartment with her. The man listened intently to her story, nodding occasionally and letting her rattle on. When she finished her story, he motioned for her to sit down. Amanda watched him as he walked over to the bar and picked up his holster strapping it on his hip. Her eyes watched him as he moved about the apartment. He was a tall, good-looking man with broad shoulders and hips. He was not heavy in any way, just a large man. She watched him as he walked across the room, taking in his features, especially the looks of his butt in those tight pants. He walked into the other room and returned with his nightstick. Amanda looked at him as he inserted the long black pole into his belt and thought about how it would feel if he were to take his long black pole that was probably dangling between his legs and stick it into her "holster" between her legs. She shook her head bringing herself back to reality, suddenly ashamed that she was thinking these kind of thoughts. The name on his shirt said "Jones". The officer walked over and turned the handle of the door. "Let's go have a look miss," he said as they headed out the door.

Amanda followed him closely as he walked down the hall. As they neared the apartment door, he held his hand up motioning for her to stop and he reached for his pistol, pulling it out of his holster. He cautiously walked over to the door, stood to the side and pushed it open. He listened for sounds and heard none so he moved his gun to the firing position and slowly walked inside. Amanda followed him, trying to stay as close to him as she could but trying her best to stay out of his way. The apartment was just a small studio suite so it didn't take long to see that no one was in the living area. They walked toward the bedroom and made their way by the bathroom and kept his gun at the firing position as they moved ever so cautiously. The officer walked to the bedroom door and with his left hand he slowly turned the knob. As the door opened, they heard the sound of someone in the room. The policeman motioned for her to stand aside as he made his way through the door. Amanda could see the look of tension on his face as he pushed the door open, cocking his pistol and dropping to his knees and yell, "Police!! FREEZE!!"

The sounds from the bedroom stopped and the silence was so thick that you could cut it with a knife. "Put you hands on top of your head," the officer commanded and he heard the unmistakable sound of his pistol being cocked. He stayed there for a minute and she could hear the intruder mumble something and then the officer said a little more forcefully this time, "I said hands ON TOP of the head asshole!" He got up from his crouching position and reached around behind him and fumbled for his handcuffs and entered the room cautiously. "Now lay down on the floor and keep those hands on your head," he commanded the thief. Amanda walked to the door and watched as the officer pulled his hand behind his back put the cuffs first on his right hand and then pulling his left hand behind him. He was a black man, about 6' tall and over 200 pounds. 

Feeling a sense of outrage for this intruder breaking into the apartment, Amanda began to curse him and moved toward him and thought about kicking the crap out of this guy but she knew that he would probably be able to sue her for assault. The officer took hold of the chain of the handcuffs and as he stood up he pulled the would be thief to his feet. "What's your name fella," he asked?

"Fuck you pig," he spat.

"Fuck you pig? Interesting name asshole," he said as he pulled a card out of his pocket. "Ok Fuck You Pig, I'm officer Jones and I want you to know that you are under arrest. You have the right to remain silent, you have the right..." he continued as he read him his Miranda rights. "What the fuck," she thought what about my "Amanda" rights not to have this scumbag bastard violate my property. What about my rights to kick the living shit out of a scumbag who desperately needs it. When he was done, he told her to go down town with him and fill out a report. "Shit," she said, thinking about how she was feeling from working all night. She was tired to the bone and she definitely didn't have time for this crap but knew that if she didn't fill one out, they would have to let him go. 

The young girl followed Officer Jones to his car. It was a very nice Crown Victoria and although it was a civilian car it had all the standard police gadgets in it like a radio and a siren and light mounted on the dash. She had never been inside a police car before and she was fascinated by all the things in here as well as fascinated by the man. The cop put the thief into the back, careful to push his head down as he pushed him into the seat. When he had secured his prisoner, he walked around and opened the door to let her in. Amanda smiled at the friendly policeman. Maybe she had been too judgmental in her first impression of the man. She got into the car and he pushed the door shut. Amanda watched his large frame as he walked around the front of the car. She noticed that not only were his shoulders broad but he had a very nice butt too. "What are you thinking girl," she asked herself? She cleared her mind and thought about the thief in the back. She turned around and said, "I hope you go to jail you stupid nig***" she said cutting her words off. That was such an ugly name but one she felt fit the man in the back. Officer Jones got into the car and backed it out of the parking lot. "Aren't you going to turn your sirens on or something," she asked. He just smiled at her and shook his head. Amanda decided that she had obviously asked a stupid question and sat back to enjoy the ride, closing her eyes to get a little rest.

The car pulled into the police station and she opened her eyes and got out of the car. Officer Jones walked around and opened the back door and took his prisoner by the arm and led him into the station. Amanda had never been inside a police station before. She followed them and he took him to a desk setting close to the entrance. "Breaking and entering, burglary and who knows what else," he told the man at the desk. “No name, no address. You’ll have your work cut out for you with this one,” he smiled at the man. 

He motioned for her to follow him and as his prisoner was being led away, she followed him into an office. It was just a little cubicle in the middle of a large room. She looked around and followed him to a desk. Sitting down, she watched intently as he walked to a file cabinet and took out some papers and then sat back down. "I need a name and address please miss," he said as he pulled out her paperwork. 

Amanda gave him her name and address. "Now, what exactly happened this morning," he asked her? She gave him the short version of what happened and how she entered the apartment and not realizing that it was unlocked and then felt like something was not right. He wrote all her information down. "I'll need a picture id too if you have one." Amanda sat her purse down on the desk and opened it. She dug around in her purse and pulled her wallet out of it. Something fell out of her purse and she reached down to get it and then she and Officer Jones realized what it was. It was a joint. Amanda quickly reached for the marijuana and as she touched it, he grabbed her wrist. She looked up at him and he pulled her hand toward him and pulled it open. "Well, what have we here Amanda?" he asked her, glowering his disapproval at her.

"Uh.... I don't know. I've never seen it before officer," she tried to convince him.

"I've heard that one before miss!" he said as he removed it from her hand. He reached over for the phone and pushed a button. "Will you come in here for a minute. I need a witness." He hung the phone up and sat there in silence as they waited. Amanda was shaking visibly, knowing that at this moment in time she was in deep shit. After what seemed like forever, she heard the door open and another police officer walked in. He was also a black man, not as tall but his build was as big as Officer Jones. "Look what fell out of little Amanda's purse." The man reached out his hand and took the joint from him. "This looks like a joint," the officer whose shirt had the name of Johnson on it. Officer Jones reached for her purse and Amanda tried to keep it away from him. "Look little girl, you're already in big shit so if you don't want to be in any deeper, give me the purse." Amanda handed the purse over to Officer Jones and he opened it up. He emptied the contents on the desk and dug around and found 2 more joints. "Looks like we have a little dope head here Johnson," he said as he held up his find.

Amanda was getting scared now. She was in the police station and knew that it would do her no good to run. "Where did you get this grass Amanda," he asked her?

"I don't remember sir," she said weakly.

"Don't remember? That's one I've heard too. Now tell me where you got this?"

"I said I don't remember officer!"

"Well maybe we can help you remember little girl." Officer Johnson took Amanda by the arm and pulled her up, hurting her arm slightly. "Shit!" she exclaimed as he pulled her toward the door. "Where are you taking me?"

"Just never mind Amanda, just come along quietly." Officer Johnson led her out the door and down the hallway to a room. She had seen a room like this before on those police shows and she knew that this was where they did their interrogation. They unlocked the door and pushed her into the room. Tears were starting to form in her eyes as she walked into the cold room with the steel table. "What are you going to do to me?" she asked, pleading for an answer. "Well, I'm not sure if there is enough pot for a felony drug charge, but I know that a misdemeanor carries a sentence of up to a year in jail. Not only that, you will have a drug conviction on your record that will keep you from getting any kind of a decent job for the rest of your life."

Amanda sat there and her tears left her eyes and began to flow down her cheek. "Fuck mister, I don't want to go to jail, it is just a couple of joints. Can't we forget the whole thing?"

"Well, maybe if you will tell me where you got this shit," he said forcefully. Amanda thought about her situation. She was maybe a lot of things but one thing she wasn't was a narc. "I can't," she said as if all the life was drained out of her. "Well, then it looks like we have no choice then. I guess we'll have to place you under arrest." Amanda shook her head wildly, not believing she had gotten herself into this situation. "Isn't there ANYTHING I can do sir," she asked once again, tears flowing like water. 

Officer Jones smiled a wicked little smile and winked at his partner. "Well, maybe we can fix it so you can do some community service and not have anything on your record." Officer Johnson smiled and nodded his head. Amanda sat there, thinking about her situation and thinking about having a record. "I'll do whatever it takes to stay out of jail sir," she told the men. 

"She is a pretty little girl you know Jones," as he reached over and wiped her tear from her cheek. "I don't think she'd make it in prison," do you? "No," Officer Jones said, "some old mean lezzie would probably make her their 'wife'." Both of them broke out in a burst of loud laughter. 

"Please let me go," Amanda pleaded with the officers. "I'll do whatever it takes, whatever kind of community service I have to do. Just please let me go!"

Officer Johnson put his hand on Amanda's cheek again and rubbed his large finger on her face. She attempted to moved away but he just moved with it. "Yes Jones, she is a pretty little girl," he said as his hand moved down her cheek and to her neck. Amanda sat there frozen in fear as his hand made it's way down her neck, stopping before it reached her chest. 

"Yeah Johnson, It would be a shame to throw her to the wolves." Officer Jones walked over and stood behind her. Amanda felt him touch the back of her head and begin to run his fingers through her long black hair. He stroked her hair and she felt a chill run up her back starting at the base of her spine and working it way up to where his hand was. His hand felt so soothing to her but she was in no way going to relax. She was a prisoner and at their mercy. What was she going to do now?
