 This starts the morning after Chapter 2.

~~~

Chapter 3: Life Twists and Turns

May 17 to June 4, 2015

I awoke lying on my back. I could hear birds chirping and feel the sunlight. It was a glorious morning! I recalled the previous night and all of the amorous activities I shared with Jo over the weekend, bringing a well-deserved smile to my face. These thoughts did nothing but strengthen my already straining morning wood, saluting the open air.

I rubbed and then opened my eyes, looking around to find the bed devoid of the little spitfire that shared it with me the night before.

Then I noticed the door was open.

Joanne was slowly closing it while staring at me... and not at my face!

Shit!

I quickly threw on the clothing from the previous two days and went to the bathroom. I then out into the main area, seeing Joanne sitting at the kitchen island. "Where are Jo and Jonas?" I asked.

"Out taking a walk. Sit," Joanne softly ordered me.

"I want to apologize for, ah, waking up... well, for the condition in which you saw me."

Did she smile just a little? "Forget that. What are your intentions with my daughter?"

"Forgive me Joanne, but didn't Jo already tell you about us?"

"She did, but I need to hear your side."

"Well, my intentions are to see where this leads."

"Meaning...?"

"Meaning Jo was just my roommate until a week ago. Her feelings toward me grew strongly while she lived with me, and mine..."

"Don't even try to tell me that you had none towards my daughter!" Joanne interrupted.

I shook my head. "I won't demean you by lying, I'd never do that. What I'm saying is that beyond the typical boy-girl attraction..." Joanne mumbled something. "What was that?"

She looked away and repeated herself a little more loudly. "I said you're no boy."

My face reddened from the... compliment? I cleared my throat. "Well, regardless, I denied anything further until Jo..." What? Became so forward that I'd have to be a eunuch not to respond? "...told me how strongly she felt for me."

"She seduced you?" a perceptive Joanne asked me with a mixture of feelings on her face that was hard to read.

"Yes."

"I don't believe you," Joanne said sitting back, looking away, and crossing her arms.

I'm not sure it was really my place to convince her, but I felt I had to try. But how? The only thing I could think of was to say, "She told me about her years after high school," Joanne glared at me, "and I accepted them for what they are: past."

Joanne studied my face for a moment, unsure of my true meaning. After a minute or two she relaxed. "So how do you feel toward my baby?"

I looked Joanne dead in the eye. "I don't know. I don't want to rush anything. She told me that she loves me, but I'm not there yet."

"And why aren't you there yet?"

"I don't want to repeat my own past mistakes by moving too quickly. Jo deserves better."

Joanne studied me a little more before nodding. "Fair enough. But I don't want my baby going through what I went through. I don't want her suffering the social stigma that I did."

I nodded. "We haven't seen any backlash yet. I'm not going to believe that even in the new millennium people are fundamentally more accepting than in the 90s. I tried to tell Jo it could get bad, but she didn't believe me." I said shaking my head and looking down. "I suggested to Jonas that the two of you talk to Jo about it." I paused hoping she was on board. "Mind if I take a walk when they get back?" I asked looking back up at her.

Joanne smiled a little. "Yes, please." She paused, thinking. "But what if we scare her enough that she doesn't want to continue your relationship?"

"Then I'd step aside. I only want her to be happy."

Joanne smiled even wider hearing this and nodded. She put her hands over my one that was on the kitchen island. "Thank you, Gary. I know I'm overprotective but she's my little girl, and just recently came back." She paused. "I am glad she found someone as nice as you."

"Thank you."

"Would you like some breakfast? Everyone else already ate," Joanne said getting up and walking toward the refrigerator.

"Sure, but I can make my own," I said starting to stand.

"I'm sure you can. How about eggs and bacon?"

I nodded, sitting back down. "That'd be nice, thanks."

Just after Joanne served me, Jo and Jonas walked back in. Jo gave me a hug and a kiss and stole one of my strips of bacon.

Joanne and Jonas moved aside and chatted a bit, waiting until I was almost finished before asking Jo to join them. Joanne nodded to me.

I quickly finished and said that I wanted to go for a walk. Since I didn't know my way around the woods or where the property lines were, I just walked down to the lake and went around the shore. It was fun to skip rocks across the lake again.

About an hour later Jo came outside and yelled out my name. We waved at each other as I started walking back. When I made it to the deck, Jo rushed up to me and gave me a kiss.

"Gary, it's been a pleasure getting to know you," Jonas said shaking my hand. "We're going to leave now to give you two some alone time. We'll come back tonight after you've gone."

"You don't need to do that," I said. "We'll probably head back soon anyway."

"We want to go into town, so stay as long as you want!" Joanne said. Joanne hugged her daughter and approached me to give me a hug. "Thank you, dear. You take good care of my baby," she said in my ear.

"I'll assist her in taking good care of herself," I likewise said in hers.

Joanne smiled. "Bye honey," she said to Jo.

Jonas shook my hand again, and with that they left and drove away.

"What did you say to Mom?"

"I just answered her questions about us."

"She really likes you now. It was almost as if she was daydreaming when she talked about you."

"Oh, that!" I said with a chuckle and a roll of my eyes. Jo shot me a quizzical stare. "You left the door to the bedroom wide open and your mom got a full body view, stout flagpole and all. She didn't seem to mind," I said shrugging.

"Whoops!" She giggled. "Well, maybe Dad will get really lucky tonight! But for now I want to get lucky!" She started pulling me toward the bed we shared the previous night.

I looked outside and saw the bright sunshine. "Wouldn't you rather go outside?"

Jo didn't change her trajectory. "It's too cool outside this morning for my taste," she said walking past the door.

I stopped when I was next to it, realizing her where her morning tastes really were. "Where do you think you're going?"

Jo turned with a wicked grin on her face and I was already shaking my head. "Aw, come on!"

"Some schoolgirl fantasies can wait."

"Fine," she pouted and walked toward me to push me into the second bedroom. We each stripped the meager clothing from the other and had a little last cabin fun... for a few hours. At least this time she could yell all she wanted!

We changed the sheets, picked up our things, and grabbed a bite. We were about to leave and I, unlike Jo, started dressing.

"What are you doing?" Jo asked.

I looked at the shirt in my hand and back at her, shaking my head at her obvious question. "Getting dressed."

"Why?"

"Well, when I walk outside naked, people throw garbage at me."

"Ha! No, I mean why don't we drive home naked?"

I walked up to her and kissed her. "I have a more novel idea. Why don't we try driving there with clothes on?"

Jo was disappointed but she dressed, and we headed for home.

When we hit the highway I brought up the conversation Jo had with her parents. Jo said they set her straight on what to expect, but she still didn't believe them completely. She did enjoy getting to know her parents a lot better in the meantime.

"So they didn't scare you out of the relationship? The thought of changing my diapers when you're still a viable woman doesn't scare you? Waiting for a doddering old fool while you feel like fast-walking a marathon isn't a turn off?" I half-expected a slap.

Jo laughed. "It doesn't scare Mom, so I've got a great teacher!"

"Well, I guess we'll see how you feel in 20 years."

Jo's astonished face snapped to look at me. "Is that a promise?"

"I... ah..." I glanced over and saw her smiling. "Knock that off!"

Jo giggled more, and then deftly changed the subject. "When will I finally meet your daughter? Maybe for her birthday?"

I figured it was about time that I came clean, since her birthday was less than a month away. "If she has time for me, sure," I said a little sadly slumping my shoulders.

"You don't get along?"

"We fought some and then she moved out. She wouldn't even tell me what it was about. I think she just wanted to be with her boyfriend and didn't know how to tell me. Since then she doesn't talk to me much." I shrugged.

"Were you close before that?"

"I thought so, yes. Moral of the story: keep your parents in your life. Especially after the bombshell we dropped on them this weekend."

"I can do that." She kissed me.

"Hey, what was the special thing you packed?"

"Something I now get to save for another trip!"

Jo didn't pay attention to the road now that I knew my way back. This freed her up to strip completely again, but she reclined her seat so as to not thrill too many passers by. Eventually my hand was dueling with her hand to give her pleasure. We skipped the dangerous actions on the driver this time.

I pulled into the garage and Jo jumped out of the car au naturel before I had a chance to close the door. Jeff was across the street doing some yard work and immediately stared into our garage. Jo just looked at him, smiled, and waved.

I started closing the door. Just before it shut, I could see Jeff drop what he was doing and run toward his house.

"You had to do that, didn't you?"

"You wouldn't let me show off on the ride home!" she teased me.

I had just put a hand on or meager bags to see Jo running up to me, ready to attack. I had to leave the things where they were.

One of her arms went around my head to draw me in while her other hand worked to quickly free me from my shorts. There was a rapidly growing impediment in the way, but it didn't slow her at all.

"Are you... ever... off?" I asked between lip smacks.

Jo jumped up to straddle my midsection, her legs expertly clasping around my backside. I had to quickly grab out around her rump to hold her.

Jo let my face go for a moment, breathing lustily into my face millimeters away. "Tomorrow I will be. But for now get that thing into me!"

I reached down under her and aimed true. She was ready for me, slightly off my body and ready to sink down. One stroke, the weight of her body impaling her on me!

I grabbed her ass again to help her rise and fall on me. Jo was quickly yelling out and I was getting tired. But her passion had my balls boiling in no time, filling up her snatch with a strained groan joining her screams.

We eventually made it inside and continued.

~~~

Jo was right. The next day indeed started her monthly off time. We were starting to fall into a pattern of sorts together and it was nice.

On Thursday, however, Jo called me at work to say that her car wouldn't start. She had to take the bus to work. I promised to pick her up so she wouldn't have to ride it back.

After work I went back home and asked Jeff from across the street to help me figure out what was wrong with her car. We poked this and prodded that and Jeff announced that it wasn't good. The oil and antifreeze were gone, and there was oil stuck to the sides of the antifreeze reservoir.

"I'm guessing that the head gasket's to blame, possibly a lot more," Jeff said.

"How bad is that?"

"Well, about 2 grand bad nowadays," Jeff said.

"Jo's gonna freak! I'm not sure she has that kind of money lying around to fix a car with 120,000 miles on it!"

"If she decides not to fix it I've got a number for a pick and pull place that'll pay her $300 for it."

"Yeah give it to me. I'm sure she'll be using it. Thanks for the help," I said shaking his hand.

"Hey, how's it going with the two of you?"

"It's going pretty well."

"That's it?"

I shook my head smiling. "I'm not going to kiss and tell."

"Well apparently show and tell isn't off the table for the two of you!" he said with a shit eating grin.

I laughed. "Did you enjoy the show on Sunday?"

Jeff laughed through his widening grin. "The wife didn't mind, that's for sure!"

"Well, glad it could benefit you!"

His face grew a little more serious after a moment. "Tell me one thing I couldn't figure out for myself, though." He leaned closer and lowered his voice. "Does the carrot grow underground?"

I had to laugh. That was something he was bound to figure out for himself soon enough anyway! "Yes. She's a carrot through and through."

Jeff's grin returned and he clapped me on the shoulder hard. "You're one lucky fucker!"

"You're telling me!"

I arrived at Jo's store at 8:30 and went in to wait for her. It wasn't busy and she bounded up to me, excited to see me and surprised I was brave enough to walk into a woman's clothing store alone.

She gave me a quick kiss. "I won't be done for another 45 minutes, you know."

"I know. I just wanted you to know I'll be out there when you're done," I said thumbing over my shoulder.

"Ok. As soon as I lock up the place we can leave," she said giving me another quick kiss.

At that moment another associate walked up to us. "Aren't you going to introduce us?"

Jo's face soured just a little. Paula didn't catch it. "Sure. Paula, meet Gary."

Paula was a two-punch knockout. Jo was a flick of a finger in the air knockout, but I might be biased!

Paula was tall and slender, about two inches taller than me in heels and weighed probably a buck 10 at most. She wore a very tight fitting grey dress that accentuated her large breasts and showed off most of her extremely fit legs. I tried not to stare, which was made easier by her platinum blonde hair. I was never all that fond of dye jobs; especially ones that made hair look as fake as hers.

"Nice to meet you, Paula."

"Likewise, Gary." She held out her hand as if she wanted me to kiss it. I looked at Jo and she shrugged so I played along. "Ooh, a gentleman. Good job, Jo!"

"Well, I'll be out there when you're done," I said quickly. "Ladies," I said with a bow and a sweep of my arm, turning toward the hall.

"He really is nice! You hit the jackpot!"

"Thanks. He's mine, remember!"

"I know, I know!"

From out in the hallway I saw it: Paula was checking Jo out. Then she'd look out at me, and when she saw me looking back waved. Paula's eyes were, however, mostly on Jo.

At 9:30 Jo and Paula finally came out. "Sorry, problem with the registers. All set! But..." She looked up at Paula and then back to me, "could Paula get a ride home? She rides the bus," Jo said.

I nodded. "If you ride it like that you're braver than most people," I said.

"That's what pepper spray is for!" Paula said smiling. "But actually, I need to go to my second job. I work at Euphoria. They called me in tonight."

"Rather late for a Thursday," I said.

"Someone called in sick and they're busy. Why don't you stay there for a while? They have a great band playing tonight: Puppets for Hire."

"You're kidding? I didn't know they were in town!" I said a little too loudly.

"You know that band?" Jo asked unbelievingly.

"Yeah. I've seen them a couple of times. They're really good!"

"Well then, I guess we're going out," Jo said to Paula.

"Spectacular!" Paula said.

"What time do you have to be there?" I asked.

"By 10:00. I couldn't make it on the bus."

"I guess not!" I responded.

We reached my car and piled in. Jo and Paula got into the back seat and I drove off. Then Paula surprised us both by undressing, leaving Jo no way to get away. I, of course, used the rear view.

Paula was wearing a half cup bra, unashamedly showing her nipples and quite a lot of breast. She also appeared to be naked below that. She lingered after removing her dress to talk to Jo about something. It was just an excuse.

Looking into the rear view I saw Paula lick her lips a little while staring into the mirror at me.

We approached the club and she finally pulled on her clothing. I stopped the car and Paula gave Jo a slightly lingering kiss before getting out in jeans and a bar t-shirt.

Jo looked toward the club while she was getting out and saw some of the people milling about. "Are we dressed ok?" Jo asked. She was overdressed from work in a stunning green dress, and I was in my slacks and dress shirt from work, minus the tie.

"You'll both look fine. Quite fine," she added with a little too much flourish. "Don't worry."

We walked into the club and right in behind Paula, skipping the cover charge. "Whatever you want it's on me," she said as she got behind the bar. We barked out our soda orders. "Nothing more festive?"

We both shook our heads. "Nope. We're both non-drinkers," Jo replied.

"Fair enough." She got the drinks. "Enjoy!"

We found a table and Jo got into the groove of the band.

"What the hell was that in the car?" I asked.

"Paula's becoming more direct about what she wants now that she's met you. Paula wants you," Jo said.

"With the way she was staring at you tonight and the kiss, I think it's you she wants the most."

Jo stared off into the crowd.

I got her attention again. "Did she use her tongue when she kissed you?"

"Um, yes."

"Dirty birdy! What was with her stripping in the back seat and staying that way?"

Jo stared unfocused again somewhere into the club. Her face tightened. "Did you enjoy the view?" The look on her face told me I should tread carefully.

"A naked woman in clear view? Yes. I'm a guy and I noticed." Jo was shocked by my admission. "She didn't hold a candle to you."

Jo smiled at that a little. "It was a bit surreal, wasn't it?"

"You can say that again!" I glanced at her and slowly asked, "Did you enjoy it?"

Jo blushed and looked away, putting the knuckle of her index finger against her teeth.

"I thought so," I said putting my hand on her back. "Was she wearing anything besides that almost bra?"

"No," Jo said looking away again.

We danced a little and had some fun. No one bothered Jo this time and I think she was happy and disappointed at the same time. I think she secretly missed the attention from her own club... some of it anyway. That's not to say that all eyes weren't on her again.

We decided to call it a night after an hour so that I could get some sleep for the next day. Paula seemed disappointed that we didn't stay. She surprised both of us by saying good night with a kiss and a hug.

"Paula's very... affectionate," I said walking away.

"She's a giant flirt! But she's a friend."

"Why Jo, have you developed friends away from home?"

"I believe so. It's nice, even if she does have an agenda."

We got into my car and started for home. Jo seemed worried about something and was looking out the window. She didn't seem herself.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Nothing," she said in an unconvincing tone.

"I don't believe you. Come on, open up." She looked at me and there were tears in her eyes. "Now I know there's something wrong. Please..."

She still didn't talk. Instead she started crying. I took her hand and held it, waiting.

"I'm afraid..." she started.

"Of?"

"I'm afraid you'll leave me for Paula. For someone else..." She let loose again with the tears.

I tried to take her hand but she moved it away. "Honey, please. That's not going to happen."

"How can you know that for sure? You're a man, she's a hot woman. That's what men do!" she said sobbing this time.

"Please look at me." She eventually did. "I'm monogamous by nature, not one to sleep around. Paula is an 8, maybe a 9. Well, let's call her a 7 at best with the off white hair." Jo chuckled a little. "You're a 15! Even without the red hair you'd still be a 12!"
