 I was sitting at my desk when the mailroom boy dropped off the day's mail for me.

"Just one item for you today, sir," he said. "A bit slow for a Friday."

I looked at the envelope. It was unmarked except for my name, and the contents felt thicker than simple paper. I slid it open. A note dropped out along with a hotel key card.

"Downtown Marriot, Room 417. 9:00"

I smiled to myself. It'd been almost a week since our last meeting. We'd now been together six times, and it was turning into a regular occurrence. I really looked forward to seeing her.

I finished out the day at work and had some dinner. Alice and I had only eaten together for a meal once. She didn't want to go out in public, because of her marriage, and I didn't blame her. Besides, it meant getting to the sex that much quicker.

I pulled up to the Marriot downtown and parked at around 9:00. Alice would appreciate the anticipation of waiting an extra few minutes. I made it up to the fourth floor around five after nine and made my way down the hall to Room 417. I slid the keycard into the door, entered the room and closed the door. I turned around to find Alice.

I was lucky that I didn't blow a load right at that moment. Alice was lying stretched out on the bed. She wore a schoolgirl costume: white blouse, black-and-white plaid skirt, knee socks and black shoes. Her hands were stretched out above her and a pair of handcuffs was locked around her wrists, linked around the headboard, securing her arms above her. She smiled at me sexily.

"I seem to have left the key out of my grasp," she said.

The key was sitting next to the television. An adult film was playing.

"I suppose you can turn the TV off now," she said. "Now that you're here, I don't think I need it anymore."

I flipped off the TV.

"Now, this is what detention is like," I said. "You must have been extra naughty."

She nodded.

"Just a little bit," she replied. "Come here."

I walked over to her, and she motioned with a head nod for me to bend down.

She whispered into my ear.

"I've been lying here like this for the past hour watching that porno. My panties are soaked and my pussy is ready for you."

I didn't want to leave her waiting too long. I undressed quickly and climbed on top of her on the bed. I unbuttoned her blouse, and she was topless underneath. The handcuffs wouldn't let me take the blouse off, so I left her lying on it, with it open, showing off her chest. I reached up her skirt and slid her panties off her waist. She'd been right. The front of them was soaked thoroughly.

"I'm only 18, Officer," she said seductively. "Are you really going to take me to jail?"

I shook my head.

"Not if you behave yourself, young lady."

I hiked up her skirt, and slid my rock hard dick into her tight wet pussy. Her screams of pleasure started immediately as I thrust myself against her hard, grabbing her breasts in my hand and kissing her neck with my open mouth, tasting her soft skin.

"Oh yes, OH YES," she cried, her arms involuntarily tugging against the handcuffs. "Oh YES, KEEP GOING. MORE!"

I thrust myself deeper, harder and her pleasure and her screams intensified, the bed banging against the wall, her screams no doubt able to be heard in the room next door.

"RIGHT THERE," she moaned. "FUCK ME LIKE THE SLUT I AM!"

I couldn't even speak. My breathing was deep and heavy as I bounced on top of her, my cock throbbing inside of her. Her arms pulled against the handcuffs once more, the metal of the cuffs clanging loudly against the old-fashioned metal headboard of the bed.

Her legs tightened around mine, holding me deep inside of her. I was throbbing and I could tell I was nearing finishing.

"MORE! OH YES! MORE! OH SHIT YES! MAKE ME CUM AGAIN! FUCK ME HARDER!"

She hadn't ever been this intense.

I pulled out and fired a stream of jizz across her stomach which flowed all the way up to her chest, dripping down and dampening her blouse which was still underneath her. Several smaller streams dripped out onto her body, some of it dripping across her pussy.

We were both breathing heavily. I lay myself on the bed next to her.

"I've always wanted to fuck handcuffed," she said.

"And?" I asked, hoping I'd made the experience a good one for her.

"I want to fuck handcuffed again."

She smiled at me.