 It was nearly 10 p.m. when Paul called. He was the night manager at the restaurant where I worked. He called me at home on a fairly regular basis so I didn't think much of it when I saw the caller I.D. He said he was looking for some logbook and wanted to know if I knew where it was. I told him to call his mom, the day manager, but he didn't want to wake her up. I said I didn't know where it was, but I knew which one he was talking about. He asked me to go up there and help look for it. I didn't have anything else to do, so I said yes. 

I knew there would be few, if any, customers at the restaurant so late and that most of the staff would have gone home for the night too. Paul and I had been flirting and teasing each other at every opportunity for over two years and I knew this was probably another attempt to get me alone. I didn't mind at all. 

Even though it was probably too cold to wear shorts I decided on hip hugging button-fly denim shorts that showed off my toned legs and ass. I wore a pale purple tee shirt that showed just a hint of my stomach. Paul told me once that he loved the way my tits moved beneath my shirt when I didn't wear a bra, so I left it off. Being a size 36D I usually wore one, but they were firm enough I didn't always have to. Leaving my long dark hair down, I slipped on my shoes and headed out the door.

When I got to the restaurant most of the staff was already gone. The only customer was Steve, who was finishing up his coffee. Saying hi to Steve on my way through the building, I went to the office to find Paul locking the office door.

"Hey sexy," I said. 

"Hey girl. Damn, you wore those shorts I like. You do that just for me?" he said with a little smile that always made my heart beat just a bit faster. 

I laughed; it was a typical comment from him. He often remarked that I looked great in everything I wore and that I must do it just for him. 

"I thought we were going to find that log book," I said.

"We are, but first..."

He took a long step forward and wrapped his arm around my waist. He put his forehead against mine and looked down at me. It was something he did often, but this time was a little different. He usually put his hands lightly on my hips when we stood like that. The way he was looking at me it was clear what he was thinking. 

"Paul?"

"Yeah."

"Did you call me to look for the book or for another reason?"

He let go of me and stepped back. "Hmm. That's worth thinking about isn't it? Let's go outside with Becky and smoke."

I followed him as walked through the restaurant looking for Becky. She was a cute little brunette who waited tables on nights and weekends. She was also his girlfriend. We found her outside with Steve. They were sitting at a metal picnic table in the little covered smoking area. Paul sat down on the bench beside Becky and scooted over close to her, so I sat beside Steve. The four of us sat there talking until Becky finished her cigarette and said she was going back inside to finish her work and go home. 

Paul moved over to where she had been sitting and told me to sit beside him where it was warm. I moved over beside him and put my left foot up on my right knee. We were sitting so close that my knee was over his thigh. We sat there talking to Steve, Paul stroking my leg from the edge of my shorts down to my knee and back again. His touch was soft and relaxing. My skin tingled with warmth everywhere he touched. When Steve was finished smoking he just looked at us and smiled before walking off into the dark parking lot. Paul pulled me into his lap as soon as Steve drove away. I leaned my head on his shoulder and enjoyed the sensation of his warm fingers gliding over my skin from calf to upper thigh. I snuggled closer when he nuzzled against my neck, his warm breath like a lover's caress over my skin. 

I lifted my head from his shoulder and he put his forehead against mine. He tilted my mouth up to his with a finger under my chin. As his lips barely brushed against mine we heard the back door of the restaurant squeak open. Sighing I slipped off his lap and he moved to the end of the bench.

It was the dishwasher taking the trash out, but the moment had been lost. It seemed we were always being interrupted by someone with poor timing.

Standing up, he reached for my hand and asked if I was ready to go look for the logbook. 

Back in the office I took a piece of candy from the dish on the edge of the desk and popped into my mouth. Paul was sitting at his desk looking through the drawers and I leaned across him to look through a pile of stuff in the letter rack on the other side of the desk. He ran his hand across my neck, pushing my waist length hair back over my shoulder. The simple way he touched me was seductive, charming. 

I straightened up and looked down at him. 

"Isn't Becky still here?" I asked.

"I'll hear her if she comes this way," he said. "She jingles when she walks. Funny huh? She jingles and you jiggle." 

We both looked down at my tits. 

When I didn't say anything, he gave me that little grin I loved so much. It seemed like slow motion as he stood up and reached towards me. His fingers were cool against my skin as they slid up under my shirt. Massaging my tits he leaned down to kiss me and I turned my head to the side. Not discouraged he kissed my neck. I put my hands against his chest and tried to push him away.

"Stop Paul," I whispered. 

Even to my ears it didn't sound convincing. It sounded like a plea for him to never stop. 

"Why?" was all he said as he bit my neck then soothed the sting with his tongue. 

I couldn't think of a reason to stop. I couldn't think at all. His touch always emptied my mind. I didn't turn away this time when he moved to kiss me. 

A nearly desperate wanting filled my body. I almost said it aloud, said how much I wanted him. Instead I leaned against him, silently begging for more of his touch. 

"Whoa! Didn't mean to interrupt," the cook said as he walked into the office. 

Startled, I tried to pull away, but Paul held me tight to him with an arm around my waist. Seeing it was just the cook, I laid my head on Paul's chest. The cook had seen us together a few times before and always kept quiet about it, so I wasn't worried.

When the cook looked at me with a raised eyebrow I knew that he wanted to talk to Paul alone. 

"Did you look on Mr. Howe's desk?" I asked, stepping away from Paul.

"No. I don't like to go through his stuff," he said as he walked out of the office with the cook. 

Mr. Howe was the owner and very picky about who touched the things on his desk. His desk was pushed up against the manager's desk so that they faced each other. Often stuff that was supposed to be on the manager's desk got pushed across to Mr. Howe's. He had the bad habit of not returning things that got pushed across. 

I sat down at Mr. Howe's desk. When Paul was done in the hallway with the cook he came back into the office and started looking through the filing cabinets. I searched through the stacks of papers on top of the desk but didn't find the logbook. I turned the chair to the left, towards Paul, and pulled the bottom drawer open. I saw Paul out of the corner of my eye as he closed the filing cabinet and walked over to me. Trying to ignore him I bent forward and started doing through the files in the drawer. Before I realized what he was doing, he pushed me back in the big plush desk chair. His hands were on my shoulders and he bit my nipple through my shirt. I arched my back, lifting my tits up to him. When I moaned he put a hand between my parted legs. Closing my eyes, I relaxed in the chair, letting him do whatever he chose. 

Suddenly he pulled away from me and when I reached for him he quietly said, "Becky's coming," and went back to the filing cabinet.

"I hate her sometimes. I really do," I whispered as she walked in. 

I turned the chair towards the other side of the desk so she couldn't see my face or the wet spot on my shirt where his mouth had been. I knew if she saw my face she would know something had happened.

Trying my best to ignore them talking I kept looking for the elusive logbook. I couldn't find it anywhere on Mr. Howe's desk. I glanced down at my shirt to make sure the wet spot wasn't noticeable before I went around to Paul's desk. I sat down in his chair and heard Becky say bye before she walked out without saying anything to me. When she walked by me I noticed he was right; she jingled when she walked. It was the tip money in her pockets. 

He walked up behind me as I yanked drawers open and dug through them. I was annoyed with all the interruptions. I was also annoyed with how much I wanted him. I hadn't felt this way before and it bothered me.

"Get out of my chair."

"No."

"I mean it, get up."

"Shut up. I'm looking for the fucking book you seemed to need so badly."

"If you don't get up right this second, I'm going to make you pay." 

I looked up over my shoulder at him and saw that he'd shut the office door. I hated when he shut the door. It gave us entirely too much privacy, allowing him to torment me with soft kisses and gentle hands. I ignored him and opened the next drawer. Still standing behind the chair he leaned down and whispered in my ear. 

"Get up or I'm going to bend you over the desk and fuck you until you forget your own name."

I practically jumped up and ran to the door. He laughed at me as I leaned with one shoulder against the door. The way he looked at me I got goose bumps down to my toes. This was not the game we usually played. This was not playful teasing meant only to excite and tempt. It seemed he had decided it was time for the game to come to an end.

"Stop looking at me like that," I sounded irritated. 

"Like what?" he asked with a wicked grin. 

"You know exactly what I mean."

"Why don't you come back over here?"

"Make me," I said defiantly, crossing my arms over my chest. 

"Okay."

He walked to me, twisted his fist in my long hair and yanked, tilting my head up. His kiss was rough and demanding. His teeth scraped down my throat as he snapped the deadbolt closed on the door. 

Somewhere in the back of my mind I I knew I should make him open the door and let me walk out. I couldn't make myself do it though. He'd wielded some power over me for years and honestly I was tired of fighting against it. 

He swiftly lifted me off my feet and carried me to the desk, setting me on top of it. Looking up at him I kicked off my shoes and spread my legs. He stepped between my knees and pulled my shirt off. I leaned backwards on the desk, propped up on my elbows. When his mouth closed over my tit I bit my lip to keep from moaning. His mouth kept sending chills through my body while he undid my shorts. I lifted my hips so he could pull them off. 

He stood looking down at me and I watched as his gaze traveled over every inch of my silky flesh. The look in his eyes was pure lust. I shivered once, not sure if it was the cold air or the anticipation screaming through my body. 

He sat down in the desk chair and rolled it close to the desk. His hands were on my knees as he started kissing up my thigh. I couldn't control the shiver that speared through my body when his tongue slipped inside my soaking wet pussy. He licked up to my clit and back down. Rubbing slow circles on my clit with his thumb he softly bit at my pussy lips before plunging his tongue inside me again. I was desperately trying to be quiet but couldn't stop my pleadings for more. Giving in to my demands he pushed two fingers inside my cunt and scraped his teeth over my clit finally letting me cum.

Sighing he sat back in the chair and looked at me. I could feel my cum dripping on to the desk as I lay there with my legs spread. While I'd been pleased, I was nowhere near satisfied. I sat up and grabbed the front of his shirt, pulling him closer. I unbuttoned his shirt and tugged it off. My fingers were shaking and I fumbled trying to undo his belt. He pushed my hands aside and finished undressing. Standing naked before me I finally got to see the body that I longed to have on top of me. I wanted him to fuck me until his strength was gone or I couldn't take it anymore; either option would make me very happy. 

I wrapped my hand around his cock and stroked him until he was rock hard. He leaned down and kissed me before shoving everything behind me across to Mr. Howe's desk. I lay back across the desk and looked up at him. His hands gripped my hips and I gasped as he eased his cock into me. The way he filled me so slowly was torture. When he had sunk his dick deep inside me he stopped and looked down.

"Oh Paul, please," I whispered.

I felt his cock slide out of my pussy, leaving me empty and aching before suddenly plunging back into me. I arched my back when his hands stroked up my sides to my tits. My body quivered beneath his touch and I screamed his name the first time I came with dick buried in me.

I grabbed his arms and pulled myself up. Wrapping my arms around his neck I kissed him roughly. I whimpered when he pulled away, sliding out of my pussy.

He fell back into the chair and raised an eyebrow at me. I quickly got off the desk and straddle him. I slid down, impaling myself on his hard cock. I rode him at a furious pace. The more I came the more I wanted. 

The chair was on wheels and had rolled back until it hit the bookshelf behind the desk. Each time I slammed down and he thrust deep inside me the chair banged against the shelves. When a small box tumbled down, missing us by inches he put his hands under my ass and stood up. He kissed me, a deep kiss that only fueled my need for more. He lifted me up higher until his cock slipped out of my pussy and then slowly lowered me until my feet touched the floor. He turned me around and pushed the back of my head, bending me forward over the desk. He kissed up my back to my neck as I lay with my tits pressed against the cold hard desktop.

"You want it?" he whispered in my ear.

"Yes! Now!"

I felt his hands on my ass seconds before his still rock hard cock slammed into my pussy. He fucked me deep and fast, pushing me up onto the desk until my feet couldn't reach the floor anymore. I hooked my feet behind his ankles so I could gain leverage to move beneath him. He trailed biting, stinging kisses across my shoulders. Moving my hips I pushed against him, needing to take every inch of his dick into my aching pussy. Tears filled my eyes as I came over and over.

His fingers massaged up my spine and tangled in my hair. He yanked my head back and whispered in my ear how he'd waited far too long to fuck me. I could only moan and take the punishment he was giving me. Still pulling my hair I felt his other hand in the center of my back, pinning me to the desk. He rammed into me hard enough to move both of the desks and shot his cum deep inside my cunt.

Releasing his hold on my hair, I lay with my cheek against the cold desktop and whimpered as he pulled out of me just as slowly as he had first pushed into me. He rolled me over and scooped me up in his arms, sitting down in the chair with me on his lap. I was content in his arms, snuggling against his chest, listening to his heartbeat. With one finger beneath my chin, he tipped my face up to his. He kissed the tears on my cheeks and then put his forehead against mine. The way he looked at me was comforting. As I moved to kiss him his cell phone rang. Someone had called earlier but he hadn't stopped to answer it. It was on a shelf behind us so I handed it to him. Seeing it was Becky he told me he had to answer it, but to be very quiet. 

I could hear her asking if he'd left work yet. He told her no, he had to count down and finish paperwork, but he'd try to hurry. I also heard her ask if I'd left. He winked at me when he told her I'd left 30 minutes ago.

He hung up and I eased off of his lap. I sat in Mr. Howe's chair, folded my arms on the desk and lay my head down while he counted the money. We talked while he finished the paperwork and then got dressed. 

We walked outside together. I got in my truck and was about to drive away when he stopped me. I rolled the window down.

"Mom is going to be mad. I never did find that log book," he said.

"Tell her I distracted you. She'll forgive you then."

He laughed and kissed me, a sweet tender kiss. I watched him get into his car before I drove away; going home to get some much needed rest.