 It was already becoming dark by the time he picked her up. As they drove home, he noticed something, a sense of quiet about her. He couldn't quite place it, but something was definitely up. At home, as he dropped his keys and wallet onto the dresser, he felt her hands slide around his waist. His belt suddenly loosened. The hands struggled at the button on his pants, and he smiled at her awkwardness. Something was definitely up.

Turning, she was smiling coyly back at him and they kissed. Her lips were soft and sweet. His hand found the back of her head, and they stood there, locked together. His pants fell. She had figured out the button, after all.

Pulling away, looking into his eyes, she traced her hands down his chest and stomach as she knelt. He was already excited and she chuckled. She ran her nails down his hips and thighs. He exhaled deeply. His skin prickled and he shuddered lightly. She began to kiss him quietly, first his thighs, then below his belly. He swelled, inches from her soft, sweet lips. She exhaled over him, licking long, slow lines all around him. He grew firmer, his member arching, thick and swollen.

She kissed him loudly, the only sound aside from his breathing. His hands reached for her, but she ignored them. Her tongue lapped out at his underside just below the head, finding that one spot she just knew drove him crazy. His mouth opened, his breath held for that single, long moment. Softly, at first, then harder, she sucked at the at that sweet spot. His thigh muscles began to twitch, his throbbing length bouncing and flexing with each pulse of her breath. Soon, he found her reaching up, taking his shaft in her fingers. Holding him down against her wet lips.

"Ahhhhhh..." a long sigh accidently escaped him. She smiled, giggling. God, he loved that smile.

"What now?" she toyed, massaging him lightly with her hand.

"Please," he pleaded.

"Because you asked nicely," she said, and took him into her mouth.

He felt himself swell at the pleasure. His muscles spasmed again, vibrating against her wet mouth. He had no idea how she did it. Slowly, she worked herself back out, pausing to lap at that one spot again with her tongue just before he slid out of her completely.

He knew he wasn't going to last long at this rate. "You're so good at that, baby. You know that?"

She smiled again. God, that smile.

Without blinking, her hand glided up his length, squeezing at the tip, and back down again making long, slow strokes of his manhood. Following her hand, she took him in again, this time holding him deep and rocking her head lightly. Her opposite hand came up -- found him -- massaging his balls. He felt his muscles tense, growing tighter with each bob. He was so close now. Worried, he suddenly tried for her attention.

"What about... You know?" his eyebrows arched, quizzically.

Briefly acknowledging him with a seductive moan, her eyes moved back down to him without pause,. She increased her pace, her hand now working along with her lips and mouth . "Umm... Okay," he groaned, so close now. He guessed he had his answer.

He'd always felt self-conscious about his seed. He was sure it couldn't be much of a pleasant taste, but he knew she would hungrily swallow every drop of him just like she did every time.

Gazing into her deep brown eyes, he knew he loved her unconditionally. Maybe there was -- he wondered -- some part of her deep down inside that wanted to taste him; maybe she even enjoyed the feeling of him spurting thick ropes of cream into her mouth, knowing she was in absolute control of his pleasure.

With the tension building, his thoughts clouded all this out, though. She felt the stirrings of his impending orgasm as his balls tightened in her other hand. Just as he neared that final peak, she took a deep breath and plunged down onto him, taking his entire length back into her mouth and throat. He let out a last, deep, long sigh and exploded into her.

She moaned softly, sending vibrations down his shaft, into his pelvis. His member pulsed uncontrollably, her lips imprisoning his pleasure. He flowed into her, filling her as she slid him back out to his crown, then slowly back in again. Her hand squeezed his balls tightly, and he gave one last, weak spurt.

Slowly, she let him slide out, her eyes locked on his. Swallowing, her hands glided up his body. She began to place cute, squeaky kisses all over his shaft and head. Sighing, he dragged his nails up and down her now outstretched arms, needing to feel her body. Giggling, she took him back into her hand, making long, slow squeezing motions. One tiny, final bead of his pleasure squeezed out and smiling, she seductively lapped it off him. He felt as if she'd milked every last drop completely out of him, if that was physically possible. Seeing her lick her lips at him playfully, he decided that if anyone could do it, she could. 

"You taste so good, baby," she groaned, her voice husky and sensual.

This made him smile uncontrollably. It was like she could read his thoughts. God, she was so perfect. He was so painfully in love he couldn't resist anymore. He pulled her off the floor, holding her close. He kissed her wet lips deeply, wanting -- needing her to know that he appreciated her. The thought of his taste in her mouth didn't bother him in the least. His tongue flicked out at hers. His member hung between them, twitching lightly.

"What a surprise you had for me, sweetheart," he whispered into her lips playfully, thinking of a surprise of his own. "My turn."