 While we lived in Alaska, I was deeply involved in the local commercial salmon fisheries, and as the years went by spent more and more time away from the homestead. The nearest town, Ugashik, accessible by plane or boat in the summer and plane or dog sled in the winter, was nearly 150 miles away. Invariably, that meant a night or two in the local hotel.

As you might expect, Ugashik was the end of the road for a motley and very colorful set of characters. The town's population at that time was around 260 people, yet it supported five bars. One of those bars was owned by a former prostitute. Patsy wasn't shy about discussing her former trade, and was often heard to say that she recognized many of the more prominent men in the Territory only when they had their pants off, but she never forgot a cock.

One old timer, Bill Weiner had an Eskimo woman living with him. I saw Peggy only a few times, mostly in Bill's cabin, but once under my bed. 

I had been involved in a prolonged negotiation on behalf of the local fishermen with the cannery owners and operators regarding the ensuing summer's fish prices. After supper and a few drinks with the boys, I trudged upstairs and turned in.

As I lay in bed reviewing the day's events, I heard a strange rustling sound. Finding a small animal in one of Bob Bartlett's six hotel rooms was unusual, but not unheard of, so I put it out of my mind and was just drifting off to sleep when I heard someone sneeze.

What the hell??

I jumped out of bed and turned on the light. There was no one in the room, so I looked under the bed. There was Peggy.

"Come out of there! What the hell are you doing under my bed?"

Peggy crawled out from under the bed and looked up at me. Oh, boy! Bill had given her a licking. Her black hair was matted and covered with dust balls froom under the bed. She had a swollen lip and a black eye, and obviously had been crying. Her clothes, a nondescript sweatshirt and a pair of dungarees, were as dirty as if she had been rolling around in the dirt road, which was also possible.

She looked at me, with pleading in her black, shiny eyes. "Bill, he kick me out," she said in a soft voice. "I got no place to go so I hide here."

"Why did he kick you out?"

"He t'ink I fuck Ronnie Olsen," she whispered.

"Did you?"

Before she looked down, I thought I caught a glimpse of a little smile. "Yes." she murmured. "Bill, he old man. Ronnie, he young man. Young man better fuck than old man."

Well, that made sense. I gave her the towel that came with the room and a bar of soap from my gear, and sent her to the bathroom at the end of the hall to get cleaned up. Then I lay back on the bed.

Fifteen minutes later, the door slowly opened, and a shy Peggy slipped inside the room. She was carrying her dungarees and wearing only her filthy sweatshirt. Peggy was a changed woman. She had combed her hair back behind her ears with her fingers, and it was still damp. Her golden skin was bright in the room's light, and despite the purple bruise surrounding her left eye, the Asiatic slant of her black eyes gave her an exotic appearance.

I had no idea how old Peggy was. I knew she had been living with Bill for at least five years, and Eskimo women usually age rapidly, but her face bore no hint of the wrinkles middle aged Eskimo women usually develop, so I guessed she might still be in her twenties, possibly early thirties.

She stood, looking down at me for a moment as if trying to make up her mind. Then, as innocently as a child asking for candy, she said, "You want fuck fuck?"

When I hesitated, as if to close the deal she lifted her sweatshirt over her head. I hadn't paid attention to her bare legs when she returned to the room, but now that I saw her naked body, I was mildly surprised. Eskimos tend, on the whole, to resemble their Asiatic forebearers. Both men and women are usually short and squat, with short, heavy bow legs and thick bodies.

Peggy's features were pure Eskimo; round face, slant eyes and tiny nose, but her body was Caucasian. Obviously, there was a tall Swede somewhere in her background. She was much too thin to be appealing to most Eskimos. Her legs were slender and lithe. A thick mat of hair covered her pussy. I was surprised that there were no stretch marks marring her taut belly.

Most Eskimo girls become pregnant in their early teens, and I'm sure Peggy was no exception. Her breasts were small, but slightly pendulous as if she had nursed at least one baby. I wanted to think her dark engorged nipples were betraying her arousal, but common sense suggested it was only the chill in the room.

Throwing the covers back, I generously invited her into my narrow bed. I'll swear her eyes lit up when she saw my stiffening cock, as she flowed into my welcoming arms. At first, Peggy's cold skin reversed the process, and my cock shrank almost immediately. However, it quickly revived as Peggy's soft skin warmed and she rubbed her belly against it. Then she rolled away from me and opened her legs. "Fuck fuck now?"

I was surprised. Either Peggy was in constant heat or, more likely, knew nothing about foreplay. "Not yet," I said as I gathered her again in my arms. Peggy turned her head away when I tried to kiss her. Apparently her mouth was too tender, or perhaps she had an aversion to kissing. I contented myself with kissing and licking that secret place in a woman's neck just beneath her ear. She tasted like soap. At the same time, I began teasing and twisting her far nipple, then ducking under the covers, sucking her near nipple into my mouth.

I felt rather than heard her sharp intake of breath, and I felt her hand against the back of my head pressing me tighter into her breast. Taking the hint, I sucked as much of her breast into my mouth as possible, massaging her engorged nipple with my tongue as I hummed and swallowed.

While I was ministering to her breast, my other hand traced a faint trail by softly dragging my fingernails down her ribs and across that ticklish hollow where her hip and pelvic bone join, and on across her belly and down into her springy thicket of black pubic hair.

Her legs opened immediately and I felt my way to her labia. Her lips were already moist, so I gently inserted one, then two fingers, and began to finger-fuck her. I spread my fingers and my thumb so every time my fingers penetrated her cunt, my thumb brushed her clitoris. Meanwhile, Peggy was frantically jacking my cock and restlessly moving her legs.

Then she abandoned my cock and attempted to pull me over on top of her. Praying that she hadn't picked something nasty up from her other lovers, I felt her hand guide my cock into her labia. I slowly pressed forward, enjoying the slick feel of a new cunt. Peggy lifted her pelvis, trying to hasten our coupling.

Perversely, I held back because I was thoroughly enjoying the eagerly writhing body beneath me. "Fuck fuck, Denny. Please?"

With that, I slammed my body forward, driving my cock as deep into her belly as it would go. Then I rested a moment, enjoying the feel of her fluttering pussy. My ardor had diminished considerably when I thought of the possibility of contracting something nasty from her, but as she raked my back with her fingernails and moved her hips beneath me, that awful specter faded from my consciousness, and I settled down to give that girl the fuck of her life. At least I tried to.

Kathy had coached me well, and the momentary pause as I had reflected on the possibility of catching something nasty from this woman, caused my system to rewind, so I found, to our mutual delight, that I had tremendous staying power. 

Kathy had taught me to maximize her pleasure by fucking first one side of her cunt, then the other; to ride her high, so I was in almost constant contact with her clit, and to vary the tempo and penetration of my strokes.

We didn't know about "G-spots" in those days, but Kathy, at least, seemed particularly to enjoy a series of short rapid strokes which caused the ridge behind the head of my cock to come into almost constant contact with her inner labia, followed by a series of deep thrusts, then a pause, with me buried in her up to my balls.

This seemed new to Peggy. I expect that from the first time in her adolescence when some male in her village first dumped a load into her cunt, to her present status as Bill's woman, that very few men had bothered to consider her anything more than a handy sperm receptical.

Instead of lying passively beneath me, Peggy responded to my style of fucking first by frantically trying to capture more of my cock in her cunt when I was giving her the short strokes. Her timing wasn't very good, and several times she inadvertently zigged when I zagged, causing me to fall out of her. I don't think I ever had more trouble keeping my cock buried in a woman than I did with Peg.

The fancier I got with her, the wilder she became. She was soon bucking under me like a wild mustang. It was getting so hard to keep my cock in her that I finally rolled her over and holding firmly to her narrow hips, I tried fucking her doggy style, but that didn't last long. She quickly flopped on her belly and squirmed over on her back again. She quickly spread her legs, and raising her knees, again guided my cock into her steaming cunt.

I'm happy to report that she came at least twice. The first time, she gripped me so tightly with her arms and legs that it was difficult to breathe. I was watching her face and saw her eyes close and her mouth tighten in a rictus grin as successive shudders shook her little body. 

She seemed puzzled when, at last, she came out of her trance. Then she did something I've experienced only rarely. Keeping her arms tightly wrapped around my torso, she began fucking me by holding me tight while I was buried in her, and rubbing her pussy up and down, hard against my pelvis.

She soon began to tremble, and I felt her stomach muscles undulate as she came a second time. This time, I couldn't help it. I was so terribly stimulated by her aggressive behavior, that almost before I knew what was happening, my cum was squirting into her belly. The last thing I remember was lying in bed, my arms wrapped around Peggy, warming myself against her incredibly hot body by holding her close, and then feeling her kiss my cheek.

When I woke, winter daylight was filtering through the dirty window in my room. I lay quietly for a moment trying to determine if last night's activity had been only an unusually graphic wet dream or if I had really had company. I still wasn't sure until I sat up and saw the wet towel and bar of soap piled in the chair where Peggy had dropped them.