 "Hi Dylan." I gave him a friendly smile and continued checking his groceries.

"Hey Jesse, how are you?" He said, smoothing his scruffy black bangs out of his eyes.

"I'm doing fine. I have a calculus test and a philosophy essay due this week." 

"College kicking your ass, huh?" He gave me a mischievous smile and winked at me. His eyes are green with gold flecks and are covered by long dark lashes. They go well with his crooked smile and dimples. His hair is always in disarray, falling across his eyes.

"Nothing a bit of knocking my head against the wall won't cure," I replied. He laughed.

"Be careful with those brains. I wouldn't want them to go to waste." He grabbed his bags and headed toward the door. He turned back and waved, and was gone. 

I had known my older brother Jamie's best friend for years. They had met in 6th grade and had been getting in trouble together for almost as long. Jamie and Dylan had both bailed me out of trouble a few times too, most recently in high school, with a prank involving the boys' locker room and a whole hell of a lot of spiders. I still smile every time I think about it. They'd convinced the principle that one of the janitors had ruined their science project and freed their spiders. To this day, Mr. Whitman thinks that spiders mate at the speed of light if you don't watch 'em.

Dylan had been coming in a couple of times a week for the two months I'd worked at the Bag n' Save. I was trying to pay for college as best I could and had needed the job. Jamie had gone away to college after winning a softball scholarship but Dylan and I were stuck at the local state college which was cheaper by far.

The next evening I was walking back to my dorm worrying about the load of work I had when I felt someone's hands on my waist. I whipped around and relaxed when I saw it was only Dylan. "Jeez, you scared the pants off me!" I said.

He laughed and patted my head. "You scare too easily," he said.

"Foo, you try being a helpless woman walking alone at night."

He gave me a skeptical look. "You? Helpless? I highly doubt that. Anyway, you know I'll always protect you." He put his arm around my shoulder and squeezed. I suddenly realized how tall he is. About 5'10 to my 5"4. He's lanky with a narrow waist and slightly wider torso.

"You? Protect me? I highly doubt that," I echoed back at him. "I could take you," I said and shrugged off his arm. 

"I'm not even going to answer that," he said and rolled his eyes exaggeratedly.

I opened the door to my building. "If you'll excuse me, some of us have work to do." I gave him an unconvincing saintly look and turned to go in. 

"Are you going to the Delta Phi party on Friday night?" he called after me.

"If I have time, maybe," I called back and slipped inside.

My roommate Amy was looking out the window at his retreating figure as I came in. "That guy's always hanging around. You two have something going on?" She asked suspiciously.

I laughed at her raised eyebrows. "That's my brother's friend. He watches out for me."

"Yeah, and your ass as you walk away."

I swatted her shoulder. "What are you going on about? You think every girl gets as much attention as you do?" Amy is 5"7, blonde, and thin with big boobs. I have long brown curly hair with reddish highlights when the sun hits it. I generally wear it up in a bun because I can't be bothered to deal with it. I have a more modestly sized chest and a slightly more padded ass than Amy.

I thought about the upcoming frat party. I'm usually not much of a partygoer but I'd been working really hard lately and figured I needed a break. Oh what the hell, I said to myself. I'll go.

That following Friday, Amy decided I would be her personal project. She gave me a short red dress with a neckline just grazing the top of my breasts. She applied some eyeliner and mascara and ordered me to wear my hair down.

"Oh Jesse, you look great!" She gushed.

I looked at myself in the mirror. "Yeah, I guess." She rolled her eyes at me.

"Dylan is going to have a heart attack when he sees you," she said.

"Right, and I'm the Grim Reaper. Excuse me while I look for my scythe and black cape," I retorted as I walked out the door.

I made my way to the party, dodging already tipsy students. I entered through the front door with difficulty. A girl was yelling at her boyfriend about some girl named Tracy and was waving her arms wildly around almost hitting me in the stomach. Suddenly her leg jerked out and knocked my knee out from under me.

"Oof," I exclaimed as I was suddenly caught by a pair of strong arms. "Thanks," I said, and looked up. It was Dylan.

"My pleasure." He gave me an appraising look. "You look good, Jesse."

"Thanks" I said, straightening up. "So do you." He was wearing a light blue and green striped button down shirt and tight black jeans. "I don't ever think I've seen you looking so snazzy." I nodded approvingly. "I'm going to go mingle and maybe dance a bit," I said, swaying my hips back and forth to the music. I thought about what Amy had said and looked back as I walked away. Sure enough, he was staring at my ass. He caught my eye and smiled sheepishly while turning a bit red. I rolled my eyes and went to get a drink.

I walked around, chatting with people as I went. However, trouble started as I was walking down the hall to the bathroom, and a big blonde frat boy pinched my ass as I walked by him. I spun around, appalled. "What the hell was that?" I demanded. 

"There's an extra room upstairs if you wanna have some fun," he said while leering at me. He smelled like beer and his face was flushed.

I was disgusted. As if I'd ever go upstairs with him, even if he asked nicely. I threw my drink in his face and yelled "Shove it up your ass, you cretin!"

He reacted more swiftly than I would have imagined and gave me a heavy, back-handed slap across the face. I stumbled back, shocked. By this time we had attracted a small crowd. Out of the crowd at my back, came Dylan with his fist already pulled back and swung it forcefully at the frat boy's face. Seconds later I saw blood dripping down the frat boy's astonished face and blood spatters on Dylan's shirt. Dylan grabbed my arm and quickly pulled me out of there before the frat boy recovered or one of his friends came around looking to continue the fight. He led me around campus, around the dining hall and the auditorium, to his room and gently pushed me onto his bed. 

He looked at my face closely, carefully scrutinizing me. His large eyes were filled with worry. "Are you alright?" He asked.

"I'm fine, just a bit shocked," I said, feeling a bit dizzy. "But your shirt's bloody." He looked down and grunted in disgust. He started unbuttoning his shirt and threw it on the floor. While he rifled through his closet for another shirt, I admired his nicely defined stomach. I'd had no idea that his body looked like that.

"Since when do you work out?" I blurted out. He looked embarrassed and hurriedly pulled out a shirt. I had never really realized just how attractive he is. His hair was hanging in his eyes as usual, just above his high cheekbones. His shoulders were lightly freckled and he had a slight trail of silky dark hair leading to his waistband.

"Wait," I said suddenly, and stood up. He paused and looked confused. I crossed over to him, pulled the shirt out of his hands and tossed it on the floor along with his blood spattered shirt. I grabbed his shoulders and looked at his face closely, scrutinizing him the way he had me, earlier. I could feel the room heating up. I ran my hands softly down his arms and slowly lowered my gaze down to his chest and flat stomach, still studying him.

"How come I never realized how beautiful you are?" I said. He swallowed and I could feel him tense up. I wanted him to relax so I laid my hand on his chest and started tracing a line down his stomach with my finger. He started breathing heavily and looked at me with large eyes. I got to his jeans and stopped. By that point he was holding his breath.

I stepped back. "I'm sorry," I said, and turned to leave. He grabbed my shoulders and pulled me back to face him.

"Do you have any idea how much I like you?" He asked huskily. My jaw dropped and I got as far as "huh?" before he leaned down and his mouth closed over mine. His hands moved slowly down my body from my shoulders to my waist. I could feel a tingle so I drew my arms up around his neck and kissed him back hungrily. His tongue gently pried into my mouth, touched my tongue, and drew back. I sucked his lower lip and he groaned, maneuvering me to his bed. He sat me down and stood above me for a few seconds smelling my hair. I pulled him down on top of me and kissed him deeply. Suddenly I was ravenous for him. I flipped him onto his back and climbed on top of him, straddling his waist.

"God, you turn me on," he said, and started pulling up my dress. "I've been wanting to get you out of this dress from the second I saw you in it."

"What, you don't like it?" I teased. "I guess I'll just have to get rid of it," I said and helped him pull it over my head. I was wearing a lacy black bra and panty set and I saw Dylan's eyes go wide as the dress was flung on the pile of clothes on the floor. I was still straddling his waist and I could feel him, hard beneath me. I started unbuckling his pants and pulling them down. There was a large bulge under his boxers and I smirked and grabbed him for a second before letting go. I heard his sharp intake of breath and I kissed his lips before moving them down lower and leaving a trail of kisses down his chest and stomach before stopping at the hair right above his boxers. I then licked his right nipple and he groaned again and grabbed my arms. He flipped me hungrily on to my back and started to kiss down the middle of my chest to my stomach. I sighed and he suddenly snapped my bra. I helped him remove it and once it was added to the pile on the floor he gently bit my nipple. I cried out and he bit the second one. At that point I was so wet I practically ripped his boxers off.

"Gentle, girl!" he said, laughing. "God I've wanted you for a long time."

"Really?" I said, momentarily surprised. He laughed. 

"Since you were about 16 and I was 17."

"I had no idea," I said. "Then again, I was always a bit thick about these things." I shrugged, and he leaned down and kissed me. He started rubbing my nipples and I grew incredibly hot again. I squeezed his cock once, waited a few seconds and squeezed it again.

"Oh God," he cried out. He started rubbing my pussy through the fabric of my black satin panties. This time it was my turn to cry out. I sat up and pushed him over. I quickly pulled my panties off, need filling me up. He moved his lips and tongue down my body to my shaved pussy and started nibbling. He licked me and my hips came up to meet his mouth. Then he started sucking my pussy. It felt so good I cried out and grabbed his hair.

I looked him in the eye and said "Fuck me, Dylan."

He stopped and looked at me and then bit his lip. "What would Jaime think?"

"At this point," I answered, "I don't give a fuck." I impaled myself on his hard cock until we both cried out. I rode him, in and out, in and out, gaining swiftly in momentum. "Fuck yeah, fuck yeah!" I screamed out as he bucked under me trying to get in deeper. I started rubbing my clit and knew from experimentation in the bathroom that this was as wet as I got. His eyes were open and he looked at me while sweat dripped down his face and chest. "I'm almost there!" I cried as I continued to sheath myself on him faster and faster while he took over the duty of rubbing my clit. "Fuck me Dylan! Fuck me harder!" The pleasure was almost too much to handle and I was suddenly hit by a rocking orgasm that kept coming as Dylan kept bucking. I screamed, and could feel my pussy pulsating and the muscles squeezing tightly around his hard cock. Suddenly, he screamed too and I knew he was coming. I kept riding him until his screams subsided and his body relaxed.

"Good God, Jesse. You were more amazing than I ever imagined possible." I draped myself over his body and he put his arms around me and ran his fingers through my hair.

I smiled up at him and said, "You were pretty damn good yourself. That was the most intense orgasm I've ever had."

He smiled back and said, "So, you wanna grab some coffee some time?"