 This is written from Tyler's POV. 

Thank you all for your support. I really wanted to get out some of the things that were happening in the background in this chapter so there isn't much sex! I promise the next is gonna be so much better! 

****

Isn't it terrible when you're the best man at your best mate's wedding and all you could think about during the ceremony was fucking his little sister? I know, I'm horrible!

This girl had me sprung! I'd seen the naughty side of her that made me completely forget that she was the annoying brat I watched grow up and I wanted more of it. It was as if I just met this girl a few weeks ago. The old Katie was gone!

When I saw her standing in Brad's doorway, I couldn't believe that was little Katie. I had to quickly remind myself that this was my best friend's little sister. She was so nerdy and such a goody two shoes growing up that I couldn't believe this was the same girl.

The first night I made a move on her, I wasn't expecting her to go along with it. I had been drinking and in the moment, I was so turned on. She was telling me about her sexual experiences, it made me so hot and I acted. To my surprise, she reacted- positively. I never knew she was into me. I guess I never looked at her that way up until then. I wouldn't have made a move if I was completely sober but hooray for drunken me!

I didn't think anything by it, then a few days after, I felt horrible. I felt like I had taken advantage of her. I figured it was going to be a one time thing only anyway, so I called to apologise. When she answered, however, I was instantly seduced by her dirty talk. 

I guess I should have known, calling her at 1am on a Saturday night. She had been out drinking and had just stumbled through the door. She told me how horny my voice made her and then she proceeded to tell me all the dirty things she would do if I was there. 

How could I have a serious conversation with her when she was like this? I simply couldn't, instead, my body betrayed me and before you know it I found myself jacking off to the sounds of her pleasuring herself. We talked until she fell asleep. Before she fell asleep, it may have been because she was intoxicated, that she let it slip that she'd had a crush on me for years.

This made me feel even worse! I didn't know if I was into her like that or if it was just pure lust. Either way I knew I didn't want to play with her emotions. I didn't want to break her heart so I knew I had to set her straight before it went too far.

I called her later that week, I had been playing it over in my head, I didn't want to hurt her but I had an awful feeling that I was going to. She was so cheerful and happy to hear from me that I almost pussied out. 

"Kay, I need to ask you something," I nervously said. She responded with a curious ok. "You know Brad will kill me if he ever found out right?"

"Yea but I'm not going to tell him, if you don't tell him then no one dies!" I could hear the smirk in her voice.

I laughed, "Are you telling me you're ok with sneaking around?"

"Honestly Tyler, I'm completely fine with you fucking my brains out whenever we see each other. I know I told you that I had a crush on you but I know you're not into me like that and I don't want a relationship so for the time being Brad doesn't need to know shit!"

My jaw dropped, I couldn't believe I was hearing this from Katie. I should've been in heaven right? A girl that doesn't want commitment? She was completely satisfied with just fucking! This shit never happens! 

"I just don't like feeling as if I'm using you, don't get me wrong, any other girl, sure, but I care about you and I don't want to take advantage of you."

"Oh babe, trust me, I'm the one using you!" She giggled. 

"You are so full of surprises!" I was smiling ear to ear. 

So it was settled, we were just going to do whatever, whenever. However, I learned so much about her in the few weeks we talked on the phone between the party and the rehearsal dinner, that I think I was starting to fall for her but I just didn't know. Maybe I was just infatuated.

Then I spent the weekend of Brad's wedding with her. It was as if she was a completely different person when we were in bed. She knew just what to do and what to say! She's such a tease!

She cut class the Monday after the wedding to stay an extra day with me. I was happy to have a reason to call out of work. It was pouring rain and dark out, it was perfect. We cuddled in bed all day, talked and of course she blew my mind with the amazing sex.

I was now convinced I was falling for her. She made it clear, however, she did not want a relationship. A relationship just seemed too messy. Not only were we three hours apart, but we would have to find a way to tell Brad and her mom so I chose to hide my feelings.

No girl had ever made me feel this way. It was safe to say I was confused but at this point it was pretty clear cut. We continued to make the phone work until the next time we were together. We would usually only call each other when we needed a release but one Friday morning she called upset.

A close friend of hers tragically passed in a crash. She was devastated. She just needed someone to comfort her and she didn't know who else she could call. I hated hearing her like this. I just wanted to make her feel better. That afternoon, I got out of work a little early. I called her and told her to get me a visitor pass and headed up to her.

I know everyone handles grief differently but that weekend, I learnt how she handled grief. I went there prepared to watch chick flicks with a tub of ice-cream and lots of junk food all weekend long with her crying while cuddled up together, instead, she fucked me from sun up to sun down. I couldn't even take my shirt off without her jumping on me, not that I'm complaining! She just wanted to forget all about it and she chose to fuck until she forgot.

We had made this a regular thing, whenever her roommate was out of town, I would drive up and spend the weekend with her. It was my third or fourth weekend there but this time, her roommate came back early. 

It was Saturday night around 11pm and we were just starting up a hot make out session and heavy petting when her roommate, Casey, came through the door. I was so turned on from Katie stroking me under the covers through my short but that was all I was going to get for the rest of the night!

Casey looked confused but her huge grin told me she knew exactly who I was. "Kate, he is H-O-T hot!"

I couldn't help but blush, "I'm right here, don't talk about me like I'm not!" Mocking her tone. 

She walked over to us on the bed and extended her hand as Katie introduced us. I quickly slipped my shirt back on after shaking her hand in a brief introduction. She apologised to us for showing up like that but her and her boyfriend had a huge fight and she left.

I tried messing around with Katie later that night when Casey was asleep but she wouldn't let me. She didn't want to risk it. I was so turned on from earlier that I would settle for just a hand job right then but she wasn't having it. I was sad!

I woke up the next morning with such a hard on. I was wearing my boxers and a shirt. Katie woke up soon after me. I was lying on my back and she was on her side next to me with her left half of her body draped over me. I kissed her forehead and she responded with a "Good Morning!"

I smiled as I recalled the morning sex we had yesterday then looked over to her sleeping roommate and sighed. I knew she wasn't going to want to have sex with her roommate there. I was going nuts!

She rested a hand on my leg, I reached down and moved her hand to my rock hard cock. She giggled, "How'd you get so hard?" She whispered.

"Why are you giggling? Its so not funny!" I smiled.

I reached down to pull my hard cock from my boxer briefs. She started stroking it. "Does that mean I'm going to get some?"

She laughed, "Not a chance!" She continued to stroke me under the blankets. Her soft hands gently massaging my cock, oh this drove me crazy! I interrupted her to slide my boxer-briefs down.

I grab her leg that was still draped over mine and pulled her on top of me. She was now straddling me with her legs on either side of my thighs and her body pressed on mine as she was now lying on me. To my surprise, she was still not wearing any panties from the night before. All she was wearing was her tank top.

"Tyler!" She protested, "Stop!"

I smiled widely, "I'm going to have fun with this!" 

She glared at me. I grabbed her ass and positioned the underside of my hard dick to press up against her clit. I wrap my arms around her low back so she couldn't move and I began slowly jerking my hips up and down so that my hard member would slide against her clit. 

I knew how weak clitoral stimulation made her and I was loving this! "Tyler!" She warned, "Casey is right there, she could wake up at any minute!" She whispered.

"She'll just wake up to a show is all!" I teased.

She looked at me horrified! I couldn't help chuckle. I continued teasing her. Now I could see pleasure on her face every time the head of my cock would slip past her clit. She bit her lip holding back from moaning. 

I couldn't take it anymore. I was way to fucking horny. I had to have her. I lifted her slightly to bring my cock free and with one jerk of my hip, I drove the entire length of my shaft into her soaking wet pussy. She stared into my eyes, her body became stiff as a board, her pussy clenched my cock. Her jaw dropped but no sound came out. She knew she couldn't scream like she wanted to. Her eyes watered slightly as she wasn't ready for my cock.

She bit down onto my collar bone to prevent herself from making any noises. I loved seeing her squirm like this cause I knew she loved every bit of it. I continued to pump my cock into her nice and slow. I was just torturing myself. 

"I can feel every inch of you in and out if me baby!" She whispered.

"Mmm fuck!" Hearing this turned me on even more. I completely forgot about her roommate. My knees bent, one arm wrapped around her lower back, the other hand across her back and gripped her shoulder, using that as leverage to pull her down on top of my cock. I picked my pace up slightly. She occasionally looked over to her roommate to make sure she wasn't awake.

In one swift motion I flipped us over. She was now on her back, her legs spread wide, our bodies touched slightly, still under the blankets. I continued to pump in and out of her. I felt her tightened on me and I knew she was close. Her little whimpers confirmed it. I kissed her deeply as I continued my motion. 

Looking across, I saw Casey roll over and stretched as if she was about to open her eyes. Thankfully Katie's head was turned the opposite direction and even if she tried to look, my head was in the way. I kept my eyes on Casey, there was no way I was about to let her ruin this orgasm after cock blocking me last night!

She opened her eyes and her jaw dropped, she was about to say something when I quickly put a finger to my lips, silently asking her to stay quiet and hoping she would. Luckily she knew Katie would be too embarrassed so she gave me a thumbs up, rolled over to face the wall and pretended to be asleep.

Katie's little noises grew more and more. She held me tighter as she drew closer to the edge. I was getting close at this point. Her pussy felt too fucking amazing! I just wanted to cum deep inside her pussy!

"I'm going to cum baby!" She whispered in my ear as she clamped down on my cock, constricting around me. Her words sending me over the edge as I picked up my pace, slamming into her repeatedly and squirting my warm cum into her.

She squirmed under me as she fought to keep quiet from her orgasm. She bit into my shoulder again. I wasn't a fan of being bitten but she made it so hot! It would give me shivers when she'd do it. I loved everything she did to me. Her body shook under me as she orgasmed. I kissed her before rolling off onto the small twin bed.

She looked over at her 'sleeping' roommate before getting off the bed and getting herself ready to hit the showers. 

"You could stop pretending now Casey!" I laughed once Katie was out the room.

"That was so hot!" She smiled.

"Thanks for playing it cool! I couldn't risk it this time, you know how she gets!" I laughed, struggling under the covers to get my underwear back on.

"So how does Brad feel about you two?" She asked.

"Ha!" I laughed, "He doesn't know!"

"What?!? What do you mean he doesn't know?"

"We kind of agreed we didn't need to tell him anything. After all, we are just fuck buddies!" I exclaimed.

"But...." She instigated.

"But what?" I asked

"You don't want to just be fuck buddies!" She boldly stated.

"What makes you think that?" I asked. She looked at me out of the corner of her eyes. I continued, "I want whatever she wants, lets just put it like that!"

We chatted for a bit before Katie reappeared.

"How about you ladies give me some time to shower then take you both out to breakfast?" I ask "But then I have to hit the road!"

That was the last time I had seen Katie. The entire three hour drive back home I couldn't stop thinking. I wanted her for more than just friends with benefits but thats not what she wanted. I just don't know what to do! 

How could one girl make me feel so happy yet so frustrated at the same time! This was driving me nuts! I had to tell her how I felt! There was no other option!