 This is my first story, please leave your feedback and constructive criticism. Let me know if you want more!

*

Edited- Trying my best to fix grammatical errors. 

*

"Katie, what do you think?" I suddenly snapped out of my daydream and quickly came back to reality. My brother Brad was getting married the next month and was trying to get my opinion on something or the other but I just couldn't stop thinking about the previous night. 

Before getting into that, let me introduce myself, my name is Katie, I'm 21 years old, I have long curly black hair and green eyes. I'm 5 ft 2 inches and 122 lbs, I'm slightly tanned thanks to sun bathing opportunities I've had recently. I'm pretty petite but I take pride in my curves, I've been blessed with beautiful 34 C round, perky tits and a nice ass. 

Brad's my older brother, he's 26, tall at just about 5 ft 10 inch, short black hair and brown eyes. He's your typical big brother, annoying and over protective. We fought a lot growing up. Our dad died when I was 5 and I guess he thought he needed to be my protector, which caused a lot of arguments between us because he was just too overprotective. If he had his way, I'd be locked in a bubble for the rest of my life. Thank God for college! 

I went away for college which he wasn't too happy about. At first I was a stick in the mud but as soon as it set in and I realized Brad was no longer there to control me, I let loose! Not too loose though, I still had my head about me most of the time. Just your average college girl, my friends and I would party every weekend and get drunk. 

My first year of college was when I had my first kiss. That was also when I lost my virginity to my then long term boyfriend, Kyle. I must say I don't miss him at all but I did miss the amazing sex we used to have but I was still bitter over the way things ended. I had sex with 2 guys after him but none lived up to what I'd been used to with him.

Brad and his fiance had only been dating for one year before getting engaged. He had been a womanizer before he met Stephanie. He never dated, he just hooked up with every girl that looked in his direction so it was shocking when he announced his engagement. I had only met Steph once before so I couldn't form an opinion yet but my mom wasn't a big fan and that said a lot cause my mom loved everyone! 

The best man wasn't a big fan of her either, my brother's best friend Tyler. They have been best friends since I was 6. Tyler had a pretty dysfunctional family and because of it he was always hanging out at our house. His dad was a drunk and would get physical with him when he would get angry. That was usually when he would come over no matter the time of night, my mom always made sure that he had a way to get in the house if he needed to. My mom treated him pretty much like her own son. 

Tyler towered over me at 6 ft 4, 180 lbs, short blonde hair, the most beautiful icy blue eyes I get lost in and his body, oh my God, his toned, muscular, tanned body with perfect 6 pk and big muscular arms. 

It certainly didn't help that he was a bit of a dirty, rough cut, bad boy. He worked at his uncle's bike shop and worked on cars on the side. He could get any girl he wanted and he knew it! He was so smooth with his word and he knew how to charm a girl. I've watched him over the years have girls just drool over him. 

This included me too but I've never made that known. It wasn't till I was about 11 that I started having an innocent crush on him. It quickly turned to lustful thoughts as I started learning about sex and he started walking around the house shirtless and sweaty. 

I knew nothing would ever come out of it so I never put much effort into hitting on him or letting it show. He would occasionally flirt with me but that was just the way he was with everyone, even my mom so I quickly learned that he meant absolutely nothing by it. 

In fact, our relationship was pretty much just like the one I had with Brad. Tyler was so much more fun to annoying than it was with Brad because I always managed to get under Tyler's skin. Usually, it was me complaining and whining to him about everything he does. Not to mention the pranks we would play on each other. 

I hadn't seen much of him since I left for college. I went to college 3 hrs away from home so I would rarely visit and since him and my brother moved out I never really saw them much. I never had a reason to come see him. Afterall, he was my brother's friend.

That weekend we were all getting together at Brads new house. He was having some sort of get together with all his and Steph's family because we all needed to get to know each other. I got there mid-day on Friday. Steph was driving her parents down from wherever they lived and everyone else was getting there later that evening. 

I was looking forward to having lunch with Brad and catching up. I showed up at the address and rung the door bell, the door pulled open and to my surprise, there stood Tyler, not only was I surprised but I was also extremely happy to see him after so long! 

Absolutely nothing changed about him but the length of his hair, it was longer now and pulled back in a ponytail and he had a day's worth of stubble on his face. He was wearing cargo shorts and his favorite band t-shirt. He looked incredibly sexy dressed that casually. 

"Wow Katie, is that you?" I wore a pair of white shorts and a fitted long sleeve top that was low cut showing off my perfect tits. I noticed his eyes scanned my body before he swiftly leaned down to hug me, lifting me off the ground a little. 

"You look so different from the last time I saw you, somebody grew up!" He picked up my bags and guided me into the house. 

"You never come see me anymore, stranger!" He smiled. Oh, how I can melt in his smile and those beautiful blue eyes!

"If it makes you feel better, I don't visit anyone much," I replied, smiling back at him. I let my eyes wander around the house as I talk to him, amazed by how nice the inside is. 

"But I'm you're most favorite person in the world though," he teased, giving me a look with those pretty eyes trying to guilt me. I scooted closer to him and wrapped one arm around his waist into a side hug, his eyes were my weakness!

"I'll try to visit you more if it makes you feel better," I paused for a second, "Where's my brother and why hasn't he come down to see me yet!" He put this arm around my shoulder. 

"He went to get some last-minute errands done, looks like it's just you and me squirt," he walked me over to the couch, I sat as he jetted off to the kitchen to get us some drinks. I sat there, shaking my head, after all this time I couldn't believe he still made me melt the way he did. 

We spent the next hour talking, catching up on what had been going on in our lives. I told him all about my classes and what I was trying to make of my life and he shared his plan on opening his own shop and filled me in on all the girls he'd been screwing. He also shared his opinion on Steph and it was not a nice one. 

In walked Brad just as he started to ask me about dating. Now I didn't have to tell him about my relationships, he still thought I was the innocent virgin that I was when I left for college. Getting off the sofa, I ran over to Brad and hugged him tight as we greeted each other, it had been so long since I had seen him. 

We had no time to talk as he was running around trying to get everything ready for the get together that night. He assigned a few tasks to Tyler then he grabbed me with him to go back out to get some more stuff done. We made the most of drive time in-between stops catching up. He couldn't stop talking about one of Steph's cousins who he though I should take the time to get to know. 

"Was my brother trying to set me up with his fiance's cousin?" I asked myself. He must be losing his mind since the Brad I remembered would get angry just at the thought of a guy trying to talk to me. 

Fast forward to the party. It was almost 6 pm and everyone was starting to arrive. I was in my assigned room getting ready, looking in the mirror, admiring how adorable I looked. I was wearing a short cocktail dress. It was a sleeveless black lace halter top with a solid black lining and the bottom of the dress was an A-line fit and flare style that stopped 2 inches above my knees. I completed the look with some adorable black 6 inch t-strap heels. 

I was a tomboy and rarely got dressed up but when I did, I loved it! I wore slight makeup and my hair down, my curls fell into place perfectly at the sides of my face. 

As I got ready to head downstairs, I heard a knock, "Wow!" was all that Tyler could say as he stood in the doorway stunned.

"Yes?" I inquired, admiring how stunning he looked in his outfit. He wore black dress pants with a decent belt, a white tucked in dress shirt with the top button undone and a black blazer thrown over, this hid all his tattoos. He hated getting dressed up but he did it as per Brad's request and I wasn't complaining, he cleaned up well! 

"Uh um your moms here." That was the first time I'd even seen Tyler at a loss for words and I must say I loved seeing it. I headed for downstairs, the house already filled with people I didn't recognize and half with people I did, aunts, uncles and cousins. 

I first went around looking for my mom then we went around greeting the rest of our family members. I couldn't help glance across the room occasionally scanning for Tyler just to get a glimpse of him. 

Two hours had passed, I was so over meeting people, I was just ready to be done for the night. I saw my brother walk towards me through the crowded living room. "Katie, Steph's cousin is right over there, will you go talk to him?"

I looked over in the direction that he pointed to and I saw the back of what looked like a very handsome gentleman. "Alright, I'll go talk to him," I responded. 

I walked up behind him as he admired my brother's record collection, I lightly tapped him on the shoulder trying to get his attention. My eyes widened and my jaw dropped as he turned around to reveal that it was Kyle, my ex-boyfriend! 

"You're Stephanie's cousin?!" I exclaim with an upset look on my face. 

"Wow Katie, you're not Brads little sister, are you?"

"Yes, Brads my brother! He was trying to set me up with a scum bag like you?"

"Hold it right there babe, it seems as if he doesn't know you all that well either, I believe he described you as an innocent? I guess he doesn't know about the things you used to do to me and most definitely not the three--" 

He was cut off by an angry response "You wouldn't dare!" 

He smiled a wicked side grin and said "Maybe I would, how do you think your family would look at you after knowing those things about sweet little innocent Katie?" Tears filled my eye with anger and frustration, I couldn't believe this was happening right now. Unable to say anything I turned and started to walk away.

Kyle grabbed my hand by the wrist, pulling me back aggressively, "Where do you think you're going? You don't want me to go have a nice little talk with Brad, do you?" 

I protested as I tried to wring my hand free, "Kyle let go of me!" He held on tighter. 

Leaning down to speak softly in my ear, "You're going to lead us upstairs and we're going to catch up and I'm going to do whatever I want to you!" he commanded. 

I opened my mouth to speak but before I could say anything I was cut off, "You don't want me telling your brother, do you?" 

I sighed, feeling defeated I turned to start walking upstairs, Kyle released his grip on me and started following me. I led him into the guess room where I was staying. He closed the door behind him and immediately held my chin in his hand, his thumb over my lips, "I miss this pretty little mouth baby! How about a little trade? You suck me off and I won't say a word?" 

He grabbed me by the head and pushed me down on my knees and started to undo his belt and pants before I could even consider his offer. I was unaware that Tyler was witness to the whole ordeal and came flying up the stairs behinds us once he realized what was going on. 

The bedroom door swung opened and in came an angry Tyler. Tyler wasn't sure of want was happening, all he was sure about was what looked like an argument downstairs. He grabbed Kyle by either side of his shirt collar and threw him up against the wall. 

"Who the fuck are you and what do you think you're doing?!?" I hadn't seen Tyler this mad in a long time and I was worried about what he'd do. 

"Katie, tell your guard dog to get off me!" Kyle was calm and played tough, Tyler was much bigger than he was and could do some serious damage. 

I yelled, "Tyler, let him go, he's not worth it!" 

Tyler looked at me, "Is someone going to tell me what's going on here?" 

I spoke, "Let him go and I'll tell you everything!" 

Tyler had begun to loosen his grip on Kyle when Kyle spat out, "I guess you're secret's out Katie!"

Tyler had no clue what he was referring to but at this point he was looking for any reason to hurt Kyle. Tyler pushed Kyle back against the wall this time his forearm across his neck, "If I find out that you did anything to hurt Katie I will find you and bash you're face in! Now, get the fuck out!" 

Tyler was furious, he slammed the door shut as Kyle left then he turned to me with his hands on his hips, I could see he was trying to calm down, "Are you ok, Kate?" 

I replied, "I'm fine, thank you for that!" 

He looked at me for a few seconds in silence and shook his head. I must admit I was so turned on by him right then, something about the thought of him protecting me the way he did! I loved it.

"What was that all about?" he demanded, walking over to sit on the couch on the other side of the room. 

I followed him over there sitting beside him, "That was Kyle, he's my ex-boyfriend and he's also Stephanie's cousin."

He replied, "Well, that doesn't explain the situation I walked in on!" He held my left wrist examining the red mark around it from Kyle grabbing it, "Katie, let me kill that motherfucker!" His eyes intense with rage. 

I tried calming him down, I took my left hand from him and I started gently rubbing his back to calm him down. 

"I'm not going to tell you anything further till you calm down!" We sat in silence for a few mins while he calmed down. My mind racing because I didn't want to tell him anymore than he needed to know. 

"Alright squirt, I'm fine, now tell me!" 

I started, "Well I met Kyle my first year in college, we dated for a while and I lost my virginity to him, I guess he thought he could blackmail me with threatening to tell Brad." 

Tyler looked at me, "I've known you for too long to know that you have more to hide than just your virginity, tell me the truth!" 

I sighed, "We did some stuff I'm not too proud about and I didn't want anyone to find out!" I said looking down and away from Tyler. 

"Oh, now you know we're going to have to tell me, right?" He smiled, looking at me. 

"I don't know about that!" I looked at him shaking my head, "You don't want to know." 

He chuckled and responded, "Oh yes I do, so dish it!" 

I felt my cheeks heating up just thinking about all the things I was about to reveal to Tyler, "Please don't make me!" 

He smiled widely, "Look at it as a thank you for me saving your ass," he laughed. 

"Promise not to judge?" I looked at him as a smile crept across his face. 

"Alright, I'll try my best," he teased and I began.

"So, you know how Brad never let me date or have any kind of fun whatsoever? Well since I was away from all of you, I decided I wanted to have fun, explore and live my life. So I started partying, that's when I met Kyle, I had no idea he was related to Stephanie! Let's just say I was a little drunk and he was a little drunk and we ended up back in my dorm room." 

Tyler interrupted, "You fucked him the first time you met him?" 

I glared at him, "You said you won't judge!" 

He smiled, "I'm just surprised is all."

I continued, "Anyway, we started dating after that and let's just say he was very experience and very sexual so I learned a lot of things from him and I enjoyed a lot that I'd prefer my brother not know!"

He started, "Well, you can't say that to me and expect me not to want to know what you did!" 

I sighed, my cheeks were probably beaming red from embarrassment at this point, Tyler obviously enjoying this, "Um, well, err, you know, stuff that college kids do!" He glared at me and I took at as my warning to go into detail.

"We tried a lot of kinky stuff OK?" 

He glared at me again, "That tells me nothing, my idea of kinky and your idea of kinky maybe two different kinky." He laughed knowing he was bullshitting just to get more details, for some reason he was enjoying this a lot! 

"Okay, just sit there, do nothing and say nothing until I'm done telling you OK?" I demanded, "And no facial expressions either!" 

He laughed and nodded and I continued, "Okay so we tried anal and we had a threesome with another girl, I would let him handcuff me or tie me up and I like being dominated." I took a deep breath, looking at Tyler. He had a confused look on his face, I was so embarrassed and his expression made it worst! 

"Wow! Katie, you are just full of surprises, aren't you?" He smiled.

I stood up so embarrassed, "You must think I'm a freak!" 

He laughed, "Not at all Katie!" His tone of voice changed, he spoke very low and calm, he moved over on the couch to sit in front of me. I had no idea what he was thinking right then, all I thought is how he must think I was a freak! Looking back on it, it may seem silly but the way I was brought up, girls like me just didn't do stuff like that! 

I looked down at him and I caught his eyes scanning my body, I looked down further and I could see a bulge through his pants. 

I smile, "Did that turn you on?" I asked shocked. He was at a loss for words, he shrugged his shoulder and shook his head. 

"You caught me!" he replied before reaching around me and pulling me on top of him. I straddled him, my legs on either side of his thighs, my crotch rested on his already hardening cock and I loved it. I thought, "He's my brother's best friend, I should protest?" But I wanted this and I couldn't deny it. His hands moved up my body, exploring me as he slowly kissed my neck then he pulled away. 

"You're not going to stop me?" I felt his smile against my neck. I was so turned on by him that I couldn't even pretend not to want what was happening. I didn't even respond to him as I let him continue. I wanted this!

"Full of surprises!" He breathed against my skin before kissing up my neck and to my lips. His hands moved down to rest on my ass as he kissed me deeply, his tongue brushed against my lower lip. I parted my lips gaining him access and our tongues danced together. Oh how wet he was making me! My pink little thong was soaked! 

My hand wondered down to his crotch, I reached down and gently caressed him through his pants as we kissed. I felt his hands moved off my ass and he grabbed my wrists gently.

"I didn't say you can touch me!" He smiled so seductively, I was melting into one big wet mess. He pulled my hands behind my back and held them with one of his hands as the other went back to my ass and I felt a hard slap making me gasp. 

"You like that, don't you?" He smiled up at me and all I managed to do in that moment was nod and bit my lower lip. I felt his hand come crashing down through the material of my dress again. He let out a small growl. 

"I want you so bad Katie!" He let go of my hands and his went back to my ass. My hands wrapped around his neck, he kissed me deeply again before picking me up off the couch, my legs wrapped around him. I felt one of his hands reaching up and unzipping my dress and undoing my bra. He walked me over and laid me on the bed. 
