 The threesome talk was base on the way Katie reacted to Beth and the jealousy hence the "How did it feel to watch another girl fuck Kyle" it then turned into a 'how do you feel about a threesome' deal because I'm running out of ideas! Trying to get a feel for what my readers like. I've been going back and forth in my head about ending this series soon, I'm struggling to find some juicy ideas now that they're not sneaking around anymore. Everyone has been extremely supportive and I greatly appreciate it.

I must mention a fellow Literotica writer, rapperbs, I greatly appreciate all your constructive criticism, It means a lot to me and sometimes you point out things that I didn't even catch on to and you encourage me to continue writing. Btw you're stories are hot! Lovely people of Literotica, if you haven't already, go check out his stories! 

***********

Pouring another glass of wine as my friends and I finished up laying out everything in the kitchen. Everyone was going to there soon. It was New Years Eve and traditionally Brad and I would invite all our friends over and play drinking games til the New Year. 

Even though mom was on a cruise, she still let us use the house. One by one people came trekking in until we were at there. All together, there was 19 of us. We always had lots of fun, these guys knew how to turn any game into a drinking game. We would all hangout in the living room for a bit, let everyone catch up, play a few games, talk and do our annual gift exchange before we moved to the back deck for the crazy drinking games.

"Where's you're boy Ty?" Josh asked

"Beer run, everywhere is closed so he's probably going to the nearest convenience store." I responded.

I was in the kitchen snacking when Tyler walked in. 

"Wow, sexy lady!" He smiled, "You most certainly wasn't wearing that when I left."

He was referring to black fitted dress that hugged every curve of my body and stopped just a few inches below my ass.

With no one else around, Tyler grabbed my ass under my dress and grunted, " I'm going to be so fucking horny for you all night!"

I laughed as he leaned in, kissing me while still grabbing my ass. 

"Hey, get a room!" Mike yelled as he walked in on us. 

"You coming outside? We're about to play beer pong." He asked Tyler.

He kissed my forehead and then disappeared.

The night was still in full swing as midnight approached. Everyone was hammered at this point, including myself and Tyler. A few of us were in the living room as it was freezing cold on the back deck, where some guys were still playing drinking games. I sat in Tyler's lap on the couch. We sat close to the fireplace all snugged and warm.

A few of his guy friends and a few of my girlfriends all sat around chatting. Tyler would occasionally whisper naughty thoughts into my ear but luckily with the music playing, no one could hear what he was saying.

"Want to blow this joint and go back to my place? We could fuck until 2018."

"You're so silly, neither of us can drive." I laughed, entertaining his idea.

"We can Uber if you would actually leave." He suggested.

"I kind of want to stay here with everyone, we can just head upstairs whenever you're ready." Slurring my words slightly. 

"Oh is that so?" He said as he jokingly picked me up. 

"Tyler, you put me back down right now!" I protested. 

He carefully tossed me onto the sofa where he was sitting and walked off to the back deck. 

"Two mins guys!" Giving everyone a heads up so they can join us.

"5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Happy New Year!" We all counted down along with the television. 

At that point we were all standing, Tyler wrapped his arms around me and kissed me softly, "Happy New Year babe!"

I smiled, "Happy New Year!"

It was about 2am when everyone was finally asleep. Tyler was helping me clean up in the kitchen before we went upstairs but upon getting to my room, some of my friends where sleeping on the bed and the floor, every room of the house had someone in it. 

"I know," I loudly whispered, "Mom's room!"

But when we got to the door, it was slightly cracked and soft moans were coming from it. 

"What the fuck! Who's banging on my mom's bed!?!" I said bitterly. 

Tyler spied through the little crack in the door. 

"Holy shit!" He said as he pulled me towards the stairs.

"What?!? Who was it???" I asked excitedly.

"Brad and Megan!" He whispered.

"Holy shit!" We both ran down the stairs giggling like little kids.

"How is it that Brad gets laid and I don't?!?" He complained.

"You're giving up that easily?" I smiled devilishly.

"What do you have in mind you little devil?" He enquired.

I grabbed him by the hand and led him into the downstairs half bathroom. A smile crept onto him face. 

"You had to choose the smallest bathroom in the house?" He smirked as he grabbed my ass, lifting me onto the sink. 

His hands rested on my thighs, as he closed in for a kiss, I got a whiff of his whiskey stained breath. Luckily, he was already sobering up, otherwise, I don't think he would have been coordinated enough to fuck me in there.

He kissed me slowly but deeply, his hands moved up my thighs and under my dress. Finding the waistband of my laced thong, "I think I'm going to leave these on you of a little bit longer." He smiled as his kisses moved across my jawline and to my neck. Occasionally biting my neck; he knew just how much he was turning me on!

He pulled the neckline of my dress down under my bra and tits, then unhooking my bra between the cups, he gained access to my nipples that longed for his mouth. Immediately taking one in his mouth, flicking his tongue over it as he reached a hand up to my other breast and gently massaged it, occasionally tugging on my nipple. Then switching from nipple to nipple. 

My head tilted back in ecstasy. I knew I was going to be soaked by the time he was ready for my pussy. One hand rested on the counter of the sink behind me as support the other on the back of his head, my body leaned backwards almost against the mirror.

He wrapped his arms underneath of my knees and pulled me to the edge of the sink then parted my knees. I was now spread wide for him. Using just one finger, he pulled the crotch of my thong aside then drove his tongue into my warm wetness. A soft moan escaped my lips. 

I tried to keep my noise non existent but he was doing all the things I loved. His tongue flicked back and forth over my clit as he slid a finger in me, then another. He finger fucked me as he teased my clit with his tongue. 

"Shh!" He paused to shush me as my moans got louder and louder. 

"Baby, I want you in me!" I moaned, just wanting to feel his hard member in my tight, wet pussy.

He removed my panties and sat them aside on the sink before undoing his pants and pulling his raging hard on out. My eyes lit up as I saw how hard he was for me. 

"Fuck me!" I whispered.

With one quick thrust of his hips, his shaft was buried deep inside of me. I moaned out loudly, he quickly covered my mouth with his hand. I knew better, he just knew I was too drunk to maintain a low volume. His forearms wrap around the back of my knees again, pulling me to the edge of the counter as he continuously thrusted in and out. My back and the surface of the counter forming a forty-five degree angle as my head rested against the mirror. My moans still fluctuated in pitch. 

His grunts getting higher and higher, I knew he was getting close! He pulled me off of the sink, took my panties up and stuffed it in my mouth before bending me over the sink. He grabbed my hips and entered me from behind. Forcefully thrusting his hips, driving his cock deep in me. 

"Fuck, I'm going to cum!" I tried to say with the parties in my mouth. It just sounded like a muffled mess but he knew exactly what I was about to happen.

"Cum on that cock baby!" He whispered to me as his thrusts slowed and his grunts got deeper. He was about to cum too.

My body became rigid and my pussy tightened up on him, squeezing his cock then my pussy started convulsing as my orgasm began, sending wave after wave of pleasure through my body. His grip tightened on me and he emptied his load in me.

"Success!" He jokingly said, "Now that I've conquered that pussy, I must find a place to sleep!" He was so drunk! 

The next morning, I was awaken by pots and pans knocking as Brad's starting on some breakfast. My eyes slowly open to see him standing only a few feet away from me. I somehow ended up on an air mattress on the kitchen floor, Ty was still passed out next to me. 

"Well good morning sunshine!" Brad greeted me.

"Someone's in a good mood this morning!" I manage to smile, still groggy. 

"You know me, just a morning person."

"Oh yea?" I smile, "You sure Megan didn't have anything to do with that?" 

"How'd you know about that?!?"

"You left the door cracked last night, smartass." I giggled, "Tyler saw you two." 

"That stays between us!"

"What do you got to hide? You're getting divorced and besides we all know she's had a crush on you for forever now."

"Really?" 

"Yes, the first night she ever slept over she was all googly-eyed for you!"

"That explains it!" He stoped to think for a second as he recalled last night events.

"She asked about my wife, I told her I was getting divorced and then all night she was flirty with me. When the New year broke we were in the back of the living room there and while you were too busy with your tongue down Tyler's throat, she kissed me. I didn't think anything by it but then she grabbed me!"

I laughed, "Aww, poor Brad, did you feel violated?" I teased him.

"As a matter of fact I did." He joked, "We were in the den making out for what felt like eternity before I took her upstairs but all guest rooms were taken, you're room was taken, that weird little room down here was taken so I had to use moms room."

"Gross!"

"Wait a minute! You guys were that far down the hall, you were trying to use mom's room too! You're the gross ones!"

We both laughed. Tyler only just waking up.

"What's all the commotion about?!? I'm trying to sleep here!" He complained before kissing me good morning.

"Oh shut up and go back to sleep asshole!" Brad joked with Tyler. 

"Damn, salty!" Tyler pulled the blanket over his head and went back to bed.

Brad made us all a fuck ton of pancakes. Shortly after breakfast, everyone started leaving but Brad, Megan and Tyler hung around to help clean up the house. 

Megan and I were in the living room. "So..." Looking around to see if the guys were around, "Details!" I giggled.

"OMG Katie! You know how much of a crush I've always had on your brother right? Well... I just about died and went to heaven last night! We were playing beer pong together last night, just having a lot of fun when Maria told me that he'd been checking me out all night so I flirted and he flirted back and when midnight broke, I kissed him and he kissed back. He took me upstairs and I think he had all honest intentions to just cuddle and sleep but we started making out and things got hot and heavy."

"I can't believe he made such a big deal out of me and Tyler at first and now he's messing around with my friend, that bastard!" I joked as we both laughed.

The guys walked in at that moment, "What's so funny?" Brad asked.

"You, doofus!" I joked.

"Turd!" Brad responded.

"Are you ready to go?" Brad asked Megan.

I turned to Megan and smiled with a curious look. 

"Brad's taking me home, I rode with Kelly yesterday but I told her to go on without me this morning." Megan explained.

"You two be safe!" I said shutting the door behind them. 

Tyler jumped on the couch, cutting the tv on and putting his feet up.

"Any space for me on that couch?" I flirted.

"I got a place for you to sit, right here." Tyler gently tapped his crotch area. 

"You're such a pervert!" I laughed as I moved to walk over to the armchair. 

He grabbed my wrist, pulling me onto him. I was now laying on top of him, facing him. 

"What do you want from me?" I smiled.

"Nothing, I just want to look at you and feel you close to me." He brushed the hair from my face and tucked it behind my ear, "You have beautiful eyes!" 

I blushed and kissed him, "I'm going to get in the tub, keep yourself busy!" 

Getting up and heading upstairs, I received a text from my best friend, "Check this out, gimme feedback, no judging!" With a link attached. 

I got in the tub, poured in some bath salts and sunk into the water. I opened up the link, "My Extreme Experience" was the title to what looked like a short story on a website. 

"What is this? Did she write this?" I asked myself.

As I went onto reading it, the characters fit the description of her and her boyfriend but the names were obviously different. After reading the author's note, I quickly realized that this was an erotic story. 

I went on to read about the night they celebrated one year of dating, they went out on the town, she got a bit drunk, getting back home they pulled over on the highway and made love in the back of his car then getting home, he wanted to try something different.

It read, "He always had a kink of wanting to tie me up and dominate me but I never agreed to it til that night. He instructed me to strip for him then tied my hands together and raising them above my head with his belt and tying it to the bed's headboard."

She explained in detail how he made her cum multiple times, eating her out, fingering her and using sex toys. He made her beg him to let her cum every time. He fucked her mercilessly, choked her, slapped her, bit her, made her his slave.

Although this was too extreme for my personal taste, I was so turned on. She explained how amazing it was, every time she came it was like dying and going to heaven. She described it as the best sex of her life!

I was so wet. I put the phone down and my hand traveled down my body and to my wet pussy. I slowly started rubbing my clit, my other hand played with my tits. The warm water soothing my body, swishing around a little as I squirm to my pleasuring touch.

My eyes closed as Tyler popped in my head. Thinking about his shirtless body, his tatted arms and chest, his perfect abs. Oh my God! Colorful artwork come together to complete the sleeves on both arms accentuating his muscles. His sleeves came into his pecs joining the huge owl tattoo across his chest. Unfortunately, his chest hair only grows in patches so he usually keeps it shaved. A huge skull with bat wings completed his tattoos on his upper back.

His abs were well defined and solid, he always let his pant waist drop on his hips, allowing me to see the perfect 'V' that formed along his hip bone and disappeared into his trousers. I imagined running my finger along his abs and down his happy trail that remained trimmed that led to his 8.5inch cock. 

As I got closer and closer, my moans grew louder. I was interrupted when I heard the bathroom door creek. "Wow, Katie! What have we here?" Tyler walked in with a glass of wine. I was red in the face, caught with my hands between my legs.

"I just thought you could use a glass of wine to help you relax but looks like you need something more than just wine." He winked as he sat on the rim of the tub. His arms now on either side of me gripping the edges of the tub to support himself as he leaned in to kiss me. 

"What got you so hot and bothered?" He asks.

I grab the phone, finding the story and showing it to him. He reads the a little bit before kissing me again. 

He pulled away just slightly, his face were inches away from mine, "Wash off and join me in your bedroom." He said seductively then bit my lower lip. He walked away while he sipped the wine he brought me and read the screen of the phone.

I immediately washed off and toweled off before heading into the bedroom. I crawled up onto the bed, crawling over his body, he still wore his boxers. 

"Is this what you want me do to you?" He said softly and low.

I smiled embarrassed as I nodded.

"Are you sure you can handle it that rough?" 

"I'd like to think so!"

"You know I would never hit you in the face though, so no slapping but everything else I think I can make happen for you. I'll just smack that ass enough to make up for it." He smirked as his hand reached between my legs.

"Wow, you're so wet!" He smiled as he got off the bed walking across the room to my dresser where I now kept my sex stuff. 

"Get off the bed, get on your hands and knees and crawl to me." He commanded.

"Yes, Sir!" I got off the bed and did what I was told. 

"Today, I'm your master, not your sir, get it right!"

"Yes master!" I smiled, I loved how into it he always got. Getting in front of him, kneeling, sexual tension building.

He pulled out my cotton rope from the drawer, he walked behind me and knelt to bind my hands together with the rope. "Is that too tight?" He asked.

"No, it's perfect."

"Ok, now snap your fingers."

"Huh?" I was confused. 

"You're going to have my dick down your throat and your hands are tied so you can't tap my thigh like you do, so you'd need to snap repeatedly if you need me to stop." He explained.

"Ok!" I smiled at him and snapped my fingers. I just loved how caring and thoughtful he was even when we were about to do something like that.

After my hands were bound, he hand moved to my ass, caressing it then his hand lifted and came down, smacking my ass cheek hard. He repeated this a few times then walked around in front of me, undid his jeans and slid them off, his erect cock popped out at me. 

He started stroking himself inches away from my face, "You want this cock?" He looked down at me, "You want to feel this slide down your throat?" 

I nodded, all he was doing was teasing, I just wanted his cock already. 

He let out a low chuckle, "I'm going to make you choke on this cock, is that what you want?" His voice low and steady. "You're my cock sucking slut aren't you?"

I nodded again.

"I can't hear you!" He said loudly.

"Yes Master, I want you to fuck my face with your big dick!"

"Good girl!" He slapped his rock hard cock against my cheek a few times before releasing the base, grabbing a fist full of my hair in his hand and pulling me down onto his shaft. Wasting no more time, he immediately started to pump his cock in and out of my mouth building his speed. 

He pulled me down on his entire length and held my head down, his other hand now on the back of my head as well. After a few seconds, he started rocking his hips back and forth again, thrusting deep, making me gag on him. He then held me down on it again, longer this time. I felt his cock hit the back of my throat, my eyes watered. I gasped for air as he pulled his saliva covered cock out of my mouth but only for a brief second before he rammed it into my mouth again, using my face as a pussy.

He continued to slide in and out of my mouth for a bit then pulled out again, this time he looked down at me, "You need some pleasure too, don't you, my pet." He then pulled my rabbit vibrator out from the drawer.

"Spread those knees apart for me!" He commanded. He knelt as he turned the vibrator on. 

"Let's see how wet that pussy is for me." He said as he reached a hand to my wet warm pussy. 

"Oh God! You love sucking that cock don't you? This pussy is dripping wet baby!"

I moaned as I felt his touch, my pussy was screaming for attention. His rough face fucking had turned me on so much! 

He brought the vibrator to my clit, teasing me at first. He then slowly slipped the vibrator into me. I gasped as it filled my pussy and my clit being stimulated at the same time. He held it in place, "Close your legs!" He ordered, "Tightly! As he got back on his feet.
