 This is the third part to this story, the second part didn't do as well as the first and if this one doesn't do so well either, there probably won't be a 4th. Please comment and let me know what you guys think.

This is pretty much a continuation of part 2.

*****

I stumbled out of the bedroom following the smell of bacon and the sound of Pantera's cemetery gates playing softly. I buttoned the remaining last two top buttons of Tyler's dress shirt that I was now wearing. He was wearing it the night before, left it on the floor of the bedroom and it was the first thing I could find. I walked out into the kitchen to the sight of a shirtless Tyler over the stove, he had on nothing but his boxer briefs.

"Hey sleepyhead!" He smiled as he turned around to see me, still rubbing my eyes.

"What a great way to wake up, shirtless you, smell of bacon and sound of pantera!" I yawned, sitting at the breakfast counter, "I'm exhausted!"

"I bet you are!" He laughed and poured me a glass of orange juice. He sat a plate of eggs, bacon and toast in front of me. 

"Just like old times, huh?" I took a bite. The first-time Tyler ever had bacon was at our house. My mom made us toast, eggs and bacon for breakfast the first-time Tyler slept over and he was blown away by the magical meat stick, as he called it. Every time he would sleepover my mom would make it for us for breakfast, which was ALOT!

He sat next to me with his plate and we talked a bit while eating. We finished up breakfast and I started cleaning up the kitchen. I started reaching for his plate when he grabbed my wrist, "What's wrong?" 

"Nothing's wrong, why are you asking?" 

He moved around the counter to where I was standing, "You never give me one word responses like you did throughout breakfast and you have a gloomy look about you."

He looked at me and wrapped his arms around my waist, "Was the sex that bad?" He asked with a smirk and pulled me into him.

My arms wrapped around his neck, I kissed him deeply, "It was so terrible that I'm craving more!" I kissed him again more passionately this time. He picked me up, my legs wrapped around his waist as he sat me down on the counter top.

"You're deflecting!" He said as he pulled away from our kiss.

"What's wrong?" He looked at me concerned, "Was it something I did?"

I sighed deeply, "No, it wasn't you at all."

My hands now caressed his back, looking down to avoiding eye contact, "My brother is getting married today and I was completely excluded from all of it!" I sighed, "I always pictured that his wife would be like my best friend! I always wanted a sister!" I paused, "I don't know, it's just silly!"

"Oh Hun," he lifted my chin with his hand, "It's not silly at all, I noticed that you were being excluded when you weren't invited to anything she was doing and I talked to your brother about it." 

I looked confused at him, "You talked to him about it?"

"He feels pretty bad about it, he asked Stephanie to make you a bridesmaid but she claimed she already had too many to choose from. Brad's so whipped that he'd block us all out of his life if that's what she wished."

"I don't care to be a bridesmaid or anything like that, I would have just like to be treated as the groom's sister at least, not a distant cousin that just gets an invite and shows up." I sighed again, "I wasn't even invited to the bridal shower or bachelorette party!"

"I'm sorry, sweetie!" He rubbed my check with his thumb.

"Forget I said anything, I'm just being selfish, I should be happy for him." 

"Brad hasn't been himself since they got engaged. I'm just going along with it, it's not my place to say otherwise."

"Whatever I guess," I shrugged my shoulders.

"I have two hours before I need to be at the country club, why don't you let me cheer you up huh?" He kissed my neck.

"Yes please!" I wrapped my legs around him. I was still sitting on the counter where he stood in front of me, his hand held the back of my neck as he leaned in, kissing me, sliding his tongue in my mouth. We kissed for a few minutes before I felt myself being lifted off the counter and carried to the sofa. 

He sat with me on top of him, straddling him. We continued to kiss, I felt his cock under me hardening. I started slowly grinding my hips against him in his boxers. He reached down between us to my pussy and to his surprise, I was not wearing any panties. 

I grabbed his hand along with the other and pinned them to the backrest of the couch on either side of his head by his wrists. I then continued to grind against his boxers, making him grow harder. Releasing his hands, I reached one of my hands down to pull his cock out through the little opening at the front of his boxers.

Now that his cock was out I could tease him better. I continued grinding, now my bare pussy against the underside of his shaft. He let a soft moan out into our kiss. Taking my time with him, teasing him. His hands moved to both ass cheeks, grabbing them, squeezing them, helping me grind on him.

"You love when I tease you, don't you?" I leaned in, kissing his neck and down his chest then back to his lips. 

"I love having you more though!" He said, lifting me by the ass and positioning his cock under me, allowing me to slide down on him effortlessly. 

"Oh god!" I moan as I felt him stretch me out.

He pulled my body close to his as I started working his shaft. His strong hands wrapped around me, he slowly kissed my neck repeated. "Mm I could let you ride me like this for hours!" He moaned out.

My hands on his shoulders now as he turned his attention to my tits. He started squeezing them, licking and sucking on them, just driving me wild as I slowly grind on his cock. I was so aroused in that moment that I wanted to just instantly cum on his cock. 

I couldn't understand what magical powers he had that made me feel so good. He could turn me on in seconds and within minutes of having him inside of me made me bursts into uncontrollably jolts of pleasure. 

I wanted to cum right there on his cock but I tried my best to hold back. He slid slightly down on the sofa to where he could thrust his hips up, sending his cock deep in me. One hand wrapped around my lower back again, the other moved the hair out of my face and then one finger crept into my mouth, I sucked on it. 

My pussy started tightening up on him and he knew exactly what that meant for me. He slowly pumped in and out of me, building up his pace. "You're going to cum for me?" He asks softly, moaning. His soft grunts is turning me on even more. 

My body became stiff, my breathing got heavier. My back arched as I feel my body releasing all its pleasure on his cock. I leaned down towards him, biting into his shoulder to muffle my screams. My body convulsing, my pussy squeezing his cock, prolonging my intense orgasm.

He smiled, kissing my neck as he continued his movements, not allowing me to recover. This made my body buck on top of him. He picked me up and laid me on my back on the couch. He started pounding me, one leg on his shoulder the other hanging off the side of the couch, all I could do was take it. 

"Baby, I'm going to cum!" He breathlessly said, leaning in, he kissed me, keeping his pace steady. "Fuck, I'm going to cum!" He pulled his cock out, grunting softly, slowly jerking his load on my lower abdomen before he fell back onto the sofa. 

"You're amazing Katie!" Panting while he laid there. I got up headed towards the shower. 

I'm almost done with my shower when I heard footsteps walking into the bathroom and stopped at the sink, "Fuck, I guess there's a first for everything!"

"Huh?" I responded confused.

"You bit the shit out of me!" The shower curtain moves and a head pokes in, "I've never had a girl bite me before that left an actually bite mark like this!" Showing me the deep red teeth marks on his shoulder. "You may have drawn blood!"

"You pussy, can't take a bite to the shoulder?!?" I teased.

"Haven't you learned you're lesson about taunting me!" He said as he steps into the shower with me. He playfully slapped my ass then grabbed me and pulled me closer to him in a hug, my back to his chest. "Why don't you hurry up so I can shower?"

"Hey! I was here first! Get the fuck out!" I joke with him before flicking water over my shoulder at him. His hand came down on my ass cheek making a wet slapping noise.

"You deserve a good spanking, you're such a spoilt brat!" He spanks me again. 

"You do realize that the longer you distract me; the longer my shower is going to be, right?" I smiled.

"Mhmm" was his response before I felt his hands slide around to the front of my body and landed on my breasts. He massaged them and rubbed my nipples just slightly.

I was instantly aroused. My eyes closed and my head tilted backwards to rest on him. "Mm!" A soft moan escaped my lips. I was surprised to feel his hard cock press against me. "How are you possibly horny again?"

"That's what you do to me baby!" He grunts, "I can fuck you all day long!" He said as he leaned into me, kissing up and down my neck. I turn to face him, I look down at his member and smiled, I loved it how much I turn him on. 

I turned us around so now that he was the one under the water and I got on my knees. I watched a grin creep on his face as I did. His hard cock sticking out at me. I wrap just my thumb and index finger around the base of his shaft and without hesitation, I started bobbing my head up and down half the length of his shaft while stroking the base, my fingers meeting my lips every time. 

He absolutely loved it. I looked up, his head goes back, his hand grips my hair and his moans let me know exactly how much he loved what I was doing. "Ohh, fuck, Kay! Mmm yes!"

I continued doing this seeing that he loved it so much until he couldn't take it anymore. I looked up, my eyes traveled up his now wet, perfectly defined abs and chest. His head was still flung back and I couldn't see his facial expressions but his noises told me he was close. 

I decided to change it up a bit, I removed my hand from his cock, both hands now on either side of his thighs. I open my mouth wide, getting my teeth out of the way and then taking him all in my mouth till I felt him hit the back of my throat. I repeatedly did this but I was stopped by Tyler. He pulled his hips back so that his cock was no longer in reach of my mouth. 

I looked up at him, his breathing was heavy, he looked at me for a few seconds before saying, "I couldn't let you continue that, you know that would make me cum way to soon!"

"But I want you to cum!"

"But I want to fuck you!" He gestured me to stand up while he turned the water off. 

I stood up, wrapping my arms around his neck. I kissed him and slid my tongue into his mouth in a deep passionate kiss. He held my body close to his as his tongue wrestled with mine. He pulled my left leg up to wrap around him, his forearm under my knee and thigh to support me, his other arm wrapped around my waist. I was dripping wet, so wet that he slid right in with ease.

He drove his cock in and out of my soaked pussy. My arms wrapped around his neck, my head tilted back, my upper body leaned backwards causing my back to arch. He grabbed my hair in his fist and pulled, causing my head to go further back and my back arched more. He continued pumping me. 

My pussy coated his cock with my juices. My body in pure ecstasy. My moans grew louder. He lifted my body slightly making my right leg lift off the floor. Instinctively, my leg moved to wrap around him. At this point he was supporting my entire weight. His hands now on my ass as he supported me with his strong arms. I leaned my shoulders back to touch the wall. He continued to pound me mercilessly. 

Our breaths were heavy, his grunts more audible, every sound he made pushed me closer and closer to the edge. My hands moved to my breasts. My nipples rolled between my thumb and index fingers. 

"Ah fuck, i'm going to cum on that cock baby." I screamed. 

"Me too, I'm going to cum deep inside of you!" 

My back arched, my shoulders lifted off the wall. Tyler let me wrap my legs around his waist loosely now as he wrapped his strong arms around me, supporting me by my waist. He slowed his thrusts, as he feels my pussy tighten up around him, throbbing around him. 

"I'm cuming!" I scream as he continued to thrust, his grunts turn into higher pitched moans as he pumped his warm load into me.