 Sorry it's been so long since I was able to write this one, life has been crazy! 

I promise I'm still working on my tenses! 

I appreciate all the positivity and support!

*****

Katie's POV

*****

I was finally done with college and was happy to be moving back home! Although I would miss my friends and the parties, I'd get to be closer to my old friends, family and of course Tyler. 

That day, he was mad at me but he still came to help me move all my shit back to my mom's. He asked me to move in with him seeing that now we were officially dating but I had to decline the offer. 

It's not that I didn't want to, I just didn't think we were at that point in our relationship. Besides, I've seen the kind of stress 'playing house' puts on a couple. I was simply not ready and surely he could come to see it my way soon. 

But of course, with every box moved, he just had to make a comment about, "If you were moving in with me..."

After everything was moved, we landed up sitting on the bar stools at the kitchen counter. Mom was made us lunch, just like when we were kids, she placed plates of a chicken salad sandwich, bbq potato chips and carrots with ranch dip in front of us. We both looked at each other and smiled, remembering when we were little.

"Alright kids, I got to run, I'm going to visit Nancy!" Mom said as she placed two sodas in front of us. Nancy is an old friend of my mom and usually when they would get together, they'd drink loads of wine and my mom usually waited until she was sober enough to drive home. I knew she was going to be a while, 4-5 hours at least. 

She kissed me and headed out in a hurry. " So when are you going to tell her? I asked.

"She's your mom, you should tell her!" Tyler responded.

My mom still didn't know that we were officially dating. She didn't even know we were screwing around. I just didn't know how she'd react. 

" I guess when one of us grow some balls, she'll know!" Tyler laughed.

"Did your body swallow yours up or did they freeze and fall off?" I smirked at him.

"Don't you talk about my balls!" He laughed.

As we finished up lunch, I grumbled on about having to unpack as Tyler cleaned up the kitchen. 

"Come on you lazy ass! Lets get it done and over with!" He said as he pulled me off the stool onto my feet. 

"Can I have a kiss first?" I looked at him with my best pouty face.

He turned around, leaned in, gently placed his hand on the back of my head and passionately kissed me.

"You happy now?" He asked.

I smiled and we headed up stairs. We had only put 2hours worth of work in and had gotten pretty much everything done. I laid on the bed as Tyler went through a bag of bits and bobs. 

"Come on you! Don't rest 'till the job is done!"

I looked at him and smiled as I continued to lay there and slowly undid the buttons of my light blue plaid shirt and slowly exposed my tits in my black lace bra. 

"How about you take a break?" I winked at him. He had unboxed some random crap onto my nightstand. I rolled onto my stomach and I reached off the bed to the nightstand and threw one of those knickknacks back into the box as he unpacked them just to be annoying. 

"Oh you bitch!" He teasingly said as he pulled them back out and onto the nightstand again. I grinned at him and tossed them back in the box again.

"Oh now your just asking for a good spanking!" He smiled at me. I was already laying on my stomach when he made the first move to spank me. I quickly tried to roll away but he caught my hip and rolled me back on my stomach. 

"Oh, you're not getting away from me!" He laughed as he climbed onto the bed and on top of me. He straddled me, sitting on the back of my thighs so i couldn't go anywhere. 

His hand came crashing down on my left ass cheek covered by my undies and shorts. I let out a little whimper followed by a giggle. 

"I know you enjoy this too much to be a punishment but baby you wont be giggling after too long!" He smirked, grabbed my shorts by the waist and pulled them down. I lifted my hips slightly as he got off of me to slip them off, revealing my fuchsia lace thong. 

"Oh baby!" He moaned as he placed his both hands on my ass firmly grabbing it and squeezing. Then his left hand came gently down on my left ass cheek. 

"Is that all you got?" I teased.

"You don't want to push me, you'll regret it!" He said low in response to my taunting but that was the point. I was so horny from watching him work shirtless that I wanted a good hard fuck and I knew just how to manipulate him to get rough with me.

"Make me regret it!" I smirked and bit my lower lip. His right hand now came down smacking my right ass cheek harder than the last smack. 

"Thats more like it!" I continued.

He pressed his body against my back as he came up to kiss my cheek and along my jaw line. I felt his hard cock press against my ass through his cargo shorts. His hand crept up and grabbed my hair, pulling my head back slightly as he whispered in my ear, "You're definitely going to regret this!"

He made me so weak with how gentle and rough he could be at the same time. He made a puddle in my panties. He gently bit the back of my neck as he spanked me hard again. 

"Get on your back!" He demanded as he bent over the bed and pulled my 'sex stash' from under the bed and placed it on the nightstand. He then removed his pants and boxer briefs, got back on the bed, laid on his stomach with this face between my legs. 

"Spread those legs wide for me!" He demanded as he pulled my thong to the side exposing my glistening wet pussy. 

"Holy fuck!" He commented as his fingers found my wetness. He slid two fingers in me with ease and slowed pumped them in and out of me, his fingers curled upright, like a hook, driving me crazy. I couldn't hold back the moans that came out of my mouth at this point. If that wasn't enough, his tongue soon found my clit.

He flicked his tongue back and forth while working his fingers in and out at the same time and he wasn't letting up. I pulled my pillow over my face moaning loudly into it. Tyler reached up and pulled the pillow from me, "Nobody's home baby, I want to hear you scream!"

He continued to 'punish' me. I only got wetter and wetter. He flicked his tongue slowly but finger fucked me so fast, the combination made me melt. My moans were loud now, my back arched as I breathe heavily. He knew I was close but he wasn't stopping. Instead he picked up the paste with his tongue.

"Fuck! I'm going to cum Tyler!" I cried out.

He looked up at me, "Don't you fucking cum until I tell you to!"

"Holy shit!" I thought to myself. This was hot but there's noway I could hold back with the way he was eating me out. "You need to slow down, baby!" 

"Don't you fucking tell me what to do!" He warned before he dove back into my wetness.

I didn't know what was happening but I loved it! I'm use to him dominating me but not verbally. I definitely wanted to cum in that instant more than ever. "I'm going to cum!" 

"Don't you dare!" 

"But I can't hold back baby!"

"Don't you fucking dare!"

"But.." My moans were high pitched, almost screams. "I'm going to cum!" I gripped his hair tightly as my orgasm violently ripped through my body, my hips bucked, my chest rapidly rose and fell and I screamed as I came.

Tyler kept his fingers in me but stop moving them but his tongue never stopped its flicking. My body kept going through violent orgasm after orgasm until finally he stopped and my orgasms subsided. My body shivered, he looked at me as my screams turned into whimpers. 

"Didn't I tell you not to cum until I told you to?" His voice was low and his face stern. "Get on your fucking hands and knees, NOW!"

"Yes sir!" I didn't think twice, that was hot, so fucking hot! I obeyed and got on my hands and knees. Immediately his hand smacked my ass harder than he has all day that made me cry out slightly. 

"You're a bad girl that doesn't do what she's told! Do you know what happens to bad girls who can't obey the rules?

I was on my hands and knees, he knelt behind me when I felt a hand grab my hair and jerked my head back, " Look at me when I'm talking to you!" He pulled my hair so hard that he pulled my body up against him and I felt his hard member pressed against my ass cheek.

My body wanted to cum right there and then again just from hearing him talk like that to me. 

"Do you know what happens to bad girls like you?" He asked again.

"Yes..." I tried not to grin.

"Yes what?" 

"Yes Sir!"

"Good girl! Now tell me, what happens to naughty girls? 

"They get punished?" I softly said.

He looked at me as if I was forgetting something as he pealed my thong off of me.

"Sir!" I blurted out.

"Exactly, they get punished!" He said as he gripped my waist tightly with both hands and drove his cock deep in my pussy. My juices coated his cock as he buried it in my dripping wet pussy, then started slamming in and out of me.

I bit into the pillow and screamed loudly into it as Tyler dominated my body. He reached around to rub my already sensitive clit making me shake. Occasionally spanking me as he fucked my pussy. 

"How's that baby? I don't hear you giggling now?!" He taunted playfully as I screamed into the pillow, scream after scream! He moved his hand up from my clit and reached up to grab my hair, pulling my head back. As he fucked me harder and harder, he pulled my head back further and further til my back was arched and he had full control of my body. 

"I think It's time for the real punishment!" He smirked as he slid out of me. 

"What on earth was he talking about?" I asked myself as I tried to breathe evenly, still whimpering a bit into the pillow.

"Keep that ass up in the air baby!" He demanded as he dug through the bag with the sex stuff.

A few seconds later I felt him against me again. This time his hand reached to apply what felt like lube but to the wrong place.

I immediately protested as I repositioned myself slightly different, "Hey! This isn't one of those things you can just surprise a girl with! Not to mention its been quite some times since I've had a dick there!"

"Shut up!" He said sternly as he grabbed my hips and pulled me back in place, "This is a punishment remember?"

"Ty!" I screamed.

"We have a safe word, I know you'll use it if you don't want something!" He said softly with a smirk.

I couldn't say I didn't want it, I was so turned on that I'd let him do whatever he wanted. After a few mind of my silence, he spoke, "I thought so!"

He lubed us up again while I mentally prepared for what was about to happen. I felt the tip of his cock press slightly against my tight asshole. I gasped as I felt him press against me. I kept reminding myself to relax so that it wouldn't hurt too bad.

He was slow and gently about it. He kept pushing his cock against me slowly. I whimpered a little as the head of his cock slowly made its way in me. I gasped loudly and the breath was taken out of me when I felt the entire head slip in, my ass now trying to get use to him. He slowly and gently thrusted in and out working inch by inch inside of me.

"You ok baby?" 

"Mhmm" was all I could get out. He pulled almost out then held himself still for a bit so I could get use to him then with one slow but forceful thrust, he slid the entire length of his shaft in then held it for a bit. I cried out loudly as he did this. 

He slowly pumped in and out of me just so I could get used to him. His grunts were low with every thrust of his hips they got higher and higher. I don't remember hearing him ever moan like that. 

"Baby, you're ass feels amazing!" He moaned.

I reached down to feel my wetness while he ass fucked me, I couldn't believe how wet this had made me. I never thought anal could turn me on so much. The feeling of him sliding in and out of my ass was driving me crazy. 

I don't remember it ever feeling this way with Kyle when I first tried Anal. Tyler was gentle, he gripped my waist as he slowly slid his cock in and out of me.

I felt soreness mixed with an overwhelming sensation that I just couldn't describe, it was almost too much. My fingers moved to my clit and with just one touch of my clit, I felt myself instantly on the verge of orgasm. 

"Tyler I'm going to cum!" I cried out. 

"Me too baby, I'm going to cum deep in this ass." 

I gripped onto the top of the headboard as Tyler started going a little faster now. "I'm going to cum baby!" 

My moans were higher and louder. Tyler wrapped his hands around my neck and started pulling me onto his cock. This made my body instantly tense up as I wrapped tightly around his shaft and my hips bucked as my orgasm came ripping through my body. It sent wave after wave of pleasure through me.

He grabbed onto my hips, his fingers digging into my skin, pulling me against him as close as he could as he pumped his load into me. I've never heard him moan like that before.

He got off of me and fell onto the bed. I didn't move an inch. We both looked at each other with a smile. I did enjoy that but its probably not going to happen for a long time again. 

Bright and early the next morning, I was up and packing. We were going camping for a few days. We had gathered everything we possibly needed. We got all packed up in Tyler and Josh's truck and eight of us were on the road. 

It was a beautiful day, or at least my version of beautiful, It was cloudy, the sky was grey, No rain, no sun, just perfect 76 degree weather and a four hour drive. Tyler's grandma had 250 acres of land that was currently nothing but woods and a lake on the property. 

His uncle, Troy, cleared a spot for a camp ground and put a camper on the spot and always kept the lake filled with fishes. Troy visited ever so often but he gave us full permission to use anything there we needed.

We were all packed up for fishing, crabbing, shooting in the woods and of course s'mores! 

We got there around noon and set up our tents then the boys were gone to adventure. Gabby was one of Tyler's friend's girlfriend, she and I stayed at camp and shared a couple beers and gossiped.

It was getting awfully late and the guys hadn't returned so we started up the coal grill and started some hotdogs. A few minutes later in came the guys. "Well, what do we have here?" Danny commented.

"Just like you guys to crawl out of your holes when you smell food!" I joked.

We spent the rest of the night around the fire, making s'mores and chatting. I had a few too many beers and decided to call it a night. It wasn't to long after that Tyler joined me. 

Rain came beating down on our flimsy tents, forcing everyone to turn in for the night. Tyler was still, his body relaxed and he drifted off to sleep but was suddenly awoken as I slid my hand past the waistband of his shorts. 

He opened his right eye slightly to look at my grinning face, "What do you want from me, you little drunk devil, huh? He joked.

As the lightening stroke, he saw the seductive smile on my face. 

He rolled on his side to face me, brushed my jaw line with his thumb before saying, "You're a naughty thing aren't you? You want me inside of you while all of our friends are asleep in their tents just inches away from us?" 

I let out a small moan and smiled. 

"Huh, Tell me want you want!" Tyler demanded as he placed small kisses up and down my neck.

"I want to suck your cock!" I whispered with a smile. 

"Oh do you now? Well who am I to deny a pretty girl of something she wants to do?!" He joked and he pulled his pants and boxers off. 

I crawled down between his legs. His fully hard erection stood at attention in front of me. I placed one hand on his hard on and brought my lips to it, kissed the head and down the side of his cock. His breathing got heavier; I loved teasing him! I licked the underside of his shaft from the base all the way to the tip causing him to moan a little. Then suddenly, took the full length of him in my mouth. His mouth opened wide and his head shot back as he felt her warm wet mouth on his member.

I bobbed my head up and down, sliding my lips up and down his length. I drove him wild. He grabbed my head in his hands and thrusted his hips, thrusting his cock into my mouth as he held my head still. 

" Oh baby, I need your pussy!" He moaned, "get on your hands and knees for me!"

I maneuvered my short and panties off and got on my hands and knees. Tyler waisted no time as he drove his length into my already wet pussy. 

He gripped my waist and pumped in and out. It was so hot knowing our friends were asleep just a few feet away from us. The thunder and lightning, his slow thrusts, trying to silence my moans, were all bringing me closer to orgasm. 

"Ride me babe!" He whispered in my hear as he slid out and got on his back. 

I got on top of him and slid my pussy down on to his cock, I leaned into him and kissed him, "I'm so close baby!"

I slid my hands under his shirt to feel his chest as I worked my pussy up and down his shaft slowly. He wrapped his arms around the small of my back and held me close as I bounced my hips up and down. My lips pressed together tightly trying to stop myself from moaning.

"I'm going to cum baby!" I whisper as my pussy squeezed tightly around his shaft then rapidly contracting as my body orgasmed. I kissed him hard and passionately trying to muffle my excitement. 

I climbed off of his and made my way down between his legs again. I immediately took him in my mouth, one hand wrapped around the base of his cock and my lips wrapped around the head and the both worked in unison until I heard him whisper, "I'm coming!"

I continued to jerk his cock, squeezing every last drop of cum into my mouth before I swallowed. 

"Baby!" He moaned.

I slipped my shorts and panties back on before laying next to him. 

"Why'd you do that?" He smiled.

"What, you didn't like it?" I whispered, "C'mon use that big brain of yours, there no convenient way for me to wash up if I let you do what you wanted to do!"

"Okay, okay but you know now you don't get any kisses!" He laughed.

"Oh I don't?" I smirked as I jumped on him trying to kiss him.

His strong arms pushed me back on to my back, "You keep that mouth away from me missy! I mean it!" 

I laid quietly and glared at him. 

"When are you going to tell your mom?" He asked.

"Really?!? That's what's on your mind right after what I just did to you?!" I complained.

"I'm sorry, you know I hate lying to your mom like this. There's no reason for us to be sneaking around anymore, Brad was our biggest concern and he's fine with us." He reasoned.

"You're right, I'll talk to her as soon as we get back home!"