 My brother's best mate Elliot, is a mountain of a man. He works out every single day and has arm muscles that even Dwayne Johnson would be proud of. Needless to say, i've had a thing for him since I was in high school. Me being a curvy size 16, I have never had the balls to try anything with him. I'm now 21 and I still wouldn't mind having a crack at him, but I have always thought that a guy like that would never give me the time of day.

I only live a couple of houses away from my brother, not by choice, and see him every few days so he can eat me out of house and home. Sometimes Elliot comes with him and we lounge around and watch a movie or have a few drinks. 

This one afternoon started just like that. 

My brother and Elliot came over for some reason or other and we ended up knocking back a few beers. I'm pretty lightweight when it comes to drinking so I was a little tipsy after only a few. The liquid courage must have kicked in because I started finding excuses to touch Elliot's shoulders and back.

He didn't seem to upset by that so I started resting my hand on him for longer periods of time. My brother, who was outdrinking us 2:1, hadn't noticed my excessive handling and was ready to hit the clubs. He asked me if I wanted to tag along with them but I declined the offer to go out and called them a taxi. Ten minutes later, they were gone.

Well that was the end of my fun and games.

I ended up calling it a night and washed my hair, showered and shaved my legs (which took me around an hour). After that I changed into my shorts and tank top and was finally ready to go to bed. Just before I turned in for the night, there was a knock at the door. Ten buck's says my stupid brother has lost his keys again and wants my spare set to get it, I thought to myself.

I opened the door ready to give him an earful. 

My voice died in my throat. 

Elliot!

I didn't even have time to say hello before his mouth came crashing down over mine. His body pressed into me and all my senses were in overload. 

His hands were on my back, kneading my muscles, pushing me even closer to him. His hands were huge and rough, like he has been working outdoors for years. His body was so strong... so big. I felt like a child next to him. My hands curled around his neck, clinging to him. I was afraid he would come to his senses and push me away. 

One of his hands glided from around my back to my stomach, diving under the hem of my top to my bare skin. His fingers left a trail of hot flesh every time they inched up my abdomen. His hands came to the swell of my breast. I panicked and placed my hand over his, stopping him going any further. Like I said, i'm not the skinniest or most experienced woman in the world and have quite a few hang ups because of that. 

He must have felt my apprehension and pulled away enough so his forehead and mine were touching.

"Do you know how long I have wanted to do this?" He said to me. 

"Ever since I first met you, I have thought about what it would be like to be inside of you, to fuck you". 

I practically had a puddle in my panties at this remark.

He kissed me again. Harder than before. He placed his hands on either side of my waist and lifted me up onto the closest counter like I weighed nothing. He parted my knees and moved in to press his body to mine again. I could feel his erection straining against my shorts and underwear. His hand resumed its climb to my breasts and this time I didn't stop you. He pinched my nipples, forcing me to arch my back in both pain and pleasure. He moved his hand away and peeled my top off over my shoulders. I was half naked and started to feel embarrassed, trying to cover myself with my hands. 

"Don't do that" he said, pulling my hands away. "You are beautiful."

He kissed me again, making a trail down my jaw to my chest. His mouth found my nipple and he licked and teased until I gasped. My hips moved against him and he groan deeply. I couldn't even think straight anymore, all I could think of was his rock hard cock.

He broke away from me for a moment to remove his shirt.

All I could see was muscle. He had a 12 pack, not a 6 pack!

He moved back to me and lifted me off the bench, grabbing my thighs so every step he took caused friction between his cock and my pussy. He threw me on the sofa and laid on top of me. I instinctively opened my legs so he could get as close to me as possible. His hands moved down to the waistband of my pants and continued on over the hem of my panties, down to my lips. I couldn't help it, I gasped. This was so intimate, and so hot. He stroked me through the thin fabric until I was rocking against him. He then tore at my panties to gain full access to me and his fingers started massaging the outside of my pussy lips. I moved my hand to the stiffness in his pants and stroked the length of him. All I wanted was to feel him, naked. So did he it seems and he removed his hands from my cunt and stand up to take his jeans off completely. It only took him a few seconds to rid them and he was back on top of me. His hands were now on my shorts, tugging them and my panties down around my ankles, then off onto the floor. We were both fully naked now as he laid on top of me once again. He position the head of his dick to my dripping wet opening and with one hard thrust, impaled me completely.

I couldn't help a groan escaping my lips. He started pushing in and out, slowly at first, then harder and harder. I had my hand on my clit, rubbing it like a mad woman and an orgasm hit me like a tonne of bricks. He slowed your thrusts and allowed me to get my breathing back. He slipped out of me and turned me so I was flat on my stomach. He entered me again from behind and my eyes rolled back into my head. He felt huge and my pussy was so tight. The friction was amazing. He kept pounding into me for what seemed like a lifetime, sometimes slow, sometimes fast, but always moving. I felt a tingling again, starting from my most sensitive nub, spreading throughout my whole entire body. I couldn't help but to cry out. The whole world went blank for a good 30 seconds as my vagina spasmed around his dick. This triggered his own orgasm and he groaned deeply and shot load after load of cum inside me, as the walls of my vagina kept milking his cock. For a good two minutes or so, we just laid there, our sweaty bodies sandwiched together. His heavy breathing subsided and he slipped out of me and stood up. I looked over my shoulder at him with my hair all tousled and half covering my face. 

"Holy shit." He said. "That was fucking amazing!"

I nodded, "and just a little unexpected."

He was about to speak again when we heard a knock on the door.

"Hey sis, you awake? You up? Hello?"

Fuck, thats my brother!

I got dressed as quickly as I could and pushed Elliot out of my bedroom window, half dressed might I add. I composed myself as much as possible and opened the door.

"Can I get my spare set of keys, I gave mine to Elliot and he hasn't come back. The bastard must've gotten lucky and hasn't come back to the house yet."

Ohh brother of mine, you have no idea!