 Chapter 1 has been edited for grammatical errors just fyi.

I took a little different approach with this one, I put in a little more story about their lives. Let me know if you want more like this or let me know if you dont care about that and just want them to fuck! Lol

Much thanks to everyone for the tremendous support and thank you my regular readers! 

********

"But you two grew up so close!" My mom expressed her thoughts of our relationship, "I can't help but feel like its a little wrong!"

"Mom, it's really not! You hear of stories about childhood friends falling in love all the time! This is no different!" I reasoned.

"He is your brother's best friend, not yours!" 

"Mom! Stop being so old time-y! We're not in the stone age anymore!" 

"I know but I can't help it, I practically raised him!"

"Well moma, think of it this way.." a smile crept across my face as I argued a great point, "...you practically raised him! That means you thought him how to be the perfect gentleman and how to treat a lady!"

"Yea, so?" She looked confused.

"Well isn't that what you want for your daughter? A gentleman that knows how to treat her right?"

"Hmmm..." she glared at me, defeated, knowing I had the better argument. 

"Come here!" She smiled as she opened her arms wide to hug me, "As long as you are happy!"

I scooted closer to her on the sofa and gave her a big hug just as the back door opened and a few mins later in walked Tyler, "Well speak of the devil.."

"Tyler!?!?" Mom said sternly as she stood to walk half way over to him, "I've got a bone to pick with you!"

"I swear, it wasn't me!" He smirked as he recited his age old defense.

Mom crossed her arms and stood in front of him just to intimidate him.

"Just so that I'm clear, what am I not guilty of?" He asked curiously.

She smiled and embraced him in a hug, "Dating my daughter!"

He hugged her back as he sighed, "Oh, I'm so glad Katie finally told you!"

"I am too because I would have died waiting for you to grow a pair big enough to tell me!" She joked with Tyler as she walked out of the living room and off to the store.

He smiled, so charmingly and sat next to me on the couch, "Thanks for finally telling her!" 

"Mhm!" I nodded and leaned in for a kiss. 

"So you know how you love a well lit, well decorated house for Christmas but you guys don't really do it much since your dad passed?"

"Yes, but Christmas isn't for months from now!" I look at him skeptically.

" I know, I just figured since you're mom will be on a cruise this year that you might want to spend Christmas with me?" His hopeful grin beamed across his face.

"Of course I'll spend Christmas with you!" I kissed him on the cheek softly.

*Four Months Later*

"Can I take this blindfold off yet!" I complained.

"No! Tyler yelled as he walked me over to the middle of his apartment. 

He started undoing the blindfold, "Now you can open your eyes!"

I opened my eyes to a beautifully decorated apartment with a gorgeous fully decorated tree, lights, garlands and decorations everywhere and the fireplace going. He had spread a few blankets in front of the fireplace with pillows, our love nest, as he called it. Next to our nest was wine, two glasses and an assortment of cheeses, meats, apples and crackers. 

"Wow, Ty!" I was in awe.

He grinned, knowing he achieved what he had set out to do.

"Just wanted to do my best for my best girl on Christmas Eve!" He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my forehead. 

We laid in front of the fire all night sipping wine and snacking. I had a few glasses of wine and started feeling tipsy. Tyler was laying on his back and I laid on my right side, my left leg draped over him and my head laid in his chest.

I was maybe about 10:30 if not 11pm when there was a knock on the door. "Who's that at this time of night?" I asked, "Just ignore them, they'll think you're sleeping!"

"No, it will just be a few minutes, let me get it." Tyler insisted.

I rolled over on my stomach and poured myself another glass of wine as Tyler walked around the short hall way to get the door. 

"Wow, Beth, what are you doing here?"

"Hey you, I just wanted to bring by these cookies and wish you a Merry Christmas!" I heard the voice of some blonde bimbo. 

"Oh, umm thanks, you shouldn't have!" Tyler responded nervously.

"Well I wanted to! Looks like you decorated a bit." She flirted.

"Well that was very nice of you and yes I have a few tricks up my sleeve!" Tyler responded, almost flirting back. 

With the liquid courage, I started getting myself off the floor to confront his bitch.

"Well, aren't you going to let me in?" Her stupid voice resonated. 

"Umm, I'm sorry, I have comp-" Tyler was cut off as I approached.

"We're kind of in the middle of something so how about you go away?" I hissed.

"Katie, c'mon don't be rude!" Tyler sounded upset. 

"Really Tyler?!?" I stormed off into the living room.

"I think you should go, Beth!" Tyler passed the tin of cookies back to her and shut the door.

"What the hell's wrong with you?!" Tyler asked angrily.

"Are you kidding me? Some girl shows up at your apartment at 11pm on Christmas Eve and is obliviously trying to fuck you and you ask what's wrong with me?!?" 

"Kay, your overreacting, calm down!" He spoke, "I hooked up with her in the past but I swear I haven't seen her in months if not more than a year. I obliviously don't want her, I have a girlfriend!"

"Well you know what Ty, from the way you were flirting with her, she couldn't tell that you had a girlfriend!" I shouted as I started gathering my things to leave, "If some guy came to my door at this hour and flirted with me like that, you would have punched him out."

"Katie, come on, don't leave!" He tried to stop me.

"Just leave me be Tyler!"

"Look, you're drunk, I'm not letting you drive, let me at least drive you home." He pleaded.

"Fine, but I'm not talking to you on the way there!"

I was silent the entire ride home, finally calmed down and couldn't help but think I did overreact. Maybe I should just give him the benefit of the doubt and say he was getting to the point of telling her about his girlfriend but I jumped the gun. But who was this bitch to just show up that late at night and expect to be invited in? All these thoughts going through my head as Tyler pulled into the driveway. I sat in silence for a moment in the truck not saying anything.

Tyler jumped out and came around to open my door. A single tear rolled down my cheek as I saw him. 

He opened the door and the garage light caught my face, "Baby, I'm so sorry, please don't cry!" He cupped my face in his hands and brushed the tear away with his thumb, " I should have handled that a lot better and set her straight, I'm sorry I made you upset!" He pulled me into a hug, cradling my head into his chest.

I wanted to be mad but he was just so damn sweet. I hugged him back, "I'm sorry too, I shouldn't have overreacted like that!"

He kissed my forehead, "Let's get you inside; It's cold out here!" 

He helped bring my few things in and hugged me again.

"How about you spend the night?" I looked up at him hoping he would want to.

"Of course I will babe, even though you're fucking nuts!" He joked referring to my overreacting earlier.

As we laid in bed cuddling, I couldn't help but think about how stupid and petty the whole thing was then I started thinking, he did all of that for me knowing what Christmas was like for me growing up and I knew nothing about how he spent his Holidays. I knew he had a tough upbringing but I'm sure if it was anytime that his family would come together it would be around the holiday time.

"What was Christmas like for you?" I asked with caution.

"Umm just Typical I guess..." he struggled.

"What does typical mean? Did you guys decorate? Did you have a tree? Did you have any family traditions?" Completely misreading his earlier response.

"Sure.. if by family tradition you mean my dad coming home drunk on Christmas eve, cussing and yelling at us then storming out leaving me to wonder if he was dead or alive all night 'till Christmas morning, then yes!" He said oddly calm but sarcastically. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry hun, it was stupid of me to ask, I should have known!" I apologized.

"No, no, I'm sorry Kay, you were little when all of this was happening, you were too young to understand it and I never did open up to you about it so I can't expect that you'd know. Besides, I feel like thats a normal question people ask each other when they're dating. I shouldn't have been snappy, ask anything you want and I'll be open and honest and not sarcastic! I promise!"

What could I possibly want to ask him after that! I felt horrible, Christmas must be a terrible time for him and I've just been selfish all night.

We were silent for a few minutes, he caught onto my hesitation to ask any further questions.

"It started when my mom and dad got back together when I was 8. At first, it was just heckling, name calling the occasional shove but then my mom lost her job when I was 10 and we had to move in with my grandmother down the street from you guys. That when I made friends with Brad and his cutie little sister. Shortly after we moved in, grandma died and my mom inherited the house. Mom couldn't find another job forcing dad to take up two jobs, thats when the abuse started."

"Ty-" I was cut off.

"Its ok, I'm fine talking about it." He reassured me, "He started drinking heavily and would come home and yell at us for no reason but then one night he took a swing at mom but I wasn't having it. I intervened; he didn't like that at all. I was just a scrawny little kid. I couldn't do much to protect either one of us and thats when he started beating up on me, all because I stood up for my mom."

I got closer to him, cuddling him and offering what ever kind of support I could.

"It would happen at least every other week, I'd take my beating, he'd lock me in my room then I'd climb down the lattice and come sleep at your house. We didn't have any family close by, my grandma was the only one until my uncle had moved here and opened that bike shop, I spent lots of late nights working there just to get away from home when I was 16. He had his own gym area built into his upstairs office and thats where I got ripped!" Flexing his arms as he said that, lightening the mood.

"I got home late one night and dad was asleep in the armchair in the living room. He awoke from the noises of me coming in and the front door shutting and of course he started his routine. Hollering and screaming, he tightened his fist and threatened me and that's when I had had enough. I punched him so hard and fast, I didn't realize what I was doing until it was done. It felt so good! I knocked that mother fucker out cold. The next day, all my belongings were on the front lawn and that was when I moved in with you guys!"

"I haven't been back home since, I finished school on my own, I worked with my uncle and earned my own money, put myself through trade school and the only other person I can thank is your Mom, she was always there for me, she believed in me and she took me in without even thinking about it!"

"Babe, you're such an amazing guy, I'm sorry you had to go through all of that!"

"Kay, I wanted to tell you so that you'd know everything about me, I know a great deal about you but we never talked about my up bringing. I just wanted you to know and not have to tiptoe around it."

"Why didn't my mom call child services?" I asked, "Why didn't your mom call child services?!"

"I begged your mom not to and my mom knew better than to call child service on him. He would have just started beating my mom and I didn't want that. Besides I would have been taken away I'm pretty sure."

"Why didn't your mom leave him?"

"She was broke, she had no job and no means of supporting herself and that house so she stuck with him."

"I'm angry because your mom should have been able to protect you."

"I know, I feel the same way thats why I haven't called or visited her in years. She tries to get in contact with me, she says she wants to patch things up but she didn't care about me, she didn't stick up for me, she did nothing to protect me. What kind of mother is that?!?"

"Having lunch with her wouldn't hurt!"

"Maybe one day.."

I cuddle him as we continued to talk and soon drifted off to sleep.

The next morning I awoke to Tyler starring at me. 

"Good Morning, Creep!" I smiled at him.

"Merry Christmas!" He kissed me on the forehead.

"I'm really sorry about last night!" I started to say when I was shushed by Ty.

"No, listen!" I continued, "You put so much effort into last night and I just ruined it! I realized how hard it must have been for you to try to do all of that stuff when you hated the holidays because of your dad but you knew I loved it so you fought pasted all the feelings and did all of that for me! I feel awful!"

"You don't have to apologize again babe, its behind us now, how about you spend less time talking and more time making it up to me?" He smirked as he took my hand to his hard on poking through his boxers.

"No! We have to get going! We have way too many stops to make!

"C'mon, I did all of that last night and got no lovin'!" He smirked.

I turned on my side to look at him. "You horn-dog! Is there ever a time you're not horny?" I grinned as I started massaging him through his boxers.

"I could say the same about you!" He pulled my face to his, kissing me softly as I pulled his cock out of the opening in his boxers and started stroking him, slowly sliding my hand up and down the length of his shaft. Low moans escaped him.

He reached a hand down to rub my clit through my panties as we continued to make out. I was instantly wet!

I kissed him more passionately as he continued to rub my clit, I continued to stroke his cock nice and slow, our paces matching. He brushed his tongue against my bottom lip, asking for entrance. My lips parted and his tongue slid in against mine. I moaned softly as we kissed.

I smiled and pulled away from him, "Time to get ready!" I said before running off to the shower.

"Oh, you bitch! You're such a tease!" 

"How dare you call your girl a bitch and expect to get booty?!?" I jokingly yelled from the bathroom.

I stripped down and got into the hot shower, it wasn't too long after I hear the bathroom door knob. 

"Really?!? You locked me out!" He complained.

I laughed knowing exactly that he would try to sneak in while I was showering. I finished up and got changed. Then off to his place where he hot showered and changed while I cleaned up his living room from the night before. 

We made all our stops then landed up at Brad's where all their friends gathered every year. Did I really want to be there? No, I knew I was going to get asked a million questions and get heckled since it was the first time I would see everyone since the beach house.

However, to my surprise, It wasn't too bad. They were being decent humans. That is until they were drunk but it was ok because I was too!

I escaped to the kitchen one point in the evening to grab a glass of water when Brad came in. He wrapped his arms around me in a hug, "You grew up to fast!" He claimed.

"Oh Brad, stop it!" I hit his chest as we separated from our embrace, "I'm not that little helpless girl anymore!" 

"I know, I just felt like after dad passed I just had to be both for you." He sighed.

I hugged him again, burying my face in his shirt, silently." I had been trying all day not to think about my dad but Brad just brought through the emotions I had been trying to suppress.

"I miss him too squirt, especially around this time. It was his favorite holiday!" He held me close allowing me to my feelings.

"Anyway," He started, " I'm about to let everyone know but I wanted to let you know first, Stephanie and I are getting divorced." 

I looked up at him sympathetically, "Brad, I'm sorry!" 

"Don't be! I'm not! I rushed into things with her and went about it all wrong! She never really loved me the way I loved her and I'm not willing to stay in misery on the chance that she might love me like that one day!" He calmly stated.

"As long as you're happy, then I'm happy and you know I'll have your back through it all!" 

"Speaking about happy, are you happy with Tyler? Is he treating you ok?" He asked.

"Yes, I am!" I smiled.

"Good! Or else I'd have to kick his ass!" He laughed!

"Hey! I can fight my own battles!" I laughed.

"Oh hey!" I suddenly remembered, "Do you know a Beth?" 

"Oh God! She's a fucking psycho!" He cringed.

"Yea?" I looked at him obviously wanting to know more.

"I hooked up with her once and so did Josh and so did Andy and..."

"Tyler?" I asked

He hesitated.

"Don't worry, I know he did and 'bro code' doesn't apply when its your sister involved!" I joked.

"Yes and Tyler so you can tell what kind of girl she is. Why, what happened?" He inquired.

"She showed up at his apartment lastnight at 11 pm with cookies!"

"Yea, she psycho! She'll do that kind of stuff, especially when she knows you're dating, she would text me weird sexual stuff in the middle of the night after Steph and I got married."

"Hmm, you guys really do share everything don't you? Even one night stands?" I shook my head thinking of how many of these guys she screwed.

As the night came to an end, we decided we were all too drunk to drive so we all stayed at Brad's. We had the guest room where it all started.

"You know what happened in here right?" Tyler reminded. 

"Of course I do!" I smiled.

"You know we have to do a repeat!" He smirked then moved in to kiss me. 

Just at that moment, there was a knock on the door, "Katie, can I borrow you for a minute?" One of the guy's girlfriends came knocking.

I walked out into the hall and shut the door behind me. After two minutes, I returned. Tyler was snoring! 

The next morning I was awoken to soft kisses on my neck. 

"Good morning!" I smiled.

"What happened last night?"

"You fell asleep, Ty!" I laughed

"Why didn't you wake me up? I've been trying to fuck you for days now!" He sighed.

I laughed, "Well seems like you're going to have to wait some more, at least until we get home! Its 11am, everyone is probably already awake."

"Why are you punishing me?!?" He dramatically stated.

I giggled as I got up and headed downstairs. After having breakfast with everyone, we headed back to Tyler's place. 

On the short ride back to Tyler's, I decided to have some fun. I scooted to the middle seat of the truck right next to him, "What are you doing?" He enquired.

"I just wanted to be closer to you is all!" I smirked.

As he continued to drive, I moved my hand to rest on his thigh. It then moved up to rest on his crotch. He looked down at my hand and then to me but didn't say anything. I continued to gently massage his penis through his jean but the material of his jeans was just too thick. I had to get in there if I wanted to tease him good.

I slightly turned to him and using both hands, I unbuttoned his pants and unzipped it. I loved that these boxer briefs had these little openings in the front, it was genius! All to efficiently tease him. I pulled his semi hard member through and slowly stroked him, watching him grow in my hands.

I continued to stroke him nice and slow, Tyler didn't speak a word the entire time, he knew exactly what I was doing.

He removed his right hand from the steering wheel to place it on my thigh, steering with just his left hand. I reposition myself, leaning down to him, my lips met his cock. I placed soft kisses on it, teasing him more. I swirled my tongue around the head of his cock before taking him in my mouth. I slowly worked inch by inch of him in my mouth. 
