 "What the hell happened with Stephanie's cousin last night?" Brad asked upset.

"Did you not know he was the guy that broke Katie's heart her first year in college?" Tyler replied, "How could you set her up with a scumbag like that?"

"Oh, I didn't know you guys knew each other." Brad looked confused.

"We dated briefly in college then I learnt that he was a man whore!" I explained to Brad.

"Did he cheat on you Kay?" Brad inquired. I nod in response and he apologized for trying to set me up with Kyle. 

He then turned to Tyler, "Why were you guys gone for so long last night?"

"Well um, she was really upset about the whole thing and really needed someone to talk to." Tyler quickly blurted out.

"I knew I could always count on you, bud!" Brad gave Tyler a pat on the shoulder before walking off. 

Tyler and I both turned to each other, relieved that he didn't suspected a thing and we intended to keep it that way. 

The three of us went to lunch then all went our separate ways. Since then, Tyler and I spoke on the phone a few times which I hated! He would always get me so hot and bothered and being 3 hours away, there was very little I could do.

It was the evening of Brad's rehearsal dinner. I was driving down with just enough time to get there for the dinner. I was wearing a gorgeous, mint-colored, semi-formal party dress. It was strapless, had rhinestones going across the waistline and stopped about 2-3 inches above my knees. I picked this dress out with Tyler in mind, knowing he is going to love it!

I pulled in, parking next to Tyler's shiny black bike. Walking in I greeted a few family members and some friends before finding my assigned seat next to my mom. She hugged and kissed me.

"Sweetie, I hope we're not mad but I told your aunt Nancy and uncle Phil that they could have your room tonight." She said right off the bat.

"That's fine, I'll just sleep with you!" I smiled taking my seat.

"Well, Jack is staying the night." Jack was her on and off boyfriend.

"The couch-" 

She cut me off before I finished, "I was asking your brother if he had room for you when Ty offered to have you stay with him!"

"Oh?" I tried desperately to hide my excitement and the smile that was trying to creep onto my face.

"He just moved into this gorgeous 2-bedroom apartment! He doesn't mind having you sleepover and your brother thought it would be a great idea!" she said, clueless as to his hidden agenda.

"I guess it's settled then." I smiled in agreement.

As the night progressed I couldn't help glancing at Tyler ever so often. He was sitting with all the other groomsmen. I caught him staring back a few times.

I felt my phone vibrating on the table. I picked it up to see a text from Tyler. It read, "Restroom in 5?"

I responded, "You can't wait till later? I just found out I'm rooming with you! We'll have plenty of privacy!"

"You look so Sexy! You have no idea how much you're torturing me!" He replied 

"I believe in you, exercise your self-control!" I included a tease face.

My mom gently tapped my hand causing me to jump. "Don't be rude, put your phone away!"

I glanced over to Tyler, he laughs at me. The rehearsal dinner finally comes to an end. The restaurant where we were at had a beautiful fountain in front of it and the photographer decided he wanted to take pictures there with the families and bridal party. We spent another hour there just taking pictures.

As everyone was getting ready to head out, I walked up to Tyler, "I'll follow you back to your place?"

He looked at me almost frustrated, "You'll have to let the GPS take you there, I won't be home till much later."

"You get me for one night, at your apartment and you're ditching me? Ouch!" I joked.

"The guys are all going back to Brads to hang out, I kind of have to be there, I am the best man after all." 

"Alright, your loss!" I looked up at him, licking my lips as I handed him my phone. "Punch your address in."

He handed me a key and the phone with the address plugged in and ready to go. He leaned in to hug me and whispered in my ear, "You just wait till I get home, I'll have no mercy on this pretty little body!"

His words made me instantly weak! I wanted him so badly! I hated being around him for this long and still having to wait more. The sexual tension between us at this point was unbearable!

I broke away from his hug and smiled before turning to walk to my car, "Be safe!" I heard him say from a distance. 

Getting to his apartment, I dropped everything on the floor and started to get undressed as I walked in. I took my shoes off and then my dress. I walked into the bathroom, I notice the full-length mirror against the wall. A smile crept across my face as an idea popped into my head.

I headed back into my bag, getting my phone and makeup bag. I reapplied my fuchsia pink lipstick and applied some heavy eyeliner and mascara. I'm in nothing but a black lace boy shorts and my black strapless bra. I let my hair down and looked seductively into the mirror. 

I took several snaps of myself before shuffling through, finding the best one and sending it to Tyler. I figured that I'll have some fun messing with him until he gets here. I turned the water on to fill the tub and continued to remove the rest of my clothes.

Looking through his cabinets, I found some bubble bath and added it in. I removed my makeup and tied my hair back then got in. Tilting my head back, I put some music on my phone and began to relax. 

A text came through from Tyler, "You just wait till I get there!" He warned.

I took another picture, one of my legs crossed over each other, just above the bubbles in the tub and sent it to him, "I'm patiently waiting."

"Don't have too much fun in there!" He responded. 

I closed my eyes and continued to relax in the tub. The thought of Tyler 's body on top of mine was starting to turn me on. I couldn't stop thinking about the last time. Oh, how I wanted him again!

My hand traveled down my stomach and to my already wet pussy. Thinking about fucking him was making me so, so horny. Soft moans escaped my lips as I continued to touch myself.

My other hand moved across my chest and I started to play with my nipples. I continued to rub my clit, fantasizing about Tyler touching me. I started sliding two fingers into my wet pussy, slowly starting to pump them in and out. "Mm yes," I moaned.

My phone vibrated again pulling me back to reality, "I'll be there in about an hour and 30 mins!" 

"Fuck, I don't want to wait that long!" I thought to myself after reading his message.

I replied, "OK!" 

I figured I'd finish up getting clean and then head into the bedroom to finish having my fun. 

I dried off, going to my bag, I pulled out a pair of panties, just regular boy shorts for sleeping and a tank top. I got dressed and headed toward the bedroom. 

I opened the first bedroom door and discovered it was the guest room, "As if I'm going to sleep in here!" I smiled to myself and headed for the other bedroom. To my surprise, it was well decorated and very tidy. This didn't seem like Tyler at all! 

I got in bed, one hand moved back down, sliding into my panties to continue what it started in the bathroom but I had to start all over. I slowly rubbed circles around my clit, imagining it was Tyler touching me. It didn't take very long till I was wet again. 

I was lying on my back, knees bent and slightly apart, my hand in my panties. I smiled, "Time for another tease," I told myself before grabbing my phone again. I took a picture of my lower half with my hands in my panties and sent it to Tyler. 

"I'm afraid you won't get here in time!" 

I awaited his response as I continued to play with my pussy.

My phone vibrated and to my surprise I got a picture back. I opened it up to a very erect 8 inches on my screen in what looked to be the downstairs bathroom of Brad's house.

"This is what you instantly did to me, I had to escape to the bathroom before anyone noticed!"

I couldn't help but laugh at his caption but seeing what I did to him turned me on even more! I couldn't help think about how hot it would be to sneak in that bathroom with him and fuck him while Brad and all their friends were just a few feet away. 

I went back to fingering myself now that my pussy was soaked again. My other hand played with my tits then moved down to rub my clit as I fingered my little pink pussy, all while thinking of fucking Tyler in that bathroom.

I felt my body tense up, my back arched and I gave into an intense orgasm. My tight pussy clamping down on my fingers. "Oh, my god!" I sigh. Breathing deeply, I tried catching my breath. I pulled my fingers out, rolled over on my stomach and quickly fell asleep.

I was later awakened by the feeling of a warm shirtless body crawling on top of me and a few kisses placed on my shoulder, "Hmm?" I smiled, knowing it was Tyler. I could smell his cologne. 

"I've been think about you all night, sexy!" His hand gently rubbed my back. "You have been a very naughty tease!" One hand reached down, firmly grabbing my ass and shaking it. 

He eased off, now I could turn onto my back, my eyes opened slowly. I smiled, guilty of being a tease, "You loved it though!" 

"I loved the thought of being able to come home and have you take care of me." He softly said as he kisses my neck.

"Don't you feel god awful?" I said with my best serious face.

He pulled back, sitting up, straddling my hips then looked down at me confused, "What?"

"My mom trusts that you'd take good care of me and here you are doing this!" I smiled.

"But baby, I am going to take GOOD care of you!" He held my hands in his, "Just not in the way your mom intended!" He looked down at me with such lust in his eyes and smiled devilishly. 

He brought my hands up to his lips and kissed them, keeping my right hand in his, "Hmm smells like someone hand a lot of fun!" Referring to the faint smell of pussy that remained on my fingers. 

I blushed a little bit embarrassed but he seemed to really like the thought of me playing with myself, "Why don't you tell me what you did while I was gone?"

"You know exactly what I did!" My breathing getting heavy.

"You were a bad girl!" He looked at me sternly, "I told you not to have too much fun." He got off of me, giving himself access to my wet pussy. He took one hand and began to rub my pussy through my panties. He felt my warmth.

"Mm!" A soft moan escaped my lips. 

"You like that?" He asked softly.

I nodded and bit my lower lip. His hand swiftly moved into my panties. He could feel how moist I was from my first orgasm mixed with my new wetness from him touching me.

"You couldn't wait huh?" He smiled, "Well I'm going to make you wish you did!"

"You're going to punish me?" I asked

"In the best way I know how," He said before getting between my legs, "I'm going to make you cum so many times, you'll be begging me to stop!"

"Mm please do!" My moans were low and soft. He slowly slid my panties down and off then he spread my legs. The feeling of his warm tongue and light breathing on me drove me fucking insane!

I laid back, now relaxed, putting one leg over his shoulder, Tyler is hold the other, he kept me spread wide for him. He continued to tease me with his tongue, flicking it back and forth over my clit. 

He released his hold on my leg, I looked down at him, he was completely focused on going down on me. He continued to work my clit with his tongue. I felt his fingers against my opening then he slides two in. He began to slide his fingers in and out of me. 

"Mm yes, just like that!" My hand grabbed his hair as my body began feeling overwhelmed with pleasure. "You're going to make me cum!" 

My back arched and my hips began involuntarily grinding against him, now it matched the rhythm of his fingers. My body tensed up as wave after wave of pleasure ripped through me. My knees kept trying to close in but Tyler used his free hand to hold on leg in place. 

My body shook uncontrollably, my chest rapidly expanded, trying to catch my breath. He lifted his head to watch me squirm on the bed but kept his fingers secured in me. 

"You're going to give me a cramp if you keep squeezing my fingers like that!" Tyler teased. 

"Fuck!" I sighed as my body began calming down. Tyler smiled at me then started sliding his fingers in and out again. This time he curled his two fingers upwards and he continued moving his hand, almost in a vibration instead of a pumping motion.

I didn't know exactly what he was doing to me but it sent my body right back to the edge. My moans started back up again and my breathing increased. Using his free hand, he started rubbing my clit with his thumb. He did that for 2-3 minutes before it finally pushed me over the edge and my body became ridged again riding through another orgasm. My body bucked from pleasure. 

He pulled his fingers out and smiled at me, "Wow, I wasn't expecting you to cum that quickly again, you're making this so much fun!"

"Mm, God!" I moaned, my body shook.

"I'm no God but I'll take it as a compliment!" He smirked

"Jerk!" I managed to get out. 

"Do you need a break?" He moved up my body and started kissing me. 

"Why is your pants still on baby?" My hands moved to his belt to undo it and slid this pants off. 

"I didn't want you to get too excited!" He teased. He got his pants and boxers off, his rock-hard cock at attention. He keeled on the bed, his cock in his hand.

"You going to come put your lips on me?" He grinned.

I got on my hands and knees on the bed and crawled over to where he was kneeling. Wasting no time, I took his hard cock in my mouth. I began to pump his cock hungrily in and out of my mouth.

This must have drove him crazy. I felt his hands grab the back of my head and started guiding my head. His moans deepened and I could have told that he was enjoying himself in that moment.

"Fuck baby, I love that mouth! It's so fucking magical!" He breathed. Now he was holding my head still and thrusting his hips back and forth, forcing his cock deep in my mouth.

He thrust his hips hard and I felt his cock hit the back of my throat. He stopped his thrusting and held my head down on his cock. My eye began to water a little before he pulled out. 

"Are you OK babe?" He ensured.

I nodded. Getting up on my knees, I wrapped my arms around his neck. I kissed him deeply. He sat up on the bed, his back pressed up against the headboard and I climbed on top of him. I straddled him, our chests pressed against each other. 

He lifted me by the ass and positions me over his hard cock. He eased me down on his large shaft. I started lifting my hips up and down his length, slowly at first. I loved how every inch of him felt in me. His hands remained on my ass, squeezing. One hand lifted off and then came crashing down on me, spanking me.

"Oh, my fuck!" I moaned out feeling his huge dick stretch me out. One of his hands came up to play with my tits, the other hand wrapped around my waist. He cupped one of my tits in his hand, he leaned in and started playing with my nipple with his tongue. 

I loved how this felt! I would get so hot just with nipple play. I felt his teeth tug against my nipple then he moved to the other, flicking his tongue back and forth over it. He moved up to kiss and suck on my neck. He knew how my neck was a weak spot.

My two orgasms earlier had made me sensitive and I felt myself getting closer and closer already but I didn't make this known to Tyler. He scooted down a little, this allowed him to start thrusting up into me. I leaned forward and placed my hands against his chest, I let him fuck me.

My head tilted backwards and he worked his cock in and out of me. My pussy tightening up around his shaft. He could feel me around him. He knew I was getting close. He smiled knowing he was accomplishing exactly what he set out to do, to make me come multiple times.

"You going to cum all over my cock baby?" His low voice asked.

"Yes baby, yes! I want to cum on that cock!"

In one swift motion, he put me on my back with my legs up on his shoulders. He drove his cock deep inside of me all at once. I scream out, feeling him so deep. He's leaning towards me, my legs almost touching my chest now as he continues to fuck me.

"I'm going to cum baby!" I whisper. His thrusts started slowing down now. He kept a good slow rhythm with his hips, pumping his cock slowly in me. He did this for a few strokes then went back to fucking me fast and hard again. He alternated between these two until my body could no longer handle it.

I cried out as my body released its pleasure, cumming a third time. He stopped his motion but kept his cock in me, giving me time to recover before he slowly started pumping in and out again. 

"Slow down baby!" I plead as my body shook under him.

He chuckled, "Is this when the begging starts?" Stopping his movement and sliding his cock out.

"You just love this, don't you?" I wiggled my way off my back and onto my hands and knees.

"What can I say, I love pleasing you!" I felt the head of his cock slide against my pussy, teasing me.

He pushed down on my shoulder with one hand, pushing my head and shoulders into the pillow. He grabbed a hold of my waist with his other hand as he thrust his cock deep inside of me. "Tyler, give me that cock!"

"Yea, is this what you want?" He drove his cock in and out of me mercilessly, over and over. His fingers pressed into my side as he fucks me from behind. He grabbed a hold of my hair in his fists, pulling hard, using it as leverage to fuck me deeper. He continued to fucking me like this for another 5 or 6 mins.

"Oh Tyler, you're going to make me cum again!" I scream out. He continued plowing my pussy. He pulled my upper body vertical by my hair, my back now against his torso. 

"Cum for me baby!" He moaned in my ear. 

"I'm going to cum!" I screamed out, "Don't stop!"

My pussy contracted around his cock. My body shook, my breathing was heavy, almost gasping. My moans were now high pitch screams and my orgasm crept through me. 

"Tyler!" I screamed his name, my hands gripped his strong forearms as he held my body upright. 

"Fuck baby, I'm going to cum in that tight pussy!" He moaned out, unwrapping his arms from around me, one arm secured a tight grip on the back of my neck pulling me into him with each thick stream he pumped into me. 

We both laid on the bed, completely spent! Finally, our breathing became normal again. He joked, "Thanks to you now all of my neighbors know my name!"