 I woke up in a strange bed. But this was nothing new for me. I'm a trucker, and I'm used to sleeping in strange places like cheap truck stops motels or in my sleeper berth. Now I was laying here trying to figure out where I was. Then it hit me like a hard punch in the gut. 

I knew where I was and what I had done. I had slept with my best friend's wife last night and I was still in her bed. I thought to myself:

"Boy, did I ever fuck up big time last night. I just can't keep my dick in my pants."

I was so disgusted with myself. I couldn't believe it, but I did it. I fucked her. I've wanted her for so long. 

I knew she wanted me too. We couldn't help ourselves. She was so ready, for me. She felt like she was made for me. Oh how wonderful it felt as my pole slid in her warm wet hole. I never wanted to take it out of her. I felt so good in her. I know she liked it, because she came like it was the first time; she was ever made love too. 

I was saying to myself, stop thinking like that. What I did, was wrong. She's not just some tramp I picked in a bar. She's special and my best friend's wife; my mind was running wild. I knew I should have been stronger, and keep my passion for her under control but I couldn't control myself with her; I've wanted her for so long.

My thoughts kept going back to her and how she must feel? I kept thinking she must feel dirty and used like some truck stop whore, or a street corner hooker.

I was saying to myself, Oh Annie, Annie, Annie, how could I have, taken advantage of you? I know I shouldn't have, but I did I just couldn't help myself.

Now I started thinking about Charlie. We were best friend since grammar school, and I betrayed him. I had sex with his wife and ruined our friendship.

My thoughts raced to my wife, OH SHIT, OH SHIT, OH SHIT I thought this going to hurt her so bad. What will make this even worse is that my wife and Annie are friends. When my wife finds out I took advantage of her friend! She will go bug shit and throw me out. 

Who would blame her? 

When my boys find out what I did they will lose all respect for me, and think, their Father is nothing more then a cheat and a scum bag. They won't understand how I feel about this other woman. How could they? That woman is not their Mother.

I was making myself sick. I wanted to throw up, I wanted to die. I wished I could go back, and change what I did. But I couldn't change it.

What was done was done There was no undoing this. What I did to her, and to them. I can't set this right, no matter how hard I try, or what I do.

Annie came into the room. Her hair was pulled back in a pony tail. She looked so sweet and innocent. She had on the same house coat, she wearing last night; now it was tied around her waist.

I could make out the shape of her perky little breasts, her narrow waist, and the curve of her hips. I thought to myself what the hell is wrong with me? I took advantage of her and soiled her. I took the gift from her that she should only give, to the man she loves. 

She was carrying a cup of coffee and a note. My words rushed out of my mouth.

"Annie Please, please," I pleaded, "let me explain, it wasn't your fault, it was all my fault. I'm the one to blame, I'm so sorry about what.... I did to you last night. I shouldn't have...."

She put her finger on my lips to stop me. 

She said, "Have your coffee and read this. Charlie left you a letter and I read it too because it was really for both of us."

I wasn't listening to her. I was still too busy making myself sick.

I asked her, "Where is he? Is he in his room? Does he know what I did to you, last night? Is he mad, or hurt, or both? How else could he be?"

She answered me," No he's not here. I made his coffee, and we had a talk. Then he went on a fishing trip."

Carl, she said, "You're not to blame, you wanted me, and I wanted you, I always wanted you. So no one's at fault and no one's to blame. Calm down now and drink your coffee. You need to read this, then we'll talk."

She handed me the letter as she sat on the bed beside me. With her legs folded under her like an Indian in front of a tepee. 

Her house coat slide between her thighs and all I could think about was how good I felt between her legs, with my organ inside her.

"Carl," she said, "have your coffee, read this and calm down Honey, It's all right."

The Letter

Well, I hope you're happy with yourself now because you finally did it, you S.O.B. you. 

YOU FUCKED MY WIFE!

Was she good for you? Were you good for her Carl, you neurotic fuck. 

By-the-way Annie I know your reading this too, you nosey witch, but thank God that you're not as bad as your Mother - that old Bitch.

First Carl, I feel I have to tell this, I know it's none of my business but I know how miserable and how unhappy you are married to your wife. You've told me about it often enough. She's not going to change. She's a very different person then you are, with different family values. You have strong sexual needs.

You don't understand her family values, and she doesn't understand your sexual needs. These problems aren't going to away, or disappear with time. That's just the way it is. Your wife is a wonderful woman, and you're a great guy.

You two have two fine boys, and I know how much you love them. If you're going to stay with her to see your kids grow up then you need to accept your wife as she is. She already accepts you, as you are. She knows you, and she's not as stupid as you think she is. Your kids are very bright and they don't miss much either. They have a way of understanding things that might surprise you.

Now, YOU FUCKED MY WIFE last night, and you did it very well. I can tell from the way Annie was acting this morning as she made my coffee. Beside that she told me all about it. It was good to see her that happy. I could never make her feel that way, or any woman for that matter.

I could always see the sparks flying between you two. It's easy to see the way you two light up when you see each other. Then you try not to show it to each other. The sexual tension is so thick between you two that you can almost cut it with a knife. 

I didn't think you'd ever give in to your desires, and take her. I have no idea why you haven't taken her along time ago. I was afraid she would stop waiting for you and find someone else to take care of her needs.

I don't really think anyone else could make her as happy as you do. I'm glad you two finally gave in to each other. I want her to be happy and satisfied. I want you both to be happy and satisfied. I know you don't understand that. I really do love her; but like a sister, not as a wife. We fight like brother and sister,and we live together like brother and sister. That's the way we love each other like brother and sister.

Maybe if you learned to love your wife like she was your sister you just might feel better about your life with her.

I have a secret. Annie knows what it is. Maybe you already guessed it, and don't care. But I have to tell you this anyway. 

Carl, I'm gay and I have to stay in the closet. If I come out I'll be ruined. 

Maybe you two can take care of each others sexual needs and make yourselves happy whenever you two can be together. At least I sure hope so. But be careful, and be discreet. Almost anybody can see how you two feel about each other.

Now I have to give you a warning. In case you don't already know, Annie's mother hates you, and she's like a snake, but more dangerous. She thinks nothing of destroying people's lives, and she doesn't care who they are, not even her own family. She gets what she wants, anyway she can. She doesn't let anyone, or anything, get in her way. You need to be very careful of her. Charlie.

I looked at Annie and said, "What can I say?"

I wanted to tell her that I always wanted to be with you. But I couldn't be married to you because of your mother. She's the reason I stopped seeing you so long ago. But, I couldn't tell her that. It would hurt her so. 

She asked me, "Can we be together like this even if it's just once in a while?" 

Hearing her say that was like was having my wildest dreams come true.

I nodded yes as she cuddled up against me. I put my arms around her. She looked at me with that kiss me look in her pale blue eyes. 

I kissed her, I had to, I wanted to. She rolled over on her back, pulling me on top of her. My morning wood was pressed tightly between our abdomens with my balls on her mount of Venus. She felt so good under me. I wanted to be in her. 

"Put it in me?" she begged.

How could I refuse her? I wanted her so bad? I sat back on my knees, with my feet under my ass. I opened her house coat and she slid it down her arms. She was revealing the front of her body to me for the first time. 

She's so tiny and petite, everything about her is small. She looked almost virginal laying there in the morning light. I looked at her pretty little breasts, with her pink pointed nipples. I bent over and quickly kissed and nipped her nipples, first one then the other. She was giggling. 

It occurred to me that I never touched her vagina. There were so many things we hadn't done. She jumped as I cupped my hand over her pussy and ran my index finger between her pussy lips. 

"Oh no don't, it's dirty," she cried.

I wondered if she realized this was the first time I had touched her vagina. Her eyes closed and she shuddered as my finger tip touched her clitoris. She was starting to breathe through her open mouth as I played with her love button. I spread her pussy open with my thumbs and looked into her lovely little pink hole. I could see she was moist. I couldn't resist and pushed my middle finger in her. She lifted her hips as my finger went in. She looked so beautiful lying there, with her eyes half closed; sighing as my finger slid in and out of her.

She moaned and begged,"Please put your cock in me?"

I pressed the head of my penis at her opening. She gasped as I pushed in spreading her open and filling her with my hard morning wood. She was much tighter now and not nearly as wet as she was last night. 

I had barely started going in and out of her when she went tense, jerking herself up taking me in deeper, moaning sweetly, "Aaaah I'm coming." 

She whispered to me, "When I woke up this morning my pussy was tingling and wet. All I could think about how good you felt in me. I've wanted you for so long. 

Carl this was my dream, that we would get back together and you would gently make love to me the first time. 

I only married him because my mother wanted me too. She told me Annie he would make you a good husband. He went to college and comes from a good family. He's so much better suited for you than that awful truck driver. 

When we got married, he was drinking all day. That night when we got to the hotel room he was drunk and I was scared. I knew what he was going to do to me. 

I kept my eyes shut with my legs closed tight,I was gripping the bed covers in my hands, wishing you were going to make love to me."

He said to me, "I guess you're all hot and bothered now. I know you've been waiting for this all day."

I said, "Please Charlie, I'm a virgin, I've never done it before. Please be gentle with me."

He said, "I know all about fucking a virgin. The guys in the bar told me what to do! Don't worry your going to like it."

"He grabbed my boobs and pinched my nipples, licked my face, ears, neck, and licked me down over my chest to my breasts like a dog licks his master hand. 

He forced his hand between my thighs and rubbed my vagina. He pulled up the bottom of my nightie, yanked off my panties, put his hands between my knees and pried my legs apart. 

As he got on top of me I could smell the alcohol he was drinking all day, and it made me nauseous.

He rubbed his cock over my pussy until his penis was between my vaginal lips. He was holding me by my ass."

He said, "Okay baby, this is what you've been waiting for."

I pleaded, "Please don't."

I griped the bed covers tighter and bit my lower lip as I felt his penis go between my vaginal lips up against my hymen.

I begged him, "Charlie please don't do it me, oh please nooo don't."

"He squeezed my ass and jammed himself in me. I felt a sharp pain and yelped as he punctured my hymen, cramming his cock into my vagina. 

I blacked out and when I came out of it. He was grunting like a pig fucking me with his sweat dripping on me." 

I heard him say, "You have a nice tight cunt."

I begged him, "Please hurry up."

"He pulled his cock out and ejaculated on me... and said I don't want to get you knocked up. Did you like it? You know the more I fuck you the better you're going to like it!"

"I didn't answer him. You know Carl it was always the same. I'd lay there stiff gripping the bed covers with eyes closed wishing it was you fucking me. 

Then he moved down the hall and he never touched me again. I didn't know why. I was just glad he didn't do it to me anymore."

I laughed, because I didn't know what to say. I felt guilty. I was mad, I wanted to make it up to her somehow and I wanted to fuck her hard. 

I also wanted to tell her I wished I was her first, and the only man she would ever have. But, instead I told her:

"I've had sex with my wife many times wishing it was you. But, it was never as good as it was with you last night and again this morning."

I think that made her feel better, because, she sighed, and hugged me tight. 

"Honey," I said, "Please let me go now, I have to piss so badly and my teeth are floating. I need to shave and take a shower."

She told me, "There's some deposable razors and shaving cream under my sink, and I need a shower too. Then I'll made us breakfast."

HMMM I smiled at her, and said, I'll have," The breakfast of Champions."

She asked, "What's that?" 

I laughed, and said, "You're going to find out."

She looked me like I was strange. She asked me, "Do you think I can make it?"

I laughed again and said, "You're going to it make it just fine. I know your going to love it too."

As I was shaving, I watched Annie in the mirror, taking off her house coat. I have never seen her completely naked before. I couldn't stop staring at her. My dick was starting to swell, and it wasn't, because I had to piss. She came in and got in the shower stall. I could hear her running the water as I finished shaving. 

She was washing her hair as I got in. She seemed startled as I cupped her breast and kissed the back of her neck and shoulders. She had little shivers going up and down her spine. 

"What are doing to me?" she asked.

Instead of answering her I sucked on the nap of her neck for a second and pinched her nipples. 

She giggled and squirmed and said, "Don't do that, it feels funny and goes all the way down to my clitoris."

I chuckled and told her, "I'm going to give you a bath."

She laughed as I rubbed the warm soapy wash clothe down her back and over her firm little ass. I got on my knees and washed the backs of her thighs. As I washed up the insides of her legs and thighs she started to tremble.

When I put the soapy wash clothe between her legs over her pussy she jumped and said "Don't touch that, it's dirty."

I chucked, and said, "It won't be, for long."

"OOH YESS." she purred.

As I held the warm soapy clothe over her vagina she started grinding her pussy on my hand. I slid my middle finger inside of her to get it wet and then I flicked her love button. 

She squealed, "Don't do that." But, she opened her legs wider and whispered, "Oh please don't get me started again. I think you're trying to turn me into a nympho."

I didn't listen to her. I knew what I was going to do. I kissed her neck and shoulders again. Then I turned her around and held her against me and kissed her. She was breathing hard, and trembling.

She asked me, "What are you doing to me? These things you do me, make me feel so good. I shouldn't let you do them to me, but I just can't stop you. 

You know can do anything you want to me and you know it?"

I rubbed her breasts and pinched her nipples through the soapy rag. I bent over and sucked on each of her nipples. She was trembling from head to toe.

As I got my knees in front of her and started kissing her belly, she said, "Oh you're being so nasty, don't do that." 

I kissed her lower and lower and rubbed my face across her bush. I blew my warm breath on her vagina.

She tried to push my head away, saying, "That's nasty."

I was her holding her ass so she couldn't get away. I lifted her leg and placed it over my shoulder. I kissed and sucked the soft flesh of her inner thigh. She had shivers going up and down her spine as my kisses got closer to her vagina. 

"Oh please, stop it." she pleaded.

Then I kissed her slit, and she let out a loud moan as I sucked on her pussy lips; her juices run on my tongue. She was going wild, and pulled my head between her legs moaning: 

"Oh no... oh no ... don't do that... it's so nasty... oooooooooh."

She was holding my head against her crotch, rubbing her cunt all over my face while I fucked her with my tongue. I lapped her slit from back to front, and when my tongue hit her clitoris she screamed, "OOOOOOOOOH, that feels so good!" 

I wanted this to be the best orgasm she ever had. The one she would never forget. She was going nuts, squirming and rubbing her cunt across my face because she needed to cum. 

She was pleading with me, "Make me cum, make me cum. Oh honey please make me cum, I can't take it anymore."

She started shaking violently and screamed, "OOOOOOOH HONEY, that felt so fucking good!" 

Her come poured out of her hole onto my tongue, into my mouth and down over my chin. Her leg slid off my shoulder and she went completely limp. She leaned against the wall trying to stand up, but her knees buckled. I got my hands under her arms pits and helped her slide down to the floor. 

She sat on the floor trying to catch her breath, looking at me with this dazed look in her eyes. I asked her, "Did you like that?"

She replied, "Oh Carl, I loved it and I love you."

She saw my erect penis, and asked, "What about you?"

I didn't want her to suck me off and ruin it for her by coming in her mouth, so I picked her up and put her over my shoulder and carried her back to bed. 

I laid her down and got beside her. I cuddled her, and told her that I loved her.

Shit I don't believe I told her that, but I think it's true. All I knew was that I always wanted to be with her.

Right now I needed her. We were on our sides looking in each others eyes.

I put my hand on her ass and pulled her against me. As our lips touched and my tongue entered mouth she lifted her leg over my hip. I felt her sobbing. I asked her, "What's wrong?"

She said, "There's nothing wrong, I'm just happy, and I want you to make love to me."

My manhood was pressed between her legs against her pussy. She moved around a little, trying to get my penis in her hole. I pulled my hips back and pushed them forward; my penis found its mark and slid into her; she gasped and said, "I love the way you feel in me." 

We were looking into each others each eyes as I pushed in and out of her. I wanted to make it last but I couldn't I came quickly inside her. 

I came so good I though I was going to faint. She sighed and gave a little jerk and shudder, and said:

"I came again too."

Then we rested in each others arms, cuddling.

"Annie," I said, "I have to get ready to go to back to work pretty soon."

As we got dressed, she asked me, "How do I make the 'Breakfast of Champions?'" 

I laughed and winked at her, then told her, "You were it." 

She was giggling again. She told me her mother would be here soon. That was my clue to leave. 

Something struck me funny then and I started too laughed. She asked me," What are you laughing at?"
