 I'll start by telling you a little about myself, and giving you some back ground on myself. I think it's important that you get to know me and understand me. 

My name is Carl; my friends call me BigC, or driver. I'm just over six feet tall and I weight 215 pounds with dark brown hair and brown eyes. I drive trailer trucks for a living. Loading and unloading them keeps me in pretty good shape.

I've always loved women. Strange as it may seem, some of them even like me too. I never get enough sex. I'm one of those guys that are always horny. I can have sex three or four times a day. After I cum I stay hard and keep on going.

I'm kind of like that Timex watch that takes a licking and keeps on ticking. Well, in my case, I give a licking and a dicking, and keep on humping, and a pumping. I've been like this all my life. 

My problem is, I'm married to one of those. Italian Catholic women that thinks sex is dirty, and only whores like sex. Good girls only have sex to make babies, and once in a while to make their husbands happy. These girls have these ideas drummed into their heads from childhood by their Mothers, Grand Mothers, and the Church.

I've tried everything; I can think of to work out this problem with her. We've talked it over, and over again. I've tried everything, I've brought her candy and flowers, and I've taken her out for romantic candle light dinners. I've even taken her to see those awful girlie movies. I've brought her naughty nighties. Nothing works with her, or women like her. These ideas have been driven into their heads, and nothing is going to change them. 

Considering my sex drive this does not go over well with me. Needless to say, this has made my life miserable. I feel I'm only haft married. So I think its okay, for me to take care of my sexual needs, anywhere I can. 

My wife comes from a huge Italian family. These people always got something going on, a wedding, or a party, for something, or other. They live for this stuff, and so does my wife. This is another big problem for us. I'm an introvert, and she's an extrovert.

These people just love sitting around, a table eating and bull shitting about all their important friends, and how much money they have. Of course all my wife's families are very important people, with great jobs, and lots of money. At least that's what they say! 

Unbelievably these people, would rather be sitting around bull shitting about themselves, then to be home fucking. I could never understand that! I'm just a truck driver, that has to work for a living, and I'm from the wrong side of town. Consequently; these people think I'm a bum, or a thug. What can I say, they don't like me? And I don't like them and I think their all full of shit. 

So I guess that makes us even. Not surprisingly; there have been many other very willing women in my life. These women come and go. I don't feel any guilt about having sex with them. In fact I'm very grateful for them when they come into my life. If my wife, was a real wife I wouldn't be doing these things. I guess she knows about them, but she doesn't say anything. 

This is the story of one of those women very special woman.

Charlie and I have been friends since grammar school. I always though he was kind of strange. He's a tall, thin guy, with an easy going like able personality. All he seems to care about is fishing, drinking, and sometimes playing cards. He doesn't appear to have any interest in women, or sex, or anything else.

His wife and I were high school sweet hearts. We got along great, and we still do. Her name is Annie; she has a nice body, with small perky breast, with hard nipples a nice little soft ass and lovely legs. I loved to hold her by the ass and up against me, when we made out. 

I guess you could say she is cute. She has light skin with dirty blonde hair, light blue eyes with very full kissable lips, and a little pointed nose.

She would stand in front of me, with her feet outside of mine, and get up on her tip toes, to wrap her arms around my neck. Her body would press against mine. Then she would tilt her back head back and a little to the side wanting to be kissed. I'd cover her lips with mine, and push my tongue in her mouth. I'd run my finger tips up and down her spine, and scratch her tail bone, as I caressed her ass. I would suck on her ear lobe. Sometimes I'd get brave and sneak a feel of her breast. I'd rub my thumb over her nipple. She would gasp as I did that. I'd get so hard. That I'd squeeze her ass and pull her tighter against me. 

The head of my penis would brush over her bush, and slip between her soft warm thighs. The head of penis would rub against her clitoris. As I'd dry hump her. She would put her head against my chest, as her breathing got harder. I could feel little shivers going up and down her spine. I think she had mini orgasms this way. I always wanted to put my hand down the front of pants to feel and touch her vagina. 

I was crazy about her. I wanted to put my hand over her vagina and play with her and give her an orgasm.

I didn't do it, because I was afraid her Mother was watching us, and she usually was. Annie was so ripe and ready. I knew if I could get her along. I could have her. I wanted her, so bad my cock hurt.

But Annie has many problems too, she's a spoiled little rich girl, she's lazy, and kind of bossy. When she doesn't get her own way, she pouts, and nags, and is a real pain in the ass. She gets most of this from her Mother.

Her Mother is the bitch from hell. She didn't like me at all. I was from the wrong side of town, and she though I was thug, or something. She was always watching me and Annie. Where ever we went, she went. Annie and I would be on the porch making out. Her Mother would come out, and sit down. 

I think she was protecting Annie's virginity from me.

I was sure that, Annie was still a virgin, and if I broke her cherry. She would expect me too marry her. I didn't want to marry her, I wanted to be with her, to make love to her, to have sex with her, to fuck her, but I didn't want to marry her. Because I knew her Mother would make my life a living hell.

The only thing I could do was end the relationship. Before I got her alone, and broke her cherry. I'm really not a bad guy. Regardless of what her Mother thinks of me. I really did like Annie, and I still do. I wouldn't do anything to hurt her.

I introduced her to Charlie. I didn't think he would ever find a girl on his own. I wanted him to have someone special. l always felt that Annie was special.

Annie and I had remained friends after I stopped seeing her. We always got along good together. We could talk about anything, and everything, including our sex lives.

She wasn't happily married, she used to tell me. Charlie would rather fish than fuck and he's never home. 

She told me about their sex life. She said," He doesn't do it to me any more, but when he did it, there was nothing special about it."

This surprised me, because she was so hot, when we used to make out on her front porch.

She told me, "The first time he did it to me it hurt, when He stuck his thing in me. Then he pushed it, in and out of me a few times, pulled it out and squirted his stuff on my thighs and abdomen."

I figured that I could have her, if I wanted too. OH How I wanted her. I wanted to teach her how good sex really is. 

But she was still married to my friend Charlie. I didn't want to hurt her, or cause her problems. So I didn't try to take advantage of her. 

My wife was out of town, for the weekend. One of her many cousins were getting married in another state. I had to work, and couldn't get the time off. In all honesty I was glad not to have to go, and to listen to their bullshit all weekend. 

I had gone fishing with Charlie; we were drinking, and having a good time. Then we went to his house for pizza.

When we got to there, Annie was in a house coat. From what I could see, she was wearing one of those low cut white cotton nightie under it. This didn't surprise me. Annie is kind of strange. 

She told us that she just got out of the shower. She thinks nothing of walking around like that in front of me. Besides I like looking at her. So the way she was dressed was just fine with me. 

I don't think she realizes how badly I want to fuck her. I just can't help it. Like I said before, she has a nice body, and I would love to get her in bed. 

I was starting to feel the alcohol. The site of her was getting me hornier and harder by the minute. I hoped they wouldn't notice my boner. 

While the three of us were eating Charlie was still drinking pretty heavy, and he wasn't feeling any pain. I had enough. I was afraid I might make an ass, out of myself, if I kept drinking. 

Annie was drinking wine, and was getting a little tipsy. She was flirting with me a little. I was flirting back with her. I guess I shouldn't have been playing with her like that in front of Charlie. I just couldn't help myself. 

We were having a good time. I was getting hornier by the minute. I kept looking at her trying to peek inside her house coat. I couldn't stop thinking about how she felt against me, when we made out on her porch.

She brushed against me as she walked into the kitchen. I could feel the warmth of her body, and smell her freshly washed body, and perfume. This made my cock even harder. I could make out the outlines of her breast, and, see the shape of her ass, under her house coat. 

We ended up in the living room. Charlie was in his recliner. I had flopped myself in a big easy chair with my feet up on a stool. Annie plopped on the arm of my chair with her legs across my lap. 

We had gotten around to talking about our sex lives. Annie was complaining about hers. She slide down onto my lap, and put her arms around my neck. Then she started breaking his balls, about his lack of sexual skills. 

Charlie didn't seem to care about any of this. He was drunk, and appeared to be in his own world.

I was thinking what the hell is going on here. Maybe it was the alcohol. I had a boner that was, so hard it hurt. I have no idea, how they didn't notice it.

Besides that Annie was sitting on my lap wiggling around, right on top of cock. She had to feel it pressing against her soft ass. I could feel the warmth of her vagina through our clothes. This was driving me crazy. I was wishing my cock would burst out of my pants and slide up into her. 

I didn't know how far this was going to go. But it was fun, and I wanted to get my hands on her, so bad.

Annie was now in my lap, with her arms around my neck and her head on my shoulder. I knew this was wrong, but she felt so good. It was wonderful to have her in my lap, and to be holding her again. I was rubbing her back, running my finger tips up and down her spine. I remembered she liked that and it made her wiggle on my lap. 

She said softly under her breath," you better be careful you don't start something you won't be able to finish."

I whispered into her ear," if your husband wasn't here, your the one, that would be in trouble."

Charlie, she asked, "Do you mind if I have sex with Carl?"

Charlie said," I don't care what you two do, Carl go ahead and fuck her; do anything you want to her. I don't care what she does, or who she does it with. I can't make her happy, and I never could. She was a mistake from the beginning. She never wanted me, and I never wanted her. I don't want her now. She's a pain in my ass." 

He was very drunk. He closed his eyes and passed out. I don't know how this affected Annie. But she didn't seem to care. I knew they were having problems. But it still shocked me, to hear this. However; he said I could do anything I wanted to her.

We looked into each others eyes, and smiled. She closed her eyes and we kissed. Her lips felt better then I remembered. Annie got up, took me by the hand, and led me into the bedroom. 

She looked in my eyes, as she took my hands and placed them over her breast. As if she was giving them to me. Her nipples pressed into my palms. I looked into her eyes as I caressed her breast, and pinched her nipples. She sucked in her breath, as her eyes rolled back and closed. 

She stood up on her tip toes just like she used to. I let go of her breast and put my arms around her. I kissed her. Our tongues went in each others mouths first in hers, then in mine. She took her hands from behind my neck. 

With this dazed dreamy look in her eyes. She reached down, and rubbed the palm of her hand over my penis, and squeezed it through my pants. I gasped and sucked in my breath. While she was still looking in my eyes she pulled down my zipper, and worked her hand inside my pants and shorts and gasped, as her hand found my penis. Her hand felt warm and sweaty as she wrapped her fingers around my organ. 

Her warm hand felt so good on my cock. I put my hands on her ass and pulled her to me with my cock still in her hand. I forced my tongue between her lips into her mouth. I wanted to shove my penis in her, so bad.

We broke off our kiss, and went over by the bed. 

She took off her house coat, and sat on the edge. Her short nightie came haft way down her thighs. The skirt of her nightie had fallen between her thighs, revealing a large damp spot over her vagina. Her juices had leaked down the insides of her thighs making them glisten in the dim light of the bedroom.

She said to me, almost commanded me to," take your clothes off."

Then her voice went lower, almost whispering. She said "I want you, do you want me to? you do...Don't you? Please, say you want me too? I want you.... so bad? I.....need you to put it ... put it in me. I want you...in me. I can't believer I'm saying these things to you. Don't you know? I've always wanted you. You're the only one, I've even wanted. Please come over here."

I was going nuts listening to her. Her words, what she was saying, everything about her, this whole night was getting to me.

I was crazy with desire, for her. I wanted her, and needed her so bad.

I pulled off my clothes in a flash. I think, I ran over to the bed and took her by the ankles and pulled her around and down on the bed, until she was flat on her back. 

This pulled her nightie up her tights revealing her pink slit and her light brown bush. She had droplets of moisture on her bush and over and around her vagina. I get between her legs holding myself up over her at arms length.

I was looking into her blue eyes; I wanted her to make sure this was what she wanted. I wanted her to know that once we made love. There was no changing it, no going back, to the way things were before. She looked at me, and nodded her head up and down, as if to say yes.

I leaned over her, and kissed her forehead, then her eye lids, her nose and finally her lips. I wanted to make it good for her. 

Annie spread her legs a little wider, and wiggled down lower under me. Her nightie was up around her waist.

She took my cock in her hand, and rubbed my penis between the moist silky lips of her vagina. She held my penis in her hand with head of it against her opening. I looked her in the eyes, to make sure, that she really wanted me to do it.

She was nodding yes, with her eyes closed. As she whispered, "Oh please, Carl, make love to me?"

I kissed her again. She sucked my tongue into her waiting mouth. 

As the tips of our tongues touched, she lifted her hips up, giving herself to me. I pushed forward into her, taking her, receiving the gift she gave me. I gently slid my cock into her warm velvety smooth wet hole. She was sloppy and wet, but she was still very tight. I fit into her perfectly. Like a hand in glove.

We just laid there with our bodies joined together, for the first time. It was so good to finally be in her.

She whispered," I love you. Your the only man, I've ever loved or wanted. Besides my husband, you're the only man I've ever been with."

I didn't know what to say to her. I wanted to say, I love you too, I love you, so much, I've wanted you for, so long, but I didn't say anything.

Instead I started to gently slide my manhood in and out of her.

She was wet, and sloppy. Her juices were seeping out of her vagina, soaking my balls, as my penis went in and out of her. 

Annie just lost it, and started going crazy. Saying to me, "it feels so good. I wanted you for so long."

I told her, "Baby it feels so good in you, I've wanted you for a very, very long, time." 

I wanted to say more to her, I wanted to say, so much more to her. But I couldn't.

I'm married, and she's married to my friend. I knew it was wrong to be with her. But how could anything that feels this good. "Be wrong?" 

I couldn't stop now, even if I wanted too. She was getting wetter and wilder.

I couldn't believe it I was finally in her, making love to her, fucking her. 

The inside of her tights were soaked, her juices were oozing out over my balls, down between the cheeks of her ass onto the bed, soaking it. 

She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and sucked on my neck. She whispered in my ear,

"Honey, I love you." Please, don't think badly of me I've wanted for you, and waited for this moment, for so long. Oh yesssss please, please, don't stop, it feels sooo ... good... ooooh please don't ever stop." 

I've wanted her for so long and her words were driving me crazy. I was trying to be gentle with her. But I couldn't help myself I started pumping her harder and faster. I was losing control; it felt so good to finally be in her. I needed to cum; my balls were full and aching for relief.

She was almost there. I wanted it to be perfect for her and make her cum with me still hard and throbbing in her. 

She was moaning, and panting, in my ear, begging me, pleading with me, for more." Just a little more, please, oh please, don't stop," 

Annie sucked in her breath, her head rolled from side to side. She wrapped her legs around my back and bucked up hips to take me even deeper into her vagina. 

I felt her cum. The inside of her pussy contracted and tighten around my penis her body twitched and quivered while her orgasm passed through her. 

More juices gushed out of her bathing my balls in her warm cum. She dug her finger nails into my back and bit my neck. 

I couldn't help myself, I felt my body go rigid as I came way up inside her in, shooting my warm sticky sperm into the depths of vagina. 

I whispered under my breath, so she couldn't hear. "I love you, so much." 

Then I collapsed on top of her. As I started getting my strength back. I rolled over on my back, pulling her on top of me. 

We just laid there holding each other, trying to catch our breath. My cock was still in her. Her vagina was twitching around my penis. She was getting tighter.

I could hear her breathing, and feel the warmth of her body on mine. The mixed juices from our love making were trickling out of her, down over my balls between my legs onto the bed. 

She whispered to me again that I was the only man she ever wanted. 

I was still in her. The sounds of her breathing and the feel of her body on top of mine with her little titties pressed into my chest. Remembering how good it felt, was getting me excited again.

We were gently, kissing and caressing each other. She was rubbing my cheeks, kissing my forehead, and eyes. 

I was rubbing her back, and squeezing her ass. I ran my finger tip around her anus. These made her giggled and wiggle. Her anus was slippery with our juices. 

I pushed my finger tip into her anus. She gasped and pressed her hips down, contacting her pussy tighter around my penis. The further I pushed my finger in her rosebud. The more she squirmed on top of me. I was rock hard inside her again. 

Annie, was moaning, and sat up. She put her hands on my chest holding her up slowly riding me while I laid there, caressing her breast and pinching her nipples. 
