 I know I shouldn't feel the way I do about you. I am engaged and happy and I still can't help wanting you. I don't understand why I can't have you both. It just doesn't seem fair. Yes, you may be older and seem an odd match for me, but there is something about you that draws me like a magnet. The more we talk, the more it pulls me in your direction. I just can't deny how much I need you. I dream about you most nights and awake with a burning that consumes me. We have never met, yet we talk almost every day and have sent many intimate pictures to each other. I save all your pictures in my phone and can't help but lick my lips every time I see that hard cock waiting for me. I want you so bad it hurts me inside. I want to be yours, even if only for a moment in time. I have many dreams about our first time meeting. This is just one of many.

I am anxiously waiting for you to meet me a few streets away from my home. My fiance is home so I have made excuses to be gone and packed a bag with a few things we may need. My body is warm and tingling and the wetness in my panties is making it hard for me to stand still. I'm afraid things will go too quickly and be over too soon for us if I can't calm myself down a bit. I want today to last. I want to take it slow and make it memorable for both of us, as I know we will not be able to meet often. Distance and responsibilities separate us. We both know we shouldn't be doing this, but we need each other too much to ignore it any longer.

Finally, I see you pulling up to our meeting place and I'm already so hot I'm close to orgasm and trying to catch my breath. You are everything I want and I want you right now. As you get out of your car I can feel a moan already starting in my throat and you smile at me as I can't help it coming out. 

"Don't worry baby, I can help you with that," you whisper to me as you come closer.

I can't speak as I take your hand and lead you away towards the woods behind my neighborhood. You don't seem surprised that I picked a place outdoors and so close to home. It's almost as if you knew that I would. We make our way far into the woods and venture off the path for a nice private area to enjoy each other. I set my bag down and you take the opportunity to pin me against a tree and kiss me. I moan into your mouth and wrap my arms around you, sliding them down and squeezing that hot ass of yours. We pause only to set down the blanket I brought for us to lay upon. 

Our tongues collide and massage each other, teasing, tasting, wanting. You slide your hand down to my breast and start to tease my nipple and I groan, so close to cumming already. I have been waiting for this so long and my body is oversensitive to your touch. You chuckle at my wantonness and I can feel your hard cock pressing into my stomach. 

"I want to taste that beautiful cock," I tell you breathlessly.

"Get down on your knees and beg for it, you know I like it when you beg," is your reply.

Instantly I'm on my knees ready to worship every part of your body. You know I like to beg for it. You know how hot and wet I am right now. I want to be yours more than anything else.

"Please let me taste you, I want your cock more than anything. I will do anything;" licking my lips now, "I want your hot cum in my mouth. I want to lick you clean. Choke me with your beautiful cock. Please, pretty please can I taste you?"

You start to unzip your pants and your cock springs out at me, begging for attention. Your eyes filled with lust as I flick my tongue out ready for the first taste. I lick the tip, tasting the pre-cum you have waiting for me. Groaning, I lick along your shaft making it nice and wet for the face fucking you are about to give me. I look up into your eyes and you smile at me. I know you are ready. You grab my hair and pull my head towards you, sinking your cock deep into my throat. I start to choke and can't breathe well but we both know that will pass. You allow me a minute to get used to your size and to allow my gag reflex to relax. You can tell when I am ready and you start to pump your cock into my mouth, my throat, faster and harder. Face fucking me is really turning me on and I can't help myself as I begin to cum. I feel your cock grow inside my mouth and I struggle to swallow all of the seed you spill inside me, wanting to taste every little bit. Your essence is my nectar of life and I can't get enough.

"You really are a wanton little slut aren't you? You came without even being touched," you say to me with a naughty smile.

"Only for you," I moan. "I would do anything for you."

You start to undress me and bend to suckle and tease my sensitive nipples. You know I can't take much of this without being restrained. I'm already trying to pull away from the onslaught of stimuli overload. Luckily, you also came with a few items you thought we might need. You push me up against a tree with a branch hanging at just the right spot to tie my arms up above my head. I start to blush as I realize how well you know me already even though this is our first meeting. You slide your hand into my panties, feeling my wetness, my passion for you. You continue to undress me and suddenly I am completely naked before you and my body is humming in expectation. 

I hope you can see the desire burning inside me. I want only you, for as long as I can have you. You cup your hand against my pussy, my delicate clit, and start to rub in long hard strokes. I am squirming and trying hard not to cum again so quickly. I want everything to be perfect for you. Suddenly your hand is off my pussy and before I can react you are pinching both of my nipples hard and rolling them between your fingers. My orgasm rips through me as I scream your name.

"I'm not done with you yet, we have all day to make this last," you say to me, looking into my eyes.

You pull me down from my restraints and lay me onto our blanket. As you finish taking off your clothes, I try to get a hold of myself. I am still shaking from the last orgasm you gave me. You lay next to me and kiss my neck as I reach out for your cock, hard as ever and waiting for me. You know I want to feel it inside me, filling me up with a burning intensity. 

"Please fuck me," I whimper. "I want you inside me now." 

Your eyes go dark and you groan, "I love it when you say please, when you beg for my cock."

I'm on my back now with you above me, our eyes locked together in passion. I feel the tip of your gorgeous cock trying to push into me. You are trying not to hurt me, but I want you to claim me as yours. I put my arms around you and pull you into me. Hard. The tightness of my pussy has you ready to cum already but you hold back. My pussy is aching to accommodate your size and I feel like you might wreck me. I don't care. 

I love the way you fill me up and more. You moan and start pumping in and out of me, my lips holding tightly to your cock with each stroke. 

I wrap my legs around you and meet you thrust for thrust as hard as I can. I want to feel you as deeply as I can inside me. I want your cum to warm my insides and drip down my thighs when we are done. Your thumb finds my hard clit and you start to rub my sensitive little bud making me cry out and beg for more. 

Your mouth is suddenly on my breast and you nibble and then pull on it with your teeth as your other hand squeezes and teases my other nipple. I can feel the building orgasm as it starts to come in waves. I think I may pass out from this overload on my senses. As I hit my peak I start to shake and whimper your name. You continue plowing me as I'm turning into a molten mass beneath you. Suddenly, I feel you grow inside me and I can feel your hot juices coating my insides. My orgasm explodes into something I've never felt before and I can't help but cry out. Tears are running from my eyes and I'm shaking uncontrollably. I can't stop cumming. You pull me close and kiss me. 

"I love that cock," I half whisper, half moan. "I wish we had more time."

"Me too," you whisper to me. "Next time we will have to catch up on everything we didn't get to today." 

I smile at all the things we have talked about and haven't tried yet. I can't wait until our next meeting, already trying to map out how long I will have to wait for you. I'm hoping you don't make me wait too long.

We get cleaned up, put our clothes back on and I walk with you back to our cars. I know you have to leave but I'm sad you are going. I really don't want to go home. I wish I could come with you, but we both know I can't. Still, I cherish our time together and can't wait until we meet again.