 "Hi Jim," said the phone to my ear. Jess's voice was unmistakable but it always surprised her when I recognised it after only a few words. It was a cross between a smokers cough and the receptionist at a massage parlour. She could make a fortune at telephone sex, the gravelly voice and the sexy breathing could stir even the coldest of cocks.

"Hi Jess."

"Christ! How do you do that? Two words uttered and you know whose calling, you got caller ID or something?"

"Jess, you know you've got the sexiest voice this side of the Urals. It's not that hard really." Which was true, the base tones clearly came from deep within her cavernous chest, and it was truly cavernous. The rest of her was built to match, a truly big busty woman. "That voice could replace viagra."

"Ha fucking ha. Anyway it's obviously not working on Paul." Sniff.

"Oh shit, not again babe?" I'd called her babe for years, I really can't remember why. We'd only ever been friends, good friends, but no benefits, if you get my drift.

"Yes again." Another sniff, "Can I come round for your unique brand of psycho therapy later?"

"Sure, say about 8. I'll chill the sauvignon and find the kleenex, poor babe."

"Fuck the kleenex, just a jumbo kitchen roll: twin pack! See you later." Jess was clearly having man trouble again and I was usually the obvious shoulder to cry on. 

We'd known each other since secondary school, when those massive boobs had started to make an appearance. She'd always been a big girl but her boobs were truly spectacular. We all teased her mercilessly, just like the evil brats we were, refusing to see the loveable, warm, caring person underneath. Somehow the rest of her kept growing to balance her proportions and, equally inexplicably, we became friends, just friends, hence her call.

The bell rang and I opened the door to be confronted by a rather upset looking Jess. Her long dark hair was tied back in a pony tail, her light cotton summer blouse fell loosely from her spectacular chest revealing a circle of bare flesh just above her skirt. She threw her arms round me and gave me a hug.

"Where's that fucking wine, Jim. I need wine and I need it now!" We poured a glass or two down our necks, via my cheap wine glasses, and I waited for the monologue. I'm a good listener and Jess knew it.

"The fucking fucker's gone and fucking fucked off!" She never pulled her punches with men who displeased her, actually Jess just never pulled her punches.

"Will he be back? Or do you want him back?"

"No to both!" I then got the full story on what had caused the bust up. I had to admit, it did sound terminal and she'd been brooding over the carnage for over a week.

"Why can't all men listen like you?" She said rhetorically, as we polished off the first bottle. This was always going to be a two bottle problem.

We tucked into the second bottle, with a little less verve that the first, and slumped on the couch in front of the telly. We weren't drunk by any means, just mellow, and the movie was getting raunchier by the minute.

"Oh my God that's so hot! Lucky bitch getting done by him... He can do me any time he likes!... Do you think they're only acting?...Or is he actually doing her?...Shit that's hot... Surely he must have an erection?...He couldn't be doing that without getting one unless he's gay... Oh fuck, I do hope he's not gay. Such a fucking waste!"

"No I haven't heard any rumours about him, I think he's straight, babe." And she snuggled up close.

"So what's he doing with his cock, that's what I want to know. Has the lucky bitch got it deep inside her? They just have to be fucking for real. Nobody acts that convincingly." She was getting quite turned on and, I have to confess, so was I. 

The snuggling got closer, I put my arm protectively around her shoulder and felt the warmth of her unfettered breasts. She'd always said that the first thing she did on getting home from work was to remove her bra. She claimed it was such a relief. 'Big tits,'she'd said, 'come at a price.'

Anyway, I was benefiting from the warmth of her massive chest when she shot me a glance.

"You're getting turned on, aren't you?"

"A bit," I confessed, "but who wouldn't? Those two are at it like rabbits and your boobs are resting on my chest."

"Oh poor little Jim. I have to carry them round all day and you moan about having them resting on you for an hour or so."

"I'm not moaning!"

"You always made fun of my tits at school. I though you didn't like them."

"That was just kids being cruel, we were all just gaging to get our hands on them, literally."

"Really?"

"Yes really!"

"Well, I just love having my boobs massaged while watching a hot film." 

"Is that a hint or a note of regret."

"No regrets for Paul." And she wriggled suggestively. I slid my hand down to the hem of her blouse to the small area of exposed flesh just above the waist of her skirt. She looked at me quizzically, with her head cocked to one side. Who could resist? I let my hands wander over the exposed flesh. It was warm, pliable and copious. I excavated my way up to a nipple and stroked it gently. She purred contentedly. By this time our two, on screen, love birds were at it again. 

She was head down in a pillow facing the camera while he made the most of her exposed buttocks. It wasn't hard core porn but it was pretty close.

"You can't tell me that's simulated," said Jess. "The lucky bitch is getting shagged for sure. Can you imagine doing it in front of the camera crew, the sound man and all the hangers on? Shit that's hot, don't you think so?"

"Yeah I suppose."

"What do you mean you suppose?" And she placed her hand in my lap. "Suppose! suppose? What's all this then?" She said resting her hand on my swelling cock. "Jimbo's got a stiffy! Jimbo's got a stiffy." She chanted like a victorious twelve year old.

"My tits or the film?"

"You what?"

"My tits or the film? What's given you the stiffy?"

"If you must know, it's a bit of both but mainly your fab tits, there so warm and soft. I've never fondled a pair of quite ...erm, quite so well developed breasts before."

"Well you're doing a good job for a beginner, just keep going. How dare they shag like that in front of a poor girl that hasn't had it for nearly a fortnight? I think my knickers are getting damp."

"Could be too much information." The couple on the screen had changed position and she was riding him cowgirl. 

"Oh shit. That is my absolute favourite!" She exclaimed. "Jimbo, remember that great line in Shirley Valentine when Tom Conti is trying to seduce her?"

"Which one was that."

"You know, 'you think I wanna make fucking with you?' "

"Yes, for sure." 

She then continued in a husky voice that could give a nonagenarian an erection. "Well Jimbo, I think I want to make fucking with you."

"You what?"

"How can a girl be any more obvious?" Then that tone again, "Jess wants to make fucking with Jimbo."

"Woah girl, slow down. Were just friends remember."

"Yea. Friends who rub each other's tits and cock. I'm not asking for romance, no hearts and flowers, just an animal shag. Either you are going to wind up having a wank later and I'm going to rush home to my vibrator or we can solve our problem now, by mutual consent."

"I think I'd be taking advantage of your situation."

"Rubbish, not only will you remember my name in the morning, but probably also remember my unfettered tits. What more can I ask?" She stood up and dropped her skirt.

"I'll show you mine if you show me yours! Remember that from school? It was hot and innocent at the same time, stiff little cocks, virgin fannies and no touching!" I watched as she removed her blouse and stood there clad only in white cotton panties, very substantial white cotton panties that were only just up to the task of containing her generous hips. There was a noticeable variation in colour in the area between her legs; she was wet and her cleft was clearly outlined.

"Does Jimbo want to see Jess's pussy? Jess has a nice wet pussy to show Jimbo. See that damp patch on Jess's knickers? That's from Jimbo playing with Jess's big boobies and Jess is a big girl with very big boobies. Jimbo's made her all wet. It's all Jimbo's fault for stroking Jess's big boobies." The Janet and John talk was really starting to get to me, babyish but highly erotic and it took me back to those games of show and show. 

The panties were being lowered sensuously over her hips and equally generous bum with an erotic slowness. There was something unbelievably sexy about this large, confident, sexually aroused woman. I confess my cock was not ignoring her antics.

"Da...da! There it is. Jess's nice, wet, smooth, pussy, all on view, not a hair in sight. Jess likes having a smooth pussy. Now Jess wants Jim to show her his."

She closed in on me, grabbed me by my belt and undid my shirt. She pulled it off my shoulders and pinched my nipples. Then she set to work on my trousers. 

"Come on now. Don't be shy. I showed you mine, you show me yours: that's the deal. Show Jess your cock, your nice stiff cock. Is it cut or natural? I don't remember. Jess wants to see it and bury it in her pussy. Jess's pussy is aching for a nice stiff cock and it's all wet and ready." Trousers removed she grasped the legs of my pants and lowered them slowly. Continuing in the Janet and John language.

"Now we are about to see it. Is Jimbo's willy cut or uncut?" My cock sprang free from the elasticated top of my pants. "Whoops, there it is...uncut, and stiff as a tent pole. Jess likes tent poles, they find their way more easily into Jess's pussy."

By this time I was as stiff as a teenager and wrapped my arms around her, hugged her close and as I felt those massive boobs squash against my chest, I said. 

"Jess can have Jimbo's cock any way she wants." She in turn reached between my legs and fondled my balls with one hand while toying with my foreskin with the other.

"Does Jimbo like Jess playing with his willy?"

"Mmmmm."

"Does Jimbo want to put it into Jess's pussy?"

"Mmmmmmm."

"Or does Jimbo want Jess to suck it first?" Her head made its way south and she encased my cock with her warm, soft lips and started doing unbelievable things with her tongue as she massaged my balls and bum with her hands.

"Jimbo's not to cum in Jess's mouth, Jess wants all Jimbo's spunk in her pussy, but not until Jess has cum herself. Understand Jimbo? It's just like the no touching rule at school. No cuming till Jess has a happy little pussy?"

The miracle work of her lips and tongue continued until the urge to shoot my load was becoming too urgent.

"I think you'd better slow down a bit." Her head came back up wth an impudent smile on her face.

"We make some fucking now? Jimbo wants to put his cock in Jess now doesn't he? And shoot all his nice warm cum into her, doesn't he?"

"Mmmmmm."

"Jimbo better lie down on the carpet then."

I did as I was told and she stood towering over me. I admired the view up her voluminous thighs, past her bare pussy, over the prominent bulge of her stomach to her massive boobs. I got the distinct impression that this voluptuous woman was about to take what she wanted. She sank to her knees, one either side of my chest, stopping with her engorged pussy lips just above my rampant cock. 

"I've often wondered what it would be like to shag you, Jimbo, and now I'm going to find out. Just you lie there and enjoy. Let Jess fuck your brains out."

She grasped my slippery cock in one hand and lowered herself towards it stopping just before the actual penetration to rub the head on her clit.

"Ooooh, that feels good, Jess likes her clit being rubbed by a nice stiff cock." As she worked it up and down the moist valley leading to her centre. More and more appreciative noises followed until she lowered herself onto me and I sank easily into that glorious flesh. Leaning forward and draping her boobs across my chest. "Does Jimbo like fucking Jess?"

"Mmmmmm."

"How does that feel? Those great big tits on your chest, moving to and fro as your cock explores my pussy? Tell me you like my pussy warped round your stiff cock. Watch me as I sit up and rock back and forward on your cock." And she lifted her tits off my chest and did that thing girls do wth their pelvis, that rocking to and fro rather than rising up and down and it really got me going.

The couple on the TV were getting noisy which set her off again. Hands clasped behind her head pulling her boobs up as high as she could, she murmured.

"Listen to them!" As she rocked backwards and forwards with even more vigour. "It's so fucking sexy. It's about to bring me off. Oh shit that's so good Jimbo." And her rocking became more of a grinding motion and I felt her pussy start to contract.

"Oh fuck. Oh fuck, I'm coming... Shiiiit!" And as her movements started to subside I could take it no longer and let go. "Fuck Jimbo, I can really feel that. Jimbo's just cum hasn't he?" No reply was needed.

As the heat of our passion subsided and she lay on top of me she asked.

"Have you ever done it in the same room as someone else?" 

"No! Have you?"

"Well I think that's what gets me going wth sexy films. We were walking in the Lake District with Pam and Dave and there was only one room left in the hotel, long before the internet and last minute.com

"It had two double beds so we decided to take it. Anyway we all took it in turns to get changed in the bathroom and got into bed. After a long day on the fells we just turned out the lights, rolled over and went to sleep.

"At least that was the plan, but not long after, we heard giggling noises from the other bed, then the odd 'shh' and more giggling. It was just so obvious what was going on that I got seriously aroused. It was as dark as a coal mine, so there was nothing to see, but then the bed started to squeak. It was so damn sexy, we were lying in bed and not six feet away Pam and Dave were at it like bunnies, heavy breathing, squeaking bed, giggling like kids, the lot.

"Well it didn't take long to set Paul off as well and we tried to have a discrete shag but in the end it wasn't all that discrete, if you follow me. I think I got noisy and Paul is not exactly silent when he cums so it was equally obvious what we were up to.

"Then Pam and Dave set off again, but this time it was totally unrestrained, just like the movie we've been watching. It was a full on porn film sound track with no video. When the'd finished, and it was very obvious when they had because Pam is no shrinking violet when she cums, Paul said.

"For fuck sake you two, give it a rest!"

Pam and Dave burst out laughing and Dave said, "Shall we tell them?" And Pam said "OK then."

"Pam and I decided to see if we could wind you two up so we decided to act out having a shag. Truth to tell we must have done a pretty good job as you two set off pretty soon after but the joke was on us in the end 'cos Pam got so turned on by your 'noises off' the she set about me and that is what you heard when you thought we were at it again."

"So," said Jess, "ever since then the sounds of people actually fucking really gets me going. I'm not talking like porn films but people actually fucking because they want to fuck each other."