 Todd was working late on a spreadsheet that he had to have done by the following morning. Taking a gulp of lukewarm coffee and running his tired hand over his rugged face, he stood up and stretched before noticing that he wasn’t the only person left in the office. With a piercing, swift pang of terror, Todd’s eyes met those of his district manager, Erika. 

A lump rapidly swelled in his throat as his eyes wandered over his boss’s gorgeous body. Her silky-smooth, black hair was typically styled into a neat bun on the back of her head, but tonight, she had let it flow in all of its glory. Her beautiful face included a pair of thick, red lips, a gleaming row of teeth, and two dazzling honey brown eyes. Although her formal business suits hid most of her skin, Todd could tell that it was painstakingly tanned to flawlessness. Once, when she had dropped a folder of graphs for an upcoming meeting and had bended down to retrieve it, Todd had caught a glimpse of her succulent ass. However, all of these things were meaningless compared to the aspect of Erika that made her the envy and desire of every man in the office, her colossal breasts. Her boobies were perfect; no man who worked with Todd had ever seen better ones. They were commonly restrained by a tight, 36DDD bra, but once in a very great while, she’d let her massive tits loose and allow them to bounce and jiggle fantastically, inducing incredibly strong bouts of horniness on all of the males in the building. Todd had loved Erika from the moment that he saw her, but was always avoiding her. After a few moments, Todd shook out of his mesmerized state and with a stutter, managed to say,

“Oh, I’m s-sorry. I didn’t…I didn’t know you were still here.”

Erika was usually strict and cold, so Todd was expecting a spiteful response, but tonight, he was greeted with a warm smile. 

“It’s all right, Todd. I just came over to ask you for a favor.”

He nodded.

“Well, it’s just that I needed someone to help me back up some files on my hard drive. I’m purging my PC of old and unused documents and I don’t want to lose anything important. I knew that you’re good with this kind of thing I was just wondering if you’d give me a hand.”

It was true, computers were Todd’s thing. He was teased about it back in high school, when everyone saw him as a geek, but fortunately 10 years later, the taunting had stopped. Todd had retained his nerdy appearance, however, and was still wearing thick glasses, a pocket protector, and penny-loafers. He was tall and lanky and topped with an untidy mop of light brown hair. With a weak grin, Todd nodded again, wishing he could say something witty or clever. Erika smiled and beckoned for him to follow her to his office.

They briskly marched down the blackened hallway to a distant light cascading from an open door at the end of the corridor. All the while, Todd’s horny eyes were glued to his manager’s mouth-watering butt, but he managed to tear them away as they neared the entrance to her office. Erika and Todd strolled inside and over to the desk, where a top-of-the-line desktop was cluttered with papers, post-it notes, and coffee mugs. She promptly sat down and began to explain her dilemma in detail. 

Before long, Todd and his boss were nearing completion, and Todd’s eyes were once again drifting away from the monitor and onto Erika’s cleavage. He had a nice view, too. He was standing over her shoulder, and the first few buttons of her suit were unbuttoned, revealing a magnificent boobcrack.

When Todd was done, and the computer was in the process of shutting down, Erika stood up and faced him. Without giving him time to react, she embraced him tightly, mashing her luscious melons against his frail chest. 

“Thank you so much, Todd. I don’t know what I would have done without you.”

She pulled away, grinning and leaving her employee with an enormous hard-on. She continued to speak as she held his slightly trembling hand.

“I know I can be…well, a bitch sometimes. I’ll admit it, but I’m not always like that. I just hope that we can help each other out like this all the time without feeling uncomfortable, you know?”

She glanced down at her Rolex.

“Hey, Starbucks is still open. Do you wanna grab some coffee?”

Todd wasn’t too fond of Starbucks, but at this point, he’d go anywhere with Erika.

“Sure, that…that sounds great.”

She flashed a radiant smile and grabbed her keys from the desk before Todd turned off the light, she locked the door, and they slowly wandered down the murky halls of the office, casually chatting about their day.

When they arrived at the parking garage, Erika suggested that they take her car, a brand-new, black Mercedes. Todd was happy to oblige and slowly opened the door to the passenger seat. On the way to Starbucks in the downtown region of Seattle, Todd and Erika realized that they actually had a lot in common. Both were huge fans of the reality show, Survivor, ate tuna on a daily basis, and would die to take a trip to Argentina. 

As they entered the seemingly empty coffeehouse, Erika approached the counter and ordered two iced mochas, Todd’s favorite. As they sipped their drinks and gazed out at the soft, summer moon, Erika brought up a topic that Todd both adored and dreaded. She started to talk about sex.

“God, I haven’t had any in such a long time. My last boyfriend moved to Vermont just when things started to heat up. I mean, who the hell lives in Vermont anyway?

Todd managed a weak chortle even though his entire family hailed from Montpelier before she continued.

“When was your last time?”

He frowned and sighed.

“Well, I-I’m a…I’m actually…”

She laid a warm hand onto his.

“Come on, you can tell me.”

He closed his eyes.

“I’m a virgin.”

He was expecting a hysterical laugh, but instead, when he opened his eyes, he was welcomed with a sympathetic smile. Erika squeezed his hand.

“That’s fine! There’s nothing to be ashamed about. In fact, I’m jealous. It’s tough to stay pure nowadays. That’s very impressive.”

He blushed furiously.

“Well, I’ve never really been given that many opportunities…”

She finally laughed.

“You are such a liar! Come on, women must throw themselves at you!”

Todd sorrowfully shook his head.

“Not many girls even notice me.”

“Well, I think you’re cute.”

Todd froze and looked up to see a sincere grin on Erika’s face.

“Really, Todd, I’ve liked you for the longest time, but I’ve always been too scared to say anything.”

“A-are you…are you serious?”

She grabbed his hands and nodded.

“I-I can’t believe this…all of this time, I’ve liked you…I never knew th-that you felt the same way…”

“Well, I do.”

There was a few seconds of awkward silence as a busboy collected their empty cups. Erika broke the quiet when she said something that made Todd’s insides turn uncomfortably.

“Todd…do you want to come over…for the night?”

He didn’t reply but instead seized her hand and raced out of the door, with Erika giggling uncontrollably. She fumbled with her car keys but finally managed to unlock the doors and start up her vehicle. She hastily drove a few minutes, trying to concentrate as Todd felt up her delicious chest under her shirt. When they halted at a red light, a hurried, yet passionate make-out session followed. 

Finally, when they reached the entrance to Erika’s expensive high-rise apartment, she swiftly brought her car to a stop and rushed into the building, racing past the lobby and into the elevator, with Todd on her hand. Before the doors of the lift even closed, Erika shoved Todd against the wall and jammed her hot tongue down his throat. They prolonged this passionate kiss as Todd’s hands found their way to her pleasure mountains and began to squeeze and massage them through her business suit. When the doors slid open once more, Erika and her lover sprint down the hall until they had reached a set of double doors with a golden 54 on them. As she inserted the keys into the slot, Todd held her by her curvy hips and began to plant warm kisses all over her neck. The door swung open and the lovers barely made it to couch before Todd ripped his manager’s suit open with a horny growl.

Erika giggled and closed her eyes as he tore down her suit and tossed it into the kitchen. It was followed by a silk, button down shirt. All that separated Todd and the titties that he had lusted over for so long was a lacy, purple bra. As he reached his hands around her and undid the clasp, Erika pulled him in for another kiss. As he pulled away, so did the bra and his eyes finally got a glimpse of her wondrous breasts. 

They were beyond words. Each boob jiggled for a moment before sinking down to either side of her chest, where they remained. They were tan, and the skin was smooth and soft. Each was topped with a rock-hard nipple that protruded about half of an inch from the pink areola. She grinned as he stared in awe.

“Go on, baby, give ‘em a squeeze.”

“You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do this…”

“Well, now you have your chance. Come on, play with them.”

Todd obeyed and moved a shaking hand downward until it made contact with warm, supple titflesh. It was pure ecstasy as his hands ran over the delicious skin, brushing an erect nipple every once in a while. He proceeded to push Erika’s boobs together from the sides give them a little squeeze, inducing a soft moan on her part. The squeezing and squashing became stronger as Todd massaged and kneaded the workable flesh like dough. While he rubbed Erika’s mammoth tits, she had found her way to his stiff pole and had begun to stroke it slowly.

Meanwhile, Todd had started pinching and tweaking Erika’s nipples and finally grabbed a handful of boob and stuffed it into his mouth. It was unexpected and stimulated a scream of pleasure on his boss’s part. Todd sucked that boob hard. Within a matter of seconds, a nice-sized hickey had developed, and when his mouth wandered away, a spot of saliva dripped down her chest. When Todd’s tongue brushed over a rigid nipple, he darted his tongue at it and then began to suck it as vigorously as possible. Todd was feeling so many sensations of incomprehensible pleasure, he thought he would explode. One of Erika’s huge boobs (or at least what he could fit) was in his mouth, the other was being furiously squeezed, and his throbbing cock was being fondled by the hottest woman he had ever seen.

While Todd was having his way with her rack, Erika had managed to rip down his pants and was in the process of pulling down his boxers. She succeeded and his 8-inch dong flung out, it’s heat radiating onto her wrist. She pulled away and moved down until she was eye-level with his dick.

“Mmmm…” she moaned as she seized it tightly and thrusted it into her mouth. Todd almost had a heart attack; this was his first blowjob ever. He groaned in bliss as she snaked her tongue down the ultra-sensitive underside and sucked hard on the throbbing head. She smiled and moaned as she leisurely moved back and forth. While she did so, Todd’s hands found her titties and he had started up his fondling session once more. They were slippery and dripping from his recent sucking and felt incredible.

Todd was on the verge of climax when Erika slowly slid her out of her mouth. Shaking her hair back, she retrieved her scrumptious boobies from Todd’s grasp and lifted them until they were at the same height as his soaked and sweltering penis. Before beginning the first tittyfuck of his life, she planted a kiss on the tip of his cock and whispered,

“I love you.”

Todd didn’t have time to respond, because she had mashed her drenched boobs together and shoved his dick inside. It was like heaven. The warm shelter for his penis was mind-blowing. She grinned and continued by rapidly jiggling her breasts up and down. Todd could barely stand, it felt unbelievable. He was on the brink of orgasm when she stopped and grabbed his shaft. Aiming it into her mouth, she stroked him rigorously until he roared with satisfaction beyond his wildest dreams and pumped ropes of hot seed into her inviting mouth and all over her full, red lips. He moaned as the last few drops landed on her breasts. Panting, she took his still-erect dick into her mouth and blew him gradually him until he was limp once more. 

With a massive sigh, Todd collapsed onto the couch, with Erika following and plopped onto his lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him gently as he played with her rack in exhaustion. 

The next morning, the lovers called in sick and had much more fun than the night before.