 Author's Notes:

*"Chakkar" is a multipurpose colloquial Hindi word, in the present context meaning "affair".

To get the best out of this story, I suggest that you should read Ch. 01 to 03 of "My Chakkar With SC" before reading on.

*****

It was a few weeks after my last phone conversation with SC. I checked into a hotel upon my arrival in Mumbai on tour (in a different hotel, just as a precaution). I called SC and suggested a meeting that evening, giving her the details of my hotel room. She sounded rather remote and impersonal and appeared reluctant to meet me. She agreed after a bit of persuasion, but added a condition. 

"I don't want to meet in your room. Let's meet in the coffee shop, as usual." She said. 

I was a bit puzzled by her strange mood, but agreed with her suggestion. 

"SC is everything OK?" I asked. 

"Yes, OK." She replied cryptically and hung up.

She looked agitated when she walked into the coffee shop. Her face was drawn and there were dark circles under her eyes. Her usual chirpiness was missing. All the same, her eyes had lost none of their inner fire and looked devastatingly sexy as they flashed in anger. 

"What's the matter?" I asked after she sat down. 

"How can you ask such a question, you heartless pig? You led me astray! I have not been able to sleep for the past so many days." She said, voice choked, close to tears. She was getting hysterical. I was sure she would soon precipitate a big scene if I didn't do something fast. 

"SC, this is not the place to talk about these things. Let's go to my room. I promise I won't even touch you if you don't want me to, trust me." I said. I wrote down my room number on a piece of paper and gave it to her, then quickly got up and went to my room, leaving her behind, uncertain about what she would do next. 

I didn't have to wait long. There was a sharp knock on the door. She barged in as soon as the door was opened and launched into a tirade even before I could close it after her. I listened impassively, trying to make sense out of the torrent of words pouring out. It soon became clear that she was having a severe attack of conscience. 

Basically, she was feeling guilty about having been unfaithful to her hubby and she held me responsible for it, quite forgetting her own proactive role by outrageously flirting with me and leading me on. From her frequent references to "pleasure not being the most important thing in life" I got the curious impression that she felt the guilt all the more sharply because she had derived so much pleasure from our dalliance, something her hubby had not been able to give her. I was mystified by this belated attack of conscience. She had seemed to be quite gung ho about our relationship the last time we were together, when she had not only promised to be my woman, she in fact had appeared to be completely unfazed by the possibility of becoming pregnant with my child.

I had fought with my own demons after that memorable afternoon, but I didn't hold SC responsible for my actions; nor did I feel any guilt now. The way I rationalized it, my affair with SC was an absorbing diversion, to enliven the monotony of sex with my wife. I also knew that in return, I had given SC something she had not experienced before and would perhaps never get from her husband: sexual fulfillment. As for my wife, so long as she did not come to know she would not be hurt. I couldn't see any harm; after all I was not about to forsake my wife. 

SC had willy-nilly succeeded in awakening the devil in me. I had derived such intense pleasure fucking her that I was not about to give it up. In fact I started getting hard even as I listened to her. I was determined to take her again and keep her mine. But first, I had to make her snap out of her hysterical tantrum. So I rudely cut short her flow of words by giving a light but sharp slap across her cheek. This was so sudden and unexpected that she fell silent, stunned. 

"You bitch! You forget that you gave yourself to me. You are mine now. I took you that day and I will take you again anytime I want. Don't you dare refuse me!" I said, pulling her roughly towards me. I grabbed her by her hair, pulled her face up and kissed her on her mouth, sucking her full lips into my mouth. Muffled cries rose from her throat for a while and then she fell silent. 

She was a different person the moment I released her. All fight had gone out of her and I could see lust in her eyes; the eyelids had become slightly swollen and fine reddish threads could be seen against the whites of her eyes. Her bosom rose and fell in time with her quick, shallow breathing. 

"Don't fight me, honey. I am going to take you and you are going to enjoy it. Yes?" I asked.

"Yes…" She whispered back, after a little hesitation. 

I pushed my hand under her pallu and stroked her breasts. My hand moved lower and caressed her bare belly. All the while, she continued to look at me, hypnotized by my gaze. I pulled her sari out, tugged at the drawstring of the petticoat and undid the knot. Both my hands moved around her waist and worked the petticoat over her hips. Her sari and petticoat lay pooled around her feet, the pallu still incongruously pinned to her blouse. My hand pushed under the waistband of her panties until my finger found her slit. Her pussy was hot and wet. She let out a soft moan and held her breath expectantly as my finger slowly moved up and down her slit, not going in. 

I stopped and commanded her, "Show me your breasts!" 

Obediently, she unpinned her pallu and let it drop. Then she slowly unfastened the hooks of her front opening blouse and shrugged it off her shoulders. She reached behind and unhooked her bra, slipping it off. All this while, her eyes gazed at mine and a strange half-smile played on her lips. Then she pulled her shoulders back slightly and thrust out her bare bosom, offering it to me. I looked at her with questioning eyes, my hands still. She grasped my hands in hers, slowly raised them and rested them on her naked breasts. I obliged her, fondling her breasts, pinching and suckling on her nipples, taking my pleasure at a leisurely pace. She kept uttering soft, mewling sounds in her throat as I suckled and caressed her breasts.

"Have you started on the pill?" I asked. She shook her head in the negative. 

"Why not?" I asked. There was no response. She just hung her head.

"You have been a very bad girl. You know I hate using condoms. So, today I will teach you to suck my cock and make me cum in your mouth. If you want my cock in your pussy, you better go on the pill from tomorrow. OK?" I asked.

"Yes." She whispered.

"Yes, what?" I asked.

"I will start on the pill from tomorrow." She said obediently.

"Good!" I said. "But first, the punishment for being such a bad girl. Come here, lie down across my lap." I ordered, sitting on the bed. I pulled down the panties, exposing her buttocks. I slapped her buttocks half a dozen times, hard enough to sting but not so hard as to hurt badly. She uttered a muffled cry every time a slap landed and her eyes were moist when I helped her up again. 

Then, I stood up and made her kneel before me. Under my directions, she unlaced and took off my shoes, then unbuckled my belt, unzipped my trousers and eased them off too. Finally, she pulled down my briefs and freed my cock. I sat down in an armless chair and she knelt between my knees. I held her by her hair and guided her mouth slowly to my cock. As taught earlier, she gently pulled back my foreskin and then proceeded to lick and kiss my cock head while caressing my testicles with her hand. My cock quickly became fully hard and sticky fluid started to leak out. 

I held my cock with one hand while I continued to hold her by her hair with the other. I slowly moved my cock all over her face, cheeks, forehead, eyelids… Her lips opened slightly as I drew my cock across them and then I slipped my cock inside her mouth with a twitch of my hips. Under my guidance, she started to lick and suck my cock, trying to take it in as far as she could. I started to fuck her mouth with shallow thrusts of my hips, not pushing it into her throat. She would need some time and practice before she learnt to take it in her throat and I didn't want her to choke on her first attempt at fellatio. Her naked breasts jiggled in time with my movements. I quickened my thrusts as my orgasm built up until suddenly I started to squirt semen into her mouth. She was startled and pulled her head back, my cock slipping out of her mouth. A few squirts of semen landed on her face.

She showed no revulsion at my ejaculating in her mouth and on her face. She quickly got up and went to the bathroom. When she returned she was carrying a wet napkin. Again, she squatted between my knees and proceeded to clean me up as I had taught her. She had already cleaned herself up in the bathroom. 

"Did… did I make you happy?" She asked shyly. 

"Yes honey, you made me very happy. You will soon become a damn good cocksucker." I told her. I was indeed pleased with her. 

"Did you like the taste of my semen?" I asked. 

"Umm… It was just OK, I guess. I think maybe I will grow to like it." She said. 

"The next time, I am going to push my cock in your throat all the way and I want you to swallow my semen. Will you do that for me, honey?" I asked. She again nodded an affirmative. 

"Good girl! Now just lie back and relax. Today I'm going to give you a nice finger fucking. But the next time you better be on the pill, because then I'm going to ram my naked cock into your pussy." I told her.

Then I made her lie across my lap with her thighs spread apart. I finger fucked her with three fingers while stimulating her clitoris with my thumb and brought her to climax two times in fifteen minutes. Her eyes were wet with tears as she lovingly looked at me.

"Ooh Sam… it was so wonderful. I feel like a complete woman now. Thank you…"

"Sshhh…" I shut her up by covering her lips with mine. But she hadn't finished what she wanted to say. After a while, she disengaged her lips from mine and pushed my face away a little so that she could peer into my eyes. 

"I am so sorry I behaved like a bitch. Please forgive me." She said.

"It's OK, honey. I understand. Don't apologize please." I consoled.

"I didn't mean all the mean things I said to you. It's just that I was so confused…" She trailed off as I hugged her. "But I am very clear now. I am your woman. I belong to you." She finished.

"Honey, I'm so sorry that I slapped you and used force to... please forgive me." I said.

"Oh no, Sam! Thank God you did that! Otherwise I would have gone home confused, frustrated and dissatisfied. Your slaps really cleared my mind… and they made me so hot too! Mmmmm…!" She responded, lightly rubbing herself against me.

"SC, I am sorry to bring this up now, but you know me; I hate false pretences and I don't want you to expect something from me that I can't give you. So please listen carefully and don't get upset." I said.

"OK, I'm ready." She said, after pausing for a while and taking a deep breath.

"I've have had some of the hottest sex in my life with you. I am totally infatuated with you. But as you know, I'm a married man with two kids and I love my wife. You too are married & have two kids yourself and I'm sure you love your family too. There is no question of my leaving my wife & kids for your sake. I hope you understand." I said.

"And…?" She prompted.

"We can continue to meet like this for as long as you and I both want to. We can enjoy each other's company and have as much intimacy as we want. But neither of us must make any demands that can't be fulfilled without affecting our marriages. Can you live with that?" I finished.

"What if I said no?" She asked.

"Well, in that case this would be our last meeting." I said with a finality in my voice that left her in no doubt that I was deadly serious. She closed her eyes and seemed to be in deep thought. She opened them again after a long pause. 

"In the last few weeks you have turned my life topsy-turvy. My mind has been in a whirl. My body is now awakened, as it never was for the last thirty years. You are like a drug. I have become addicted to you. I can't do without you. I have given myself to you completely. I'll take whatever you can give me." She replied. 

"Honey, I am honored. I'll give you such pleasure that you cannot imagine. I promise you." I responded.

We kissed and cuddled for another half an hour before she finally dressed and kissed me goodbye, hurrying home. She was in a post-coital daze, relaxed and happy, humming under her breath.