 It was the middle of December and I was on the phone with my new girlfriend, Kandy. She is a nurse and we met while I was in the hospital and we have since become friends and lovers. She has been at home recuperating from a cold. 

I continued the conversation on the phone and said, "You know Kandy, I can just see you under my Christmas tree, with only a purple bow tied around your naked body. WOW, what a Christmas treat!" 

She giggled into the phone and replied, "Well darling, it's not Christmas yet. I swear all you men think about is sex! I was just about to call you when the phone rang. I wanted to tell you how much I miss your tender loving care. When can you come over?"

Well, little did she know I had decided to pay her a visit that night and treat her special for a change. I replied, "Kandy, how about tonight, say 8pm?"

She quickly responded, "You have a date! See you around 8pm." 

When I knocked on the door, Kandy met me with open arms and a kiss that curled my toes. When I stepped back, she looked so damn sexy in her purple robe and fuzzy slippers. What can I say? Kandy looks hot in just about anything!

She told me she was about to step into the shower and put on something special for me. 

Kandy giggled and blushed, "Maybe so, but I want a shower anyways."

I kissed her again and said, "Want some company in the shower, doll? I think it is time daddy gives you some of his special-tender-loving care."

Kandy's eyes lit up and she squealed, "You betcha! I thought I was going to have to send you a telegram saying, "Come over and light my fire! "

I told her to wait for a moment then I proceeded into the bathroom. I wanted to set the mood with something sensual and aromatic. I placed lit candles around the room and put in her favorite soft romantic music. You know, the kind of music that should have a label that reads, fucking music! 

I walked into the bedroom stripping as I went and said, "The warm waters of an erotic shower await you!" 

Not to mention that my semi hard cock was telling her, "Hurry up will you, I need a fucking!"

Kandy grinned, dropped her robe and shouted, "I was wondering if you were drilling a new well or something!" 

We walked arm and arm into the bathroom. I turned the water on, adjusted the temperature and helped her in first then joined her. I could tell by the look in her eyes that my Kandy was ready for some sexy water fun.

My lips pressed hers as my hands groped the sexiest set of tits a man could ever handle. We kissed long and hard as my eight inches grew to the occasion. 

I smiled and said, "You know Kandy, it takes to hands to handle this whooper!" 

She wrapped her long fingers around my cock stroking me firmly but slowly until my member was rock hard. 

Kandy purred, "I missed you baby! I cannot wait to feel your cock inside my hot pussy!" 

As soon as she said those words, I turned her around and I slid my tool into her hot box from behind. She wrapped her pussy muscles around my cock and began to milk me slowly. I took my hands and placed then on her breasts. I rolled her hardening nipples in my fingers in unison of our fucking rhythm. 

She leaned into me and said, "Oh love, fuck me! Make your Kandy cum!"

I rammed her cunt like a well-oiled pump. I fucked her hot box in and out with a steady deep pace. She turned just enough so we could kiss and began to tremble and pant. I knew then she had hit climax number one. My doll can cum many times. 

I pulled her close and sucked on her tongue as my hot cum blasted off deep inside her pussy. Then I uttered, "Oh Kandy, you are the best lover I have ever had! I love you doll!" 

We then began to lather each other up making sure to tantalize each other's erogenous zones. Then we kissed as the warm water and aromatic fumes tickled our senses. 

Kandy whispered, "Let's get out of this shower and have some more fun!"

We stepped out of the shower and returned to the bedroom. I made her sit on the bed, brought the towel up and began drying her long brown hair. As I did, I thought to myself, "Oh man, how I could have found such a beautiful woman. " 

Kandy dried me off, and I got incredibly turned on again! I love having a towel rubbed over every part of my body, especially my cock and balls. I almost blew my load again! 

We then lay down facing each other and continued to kiss passionately. I nibbled on her ear and uttered, "Lay back and let me eat your sweet pussy!" 

She laid back and I kissed my way down to her hot box, then began running my tongue the length of her slit. I encircled her clit and tongue fucked her hole. I could eat her for hours on end. Oh my god, she tasted like pure honey!

She arched her back and squealed, "Oh fuck baby, do not stop! Oh, yes, just like that! You can do that all night if you want; hot-damn I love your hot tongue."

Kandy quivered from head to toe and screamed, "Yes! " My face and chin with completely covered with her cum.

She composed herself and said, "Lay on your back now and do not move a muscle. " 

She began to run her fingers softly all over my body. Damn her, she knows I am a sucker for a massage and soon I started falling asleep. 

I was in a daze and felt her hands playing with hairs on my chest. She then moved down and began rubbing my legs from toes to all the way up. My cock got excited as her magical touch glided across my body. 

Kandy continued to fondle me all over except for my cock. My cock was straight up and precum started to flow. She grasped my cock with her right hand. She gently started stroking my cock while she flicking and kissing the tip of my cock with her tongue. 

She said, "Time for my Christmas Treat. Now just relax, Nurse Kandy will take good care of you. After all you are the sweetest candy cane I ever sucked!" 

Soon I moaned and pushed my hips into her mouth every time she went down on me. 

I swear Kandy could suck the stripes off a candy cane and straighten out the bend in less then three minutes. I was completely in my favorite sexy nurse's hands. I closed my eyes and utter, "Ooooh fuck! Kandy, do not stop! I love what you are doing to me! "

When I opened my eyes and she was straddling me and mounting my throbbing manhood. Kandy's pussy was wet and tight and felt like a velvet glove around my cock. Her tits are started to bounce as she is going up and down on me. I reached out, massaged her breasts, and twisted her erect nipples. 

Kandy screamed as she came down hard on me, "Yes, fuck me hard! Oh my god I love the way you make me feel when you make love to me!"

I yelled, "Ooooh my sweet Kandy! I am going to cum!" 

My cock became rigid. She stopped moving and down her vaginal muscles gripped my pulsating cock. As I spewed my sperm into her, she moaned loudly and milked me. 

I start became limp when I felt her having another orgasm. Her body is jerked and I felt her cuming with so much fluid that it covered my balls and created a large wet spot on the bed. 

We lay back in each other's arms, breathing heavy and very exhausted. I looked over at her, gave her a wink and a devilish smile saying, "Kandy, did you like my Christmas treat?" 

Kandy just smiled and replied, "Well I did ask Santa for a pony once! I knew that eventually I would get my wish. As you do have a nice pony and I to would like to ride him again...and again. After all Christmas is a week away and the fun has just begun!"

Happy Holidays to my editor and readers here on Literotica...Kandy