 When I saw the notice on the market bulletin board, "College Girl Cleans Houses-- Responsible, Thorough and Fast" I impulsively wrote down the number. It's surprising how an idea hits you. I live alone in a small cabin in the woods, but I'm always so busy on my writing projects and gardening that I don't keep up with cleaning as well as I should. So when I saw the notice, I said, "Why not?" 

When I got home, I called her number, obviously a cell phone, and told her I saw her notice and was looking for someone to clean. She told me her name was Vicki and charged fifteen bucks an hour. Her voice was perky on the phone and when she said, "I take morning classes and can come over any afternoon so how about I come over at 4 to take a look," I was impressed with how she took control and handled herself. She seemed confident and organized. 

I gave her directions and, of course, straightened up a little before she arrived so she wouldn't think I was a total slob. She pulled up in my driveway at four on the button. When I opened the door, she said, "Hi, I'm Vicki." She reached out to shake my hand. 

"I'm Thom. Thanks for coming over so quickly." As we shook hands, I was stunned by how gorgeous she was. I didn't expect that the person who might clean my house would be such a knock out. While she walked around and checked the place out, I was checking her out. 

"Cool place," she said. "I like all the wood." She walked ahead of me and I couldn't keep my eyes off her round ass in her tight jeans. I could not believe how sexy she looked. She wore a yellow tank top, cut low in the front. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra because not only did her nipples show, but her cleavage did too. She was small, maybe five feet three or four but she had big tits and clearly liked to show off her body. She had long dark hair, tied in pig-tails that made her look like an innocent teen-ager. She walked into the bathroom, then into the kitchen area taking everything in. I showed her my little office and then my bedroom at the other end of the cabin. 

"Nice place," she said, looking up at me. "It'll take four or five hours the first time, then maybe two or three after that." She went to the window in my dining area and looked out at the trees around the cabin and the bird feeders at my window. "This is really a cool place, Thom," she said, turning to me. "I like how it feels here."

She caught me looking at her tits and smiled but didn't say anything. "So you're a writer," she said, "What do you write?"

"Novels for young adults, poetry and I have a column for an education magazine," I said, trying to get my mind off of her body. 

"Cool," she answered and smiled, looking me in the eyes. "You seem like an interesting guy," she added. "I think I'm going to like working for you." 

"So, what are you majoring in at college?" I asked. 

"Right now I'm a Theater Major and want to be an actress, but I'm taking English as a minor in case I want to teach." 

After an awkward silence in which we just stood and looked at each other, she asked how old I was.

"I told her I was 62" 

"I'm twenty-five," she told me without my asking. "I traveled for a few years before college and worked to save money." She paused and said, "By the way, you look great for your age. I love gray hair and I have a thing for older men." She looked me in the eyes when she said that and smiled. 

She then looked at her watch and said, "I better get going. I can come back on Saturday morning to clean, if that works for you—say about nine."

"Fine," I said, and walked her to the door. When she walked down the path to her car, I couldn't take my eyes off her round ass and how her hips swayed as she walked. Half way to her car, she turned, smiled and waved at me. The way she looked at me suggested she knew I liked what I was seeing and she liked showing it to me. There was a definite sexual tension between us. Her comment about older men intrigued me.

Though the thought of fucking her entered my mind, I also realized she was ten years younger than my daughter and decided I would keep this a working relationship. I couldn't let anything happen because of the age difference and I didn't want to take advantage of a young girl working her way through college. The thought of being a dirty old man appalled me. I admitted though that she was hot. 

When she arrived on Saturday morning at 9 on the dot, she knocked on my screen door and yelled, "I'm here." I let her in and was dazzled by how sexy she looked in a tight pair of low riser cut-off jeans that couldn't have been any shorter or tighter. She wore a white t-shirt and it was obvious she had no bra because, again, her nipples were visible. The shirt was cut to reveal her stomach. Her hair was in a long pony tail that went down passed her shoulders. 

"I'm ready for action," she said, looking me in the eyes and smiling suggestively. She then walked to the kitchen sink were she knew I kept the cleaning supplies. The way she said "action," clearly was meant to have sexual connotations. I tried to ignore her double meaning and dismissed the idea that she was flirting with me. When she bent over to get the supplies out from under the sink, her round ass looked so tantalizing I had to turn away, but found myself unable to keep my eyes off of her. I felt my cock get hard looking at her and said, "I'll be in my office if you need anything." I had to get away from her. 

Sitting in my chair, staring at my computer, I couldn't get Vicki out of my mind. I was determined to not let anything happen. I didn't want to get involved with a young girl, someone younger than my daughter. I had been divorced for several years and had no sexual relations. I visited Literotica and a few other sites to get sexual relief but never believed I would have a sexy young woman like Vicki in my cabin. Still, I was determined to not have a sexual relationship with someone so young no matter how tempting it would be. 

I managed to get down to work and was concentrating on the article I was writing. I heard her moving about but we had no contact for at least two hours. One time she came in and said she was going to take a fifteen minute break and asked if I would like some tea. 

"Sure," I said, glancing up at her in my doorway. I couldn't help look at how her tits stretched the tight t-shirt and how her nipples protruded. 

"Cool, I'll make some and bring it to you." she said, smiling, noticing I was looking at her tits, even though I glanced away quickly to my computer.

When she came back with my tea, she put the cup on my desk and was standing close to me. Her bare thigh touched my leg. She had her tea cup in her other hand, took a sip and looked down at me over her cup. Our eyes met and she smiled at me. 

"Thanks for the tea," I said, her leg still against mine. I turned my chair to face her forcing her to back up a little and lean against my desk. She was still close and I noticed how tight her jeans were on her crotch. "Damn, she's sexy" I said to myself, trying to keep from getting aroused by how close she was and how she was looking at me. Unfortunately I was not successful and saw her look at the bulge in my jeans. 

She smiled as she looked at my crotch and knew I had my eyes on her crotch as she leaned on my desk with her legs spread. "Was she opening herself to me on purpose?"Is she teasing me?" I wondered,trying to look away. She took a sip of her tea and said, "Well, I better get back to work." As she left, I looked at her ass in her tight cut-offs and it was all I could do not to leap up and grab her and fuck her on the floor. We both knew we had a shared a very hot moment.

I got back to my article and heard Vicki working on the other side of the cabin. After an hour or so, I got up to stretch and saw her on a small step ladder dusting a shelf. I walked into the room and looked around. "You sure do a thorough job," I said. "This room has never looked so good." 

I was standing in back of her next to the ladder as she reached the shelf above her head. She had one leg on the top of the ladder, the other on the step below, causing her ass cheeks to show from under the tight cut-offs. Because of her position on the ladder, her ass was at eye level. I could not believe how round and luscious her ass looked as the seam went into the crack of her ass. 

"I'd love to rub my cock against that tight ass," I thought then got upset at myself for allowing myself to be seduced by her body, "I've got to stay away from her before I do something I regret," I said, trying to look away. 

"I'm almost done" she said, smiling down at me, our eyes meeting. "This ladder's a little wobbly, would you mind holding it for minute." 

I bent over to hold the ladder as she reached to dust the shelf above her head. Being so close to her bare legs and her cut-off jeans being stretched to the splitting point over her round ass was driving me crazy and I felt an erection growing. 

"That's it," she said and stepped down from the ladder. When she got to the bottom step, she stumbled and fell against me. I grabbed her arms to steady her but her tits pushed against my chest. As I held her, I looked down and saw her cleavage through her low cut shirt. 

"Sorry," she said, as she stepped back. When she bent over to fold and pick up the step ladder, she looked at the bulge in my jeans then looked me in the eyes. She smiled slightly but didn't say anything. I was embarrassed by her knowing the effect she was having on me but tried to ignore what had just happened. 

I took the ladder and tried to hide the bulge in my pants as I followed her back to the kitchen, but I was not able to keep my eyes off of her ass as she swayed her hips. "Was she teasing me?" I wondered,again. "Or is this just the way she is?" I didn't know but I was determined not to let my lust for her get out of hand. 

After I put the ladder away in the closet and Vicki gathered the cleaning supplies and put them under the sink, she asked, "Mind if I sit a minute before I go. I gave myself a workout today." "Of course not," I said. I have a lazy boy recliner reading chair right in front of my wood stove that allows you to put your legs up. Vicki plopped down with a sigh and stretched her arms above her head causing her T-shirt to strain against her tits. She sat back on the chair and spread her legs revealing her crotch. She closed her eyes a minute then looked up at me obviously enjoying how I was looking at her. 

I suddenly realized that Vicki was a cock tease and that she was playing with me. She liked being seductive and getting me to look at her, but she was just teasing me. I didn't say anything and walked back towards the kitchen to get a glass of water. I was trying to ignore her seductive way and determined not to let anything happen. I was also getting angry with her teasing me by the way she dressed and acted, but didn't know what to do. "Damn her, she's driving me crazy and she knows it!" I wondered whether I should end having her work for me before something happened between us. 

"So, when would you like me to come back and clean again?" she asked. 

I looked down at her on my chair-- her legs spread, her jeans tight on her crotch, her tits bulging through her T-shirt. 

"I'll call you when I want you to clean again," I said, looking away. 

"Oh, I thought I'd come back in two weeks or so. I did a thorough job. The next time shouldn't take so long." 

I'm sure you're right," I said. "I need to think about whether I can keep up with it myself or have you back," I lied.

"Is there anything wrong with how I clean?" she asked. The expression on her face changed to a sad pout.

"Oh, no, you did a great job. I'm happy with how the place looks."

I had already written her a check and handed it to her.

She stood up and walked over to me, standing very close, looking into my eyes. "Is it how I make you feel when you look at me?" She asked, coyly, her tits touching my arm.

"Not at all," I lied again. "I just think I'd rather call you when I'm ready to have the place cleaned again." 

Her eyes darkened and her smile disappeared. "Suit your self," she said, angrily. "I better get going." She was still standing close to me. She looked me in the eyes, nodding knowingly, but she was clearly upset. 

Though we were both feeling angry, at the same time, I was getting aroused by her being so close and for a second I wanted to grab her and fuck her and teach her a lesson for being a cock tease. 

"I'm out of here," she said, walking to the screen door, then turned, "See you around, Thom." 

She left and walked quickly up the path. I went to the door and yelled, "I'll call you in a few weeks." 

I was upset that I had hurt her feelings. At the same time, I couldn't take my eyes off of that ass of hers as she walked away and thought, "Damn she's sexy." I felt like a fool and wondered whether I made a big mistake. It's not everyday you have a sexy young girl trying to seduce you. 

That night, I was sitting in my chair, reading, when I heard a car drive down my lane to my parking area. I glanced up at the clock and saw it was ten o'clock. I wondered who would be coming to my cabin so late at night. I rarely have visitors during the day, let alone at night. I went to the door, turned on the outside light and saw it was Vicki walking up my path. 

I opened the door and let her in. She didn't say a word but just looked at me. Her hair was combed out and long. She wore a short, tight denim skirt that was mid thigh and a white peasant blouse that was cut very low revealing her cleavage. Again, she was not wearing a bra and I could see her nipples through the thin material. 

"What brings you here so late at night?" I asked. 

"You know why I'm here," she said, looking into my eyes.

"No, I don't. I'm surprised to see you, especially after how angry you were when you left."

"Do you know why I was angry?" she asked. 

"I assume because I didn't say to come back in two weeks." I answered. 

"No, that's not why," she said. 

"Then why?" I asked. "Why are you angry?"

She stepped closer and brought her face close to mine, looking me in the eyes. "I'm angry because you're dishonest, that's why."

"What do you mean, dishonest?" I asked. 

She then did something that completely surprised me. She grabbed my balls and said, "You're dishonest because you wanted to fuck me today and pretended you didn't. The way you looked at my tits and my ass and I saw your cock bulging in your pants. I was driving you crazy. You wanted to fuck me, didn't you? Admit it!" 

She then rubbed her hand up and down my hard cock and said, "You're dishonest because you were pretending to be moral, but you were denying how I turned you on..you phony! I could tell by your eyes how much you wanted to fuck me and it was turning me on." She then turned around and pushed her ass up against my cock, moving up and down and wiggling it against my erection. "You like how that feels don't you—you phony horny bastard? You want to fuck me, don't you?"

I could not believe what was happening. I closed my eyes while she rubbed against me. At first I wanted to push her away and explain my conflict but I was too aroused. She was getting me too horny. Suddenly, I grabbed her hips and pulled her into me harder, and rubbed my cock harder against the crack of her ass. She looked back at me and smiled and said, "I like that, ummmmmmmmmm. Now you're being honest, you fucking bastard." Her dirty, aggressive talk was really turning me on. 

She then moved away and turned around. She put her hands on my ass and was rubbing her cunt against my cock. She looked at me and said, "When I left today I was angry at you and then tonight when I was thinking about you I found my self getting hornier and hornier. At first I was afraid to come. I didn't know how you would act,but then I decided what the hell, I wanted you to fuck me. You can throw me out now or take me." 

I could not believe my ears. What an extraordinary turn of events to have this sexy vixen come to me begging me to fuck her. 

She looked so sexy in that tight short skirt, her tits barely contained by her blouse, her lusty eyes looking at me. 

"Fuck me," she said, coming closer. She again started rubbing her hand up and down my cock. "Fuck me hard!"

Suddenly, all the pent up lust I felt for her exploded in me and I grabbed her and pulled her hard against me. I started kissing her, our tongues swirling furiously inside each other's mouth. Our pelvises were pounding against each other. My cock was pressed against her cunt, going up and down. Our hands were grabbing each others' ass, pulling us against each other as our desperate, horny lust took over. 

She unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down while I lifted her tight skirt and ripped her panties off. I put my hand on her mound and felt how wet she was and heard her moan. We were still kissing. I pulled her blouse off and started rubbing her big tits, pinching her nipples, but still kissed hard, our lips hurting each other. We were both out of our minds, our tongues dueling. 

I was standing in front of my lazy boy recliner. She pulled away from me, went to the chair, laid down, opening her legs to me, looking up at me and said, "Come get me Thom. Fuck me now!" 

The sight of this young girl lying there with her legs wide open, rubbing her tits and begging me to fuck her was more than I could stand. I kneeled down between her legs, held my cock. She was looking at it and said, "My God, you're huge." She then spread her legs wider as I crawled between. "FUCK ME!" she yelled, wrapping her legs around my back and pulling me into her. 

She was so wet and I was so hard that I just thrust into her tight cunt and rammed her as I hard as I could. After a few hard thrusts, I decided to give her a little of her medicine and pulled out.

"NO! NO!" she yelled. "Keep fucking me. Don't stop!" 

I was teasing the outside of her pussy with my cock, moving it around her pussy lips while she was arching up trying to get me to thrust into her. I liked how desperate she was and wanted to tantalize her the way she tantalized me earlier in the day. "Two can play the teasing game," I said.

I then stood up over her with my legs spread on either side of the chair. My cock was hard as a steel rod. Vicki looked up at me, her skirt hunched up over her waist, her legs spread, her cunt wide open. She was panting heavily as her hungry eye looked up at me and at my hard cock dangling over her. I felt like a warrior with my conquest waiting to be ravished. 

"Don't tease me," she said, her mouth hanging open, "Please, I can't stand it."

"Can't stand what?" I asked, looking down at her. She looked me in the eyes and then at my cock. She reached up, her arms trying to grab me and pull me into her. 

"Can't stand what? What can't you stand?" I asked sternly, pushing her arms away.

"You know what I want, you bastard!" She yelled. 

I then reached down with my hand and rubbed my finger up and down her wet slit. I teased her with my finger, dipping into her cunt, looking into her desperate eyes. She whimpered, "Ohhhh my God!" as I touched her. My legs were spread as I stood above her, my balls and swollen cock hovering above her panting body. When I stopped touching her, she looked up at me and said, "Don't stop! Don't tease me, damn you," she yelled with a fierce look on her face. "FUCK ME! PLEASE! PLEASE! I CAN'T STAND IT, DAMN YOU. FUCK ME! She was reaching out for my cock. 

I decided to prolong her agony and got down between her legs again and got my tongue on her cunt and she screamed, "Yes, Yes, Eat me!" She was arching her back and thrusting her pussy against my tongue as I moved it up and down her slit, getting my tongue deeper with each swipe of her cunt. My tongue found her extended clit and I lapped at that causing her to shudder and jump and scream, "OH MY GOD! EAT ME! EAT ME!" 
