 Chapter 1 - Patty

Note: I'm posting some of the journal entries from my college years. In case you were wondering the stories are mostly true. Cheers! 

*

I had taken a few years off from college after my freshman year to bum around Europe and South America. By the time I returned to school most of my friends were nearly ready to graduate or had already moved on with their lives. I moved in with two friends from high school, Steve and Pete who were in their last year of school. Both had steady girlfriends so they weren't much interested in going uptown and picking up babes. Steve's girlfriend, Pat, lived with three other girls and she offered to set me up. I would have much rather gotten into her panties as she was hot. She was about five feet, six inches with medium length blond hair a nice round ass and medium sized tits. If Steve hadn't have found her first I would have been all over her. 

The first roommate they set me up with was Karen. She was tall and skinny with short dark hair. She was a nice enough girl but was apparently saving her virginity for her 2nd or 3rd year of marriage. In short we weren't looking for the same things. 

Kathleen was next. She was short and fat but very pleasant. If she'd been interested in spreading her legs on the first date we might have had some laughs. I wasn't interested in investing the time to see if she fucked; I was looking for a babe who would put out on the first date. 

The third roommate they set me up with was Patty. She was an inch or two shorter than Karen and a bit more svelt than Kathleen. She wasn't in the least bit pretty but she had what looked to be a great set of tits, which met my number one criteria. I didn't much care what a girl looked like as long as she had big tits and was easy. Steve told me she had a boyfriend back home but had told Pat she really wanted to go out with me. I took that as an encouraging sign. 

We had a date on Friday. Pete was gone for the weekend to visit his girlfriend, Kathy, and Steve was staying at Pat's apartment so I invited Patty over to our place for drinks. I rode over to the girl's apartment with Steve. We hung out there and drank a bottle of wine. Patty was a great girl. I'd rather have been going home with Pat but, at that point, I was happy to get a chance to score with just about any chick. When we finished the wine Patty said she was ready to go. 

She grabbed a small overnight bag and we were out of there. "I hope you don't mind," she explained on the walk back to my place, "but Pat and I share a room. When Steve stays over I end up on the couch and I'd much rather sleep in a bed." 

"No problem, " I told her, "I think we have a spare bed." 

"Perhaps if you get me drunk enough," she said, holding on to my arm, "you might be able to talk me into your bed. Who knows, this might work out well for everyone."

This date certainly was getting off to a great start. We made it to my place and I asked her what she wanted to drink. "Are you trying to get me drunk?" she asked. 

"You bet your ass I am," I laughed. 

"Then I'll have a vodka on the rocks," she said with a wink. 

I grabbed two large glasses, added a few ice cubes and started pouring the vodka. "Say when," I said. She waited until the glass was full before she looked at me and said, "When." 

Between the two glasses I had poured nearly half a fifth of vodka. "Cheers," she said, raising her glass and drank most of it. She sat the glass on the counter, reached down and pulled off her shirt. She grinned and said, "I think I'm drunk enough. Why don't we find your room and we can play show and tell." 

I led her on back and stood with my mouth agape as she reached behind her back, unsnapped her bra, and let it slide to the floor. I could barely believe this was happening. Patty had the biggest set of tits I had ever seen up close and personal. Well, to confess, you could count on one hand the number of naked girl's tits I had seen in person. They jutted out from her chest and gently sagged from their sheer weight. "Those, madam," I told her, "are the most beautiful set of tits I have ever seen."

"Thanks but it's your turn," she slurred, "I better sit down."

She fell into the bed and sat watching eagerly as I fumbled with my pants. I was pretty drunk myself so it took me awhile to lose my drawers. When I did finally drop them to the floor I heard Patty catch her breath. "Oh my," she whispered, "you're fucking huge." I hadn't been naked in front of too many girls so I had to take her word for it. I knew my cock was big but I hadn't spent a lot of time thinking about it. She reached out and gently stroked me as if worried it might be a mirage. "How big are you?" she asked.

"I've never thought about it," I replied.

She got up and started rummaging through my desk. "Do you have a ruler in here?" she asked. She actually found one and came over and held it up to my dick. "Holy shit!" she exclaimed, "ten inches. That's at least 3" longer than I've ever had. What are you doing for the rest of your life?"

"Fucking you if I'm lucky," I smiled.

"Oh we're both going to be lucky," she grinned. She pushed me over on the bed and crawled on top of me. She stopped at my cock and started licking my shaft like a giant lollipop. I hadn't been laid in over a year and I knew it would only take about 30 seconds of her doing that and I'd be cuming all over. I didn't want her to know what a geek I was; I was hoping to be able to fuck her again sometime. I did the only thing I could think of. I grabbed her and rolled her chubby ass over saying, "Ladies first."

"Ooh," she purred as she spread her legs, "a gentleman." 

Not really. I didn't want to cum the instant her lips touched my cock and show her what a rookie I was. I wanted her to think I knew how to use my 10" cock so perhaps she'd want to fuck again sometime. So I found myself licking her huge, flabby tits for a few moments before running my tongue down towards the main attraction. She had a brown bushy pussy which already was moist with anticipation. This was the first pussy I had ever licked so I took my time. I licked down one inner thigh and back up the other. I found the pungent odor tantalizing.

"You're making me so fucking hot," Patty moaned, "I love a man who knows his way around a pussy."

I decided to run with it, saying, "I like to take my time and make sure I do a thorough job."

"I like," she purred, grabbing the back of my head and pulling me into her pussy. I found her luscious lips and licked off the droplets of cum that had formed. Patty was the first girl I had ever tasted and I found her delicious. I drove my tongue deep inside her and flicked it back and forth. Patty thrust her pussy against my face and whimpered as she came. It was something between a moan and a cry and it was cute the way each spasm forced a cry from her lips.

I lay between her legs and lazily licked the drops of cum from her slit as she lay on the bed panting. "That was wonderful," she moaned, running her hands through my hair.

"I can keep going if you like," I replied.

"Oh my," she sighed, "that would be like a dream come true. Most guys don't like to spend much time down there."

"Most guys are dweebs then," I grinned, "I love making you come. And, quite frankly, you taste delicious."

She moaned her appreciation as my lips discovered her clit. I squeezed it and pulled at it with my lips. As I stroked it with the tip of my tongue Patty went nuts. I thought she had had herself a good orgasm the first time but this time her screams were louder, her body shivered more violently, and it seemed to go on for ever. Not only that but she started trying to scoot away from me on the bed. I grabbed her around the hips and pulled her back to my lips. I sucked her clit and pussy until she finally stopped squirming around on the bed.

I finished licking all the cum I could as she caught her breath. "No more!" she finally moaned, "fill me with cock, baby."

I slowly worked my way up her body, stopping to sample her ample tits while the tip of my cock played tag with her clit. She reached down, grabbed my cock, and gently rubbed it against her clit, nearly giving herself another orgasm before she slipped the tip between her pussy lips.

"Take it nice and slow, hon," she sighed, "we're going to fuck many, many times but we only get to fuck for the first time once."

I was thrilled that she thought I was worthy of fucking again but she did have a very good point. I slowed to a snail's pace and savored the feeling of every millimeter of my cock slipping into her slippery wet pussy. The two or three times I had fucked before it had been over almost before it started. I was looking forward to learning from more from Patty but right then my cock was nearly half way into Patty's pussy and it was feeling darn good. 

"Oh fuck baby that's good," Patty sighed.

"You took the words right out of my mouth," I replied.

We both looked down and saw just over half my cock was buried inside her hot pussy. "That's just about as much cock as I've ever had inside me," she grinned. We stopped and listened to our hearts pounding for several moments before she added, "OK, baby, slip me another inch." I leaned forward and slid my tongue into her mouth while sliding another inch of cock into her throbbing pussy. I still had another 2 or 3 inches to go but I started slowly fucking her with the 7 or 8 inches she already had.

She started breathing heavier and moaning a little bit around my tongue that was still in her mouth. I removed my tongue and she started to cum again, muttering, "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," over and over. Just as it seemed as if her orgasm was peaking and her body tensed all up I rammed my cock all the way home and ground my hips into hers. The fucking bitch screamed so loud she nearly broke my eardrum. I did the only thing I could think of doing; I started ramming my cock in and out of her pussy with every inch of my fiber. The porky slut dug her fingernails into my back deep enough to draw blood as her body went wild. Her hips were thrusting up to meet my cock while the rest of her body shook like Jell-O. I latched my teeth onto a nipple and hung on for the ride. After 10 or 15 minutes of earth shattering fucking I started shooting load after load of cum deep into her red hot pussy.

After what seemed like an eternity we both stopped cuming. I rolled off of her chubby body and lay beside her panting as cum dripped from her pussy. "How was that for you?" I asked.

"I don't know for sure," she smiled, "I zoned out there for awhile. I think we may have to try that a few hundred more times until we get it right." I laughed. "How about right now?" she added, crawling down to where my cum covered cock was slowly shrinking. After licking off the cum she took me into her mouth and started sucking me back to life. I was still horny as fuck so it didn't take her long to suck my cock back to full strength. She removed my cock from her mouth and rolled over on her hands and knees. "Fuck me doggie, baby," she sighed. 

I had never fucked a girl doggie before but it wasn't hard to figure out what she had in mind. I crawled up behind her and slipped my cock between her legs. Patty reached back and guided my cock back into her sloppy, wet pussy. Her cunt was wet and warm and my cock easily slid back in. I grabbed her by the hips and started slapping my cock in and out of her pussy. Patty responded instantly by shoving her ass back to meet my every thrust. This was a good way to fuck. The slapping sound my hips made crashing into her chubby ass was intoxicating and I loved the way her ponderous tits flew back and forth in sync with our bodies crashing together. 

I reached around and held out my hands so that her rock hard nipples grazed my palms each time her tits swung to or fro. Patty was grunting like a perverted tennis player shouting, "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," each time my cock slammed into her pussy. As my hands slowly tightened around her luscious tits her shouts grew louder and higher pitched. It was only after 15 or 20 minutes of good, ass-pounding fucking that her entire body began to shake in yet another orgasm. I hung onto her tits, pinching her nipples between my fingers and continued slamming my cock deep into her pussy until her body slowed to a slow quiver and her screams trailed off. I discovered I rather enjoyed making a girl have an orgasm. It was fun to watch Patty's body contort, listed to her screams, and feel her pussy tighten around the shaft of my cock. I resolved then and there that I would dedicate my college years to giving as many girls orgasms as I possibly could. We were slowly fucking back and forth with long, slow, deep strokes as I gave Patty a chance to regain her composure. I discovered that if I leaned down around her back and pulled a tit over I could get a nipple between my teeth to lick, suck, and bite. Patty seemed to appreciate the attention as I went from side to side giving each tit equal attention. It wasn't long before she was thrusting her ass back against my dick again and moaning louder and louder. 

I dropped her tit from my mouth, grabber her hips and started slamming my cock into her pussy with great force. Patty was ready to go again, shouting, "That's right, baby, fuck my ass off. Fuck yes. Fuck. Fuck..." We got back into a hard, fast rhythm as we fucked with even greater fervor than before. I had never experienced a fuck as good as Patty and I knew she was going to be able to show me a lot in the weeks, months, and years ahead but right then I was getting ready to show her hot, fucking pussy another load of hot, sticky cum. At the height of her orgasm I slammed my cock as deep as it would go and held on to her hips as I squirted shot after shot of cum against the back of her pussy. About half way through my ejaculation, I started ramming my cock in and out, stuffing my cum yet deeper insider her. This time when we finished cuming we lay side by side on the bed panting.

"That was simply amazing," I managed to gasp between breaths. 

Patty reached down and gently stroked my shrinking cock and replied, "I think we're going to be great friends. If I drop off to sleep be sure and wake me later with your cock in my pussy." With that she drifted off to sleep.