 Someone was a banging on my door. It was two in the morning on a Thursday night. I woke up seeing red. I threw open the door ready to rant at whoever was stupid enough to wake me the night before a big test. Instead, I froze and found myself smiling dumbly. 

"Hello, Tom. Do you remember me?" Kelly asked.

"Of course," I said as I tried to force my brain awake. "How is your brother Lee?"

"Fine," she replied. I noticed that Kelly looked worse than I felt. Her hair looked flat and tired, and eyes were red in exhaustion.

"It's nice to see you again, but why exactly are you here?" I asked. Almost a month passed since I visited my cousin Tara and met Kelly. 

"I'm here to invite you to a party at our sorority. The pledges are becoming sisters this weekend," she explained. I still didn't understand why Kelly was here instead of Tara, but at least I understood why she looked so tired. It was her sorority's hell week.

"How did you get the job of coming and getting me?" I asked. She smiled, shrugged and yawned. She really was tired.

"Well, we each got to pick one person to invite to the party. Tara picked you and the pledge mistress sent me to make sure you come. I'm not sure why. She didn't send a pledge to pick up any of the others, but I didn't question it. It got me away from that bitch for a night!" she replied. I smiled. Emma must be getting really horny.

"She doesn't like me very much since the last visit and the chugging contest," I said with a shrug, covering for Emma. "Maybe she's planning on getting even."

"Sounds like her," Kelly sighed. "I have to get you back by dawn."

"What if I can't leave?" I asked. Kelly surprised me by looking frightened.

"You have to come with me! If not, then I don't become a sister," she replied, and then blushing added, "She said I had to do whatever it takes to make you come back with me." I wondered what Emma was going to do for kicks once the pledges became sisters.


"Well, I have a test in the morning, but I'm willing to skip the rest of my classes," I replied.

"She said by dawn," Kelly said nervously. I shrugged.

"I have no intention of skipping this test. My grade for the class depends on it," I sighed. "She'll just have to settle for late afternoon. If you want, you can call her and let her know." Kelly nodded and I showed her the phone down the hall. She came back to the room looking more tired and spent if that was at all possible, but at least she a little calmer.

"Well, the Bitch wasn't happy, but she gave in at the end," Kelly sighed. I smiled and handed her a towel, sweats and a tee shirt. She stared at me with a confused expression.

"You look like you could use a break anyway. Why don't you go down the hall to the ladies bathroom and take a shower," I offered. Kelly smiled. It was the first sign that she was finally relaxing.

"Thanks, I could use it," she replied, letting out a long breath.

"Just let yourself back in. I've got to get some sleep for that test in the morning," I said. She apologized for waking me and walked out. I slept on the floor with a spare blanket and pillow. I had a single room and although it was tiny, it was all mine.


The next morning I got up and went to take the test. It was 10:00am when I got back to the room. Kelly was still asleep, but she woke up when I opened the door.

"Good morning. Are you ready to go?" she asked. 

"Slow down. There's no rush. You can relax while I pack," I replied. She nodded and stretched. The sleep and shower looked to have done some good. I quickly noticed that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her nipples were standing straight out. Kelly didn't have large breasts, but between her looks, her figure and her long dark hair, my cock began to stir.

She was still lying on the bed, nodding in and out of sleep when I was done packing. I sat beside her and started rubbing her shoulders.

"You're so tense that your shoulders feel like boards," I said. She groaned as my hands started to work her muscles.

"Oh, that feels great!" she said with a sigh. Fifteen minutes later she was just starting to really relax when she sat up in bed. "We've got to go."

"Lay down and relax!" I snapped.

"Bossy, aren't we?" she said with a raised eyebrow.

"Just do it," I laughed. She shrugged and lay back down. I returned to massaging her back. I made my way to her legs and she groaned again.

"You have no idea how good that feels," she sighed. I smiled and continued for at least another fifteen minutes. She was oblivious to everything around her. She didn't notice my stares. I wanted desperately to finish the massage correctly and rub the parts of her body that are normally off limits, but I was pretty sure she would slap me if I tried.

"Thanks," Kelly said as she sat up and stretched. "That was amazing!" She leaned over to give me a quick peck on the cheek. 

I was so horny by that time that I reacted instinctively and pulled her to me. My lips pressed against hers firmly. Kelly froze for a moment before she started pushing me away with her hands. The odd thing was that she didn't try to break the kiss. 

I was just about to let go anyway, when her tongue slipped past my lips. I was surprised, but that didn't stop me hungrily meeting her tongue with my own. Kelly continued to try and push me away, but I grabbed her wrists and kept kissing her. Her tongue danced about in my mouth.

I pulled her to me and hugged her. She beat on my back, but I could feel her hard nipples against my chest. I massaged her ass through the sweat pants. My hand started to slip under the waistband when she finally broke the kiss.

"No! Stop! You bastard!" she snapped. I let her go. She was panting. Maybe partially from fighting me, but I thought more because of sexual tension. "Who the hell do you think you are?"

"I'm the man you just shared one hell of a passionate kiss with," I replied. She blushed and shook her head in denial.

"I did no such thing..." she stuttered.

"Yes, you did," I interjected calmly. "Not only that, but you enjoyed it just as much as I did."

"I did not! I would never do something like that!" she replied. "That was disgusting!" I pointed to her rock hard nipples and smiled.

"Proof of your enjoyment," I said. Kelly folded her arms over her chest.

"You're a bastard!" she snapped. I shrugged.

"I can be, if that's the type of guy you like," I replied honestly.

"I don't like that type of guy! I have a boyfriend, and he's gentle and loving," she said with a little more calm. That surprised me.

"Hey, I'm sorry," I said quickly. "I didn't know you had a boyfriend. I wouldn't have kissed you if I did." My reaction surprised her.

"Bullshit," she said bluntly. I laughed. It was so unlike the Kelly I met and Tara described.

"No, really. I don't like doing stuff like that," I replied. She snorted.

"But holding me down and making love to me is okay?" she said sarcastically. 

"Only if that's the way you like to make love. I'm very open minded," I replied.

"I told you, I don't like to make love that way," she said. I sighed and rolled my eyes.

"Kelly, you're one of the hottest women I know. You should have seen the lust in your eyes while we were kissing. I'm getting excited just thinking about it," I replied. She glanced down at my crotch and bit her lip in embarrassment when she saw that I caught her.

"You are a pervert!" she snapped. I ignored her words.

"Kelly, don't sell yourself short. You can like making love gentle and loving as well as rough and lustful. You should try and get your boyfriend to see that as well," I said. Kelly looked at me silently for a few minutes. She obviously came to some sort of decsion. She sighed unhappily and relaxed visibly.

"You don't know Brian. I went to give him a blowjob and he nearly broke up with me," she said, surprising me. I don't know what decided her on being so honest with me, but it was a hell of an eye opener to the real Kelly. "He called me a slut!"

'Wow!' I thought. This was a side of Kelly that my cousin obviously never met. The Kelly that Tara describes didn't even know what a blowjob was, much less call it that!

"Do you think he's right?" I asked. She looked at me and let out a long, slow breath. 

"Yes, I think he's right," she finally said, looking miserable. "The first guy I was with was a jerk and a bastard, but I kept on dating him for over a year because I liked the rough sex."

"How rough?" I asked, the words slipping out before I could think about them. Kelly blushed again, but answered.

"He didn't tie me up, or really hurt me or anything, but sex with him was aggressive and lust filled. He was not a nice man and didn't treat me right. I hate him to this day, but I still miss the sex," she replied. The stress of hell week must really be affecting her. Kelly and I barely knew each other and she was sharing more with me then I thought she had with anyone else. 

She was seriously upset. I decided to take a different approach.

"Kelly, I know this is going to sound odd, but you can be a slut when it comes to sex and still be a good person. Don't let Brian define what's right and normal," I replied.

"Sure, you say that, but we both know the truth. Most guys are like Brian. They want their girlfriends to be virgins or at least act as if they are," she snapped. I shook my head.

"I don't think that's true. I know it's not for me. I'd prove it to you, if it wasn't for Brian," I said.

"What do you mean?' she asked. I sighed. She was so naive and not.

"Kelly, I've liked you from the first moment I met you, but I was afraid to approach you because you seemed so innocent! Now that I know your not, I'm even more interested," I replied.

"You mean that it doesn't bother you that I'm eighteen and already been with two men?" she asked.

"Would it bother you to know that I'm nineteen and been with quite a bit more than two women?' I asked in reply.

"How many?" she asked.

"Eight," I replied honestly.

"Eight?" she said in disbelief. Kelly really did have a sheltered upbringing. I wondered how she ever ended up with the first guy she slept with.

"Well, the number was only three until recently," I replied with a grin.

"What happened?" she asked.

"That's a story for another day," I replied, thinking of my trip to Kelly and my cousin's school. "Now let's get back to the point. If you were thinking about going out with me, would it bother you that I've been with so many women?" She thought for a moment.

"Well to be honest, it probably would. Going out with someone like you would ruin my reputation," she said, half joking. She was smiling and I relaxed a little. She was past her self-abusive thoughts.

"Well, I'm generally very discrete," I said with a wink. "You're the only person who knows exactly how many women I've slept with. The only reason why I told you is because we are both being so honest with each other."

"I still don't think I'd go out with you," she teased. She was too hot to pass up this opening.

"What if I promised to make you cum so hard and so often that you'd be too tired to worry about you reputation?" I jested back.

"Just like a guy, always making promises that you can't keep," she replied.

"Drop those sweats and I show you who can't keep a promise!" I laughed. Her eyes were lit with humor and something else as she reached for the string to her sweat and untied them.

"What about Brian?" I asked in surprise. She shrugged and dropped the sweats.

"He's far away at a different school. I doubt it would have lasted much longer anyway," she replied. I shook my head and she laughed. 

I moved closer to her and pulled her top off. She was standing in front of me totally naked. She looked a little uncomfortable so I took her hands in mine.

"You're such a slut," I teased. She relaxed and laughed again.

"I will be for you," she replied, her laughter dying. Her eyes shone and I found that I wanted her more than I ever wanted another woman.

"Come here," I demanded, pulling her to me. I leaned forward and sucked on her stiff nipples. She reached down and undid the sweats I was wearing. I helped her pull them down. My cock sprang up. Kelly's eyebrows rose.

"That will do nicely," she sighed with a crooked grin. "Would you mind if I give you a blowjob?"

"Mind? I demand it!" I replied, pulling her head to my lap. She fought against me.

"You're awfully pushy," she said as she continued to try and pull away. She was smiling again. I grabbed her head on either side. She fought a moment longer before opening her mouth. I nearly gagged her with my first thrust. I worked her head back and forth for a while, before she took over.

When I was close to cumming she wrapped her long, dark hair around my cock and jerked me off with both hands. Her mouth was a few inches from my cock. It hung open.

"You look so hot!" I growled, moments away from cumming. My eyes met hers and I found my lust mirrored there. My cum sprayed from my dick and splattered all over her face, hair and mouth. When I was done she leaned forward and sucked my dick dry. I lay panting for a few minutes.

"You looked wiped out. Maybe I should go back to Brian?" she said with a grin.

"Ooh, that was low. You're going to pay for that. Although, I do have to admit, that was the best blowjob I've ever had," I replied. 

"Are you willing to return the favor?" she asked, looking a little nervous. I lifted her and threw her on my bed in answer. 

She lay on her back with splayed legs. Her pussy was wide open, hot and sticky. The smell was so overwhelming and enticing that I growled as I fell on it. I quickly brought her to her first orgasm. Her body tensed up and turned bright red all over. I watched her shudder and smiled.

"My God! That was great! No one's ever eaten me before. I didn't think anything could feel so good!" she said, gasping for air. I shook my head.

"You think that was good? I've barely started. We've got a long way to go," I said, licking her pussy once more. She groaned and thrashed about for the next ten minutes until she came again.

"Jesus, that tongue or yours is wicked!" she finally said. In answer, I just started licking her again.

"Not again! You can't be serious. I've already cum twice!" she said.

"Are you done worry about your reputation?" I asked. It took a moment for her to realize what I was talking about. Kelly grinned.

"Not even close!" she replied. I continued until she had another orgasm and then let my tongue slip to her asshole. I worried a little because I wasn't sure how she would react. I needn't have bothered. Kelly sighed contently as I licked her ass.

"I think I'm in love with your tongue," she said after a few minutes. I placed my index finger at the entrance to her ass and slowly pushed it in. She gasped. I grinned and slipped another finger into her pussy. I started fucking both holes at once.

"Wait until you get to know the rest of me. You may even decide to love all of me," I replied with a grin. She was thrashing on the bed, but even so I could see she looked shocked. I'd meant it as a joke, but she was taking me seriously.

"I'd tell you I love you right now if I didn't think it was the sex getting to me," she gasped out. My own line of thought surprised me. I slipped another finger in each of her holes.

"Yes!" she cried out as I slammed my hand back and forth. She came...and came...and came. When she was done I lifted her and sat her on my lap, facing me. My cock was hard as it rested against her belly.

"Kelly, we have to talk," I said.

"About what?" she asked, resting her head on my shoulder.

"About you saying you might be in love with me," I replied. She took her head from my shoulder and looked at me nervously.

"I'm sorry. I know it sounds ridiculous now. It must have been the sex talking," she said. 

"I sincerely hope not," I replied as I slipped the head of my cock into her pussy. She settled down on my cock slowly. It felt amazing.

"Why?" she asked once she had my cock fully embedded.

"Well, because I think I'm falling in love with you too," I replied lifting her up and slamming her back down on my cock.

"I hope we're both right," she said with a smile. "We're sure a perfect match when it comes to sex. You're almost as sick a bastard as I am a slutty bitch."

I sucked on her nipples as she rode my cock. I bit one gently and she groaned.

"Harder!" she said. So I bit harder. I also reached around and shoved two fingers up her ass as she fucked me. This sent her over into another orgasm. Kelly came hard and then we hugged for a while.

"Ready for another go?" I asked.

"You're not a man! You're a machine!" she laughed.

"Well?" I asked. Kelly rolled over onto her stomach. That was answer enough. I grabbed hold of her hips as I started fucking her pussy from behind. She got up on all fours.

"Oh yeah! That's it! Fuck me harder!" she groaned. I grinned and picked up the pace. I let go with one hand and took hold of her long, dark hair. Every once in a while I pulled her head back and kiss her roughly. She'd meet my kiss lustfully. 

After a while I saw that her eyes were completely glazed over in lust. I grabbed both her wrists and pulled her arms behind her. I held them like reins as I continued to fuck her tight pussy.

"Oh, yeah! Ride me!" she cried. I came deep in her pussy with her only a moment behind. I let go of her arms and she fell face forward, her face buried in my pillow.

While she was still in the throws of orgasm I pulled out and stuffed my softening cock up her ass. It got hard once again after a few strokes. Ten minutes later I was holding her hips steady as I was fucking her ass with everything I had. Sweat was pouring off of both of us. 

She had one arm underneath her. Her hand was busy at her pussy. She came and her ass squeezed my dick so hard, that I couldn't stop myself from joining her.

I flopped on the bed next to Kelly. She eventually moved so that she could rest her head on my shoulder. She tilted her head and demanded a kiss. I complied.

"Tom, to hell with logic. Right now, I love you," she said. I smiled.

"Right now, I love you too, Kelly," I replied. Her head fell back to my shoulder. After a moment I added, "I pretty much expect to for quite some time."

"Yeah, like forever," she murmured as she nodded off. I nodded agreement and fell asleep.