 The week seems to drag on forever. Dan is working seven days straight and I miss him. I agree with the saying "All work and no play, makes Jack a dull boy" but in this case it should read "All work and no play makes for no sex life." I have planned a little surprise for Dan at his work tonight. If he can't bring his body to me, I will have to bring my body to him.

Wickedly rugged are the best words to describe Dan. He stands more than six (6) feet tall; with broad shoulders, hard cut body, blonde hair and chiseled features, he reminds me of the Viking warriors of old. 

"Hmm, now that is an idea." I tell myself, "Dan wearing nothing but the movie version of a Viking." 

The movies know how to romanticize the Vikings, by putting them into small loin cloths, furry leggings, and a large heavy cape thrown across the shoulders. I can see Dan standing at the top of hill wearing that. Sighing heavily, I know he will never agree to it, so I will keep this one tucked away in my dream files, for the times when he is out of town.

But as I look at myself in the full length mirror I do know what he does like, and Dan will definitely like this little black and pink bustiere I bought from lingerie store today. It fits like a second skin. I run my hand down the front of it feeling the soft black silk beneath my fingers. The bustiere has long pink satin ribbons cris crossing the length of it, ending at the top and tied in a bow. It's going to take him a very long time to undo all of these ribbons, which is exactly what I am looking for.  

Thinking of his strong hands against my body makes my nipples protrude through the lace. 

The bra cup is a demi-cut, which show the tops of my areolas, and there are lace panels running down the length of it ending at the top of my thighs. Turning around, I take a peek at my butt, yes indeed, it looks perfect on me. There is a hint of my butt checks spilling out at the bottom of the garment. I can already picture Dan grabbing me by the ass and pulling my body against his. 

My fingers begin to caress my protruding nipples and immediately my breathing starts to deepen.

"Stop it." I scold myself and turn away from the mirror. I'm so bad. I have absolutely no willpower sometimes.

The intoxicating mental image is arousing and I feel myself getting moist. I quickly run my hand down between my legs to find the heat beginning to radiate outward. I let out a soft sigh, and bring my wet fingers up to my mouth for a quick taste before I walk over to the bed. 

I bend over to pick up a little black dress I laid out on the bed earlier in the day. I slip it over my head. The dress floats down slowly over my body, hiding the bustiere from sight. I reach over to the dresser for balance as I slip one foot, and then the other one, into a pair of black stiletto heels. A quick glance in the mirror, and I am ready for my man.

I am wicked. I admit it. Dan will not see this one coming. Blind sided, he will not know what hits him. 

I walk into the kitchen and open the refrigerator to pull out a container filled with his dinner I packed earlier in the day. I sweep up my purse and keys from the kitchen counter and head for the door. When I step outside and into the cool dark night, I can feel my nipples straining against the fabric in anticipation of the evening. I sit down in my car placing the dinner in the back seat, and head out of the driveway to surprise Dan. 

I roll the window down letting the wind swirl inside, tousling my soft brown hair against the sides of my face, and once on the freeway it only takes a few minutes before I reach the construction site where Dan is working. I find him sitting in his truck filling out reports on his computer. I pull up next to his truck stopping my car, and a huge smile radiates across his face when he sees me.

"Follow me big boy. I brought your dinner and some dessert."

After quickly checking on the crew, he cuts them loose for the dinner break. Following me in his truck, I lead him to a deserted city park where I stop and turn off the car engine. I wait for him, in the shadowy confines of my car, to come join me.

Dan wastes no time once he enters the car. He sits down and quickly sweeps me up into his arms, inhaling my scent as his mouth presses against mine in a passionate kiss. Our tongues play against the other, and I go directly into my "watch Jeanie squirm and moan" dance as my body responds to him. 

Driven by the whimpering sound of my moans and movements from my body, he runs his hands across my body, and down to the hem of my dress. He slowly lifts my dress up over my soft thighs to move it out of the way, and then he traces the contour of my legs back down to my knees. My legs part instinctively and he teases my inner thighs with his fingers to spread them apart even further. 

Every fiber of my body is on fire for him.

I tighten my arms around his shoulders, plastering my body up against to his. The feeling of my hard nipples pressing against his chest acts like an aphrodisiac. I feel the wet moisture from my body run down between my thighs and settle on the car seat in a juicy puddle.

Our kisses become more frantic, more demanding as we our bodies press together. I get lost in his passion. I don't even realize he is removing my dress until Dan breaks our kiss to pull it over my head. 

"Wow, I like," and his breath heats my skin causing me to shiver in delight. 

With that said Dan leans down to trace the outline of the bustiere across the soft mounds of my breasts with his lips. When he reaches the bow to untie it, his hard knuckles caress the tops of my breasts and drive me into hot bitch overdrive. I quickly unzip his pants, and watch his rock hard cock spring free. I stoke his cock slowly up and down feeling the full length of it with my hand. I want to taste it with my mouth but Dan has found my nipples first. 

It is sweet torture as his lips suck and his teeth nibble on the hard peaks. I groan in reply, but what I really want to do is release a primeval scream from deep within my body. His touch feels so good I want to cry, scream, do something, anything to find release.

"You taste like candy and smell like wild flowers," he whispers into my body. 

His breath against my nipples sends shivers up and down my body, and he continues to tease me with his mouth and tongue. When Dan reaches between my legs, I almost explode from my seat at his touch. I arch my hips upward trying to press my wet slit against his hand. I am not wearing any panties or thong. Dan laughs at the urgency of my need, and drops his hand back down to my inner thighs. His caresses leave erotic paths of heat burning across my legs while at the same time he leaves my wet pussy hurting, and in need. 

"Stop teasing me," I beg him.

"Not yet," he answers as he nibbles on my shoulder.

Two can play this game and I break his light hold on me, and take the tip of his hard cock into my mouth wrapping my soft lips around it. It jerks in answer. I taste the drops of salty moisture trying to escape from the tip. I lick them up quickly and Dan's hips press his cock against my mouth in response. 

He watches me through heavy lids, breathing deeply, and takes in every touch and stroke from my lips. My hand moves up and down over his hard cock, as my mouth covers the head, sucking until he can't stand it anymore. His blue eyes turn black as the night around us as the lust overtakes him. 

Without a word, my Viking warrior grabs me by my waist and pulls me on top of him. I feel his desire pressing against my clit and I cry out, calling his name. Spreading my legs apart I lower myself onto his long shaft, slowly engulfing it with my wetness. Dan watches my face, looking deeply into my eyes before our lips meet again. His tongue thrusts into my mouth, matching the movements of our bodies, and I suck his tongue just as my pussy sucks on his shaft. His fingers and hands dance across my body, before settling on the small nub of my clit. It drives me to the brink as I move up and down over his long cock. 

I feel my orgasm building and my muscles grip the length of him. Dan grabs me by my hair and pushes my face into his, mashing our lips together. The surge overcomes me first and then him a few seconds later. My muscles tighten around his cock, and hot threads of cum pump into my body giving us both an explosive release. I can feel my entire body throbbing as my heartbeat begins to slow. I look up to see a smile in Dan's face and eyes. He holds me gently and plants a row of tender kisses over my body, ending at my mouth. 

I leave him slowly, and instantly I feel emptiness where he once filled me. Dan pulls his pants closed and then finds my black dress crumpled in a wad on the seat. He pulls the dress over my head trying to smooth it out. It's too wrinkled. It is a lost cause, and a willing victim of our passionate abandonment. I see a wickedly looking smile appear on his face.

"Where's my dessert?"

I kiss him soundly on his lips. "It will be waiting for you at home." 

In response, Dan grabs me by my shoulders and draws me in close. I feel the heat of his strong muscles press against my yielding breasts which are still tender from his touch. His lips enslave mine as we give soft kisses of good-byes. Neither of us wants to stop. 

Dan finally leaves me, taking the heat of our passion with him as exits my car. He gets into his truck, and waits for me to safely drive away before he heads back to work. 

I continue down the freeway toward home. My body still burns for his touch, and I feel my nipples push against the fabric dreaming of his lips. It isn't until I pull into the driveway that I realize I forgot to give Dan his dinner, it is still on the seat behind me.