 The following is the actual fantasy story that I wrote for, and shared with Angel one day when her and I were working together.

*****

In the fantasy, Angel and I are working together, and I ask her if she had any plans for after work. I tell her that I am house sitting for a friend of mine, and I had to stop by and check on the house.

At the end of the night, Angel and I walk out to my car, and before leaving for my friend's house, we stop by a drive through to grab a bite to eat along the way.

It doesn't take long to get out food, and then we head to my friend's house.

As we pull into the drive way, I see that one of the light bulbs on the outside of the garage is burned out. Angel and I walk into the house and we set our food bags on the kitchen table.

I walk down the hall way, just to the right of the front door, and into a small utility room to get a new light bulb. Then, I go into the garage to get a step ladder.

Angel follows me outside and watched as I change the bulb. When I am done, I put the step ladder back in the garage, and the two of us head back into the house. We grab our food from the kitchen table and head into the living room to watch a little T.V. while we eat. 

I pick up the remote and flip through the channels. I only flip a few channels when I come across an episode of HBO's "Real Sex"

"Ah, nice, have you ever watched this?"

I ask Angel.

"No, I don't have cable, remember?"

She replies.

This episode features a segment showing the manufacturing of both male and female sex toys. 

They show a muscular man standing naked in front of an older woman who is wearing a white lab coat, and a hair net. The older woman is mixing a pink gel substance into a large plastic cup. After a few minutes of mixing, the older woman shoves the cup of pink gel onto the muscular man's fully erect cock, and holds it.

Meanwhile, they show a very attractive blonde laying on a lounge, and another woman is mixing up a cup of the same pink gel. Then, the woman begins to spread the pink gel across the blonde's entire Pussy.

They then show a clear liquid being poured into the cup that had contained the muscular man's cock. After a quick montage showing the painting process, the camera shows the end result. A life like rubber cock, ready for packaging and shipping to your nearest adult novelty story.

They show another quick montage showing another painting process, and the end result is a life like rubber clone of the attractive blonde's Pussy.

By the time the segment ends, Angel and I are finished eating, and I start flipping through the channels again.

"Wow, that show kind of turned me on a little."

Angel says.

"Oh really?" 

I respond playfully.

I look over and see Angel touching herself through her pants.

"Would you like me to rectify that problem?"

I ask her suavely.

"Do you really think you can?"

Angel replies.

I reach my right hand over and slowly run it into Angel's pants. I feel her plump bald pussy with my fingers, and slowly massage her clit.

Angel slides down a little, and I pull her pants and underwear down. I slip a couple of fingers into her, before leaning down to start licking her Pussy.

Angel looks down at me and watches as I take long, slow laps at her pussy lips. She closes her eyes and begins to huff and sigh lightly in pleasure.

I finger her and lick her and her legs shudder slightly.

Angel spreads herself open, and I shove my fingers rapidly in and out of her.

While my face lays half buried in her Pussy, I look up and watch Angel. her lips quiver, and she huffs and sighs.

"I'm cumming!" 

Angel screams

She squirts a quick jet that flies past my head, and as she is squirting, the entire lower half of her body raises up from the couch.

I continue fingering her, and she grunts loudly as another quick burst flies by my head. I lean down to lick her Pussy again, but Angel pushes me away.

Her face grimaces, and she gently rubs herself. 

Angel raises up from the couch and kneels on the floor.

She pulls my cock from my pants, looks up at me, smiles seductively, and takes my cock into her mouth. Angel slides her mouth back and forth a few times, then she licks around the head. She looks up at me, smiles again, then takes my cock between her lips again.

Angel grips my throbbing cock in her hand while sliding her head back and forth. 

A minute later, Angel starts sliding her hand up and down the entire length of my throbbing hard cock. I put a hand on the top of her head, and help her slide it.

Angel sucks my cock for a few minutes, then she stands up. She pushes me onto the couch and wastes no time climbing atop of me. She slides my cock between her tight pink fat pussy lips and begins riding.

I look up at her and she looks down at me. Both of us sharing a silent, but well deserved moment of pleasure. Angel's lips are pulled tightly under her teeth, and she hums softly in pleasure. Only a moment later, she begins to increase speed.

I hold onto her thighs as she rides, and I thrust my pelvis up and down as fast and as hard as I can. Angel moans louder, and a moment later, she raises up and she rapidly pats her pussy. She begins squirting once again, her face focuses down at her pussy as she watches the small jet of pussy juice shoots against my cock and stomach.

When she is done squirting, I bend Angel over the arm of the couch, and begin fucking her doggy style. I reach up and squeeze Angel's large tits, and rub her hard nipples through my fingertips. 

Angel moans and hums in pleasure as I am fucking hr from behind. I do this for a few minutes before flipping her over onto her back.

Angel spreads her legs, and opens her Pussy. I grip my cock and wiggle the head into her and teasing her with it.

Seconds later, I shove my cock deep down into her and start fucking her hard and rapidly for a few minutes more, then I tell her to kneel back on the floor.

Angel takes my cock back into her mouth and as she sucks, she turns and twists her hand in a cork screw motion. She hums excitedly while she sucks and strokes me closer to cumming.

I push Angel's head back and forth and I feel myself growing closer and closer to letting loose.

I grab my cock from her, and I start stroking.

Seconds later, I shoot three huge streams of cum onto her face. The streams cover her face from her forehead, down to her chin, over the lens of her glasses, and over her lips. A couple of smaller streams land on her chin, and they slide down her neck onto her shirt.

After I finish cumming, I help Angel from the floor, and escort her into the bathroom. A few minutes later, Angel emerges from the bathroom, her face clear of my fluids, and she smiles.

She walks over and sits next to me on the couch, ans the two of us hang out for a few more house, before I drive her home.