 As soon as I stepped through the entrance, I made a beeline for the ladies room. I had been in and out of the heat all day, trying to find a house for a couple that had no idea what they wanted... or even if they wanted... and I desperately needed a little time to freshen up... try to mask the odor (smell) of perspiration (sweat) emanating from my body. My deodorant had broken down hours ago. I dabbed a little perfume in strategic places, vainly attempted to smooth the wrinkles out of my skirt, checked for runs, ran a brush through my hair, put on a little lipstick, took a deep breath and headed out to the gallery. I probably looked and smelled like a French whore who had been turning tricks every 30 minutes for the last twelve hours but it couldn’t be helped. I wasn’t dressed quite properly for this kind of affair, but I didn’t have time to go home and change. I had made a commitment to attend this exhibit over a month ago and it would be easier to put in even a token appearance than have to answer questions concerning my absence. 

Just as I had taken the first sip of champagne, snatched from a roving waiter, I heard, "Hey, Mutt."

I turned and saw my best friend Agnes, alone in a corner, motioning me over. 

"Hi, Jeff," I said as I approached. 

We had been best friends from the first grade, 24 years ago. In high school we were tagged with the nicknames, Mutt and Jeff, due to the difference in our heights. Agnes is barely 5’5" and I am 5’10". An odd pairing, I’ll admit, but we were virtually inseparable until we each married. Agnes was still happily married with 2 kids and in the eighth month of pregnancy again while my short venture into the much less than blissful state of matrimony had ended more than 8 years before. 

"Oh, Lorna, I am so glad you could make it."

"Well, I did promise, but I would rather be soaking in my bathtub sucking on a cold beer right now... or something else."

"Aw, the sacrifices we have to make for the advancement of the arts," She said with a wink, "The real reason I am so glad you are here is there is someone I want you to meet."

"Agnes! Please don’t tell me you are matchmaking again. You know it is a waste of everybody’s time and energy". 

"Your love life needs all the help it can get, but this is the last time, I promise."

"My love life is exactly the way I want it... nonexistent, and if my memory serves me right, you made the same promise after that clown from Dallas."

"How was I supposed to know he was looking for a mother. Everyone’s entitled to an occasional mistake."

"But yours aren’t occasional... they’re continuous."

"Come on, I‘ve got the real thing for you this time. " She said as she grabbed me by the arm and herded me into another room. 

Across the room I immediately noticed a tall, deeply tanned man in conversation with Agnes’ husband. He was dressed in gray slacks, open necked knit shirt, blue blazer and expensive appearing cowboy boots. "Probably a drug store cowboy" I thought. It was easy to see the wide shoulders, broad chest, narrow hips and long legs. He had a broad face with a wide mouth, high, prominent cheekbones and a nose that appeared to have been broken, at least once. He was not at all handsome but very masculine... masculine enough to cause my heart rate to increase a little. 

Stopping Agnes, I whispered, "Is that your latest discovery talking to Gary?"

"Yes, it is," She replied with a mischievous grin. 

"He’d better not be some Neanderthal just in from the sticks."

"What do you care if he is or not. Don’t you see the bulge in his left trouser leg?" 

"No," I lied. It was hard for me to keep my eyes off of it, "And that’s the last thing you should be looking at considering your present, and all too frequent, condition."

"Well, a girl can dream can’t she. I’ll bet you a hundred dollars that that thing between his legs is bigger than your pet dildo," She giggled. 

"You can save your money. I’m not the least bit interested in finding out," Lying for the second time. 

I grabbed another glass of liquid courage and followed Agnes. As we approached, I forced my eyes to his face, still thinking the object that was creating a sensation in my body that I had never felt before. It took me a couple of seconds to recognize what it was... lust. Oh, I had experienced lust before, but not the pure unadulterated animal lust that was currently captivating my mind and body. Occasionally, I would run across a man who could lift his eyes above my breasts while conversing that I found interesting enough to take to my bed, a total of 4 in the last 8 years, the last one over a year before. But none of them had come anywhere close to creating the current stirring in my loins. 

"Lorna, I would like you to meet John Taylor. John, this is my best friend in the whole wide world, Lorna Dunne."

As his giant work roughened hand swallowed mine, I looked up and was mesmerized by the deepest, darkest, sexiest eyes I had ever seen. Even in three inch heels, he was a at least 5" taller than me. His height combined with his size actually made me feel petite. 

"Glad to meet you. Lorna Dunne... that’s an unusual name," He said with a slightly crooked smile. 

"Yes," I replied as I broke eye contact long enough to inhale the glass of champagne and grab another one from the waiter. Every nerve in my body was in full alarm "My father loves cookies and has a warped sense of humor. "

"I’m a cookie lover myself," He replied with a widening grin, the innuendo obvious. 

"I’m sure Agnes has told you my life’s story," I said, glancing quickly in her direction, "She has been trying to fix me up with men of various types over the last eight years and since I knew nothing of your existence until a couple of minutes ago, I would like to know up front which type best describes you... closet homosexual, mama’s boy, God’s gift to women, married or in search of a meal ticket?"

"Well," John replied laughing, "I’m afraid I’m not as exotic as any you have mentioned. I’m just a poor cowboy with a ranch that the bank lets me call my own and a few head of scrawny cattle."

"My God, I am in trouble," I thought, "Even his laugh is sexy. " 

"Lorna, he’s fibbing. John just bought the Crandall ranch out west of Weatherford and is starting up a registered Angus operation," Agnes declared. 

"Well, John, that makes us almost neighbors," I said, remembering that the Crandall place was over a thousand acres, "My father owns the adjoining spread. " 

"Good, next time you are visiting your father, maybe we can do some riding."

"I‘ll give that some thought, John," I replied, trying desperately not to telegraph the kind of riding I would really like to do, "Are you an art lover?"

"Not really," He replied looking me directly in the eyes with that crooked grin again, "But I do appreciate real beauty when I see it."

He actually made me blush for the first time in years and made me a little more uncomfortable. When I looked down in order to break eye contact, I noticed that my jacket had slipped a little, showing the effect my left nipple was having on my blouse. As I, as casually as possible, adjusted my jacket, wishing I had put on a bra that morning, I "accidentally" noticed that the bulge in his slacks was more prominent than before. That called for another glass of bubbly... anything to cool the desire that was beginning to take complete control of me. 

"Since I’m new in the area, I thought that this would be a good opportunity to meet some of the local folks."

Noticing that Agnes and Gary had disappeared, deliberately of course, leaving me to play hostess, I said, with a mixture of apprehension and delight. "Let’s mingle and I will introduce you around."

I knew that the more time I spent with this man, the chances of doing something foolish increased... but at the same time the idea sounded wickedly delicious. 

As I guided him around, introducing him to the people I knew, his hand was in constant contact with either my arm or the small of back, with an occasional, all too brief, move down to where I actually wanted it to be. He was making me so hot that for the first time in my life I wished I were wearing panty hose. I just knew that liquid verification of my horniness was running down my leg. Occasionally he would whisper some comment in my ear, his warm breath making my knees weaken. It took all my will power to maintain a discrete distance from his side when what I really wanted to do was get as close to him as I could and touch him... feel him... fuck him. 

Ever since I had started to outgrow the other girls my age, and a lot of the boys, I had done everything I could , spending tons of money I the process, to look and act feminine, but had never felt that way. It is hard to do when you are always the largest heifer in the herd, but being next to John was making me feel feminine for the first time in my life. 

After mingling for about an hour, I was more than ready to leave. I was having a little trouble with articulation and walking... plus my panties felt like I had wet myself. It wasn’t the champagne as much as it was the intense craving to get naked with this man and do wonderfully wicked things. 

Agnes, appearing from nowhere, said, "Lorna, I think you’ve had too much to drink. In fact, you exceeded your limit 30 minutes ago. Maybe John would be willing to drive you home."

That idea frightened... and thrilled me at the same time. 

"Don’t worry about me, I’m alright. I’m just tired and I am perfectly capable of driving myself home. Besides, I need my car tomorrow. " Hoping my excuse didn’t sound as lame as it was. 

"I’m not worried about you. It’s the innocent citizens of Fort Worth I’m concerned about. We can deal with your car in the morning. Just be a good girl and let John drive you."

"I’ll be more than happy to drive you. I’m a little tired of all this socializing anyway. " John volunteered. 

"He is probably anxious to get into my panties," I thought... and hoped. 

I knew Agnes was trying to set me up, and doing a damn good job of it but I was really too intoxicated to defend myself... and really had no desire to. 

Agnes kissed me on the cheek and whispered in my ear, "Have fun."

I whispered back, "I’ll get you for this. The only thing that will save your life is your unborn child."

"Oh sure. You’ll be thanking me tomorrow. ... Call you in the morning."

John guided me to his car and opened the door for me like a gentleman. As I entered the car I missed his warm touch. When he got into the drivers side he had taken off his jacket. His arms were just like the rest of him... large. I couldn’t help but wonder what it would be like to have them wrapped around me. For self protection, I somehow managed to keep my eyes straight ahead while I gave him directions to my house and repeating in my head all the things my mama had told me about strangers with large bulges in their pants... or was it candy?. When we pulled into the driveway, I didn’t know what to do. My body was screaming for me to invite him in, but my mind was telling me get away from him as quick I could. 

When he came around to open my door he asked. "Are you going to invite me in for a cup of coffee, I still have a long way to drive."

"Well, I guess so. But just for coffee... no funny stuff."

"Lorna dear, I am the most serious man in the world."

I shed my jacket and shoes as I went toward the kitchen as fast as I could. I wanted to get him out of my house before the devil had his way. Somehow I managed to get the coffee started in spite of my trembling hands. 

"It’ll be just a few minutes," I said as I turned and saw John standing less than 2 feet in front of me. 

I was totally paralyzed as he moved closer, his hands coming up to gently frame my face and lift it to his. His gaze was warm as his big, calloused hands caressed my face. Time stood still as his lips came slowly within a whisper of mine. 

"Come closer," He said.. 

"No John," I replied with a trembling voice, as my legs, in defiance of good judgment, moved so close that my body could feel the heat and strength of him. His cologne drifted into my nostrils as I felt his chest quite suddenly against the thrust of my breasts. Contact with him was violently arousing, even through the layers of cloth. 

I put my hands against his chest, willing them to push me away, but the feel of his hard muscles beneath his shirt quickly negated the small amount of willpower I had left. I could see nothing except his mouth as it poised just over mine, his hot, wine scented breath mingling with my own. 

"Would you like to kiss me, Lorna?" He asked. 

"No... I... ," I breathed, the words getting lost in his parted mouth as his lips took custody of mine. 

I tasted his lips in the eerie silence of the house, my body tensing, my heart pounding in my ears, my breath stilling in my throat as I almost fainted from the shock of pleasure their warm, expert touch gave me. When he pulled back, his was breathing roughly. I could feel his heart beat, irregular and very hard against my breasts. 

"Please, John, we shouldn’t be doing this," I whispered as my body, acting on it’s own, moved even closer. 

"Yes, I know we shouldn’t," He replied, as his arms slid around me, flattening my breasts against him and pressing his hard cock against my belly, kissing me harder this time, fueling the fire that was already close to consuming me. My arms slid under his, my hands stroking his muscled back, jerking his shirt out of his pants, desperate to caress his naked flesh, responding to his lips with my own passion. He was so warm and the feel of his body was hypnotic. I fed on his mouth, moaned hoarsely as his lips became more insistent. I opened my mouth wider and felt his tongue accept the unashamed invitation. I shuddered as my body suddenly felt like it had turned to molten lava. I couldn’t think, couldn’t breathe as his tongue thrust fiercely into my mouth. With a harsh groan he lifted me against him building the kiss into a frenzy that nearly consumed both of us in a blaze of passion. 

Ages later he let me down, slowly lifting his head to gaze at my swollen lips, my whole body trembling. Slowly he ran his hands down my side, pulled my skirt to my waist and lifted my 165 lbs onto the counter with no more effort than required for a small child Then he pulled his shirt off, exposing his smooth, muscled, beautiful chest. 

"Is this what you wanted, Lorna?" 

Breathlessly, running my hands from his broad shoulders to his flat hard stomach, I said, "You promised no funny stuff, Mr. Taylor."

Caressing my breasts, as he kissed me on my neck, ears, cheeks and lips, he breathed, "This... is... very... serious. You... are the... sexiest... ... most... beautiful... women... I... have... ever... met."

Those words, which I had heard before but seemed so magic coming from the lips of this man, erased every lesson I had ever received from my mother concerning sins of the flesh All I could do was struggle for air as he opened my blouse and push it aside. Rough hands, nearly as large as the "C" cups that normally held them, lifted each one with his thumbs barely touching my nipples. The pleasure was so intense that I wanted to scream. 

Then he lowered his head to kiss across the tops, "They... are... perfect... just... perfect."

"Please... pl... ease... kiss them... please... Suck them," I whimpered. 

The sensation of his lips on my breasts, kissing, sucking, nibbling, biting, was so intense that I dug into his shoulders with my nails and wrapped my legs around his waist, moaning, "I want you!... I want you now!... I want you to fuck me!!!... Fuck me now!!!"

Without taking his mouth from my breast, he lifted me off the counter and somehow navigated our way to the living room. There he slowly dropped to his knees, lay me on the floor and raised to his knees to begin undressing. 

Jerking off my panties, spreading my legs and throwing my pelvis off the floor, I begged. "Hurry!... please hurry!."

He got his pants to his knees, lowering himself over me so fast that I only got a glimpse of the object that was about to satiate my intense hunger. His cock had barely entered before I heaved my hips up, impaled myself on his cock, wrap my legs around his hips and began thrusting against him. I was so close to climaxing already that it only took a few thrusts before the release my body had been craving for hours... days... years... was satisfied by an intense orgasm that spread from my quivering pelvis in both directions, consuming my entire body. When the orgasm finally subsided, I just lay there, my mind clear of everything except the warm, liquid feel of contentment until I felt something warm and hard moving in my pussy. 

"Did you enjoy that?"

Oh, my God, I was so wrapped up in myself that I had forgotten all about John. 

Opening my eyes I could see that lopsided grin and smiling eyes as I felt him move his cock slowly in and out of my cunt, creating very pleasing sensations and a hunger for more. 

"Yes... I did," I whispered, as my heart rate increased. 

"Want more?"

"Oh, yes," I managed to moan as breathing was beginning to be a problem again, "Yes!... Yes!... Yes!" as he began to increase speed. 

The pleasure intensified, I wrapped my arms around him, digging my nails into his back, pulling our bodies together, my tits smashed against his chest, matching his every thrust, breathing in his ear, "Fuck me... fuck me... fuck me... faster!... Harder!... Deeper!... Cum in me," not the least bit concerned that I had turned into a slut in the last hour. As my shameless needs neared the point of satisfaction, I lost all manner of speech. Feeling his cock began to swell, I bit into his shoulder in a vain attempt to prolong the joyous feeling of being really fucked for the first time in my life. Even when I heard him moan loudly and felt him explode in me, I held on for a couple of seconds before letting the flood gates open and experiencing an even better orgasm than the first one. 

As he rolled on his side, pulling me with him, I swung my leg over his, holding his now flaccid cock in my cunt, the after smell of sex and sweat caressing my nostrils, reminding my self that I owed Agnes a hundred dollars and a big thank you. 

John, caressing my hair, whispered, "I knew the minute I saw you that you would be great at making love."

"Is that what we were doing? I thought we were fucking."

"Well, I guess we were at that. This is making love," He replied as his cock begin to swell and he began to slowly move it inside me. 

He moved his hand to my ass to pull me to him when he would thrust into me while I tried the clean the sweat off his chest with my lips. We must have fucked like that for a half an hour as we slowly reached soothing climaxes at nearly the same time. I was so relaxed by then that all I wanted to do was fall asleep in his arms, not caring my skirt was shoved up around waist and my blouse up near my shoulder blades. 

Finally recovering a little strength, I raised my head, kissed him and asked, "Hey cowboy, I do like the way you make love too. Do you want to take off your boots and spend the night?"

"Only if you promise to respect me in the morning."

"I promise... provided you fuck me again... and again... and again."

He stayed the next two days and I respected him too many times to count. I respected him so much that we got married a week later. There was no way I was going to let this stud loose among all the mares in heat roaming around.