 This is a true story, and it was fun!

I was in my early 40s, working as a Regional Safety Manager for a large trucking company. We leased on owner operators, and it was my job to qualify, or disqualify, the Recruits that our lovely, but shady, ladies in our recruiting department would bring in. Which, caused a lot of conflict between the Safety Department and the Recruiting Department.

These sweet talking women would practically have phone sex with some of the guys to convince them to lease their trucks on with us. I was brought in as part of a new team to improve the company's terrible safety rating, and the biggest problem I found was that the recruiting department bringing in drivers that did not meet our qualification requirements. They would have the drivers lie about things, especially criminal records and drug use. There seemed to be one recruiter, in particular, that was bringing in most of the bad seed.

Stacy looked like a hot 30 something soccer Mom, long reddish hair, curly and wild looking, usually pulled back in a ponytail. She was fun to look at, bright white smile, flirty eyes, always wore glasses. She rocked the librarian look, and she was as sharp as a tack. She always wore sun dresses in the summer, and had beautiful tan legs. Her body looked very athletic, she had a shapely ass. Her tits looked perfect, especially when she was leaning over my desk going over paperwork with me. I loved looking down the front of her dress, and looking at her lacy bra encased boobs. They had some sexy little freckles and her nipples were usually hard. She caught me checking her out many times, and would wink and smile. She enjoyed teasing all the men.

Stacy and I hated each other. In her defense, we were destined to be enemies because of the way the company was structured, it made the recruiting and safety departments into adversaries. Our private offices were across the main outer office from each other, and there were many closed door meetings in both of our offices that resulted in heated arguments. cussing, door slamming, name calling. We had some very heated battles that ended with slamming doors and long periods of her not talking to me. Which I didn't mind one bit. Then she would do things like wear a new dress that showed a lot of leg, and come into my office and show me, saying "I wore this for you!" She would spin around and strike some poses, laughing. I would just say something like "Nice." and act as disinterested as I could. She was a little vixen for sure. 

I got along great with most of the other recruiters, and Stacy and I could socialize together also. I met her husband and kids on several occasions, and she met my wife and kids as well. and Stacy seemed to be a sweet midwestern housewife with a career. At work she was a shady, lying bitch that was not to be trusted. She was the top recruiter in our office, and the other recruiters did not like her at all. She would stab anyone in the back to sink her claws into a new recruit for the commission.

One Saturday morning I went into the office to try and catch up on some paperwork. I did that occasionally, because no one was in the office on Saturday, and I could get a lot done without being constantly interrupted by drivers, recruiters, the operations staff. I was surprised to see Stacy's car when I pulled in, I was sure she was trying to get some work done without interruptions also. I stuck my head in her office and said hi, we chatted for a minute, she looked stunning, a short little strappy sun dress, her tan legs were crossed, and she had a stack of papers on her lap that she was going through. The freckles on her shoulders, the pulled back, wild hair, her glasses riding down her nose. And that big bright smile. She looked like something I would love to eat for breakfast.

I walked across the big outer office to my own office and sat down. I opened my email and started replying to the dozens of emails I had been ignoring all week. Stacy came over to my office to ask me a question about one of the recruits that we were working on. She was standing in the doorway to my office, her arm was up and she was leaning against the doorframe talking to me. I tried not being obvious, but she must have seen my eyes scanning up and down her sexy body. She gave me those flirty eyes and a big smile and said, "What would you say if I told you that I wore this dress because I knew you would be coming in this morning?" She grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled it a little further up her thigh, sticking her knee out towards me.

I laughed, and looked her right in the eye and said "I could make you cum with one finger!" It didn't even phase her, she replied with, "Well here I am, how come I am not cumming then?" She pulled her skirt up a little further , I even saw a flash of the crotch of her peach colored panties.

I stood up and walked over to where she was standing by the door, we were the only people in the building and it was very unlikely anyone else would show up. I was standing in front of her now looking at her and she was backed up against the door, her eyes were wide with anticipation. She thought that since I was always so laid back and professional, that I wouldn't call her bluff. My cock was rock hard and throbbing now. I could smell her, her freshly shampooed hair and her Victoria's Secret perfume, all of it was fueling my sexual rage for this smoking hot little bitch of a woman. 

I gently grabbed her face with my hand, holding her by her chin and cheeks, and softly, yet very deliberately, I slid my hand down until it was around her throat and I pinned her against the door. I put my other hand under her skirt and shoved it in her panties. She gasped as my finger found her wet slit. Her legs parted involuntarily as she clutched my wrist below the hand holding her by the throat. I was running my finger up and down her slit, dipping the tip into her wet cunt and then rubbing it all over her hard clit. Her pussy was freshly shaven, and the sweet smell of her wetness permeated the air.

I pushed my finger into her tight wet hole very slowly. She was trembling now, as I curled my finger and scraped the tip over her g-spot. She spread her legs, lowering her cunt onto my finger. I was moving my hand up and down, picking up speed. She was gasping as I continued my assault on her most sensitive spot. I could tell she wouldn't last long, My finger fucking her pussy sounded brutal, the wet sloppy sound of it splashing in her juices drowned out her little gasps and moans, as I fucked her cunt hard. She cried out and it appeared she could hardly stand it as he pussy gripped my finger, and her cum came gushing out. She squirted all over her panties, and it was running down her thighs. "You were saying?" I said with a devilish grin.

I released my grip on her throat, and she slid down the door Like a limp wrap, trying to recover from her orgasm. She looked up at me as I made a show out of taking off my thick, bull hide belt. I slid my pants down and the bulge in my underwear was soaked with pre-cum. She was eye level with me and looking at my throbbing bulge. I slipped my underwear down and my hard cock popped out in her face, smacking her in the nose. I grabbed my cock and started stroking it in front of her face, she looked hypnotized by it as she watched. I smacked her face with it a couple of times before I started rubbing it on her bright red lips.

Her tongue came out of her mouth and started licking the pre-cum off of the swollen head. I released my grip on my cock as she sucked the head into her soft mouth. I let her get accustomed to having me in her mouth for a minute before I grabbed a handful of her long curly hair, and held her head still as I slowly fucked her mouth. "Are you gonna be a good girl and swallow my dick?" I asked. She looked me right in the eye and gave me a little nod, as I pushed the head against the opening to her throat. I tightened my grip on her hair, twisting it in my hand, and slowly pushed the head down her throat. She gagged a little the first couple of times as I pumped it in and out of her mouth.

I started fucking her face a little harder and pushing my cock in deeper with each thrust. Her nose was buried in my pubic hair with each thrust now. I was pushing it all the way in, fucking her throat. She was gagging, and spit was bubbling out of her mouth and dripping off of my cock and balls. I grabbed her head with both hands and started fucking her face hard. Her eyes were watering, and she pushed back against my thighs as I felt the cum rising from my balls. I held her head tight, with my cock all the way in her mouth, as I shot my load down her throat. Her legs were flailing and she was gagging so much, I thought she was going to puke.

I pulled my still twitching cock out of her mouth, she was still gagging and coughing, she looked so hot with spit and cum dripping down her chin. I pulled her up by the hair and pushed her face down on my desk. I pulled her skirt up and I yanked her panties halfway down her tan thighs. I grabbed my thick belt and doubled it. She definitely had fear in her eyes as she watched me. Still holding her by the hair, she cried out with the first crack of the belt on her tender ass. "So you like being a bitch to me?" I asked as I whipped her ass repeatedly.

"Oh god, I am sorry!" She whimpered .

I whipped her ass hard, it was covered now with raised welts from my belt. "That's okay!" I said, "Because I know how to handle bitches like you!" The crack from the belt on her ass was so loud it startled me. She winced as she cried out, over and over as I whipped her ass. She looked so hot bent over my desk, her dress pulled up over her hips, and her pretty little panties still halfway down her thighs. My cock was fully recovered now and sticking straight out, twitching and dripping. 

I stepped up behind her and grabbed my hard cock and started rubbing the head up and down her swollen, dripping slit. She moaned as I rubbed her clit with it. I positioned the head right between her lips. I grabbed her hips with both hands and shoved my throbbing cock into her. She moaned loudly as I buried my throbbing meat into her juicy little cunt. I held it there, letting her feel it throb inside of her, as I grabbed my belt off of the desk.

I grabbed her hair and pulled her head back as I pulled the belt around her throat, making a sling out of it. Holding both ends of the belt with one hand, I pulled her head back with the belt around her throat. I grabbed her ass with the other hand and started pumping my cock into her. "This is what I do to nasty bitches that like to play games!" I hissed through my teeth as I pounded her tight little cunt. 

I slapped her ass as I pulled her head back and slammed my cock into her harder. "Come on Bitch! Show me how hard you can fuck me." She started moving her hips to meet my thrusts, trying to fuck me as hard as I am fucking her. It was almost like a competition. We were pounding the fuck out of each other, I could feel her juice dripping down my balls and my thigh.

My sweat was dripping onto her ass, the sight of her bent over my desk, all sweaty with her skirt hiked up and her panties now around her ankles was too much for me. I felt the stirring in my balls, and I pulled back on the belt, her head was bobbing back and forth in the sling as I started shooting my cum into her hot little cunt. She moaned out loud as she gripped my cock with her pussy, cumming hard on my dick. Her cum mixed with mine was pouring out of her cunt and running down my balls and her thighs. I released the belt and she collapsed on the desk. I was caressing her ass and moving my twitching cock slowly in and out, squeezing every last drop of my cum into her.

I pulled out my cock and dressed, she was still laying on my desk, her skirt hiked up over her waist, her panties down around her ankles, cum all over her pretty thighs and her beautiful round ass covered with raised red welts from my belt. I wondered how she was going to explain that to her husband. The last thing I did was grab my belt off of the desk and put it back on. I gave her a smack on the ass and left her like that, not a word was spoken.

She came into my office on Monday to have me look over some paperwork, and she acted like the same old fucking bitch to me. I noticed she was wearing a wide choker around her neck and I made a smart assed comment about it. She pulled the front of it down and her throat was covered in bruises I smiled and said "oops!" She just adjusted her choker and gave me a wink as she walked back across the outer office, swinging her ass under her sundress.

We never did anything again, not a word about it was ever mentioned. We continued our relationship as adversaries, complete with the heated arguments and name calling. Every now and then when we were in larger meetings together, she would run her toe up my calf if we were sitting together. She also would give me the occasional wink from across the table, and lick her lips. What a bitch she was!