 This is a short story of two of my daughter's friends. The first one is about Megan. Megan apparently told about me to one of the other friends which turned into another encounter.

It was a Friday evening and my two girls had asked if they could have a bonfire in the backyard and have friends over. I agreed as long as it didn't get to loud and kept the drinking to a minimal. I got the fire going for them and had a few beers with the young crowd then headed in to watch some tv. 

Throughout the evening some of the kids came in to use the bathroom. One of them was Megan. I had watched Megan grow into a woman from the age of 15 to 20. Megan had long brown hair, dark green eyes, soft curves, beautiful smile that could light up a room and nice C size breast. Megan was going to Jr. College and worked in a different town than where we lived cleaning hotel rooms. I also worked in this neighboring town. Occasionally I would see her at Target shopping there.

I had a secret about Megan that she didn't know about. While browsing the internet in Tumblr, I found a nude picture of her that her old boyfriend had posted. Ever since I saw that I had a fantasy about taking this young woman.

On Megan's last trip to the bathroom she poked her head into the living room and said, "Hey Brian, what are you watching?"

I said, "Hi Megan, I am watching a thriller action movie. Even has some comedy in it."

With that Megan came in and sat down next to me and started to watch the movie. She said, "This looks good, mind if I watch it with you?"

"You sure can." I replied.

It was a bit chilly in the room and I put a blanket over myself. Megan said, "You could at least share!" She took some of the blanket and covered herself too.

There were some unexpected scary parts that made her jump and grab me. She held my hand under the blanket. The whole time I am thinking of the picture of her on the internet and I can feel myself getting a little bit hard.

It wasn't long before a sex scene came on. Megan said, "Wow that is hot."

"It sure looks fun to me." I replied.

I moved Megan's hand onto my thigh. With her little finger she began to stroke my inner thigh. That got me to practically a full erection. Her finger found my pulsating cock and she slowly traced it with her finger. Not a word was spoken.

She let go of my hand and started to lightly squeeze my cock. I moved my hand to her right breast and started to gently massage it. She closed her eyes while we explored our new erotic toy. I leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips. We kissed several times. Her hand was on the tip of my cock and she could feel them wet from pre-cum.

Megan whispered to me, "I want you take your cock out so I can play with it better."

I undid my pants and pulled them down to my knees. Megan began to explore my cock and balls ever so gently to the point where it kind of tickled. She then slowly started to stroke my cock. I reached up the back of her shirt and undid her bra. The bra went loose and I slid my hand inside it and cupped her naked breast. 

I knew what her breast looked like from the picture but I wanted to see them. I looked out the window and I could see everyone was still around the bon fire. I figured once someone came in the back door we would have about 15 seconds to hide what we were doing. With this in mind I pulled the blanket down and lifted up her shirt. 

There they were. The object of my desire. I leaned over and brought her hard nipple into my mouth. Megan moaned and gripped my cock harder. I played with her lovely breast for a few minutes.

Megan pushed me back and said, "Are we safe? What if we get caught?"

"I can see out the window. If anyone comes we have about 30 seconds. Once they get to the house we have about 15 seconds." I replied.

With that Megan got on her knees in front of me while I sat on the couch. She said, "Tell me if you see anyone coming."

Megan began with licking my cock like a lollipop. She tugged on my sack and brought my balls together in put them in her mouth and licked them. She worked her way back up my shaft then ever so slowly took my cock all the way into her mouth. Not only was Megan beautiful but she had skills with her mouth. I was afraid I wasn't going to last long.

She pulled her mouth off my cock and let a long strand of saliva drip onto my cock. She moved in closer and put the tip of my cock on her hard nipples and rubbed them. 

Megan looked up at me with those dazzling eyes and said, "Now I am going to make you cum."

Megan put my cock between her boobs and started to masturbate me using her boobs. Occasionally she would suck and lick the tip as it would slide forward. I reached down and gently pinched her nipples and tugged them as she moved up and down.

I then moved my leg so her hot pussy was rubbing against my shin. Her body quivered as she was humping my leg at the same time.

I could feel the pressure building up in my balls. I was ready to release the pressure. The first two ropes of seed landed across her face. The next two landed on her breast. 

Megan said, "God yes, I love it, I want your cum on me and in me."

With that she sucked my cock and finished me off. She pulled back and rubbed the cum that was on her boobs into her skin. Then she wiped the cum off her face with her fingers and put it into her mouth. She moved up and kissed me deeply.

Megan pulled back and said, "I thought I would share your cum with you. Have you ever had a snowball before?"

I thought I could taste something but didn't realize she didn't swallow all my seed. I replied, "That was a first for me. Not bad I guess."

We got resituated and started to watch the movie and held hand under the blanket. We were alone for a good 10 minutes before anyone came back in. 

My oldest daughter came in and told Megan to come back out to the bon fire. 

Megan got up and gave me a hug then whispered in my ear, "Tuesday I work at the hotel. Why don't you come and see me there during your lunch break."

"I will be there at 11:30. Text me the room number."

Megan smiled and said, "Ok I will." Then left to join the party outside.

Tuesday:

It was 11:15 and I got a text from Megan. All it said was "212"

As I headed for the door I told my secretary , "I have a meeting and lunch might go long."

She replied, "Ok, have fun."

That brought a smile to my face, if she only knew what I was about to do.

I arrived at the hotel and found room 212. I knocked on the door. The door opened and as I walked in I saw Megan hiding behind the door completely naked.

"I didn't want to waste time taking my clothes off" She said with a giggle.

I stared at her then made a slip of the tongue as I said, "My god Megan you are even better looking in real life."

Megan looked at me funny and said, "What do you mean by that?"

I pulled out my phone and showed her the screen capture I took of her from the website. I said, "I stumbled across this on a website. Ever since I saw it I have wanted you. When you sat next to me to watch the movie the other night I had everything I could do from jumping you. Then when you made the first move, I thought I died and had gone to heaven."

"Well my old boyfriend must have posted it. He took the picture. To be honest, I am glad you saw it and made you horny. I have had a crush on you since I was 15."

I took her into my arms and we kissed deeply. Our tongues found each other and danced as if they knew each other well. I picked her up and carried her to the bed. As she lay on the bed I started to get undressed. I reached into my pocket and tossed some condoms onto the nightstand. 

Megan said, "We won't need those. I am on the pill, plus I love it when you cum on my face and tits."

I told her, "I can do that."

I started to kiss her but quickly worked my down to her breast. Her areolas were a dark brown and the size of a quarter. Her nipples puckered up and got hard to my first nibble. She moaned with approval. Knowing time was short I then moved down to her hot wet pussy. 

She was clean shaven except for a small thin landing strip. My first lick of her lips her body shuddered. I licked and sucked on her lips and occasionally teased her clit with my tongue. My tongue circled her clit getting it hard as it came out of its hood. Her hips began to move. I then concentrated on just her clit and licked and sucked on it. Megan moaned and pulled my head tight into her wet pussy.

Quickly her body began to shake and she came hard. I don't think I was there for more than 2 minutes.

Megan said, "Holy fuck that felt great."

By now my cock was rock hard and I needed to be inside of her. I moved up and Megan took my throbbing cock and tried to guide me into her. As I slowly began to enter her Megan's eyes went wide open and I could tell she was feeling some pain.

I asked her, "Are you a virgin?"

"No, but you are a lot bigger than my old boyfriend. It hurts a bit."

We took it slow. On our fifth attempt I was finally deep inside her tight wet pussy. I started with very slow long strokes. I knew I wasn't going to last long as it felt like she was squeezing my cock because she was so tight. 

I tried to last longer by switching positions by putting her legs over my shoulders. I could feel me hitting her cervix with each deep stroke. Megan seemed to like this as she began to shake and she came. It was too much for me and I came hard inside her. 

Megan said, "Oh my god I can fill your hot cum inside me. I told you I wanted you to cum on me."

"Megan, I am good for more than one round, and possibly can go 3 rounds. It's a strange talent I have!" I replied.

I was still hard when I pulled out. Megan began to suck my cock right away tasting her love juices and my seed. Megan was very skilled in the oral as she licked, sucked, and kissed my cock and balls. While doing this she started to play with her clit. She moved me to between her boobs. I held her boobs together and fucked her tits while she played with her clit. When I came it wasn't a big load but it was a nice pool on top of her tits. Megan rubbed it into her tits and sucked what little cum I had left in me out.

Time was running out so we quick jumped in the shower together and rinsed each other off. I left with a big smile on my face.

Three days later I get a text from Megan saying, "212 at noon?"

I text back, "I will be there!"

I arrive at noon and I don't even have to knock. Megan was looking through the peep hole waiting for me. She is completely naked behind the door as I come in.

Megan tells me, "I have been wanting you to cum on me so bad I could hardly stand it."

I tell her, "I love seeing my cum on your tan body."

Megan then tells me some bad news. "So, I had been seeing this guy a few times. I really like him and I don't want to cheat on him. This is going to be our last time. I also have been doing some research on the internet and I have some things I want to try on you."

"Megan, I m happy for you. I was pretty sure this was just a sexual thing between us. So, let's see what you have learned." I replied.

We moved to the bed and I got undressed. My cock was already hard and I haven't even touched Megan yet. We stood in front of each other and began to kiss and explore each other's bodies. 

Megan moved down my body licking her way until she got to my cock. She took me deep in her mouth right away. She then backed off and swirled her tongue around head tasting my pre cum. With one hand she stroked my cock while she took it into her mouth. With the other hand she tugged on my balls. She must have felt the pressure building up as she pulled my cock out of her mouth and took most of the load on her face. 

Megan was prepared as she had a wet wash cloth sitting on the dresser. She quickly wiped herself clean then said, "Lay down on the edge of the bed."

I did as I was told. Megan got between my legs and started to lick and suck on my balls and slowly stoked my cock back to life. Then the unthinkable happened. I felt Megan rimming my ass with her tongue. 

"Ooohh fuck that feels good" I moaned.

I felt her tongue start to probe into my ass. I figured it would take me at least 20 minutes before I could cum again. However, this new sensation had my balls working overtime. 

I could hear Megan working her wet pussy with her free hand. The air smelled of sex. After about 5 minutes of the ass work I was ready to cum. My first thread of cum shot up onto the top Megan's hair. Megan moved up and stroked me aiming the rest onto her chest and face. 

I felt spent and laid there breathing heavily. My cock was going limp in her hand. Megan didn't stop to clean up. She took the cum that was on her and rubbed it all over her boobs. 

Megan said, "Brian don't quit on my yet. I have more to do to you."

I replied, "Megan, I have cum more in these two times than when I have ever before."

Megan looked at me and gave me an evil smile and said, "We shall see."

With that she started to suck my limp dick. Then I felt her finger slowly entering my ass a little bit at a time. Apparently Megan read up on a prostate massage. It was working and I could feel the blood flowing into my cock with each heart beat.

When I was fully erect she had me sit up. She teased her hard nipples with the tip of my cock. Then she began to tit fuck me as I had done before. She moved my hands to her breast to hold my cock between them. She took one hand and fingered her pussy. Her fingers were wet from her wet pussy when she pulled them out. She took one of the wet fingers and slid it back up my ass and began the P massage again. She took her other hand and but it back to her pussy where she played with her clit.

Megan came several times and it was taking me a long time to get there. Truthfully, I didn't want it to end. But it got to the point where I could not hold back. My first shot landed on her neck. Megan pulled back and finished me by hand shooting 4 or 5 more ropes of cum all over herself. She squeezed every last drop out of me then sucked my cock a little to make sure she got it all.

She got up and got her cell phone and wanted me to take a picture of her with my cum on her. I took the picture. 

Megan then said, "I have a confession. I posted the picture of myself on that website. Check it again in a few days and you will see this picture."

We didn't have much time. We took a quick shower together to rinse off. I went back to the office and could not wait to see the picture on Tumblr.

Part 2

I arrived home from work on a Friday at 5:30. There were no cars in the garage or driveway so I knew I was home alone and my kids would probably be home soon.

As I walked into my bedroom I could hear my shower running. Knowing that nobody was home I was confused. I have a large two person shower with two shower heads with large glass sliding doors. As I entered the bathroom I could see in the mirror there was a woman in my shower.

At first glance all I could tell she had long black hair and very large boobs. I called into the bathroom, "Who is my bathroom?"

A startled voice replied, "It's me, Shar. I wanted to take a quick shower after work."

Shar is about 5'4". Not sure on weight but she is a bit over weight. She is not a knock out in looks but isn't bad either. She does have two features that can draw the attention of any man. Her deep blue eyes and her E cup boobs.

"Why are you using my shower?" I asked.

Laughing she said, "Brooke went to town to get a movie, pizza and beer. You have a cool shower so I thought it would be fun."

Shar turned off the water then called out to me. "Could you hand me the towel on the counter, I don't want to get your floor wet."

I went into the bathroom and kept my back towards her. I did steal a quick look in the mirror as she slid the glass door open. From that quick glance I could see her boobs were huge. Her areolas were very light in color to where they were almost hard to see. They were a bit larger than a 50 cent piece. She had a full black hair covering her pussy.

I got the towel and handed it to her reaching backwards. She quickly toweled off then wrapped the towel around her and came out of the shower and joined me in my bedroom. 

Shar came up to me and said, "I hope you didn't mind me using your shower?"

I told her, "Know it was fine."

Shar moved closer to me to where we were inches apart. She said, "You are so cute. You seem nervous having me in your bedroom like this."

I told her, "I am, you are almost naked."

I couldn't take my eyes off her big cleavage. I wondered if those big nipples would react to my touch. I could feel myself getting hard and was thinking on how can I hide my hardness from her.

Shar then closed the final inches between us and got on her tippy toes and gave me a quick kiss on the lips and at the same time her towel fell to the floor.

Shar said, "Does this make you feel nervous too?"

"Oh my god Shar, what are you doing?" I asked.

Shar replied, "I have had a crush on you since I turned 18. I felt bad you don't have a woman in your life. I know you have a big cock and I want you to fuck me like you did Megan."

I was busted. Apparently Megan didn't keep our secret. 

Shar moved her hand to my crotch and felt my growing erection. I didn't say a word. I cupped her large breast in my hands and started to massage them. While I was fondling her boobs she unbuckled my pants and put her hand down my pants.

Shar said, "Fuck you are big. We don't have much time before Brooke gets home."

At this point there was no turning back. She knew Megan's and my secret and she had my hard cock in her hand. Plus I wanted to suck those large nipples.

I quickly got undressed while she got on the bed. I got on the bed and kissed her deeply for a short period of time. I quickly moved onto her boobs where I sucked her nipple into my mouth and I could feel them pucker right away. For me this is a big turn on. I lingered a bit then moved down to her hairy pussy. I slid a finger in her already wet pussy. Using her wetness I rubbed it on her pubic hair to hold it back from her slit.

I licked her slit from bottom to her clit and slid two fingers inside her. I started to concentrate my attention to her clit with my tongue. I looked up and her eyes were closed and she was kneading her large breast. I reached up with my other hand and helped knead her breast. Her hips began to thrust and love juices were flowing like a river. 

Shar grabbed the bedspread in her hands and yelled, "Ooooh Fuck" as she came.

I moved up, I wanted to fuck that wet young pussy in the worst way. 

Shar said, "I want you to fuck me like you did Megan, with my legs over your shoulders."

Shar had a little bit of a roll on her tummy and as I put her legs over my shoulder her belly roll pushed up her boobs making them look bigger and more available to me. I didn't need to take it slow with Shar. She was so wet and not very tight. 

I started to pump her hard and deep right away. She seemed to love it. Shar has a quick trigger and came in a matter of minutes. About 5 minutes later I was ready to cum. 

I looked at her and said, "Do you want me to cum on your tits like Megan?"

Shar said, "No, cum in me. Don't worry I have an IUD."

With that it only took a few more strokes and I came. I pulled out rather quickly knowing my daughter would be home soon. 

Shar said, "Megan said you can cum more than once. Not sure if we have time. Let me call Brooke."

Shar called my daughter and said, "Your dad is home. I told him where you went. When will you be home?

Shar hung up and said, "They got the order wrong on the pizza. We have 15 to 20 minutes." 

I told her, "I have a couple of other positions I want to do to you as long as we have time."

Shar smiled and said, "You dirty old man!"
