 My boyfriend Mark just left my apartment after an afternoon and evening he won't soon forget. Mark just got back from the Basic Training in the Army. He's in the National Guard and had to complete Basic Training in South Carolina. I hadn't seen him for almost two months until this afternoon. 

Before I tell you about what happened with Mark and I let me tell you a little about myself. I'm 18, about 5' 10" 115 pounds, all of which is in the right places, at least according to Mark. My breast aren't large, but the are firm and very sensitive. My nipples are pink and stick out very proudly when aroused. I have shoulder length blonde hair and long legs, which go up to my ass, which gets all kinds of attention. Mark and I have been dating for a little over a year. We started going out before our senior year in high school. Last June on Mark's birthday I gave him a very special present, my cherry. From that night until he left we had sex, of one kind or another, at least once a day. Since he left my own fingers have caused the only orgasms I have had. By the way my name is Annie.

The other night something happened that gave me an idea for Mark's homecoming My roommate and best friend Sarah has been getting plenty of sex from her boyfriend Eddie. The other morning she came out of her bedroom, dressed as she usually does, in a T-shirt that almost covers her ass. I still get a twinge when I see her bend over and her ass and pussy are exposed to me. When she bent over to get something out of the refrigerator, I looked up to get my cheap thrill for the day and boy was I in for a shock. Instead of her thick brown bush I saw her pussy, pink and very much hairless. I had to ask her about it, and she told me about Eddie making a bet with her, she lost and he got to shave her. I asked her how he liked it and she smiled and said Eddie went down on her three times the night before, even after he had cum in her pussy. That was a first for him. 

I thought about Sarah's shaved pussy all day and by the time I made it home I knew that I wanted to shave mine also. So after Sarah left for her date with Eddie, I started on my blonde bush with some scissors. Once I had it cut real short, except for a little lock right about the start of my outer lips, I decided to save that for Mark to shave. Once it was nice and short every where else I got into a hot bath, lathered up my crotch with shaving cream and proceeded to shave my pussy bald. Shaving wasn't as hard as I thought it would be, except that I had to stop twice and get myself off before I could finish. 

After I shaved I got on my computer and tried out a chat room at one of my favorite sites. It was my first experience with cyber sex and it was great. Gave me some ideas for more things to do with Mark.

So let me bring you to this afternoon. Mark called me from his parent's house and told me that he was coming over in about an hour. Sarah had left, off to screw Eddie no doubt, but also to give me some privacy. I went into my room and started getting dressed for my lover. I put on the blue teddy I had bought just for today, and put a silky short robe over the teddy. After getting dressed I grabbed my favorite CD and set it to the track I wanted. Everything was ready for Mark to come over, and I was hoping he didn't take to long as my pussy was already getting wet. I was starting to think about rubbing my slit when the doorbell rang. I looked through the peephole, saw Mark and opened the door. He threw his arms around me, as our lips came together in a long hot kiss. His hands started roaming to my ass as his tongue played with mine. I grabbed his hands, pulled away from him and told him to sit in the chair. He looked at me strangely but did as I asked. I used the remote to start the CD and slowly began to dance for Mark.

As I danced my body seemed to take over, my mind shutting down; it was time for Mark to get a show. My robe fell away I smiled at the look on Mark's face. The teddy made his eyes widen and I knew that the site of my shaved snatch was going to make him crazy. I moved with the music trying to be as sexy as possible. It wasn't long and I began to lower the straps of my teddy, showing my firm tits and hard nipples to Mark. His hand was moving on his crotch and I could see the outline of his erect prick through his jeans. I kept moving and sliding the teddy lower and lower, Just before it uncovered my newly hairless pussy I turned around and let the teddy fall off, exposing my ass to Mark, I moved my hand between my legs as I turned around and gave Mark his surprise. You see not only did I shave my pussy for Mark, I was now going to masturbate for him. Mark has wanted to watch me play with myself for a long time and now was his chance. 

Mark stared to move towards me and I told him to sit still and not to cum. Then I reached down and slid a finger up and down my slit, not going in just parting my lips. Umm it felt so good; I moved my finger up to my clit and began to rub it. "Baby I have been playing with my pussy every night just waiting for your cock. I'm going to cum for you, and I want you to watch." My fingers were sliding up and down my wet slit, never going into my hole, but moving up and down teasing my slit. I knew that I wasn't going to last long like this. "Take your cock out honey, but don't stroke it, cause as soon as I cum I'm going to suck you off." I moved myself into the chair across from Mark and put my feet on the table, my cunt was now wide open and my fingers slid inside me. Mark had stood up, dropped his pants and boxer and let his throbbing meat free. He sat down again, his eyes never leaving the fingers dancing between my legs. Seeing his cock was all that I could take and I started to cum. 

"Oh God baby I'm going to cum for you, I'm so hot and you watching me makes it better, ahhhhhhh, I cried out has my release finally came. My fingers were drenched and getting wetter as my body shook with pleasure. As soon as I could move again I moved over in front of Mark and took his cock in my mouth. It had been so long since I tasted his prick and it was great. I reached down and took his nuts in my hand as my mouth moved up and down his shaft, my tongue holding his cock against the roof of my mouth. 

I knew this drove him crazy and would have him cumming in a second. One more slide down and I felt his cock start to pulse and my mouth was filled with his cream. I swallowed his cum as fast as I could not wanting to let any get away from me. As he finished cumming I looked at him and smiled. "I love you baby" standing up and taking his hand I led him to my bedroom. We still had all afternoon and my pussy need some male attention.

To Be Continued... 