 You will never believe what I did today, because if I hadn’t been there I wouldn’t even believe it. Well I went to go get my bi-weekly leg and bikini waxing at the spa but instead of my usual I had a new boy-Isaac and fuck me was he gorgeous. He was about 6’1 with blonde hair and hazel eyes, a distinctly chiseled face with nice teeth, he also had a very pronounced V-shape with defined biceps and I would guess a nice 6 pack of abs to match the rest of him. As I lay on the table while he waxed my legs I slowly began to talk myself into seducing him. 

Not to brag or anything but I would say I’m a pretty attractive female. Long red hair with a loose curl to it, green eyes, legs for days and thick thighs from volleyball in college, a nice round ass and D-cup breast that complete enhance my 5’8’’ 135lbs frame, but I love them. They are the kind of breasts that are still perky at 26 and you can barely see my areolas, I have had many men be mesmerized by them and I can’t say that I mind the attention. So back to my seduction…

While Isaac waxed my thighs I began to think about every kinky thing possible and all the positions and tricks I’d like to try with him. I knew my nasty thoughts would make me wet and that by the time he got to the bikini waxing I’d be raring to have a go at him. Now, the mark of a true artist, in the spa world that is, is one that can deliver a perfect Brazilian wax without the customer yelping and jumping with pain. In which case Isaac was a fucking Picasso. I could feel his gently hands inside my folds carefully applying the wax where needed and quickly removing the strip before I could even think twice about pain. When he was done he stood up and stepped back, looking at me intimately exposed and legs spread, marveling at his work he asks “Is that going to do it for you, take a look in the mirror and see if there’s a spot I missed.” 

Here was my chance, it was now or ever. I lifted my leg up to my chest and ran my hands down from my ankle to my thigh searching for hair, knowing that I had Isaac’s full attention. I did the same to my right leg and both were smooth and perfect. Now for the Brazilian wax, I coyly moved my right hand down my chest and upon reaching my lips, I bypassed them and went straight for my hole and said “I think you missed a spot.” Travis stood there dumbfounded with a slight smile on his face from the show he just witnessed, it was like pre-porn and now it was time for the feature presentation. He walked over to the door and locked it and then removed his shirt, my 6pack estimations earlier were jackpot to say the least. His body was breathtaking, chiseled in every way imaginable and then some.

Upon reaching the table, I was expecting him to kiss me or start to suck on my breasts or something of the sort but instead he said, “Will you finish?” Startled at the request to masturbate for him I decided to let inhibition fly out the window and began stroking my breasts. I pulled and flicked my nipples until they were hard and then I sat slightly up and started to lick and suck on my left nipple. With my right hand now free, I move it down to my pussy and fully explore Isaac’s work-completely hairless and silky. I felt so good against myself that I hardly even noticed Isaac at the end of the table mesmerized and stroking his cock through his jeans. I inserted a finger into my pussy and moved my hips up and down, fucking my finger. Remembering that I had a crowd to please, I then took that finger and put it in my mouth, letting a slow soft moan escape my lips then returning back to my hole but this time with two fingers. This was obviously enough to want to get Isaac involved because he then unbutton his jeans, letting loose a massive dick, a good 9 inches in length but the girth, my! Was I going to have a time riding that! 

He bends over and lifts my legs over his shoulders diving head first into my throbbing sugar walls. His tongue explored ever crevasse and bend there was, paying carefully attention to my clit and opening. I could feel my juices flowing freely and my muscles matching him lick for lick and stroke for stroke. Now, obviously wanting me to come, he starts to suck on my clit, which sends me into a wild rage. I am thrusting against him and holding his head in place with my hand, never wanting him to stop. To add to the pleasure of the sucking he then gives me the “shocker” which is two in the pink, one in the…yea you got it. This sends me over the edge and now I’m uncontrollably bucking and moaning, my clit now so sensitive I want to cry but the pleasure won’t let me, I move into his hand and feel him deeper and I cum, but I know it’s not over yet. 

I want that cock, plain and simple. I want to ride it and feel it and tease it, and I want it fast and hard. Now usually I’m not such a forward person about sex, but sometimes when I get horny, I’m not exactly myself-as you can well see. Coming off and good orgasm as the one I just had, some women may want a bit of a rest, or at least a position that doesn’t require direct clitoral stimulation, I however wanted to be in his lap riding that rod until I cried. And that’s exactly what I told him. Obligingly he sat down, straddling the table and I sat down slowly as possibly, inching myself onto complete ecstasy. I could feel myself stretching the further down I went, but my pussy was good and wet, and hungry for his cock, there was no way I was stopping. 

Once I was all the way one I just sat there, to adjust, and then began rocking slightly back and forth. I could feel him in every inch of my body and it was great. I was going to make him cum, and hard, harder than he ever has in his life. Now that I was used to the feeling I started to move up and down, slowing at first but gradually quickening the pace. Isaac, clearly loving the tightness of my vagina was so overcome with bliss that he took one breast in his hand and the other in his mouth and started to suck. He used the same carefully licking and flicking on my nipples that he did on my clit and it was working magic yet again. I can feel him stiffening inside of me and I rise leaving just the head in, and then fall crashing down into him filling me completely with his huge cock. 

Now up until now I’ve been pretty in control of the pleasure but I decide that it’s Isaac’s turn. I begrudgingly pull him up away from my tits and whisper in his ear, “Where do you want to cum?” I can tell by his smile and sensual kiss that he’s never been asked this question before. He continues to kiss me massaging my tongue and kneading my ass while I ride him. Breaking from our kiss he replies “in you mouth.” 

I lift myself off of his massive and now throbbing pole and I hungrily swallow it. I can taste myself on him and that mixed with his precum begins to drive me crazy. I suck his cock, taking all of it in, all the way to the balls that I’m tenderly massaging up to the head which I take special care to lick and tease. The enormity of his dick leads me to use my hands as an extension of my mouth making then rise and fall with me as I suck. Faster and faster I go, up and down and up and down, licking all around the head and caressing his balls until I can feel his warm salty cum in the back of my mouth. I greedily swallow ever bit of it while continuing my up and down motion, milking every last drop of cum out of this beautiful cock and savoring each gulp. 

Post-coital activity we are both spent and I rise to continue my day at the spa with my deep tissue massage, Isaac redresses and kisses me in that slow tender way that he’s so very capable of. I wink and tell him same time next week and head off, leaving a more than generous tip for him at the front desk.