 Boredom was setting in fast as I sat at a ritzy table in a ritzy restaurant, listening to my mother and sister chattering away with my girlfriend about things I had absolutely no interest in. We had gathered there, the four of us, to celebrate my sister's birthday and there was no way I could have gotten out of it.

Looking around the room, I spied a lovely young woman, perhaps in her early thirties, sitting about two tables down and one table over from me. She was looking right at me, and smiling. My adoring girlfriend was too busy gossiping with her in-laws to notice, so I smiled back. 

I tried not to stare at her, so I made several furtive glances in her direction over the next few minutes, checking her out. She had honey blond hair, shoulder length, and large green eyes, and was wearing a filmy beige sleeveless wrap dress that revealed a fair amount of her ample cleavage. She was talking to a guy who was sitting with her, his back to me, and she didn't seem to be too happy. However, more than once she looked up and saw me gazing at her, and would smile each time.

When our drinks arrived, I put away the first one fairly quickly and asked for a second, and when that one had taken hold I was feeling more relaxed. I was still captivated by the young lady two tables away, but I tried not to look at her too much in deference to my present company. It was hard to avoid seeing her, as she was in my line of sight every time I looked up from my plate, and I would sometimes catch her looking my way and smiling.

After our dinners had been consumed, we decided to order dessert and some after-dinner drinks. I felt the call of nature, so I excused myself and got up from the table, and headed for the restrooms. What happened next was totally unexpected.

"Hi, there," a strange but sweet voice said from out of the shadows as I exited the men's room. 

I looked to my left, and there in a darkened alcove was the girl that had been capturing my attention through most of dinner.

"Hi," I said shyly, noticing the way her dress flattered her curves, and the way her nipples were outlined in the gauzy fabric.

"Are you an adventurous person?" she asked, moving to stand right in front of me, looking up at me with her piercing green eyes.

"I like to think so, yes," I answered.

"Then come with me. We're going to have an adventure together. Right now."

She took my hand and led me down a hallway that ran away from the main dining room. Opening a door marked "Presidential Banquet Room" in fancy gold-leaf script, she looked inside. I looked with her, and saw a large, darkened dining room with a small bar at one end and a long serving counter at the other, with a dance floor and several tables and chairs in between.

"This will do just fine," she said as she entered, pulling me in by the hand and closing the door behind her. The room wasn't pitch dark—there were a couple of small work lights on behind the bar, and as my eyes adjusted, I found I could see fairly well.

"What's your name?" I asked her as we walked, still hand-in-hand, over to the long food service counter, the girl-stranger leading the way.

"Uh-uh. No names. This is an adventure, acting out a fantasy. Weren't you fantasizing about me? I sure was about you."

"Yes, well...kinda," I said, hoping I wasn't blushing. "You are very pretty, you know..."

"You sure were staring at me enough," she laughed. "But I guess I was staring at you a bit, too."

"It's ok, I liked it," I said, smiling at her.

"I did too," she said softly, while at the same time reaching down to untie the belt that held her wrap dress together.

Instantly, her dress fell open, and I saw that she was wearing no underwear at all. She slipped her dress off, and carefully laid it on the counter next to her. She was now totally nude except for a pair of high-heeled shoes.

"Come on, don't be shy, join in the fun," she giggled as she watched my startled reaction.

Wondering what the hell I would do or say if we were suddenly caught, I unbuttoned my Van Husen shirt and removed it, placing it on top of her dress. I unbuckled my belt and dropped my pants and underwear to the floor.

"No, that won't do—all the way off," she said.

This was an adventure, after all, so I bent down and slipped off my shoes, then slid my pants and shorts all the way off.

"That's better," she said approvingly. 

She lay down on her back, lengthwise on the serving counter, which was barely as wide as a single bed. Spreading her legs, she said simply, "Dessert is served."

I climbed up onto the bar, lying on my belly, and wrapped my arms around her thighs, and immediately began to lick her twat. She was already wet, but as I began tonguing her clit and labia, her pussy really started getting lubricated. She reacted to my oral stimulation, moving her sweet cunt up and down into my face, coating my chin with her juices. I began to suck her clit, gently at first, then harder, and her body shuddered in rhythm to my sucking. She sighed loudly, and rocked her pelvis, and her lubricants began to drip onto the countertop, but she didn't moan or cry out, probably trying not to attract too much attention.

Her body was on fire, hot to the touch, and beginning to sweat as I kept my mouth glued to her pussy, sucking her with all the gusto my oral muscles could muster. I brought my hand to her crotch, and began to gently slide my index finger in and out of her as I continued to eat her. She writhed in ecstasy from my oral attentions, and her breathing became louder and raspier.

"MMMMmmmmm! NO!" she called out suddenly, in a hoarse stage-whisper, then pushed my face away. "Not yet. I need your cock!" 

With that she rolled off the counter and onto the floor. She spun around, her back to me, and bent her body over the counter, bracing herself on the countertop, and once again spread her legs wide.

"Fuck me. Take me from behind," she ordered.

I hopped off the counter and came up behind her. It was just the right height for the two of us as I stood there and grabbed her waist, then pushed the head of my cock into her waiting, hot, well-oiled pussy. 

She backed into me immediately, and I shoved into her forcefully, then pulled back and rammed her again as she let out soft cries of delight. I began to thrust hard, running my hands up to her large, natural breasts and cupping them as I fucked her with all my might. She threw her head back and let out a muffled cry as I hung on to one tit and ran the other hand down to the front of her crotch, and began to finger her vulva, never letting up from my relentless pumping.

Her ass was firm and round, perfectly proportioned to her body, skin soft to the touch. I loved the way it felt against my own skin as we gyrated together. I kept working my fingers over her clit with my right hand as I let go of her breast with the other, and gave her a quick slap on her butt. She never stopped moving as she gasped loudly, and said to me through clenched teeth, "Do that again, baby, harder!"

Still ramming away, I smacked her butt cheek again, this time hard enough that the sound echoed back from the other side of the large, empty room.

"HmmmHmmmmHmmmmmmoohhhh," she wailed, leaning her head down and grabbing the edge of the counter with both hands, moving her sexy ass into me harder than ever. "Oh baby yeah, fuck me, fuck me harder!," she hissed.

Grabbing her hips with both hands, I yanked her back toward me as I slammed into her like a battering ram, increasing the speed and frequency of our thrusts as she began to make subdued squealing sounds in her throat, trying to be as quiet as she could under the circumstances.

We went at it like this a little while longer, then she suddenly pushed herself up off the counter, almost knocking me back onto the floor. She turned over until she was sitting, facing me, and held out her arms beckoningly, her legs apart, her drooling cunt open to me.

I moved into her embrace, feeling her arms and legs wrapping around me tightly. She slid off the counter, and I stood there, holding her off the floor with my hands cupped under her ass, her legs wrapped around mine, as she kissed me passionately and breathlessly. We sunk down to the carpeted floor together, and I was on top of her, sliding myself in and out of her dripping hot love channel and grinding my pelvis into hers.

She grabbed my ass and dug her fingers into my flesh as we screwed balls-to-the-wall, all restraints off. I was making low, guttural sounds with each violent thrust, and her squeals of pleasure were gradually getting louder.

In the midst of our raw, white-hot passion, we rolled over and she was now lying on top of me, grinding her erect tits into my chest, never missing a beat as our bodies writhed together. She began to kiss me, then suck on my neck as our undulating bodies neared the peak, the summit we both were so desperately wanting to reach.

"Oh no, oh no, OH NO, OH NO, NO, NO, NOOOOOOOOOoooooooo!" she cried out, her face buried in my neck to muffle her cries as she came. She moaned into my collar bone as her orgasm overtook her, her body shuddering with the seizures of a dramatic, intense climax as her pussy expelled cum around my shaft, dripping down into my pubes. I grabbed her ass and ground up into her hard, encouraging my spunk to let loose, which it did at last, with a vengeance. I shot load after load into her, moaning between my clenched teeth, trying not to make a lot of noise, but reveling in the indescribable pleasure of this orgasm with a total stranger. 

We held each other and rocked together until we were both fully spent, then she kissed me on the mouth, long and deep, one last time. She calmly got up off of me, then went and got her dress, walked over to the bar and grabbed a bar rag, and toweled herself off. Without one word, she slipped into her dress, wrapping it around her, and tied the belt at her waist. She turned and waved to me, then slipped out the door we had entered.

I decided I had better get the hell out of there to, so I sat up, grabbed my clothes and dressed hurriedly. I walked out and headed straight for the bathroom, cleaning and straightening up the best I could, trying to cook up a story about where I had been for so long. Finally, I left the restroom and headed back to my table.

I looked over at the table where the strange, beautiful girl had been sitting. It was now empty, and the busboy was putting clean linens on it. As I sat down at my table, looking into the questioning, somewhat annoyed-looking faces of my girlfriend, sister, and mother, I realized I had risked a lot for a girl that I would probably never see again, but it was worth it.

By the way, I skipped dessert.