 After 12 years of marriage a couple should get to know each other pretty well, or I thought so, then my husband, Bobby (and I'm Janice), seemed to change almost over night, into some kind of a sex manic. I think the devil himself has got into him. All I know is that we used to have sex once a week and now my husband is having me perform sex, kinky sex! Every morning, noon and night. He wants sex at least three times a day and I am beginning to panic with every passing weekend. Why? Because my husband wants all kinds of kinky sex and I am being exploited and used , like a housewife whore, a sexual slut and a trampoline tart.

It all began when I won a magazine competition for long weekend holiday break in a hotel down in Cornwall. The hotel was in St. Ives. Its a big hotel overlooking St. Ives bay with a sea view from our window. The room was great, four star with en-suite, satellite tv etc. Also there was a line of reading books and my husband picked one up and read the title. 

"The Book of Tales from the Erotic East 1900." 

'Shall we read that at bedtime tonight Janice?' He was just having joke. But after Bobby started reading that bloody book he changed and everything changed between us. Our sex life our relationship and how my Bobby behaves with me and towards other people, is become a bit disturbing and I am not quite sure what to do.

That afternoon he was reading the book while I was having a shower. I was in the shower when Bobby came in and got into the shower with me. Bobby poured soapy shower gel over me and began to wash me down. It all began quite sexy at first. Bobby was washing me down and then he began touching me between my legs and he whispered into my ear about having a quickie in the shower. So I let him and we had a quickie sex fumble in the shower together. 

When I got out Bobby suggested I wear my black stockings and black lace suspender belt under my dress. That was fine because I know he likes me wearing sexy lingerie sometimes. But he also suggested I not wearing my black lace panties too! So that my pussie would be bare under my dress! Well I said no, but he insisted and when I did put on my black panties, he came over to me and pulled down the panties to my knees, then Bobby bent me round and over and spanked my bare backside with his open palm. I was really surprised.

'No panties, tonight, or for the rest of the weekend' Bobby said to me. 'That's an order, Understand?' 

'Ok, ok I'll do it.' I said and left it at that. So I just had on my black stockings and black lace suspender belt on under my dress and left off my black panties. I got dressed and Bobby did too. Then just as we were about to leave the room Bobby suggested I might want to give him a quick flash of my pussie. He asked me to lift my dress up and show him my black stocking tops, suspender belt and my bare naked pussie.

'Go on Janice give us a quick flash of your sexy legs.' He said with a big grin on his face.

'Ok, ok I'll do it, but only if your nice!' I said back. So I lifted my dress up and gave Bobby a quick flash. Well as soon as I done that Bobby was over me. He put his hand between my legs and told me to turn round and bend over the end of the bed. I did what he wanted, then he got hold of me on the bed told me to stay there.

'I'm going give you a good hard shagging up that sexy fucking cunt of yours madam! And your going to enjoy it! You fucking sexy little slut, flashing your cunt at me, you tart!' That's what he said to me. Next thing I know is I'm being pushed over the end of the bed and Bobby is spreading my legs apart and he's pushing himself at me and having sex with me. He pushed me forward until I was on top of the bed on my hands and knees with my dress pushed up to my waist and Bobby is having full sex with me. Well not really sex, more like fucking actually. I was being fucked like a dog on that bed. I was being shagged by my own husband like a bitch on heat and he was making me do it. 

Bobby was huge inside me, I could feel him as he was fucking me, his cock was so big I was feeling it all the way up inside me, I was actually an amazing feeling that I could still turn on Bobby so much that he was that big and I was quite naturally very pleased that I still had that sort of effect on my husband after 12 years of marriage. I had an intense orgasm with Bobby riding me and Bobby came inside me in that position too! Now don't get me wrong. I was loving this sexual attention. As I said we usually did it once a week. So having Bobby 'Bonk' me like that was quite good fun, at first! Then he wanted more and more. That's when I began to worry just a little, then to worry a lot. I knew that something had set him off but I did not realise it was that dirty book he had been reading, but the more he read that book, the more obsessed he became with us having sex.

The weekend after that was just about sex, sex and more sex, of every kind between us. Bobby want me to have sex with him first thing in the morning, which was great, and I had some fantastic orgasms and Bobby seemed to be able to keep his cock hard for a long time. Then he wanted me to turn round and fuck me from behind. That was ok for a while, but he began to spank me and slap my bare backside, leaving my bum cheeks a bright rosy red colour. Then Bobby explained what he wanted me to next.

'Suck and fuck!' As he put it. He wanted to spunk into my pussie and then for me to lick his cock clean and then fuck me again and cum into my mouth and do it again, over and over. 

When I got dressed I was to wear stocking and suspenders underneath and no knickers. If I tried to wear knickers Bobby would bend me over and spank me. Really spank me! It hurt and he left red hand print marks all over my sore red marked backside.

Bobby took me shopping for more underwear. New pairs of stockings, new lingerie, suspender belts, knickers and panties, basques, corsets and bras etc. He spent a fortune on buying me new lingerie. Some very elegant and some as tarty as you could imagine. Back at the hotel I had to put on a show for him, dressing up in my new underwear. Bobby had also bought a new camera and as I was 'Modelling' my new outfits he was taking sexy photos of me. Then he wanted me to start stripping.

'Get your tits out for me, and stick out your chest for a good photo.' He was telling me. I tried to say no but all he did was threaten to spank me, spank me hard he said. He took his photos but he demanded more and more, more posing more baring of myself. I realised then Bobby was going to ask even more.

The next thing he wanted was me to bare myself completely for him so he could take more porno sex photos of me, spread across the bed in the hotel room. I hesitated for a moment or two then just gave in to him.

'Get your knickers off and spread your legs Janice. I want some good photos of our pussie.' He said next.

'Turn round and bend over and stick your bare arse in the air and keep your legs parted, I want some really good photos of your 'Cunt' and 'Bum Hole' for my new photo album.' That's what he said to me. So I did it for him, I posed this way and that, I spread my legs apart and Bobby took more photos of me. Then he put the camera onto 'automatic', then he climbed onto the bed beside me and pushed his cock into my mouth. The camera took a photo of Bobby and I. Next Bobby reset the camera and back on the bed he mounted me with his cock up my cunt and fucked me, I turned my head away, embarrassed having sex like that and being photographed like a slut in a porn magazine.

Bobby just laughed at me. He wanted me to pose again, he insisted.

'No need to be shy Janice, its only a few sexy photos. I'll do it again and this time look straight at the camera ok! Or you'll get a spanking!' Bobby reset the camera and got me up onto my hands and knees, he got behind me and pulled on my hair so I was facing the camera.

"Now Fuck! Fuck with me you randy bitch and show your face, so I can see what you look like fucking with my cock up your tight bitch cunt!' Bobby ordered me and the camera took a photo of me being fucked like a 'Doggy' bitch. As my husband banged my cunt hard and fast with his cock inside me. God I was so ashamed of myself.

'Good Girl!' Said Bobby 'Good Girl, now lets do some more shall we?' 

Bobby fucked me over and over across the bed while the camera took automatic photos of us together. Bobby was finally satisfied when I had an intense screaming orgasm and he caught the moment with a photo of us on camera. Bobby was very happy with that photo and I have to admit it was amazing sex.

After that I found it easier to bare myself and behave like a tart! So I did, I am ashamed to say, I bared myself and let my husband use me for sex. For the rest of the stay at the hotel, Bobby and I had sex almost all the time. I had to dress up as a tart and Bobby would have me in various sexual positions, on the floor, over the bed, in front of the windows, in the bathroom. Over and over again. It seemed he had endless amounts of sexual energy. I have to admit it was very erotic and I was having the most amazing orgasms with Bobby making me cum over and over, but at the same time I was also a little ashamed of the way I was behaving and the way Bobby was expecting me just to perform sex with him. He took endless amounts of porno photos of us fucking.

I thought that once the weekend was over then everything would just go back to normal. But it didn't. On the drive back home Bobby insisted I wore stocking and suspenders under my dress and once again refused to let me wear knickers. Driving up the motorway Bobby put his hand under my dress and began to sexually play with my pussie and run his hand up and down my stocking legs. After while he also lifted my dress up and exposed my sex to passing lorry drivers, flashing my underwear and bare pussie. At one point Bobby pulled into a service area and he fingered me to orgasm and then told me to get into the back seat and there he fucked me on my knees, giving me a 'quickie', while he kept a look out for other drivers.

When we arrived home Bobby marched me straight upstairs into our bedroom, he told me to strip and get onto the bed. I did as I was told. I stripped off my clothes and wearing just my black stockings, suspender belt and black high heels I got onto the bed. Then for the next couple of hours I was shagged and fucked like a whore. I was made to suck his cock and then he would mount me and play kinky sex games with me. I had orgasm after orgasm as Bobby just pounded away at me, turning me over and using me this way and that. Even anal kinky sex with Bobby using a banana as a makeshift dildo, up my cunt as he mounted and pushed his cock into my body, using my bum hole for kinky perverted sex with me.

I do admit I am enjoying having all this sex and having the sexual orgasms too. But it's the way that Bobby had changed. He brought the damn stupid book back with him from the hotel.

"The Book of Tales from the Erotic East 1900." He keeps reading it and the more he reads this book the more frantic, freaky and pornographically perverted he gets with his sexual appetite. 

I'm not sure what to do. I have wanted to confide in a friend or talk to someone but not sure who to trust to share my dilemma with. As for Bobby he has now bought a video camera and tripod and has set it up in the bedroom and has begun to make home porn video's of us having sex. He also wants us to try swinging with other couples. He has told me that I would enjoy being shagged by another mans cock filling up my mouth, cunt and bum hole and that I would also enjoy watching him make another woman orgasm with him fucking all her sex holes, in front of me, while I am used in the same way by another man. Bobby also wants to video us doing that too. He has become obsessed with porn photos and videos of us fucking and shagging together.

I'm not sure if I would enjoy being used by another couple, perhaps I might with the right people, but at the same time the sex we are having is absolutely amazing and I'm enjoying more orgasms now than I have since we got married. I don't know quite what to do. What should I do? Do I continue or do I call a halt to this sexual madness. I am in a bit of a dilemma.