 My continuing dilemma is that after 12 years of marriage, my husband Bobby (and I'm Janice) has changed almost over night, into something like a sex manic. As I have said before I think the very devil himself has got into him. We were just an ordinary couple having sex once a week at the weekend. But now Bobby wants me having sex, kinky & porno perverted sex! Every morning, noon and night!

He wants sex at least three times a day during the week and I am beginning to get nervous and on edge when each weekend arrives. Why? Because my husband! My Husband! Wants me to be having all kinds of kinky sex, from the moment he wakes up in the morning, all day long until late at night. 

Some Saturdays I'm being shagged from first thing, until well into the early hours of Sunday morning! With Bobby's huge rampant stiff cock plunging in and out of me. My mouth, sucking him hard and then being ravished with my cunt and bum hole being filled again and again with cock. With me on my back with my legs in the air, turned over onto my knees and being humped from behind or lifted up and impaled onto his cock and walked around the bedroom like some kind of perverted a circus sex show! But Wow it was amazing with my legs wrapped tightly around Bobby, with his huge cock impaled up my cunt and fucking me like crazy, I was just totally in his control and it felt amazing having sex in a crazy wild situation wandering around the house from room to room having sex like that. It was just pure lust and I was feeling sexual emotions like never before. Quite mind blowing and I was in sexual heaven.

When he walks me around impaled on his cock, its the most amazing feeling, his cock moves around inside me with each step. His big strong arms holding me tightly and lifting me up and down on his cock as its embedded deep inside my cunt. The orgasms I experience are head spinning and dizzily amazing.

It all began when we had a holiday weekend at a hotel in Cornwall on the Easter weekend holiday. In the room there was a library of books for the guests to read. One of these books was an old book called. 

"The Book of Tales from the Erotic East 1900." Bobby began reading this damn stupid bloody book. The more he read this book, the more and more he began to change, expecting, and then demanding more and more sex with me.

I thought that once the weekend was over then everything would return to our old normal routine. But it didn't. Driving back home Bobby got me to wear my sexy black stockings and suspender belt under my long dress. But he insisted I not wear my black lace knickers. As we were driving up the motorway Bobby lifted my dress and using his fingers, began to sexually play with my pussie and run his hand up and down my stocking legs. He also exposed me to some passing lorry drivers, flashing my underwear and pussie at them. 

At one point during the drive home. Bobby stopped at a service area and he gave me an orgasm with his fingers pressing my clitty with us sitting in the front seat, side by side, then Bobby got me into the back and we had a 'quickie' on the back seat of the car. With me up on my knees and Bobby humping away at my cunt in the 'Doggy Style' position. I was nervous as hell thinking that at any moment some would would drive past and stop and see us having sex in the car park. I was quite ashamed of myself at that point. Allowing Bobby to use me like a cheap road side slut in the service area. Bobby asked me afterwards if I enjoyed being 'Serviced' in a 'Service Area'. One of his kinky jokes of course!

I admit I am enjoying having all the sexual orgasms. But it's the way that Bobby had changed. He took the damn stupid book back with him from the hotel. When he reads from it, the more his sexual appetite seems to increase. 

Bobby has also insisted that I pose for dozens of pornographic photos. They are of me in my lingerie and of us both having sex together. He started taking the kinky photos at the hotel and now all around the house too. He has also bought a new digital video camera and has begun to record our sexual couplings and his perverted sexual exploits with me. 

I'm treated like a lady one day and a complete tart the next. One day Bobby will bring me home a bunch of flowers and a bottle of wine and we will have a romantic and erotic night of love together. The following day, I could be marched upstairs into the bedroom, ordered to strip and to get onto my knees and then mounted and shagged and fucked in my mouth, my cunt and then spread apart and Bobby ravish me with his cock right up me from behind in my bum hole. All of these kinky perverted sexual sessions are now being regularly recorded by the video camera and I'm made to perform and parade myself like some kind of cheap amateur porn star. Bobby calls me his very own 'Bedroom Whore'. I am ashamed to say that these sexual couplings are actually very erotic and I am steadily becoming used to being used for my husbands perverted pleasure. The orgasms I have are amazing, Bobby has encouraged me to yell and scream and make as much noise as possible, so I just let myself go and I do.

This coming weekend Bobby has arranged a meeting between us an another couple. He made contact with them via a internet chat room, so that He could experiment with the idea of 'Swinging Sex'. So for the first time in about 14 years I could be having my first sexual experience with another man and Bobby will be having the pleasure of having sex with another married woman. I've seen photos of them. (Terry & Christine.) On the computer and Bobby has sent some of our 'Private' photos. Bobby also sent a second set of 'Private' photos. They were very pornographic of Bobby shagging me in my stockings and suspenders with a full view of my face and my pussie being filled with Bobby's cock. I was a bit embarrassed about those photos. Terry & Christine sent a set of pornographic photos back. They showed Christine being fucked by Terry and several other couples at a swingers party, where Christine was 'Gang Banged' by all the husbands. Bobby and I have also exchanged some sexy chat between Terry & Christine over the past few evenings. So I am already heavily committed to going along with the idea of having 'Swinging Sex'. Who knows maybe I'll get over my nerves and reservations and I might just actually enjoy myself on Saturday night! 

Christine sounds alright, she seems to have a good idea of what I am experiencing and she has promised to 'Look After Me'. So I am going to put my trust in her, call it woman's intuition, that everything will turn out alright on the night.

So for this coming event I asked for a blank cheque so that I could have a new outfit, clothes, shoes, extras, hairdresser etc. Bobby agreed but also stipulated that since I was a swinging virgin. (Him Too!) That I go for the 'Virgin' look. That is all white. So I have now have an all white outfit consisting of the following. High heels, dress, scarf, handbag, lingerie (Pearl white Basque & matching pearl lustre lace top stockings). Hat, gloves, garters. Etc. Etc. Etc. The works! And a really good hairdresser plus nails and a spa day out at a local hotel. It cost a fortune, but I'm worth it! I look a bit like a wedding cake, but actually rather sophisticated. I can even wear my old pearl earrings and necklace to set the whole thing off. So now I am ready for the weekend and my first experience of 'Swinging Sex!' I'm not sure what to expect, but I'll just go along with the whole thing and try it out.

I do admit I am enjoying all the sex. It's absolutely amazing and I'm enjoying more orgasms now than I have since we got married. I don't know quite what to do. Should I now embrace this new erotic sexual experience or try and return back towards a more normal married relationship. But should I go back to be Mrs boring, or step forward as Mrs Sexy, I'm just not sure which way to go.

This is my personal dilemma, I am torn between the two ways of living our lives together, I would love to confide in someone and try to talk it over with a friend or someone else. I'm not sure I want to be judged unfairly nor do I want to be condemned for allowing my life to be controlled by my husband. Swinging sex could be our whole new life together.

What should I do? What can I do? Should I do anything at all? But then I am beginning to feel drawn to the sexual enjoyment, the abandonment of convention and the sheer erotic excitement of my renewed sex life.

The weekend:

We arrived on the Saturday evening at around eight in the evening, as we had all agreed via e-mail. I was dressed in an expensive all white outfit because firstly I was a 'swinging virgin' and secondly because I wanted Bobby to invest both money as well as sex into our relationship. In any case I was worth it. My all white out fit was new from top to bottom, shoes stockings, basque, dress, coat, gloves, garters. Etc. etc. I looked marvellous, stunning and above all very sexy too! So off I went to my first ever swinging experience.

I was slowly getting into enjoying the erotic sex and although still a little shy (and sometimes quite frightfully ashamed!) about having sex with someone else outside my marriage bed. I was willing to let Bobby have his adventure and too join in with anything and everything he wanted me to do with Christine & Terry. Even if that meant fucking, shagging and generally behaving like a slut and a tart for just one evening. I agreed to this arrangement, but knew that Bobby saw this as just the beginning, he wanted more and more sex and after this evening, he would probably want more and more. I just had to throw caution to the wind and see if perhaps this one evening of sex would satisfy him.

Christine said she would look after me during the evening and she was as good as her word. As we arrived her house was warm and welcoming, she offered us drinks and I gulped mine down as fast as I could. I wanted to be a bit drunk because I knew that I could not just strip off and perform sex with near complete strangers if I was sober. Christine filled and re-filled my glass. In less than half an hour over stepping over the threshold I was being led upstairs to the bedroom by Christine. Terry and Bobby were staying down looking at porn sites on the internet.

Upstairs in the bedroom Christine undressed me down to my white silk basque and stockings, she slipped off my panties with a smile and told me.

'You won't be needing these for the rest of the night.' She smiled as she crawled over the bed and spread my legs apart opening up my sex and she lowered her face straight onto my pussy and began to lick her tongue into my cunt and she pleasured both herself and me. She put her tongue into me and sucked my clit and invaded my sex with her fingers, making me moan and sigh as she made me have a sexual orgasm for the first time with a woman having lesbian sex with me spread across her marriage bed. Next I was told by Christine.

'Your turn, lick me! Lick my cunt and make me cum with your sexy little housewife tongue!' She ordered me. 

'I'll teach you all about fucking, ok!'

I replied that I wanted to please my husband and I also wanted to please her tonight too. But it was my first time.

'It's my first time Christine, so I need our help in making this work tonight, Bobby wants me to enjoy myself.' I explained to her.

'Don't worry dear, I'll take god care of you.' Christine said.

Then Christine showed and taught me how to make her cum with me licking and sucking her clit and cunt with my mouth and tongue. I was doing my best to follow her instructions and soon I was getting her hot and moaning out loud. 

'Lick My Cunt Bitch! Stick Your Tongue In Me Bitch! Suck My Clit. Suck My Clit Bitch! Lick My Cunt, Lick It Again Bitch!' She liked calling me her 'Bitch'. I was indeed her 'Bitch' and I wanted to please her as much as possible, so I licked and sucked according to her demands. I was feeling both aroused at making Christine cum and disgusted and ashamed at myself for being a sex 'Bitch'.

Christine was now having a noisy orgasm spread across the bed. Behind me I did not notice but Terry & Bobby had now entered the bedroom and both were stark naked and playing with their stiff cocks, read for fucking both Christine and I. They also brought cameras and were taking porno photos of Christine and I having lesbian sex together. The first I knew they were their was when Terry climbed onto the bed behind me and lifted my bare backside up with his free hand and began to nudge his stiff cock between my spread legs and push deeper towards my sex and pussy lips. The next moment I was mounted by Terry and his cock invaded my cunt and he began to fuck me from behind.

'Fuck Bitch! Come on Janice! Fuck yourself back onto my cock as you lick out my wife's cunt. Come on fuck Jancie! Fuck! Fuck!' 

Terry was ordering me as he mounted me sexually up on the bed and he began to use me like I was a cheap tart. Terry was Fucking me while I licked at Christine's cunt. I was on my knees with Terry fucking me from behind in the doggy style position. My head was pushed down between Christine's spread legs and I had to lick her cunt and clit. Bobby was standing to one side watching me being fucked and shagged for his pleasure, he also raised the camera and took a steady stream of graphic porno photos of me fucking with Christine & Terry. I was almost in tears as I was humped, ravished and banged by Terry. Bobby was watching me and I could barely look him in directly in the eye, I was so ashamed of myself at that moment as I was fucked and shagged like a 'Bitch' across that bed.

The next thing I knew was I was having an orgasm! Terry was shagging me hard and although my head was spinning from the drink and the sex I was actually having an orgasm with another man fucking me like a bitch dog! I just let it happen. 

It was actually quite amazing! I had the most intense orgasm. It started between my legs and filled me up through my body and it finished as it reached my head and toes at the same time. It was Fantastic! Fucking Fantastic!

Terry pulled out of me and let me lie down on the bed. I watched as Bobby then climbed onto the bed and began to fuck Christine right there in front of me. I watched as Bobby grinned at me and then he held Christine's stocking legs apart and he rammed his cock into her wet cunt. She screamed and screamed out loud as Bobby fucked her with his cock pumping in and out of her cunt. I lay there and watched fascinated as my husband fucked another woman inches of my face. I could actually see his cock pumping in and out of Christine's cunt, I could hear the sticky slop, slop of his cock as he pushed it in and out of her cunt flesh.

'Fuck Me! Shag Me! You dirty fucking BASTARD!' Christine screamed out as loud as she could as Bobby held her ankles wide apart and fuck his cock in and out of her. 

I was rolled onto my back and Terry spread my legs apart like Bobby had done with Christine. Then Terry began to fuck me too, deep and hard on the bed beside Christine. The pair of us were then fucked and shagged by both our each others husband. I looked over to Christine and she grabbed my hand and we held hands tightly as we both were fucked and shagged with our stocking legs held wide apart with our husbands strong hands holding onto our ankles and then they physically humped and bounced together in rhythmic sex. Christine screamed and screamed her head off, I did something similar, I moaned and gasped as Terry rammed his cock in and out of cunt. I was helpless, in was in his complete control. I rolled my head back and forth and began to orgasm again. I was now actually enjoying this part of the evening. I was no longer ashamed of myself or of my behaviour. I was just a woman having an orgasm, I was sex on legs, I was fucking for pleasure, I was a fucking fuck 'Bitch'.

Both Christine and I had orgasms. Christine was yelling her head off as we both orgasmed together.

'Come on you pair of Fucking Bastards! Fuck US! FUCK US! FUCK US BOTH!' Meaning both Christine and I. Our husbands did exactly as she wanted and they fuck the pair of us side by side on the bed with our stocking legs spread and our cunts shagged.

Afterwards both Terry and Bobby climbed off us and we all went back downstairs to the lounge for more drinks. Christine was in just her black stockings and suspenders, I was only wearing my white stockings and basque, with the cups pulled down and my tits out on show. After a several glasses Christine took charge and got both men to lie down on the lounge carpet. Christine and I then lowered ourselves down onto their upstanding cocks and we both impaled ourselves onto each others husbands cock and we began to ride them!

'Come on boys keep your cocks hard for us.' Christine said as we both were riding cock up our cunts. Christine was now in charge and we held hands again as she rode Bobby's cock and I rode Terry's cock. We wives were in control. I was really enjoying the sex now and loved being in control for a while with Christine and I being on top.

It did not take long before Terry was pumping me full of his spunk, he only lasted a few minutes of me riding him. Bobby was next, spunking up inside Christine a few minutes later. Then we all swapped and I got my cunt licked out by Bobby and Terry licked Christine out. They both licked each others cum from our cunts as it dripped out of our cunts. I was really enjoying this sex now. Next Christine and I began to suck off Terry and Bobby's cocks, we managed easily to get them both back to life and ready for more fucking. 

Next Christine and I were put together in a 69 position as Terry & Bobby got behind us and shagged our cunts with their cocks while we licked at each others clits and pussy lips. The four of us were connected and joined together in one single sexual position. Fucking and shagging as a foursome. I was feeling that I was being used and was enjoying the feeling. I wanted more. Bobby was enjoying Christine, giving her plenty of cock up her cunt and Terry was enjoying having me, fucking my cunt like I was his very own fuck bitch.

We all swapped and fucked until well past midnight. Christine did her best to look after me and I got lots of orgasmic sex. Bobby was really enjoying himself with Christine. I watched him fuck and shag her all night long, she screamed her head off every time he made her orgasm with his cock up her tarty cunt.

My dilemma the following few days later is that I did enjoyed the sex. I enjoyed being with another couple and having sex with another man fucking me and cumming inside my mouth and cunt. Bobby too said that he enjoyed himself and he wanted us both to go swinging again with Terry & Christine and shag and fuck with them several times more. Bobby showed me a internet website that Terry & Christine had posted some of their porno photos. 

Shock! There was I in my white basque and stockings being fucked on my knees by Terry with Christine in the background. There were two dozen porno photos of me fucking & sucking cock with Terry and Christine, for the whole world to see. My face was in over half of them any one who knew me would easily recognise Bobby and I having swinging sex. I had one porno photo of me having an orgasm with Terry fucking me and Christine sucking on my clit. I was an internet fuck slut. Everyone could see me and recognise me, I was mortified and embarrassed as hell

I still have half and idea about going back to being a respectable housewife, yet part of me wants to be that 'Fuck Bitch' that Saturday night. So what should I do? Do I start swinging? or go back to being a respectable housewife? What should I do? 

Perhaps I should... I don't know what I should do! Perhaps I am really two people inside one body, the first being the respectable housewife and the second the erotic whore that my husband has turned me into.
