 The sound of silence was deafening and it was only 9.40am, what was I going to do with my day, had meant to visit friends but they decided at the last minute to go away for a long weekend leaving me far from home with no one to visit in a place I had never been before, I had driven down last night throwing myself into bed as soon as I had got here only to be awaken the next morning by a call on my mobile saying sorry hun we went away yesterday hope we got you before you left, silly me I had decided to travel down the night before, I told them all was okay and I was still in bed, well, was not a lie, I was still after all in bed. Anyway that's why I'm sat here at now 9.45am with nothing to do. 

A knock at the door breaks the silence and brings me to my feet, the thrill and excitement of something happening added a skip to my step as I walked to the door and opened it, standing there was a man, he was around my age give or take a few years with dark hair and piercing blue eyes, I stood there for a moment just starring before I realised he was starring back, I begged my pardon and asked if I could help him, apparently his car had broken down some way up the road and wondered if he could borrow my phone, Hmm do I dare let him in? He could after all be an axe murderer, but hey to late I was beckoning him in and handing him my phone, damn always been a sucker for blue eyes. 

His call was short and he was not amused, after all it was a holiday weekend and no where was open or working to their full most, he informed me he could not get anyone to come out till Tuesday the very least as it was Easter weekend and even garage workers needed some time off! Damn I though, poor fella having to stick around till the holiday was over, I looked up at him and suggested we take a short walk into the town centre and maybe get him somewhere to stop, he nodded and walked towards the door and out into the sun of the day, I grabbed my bag and keys stepped outside and closed then locked the door behind us. 

The sun was hot for the time of year and the walk into town was going to be nice, he grabbed a bag from his car and locked it all up then proceeded to follow me along the dirt road, he was kicking up the dirt as he walked and as I looked back at him I noticed he was wearing a frown, he looked up and a slight smile formed but he was not a happy chap. As we walked we struck up a conversation and I finally got from him why he was not happy, apparently he was on the way to a family christening and now looked like he was going to miss it, his sisters newest addition to the family, a cute little girl they named Molly, she was 5months old and the apple of everyone's eye, especially her uncles, he went on and on and on, he's face all lit up with emotions, as I watched him I could feel myself blushing, his eyes were sparkling and his hair was flicked back with the breeze and wow his muscles were showing through his white shirt, he suddenly stopped and looked at me, my face must be so red, think of something to say I was telling myself inside my head but no words came out except for, 

"Hey, why bother with a room in town stop with me, if you want that is?" 

Oh my god what had I said, but to late he excepted and we was turning round and walking back. The views were beautiful, I hadn't noticed them as I drove in last night but of course it was dark after all and my head was calling for a pillow, I stopped and took a deep breath in and looked out over the sea, the place I was stopping was on what I can only describe as a cliff top, the dirt road into town ran along side the edge and right into the town, the road I drove along last night was on the other side of the cottage and wow what a cottage, it had a trellace around the door way and the spring flowers were just starting to bloom, I shivered and wrapped my arms around myself, his jacket felt warm as it slid over my shoulders, I guess I had been starring at the sea a little longer than I realised, he smiled as I looked up at him and said sorry, he just carried on smiling and walked on kicking up the dirt. 

I unlocked the door and stepped into the coolness of the hallway and walked through into the lounge. The front door closed behind him and I heard his bag drop to the floor, I dropped my bag and keys onto the glass table as he slipped his jacket off my shoulders, I looked up and smiled suggesting we ate as it was well past midday and my tummy was making more noise than the waves had meeting the rocks below the cliff top. He agreed by insisting he was the person to prepare the food as I was kind enough to allow him to stay till his car could be fixed, I smiled and said okay, thinking thankgod, I was so shattered after that walk and making food was the last thing I wanted to be doing even though my tummy was still rumbling away. I showed him into the kitchen and at the poor selection of food I had brought down with me the night before, he looked up and smiled telling me he was sure he could muster up something from what I had and that tonight we would for sure walk into town and eat out, his treat 'n' all, How could I say no, my tummy was now talking for me and I was agreeing with every word. 

Back in the lounge I put the radio on and sat back in the big old comfy chair that was placed in the bow of the window, the view was amazing from here I could see the sea view, the seagulls dancing in the air and the sun shining down and such beautiful colour reflecting off the sea, it was totally breath taking. I placed my hands onto my tummy and rubbed as I felt a tiny kick. Yes, I was 6 months pregnant and alone, just one of them things I told myself but far from, he had been married and did not think to tell me till I was 4 months gone, so I packed what little he had at my place and told him to take a hike, which he did without looking back, which answered all my questions I was asking myself, I was a fool! But fool or not I had responsibilities now to my little bundle of joy I was carrying. 

"How far gone are you?" 

I almost jumped out the chair, I had forgotten he was in the kitchen, I looked up to see him stood with two plates of sanwhiches and two glasses of milk on a tray, I smiled and told him 6 months, he smiled back and placed the tray onto the glass table then walked over towards my chair and stood looking out to sea, I could feel his hand on the back of the chair slightly touching my neck, 

"Beautiful view don't you think?" I asked him, 

I looked up right into his eyes as he looked down right back into mine, 

"Beautiful for sure." He replied capturing me and placing me into a mini trance with his blue eyes. 

I broke the eye contact and started to stand, his left hand took my elbow and his other hand ran around my back as he helped me out of the chair, 

"Another 3 months hey." I said, 

He laughed n replied with, 

"Your gonna need a crane soon." 

Then as quick as he helped me up he released his hold and walked over towards the table and sat himself down. 

The sandwiches comprised of cheese and tomato and took me all of a few minutes to eat, I must have been really hungry but thinking about it I had not had breakfast that morning. I sat back in my chair and drank the milk watching him finish the last of his sandwich, his jaw line was so defined and his cheek bones so high, this was the first time I had noticed this and the more I looked the more I liked, I must have been starring again because I was aware he was smiling back at me, his blue eyes took on an amazing sparkle, Jesus what was I doing, 

"So, you are here till Tuesday then?" I asked, 

"Well, yes or maybe a little longer till they can finish the repair on my car, If that is all right with you?" 

My smile gave my answer away and he smiled back while gathering the dishes and glasses together. I walked into the kitchen and ran the hot tap filling the bowl with water then added a little bit if dish cleaner and stepped back to watch the bubbles form, he slipped the dishes and glasses into the hot soapy water as I leaned over to turn the hot tap off, my tummy pressed against the cold rim of the sink as I slid my hands into the warmth of the soap sudded bowl and proceeded to wash the few items within the bowl, I could feel his breath on my neck he must have stood a good foot taller than me and his presence so close was giving me goose bumps down my spine. I shuddered and he rubbed my arms asking if I was cold, told him I was a little chilly and he stepped that little bit closer, his firm stomach touching my back, damn I could feel the hair on the back of my neck stand up as his hands slid under my arms and around my not so trim waist, coming together to rest on my bump, I looked down as his hands slid over my bump and within my baby kicked back as if in response to his touch, his head came down and his lips touched my neck then I heard him whisper, 

"There is nothing more sexy than a pregnant woman especially when as sexy as you are." 

I tilted my head to try and meet his eyes but as soon as I did he withdrew his grip on me and picked up the kitchen towel, starting to dry the few dishes I had managed to wash and as he did he fixed his eyes on the view from the kitchen window, I stood and watched him for a while, running my eyes up and down his tall muscular body, my head swimming with the thoughts of might have been if he had met my gaze and not pulled away, What was I doing? I questioned myself and answering myself back with does it really matter, I'm smiling for the first time in a long time! 

I looked out the window and observed what he was watching, a tiny little rabbit eating the leaves off a plant, so cute but my mind wondered back to his touch, the smell of his skin, the softness of his voice, I was wet and it was not my waters breaking. 

"What would you like to do before we go into town for dinner?" Broke the silence, 

"Oh, I don't mind what would you like to do?" Was my answer knowing damn well what I wanted to do, 

"Well, we could go sit out there and watch the world go, if you want that is?" 

"Yes, sounds lovely, I'll grab the keys, last one to the door locks up hehehehe." 

The sun was now beating down and had to be in the 70s' for sure, unusual for this time of year but who was I to complain, it meant no coats and muscles showing through shirts, damn! I so needed to take my mind off him, we walked towards the cliff edge and down a man made set of steps leading down to a ridge below, the sun caught it just right, we sat down, well rather he helped me sit down while smirking at my attempts to bend, we both lay back against the cliff wall, cold to our back but not enough to be unbearable, his hand slid over and took mine into his, I turned my head and looked into his eyes, 

"What do you want from me?" I asked, 

"I believe I want you, plain n simply you." 

I smiled and leaned over meeting his lips with mine, his kiss was passionate as his hand gripped the back of my neck and pulled me closer, gripping onto my hair tilting my head up and sliding his tongue into my mouth, he was so masterful with his kiss, made me feel so totally out of control but yet I liked the feeling. He pulled his lips away from mine and just smiled, 

"What are we doing?" I asked, 

"No idea but it feels so right, do you want to stop?" 

"No." 

"Then kiss me again." 

I closed my eyes as this time his kiss was slower and less forceful, passionate yet less demanding, once again his tongue danced with mine and as his hand slid up my leg my arms wrapped around his neck. I was leading the way and he was following, his hands now on my hips and pulling me closer to him, the warmth of his body penetrating through his shirt and through my dress burning into my flesh, my body now aching for him to be all over me, with my bump resting on his thigh and my left leg across his he slowly lay me down, I could feel the coldness of the stone underneath me but the heat of his body was warming me through and all this felt so right, the view of the seagulls flying above our heads as I lay my head back and his kisses ran down my neck to the top button of my dress. He looked up and smiled, 

"Want me to carry on?" He asked, 

"Yes," 

I released my grasp of his body and opened the buttons on my dress, one by one while looking into his eyes, he was watching my hands and as I reached the forth button his hand closed around mine, 

"Not yet." 

I let go of the button and slid my hands up around his neck and ran my fingers through his hair, he placed his hand beside my head and leaned over and kissed the tip of my nose, I smiled as he carried on kissing his way down to the open button, once again he stopped and looked up at me, part of my breast was exposed yet still lay beneath my bra, one of my favourite bra's a lovely white lace one with tiny little pink roses stitched into it and yes I have the matching panties on, after all cannot go out without matching underwear, what if I was to have an accident! 

It was at that point the rain came, the largest droplets of rain I had seen in a long time, splashing down lading on my face, he laughed and suggested we hurry up inside the cottage before we was washed away out to sea. He stood up and bend down lending out his hand, I took hold of it and he raised me to my feet, wrapping his arms around me to support me as I slipped slightly, the rain was making it hard to see as it was now coming down real heavy, slowly we made our way up the steps and into the cottage.  

"Phew, what a day hey?" I said as the rain dripped from my hair down my face. 

"You look like a drown rat standing there, you're catch your death in them wet clothes, go take them off and I'll run you a nice hot bath." 

Heaven had been reached, I walked upstairs and into the bedroom kicked off my shoes and peeled my soaking wet dress off, and slipped out of my wet bra and panties, reached for my night gown and slipped it on, while turning to leave the room I caught a glimpse of myself in the full length mirror on the front of the double wardrobe door, I looked massive, 

"How could any man want to be with me looking like this?" 

"Well, I think you look beautiful." 

"Oh my god, I have to learn to keep my thoughts in my head." 

He smiled and walked over to me, 

"First sign of madness is talking to yourself I have heard say." 

I blushed and looked down, he raised his hand and lifted my chin, his eyes were so blue, the deepest blue I had seen for a long time, could jump into them and swim my life away, 

"You really are a beautiful young lady and I mean it when I say it, you are carrying the greatest gift one can be given inside your body, be proud of the way you look!" 

I could feel a tear well up as he turned around and led me out of the bedroom into the bathroom. The smell of lavender was everywhere, candles flickering and bubble floating on the water in the bath looking like a cloud, 

"Well, what you waiting for?" 

He walked out the bathroom and stood in the hall, I smiled and slipped off my robe, it landing at my feet, somehow I could feel his eyes burning into my flesh behind me, I attempted to step into the bath but I stumbled and slipped, all of a sudden I felt his hand take my arm as his other hand slid round my waist steadying me, he helped me into the bath and as I slid down into the hot water my body automatically relaxed, it felt so good. I took the sponge and added bath creme to it and slowly started to wash, the sponge sliding over my body the water lapping at my shoulders, when I finished I lay me head back and closed my eyes, he was sat on the linen box, watching my every move, I could sense his eyes all over my body but I did not care, it felt right like it was meant to be, 

"Shall we take my car into town?" I asked to break the silence, 

The rain was worse, I could hear it pelting down onto the window pains and the sound of thunder rumbling in the distance, 

"Why don't we skip going into town and grab a snack later, personally I fancy you for dinner, if that's okay with you?" 

The silence came again as I opened my eyes and looked over to where he was sat, 

"Okay," I replied, "help me out this bath and I'm all yours!" 

He stood up and walked over towards the bath, leaned over and pulled the plug, I could feel his hand in the water by my foot, he slid his hand around the bottom of my foot and over my toes then down over the top of my foot and along my shin, my thigh and ............. 

"Stop, not here please." 

He looked up and slipped his hand out the water and held it out for me to take hold of. 

Getting out the bath seemed like more trouble than getting in and as I slipped around like I was on ice, he scooped me up and took me out the bath, sliding my body down his till my feet touched the floor, 

"Your all wet." I pointed out to him. 

As he grabbed the towel off the hook by the bathroom door and wrapped it round me I started to open the buttons on his shirt, as each button opened I slid my finger nail down his chest, he watched till the last button was opened and then he went for his belt, unbuckling it and pulling it out of the loops of his jeans dropping it to the floor, After securing the towel I slid both my hands up over his chest each hand leading off to a shoulder and slowly over his shoulders sliding the unopened shirt off and down his arms, It slid off with ease and landed behind him on the bathroom floor, this time I took his hand and through the opened bathroom door I led him right to the bedroom and over towards the bed. 

I suggested he sat down on the bed and I took a step back, the muscles I had seen beneath his shirt where now exposed and what a sight to see, I looked up and right at his face, standing there for a split second wondering why I was doing this then as soon as the thought popped into my head it dissolved and as it did my towel dropped to my feet, his eyes widened and a smile formed on his face, I stepped over towards him and stood directly between his opened legs, his hands slid up my outer thighs and up to my waist sliding round and meeting at the small of my back, his lips felt warm as they kissed my tummy, looking down I could see him kissing his way down my bump, down to where I so wanted him to go. He looked up still with that incredible smile on his face and as I pushed him back onto the bed he took me with him, gently laying me down next to him onto the softness of the woven bed throw, my hand landing on his chest and sliding down towards the button on his jeans, his hand slid over the top of mine and squeezed tight, I looked up, 

"Please?" 

He released his grasp and slid his hand down and popped the button for me, still looking deep into his eyes I slowly slid my hand down and took hold of the zip, as I pulled down the zip I could feel his hardness beneath, my hand trailed off the zip and rested over his hardness slightly squeezing, I could feel his body tensing up as he rolled me over onto my back and placed his lips on mine. His tongue danced with mine once again, as his hand ran up and down my side then over my tummy and down to my wetness, my legs parted as his fingers slid between my wet pussy lips, seeking out my clit, as he rubbed my clit my hands were sliding over his hard body feeling every muscle tensing up. He pulled me close as his kisses travelled down my neck and his fingers sliding off my clit and down into my wetness, my back arched and as I let out a gasp as his fingers slid into me, this had been the first time in a while I had felt a man touch me in this way and my body was reacting, I was so horny, so ready, so in need and so damn wet, I could feel my juices flowing from me as he worked me with his fingers, his kisses travelling from my neck down to my breast, his tongue licking at my nipples, right one then the other, back and forth, taking then in turn into him mouth and sucking, my head by now is thrown back and my body is moving in time with his fingers sliding in and out of me, faster and faster, 
