 I can't call this a dream anymore...it finally did happen...not exactly as written, but close enough...

I welcome criticism, however, if you are going to be negative, be constructive. I will delete those critics who choose to rant, be vindictive or complain about the context of my writing. If you don't like what I write, or want to rant...write your own story...




I dreamt about you...about your body, about how I touched you...aroused you...made love to you...about how you responded to me...about how you gave your body to our mutual pleasures...

Would you like me to share my dream with you? Would you like me to share how you looked to me? How I felt as I gazed on you beauty? How I felt as I touched you and seduced you?

My dream started with me walking up to your door. I saw myself knocking on the door in the middle of a bright spring morning. The sun warmed my back as I waited impatiently for you to come to the door. But once you opened it for me, the wait proved to be worth it!

The first thing I saw was your smile. It lit up your face touching each of your eyes as you looked at me. Your makeup was exquisitely done, not too much, but enough to enhance the innate beauty that is there. Your eyes shone as you looked at me from under their dark lashes. My heart leapt in my breast as I caught the look of absolute lust there.

Your full lips were coated in bright red lipstick. My first coherent thought was what would your lipstick look like on various parts of my body!

I didn't have time to say do or say anything before you stepped back and told me to come in. 

I turned to look at you as you closed and locked the door. You stood back against it giving me my first completely unobstructed look at you. You were dressed all in black. A black vest with a zipper down the middle that is open to the middle of your breasts. A tight black skirt with black nylons that encased your long legs and black high-heeled shoes completed the outfit.

I raised my head to look once again at your face. Your lips were slightly parted with just the hint of a shy smile. God it felt so wonderful to have such a beautiful woman as you want me, to have you ask me to come and share your day with you.

I leaned forward and pressed my lips gently against yours. Our first kiss of the day was tender, but heartfelt. I was surprised by the taste of strawberries on your lips. The taste gave me a bump in my groin and I felt myself begin to stir down there.

I pressed my hands against the door behind you and my body against yours. You pushed back against me, feeling my beginning arousal. Our kiss became more passionate and intense.

I moved my mouth to tickle your ear. I slid my tongue around your jaw line and moved down over the exposed portion of your chest. My mouth found the zipper on your vest and I pulled it down... to discover that you aren't wearing a bra...

I pulled the zipper down to the middle of your stomach, leaving only a couple of inches in its track still closed. I ran my tongue up your stomach, through the cleft of your breasts and back to your mouth. This time, when I pressed myself to you, you hold me tightly within your arms, pulling me hard against you. 

I slide my knee between your legs and press it hard into your crotch. You moan into my mouth. Hearing your pleasure makes my heart sore and causes my cock to twitch. You feel the movement against you leg and giggle lightly into my mouth.

I kneel down in front of you and pull open the last of the zipper. My head slips inside your vest and I kiss my way up to your breast. I lick your warm skin, making circles around you nipple that get smaller and smaller as I go...soon I trap the nipple in my mouth and suckle on it softly. Your hands play with my head as I work the nipple in my mouth. You sigh contentedly as my mouth plays with you. I move to your other nipple and pull it quickly into my mouth, sucking a little too hard making you gasp as I do so. You pull my head from your breast in mock anger, but soon allow me to latch onto it once again. I move back and forth between your breasts, taking my time to enjoy them for several minutes.

My hands are not idle. They move down, and then up your legs and delightfully discover that you are not wearing pantyhose, but rather nylons as my they find the warm, soft flesh at the tops of the welts...my hands continue moving upwards, carrying your skirt with them.

I can smell the incredible aroma of your sex. It is strong and intoxicating. My hands move upwards to clutch the cheeks of your ass and suddenly I discover why your scent is so strong...as you are not wearing panties either!

I slip to my knees and move my head down to kiss you legs above your stockings. You shiver at the touch of my lips so close to your sex. My hands pull you towards my mouth. I snake my tongue out to touch you just above your sex. I feel your body shudder once again. I push my head into your crotch and lick and suck at your seam for several minutes as you whimper and moan above me. Your hands caress my head as I play with you. Eventually you push me away and ask what you can do for me.

I stand up and ask you to take of my shoes and socks. I watch as you kneel before me and take them off. I then tell you to take of my pants. You smile up at me as you hands move to my belt. You still haven't figured out how to open my belt. I laugh gently and open it for you. You smile as you unbutton and unzip my pants and move them down and off my legs. I ask you to keep going and your hands move up to remove my underwear. 

My cock is standing up proud and strong when your hands move back up my legs. You caress my cock and balls giggling softly as you feel it pulse. You tell me how eager my cock feels for the touch of your hands. I tell you it's not your hands that it is eager to touch!

You laugh and ask me what is it looking for? I tell you it is looking for something warm and wet. Again you laugh and this time give the head of my prick a nice gentle kiss. 

You ask me is that what is looking for? I tell you, that while it is warm, it isn't very wet. You smile and open you mouth to take me inside it. I growl and let you know that my prick is somewhat happy now that it has found a part of you that is warm and wet...

You say "only somewhat" as you move to take me back into your mouth. I tell you that my prick is dreaming of other warm, wet parts of you. Your giggle is muffled by my being in your mouth. My prick is discovering just how warm and wet your mouth can be...very...very...wet...and very...very...warm...

I love the way you work your tongue around my manhood. I love the feel of your mouth as I push myself in and out of you. The hungrier he gets, the deeper you take him in...and the wetter he becomes.

While you are sucking me, your hands travel up to my shirt and begin to unbutton it. Soon you are pulling it off me. I stand naked before you now, my hard cock in your mouth. For the first time, I can see all of my cock as it slides in and out of your mouth...it is coated with the bright red of your lipstick. The sight causes my cock to lurch in your mouth. I growl deep in my gut.

Grabbing you shoulders, I pull you up and spin you around, bending you over. You place your hands against the door. I unclip and unzip your skirt sliding it down to the floor. You kick it away as I move between your legs and easily slip my cock into your body. You gasp and I groan as I enter you.

I begin to move slowly, but you want none of that as you push back harder and faster against me. Our speed and strength increases as we fuck in the Fourier. My hands move along your delicious ass, feeling your cheeks and rubbing your thighs gently as we move together. I love the feel of your ass as it pushes back into my hips. The soft cushions of flesh press against me again and again as we move together, heightening our responses. 

I slide my hands along the sides of your body slipping under your open vest to cup and feel the weight of your breasts. I heft your tits and pull on the nipples causing you to shudder as my cock moves within you. Suddenly, I feel your cunt gripping me in waves and you ask excitedly if I can feel it. I know you are cumming and I let you have your orgasm.

After you finish, I pull myself from inside you. My crotch is soaked with your juices. I slip my hand down to touch you there to see if you are still wet enough to play and find that you are still more than ready. 

I pull you into the living room and sit you on the arm of the sofa, slipping your vest from your body. I push you backwards until your shoulders are on the sofa and your ass is still on the arm. I pull your hips to me and sink my hard cock back into your body. 

Your nylon-clad legs wrap themselves around me. I feel the hard leather of your high heels against my ass as I push in and out of you, moving faster and faster, harder and harder, until you have another strong orgasm.

I pull you up into a sitting position on the arm of the sofa. Your legs are still wrapped around me as I kiss you gently, my hard cock still within your body. I can feel your heart racing as we kiss. 

You push me away and stand up, pulling me around to sit on the arm of the sofa. You kneel between my legs and take my cock into your mouth. You lick and suck me for several long minutes, your hands touching and tickling my balls at the same time. I ask you if you want me to cum. You ask me if I am ready to? I tell you I could be, but that I know you don't like the taste. I ask if you are ready to go upstairs then for some more play.

We smile at each other and you stand up and grabbing my cock, pull me behind you as you move to the stairs. I have no choice but to follow, it hurts if I resist too much...lol.

We move up the stairs and, as we come to the first landing, I push you down onto your hands and knees. Standing on a stair below you, I am at the perfect position to just move forward and...

I enter you slowly and we spend several minutes just enjoying each other as we fuck. Soon you tell me your knees are hurting and I pull you up and into my arms. We kiss. Then you take me by my cock once more and start up the stairs to your room.

We hug and kiss our way to your bed, where you push me down onto my back. Once more you move between my legs and begin to lick and suck at me. I ask you if you want to do it by the numbers? You do not understand, so I explain that the numbers I am thinking or are 6 and 9. You laugh and turn around so that we can each use are mouths on the other. 

You sling your leg over my head and I bring my lips to the welt of your nylon-covered leg. My hot breath baths the skin of your thigh above the welt as I bring my lips higher to touch the softness there. I kiss, nibble and nip my way up the back of your leg to your delectable ass. Now my tongue comes into play as I swipe it broadly along the crease of your cheek and your leg, moving inward slowly. I brush my breath over your sex but do not touch it with my mouth. 

I love to look on your sex. To see it when it is swollen with excitement, to see it red with lust, to see the wetness running from it when you are horny. 

You twitch as you feel the heat of my breath between your legs and try to press backwards toward me, but I move over to the other cheek and kiss my way down the inside of your thigh to the welt of the other stocking. You sigh and giggle around my cock as I tease you. I move back up to the juncture of your legs and this time bring my lips to kiss the lips I find there...you moan softly as I touch your heated centre.

I suck your nether lips one by one into my mouth. I know how much you like the feel of this when I do it...I know how it makes your growl and shiver in lust. I take you lips back into my mouth but his time I use my teeth on your lips, pulling them and scrapping them. I know you are close because your hips are moving faster and faster as I tease you. 

Finally, I take you clit into my mouth and suck on it. I feel you shudder and shake and know that you are very close to cumming. I flick my tongue over your clit and feel your ass begin to rise and I know you are ready. I take you clit back into my mouth and suck on it hard are you explode into my mouth. I love the feel of you when you are cumming, how you shake and shiver, how you move to keep yourself touching me intimately on your sex, yet try to pull away from me because it is so sensitive. 

I feel myself beginning to come close. Once again I warn you and ask if you want me there or elsewhere? You groan but move yourself off of me and swing to sit over me placing your hot sex against my cock. It is wet from your mouth, but soon it is wet and much more slippery from your sex.

I enjoy the feel of you rubbing yourself against me as you move back and forth on top of me. You reach down to kiss me and as you do so the angle to your sex changes and the head of my penis slips inside. I groan into your mouth and push with my hips sending my manhood deeper into you until I hear a whimper coming from you as it reaches as far as it can.

Since you are on top of me, you set the pace for the both of us. You move to suit yourself as roll and bounce gently on top of me. My body is getting more and more excited as you move towards another orgasm. My body is racing to catch up to yours but all to soon you cum again and collapse on top of me. It is too late for me to catch up to you but I don't mind.

I sit up with you pulling you into my embrace and giving you tender kisses as your body comes down from it's high. Your legs are cramped beneath you in this position so you move them behind me. We are sitting together with my hardness still inside you as we kiss gently. Your body is still moving and soon begins to build toward another release of pleasure. 

I hug you tightly to me as you move against me, urging yourself toward your newest release. You kiss me hungrily as your body moves faster and faster. Soon enough you clench tightly against me and moan into my mouth as you cum hard. I hug you throughout your orgasm as your sex squeezes my cock strongly. I am so close to cumming but once again your orgasm subsides before I achieve my needed release.

I lay you down on your back and move between your legs. I tell you I have to cum now and am going to fuck you for me...you tell me you are ready for me...

I move into you easily as you are still open from your last orgasm. I lean down and kiss your nipples, taking first one then the other into my mouth. I move up to kiss you gently as my movements become stronger and harder. 

I move my arms under your knees and push them back, giving me more access to you. Soon my thrusts begin to achieve their desired affect as I feel my balls tighten. My hips are slapping forcefully against you as I pump myself in and out of you with stronger and stronger thrusts. The loud sound of our flesh slapping together reverberates off the walls of the bedroom.

I feel the tension mounting in my nuts as I move closer and closer to my release. I ask you if you are ready and you tell me you are and I tell you that I will come soon. I thrust for a couple of more minutes until I feel myself tipping over the edge. With a deep groan I tell you I'm cumming and let go inside of you. 

My orgasm is strong. I feel myself shoot several loads of cum into you. My orgasm leaves me weak but I keep myself up on my hands and knees to kiss you once more. I roll over on my side and take you with me, my hand rubbing you back gently as we quietly kiss.

You reach down to feel me and discover that I am already starting to get hard again. You laugh and tell me that you are not quite ready for round two but your kisses are getting hotter every time you touch my lips...round two is not too far away...