 It was a hot sticky summer's day and i was up early as usual pottering about the house naked like i usually did. You had stayed over last night as you had a couple of days left before you had to go back to work. I was trying to sort out something special for you before you had to go back and it was working out nicely. I was happy things were going right for a change. Just then the phone began to ring and i wondered who the fuck was phoning as it was only 7:30am.

I picked up the phone and it was work and they had a crisis that needed the manager to sort it out. So i had to go in for what i was told would only be half an hour. Before i went I decided to look into my bedroom and found you were still sleeping the phone hadn't woke you. You were your usual only half under the covers and half not and always your bottom half was on show and that big thick cock of yours standing to attention. I mean come on how's a slut like me supposed to leave that alone.

I just couldn't help it I had to climb on the bed beside you very gently and started stroking your erect length with my fingertips. You gave a slight kind of mmmm but never woke up so i started gently licking up and down the sides of your and you tasted so good. You were asleep and rock solid so I moved in closer put my lips over the head and swallowed your full length mmm. I continued to suck you in my usual special way that you loved so much and you never even knew. I could feel the muscles in your cock doing spasms and you were almost at the point of no return. I sucked a little bit harder and faster for a few minutes and yum there it was squirting down the back of my throat warm and salty. A wee bit dribbled down the side of my chin off and on to my firm breast which had very erect nipples. I was just about to rub it off when u lunged forward taking them in your hands.

"Mine." You said.

You had been awake the whole time you fly cunt. With that thought and remembering I had to go into work I released your hands from my boobs and got off the bed leaving you laying there watching me as I got dressed. As it was Sunday instead of my uniform I just put on shirt, denim mini skirt and pair of cute little shoes and blew you a kiss as I left the bedroom and you went back to sleep with a smile.

It was several hours later when one of my staff said there's someone wants to talk to you but they didn't know you so i walked out to shop floor and there you were stood there with that big daft grin of yours.

"Hi honey, I'm almost finished here." I said as I lead you into my office and shut the door behind us.

I was almost done just had to put everything away which would take me 2 minutes. You were right behind me kissing the back of my neck and I could feel the bulge of your cock pressing against my ass. You kept kissing my neck while sliding your hands down my body and slowly lifting up my denim skirt.

"I wanted to fuck you this morning." You whispered in my ear.

You slid my pants to the side and rub two fingers back and forth through my soaking wet pussy lips and over my clit, god it felt so good. You then knelt down on the floor behind me and spread my legs apart and put your head up my skirt. First you licked and nibbled on my cunt then I felt two fingers slide into my pussy.

"Aaahhhh." Was all I moaned out.

You slid your other hand up and buried two fingers into my ass as well as you proceeded to work it with both hands at my holes and your tongue on my clit. I felt as if I was gonna burst with the amount of sensation running through my body especially my cunt.

"Fuck me." I said to you and fuck me you did.

You had bent me over my desk and lifted my skirt up around my waist and you entered my pussy right to the hilt. You fucked me hard and you were so turned you didn't take long to empty your load inside me.

I finished what I had to do after having a wash and we left my work finally at 1pm and we were hungry by then so we stopped for a bite to eat on the way home. It was still so fucking hot outside that we just went home after lunch. I decided to take a shower which was an idea you liked.

"You are such a slut." I said as sex was always on your mind.

"You love it." You simply replied.

So we went to the shower and yes we fucked again in the shower and we washed each other then went into my room. We just lay on the bed in our towels as it was still so warm. I went to get a cold drink with lots of ice and i sat on the bed beside you and. I had an idea something you had spoke about before. So I put down my drink lay beside you and started to kiss you, kissing down your neck and chest and I opened up your towel and kissed around your cock which was hard again. Kissing down your inner thighs then licking your ass parting your cheeks gently and touching you with my tongue ever so softly. You had your eyes closed and a smile on your face. I stood up and removed my towel and then I put an ice cube in my mouth and when I sucked your cock into my mouth and you felt the ice you just let out a big sigh and a mmmm.

I wasn't sucking for long when you stopped me and told me to turn round and get my cunt in your face and you too had an ice cube in your mouth but you were the master you pure teased the life out of me with it but fuck it felt good. We were only doing it for about 10 minutes when Angel my flatmate came home and came into the bedroom.

"Mmmmmm that looks so damn hot." She said as she opened the room door and walked in to see what we were doing.

I gave her a signal that she knew and she started to strip off her clothes. I stood up and went over to her and started gently kissing her breasts as you sat up at the top of the bed. I led her to the bottom of the bed and looked at you and you had a smile from ear to ear because this was something you wanted to see me with another woman. I kissed her all the way down her body to her pussy pushed her legs apart and her knees up around her head and started to lick her cunt.

She was so wet already. She pulled at my legs so I swung them round to her face and we fingered, sucked and licked each other until we both came. We then climbed up beside you and I turned you a little so you were lying on your side and Angel sucked on your cock and I licked your balls and finger fucked your ass. You had a better idea. You lay us on the bed and arranged us into which turned out to be a triangle of oral. I was sucking you, you were licking her and she was licking me it was amazing. You looked at me after a while and I knew what you wanted. We had Angel lay in the middle of the bed then you and I both lay in between her legs and we licked, sucked and fingered her pussy and ass together while kissing each other.

Angel was squirming like fuck on the bed and I stopped to play with myself while you continued until she came with such force it squirted all over your face. After I leaned over and started licking Angel's juices off your face you licked and fingered me as I was close to coming. Twenty seconds later I was squirting my juices all over your face and Angel turned you around and licked your face clean of my juices. Soon after that Angel left us to it and went to her own room to sleep.

You were not finished with me though to which you produced two dildos. You gave one to me and I knew exactly what it was for. We lay side by side and started fucking each other in the ass with them. You were so enjoying having your cock sucked and being fucked up the ass with my dildo. I came quite quickly then turned all my attentions on fucking you with the dildo as I sucked you as hard as I could until you spurted you're cum which there was so much that I couldn't keep it all in my mouth and it trickled out the sides of my mouth and down my chin onto my chest.

As i lay back and thought man that was good you came and licked me clean of your cum. We just lay there and cuddled and finally we fell asleep. I woke up about an hour later and found that you were not laying there by my side. Just then you came in the room showered and dressed. After I had bathed I was about to put my jeans on when you stopped me.

"No jeans tonight babes I want you to wear a short skirt and no panties." You said as you left the room with a smirk on your face. 

After we had dinner we washed up the dishes and we were sitting at the kitchen table having coffee.

"I am taking you dogging when we are finished our coffee." You said bluntly.

"We are going what?" I replied almost choking on my hot drink.

"Dogging." You replied with a smile on your lips.

"We have to be there for 8pm as I have arranged a little treat for you" You replied again with an even bigger smirk across your face.

I had only ever heard about dogging and I knew it did happen. Now i was all excited but I was also nervous and a little scared at the same time. You could see this and told me not to be that this place was one that some of your mates used and you knew a lot of the people that also used this place and that I would love it.

"OK fuck it let's do it." I heard myself saying out loud.

When we got there it was quite funny to actually think that these kinds of things actually went on. 

"Are you sure you want to go through with this?" You asked as you turned to me with a smile on your face.

"Yes." Was all I replied.

Well this one had been set up for just one girl, yep me. It looked like there were about 30 guys there.

"I can't shag all of them." I whispered in your ear.

"Don't worry some of them have only come to watch." I said to reassure you.

You sniggered as you parked the car in position then went out and spoke to some of the guys before coming back to take me out of the car.

"They will come over one at a time but they will not touch you other than to fuck you." You whispered in my ear.

"I will be right next to you so you will be fine." You whispered again into my ear as we stopped at the front of the car and you unzipped my skirt and let it pool around my ankles.

It was quite a weird experience but at the same time it was fucking magic and something I never thought would ever be happening not to me anyway. I could see the guys looking at me and talking to each other and some were even smiling. As we stood there in front of the car a guy started walking over. There was no talking you just played with my pussy a little to make sure I was wet, fuck I was soaking as you stood to the side. I could feel him behind me and then I felt his cock enter me and start to fuck me. He started off slow then began to speed up and felt so good. The thrusts were hard, deep and fast then after a few minutes he pulled out and I felt his cum land all warm on my ass and back before he simply walked away again.

"I want to taste it." I said as you came over to me and rubbed your finger from my pussy up and across my ass and then put it in my mouth.

Then I felt number two and I motioned my head for you to come closer.

"Is this turning you on seeing me get fucked like this?" I panted as I was fucked again.

"Hell yeah." You said as I reached out to feel you and you were solid.

Number two finished and again you fed me his cum. Before number three came over I told you to lie up on the bonnet. I opened your denims and pulled out your cock and then bent over again back into position for number three as I sucked you off as I was being fucked.

"You are one dirty mother fucking slut and you love it." He moaned.

I had now been fucked by seven guys and had no idea how much time had passed and had cum four times. Another guy was on his way over and I put you away as he started to fuck me, man he was big. You were just staring at me as my eyes looked back at you as if asking you what was wrong.

"Do you know how horny I am and how much I want you right now watching this?" You simply asked me.

Just then the guy shot a huge amount of cum over me. He was the only guy that spoke and it was to you he spoke.

"You were a lucky bastard." Was all he said.

"I am a lucky bastard and i want you right now." You said with a grin on your face.

"Take me then you fucker." I replied.

"Sorry guys that's it my slut my turn." You said to them as you slid off the bonnet,it was over all but one.

"Come on let's get in the back of the car." You said as you took my arm.

"Fuck off, if you want me that bad take me right here right now." I demanded.

And you did just that with everyone watching. When i felt you were about to cum I told you to pull out and I dropped to my knees taking you in my mouth as you began to cum and I swallowed it all down. When you had finished cumming and i had cleaned your cock with my mouth you knelt down and kissed me.

"You are a dirty slut and i told you that you love it." You said with satisfaction at being right.

We got our selves sorted out and cleaned up a bit then back in to the car and drove off.

"Man I'm so fucking horny and I couldn't believe that after being fucked by eight guys and you were still so horny too." You blurted out excitedly.

We stopped for something to eat and we were getting ready to leave as I nipped to the toilet. I needed to make a phone call which I did and it was all sorted.

"What now?" You asked when I joined you in the car.

"Home, I have a little surprise for you." I smiled.

"What?" You asked with a funny look on your face.

"Let's go home now it's your turn." Was all I replied.

We got home and you were still trying to find out what but I wouldn't tell you. I took you into my room, we stripped and had a quick shower then I told you to sit on the bed. It was then I heard the front door shut and my surprise was here. I then lay you on the bed and handcuffed your hands to the top of the bed and tied your feet to the bottom before putting a blindfold over your eyes just as the girls walked in but not saying a word. We just smiled at each other and I motioned for them to go ahead and start and I sat on the chair.

One of them climbed on the bed and started to lick, kiss and bite you're at your chest as you let out a moan. I think you just thought it was me until the second one climbed up beside you and started to do the same from your feet upwards. This was turning me on because I could see you getting harder already. It was making me horny as one sucked you off as the other licked your balls and ass fingering it too as you were moaning and groaning like fuck and saying my name. 

In the end I took your blindfold off and positioned myself beside you and started to play with myself and fuck myself with a dildo. I went over and handed one of them a dildo and she started to fuck you in the ass with it while the other sat on your length and fucked you as I played away beside you. They helped each other to cum all over your face and chest just how you liked it and I started to lick it off you as they got up and left.

"Untie me you dirty little slut." You screamed at me.

Just as I had told them not to let you cum they had done it and you were gagging for it. So I untied you and you grabbed me and threw me on the bed. You were breathing very rapidly as you kissed me all over down to my cunt and started licking and nibbling. I was so horny and turned on by now that I came quite quickly and you collected my juices in your mouth and moved up my body to French kiss me so that I could taste myself.

You entered me and fucked me hard with great passion, we turned into your favourite position doggy style and I knew i was going to cum again. You changed and started fucking my ass hard as you could as you were close too. I started to rub my clit and within a few minutes we both exploded into orgasm, an orgasm like no other we both let out a scream. Then as we both lay on the bed in each other's arms and you looked at me.

"You're my dirty little slut." Was all you said before we fell asleep in each other's arms.