 I laid down for a nap this afternoon, and dreamed of you...

I was in a shower. It was one of those large showers you see in movies, the kind with several heads spraying at you in all directions. There was steam everywhere. I was running the shower so hot that I was sweating while getting undressed. I had to leave the door to the bathroom open or I wouldn't be able to breathe in a few minutes. As I stepped into the shower I could feel the sweat roll down the side of my face. I moved under the fall of the water and just let it wash over me. I could feel all the tension in my body float away down the drain with the water. 

As I leaned back to wet my hair so that I could wash it I felt the shower curtain move. I didn't think anything of it and closed my eyes as the water streamed over my face and I ran my hands through my hair to wet it down. It was then that I felt your mouth on my nipple. It felt so good as I had my back arched and the water sprayed down over us. I moaned and let my hands fall. One to the back of your head, holding you there, to keep the sensation, the other to caress your shoulders and back. 

As you felt my hands start to run over your body, you straightened up and moved in close to kiss me. I could feel you hard and ready against me, and everything down inside tightened at the thought. You leaned in to kiss me, and you whispered "Don't stop." I thought you meant rubbing your shoulders, and as I moved to do just that, you shook your head and handed me the shampoo. I looked at you, and then you kissed me, the kind of kiss that takes my breathe away. Long, hard and hot. I moaned, one of the whimpering type, the kind that I make when I really, really like what's going on. As you let me up for air you let me move forward just enough so that I could lather up my hair. 

I put the shampoo in my hand, and brought my arms up again. I closed my eyes, to keep the soap out, but also to enjoy the sensation of my hands running through my hair. Washing my hair is one of those things that is a sensual indulgence for me. I move my hands through my hair and I can feel you watching me, but I just wash my hair, wondering what you had in store for me. Then as my eyes were closed and I had my arms up, I felt your hands running over my body. You had my bath gloves on, the ones that I bought when we went into bath and body together. You had used one of my scented soaps, the orange mango one and I could smell the sharp scent of citrus. 

You started at my neck, running your hands over my collar bone and around the base of my throat. I caught my breathe as your hands moved slowly around to the back of my neck and your body pressed close to mine. As I fought to keep still, you leaned in and whispered to me again "Good girl." You embraced me and ran your gloved hands over my back, the scratching of the gloves in back and the feel of your body against mine made my knees weak and I just wanted to let this last, but I also wanted to touch you. I moved to bring my arms down and you just tsked at me. I left my arms up and you moved back. You brought your hands around to the front of me, and ran them up along the underside of my arms, leaving a trail of bubbles from the soap. You ran your hands back down my arms and stepped back. You told me to rinse my hair. I stepped back under the spray and rinsed my hair like you told me to, again running my fingers through to get all the tangles out, and luxuriating in the feeling of you watching me. 

Just as I finished, you touched me again, running your hands up my arms and slowly pulling them down towards you. You had taken the time to add more soap to the gloves, so they were slick and glided over the skin of my hands. You took your time with each hand, slowly runing the glove around each finger. By this time I had stopped moaning and was just enjoying the treatment. When your hands left mine I felt disappointed, but then I felt the roughness of the gloves against my nipples and I was tingling all over. I had to touch you. I moved in close and ran my hands up and down your chest, scratching lightly at your nipples with my nails. You weren't finished with me though. You stepped back and again reached for the soap. I just watched as you added more soap to the glove. 

I couldn't take my eyes from your hands as you gently rubbed them together to get the lather up. I knew where you were headed next, and it just made me wetter, and my knees weaker, the waiting was getting intense. When you touched me again you started at my breasts running your hands over the nipples again, and then you hands traced lower lifting my breasts, weighing them in your hands. The spray from the shower had washed away the lather as soon as you moved you hands away and you looked into my eyes as you lowered you head and took a nipple into your mouth. I moaned again. The tremors moved through me. I love the feel of your mouth and hands on my body. I had to close my eyes, it was too intense. You were matching what your tongue and teeth were doing to one nipple with your fingers on the other. You released my nipple from your mouth and then stepped back. I reached to bring you back, but you just shook your head again. 

You got down on your knees and my breathe caught. I knew what was coming next. Your hands settled on my hips and you turned me around so that my back was to you. This is not what I thought you were going to do. At that point I just stopped trying to guess where you would go next. Your hands roamed up my back and over my ass, stoping to trace over my tattoo. The feel of the gloves on my skin, there is no way to describe what I felt. Your hands moved down, slowly over the backs of my legs. You lift gently at one leg, making sure I have my balance, and you place a kiss in the sole of my foot, before you run the gloves over it. You repeated the procedure with the other leg. When you put the other foot down, you ran your hands up the inside of my legs pushing gently so that I would spread them. I spread them, and you wanted them to go wider. Instead I placed my foot on the lip of the shower, raising my leg. 

You moved back away from me and placed a kiss at the base of my spine. I had given up trying to see anything, I had my eyes closed and was just reveling in the sensation of being worshipped. you stepped back in close to me, and again I could feel you hard against me, I wanted to turn but you had your arms around me. You reached down and I felt your hands touch me. You had taken off the gloves and you were running your bare hands down over my skin and between my legs and then your fingers found my clit. It was a good thing that you were holding me, because I would have fallen over, the feelings were so intense. I felt my legs shake and all I could do was let the feelings run through me. You didn't stop when I came, you just kept rubbing lightly keeping the orgasm rolling through me, and when it became too intense and I couldn't stand any more, you stopped. You just held me and then you moved your hands back down, but this time you went past my clit and put your fingers inside of me. My muscles clenched down on your fingers, and it was your turn to moan, together we moaned, your fingers felt so good. I let my head fall back against your shoulder and turned my head to nibble along your jaw as you gently moved your fingers inside of me. I couldn't stand it any more. 

I gently pushed down on your arm and made you move your hand out and away. You let me. I turned and reached up for a kiss from you. As we kissed I ran my hands up over your chest and around your back, gently raking my nails along your skin. When I came up from the kiss I moved in and kissed and nibbled my way along your jawline, down to your collar bone, licking nibbling and sucking at your skin. I worked my way down from your jaw to your chest, and I covered every inch of you chest with kisses and bites. I could hear you moan as I moved my way down, down towards what I really wanted. On my knees in front of you, the shower pounding down against my back and shoulders, I took you into my mouth. 

I love the way you feel in my mouth, like silk. Hot, hard, silk. Smooth. I love to hear the sounds you make as I explore, using my tongue to push you towards the edge. You place your hands on top of my head, burying your fingers in my wet hair. Your hips start to move, and I know that you are close. I move away from you and grin up into your eyes. "My turn," I mouth. I meant it was my turn to tease you, but I think you took it as a challenge. You twist your fingers tighter into my hair and drop to your knees with me. You crush me to your chest and kiss me. Long. Hard. 

That's it. No more teasing, no more playing. You bear down on me, pushing me to my back on the floor of the shower, shielding me from the spray with your body. You reach up and turn the shower off. The steam rises around surrounds us. You look down at me and I look back up through lidded eyes. I reach up and you bend your head to my breast once more. As you bite me you move to cove me with your body. I wrap my arms and legs around you, and I flip us over so that you are one your back. I straddle you and there is no stopping now. I take you into me and I can feel my orgasm coming closer and closer. Your hands settle onto my hips setting our pace. I come closer and as I stop moving to let the orgasm wash over me, your hands urge me to move. I can feel you inside of me. Then it happens. I feel you explode into me, and then I collaspe. I lean over you and you wrap you arms around me. I relax and lean down to whisper, "We should get cleaned up," you laugh and then I woke up.

God, I wish you were here.