 I asked him to meet me at my house tonight. Will he show up? I'm so hot for him. How can someone you don't really know alter your thoughts throughout the day? I watched a young girl walk past my window licking an ice cream cone, and I think what it would be like to make a sundae out of his cock and eat it while he watched. If I see his truck drive past me on the road or he phones me, I'm immediately wet with lust and anticipation. No man has ever had such an effect on me.

I got undressed in the bedroom, wanting to be ready for him. It had been a week, and I ached to hold him again. I decided to shower, and just as I was relaxing and enjoying the hot spray of water, I felt his arms around my waist. Without opening my eyes, I felt for his cock. Slowly, I began rubbing it, feeling that he was ready for me. I had almost forgotten just how good it felt to hold it in my hands. I couldn't believe he was actually here – or am I dreaming again? Less than a second later, his tongue was forcing its way through my lips. We pressed our bodies together with urgency. I wanted him more and more each second. When he started to suck on my tongue, I had the vision of sucking his dick in my mind. I felt my pussy start to tingle at the thought. When his hands trailed down my back and he began massaging each of my ass cheeks, it drove me wild. 

He pulled me closer to him and I could feel his cock pressing into my stomach, begging for attention. I broke away from the kiss and got down on my knees in front of him. I felt the water surging down his body, making his cock nice and wet. It reminded me of the way it looks after I cum all over it. I looked up at him and started to lick around his cock in long and slow motions. I dreamed about sucking his dick night after night. Don't pinch me. I don't want to wake up.

I paid special attention to the vein on the underside, making sure that the tip of my tongue flicked over it every few seconds. I could tell that he liked it, because he grew harder in my hands. I put the head of it into my mouth and started to make light vibrations, then making them stronger as I pushed more and more into my mouth. Slowly I sucked it in, and then pulled back. Pushing it in and out of my mouth, I went a little deeper each time, until he was completely in my mouth. I felt the muscles at the back of my throat contract around the head of his dick, driving him wild. While swirling my tongue around his cock, I pulled his ass cheeks, forcing him in and out of my mouth with a steady rhythm. Stroking the remaining length with my hand, I ensured that none of it was being ignored. To heighten his pleasure, I began to massage his balls. Moving lower, I suck on each one, giving one, then the other, a slight nibble before I put his cock back into the warm recesses of my mouth, letting him fuck my head.

I sensed from his moans and movements he would not be able to hold it for much longer. I wanted to taste his salty cum, but I slowed down, took his cock out of my mouth, and licked it up and down. I continued like that until I had covered his entire cock with my saliva. I felt it start to tremble under my tongue. He could not hold it much longer. Just as I got the head of his cock into my mouth, I knew he was reaching his limit. I stroked the shaft and sucked the tip, just as he erupted. Shooting jets of cum into my mouth, I continued to hold him close, taking him deep. I felt the cum spray hit the back of my mouth. Not wanting to miss any, I pulled him almost all the way out of my mouth until only the head was inserted. His cum flooded the back of my throat so I could not help but swallow every bit of it. As I pulled him out, a final spurt hit my cheek and trickled down my face. I used the head of his cock to wipe it from my cheek, and then I licked it off his now drained prick. When I was sure that I got all of it, I stood up and gave him another kiss so he would know that I swallowed every bit of it. 

I could not wait any longer. I broke off the kiss and whispered in his ear, "Please fuck me, right now." It did not take much convincing. Quickly, we left the shower, dried our bodies, and hurried to the bedroom. I lay back on the bed with my legs off the side as he stood between my legs, tall and ready for entry. I was already extremely wet, so there was enough lubrication for him to make a quick entrance. Holding his body just over mine with his muscular arms, he thrust, pushing his cock deep into my willing pussy. Feeling him enter me made my entire body shiver. 

I felt him get bigger and bigger inside of me. We began moving in sync with each other. It felt so good; I could not stop myself from raking my nails across his chest. When he put his lips around one of my nipples, sucking gently, I could not hold back my moans of pleasure. When he started to gently bite my nipple, I could not remain quiet. I told him how great his cock felt in my pussy and how long I had waited for him to fuck me. I knew it was not going to take me very long before I reached my first orgasm. I looked down and I could see his cock pushing in and out of my pussy. With two fingers, I played with my clit. He watched my fingers rub gently around my pussy lips. I knew this would make it more erotic for him – fucking me as I played with myself. 

As he pounded me nice and hard, I licked my lips thinking about him licking my pussy clean of our juices. It was that thought that pushed me over the limit. "Oh, baby, I'm cumming." The muscles in my pussy started to contract around his dick, sending sensations throughout my body. I wanted him to cum with me, but I also wanted to be able to feel the full affects of it. My legs started to tremble, and my back arched. I pushed up as hard as I could so that he was completely in me. I wanted him to feel the full effect of my orgasm. I squeezed him from within as the waves of pleasure overwhelmed me. He held his cock deep within me as I came.

As my orgasm started to subside, I asked him if he would like to try another position. I knew his answer would be "hell yes", so I told him to sit down on my vanity chair and to lean back. I stood in front of him, glistening from the perspiration still flowing down my body in little droplets. I turned around so that I was facing away from him and leaned back. I grabbed his cock and aimed it at my pussy and slowly lowered myself onto it. I waited a moment because I loved the feel of it all the way inside of me with my weight holding me down. Using the arms of the chair I lifted myself up and down on his cock. Every now and then I teased him by pulling him almost all the way out and wiggling around, until he was close to begging me to stop. Before he said anything, I pushed down until he was all the way in and leaned back against his chest, giving him the chance to massage my breasts. As he did, I massaged my clit. I could not help but moan at the immensity of what I was feeling. It felt to fucking good! He cupped my tits in his hands and pinched my nipples. I got so much hornier that I had to go a little longer. I did not want him to cum inside me yet, but I wanted him to be on the verge. I leaned as far forward as I could and started to push myself up and down on his cock. I knew he could see his own cock going in and out of me. He moaned, getting ready to cum, so I slowed. I was not ready for him to cum yet. 

I stood up and grabbed his hand. He did not protest. He knew exactly how I liked it. I walked over to the bureau, bent over, and spread my legs, exposing my swollen pussy. He got right behind me and I heard, "It's pay back time". He took the head of his cock and teased me with it. He rubbed the head up and down on my pussy lips but did not enter until I begged him to fuck me.

I knew if I begged he could not resist. At that moment, he plunged his cock into me. Now it was all about him, he wanted to get off. He fucked me with such fierceness that I was close to cumming again. My wetness increased in anticipation of receiving his cum. It did not take long before I felt his cock start to swell and twitch inside of me. Now it was time for him. He kept pumping faster and harder. He was on a mission and he was going to reach his goal. He rammed me deep one last time and pushed his cock in as far as he could. Holding my hips, he came deep inside me. I felt his cum hitting the inside of my pussy. Suddenly, I was cumming again. My legs could hardly hold me up, but his strong hands held me steady as he poured his cum into me. So much, again! Our combined juices oozed out of my pussy and flowed down my legs. I had a purpose for making him wait until now. Standing in such a way as I was, it made more of a mess for him to clean up. I smiled at the thought of his tongue between my legs. I licked my lips as visions of him sucking on my clit came into my mind.

As I felt the last of his orgasm, I could not hold back my eagerness. "Are you ready to clean up this mess you made?" As he withdrew from me, more cum dripped from my pussy. I walked to the vanity chair, sat, and spread my legs open as wide as I could. I rubbed my clit, slick with our juices. I put my other hand on my breast and started massaging it in sync to the hand that was playing with my pussy. 

He got on his knees in front of me and moved my hand out of the way. I grabbed his head and pushed it toward my begging pussy. He started to lick around my clit, giving it gentle flicks of the tongue. As he inserted a finger into my pussy, he licked all around making circular motions with his tongue. Adding another finger he started pumping them in and out making more juices flow from my pussy. He frantically licked around, getting every crevice and every drop that flowed out of me. He took his fingers out and put his tongue in their place, fucking my pussy with his tongue. I felt it going in and out of my pussy and surges of pleasure ran through my body. I reached down to rub my throbbing clit. He noticed that it was begging for attention and moved my fingers. He sucked and nibbled on my swollen clit, sending even greater surges through me. I could feel my orgasm coming. From the way I was moving my ass around, he could tell that I was close. He moved his mouth down further and started to lick around long and slow. As I came again, more juices started to flow. My lover did not waste any, licking up every bit of it. After getting the last of it, he trailed his way up my stomach leaving a wet trail with his tongue. 

When he reached my tits, he left fiery little kisses in a circle around each one and sucked on each of the nipples. I wanted that tongue in my mouth. I grabbed his head and pulled him face to face with me. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him close to me, pressing my lips against his and shoving my tongue into his mouth. I could taste the remains of our combined juices, as we kissed long and deep.

After all that had happened, it was that kiss that left me feeling the most pleasured. I had the man of my dreams in my arms and his tongue in my mouth. I knew we were going to have many exciting nights in the future and I could not wait to get started on them. I could not wait to feel his cock in my warmest and wettest crevices once again. We broke away from the kiss and got into bed, naked and fully satisfied. I fell asleep in his arms and had the most peaceful night that I had ever had.