 So there I was, lying in bed with the woman of my dreams. She was beautiful. I adored her. We me each other by chance, at the right place at the right time. I took me several months too develop a strong attraction to her. Every day that passed I loved her more. Now to think that, here I am, my ultimate desire fulfilled, I could ask for nothing more. She was like me in everyway I could think of, personality, looks, interests, and past life experiences. Who would have thought someone else liked to sleep naked all snuggled up to pillows? Well, now I didn’t have to, I got to snuggle the real thing, all naked, which brings me to my first point.

I lay there with her in my arms, telling her everything I loved about her, which was quite an extensive list. I told her in between passionate kisses. When I went to describe her wondrous looks, our kisses became more passionate, and as her loins rubbed against mine they began to warm and become moist. I have always found porn stars to be somewhat ugly because they were too perfect, much too perfect to naturally occur and thus unrealistic to expect. My tastes were more geared to natural beauty. She was gorgeous, and not an inch of her sexy body was fake.

It was a chilly winter night, which made her nipples harden. They felt so good as they rubbed against my chest. By now we had moved so that she was on top straddling me. Her juices were beginning to flow, making my manhood slick as her pussy lips rubbed along its length. I took a nipple into my mouth and sucked on it, giving it a lick every now and then. She moaned in pleasure at my warm, wet mouth sucked lovingly on her teat. I let her know how much I loved shape and size of her breasts, which I found to be a pleasant size for her body, and very fun to touch. I slid a hand across her back to her ass, which caused her to arch her back slightly, pressing her sex into mine. I gave her sexy ass a squeeze, and felt her body buzz with my touch.

Then I asked her “Do you know what I like best about you?” 

“mmmmm, what’s that?” she purred. 

Suddenly I rolled her onto her back so that I was on top and said “how sweet your pussy tastes” as I dove down to her scrumptious, wet pussy. I began to lick her with a passion. She opened her mouth to protest but before she could utter a word I had her moaning in delight. I expertly made love to her sopping wet snatch. I savored the sweet taste of her juices, truly thrilled to go down on her. I gave her swelling clit much needed attention, pushing her over the edge into a powerful orgasm.

Now that she was all wet, I slid my quivering member into her slick tunnel. Her heat hugged the full length of my cock, making me moan in pleasure. In long, smooth motions I fucked her pussy. We embraced in an electrifying kiss, shooting pleasure throughout our bodies. My skilled thrusting brought her to a shaking orgasm, and her inner walls squeezed my throbbing rod with every contraction of ecstasy. She nearly drove me over the edge when she came, and my moaning made her very aware of that. “Let me suck you off hon.” she said. I extracted my swollen member from her crotch. It glistened like a jeweled scepter from her wetness. I got on my back and she took my tool into her mouth. She had as much passion for giving head as I did for pussy licking. I felt energy rushing to my loins, her skillful sucking bringing me to my orgasm. She didn’t miss a beat as I shot my cum deep into her mouth. 

As she took my cock out her mouth, I noticed it was still firm, and wanted more action. I gave her ass a squeeze and told her to bend over doggy style. I got some KY out of the drawer and lubed up her tight hole. Noticing her own juices running down her leg, I gave her pussy a few thrusts to lubricate my man meat. I placed my head against her butt hole and began to enter it. 

The combination of KY and her juices made thrusting into her ass delightfully easy. Her tight muscles squeezed every inch of me as I pumped in and out of her. I absentmindedly stroked her clit with my hand, which made her clench my embedded cock in her ass, as if she wanted to keep it in there forever, not letting go. I picked up the pace of my strokes and thrusts. I could tell she was close to cumming when her body shuddered, and I was close to my own orgasm. She went first, creating a vice like grip on my rod which made me cum deep in her ass. We collapsed into the bed, feeling the afterglow of our heated passion.

I withdrew my cock from her ass and held her close to me. I felt so nice to hold my loved one in my arms, and even better to be held in return. Our lovemaking had gotten us all sweaty, and it was agreed upon that we should go take a shower. The hot water of the shower tickled our bodies as we washed each other. I took my time to wash her body with a sweet smelling body wash. I enjoyed running my hands all over her, and I think she did too by the sweet smiles and occasional kisses she gave me. I cupped my hands around her breasts and pulled her into me. The touch of her ass against my cock shot electricity through it, and I could feel it coming back to life. I smiled, basking in the glory of her touch and the knowledge I had found my perfect woman.