 One night as I am working late around 12:30 a.m., you decide to surprise me by showing up to help me 'relieve some stress.' Little do you know it is you that is about to be thoroughly surprised.

As you near the door to my office at the end of the hallway you can already feel your cock twitch as you imagine fucking me in my office. How scandalous! You decide to forego knocking in order to keep the element of surprise on your side, but when you open the door you are immediately disarmed. There I am standing on the far side of my office wearing only a white garter belt, thigh-high stockings and stiletto heels. As if that weren't enough, my head is thrown back in pleasure as my hands fondle my swollen breasts. I take turns pinching the hardened nipples and kneading the soft flesh. But the most shocking thing of all is that I am not alone.

Down on the floor, between my legs, is someone eating out my pussy. You can tell immediately by the long blonde hair and curvy figure that it is a woman! Now this is an interesting development! Me, your sweet and faithful, with another woman! Too turned on by the scene before you to care about my cheating, you attend to the matter at hand by rubbing your swollen, pained cock through the fabric of your pants. 

In a very sexy voice you hear the blonde ask, "Do you like that?"

"Mmmm, yessssss..." I manage to barely breathe out.

"Beg me! Tell me what you want!" she forcefully demands, as she continues to finger me.

"Eat me, please! Make me cum!" I urgently beg.

When I move my head to look down at her, I finally see you. Imagine my surprise, I'm caught! But much like you I'm too aroused to care. By now you have freed your cock and you are stroking it in earnest. 

"Don't let me stop you." You say shutting the door as you come in and sit to the side of us on the small sofa and resume your self satisfaction.

"You were right, Natalia." Kandi, the blonde says, "He is incredibly hot." Then she winks at you before going back to my pussy. She slides her tongue inside my wet, hot box as she massages my clit with her thumb. My hands move into her hair as if to shove her head up my cunt. It only takes a few minutes of these ministrations before my body is trembling and quaking, being racked by an incredible orgasm. I slump to the floor, momentarily sated as Kandi continues to lick me clean. 

You are feverishly trying to get yourself off at this point when you see Kandi whisper in my ear and a devilish grin appears on both our faces. She stands and moves my chair into position a few feet in front of you, sits, spreads her legs so that you can see her glistening, swollen pink lips and begins to masturbate. She makes the hottest sounds as she gets into it and the squishing noises, MMMM. Then I step into your view and for a moment my pussy is right there in your face. Can you smell it? Then I get on my knees and take your rock hard cock into my mouth and start working you. I play with the tip for a moment before taking the shaft in fully. 

"Damn, don't stop!" you groan. It doesn't take long and when I pinch your balls I taste the familiar salty, sweet jet stream. I only take in a little bit then let the rest spray my breasts. I can feel some of the jizz splattering up to my chin and some to my lips.

This erotic display is enough to send Kandi over the edge and she screams out in ecstasy as she shakes and rides the wave of a giant orgasm. I straddle you and kiss you full and open mouthed. 

"That was absolutely IN-FUCKING-CREDIBLE!" you say when we finally part.

"How long have you been fucking this beauty behind my back?" You ask with a smile.

"Long enough, are you angry?" I ask with an innocent look on my face as I gently stroke your cock, succeeding in taking any seriousness out of the question.

"Hell no! But I am a little pissed that you haven't asked me to join you." you reply with a laugh.

After that Kandi comes over and I introduce her, "Kandi, this is my boyfriend Giovanni, Gio this is Kandi, my girlfriend."

"Hello Giovanni, Natalia has told me so much about you." Kandi says as she takes your hand and places it on her breast. You look at me for approval as I reach out with my hand and take her other tit in my hand. In answer to your look I simply ask, "Doesn't she have great boobs? You should taste them."

Not waiting for a second invitation you lean forward to take her nipple into your mouth. As she moans in pleasure I move my hand from her breast to her pussy and stand to kiss her passionately while you continue to fondle and suck her tits. She kisses me just as deeply and places her hand on top of mine as I explore her wetness. The sensation of taking her in your mouth and the sight of us pleasuring each other is quickly bringing back your erection.

"Oh look Kandi," I say pointing at your stiffening cock, "Gio has a present for you, would you like to taste it?"

"MMMM yes." Kandi says as her eyes widen with excitement.

"OK, I'll finish you while you get him."

"Ah fuck yeah!" you exclaim.

First I lie on the floor in front of the sofa, then Kandi sits on my face giving me access to her sweetness and I begin to eat her as she takes your dick into her mouth. She wraps her hand around the base of your shaft and slowly moves it up as her mouth slides down to meet it. With her other hand she squeezes and pulls your balls causing you to groan. She continues to slide her mouth and hand up and down slowly as I slip my tongue into her cooze. My face is getting coated with her honey as she is excited by my tongue and the blow job she is giving you. As I begin to suck on Kandi's clit my own desires satisfaction so I begin to play with myself. Kandi's pleasure is marked by her moaning on your cock which excites you all the more bringing you close to the edge. You pull Kandi's head down onto you, stuffing your dick into her mouth. She can feel the tightness in your balls and she sucks you harder trying to bring about your release. When she moans yet again the vibration is enough and your load begins to shoot down her throat. She swallows hard and fast almost choking on your seed. The feel of your cum shooting down her throat and my work on her snatch is too much and she screams "Oh Natalia..." as her orgasm rocks her. She grinds herself against my face and showers me with her juices as I hold on to her with my free arm. 

As you both recover from your orgasms you look down and see me trying to pleasure myself. Not having that, you get up and lie on the floor and with your face inches from my pussy. You remove my hand sucking the juices from my fingers before gently blowing air on my clit causing me to tremble. Kandi licks my face of her cum as I hear you say, "My turn," before you lower your head and bite my clit. When Kandi finishes her cleaning she moves down to take her place next to you and she licks my cunt lips while you continue to stimulate my clit. I feel her tongue slide into me as you work me.

"Oh yes, yes, yessssssssss ahhhhh..." I cry out as I begin to explode. I spray both of you covering your faces as I buck wildly on the floor. As I come down from my high the two of you move to my up to where I am. We all kiss and clean each other up with our tongues.

"That was awesome!" you say grabbing my ass as Kandi gets up. 

"Well I'll leave you two. I had fun, if you ever want to again, remember I'm just down the hall." She says dressing quickly and leaving. 

When we are alone I turn to you and say, "I know I had fun but..."

"But what?" you ask, confused.

"It's time to wake up."

"What?" More confusion as you look deeply into my eyes.

"WAKE UP!"

And in that moment you do. You realize it was all a dream as you sit up in your bed all alone, sweaty and with your sheets covered in cum.

"What in the world are you doing to me, Natalia?" you ask the air as you get up to shower and clean up. What you don't know is that across town I wake up next to Kandi, having had the same hot dream, with wet panties and the same question.