 [Names have been changed to protect the guilty. The innocent can look after themselves] 

*****

I dated Alec for a few months when I was in my twenties and we fucked a few times either side of that, just as buddies. He was a sweet guy, maybe a bit too sweet for me. The kind of sensitive New Man who would send me links to feminist websites with emails saying "thought you might be interested" and who would worry about sexually objectifying or exploiting me when, truth be told, that was exactly what I wanted him to do. 

One night he was at mine and we were lying on the bed, fully dressed, watching a tacky documentary about sex workers in a brothel in Germany, if I remember right. I think I'd told him I was interested in it – which I was, but I think I was hoping it would be bit of a turn-on – which it wasn't. At one point one of the girls was talking about her customers and she said something like "A lot of the guys who come to see me are young, handsome, they have wives or girlfriends, but they also have things they want to do in the bedroom that they are too embarrassed to ask for at home." 

More out of mischief than anything, I nuzzled up to Alec and asked him. "So, when you go to see a hooker, what is it you ask for that you wouldn't ask me?" 

He immediately got a bit shirty and defensive. "I would never pay for sex! I don't believe in exploiting women's poverty for my own gratification and..."

"Yeah yeah, OK, I know" I interrupted him. "But admit it, you've thought about it haven't you? You've imagined it in your fantasies..."

"No I haven't!"

"Liar!"

He was looking genuinely uncomfortable now and it was really quite cute, so I giggled and kissed him "Don't worry, I won't tell on you to the feminist men's consciousness raising group."

"I do NOT go to a feminist men..." 

"Alec, babe, chill, it's OK. I'm teasing you." There was a moment's silence, before I said calmly, "but I bet there's something you fantasise about asking a hooker to do." 

He made a kind of rattling noise in his throat. I looked at him. He was blushing. 

"Ha! I knew it! You do! Go on, tell me. I won't laugh at you, promise."

"No, I don't, I couldn't I mean... um..." 

I leaned closer and whispered in his ear "You never know, it might be something I have always wanted to do too." 

I'll be honest, at this point I was expecting him to come out with something mechanical or practical, like he wanted me to tie him up with dog chains or suck him off while wearing a scuba mask and snorkel or something ridiculous like that. To be perfectly honest I was horny as hell by that time and I was more than game for any such suggestions. I still didn't expect the answer I got.

"Well," he spluttered. "I do have a fantasy about visiting an escort, like a really classy, expensive Belle de Jour type..." 

"Oh yes," I smiled wickedly. "And what do you want her to do?" 

"It's not about what she does. It's about what I do."

"Tell me."

"Well, I, um, well I imagine having all kinds of sex with her and all the way through I am telling her all the things I am about to do to her, in as much detail as I can manage." 

I let out a little laugh. "Really, that's it? You imagine talking dirty to her while you fuck her?" 

He looked a bit hurt and blushed again and looked down. I said to him "Babe, you know you can do that to me any time? In fact if you want to, you can do that to me every time. You can do that to me right now." 

"No," He replied firmly. "I couldn't. Because I don't think I could disrespect you like that.". 

I placed a hand on his thigh and kissed slowly up his neck, breathing heavily against his skin, nibbling on his earlobe, then spoke softly in his ear.

"Tell me what you want me to do first." 

He took a sharp breath in and said "I want you to unfasten your blouse" 

"Nuh, huh. Be dirtier" 

"I want you to strip for me."

My hand slid up his jeans to where a bulge was forming. My other hand rested on the top button of my blouse. "Dirtier."

He whispered, his voice croaking with nerves. "I want you to rip off your blouse and bra so I can stare at your soft, sexy, naked tits." 

"That's more like it." 

I stood up, facing him. Grabbed the collar of my blouse. It was a cheap imitation silk knockoff from Primark and I had a good idea what would happen if I pulled on it hard. I was right. My blouse ripped straight down the front, buttons flying everywhere, exposing my cleavage squeezed into my white bra. I reached behind my back, unclasped it, slipped the straps off my shoulder and let it fall to the floor. I cupped my heavy boobs in my hands and squeezed them together, running a thumb over one nipple. 

"Like that, you mean?" 

He gasped, open mouthed. Even though he must have seen me naked a hundred times, it was as if he was seeing me for the first time. I kneeled across him, straddled his lap, then leaned forward to kiss him again, my naked tits pressing into his chest. I whispered again.

"What would you want to do to them next?"

"Can I kiss them?"

"No, dirtier." He thought a moment.

"I want to suck on your tits, lick them, kiss them, bite them, feel your nipples swell in my mouth until they feel like little rubber balls against my tongue." I took his head and eased him towards my breast. As his mouth guzzled on my nipples, even through his jeans and my knickers I could feel his bulge become a full erection, pressing against my vulva. Without thinking I started writhing against him, making myself wetter and more desperate. "What next?"

"Strip naked for me." 

"More detail."

His voice was growing more confident now, assertive even. "Stand up. Take off your skirt and your panties and get down on your hands and knees so I can stare at your whole body, naked." 

I've always had a bit of an exhibitionist streak and I get so turned on by being stared at. I quickly peeled off my less-than-sexy bobble socks then stood up, stroking my bare boobs and slowly swaying my hips. I unfastened my skirt, let it fall to the floor, then turned my back on him and leaned forward as I slid my soft cotton knickers over my arse, down my thighs and kicked them aside. I turned back to face him then, as instructed, leaned forward on my hands and knees on the bed, my arse in the air, my knees a couple of feet apart. 

Alec got up off the bed. I wasn't sure what he was doing at first but then the answer hit me. Nothing. He was just standing there fully dressed and staring at my naked body, there, exposed, vulnerable, just for him. I stared down at the duvet beneath me and said "Everything you are thinking. Say it out loud." 

It was at that point that he finally lost his inhibitions, stopped being the Alec I knew and became the filthy monster he had always been afraid to be. I knelt there listening as he started to speak in a slow, steady monologue.

"I'm thinking that your sweet round bum is the sexiest piece of ass I have ever seen. I'm thinking that before I'm done with you I am going to grab those cheeks and pull them apart to let me slide my hard dick into your wet hungry cunt. 

"But I'm also thinking that before that I am going to pull down my jeans and give you my swollen cock to suck into your pretty mouth and make you spit on it and then swallow it down your throat until you gag. I am going to take your head in my hands and fuck your face.

"Have I ever told you how much I love it when you suck my cock? It's true, it is just about my favourite thing. I like to look down and see the concentration on your face as you tease me with your tongue, just occasionally catching my eye. But this time what I want you to do is to look me straight in the face, all the way through, so I can see your eyes as I fuck your mouth and watch my hard cock sliding in and out of your pretty mouth. 

"I'll tell you something else. I love it when you suck me off but I wish that you didn't take my cum in your mouth and swallow, every single time. Because you know, that's hot and everything but this time I'm going to pull my cock out of your mouth just before I cum and I am going to spurt my hot white cum all over your face and tits, just like they do in the porn films. 

"But that is for later. Let me look at your cunt. I mean properly, I want to stare at it, inspect it. I can see how swollen it is before I've even touched it. Fuck Sindy, your cunt is actually twitching as I look at it. I can see where you have shaved and where you haven't and I can see the lips that are going to be pushed apart by the head of my cock when I am ready to fuck you. I can already imagine just how you will look as my whole length is sliding deep and hard inside your body, filling you with thick hard cock.

"Hmmm baby, do you know I can see your body shake when I tell you that I am going to fuck you? It turns you on, doesn't it? Makes you feel like a slut? Do you like it when I call you a slut? What about a whore, will you be my whore for me tonight?"

And the truth was yes, I did. I liked it when he called me a slut and a whore and I wanted him to do it more, but most of all I wanted him to start doing some of the things he had promised. I wanted him to do ALL of the things he had promised. I let out an involuntary moan, by way of reply. 

But he wasn't finished yet. He was on a roll.

"I've never told you this but when we are fucking or when I'm jerking off and I'm ready to cum, I imagine you, Sindy. But I don't imagine you with me. I imagine you as a cheap tart in a brothel like the one on TV, wearing slutty fishnets and fucking and sucking man after man after man, all these strangers queuing up to fuck you like a whore. I picture you fucking sucking, sometimes being taken by a dozen creepy men at once, all using you and abusing you and then cumming all over you."

By this time, I was almost ready to pass out through pure lust. I think all the blood in my brain had run to my pussy. I couldn't wait any longer. I blurted out. 

"I need you. I need you to fuck me. I need you to fuck me right now." 

That's when he touched my cunt with his hand. Just rested it there, his palm against my pussy, one fingertip on my clit. 

And I came. I came right there, right then, I threw my head back and I let out a scream. 

And then? 

Well we did it all. Everything he had said he wanted to do to me and a few others we thought of along the way. The first time he came he was still dressed, his jeans pulled down just enough to fuck me from behind on all fours and I felt his cum hot and wet inside me. The second time was when I had sucked his cock harder and faster than I had ever blown anyone and just as he was about to cum he pulled out of my mouth and yes, he made me his porn star, spunk drizzling all down my face, my chin, and all over my tits. It must have been midnight when we were watching the TV show and we fucked until dawn. Well, we were young. 

As for Alec – we kept dating for a few weeks after that night, but he never wanted to repeat the experience. I got the strong impression he was embarrassed, maybe even ashamed of what he had said and done that night. But just the off chance your are reading this babez, I can tell you now, we didn't split up because that time you were a filthy beast who said (and did) obscene things to me. 

We split up because every other time, you weren't.