 She answered the phone, 

"Hello. This is Eve. How may I help you?" 

"It's me," I answered. "Will I see you tomorrow night?"

"You sure will. I'll be there."

"Good. Do you think you can come up with a computer problem that I will need to look at?"

"I'll think about it," she responded.

"Great. I'll see you tomorrow then. Bye."

"Bye, I'll see you tomorrow."

After we ended our conversation, I again thought that if anyone had told me a year ago that this was happening, I would have said that they were crazy.

A few days before the phone call, my daughter had invited my mother and me to a holiday dinner at her house. She asked me if it would be all right if she invited my ex-wife and her mother also. I said that was fine with me if it was comfortable with my ex-wife. I knew it would be, because, unknown to everyone, my ex-wife and I had been seeing each other whenever we could for the past year.

My mother and I arrived for dinner at 5:30. Along with my daughter and granddaughter and my ex-wife and her mother, we enjoyed a delicious meal. We did a lot of talking and reminiscing. After dinner, my mother and I exchanged gifts with my daughter and granddaughter. 

My ex-wife asked if I might have time to take a look at her computer and see if I could solve a problem she was having since she only lived a few blocks away. I asked my mother if it would be all right with her if I left for a half hour or so. My daughter said that they would keep grandma company while I was gone.

My ex-wife and I went to my car. I started the engine and said, "A computer problem, hmmm." "Yes," she responded while taking my hand and giving it a gentle squeeze. She held my hand the few blocks to her house as I lovingly caressed and massaged her palm.

As we entered her house, no sooner was the door closed than we were in each other's arms, holding tight and kissing hungrily. We wiggled out of our coats without taking our lips apart. I began caressing her back as she pressed her body against mine. I moved to her neck, kissing and nipping at her ear. I felt a shudder course through her body. I turned her around pressing my penis against her buttocks. As I continued with her neck and ears, my hands found her breasts. She caught her breath as I pressed harder against her and began to knead her breasts through her blouse. I pinched and twisted her nipples and felt them instantly harden. "Let's go to my bedroom," she moaned.

"We, don't have much time, my dear," I said as I picked her up and carried her to her bedroom. I laid her on her back, knelt down beside the bed, and began pushing up her long skirt. I ran my fingers along her inner thighs as I reached for the top of her panty hose. I pulled then down, past her knees to her ankles. She kicked off her shoes so that I could remove them completely. I again began caressing up her legs and thighs until I reached her panties. I spread her legs and began kissing her mound through the panties. She uttered a moan and pulled them aside so that I might begin kissing her love lips. "Please, take my pants off," she gasped. 

I pulled the pants down her legs, teasingly kissing her inner thighs as I went. I worked my way back to her womanhood. I widened her outer lips and began licking inside. I said, "I love your taste and aroma." As her inner lips began to open, I sucked and nibbled each side. She began moving her crotch against my mouth and said breathlessly, "Make me come, make me come!" 

I found her clitoris and flicked my tongue across it. Her body jumped at the sensation. I took her center of pleasure between my lips and began sucking as hard as I could. She came suddenly with a scream and her juices covered my mouth. "I want you inside of me, now," she demanded.

I stood up, unzipped my pants, and let them fall to the floor. I positioned myself between her legs but before I could enter her, she leaned forward and took my penis into her mouth. She moved her lips up and down the length of me looking me in the eyes as she sucked me in and out of her mouth. When I could take her sucking no more, I gently pushed her back. I rubbed the head of my penis against her vagina for a moment, and then thrust inside of her. She wrapped her legs around my back and we began furiously driving my hardened manhood in and out of her. I didn't last long and, as I came with a shout, she screamed with another orgasm. I collapsed on top of her. After a moment I said, "We never made love like this when we were married." She responded, "We never knew what we were missing, did we." 

After we got ourselves together, we returned to our daughter's house. We were asked if the problem was solved, and looking each other in the eye, we answered, "Yes, for now."

After dropping my mother off and heading for home, I again reflected that if anyone had told me this a year ago, I would have said that they were crazy. I began remembering how it all started last year. 

But that story is for the next chapter.