 Over the next several weeks, my ex-wife and I really tried to control our emotions. But, writing passionate Emails and talking on the phone only increased our desire. On one occasion, we met for lunch at a park near her work. I brought a blanket. We both packed lunches. Finding an isolated place, we ate and talked and laughed. In spite of our passion and desire, we limited ourselves to hugs and kisses. We left each other unfulfilled.

A few days later, she called to let me know that she would have the next afternoon off. I told her I would free myself and asked her to stop by my house again. She readily agreed. This time there was no pretense of behaving ourselves. We both knew what we wanted. 

My ex was no sooner inside the door than we were hungrily in each other's arms. We dropped on the couch, kissing and impatiently groping every body part we could reach. I pulled her blouse out of her skirt, unsnapped her bra, and like a starving animal, sucked on her nipples. I ran my tongue around one nipple and licked across to the other. She grabbed my head and pressed it into each breast as I went back and forth from one erect nipple to the other. She lifted her skirt, grabbed my hand, and placed it between her legs. I pulled down her pants and greedily touched her swelling sex lips. My fingers were instantly covered with her wetness. She pressed my hand to her clitoris while holding my face to her breasts. As my fingers massaged her clit, I licked and sucked her breasts. She held me tight. I continued my pressure on her clitoris until she came with a scream. I continued rubbing her clit and brought her to several more, stopping only when she asked. 

She informed me that now it was my turn. I lay back and she unbuckled my belt, undid the zipper, and pulled down my pants. She unbuttoned my shirt and began caressing my chest. I felt her tongue lick my nipple. What felt like a bolt of electricity flashed through my body. She moved to the other while I moaned with pleasure. She ran her fingertip across my abdomen, never taking her lips from my nipples. She moved her fingers to my legs, stroking up and down my thighs. Then, with one hand scratching my scrotum, she fondled my erect penis with the other. Her hand left my scrotum and began rubbing and pressing against my anus. My body jerked and a groan escaped my lips. She took my penis with both hands and began moving them up and down and back and forth. As my passion swelled, my body shuddered. Knowing I was about to come, she wet a finger and, as semen exploded out of my penis, pushed hard against my anus. I never come so strongly in my life. She took some come and rubbed it across the head of my penis, creating almost unbearable sensations. She lay next to me with a sigh of contentment, and fondled my penis until it became soft in her hand. 

Awed by the intensity of our passion, we decided that we would have to draw a line somewhere. I suggested that we stop short of actual intercourse. She agreed that would be a good place for the line. 

We rearranged our clothing and, as I walked her to the door, planned our next encounter. Since the next week promised Indian Summer weather, we we agreed to free ourselves for an afternoon and have another picnic in the park. I told her that this time, she was my main course! She laughed and said I would be her dessert.

I arrived early and explored the woods. Searching well off the path, I found a secluded clearing near a stream. I spread out a blanket and set up the picnic. Meeting her in the parking lot, I led her to our spot. We ate hurriedly, then sat for a while watching red and golden leaves floating lazily in the current.

I put my arm around her, her head resting on my shoulder. We began kissing. At first, they were soft and gentle. Our kisses became more passionate, and we explored each other's mouths and sucked on probing tongues. 

I had her lie on her back, her head in my lap. Leaning over to continue my kisses, I began fondling her breasts through her blouse. As she started to become aroused, I moved my hands under her skirt, running my fingers from her calves to her thighs. She opened her legs, giving me access to the center of her pleasure. Her body protested as I removed my hands from beneath her skirt. Returning to her breasts, I unbuttoned her blouse and unfastened her bra. Leaning down, I ran my tongue around the base of her nipples. She took my head and moved it over a nipple, urging me to suck on it. I took it into my mouth, sucked gently, my tongue on its tip. I moved to the other. I could feel the heat from her rising passion as I went back and forth from nipple to nipple.

She took my hand and placed it between her legs, pressing it on her mound. I began fingering the slit of her opening through her panties. She rotated her hips, pushing herself against my fingers. 

With both hands, I removed her panties and raised her skirt. Instead of caressing her with my fingers, I licked the inside of one thigh. I looked up for her reaction, and she gave me a nod. 

"Now," I said, "It's time for my main course." 

I moved so that my mouth could easily reach her legs and sex lips while my hands could still give attention to her breasts. I began running my tongue up one thigh and down the other while pulling on her hardened nipples. Occasionally, I would brush my tongue across her protruding outer lips causing her to moan and arch her back. 

After several minutes of this, she lifted my chin and said, "Please." 

I smiled and, reaching behind her knees, pulled her legs up and apart. I licked my way up a thigh again. When I reached her outer lips, I opened them with my tongue. A squeal of pleasure escaped her mouth.

"Oh, Leto, make me come like this. Suck me hard," she begged.

Licking her opening, I could taste her juices as they began to flow. I found her clitoris and ran my tongue around it until it began to swell. I drew it into my mouth and sucked firmly. I softened my grip and touched it with my tongue before forcefully drawing it in again. Her body began to stiffen. I could sense her nearing orgasm. Suddenly, she grabbed my head, pushing my face against her clit. I pulled on it as strongly as I could with my mouth and she came with a shout. Neither of us would let go, and, with her hands gripping my head and her clit in my mouth, she came again. As she relaxed, I licked her dry. Lying beside her, I heard her sigh, and gently caressed her thighs. 

She wasn't finished, her body again responding to my touch. I began fingering her sex lips again. Tentatively, I inserted a finger into her opening. Her hips began moving against it. I inserted another finger, and began slowly moving them in and out of her. The pace of her hips quickened. I began rubbing her clit with my thumb. She pushed hard against my fingers and thumb, held herself there, and, with a groan, came again. My fingers continued gently stroking inside as she recovered. 

After a few moments, she leaned on an elbow, looked into my eyes, and asked, "May I have my dessert now?"

"Please do," I answered

Telling me that I would never forget this moment, she helped me off with my pants. She ordered me to lay back and close my eyes. I did as she ordered. 

Her fingers began caressing my legs. Up and down, and, every so often, brushing against my anus and scrotum. Suddenly I felt her tongue flicking the top of my penis. My body nearly jumped off the blanket. She teased me by rolling her tongue around its head. I arched my back toward her mouth. She pushed me back and continued licking around the whole length of my shaft. Just when I felt that I could bear no more, her lips pulled my penis into her mouth. She took in its head, sucked strongly, and pulled it out. She took me in again, this time a little farther, sucked even more strongly, and pulled me out slowly. Each time I was taken farther and farther into her mouth until I could feel the back of her throat. Suddenly, she was moving my penis in and out of her mouth as rapidly as she could. I began to arch my back at every down stroke and moan uncontrollably as she pulled back. When she knew I was about to come, she began pushing a finger in and out of my anus. Semen immediately burst from my penis, filling her mouth to overflowing. I didn't think I would ever stop coming. When I opened my eyes and looked at her, I saw come dripping from her lips. She leaned down and kissed me, sharing my come with me. We looked into each other's eyes with passion, desire, and satisfaction. 

We rearranged our clothing and sat for a while, holding each other tenderly. 

Regretfully, we knew it was time to go. We stood and shared a long, soft kiss. We walked to the parking lot and said goodbye. But this time, we made no promises or vows. We would not have kept it anyway, as we were soon to find out.