 I haven't seen my ex-wife's sister in quite some time. We were not on the best of terms. Obviously the break up had a big effect on the entire family. We were some what close but I didn't realize how much until the break up. I also found out that she split with her husband in the last couple of years. 

My son was getting married and I had to prepare myself to deal with my ex's side of the family. I was public enemy number one at one point. I was planning to be cordial and respectful to everyone. 

The day of the wedding came and the first part of the wedding was going to be at a park. A reception was to follow at a local hall. When I arrived at the park I saw my former father in law so I went directly up to him and started taking. I thought it was the best place to break the ice. While talking to him out of the corner of my eye I saw this gorgeous blond walking towards us. I soon realized its was my ex-sister in law Robyn. Wow she was hot and very sexy in her black one piece jumper. Her ample tits bounced a little as she approached. I could tell she was giving me the once over. She was very cordial as we made small talk and even placed her hand on my arm several times. 

The wedding ceremony ended and we had to drive to the hall which was a few minutes away. 

My ex-wife told me that one of the tables near the bride and groom's table was for our family. I saw that I was seated next her sister. We were enjoying cocktails waiting for the wedding party to arrive so we could eat. 

We were again making small talk and talking about dating adventures in the era of the internet. She placed her hand on my thigh on several different occasions while we talked. A few more drinks in and she said, "I have a few secrets to tell you," as she placed her hand on my thigh and squeezed. I'm sure I looked puzzled because I truly had no clue what she was talking about. Here this gorgeous women was squeezing my thigh only inches from my aroused cock. 

"So it was a long time ago when I stayed with you guys. First secret, I walked on you guys having sex. I backed out of the room but I stood on the side of the door way and watched." My jaw hit the table. "What in the world. That's not possible," was all I could say. I thought back to that time because she stayed with us about a month. When she was there my wife and I definitely had more sex than usual.

"I saw you eating my sister's pussy while using your fingers on her pussy and ass. I stood there mesmerized as my sister begged for you not to stop. I didn't realize but my hand was rubbing my pussy through my sleep shorts. I was very wet in a matter of minutes." She paused as I'm sure I looked confused. My cock was hardening as she continued to inch her hand closer. "I leaned against the door jamb as she moaned and thrashed under your tongue. God I wanted it to be me," as her hand touched my cock through my pants. I looked around to see if anyone one was watching.

"You stood up and pulled her to the edge of the bed, that's when I first saw your amazing cock. My knees weakened as you grabbed it and rubbed it up and down her pussy. My hand was now inside my shorts vigorously rubbing my wet, throbbing pussy. You teased her with the head of your cock as she whimpered and started to beg for it. You slammed into her and we all moaned simultaneously. Her moans were increasing in sound level and frequency as you were fucking her like a machine. Harder and harder you pounded her pussy, your cock glistening more and more each time you withdrew. My god it was so thick and long." She paused and let out a little gasp. My cock was rock hard as she rubbed it through my pants. 

My ex-wife and her boyfriend came and sat down at the table. I assumed Robyn would stop but that only made her rub and squeeze a little harder. We were all making small talk after a few minutes they got up and asked if we wanted to go to the bar with them to get a drink. Robyn said were catching up and asked if they could get us a couple of beers. She never stopped rubbing my cock. "Your going to make me cum if you don't stop." 

She leaned in close to me and whispered, "We don't want that just yet, I have a better place for you to cum than inside your pants. Inside my very wet pussy," as she placed her index finger of her other hand on my lips. I could feel her wetness and smell the muskiness of her pussy as dragged it slowly across them. 

"Do you want to hear more? Or should I stop." She whispered. 

"YES." I responded quickly and very loud for our proximity. "God yes."