 After two 'bad' experiences with their dad's public erections problem and especially the last one that ended with his cum on their asses, Chloe and Bree wanted to get away from him; so they left their parents and went looking for boys their own age.

Chloe was amazed with how at ease she felt walking around in public nude. It wasn't because she had a hot 18 year old's body or her spectacular 36 C chest, it was because everyone around her was naked and these long time nudists were so comfortable and confident being naked, it had rubbed off on her.

Bree also was not rattled by the nudity. Of course, she was not the naïve, inexperienced high schooler her sister was. Bree had lived on her own at college, she had had a chance to learn more about life and herself. She had discovered and embraced her sexuality, including her exhibitionist and submissive natures.

Bree spied a handsome young man by the pool. Apparently he was the pool boy as he was getting ready to test the pool's chemistry. She steered their walk toward him.

"Hi," Bree said. "I'm Bree and this is my sister, Chloe. We are new here."

"Hello, my name is Paul."

Paul stood and faced the sisters. He showed them his cut swimmer's body: narrow hips, defined abs and waist leading to his broad shoulders. Paul was 6' tall and had short brown hair. He was a handsome 22 year old man.

Bree dominated the conversation, but soon realized that he wasn't into her. Paul kept glancing at Chloe and trying to bring her into the conversation. Bree wasn't upset or jealous, she didn't take it personally. She knew her piercings didn't appeal to everyone. Bree said,

"Paul it was nice meeting you. I need to go, but could you explain the testing procedure to Chloe. She's always been interested in chemistry."

Paul bent down to gather some pool water. Bree whispered in her surprised sister's ear,

"He's cute. He likes you. Go for it."

Bree left her sister with Paul. As she walked away she heard him describing the testing procedure. Soon he had Chloe assisting him. The two enjoyed the close contact. 

Paul said, "I have a break at 3 pm. Can you come back and join me?"

Chloe smiled and said, "It's a date."

^^^

While Chloe was spending time with Paul, Bree went looking for another man that could pique her interest, someone suitably endowed. She found a young, tattooed maintenance man named Carl who responded favorably to her piercings and had the correct equipment.

Chloe was headed back to her cabin when she came across Bree and the tattooed man. They were leaning in close to each other talking. Chloe was just able to hear what Bree was saying.

"You talk a good game...Well, here comes my little sister; she could be our look out. What do you say Big Boy?" Bree taunted Carl.

Carl grabbed Bree around the waist and hustled her to the tool shed. Bree laughed and said, 

"Chloe, Carl and I want to be alone for a while. Have a seat outside the shed and don't let anyone disturb us," Bree said with a wink over her shoulder.

"Unbelievable," Chloe said as she sat on a bench beside the shed.

As soon as they were in the building, Carl pushed Bree face-forward into the wall. His rapidly hardening cock pressed against her ass. His hands raked across her breasts. His fingers caught on the barbell piercings in her nipples tugging and pulling her pebbled nips. Bree hissed in response.

Carl dropped to one knee and bit Bree's spectacular ass multiple times. She squealed. Then he spread her ass cheeks and rimmed her anus on the way down to her bare cunt. He lapped at the source of her wondrous nectar until she moaned and was good and wet.

Everyone was on fire: Carl, Bree and Chloe. Chloe crossed her legs attempting to relieve an itch that was growing with every sigh and moan emanating from the shed.

Carl stood and wrapped a strong arm around Bree's narrow waist. His other hand position his prick at the entrance of her dripping vagina. Forcefully, he drove his steel rod home. Bree gasped with pleasure. Carl continued to control her, to dominate her as he pounded the hell out of her. Bree was in ecstasy thinking, "I so chose the right man". Carl was proving to be everything that she sought in a lover.

Carl treated Bree as his fuck toy. He put both hands on her hips and pistoned in and out of her tight hole. "The bitch is getting what she deserves," he said to himself. Fortunately for Bree, she was also getting everything she liked. Bree screamed announcing her climax,

"Yes! Yes!....yes."

As she came. Carl released his load and filled Bree with his hot spunk. He grunted in rhythm to the jets of his cum that coated her womb.

Chloe heard all this and was further enflamed. In frustration, she said,

"Every member of the Monroe family has climaxed today, except for me. That is going to change at 3 o'clock. 

Flushed and covered with sweat, Bree and Carl, burst out of the shed gulping for fresh air. They stumbled and lay on the grass as they recovered from their orgasms. 

Chloe stood rigidly and announced,

"You two are worse than animals. I have an appointment. I'm out of here."

Bree laughed and hugged Carl while Chloe headed over to find Paul, it was almost 3.

Paul was standing at the pool gate and smiled broadly when he saw her. That made Chloe feel nice.

Paul asked, "Do you want to get a drink or some ice cream?"

Chloe slipped her arm around his arm, pressed her firm breasts against him and, while she fluttered her eyelids, she said,

"I was hoping we could go somewhere private."

"Cool. I know just the place."

Paul took Chloe off the beaten path to a secluded field surrounded by trees with a nice view of the lake.

"This is beautiful," Chloe said.

"You are beautiful, "Paul said as he stepped in close to her and looked her in the eye. 

Chloe blushed. Paul leaned in and kissed her. Chloe responded with a tight embrace. The couple kissed – long kisses, short ones and French kisses. As their lips and tongues explored each other, Paul's hands sought out and traversed her butt. Chloe was a full figured girl with an ass to die for. Paul found it to be toned, soft, round and wonderful. 

Chloe enjoyed his touch, but she was hungry. She slipped from his embrace and knelt to taste his manhood. His 4" hand rolled cigar penis had swollen to a thick 6 inches of firmness. Chloe had never seen or handled an uncircumcised cock. She examined it with her eyes, hands and mouth. Paul let her take all the time she wanted. 

Paul felt himself getting close and pulled out of her pretty mouth. He guided her to the ground and began feasting on her wonderful tits. She was blessed with an awesome set: large, spherical, firm and now available to him. His hands, mouth and tongue tested every facet of their loveliness. Chloe lay grateful for his attentiveness as the warmth and wetness in her pussy grew and grew.

Paul would have loved to spend a lifetime treasuring her breasts, but his need was growing. He slid down and delved into her hairy sex. Again, he exhaustedly explored it with lips, tongue, mouth, hands and fingers. Chloe loved it. She came for him. She grabbed his head and held it to her crotch as his lips sucked on her clit. She moaned while gasping for air as her pleasure sensors registered readings off the charts.

Paul laid his head on her thigh letting her concentrate on her orgasm. Moments later, she reached for him and pulled his lips to hers and they passionately kissed. Chloe rolled her hips into Paul; he understood and guided his hardness to her softness. Chloe sighed loudly upon penetration and urged him on.

Paul found her exquisite, unbelievable. He set a slow pace tasting her tight, scorching pussy with his divining rod. Chloe only put up with his leisurely gait for a short time. The girl had been teased, her sexual appetite taunted by her sister, mother and father's behavior. It was time to satisfy the fire within her. Chloe bit Paul's ear and scratched his back as her hips demanded a faster tempo.

Paul understood the message, he stopped playing Mr. Nice Guy and began pounding her. Her raspy breath and soulful sighs told him he had made the correct decision. His groin boiled, exploded and fired shot after shot into Chloe. She grabbed his ass, pulling him tight to her. She ground her clit into his pubic bone and came fiercely and noisily.

Chloe left Paul exhausted, lying on his back in the grass. Totally satisfied, she kissed him and walked away smiling.

^^^

On the way back to her cabin, Chloe bumped into her family. They were headed to the stables, Chloe accompanied them. She and her sister had always had a soft spot in their heart for horses even though they rarely saw one in person.

When the family reached the stables, Bree and Chloe shrieked and jumped up and down like little school kids begging to ride the horses. Dave and Angie granted them their wish and decided to join them in a ride. 

At the stables, they met Tracey, the 22 year old woman who ran the stables. She was fit and athletic, with a slim waist and a modest bust. Her lower body was as Dave imagined a horse woman's body would be: full hips and buttocks and muscular thighs. She was a redhead with a ponytail. Down below, all she had was a small tuff of red curls about her shaved sex.

Angie said,

"We'd all like to go riding, but we aren't experienced riders." 

"No problem. Don't worry about your riding ability or the horses. They are well trained and very gentle." 

Bree announced, "We women want to ride bare back."

Bree had visions of her mother, sister and herself wrapping their legs around a 1000 pound vibrator. 

Tracey laughed knowing where the sassy brunette was going said,

"Sorry, we don't allow that. Too many women end up... convulsing and falling off the horses." 

They all saddled up and had a pleasant ride. The women talked amongst themselves leaving Dave free to concentrate on the unique view. He allowed himself to enjoy watching six lovely titties bounce, shimmy and shake in the warm sunshine. He hoped his steely hard-on was hidden by the saddle horn.