 As if possessed by animalistic urges, she growls at me hungrily, looking down at me through parted strands of hair and dark lashes. She climbs off me, crawling to the opposite side of the large plush sofa on all fours, planting her hands firmly on the opposite armrest. her back arches, legs spreading slightly, as she thrashes her head about, her long dark hair floating above her angelic body for a moment before coming to rest on her smooth backside. She turns her head back to me, beckoning me to her with a mere gleam in her dark eyes.

I oblige without further hesitation. 

Crawling my way across the velvet sofa to her, my tongue extends to slide up her ass cheeks. Her body trembles slightly at the touch of it against her skin. I can hear her purr softly as I slide it up her glistening slit, over and over, lapping at her briefly, priming her for what is to come. Soft sighs begin to fill the room once again, her body writhing as she sits on all fours waiting to be penetrated, to be violated. Her eyes turn back to me, glassy, glowing with perpetual desire as her tongue encircles her lips slowly. 

I smile at her up over her heaving ass cheeks. The look of want plastered on her face so gorgeous. I can deny her no longer. Rising up to my knees I slide up behind her, my cock rigid once again and hungry to be inside her. Taking it in my handm fingers wrapped tightly around my base as i prod at her opening, poking my head at her drenched lips. Her body shudders. Slowly her hips start to gyrate back into me, urging me in without words. Gently I push myself forward, easing my thickness into her slowly. Deeper and deeper with each push of my hips. 

Timid gasps and soft yelps emanate from her mouth, now muffled in the armrests of the sofa as my cock rests deep inside her now. My hips start to rock back and forth, side to side, letting all of her feel me within her. Her muscles tense, gripping me inside her pussy. Her walls massaging me as if prepping me for the workout ahead of me. Slowly I begin to fuck her. Sliding myself in and out of her slowly. The motion causing her to react accordingly, mimicing my movements in tandem, fucking each other, becoming one. A machine of passion, driven by two uncontrollable forces, her hunger, and my desire to please her. 

Her body arches as my hand runs up her back, sliding smoothly against her damp skin, nails raking back down to the small of her back, then trailing back upwards. Her head thrashing as my cock continues to fill her with each thrust inside. Her mouth opens wide as her head turns back to face me, eyes still glistening with lust and graced with a look of gratitude. I stare her back down, pushing harder inside her as her eyes tell me to do so. Her soft gasps now turned to cries of pleasure, louder by each passing moment. I watch in awe as her body performs a dance of sex that I have never witnessed before. Gyrating and writhing with abandon, up and down, back and forth, impaling herself on my shaft. I oblige her back. My body leans back, supported by my hands upon the smooth velvet. My hips buck faster, receving each push backwards from her with pleasure. She holds back no longer. 

Up on her knees, her hands running down her body to support her madly bouncing breasts, she bounces her body atop me furiously. I do what I can to fuck her back, trying to push my cock deeper into her still. her head thrashes, sending her hair flailing about in a dark storm, I watch as this vixen insatiably pleasures herself on me. Riding me with a desire unmatched, she continues to slam herself down on me, my cock throbbing harder with each penetration. Soon her body goes rigid, back arching towards me and pressing into my chest, her hand reaching back to wrap around my neck while my teeth sink into her neck. Watching as her tits bounce gently beneath my eyes, wanting to grasp them in my hands as I drive her to orgasm, but my hands hold me up, with her atop me. 

I buck my hips as hard as I can, moving my cock ever so slightly inside her. I watch her other hand drift down her body to fiddle her clit, throbbing and swelling like mad by now. I oblige her. Fucking her as hard as I can, grunts and moans echoing in the room, as I feel her body tighten up and begin to shudder. Her pussy walls grip and release me in pulses, while a sensation of warmth and wetness engulfs me. My cock tingles, an electric current shooting through my body as her orgasm curtains over us. Her body heaving, trembling atop me as my body comes to rest, shuddering softly as her pussy lets out small spasms of the remains of her climax. 

I slide her spent body off of me to lay flat on the couch, and I slide myself atop her, gazing down over her glowing body. Her eyes open to meet my gaze, glassy and small with a hint of unsatisfied desire still shimmering in her gaze. She smiles as her hand runs down over my cheek, tenderly caressing me toward her for a kiss. My lips meet hers as our mouths open to accept one anothers tongue for another dance of desire to begin. Our kiss seemed to spark another fire of want in her as her once spent body soon became alive with sexual energy once more. Sliding forward and guiding my body behind her, I lay now with her back against my chest once more. My arms wrap around her, taking her breasts in my hands finally, having wanted to hold them for some time now. 

Her leg raises and comes to rest on the top of the sofa. One hand reaching down between her legs to grasp my still hard cock, guiding it over her slit, toying with it, rubbing it slowly over her still moist pussy. My mouth opens and I slide my tongue over her neck, her head leans back and rests against my shoulder, in a moment of tenderness, we lay still, just revelling in the presence of one another. But that moment does not last long. I feel her hand guide my head to her fuckhole once more, feeling the familiar warmth of her pussy engulf me once again. I waste no time, and begin to push my hips into her. 

My cock slides easily inside her and she gasps once again in that petite little yelp that turns me on so. Her eyes close once more, and I begin to fuck her faster, harder, grasping her tits tightly, rolling her nipples between my fingers, accompanied by her own tender grasp on my hands. My chest grinding against her back, she can feel my chest heave against her, just as I can feel her body tremble with each deep thrust of my cock within her. We continue to rock the sofa, fucking each other with mad desire. My cock throbs harder than ever, and she knows it, she can feel it. She looks back at me, eyes squinted with a passionate and sexy glare. No words needed by this sexy vixen to drive me forward. 

I support her raised leg with my hand, holding it up, keeping her legs spread wide to let me penetrate her with slick ease. We both glance down to watch my cock slide in and out of her, glistening and shiny with each withdrawal. Placing her leg back atop the sofa, I slide my hand between her legs, I begin to roll her throbbing slit between my fingers, driving her mad, crazy with the rhythmic sensation of my cock prodding in to her. Her body shudders a familiar tremble, a shaking that I have come to recognize. I brace myself against the back of our velvet lovebed and start to fuck her harder, deeper, faster. Driving my cock down to the hilt with each thrust. I am in deep concentration. Sweat beading and dripping down my face, barely noticing the screams echoing in the room, or the creaks of the legs of the sofa. Faster, she urges me on, begging me to fill her with my load. All manners of filth pouring out of her lips to coax my orgasm to her. I oblige. 

My body tenses, going rigid as I feel her pussy tighten around my cock. Her head slams back in to my shoulder as her body quivers intensely with her fourth orgasmm of the night. This sensation around my shaft drives me wild, pushing me over the small edge into ecstacy. I try desperately to keep up my pace, bucking my hips into her as hard as I can, over and over as my body begins to tingle, my cock goes numb, then with a loud groan it begins. Each thrust into her causes my cock to pulse, streaming hot waves of my orgasm into her. Our bodies plastered together with the only movement coming from the spastic movements of our hips. My face tight, clenched with desire as my climax continues to fill her, mixing a cocktail of ecstatic love within. 

My head floating in the clouds, our bodies slowly drifting back down to reality as the lasst few spurts of my cum fills her. She tightens her pussy muscles around me once more to milk the last of it into her before releasing me to breathe. 

Her arms drape over me behind her, as my hands finally release its grasp upon her tits, the impression of my hand left on her light skin. Spent and exhausted, we lay there for what seemed like an eternity before moving. I lay there gazing at her ethereal body as it slides off the sofa, onto her knees on the floor as you float down to give my cock a kiss, gently taking the head inside and suckling softly to see if anything's left. I shudder and smile as our gaze meets one another. 

I sit up, wiping the sweat from my eyes. I get up from the sofa and make my way to the bathroom to run a bath for us to get cleaned up. I have absoultely no idea of the time. As the water runs, I light candles along the counter, the sound of the running water emptying into the large porcelain tub so soothing to my ears, yet so loud that i did not hear the doorbell chime, nor did I hear her answer the door. As I stand up from the last candle along the side of the tub, a look of utter surprise overcomes my face as I stand naked, staring into the doorway at her, and in her arms is another woman. A striking blonde. Clearly a friend of hers. And very clearly here with us in the bathroom.

"I hope you don't mind honey. But this is my friend Ashley. She caught a later flight in, but is here now."

I can manage nothing but a smile.