 It all starts as I get home from work. I notice an envelope with my name on it stuck in the screen door. Hmm. Carefully opening it, the single scrap of paper says, 'Put me on and stand in the living room.' I look down and there is an eyemask that has fallen in between the doors. I pick it up and go into the house.

Once inside, I look around my living room. No one is there. Hmm. I lock the front door but hold onto the knob, trying to decide if I should do as the note says or not. 

Living alone, my life is somewhat predictable. Breakfast alone. Lunch alone. Dinner alone. Same tv shows. All alone. Screw it, I'll do it.

I drop my purse and head into the living room. Where should I stand? I glance around. I'll stand away from the coffee table just in case it's a suprise party. Wouldn't want to jump and hurt myself. Might as well be in the middle of the room. 

I slide the eyemask over my eyes. I immediately start to pick up all the small sounds in the house: the clock on the mantel, the ceiling fan overhead, the sound of water in the bathroom. Water in the bathroom? My heart trips a beat: someone is in the house. Who? 

I feel someone touch my hand. I jump. They take my hand and bring it to their lips. I feel soft lips graze the knuckles. Then one finger slides into their mouth. I moan. It's been so long. I feel their tongue caressing my finger, sucking slightly. My knees turn to jelly. They slowly pull my finger out of their mouth, teeth gently raking my skin. Arousal spreads thru my belly, into the valley between my legs.

They take both of my hands and lead me away, to the bathroom I think. By this time, I can't remember my own name much less what is in my own house. Sad, isn't it? The sound of water gets closer. We stop in the bathroom, next to the shower. 

The shower is about the size of a walk-in closet, big enough to hold 10 people easily. I feel hands start to take off my shoes. Suprisingly, I feel another set of hands taking off my shirt. Two people? My mind reels at this. Are they men? Women? Both? And who? They make short work of my clothes and one pulls and the other pushes me into the shower.

Maybe I'll finally get to find out who and what are with me. Four hands roam over my body, armed with soap, washing every nook and cranny, exploring everywhere. I feel someone move closer to my head. A husky voice whispers, "Keep your eyes closed or the fun will go away." Then the eyemask is slowly removed. They lovingly wash my hair and replace the eyemask. "Good girl," the voice whispers. 

I feel myself being rinsed off with another sensation: There is a tongue on my right nipple. Oh my god! My head falls back as I moan out loud. The tongue swirls around, sucking it into their mouth. My back arches, trying to get more into their mouth. I feel a hand trailing down my stomach, touching my lips. Fingers seek out my clit as another mouth takes control of my left nipple. The fingers pinch, pull and roll, and, with the combination of the mouths on my nipples and clit playing, I quickly orgasam. 

I feel bad. It was over so quick. Now they would leave me. I apologize to them. I hear a chuckle. The voice whispers, "That was just an appetizer. We wanted a better taste of you." With that said, I feel a finger slide into my pussy then back out. Then another one goes in and back out. I hear them sucking their fingers. I can feel myself getting excited all over again

Hands lead me out of the shower, tugging me toward the dressing table. They dry me off, carefully patting every inch of my body to make sure all moisture is gone. I can detect a new smell: vanilla. What is vanilla in my bathroom? Then I remember. A co-worker had given me a vanilla-scented 'adult' gift set for Christmas. Since I was single again, it had never been used and lay in the closet somewhere. Who were these people?

Hands started at my feet and moved upwards, massaging in the scented lotion. I could feel various kisses being placed all along my calves, knees and thighs. Just imagining what was to come made me extremely wet. Hands moved up the inside of my thighs, separating them to apply the lotion. I felt hands deliberately brush my lips, stealing my breath away each time. After what seemed to be forever, I heard the voice. "Bend down." My hands are pulled down and I find myself in an L shape: my hands are braced on the padded stool of my dressing table, my legs are slightly spread, my breasts are swinging slightly and my ass and pussy are exposed. 

As I think about how this must look, I groan. By this point, I am turned on so much that I want the torture to be over. I reach up to take off the mask, through with the game. I feel a slight sting on my left butt cheek. I stop, dumbfounded. I actually got spanked! After analyzing my feelings, I realize it didn't really hurt, only suprised me. 

"Please, stop playing with me. I can't take much more of this," I plead. Right then, I just wanted to be fucked. I was working myself up really good by that time.

"Patience is what you need," that damn voice whispered. They made quick work with the rest of the lotion and pulled me into the bedroom. They put me on the bed and, once arranged, was laying on my back, feet on the bed near my ass with knees bent and my ass on the edge of the bed. 

I hear a vibrating sound and get excited. Now I'm gonna cum, finally. It touches my skin and I jump. It's a razor! "Don't move!" the voice says sharply. 

"What are you doing that for?" I ask, my voice shaking.

"The better to eat you with, my dear," it says.

They make quick work of shaving me bare. My hand is tugged down and I am ordered to touch myself. It feels nice, my hands glide easily over my pussy, still wet from my own excitement. I hear a groan and it sounds like a man's groan. Maybe I can get him excited enough to forget this game. 

I spread my lips and push two fingers in, getting them wet. I spread the wetness all over my lips, making it easier to caress myself. I push in three fingers only to pull them out and bring them to my mouth, moaning as I lick them clean. I hear a groan as I am sucking on my own cum soaked fingers. 

"I didn't tell you that you could do that," the voice grinds out. My hand is jerked out of my mouth and replaced with a hot, wet mouth. A tongue licks my lips clean of my own cum. "It tastes even better on your own lips."