 This is just a short description of one of my fantasy situations. It is different than my stories, and in the first person. Hope you enjoy it. 

*******************

I lay on my stomach on the bed, bound gently to the four corners, a horseshoe pillow supporting my head comfortably while still allowing me to breathe. The room is warm, the light a soft glow of candles on the table just beyond the foot of the bed. Across my eyes is a soft, sheer fabric that blurs everything to a hazy outline.

I feel warm oil dripped on my left foot, and strong hands begin to massage it deeply, working out the tension of the day. Each toe is gently rolled and tugged, the oil-slick fingers sliding along them providing a strange mix of comfort and stimulation. My heel is rubbed deeply, while seconds later the touch is almost feathering along the sides of my ankle.

My left calf is treated to similar strokes, first deep and relaxing, then lighter. When he finishes with the left, he treats the right to the same luxuries.

At the back of my right knee, he drops feather-light kisses on the soft skin while trailing his finger tantalizingly up the outside of my thigh. Goose bumps erupt everywhere he touches and I hear his soft laugh as he watches my skin react to his caress.

My right thigh, then my left, are massaged with firm strokes, some very deep and almost painful, before he returns and treats the skin to his gently caresses. Each time his fingers near my center, my back arches to encourage their path to veer into my now very wet core, but the strokes remain resolutely away from the place I want them. My sweet torture is nowhere near over.

Warm oil drips on my butt and I purr as I squirm at the erotic sensation. His hands grasp my rounded cheeks and massage them deeply, thumbs brushing oh-so-near my puckered hole, but never contacting it.

He continues up my back, working out the knots and stroking the long muscles. His touch becomes teasing again, drawing curly-Q's and writing love notes up my spine.

When he reaches my neck, he begins by blowing softly behind my ear. I can imagine his grin as my entire back breaks out in goose bumps. Using his oil-slick fingers, he traces my ear, tugging it gently and pinching the lobe in a way that feels like his lips nibbling at it. He drags his fingers down my neck and across my shoulder, continuing down the back of my arm.

I feel a warm, moist sensation envelope my right index finger, and know he has gotten ahead of himself. He swirls his tongue around the finger, sucking gently and I sigh. As my finger makes an audible pop leaving his mouth, I find he's realized his mistake and he returns to massaging each finger, my palm, and up my arm. Crossing to the other side, he maintains his control and massages gently before drawing his finger-tips up the inside of my arm, causing me to shudder at something akin to a tickle, but so much better.

Now the true torture begins as he uses only his finger-tips, first on my arms and back, then up the insides of my legs and across my butt. Each stroke brings more wetness to my center as I pant and writhe. I am ready to beg, but I know he will only extend the torture if I speak. My hands and feet pull at their bonds, but I'm held firm.

Now he allows himself to indulge in tasting me. He sucks my toes, nibbles the backs of my legs, and licks along my neck and the sides of my breasts. My body buzzes with anticipation at his sweet seduction.

After many minutes of exquisite torture, his fingers actually touch my pussy lips, but only briefly as they swoop up and over my butt. His right index finger traces my crack, down to the sensitive flesh just behind my vagina, and I can tell he has touched my wetness as he swirls his finger before drawing it back up across the star of my anus.

I gasp, the closest I am allowed to get to speaking, but his finger is just as suddenly gone. My whole body thrums with the pent-up excitement of his caresses, and I crave his touch in my private places.

A sharp tap on my butt tells me to lift my hips and he places two pillows under them. I am now displayed lewdly for his appreciative gaze, and I can feel my juices beginning to seep from between my lower lips. 

He also sees that slick moisture escaping and runs his finger through it, drawing it back. His stroke brushes my clit, but continues back, pressing briefly at my entrance before continuing back to my anus. There he pauses, using the gathered moisture to allow his finger to press slowly past the tight muscle, just barely entering my dark hole before retreating and returning to do it again.

My panting breaths come fast as I press into his finger, each entry going just a tiny bit deeper until his finger is in me up to the first joint. With the addition of a drop of the warm oil, a second finger begins to press at my dark sphincter, and with a sigh I relax and let it enter with its companion. He continues to gently fuck his fingers into my ass as I writhe and moan. 

The darkly erotic stimulation is sweet agony as it makes me hotter while providing no relief. I want to beg, to demand satisfaction for the ache he has built in my body, but experience tells me to remain silent, to take what he gives me and know that eventually he will want his own satisfaction, and I can take mine as well.

Abruptly his fingers are gone. I can only hope he will return and not leave me here, ass in the air, hot and needy. I know he will quench the fire soon, but he may take his time.

I hear the water running and breathe a sigh of relief. He is washing, which means he wants to move on to other touches, touches that will heat my flesh even more.

I hear him enter the room, feel the bed dip with his weight, and a chill runs up my spine wondering what he will choose to do to me next. 

His fingers, cool now, trace the smooth distended skin of my lower lips. His breath caresses the flesh between my legs, forcing a shuddering breath from my lungs. As he holds my labia spread, a finger lazily dips into my moisture, circling the apex of my sex, so near but not touching my aching clit.

I resist the urge to squirm, knowing my punishment for moving now will be many minutes of touches in stimulating areas far from my hot center. I must wait for him to grant me release. 

He must sense my restraint as he draws his finger in ever tighter circles before resting softly over the hood of my clit, moving almost imperceptibly, ramping up my need. My breathing is ragged as he treats my most sensitive spot to this torment. The movement is so tiny, yet has massive effect! I moan, biting my tongue to prevent my thoughts from spilling forth. I want him in me so badly!

His finger draws back to circle my cunt. It dips into me, but it isn't enough. A second finger joins the first, and suddenly he is stroking my g-spot, increasing the pressure, increasing the speed until I'm gasping and my body begins to shake. He slows, but only long enough for the spasms to settle before he is rubbing it again, bringing on another g-gasm, both wonderful and unfulfilling. He continues this exquisite pleasure for several minutes, each time the spasms getting more pervasive until I couldn't talk if I tried.

As I lay there, tremors flowing out my limbs, a strange giggle emanating from my lips, my bonds are suddenly released and he flips me easily, my hips still propped on the pillows. He speaks for the first time in over an hour:

"Is this what you want?" he asks huskily, tapping my pussy with his hard shaft.

All I can do is nod, making a sound resembling "Mmhmm".

He rubs his hard member in my copious fluids, again circling my swollen clit, making me jerk and gasp before he thrusts deep into me, groaning his pleasure.

After several long, slow thrusts he presses a fist into my low belly, putting my already twitching g-spot in perfect alignment to be pounded with each powerful thrust as he speeds his motions. My primed body begins to twitch and spasm as he grunts with each plunge.

When he takes my pebbled nipple into his mouth, rubbing his tongue roughly over its tip, my body explodes in waves of powerful pleasure, sweeping out from my cunt to my finger tips, gripping his cock in strong ripples of muscle and bringing him to his release with a shouted curse and three deep thrusts.

His spent body sags beside mine, still joined at the hips, as he tells me how I looked before he took me, completely submitted to his will. I shiver with the after-shocks of my orgasm as I consider what it will be like when he is the one tied to the bed. But that is another fantasy.

*************

I hope you had fun reading my little fantasy. Maybe if you all like it, I'll write the one with him held down.

Please vote and comment.