 I picture us in your bedroom, with you, naked on your back on the bed. There are two scarves tied at the top corners on each side of the bed. I wrap the ends a few times around the palms of your hands and fold your fingers over them; I lean over you, my lips brushing lightly against your ear as I whisper "Don't let go." 

I move back from the bed and drop my robe in the floor. I'm wearing a black lace bustier with red ribbon trim that laces up the front and matching panties. I pick up a bottle of massage oil and let a few drops fall into my hand. Setting down the bottle, I rub my hands together and starting at your ankles and run my hands firmly over the muscles of your calves and thighs. A little more oil and I kneel between your ankles on the bed. My warm slick hands glide up the insides of your thighs, kneading gently, rubbing my thumbs in the creases of your thighs. Watching your face, I hold your balls in my right hand as my left hand circles the base of your dick and slowly glides up the shaft and twists around the head. Your eyes close and your hands grip the scarves tightly as you concentrate entirely on the way my hands feel on you. After a few more strokes that get faster as they go, I suddenly stop, making you groan in frustration, as I continue massaging my way over your chest.

To get a better position, I straddle your hips, the thin warm, moist material of my panties brush against your hard dick as I massage your left shoulder and up your arm. My hair brushed across your chest as I switch to your right shoulder and arm. Lightly grinding my hips on yours I gently pull back your head and kiss you hard and deep on the mouth, my tongue sliding against yours. I sit back and I can tell you want to unwrap your hands because of the way your fingers grip and release the material but you are willing to let me play a little longer. 

I love feeling your eyes on me as I slowly slip the strap off my shoulders and lift my tits out of the cups, lightly pinching my nipples. I hold the bottle of oil upside down and watch the drops of oil roll down my skin, leaving slick trails of oil, shining softly in the dim light. I slowly massage the oil all over my tits, and lean forward to wrap my warm, slick tits around your dick, sliding up and down. You start moving your hips up and down, fucking my tits. You increase the tempo, but after a few minutes I move away again, teasing you, making you wait. I move to sit next to you and lean forward, my tits brushing your face and I prop a pillow behind your head. I take my time, teasing your mouth with my nipples, letting your tongue flick over them, sucking them into your mouth. Your mouth tugging on my nipples makes my pussy so wet but I have other plans. 

Now that you are propped up, I pull out my bag of toys and lie down with my head toward the foot of the bed, giving you a perfect view of my open thighs, my tits and my face. I slide my panties off, toss them to the side and pull my knees up and let my thighs drop to the sides, leaving my smooth pink pussy complete open to you. You start to let go of the scarves but I remind you not to let go and you indulge my playing a little longer. 

Using my left hand to spread open my pussy, I rub the fingers of my right hand up my wet slit to my clit. Making small circles on my clit with my eyes half closed, I cum while you watch, helpless to do anything else. I pull my silver vibrating bullet, my thick, veined dildo, and the self warming lube out of my bag. Rubbing my hands over my tits, pinching and pulling my nipples, I anticipate what will happen next. I drop a few drops of lube on my slit and rub it in slightly, feeling my pussy tingle with the heat. I put my bullet against my clit and turn the dial to high. Almost immediately I feel an orgasm ripping through my body, lifting my hips off the bed as I moan and pant. 

After I stop shaking, I take my dildo and it slips easily into my juicy pussy, giving me the incredible stretched feeling that makes me want to cum again. You can clearly see my pussy, wet and full of my dildo as well as my tits swaying with each move I make and the look of excitement on my face at the moment I first touch my clit with the vibrator. My hips buck up and down on the bed and the vibrator teases my clit while I slide the dildo in and out of my pussy, fucking myself while you watch, unable to touch me or your throbbing dick. I fuck myself faster and faster, getting closer and closer to a huge orgasm. You can see translucent white pussy juices coating the dildo and dribbling out of my pussy. I'm calling your name, telling you how fucking good it feels, having you watch me make myself cum just for you. I ask you "Do you like watching me fuck my pussy?" and you moan.

"Yes, that's my good girl. Fuck it for me." Hearing that is enough to push me over the edge and I start cumming hard, over and over, every muscle in my body tight, my head turning from side to side until my body can't take and more and I let the vibrator fall and my pussy squeezes the dildo out. Instead of lying back and relaxing, I crawl over to where you are lying, your hands still wrapped in the scarves. I kiss you deeply several times and then I straddle your face, my hot wet pussy rubbing gently over your mouth. 

You immediately run your tongue up and down my slit, tasting my cum, and sucking my clit. Your chin brushes against my pussy as you tease my clit with your mouth and it feels so good I gasp and rub against it again. It doesn't take very long for your mouth, tongue and teeth to have my pussy twitching again and in just a few moments I'm cumming all over your face. By this time you've had all the playing and teasing you are going to take. You unwrap your hands from the scarves, slap my ass and tell me to get on my hands and knees. 

You move in close behind me and in one stroke you fill my pussy with your dick, making me scream. You waste no time, fucking me as hard and fast as you can, slapping my ass and pulling my hair, while telling me what a tease I have been. You can tell I'm almost ready to cum again so you dig your fingers into my hips and hammer me hard making me cum all over your dick. You pull out of me and tell me to lie on my back. You kneel near my head and rub your dick over my lips. I can taste myself on you as I lick up and down your dick. You tilt my head back and slide all the way into my throat, your balls on my chin. You slide almost all the way out and then back in again. While you fuck my mouth you reach down and ease my dildo into my pussy. 

You hand me the vibrator and I press it to my clit. Your dick sliding in and out of my mouth, the dildo sliding in and out of my pussy, your hand squeezing and pinching my nipples and the vibrator buzzing my clit all at the same time, it feels so incredible, so erotic. Everything seems to move with the same rhythm, the tempo building, getting faster and harder. My body begins trembling as wave after wave of intense pleasure rolls over me. As I cum again and again I moan around your dick, the vibrations making you pump faster but before you cum you pull out of my mouth. You pull the dildo out and toss it across the room and with my vibrator still on my clit you slam into me, fucking me hard and fast. Every time you slide in and out you feel the vibrator on the shaft of your dick, my pussy tight and slick around you, my body shaking as I cum over and over. You suck and bite my nipples and all over my tits, leaving dark purple marks, you fingers digging into my hips and you thrust harder and harder until you explode inside me, filling my pussy with so much cum it leaks out onto the bed. 

Once we finally stop cumming, we are too exhausted to do anything but wrap our arms and legs around each other and fall asleep.