 It’s the day before the holiday weekend, our biggest customer has insisted that we man our posts “in case they need something”. I’m still at work, everyone, except John and I have, gone home, even our boss is on vacation. 

There is nothing to do so I go in and sit on John’s desk, one foot up on his chair, the other dangling. We are chatting and he laughs at something I say and grabs the calf of my leg. He slowly slides his hand up the inside of my thigh. I stop his hand as it reaches my crotch. 

I laugh and say stop, but he stands up and pushes against my hand and starts rubbing my pussy, through my jeans. 

I tell him no again but he just whispers, “I know you want it!”

He gently pushes me back on his desk and pulls my legs so my butt is at the edge. He reaches down and opens my jeans, tugs at them and pulls them off. 

I watch him as he slips his thumbs inside my bikini panties and practically rips them off. He sits down in his chair, placing my legs on his shoulders, and dives face first into my fuzzy mound! 

I knew right then that I had wanted this as much as he did! I can’t believe how incredible it feels already! I am breathing so hard and begging him, "Lick me harder, baby! Lick me harder!"

His hands are all over my tank top, squeezing my heaving breasts and my hard nipples. I am squirming all over his desk, gasping for breaths as one of his hands goes down to my soaking pussy.

First he slides in one, then two fingers, under his jabbing tongue, while gently brushing my ass so teasingly with his thumb. I am at the brink of orgasm, screaming, “Harder! Harder! Harder!” 

He raises his head and smiles, "I knew you’d like to get it the way I like to give it!” 

He dives in even more forcefully, his fist pounding against me while his fingers poked harder and harder. I’m there! I tense up and clamp my thighs on his face as my back arches. I gasp, groan and moan while my entire body tremors and shakes.

I start coming back to reality as he lovingly licks the wetness he caused, “You taste so good,” he sighs, his hands working to open his pants.

He stands and lets his trousers and his boxer shorts drop to his ankles, “My turn!” 

I prop myself up, glance down, biting my lower lip, and see his cock pointing at my pussy, “I’ve got another idea,” I push him back slightly and instruct him to sit in his chair. 

I slip off his desk and slowly drop to my knees, my hand grabbing his cock like it was a lever. “Oh God!” he realizes what’s about to happen.

I know how to give a blow-job and I don’t make him wait for his! 

I glance up into his glassy eyes as my tongue traces the swollen vein along the underside of his shaft. I see that he loves every second of this as I draw more wetness into my mouth and soak the front of his balls with my tongue.

He moans my name, over and over and his hands reach my head, fingers running through my hair.

I am certain that he can’t handle much of this and ease my lips up, kissing his pole along the way until I reach the mushroom shaped head. I glance up again and see his eyes begging me to take him deep into my mouth. God, I want him too!

Forming a tight circle with my lips, I slowly roll my mouth over the tip. He gasps and lets out a groan. I continue down his long hard shaft. God how I love the feel and taste of his cock! I love the sexy odor and the contour of swollen veins and flesh. I love the warning taste of his pre-cum. I probe with my tongue, enjoying the throbbing beat of his pulse and take more and more of him in. 

Finally taking it all, I felt his pubic hair tickling my lips as I listen to his continuos groans of ecstasy. I pull back to the top and begin a slow up and down movement swirling my tongue around the underside of his cock, my saliva running freely down its length. I know he can't hold back for long and let go for a moment to prolong his release. 

“Do me now!" He pleaded, “Oh, suck me dry! Please do me now!” 

I smile and lower my head again. This time I move my lips rapidly over his cock. I work my tongue in quick circular motions as my head bobs and anticipation courses through my body. 

It doesn’t take long. His hands grab the back of my head and he is fucking my mouth as I take him to the brink. He releases a cry and pumps his hips furiously. His entire body seems to produce the orgasm and he feels his cum traveling up from deep inside, moving quickly and then gushing forth in hard spurts, one after another. 

I swallow the first few spurts quickly, letting his thick cum flow down my throat. It actually thrills me to know that I’d mastered him. I continue greedily until he was through then smile as he leans back in his chair. 

I lightly lick his cock and watch him slowly recover. I get up, turn around and lean over the desk, my pussy in his face. 

He feels my urgent desire and stands up behind me. 
 “I really need to fuck you,” his hands reach up under me and push up my tank top and uncover my bra. 

His hands squeeze my breasts through my soft bra and his fingers carefully tease my rock hard nipples. I can feel his cock at my wet pussy lips and know I have to have him fuck me!

I look back, into his eyes and see a fire burning. He moves closer and I reach back and guide his bulbous head into the inner folds of my wanting pussy.

He quickly shoves his cock into me. He leans forward and gently kisses my back and groans something about me being the best piece of ass he’s ever had! 

He starts hammering back and forth with wild desire. “Take my cock!” he rams harder and harder, “I’ve needed your pussy for so long!” he groans, “Oh, baby!” he drives so hard, my face moving back and forth across the desk, “Oh, baby! What a sexy fuck you are!”

Then screams of parts of words blast across his lips while his cock jackhammers me into another orgasm.

We are silent for about a minute and then he pulls out, my pussy oozing sticky potion. He pulls up his pants and shorts and leaves me to get dressed.

I finish the afternoon at my desk, quivering with aftershocks. He gets a phone call and needs to rush off. I will never look at him the same way.