 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Catching up on the story: Sarah was my favorite cashier at the gourmet market. The day she turned 18, however, things changed between us. That day, I left my wallet on the register. When she brought it to my house after work, things heated up quickly! See Chapters 1 and 2 for full details, but we had just finished a very enjoyable shower when I left off...

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Steam swirled in the bathroom as Sarah pulled open the door. Without a backward glance, she was off down the hallway, peeking into doorways and rooms. I followed her, entranced by the shapely thighs peeking out from under her towel, not to mention the twitching of her luscious 18-year old ass.

When she got to the end of the hall, she paused at the door to the master bedroom and looked back at me over her shoulder. "Could you get me a bottle of water?" she asked.

Caught somewhat off-guard, I nodded and headed back toward the kitchen. How was this happening, I asked myself for the millionth time. How was I fetching a drink for a nearly-naked 18-year old who had showed up at my house unannounced? What in the world made her come in, strip down, get in the shower with me, treat me to the best head of my life, and let me bring her to a shuddering orgasm all in the space of a few short hours?

Recalling a wise saying about gift horses, I muttered, "Fuck it" to myself and grabbed two bottles of water out of the fridge. Not certain what I'd find, I headed back to my own bedroom.

When I opened the door, there was no sign of Sarah, but there was a towel hanging on the doorknob of the master bathroom. I padded across the dark hardwood floor and nudged the door open. Sarah stood before the sink, patting her hair dry with her remaining towel. I stopped in the doorway and gawked unashamedly...who wouldn't?

She glanced my way briefly, but kept on drying her hair. The smooth muscles of her back and shoulders flexed enticingly. Her weight shifted as she worked, leading her legs and her ass into subtle, beautiful motion. Her breasts never stopped moving, lifting as her arms went up, bouncing gently in harmony with what she was doing, firm and supple and capped with dark pink nipples that I wanted to wrap my lips around..I could have watched her for hours.

I was still staring at Sarah's nipples when she decided her hair was dry enough. She turned toward me, enjoying my lustful scrutiny, and 100% certain where my eyes were locked. To drive the point home, she lowered the towel behind her back and grasped both ends, drawing the edge slowly up her legs, over her ass, and up until it stopped in her armpits. The whole motion thrust her breasts out and forced them together in a delicious spectacle. Then, cruelly, she snapped the curtains of the towel shut, ending my ogling and tucking the towel end back into place.

"Is that my water?" she asked, snapping me out of my trance.

"One for each of us," I replied. Taking the bottle from my hand, she opened it and took several deep pulls. I did the same, trying to recover my poise, but Sarah was having no part of that!

"So, Steve..." she began.in the same tone she had used to tell me to strip down and rise off earlier. "Here we are in your bedroom, right? Is this what you were thinking about when you were checking me out in the store?"

"Not quite..." I replied, trying to match her level tone. "I love looking at you because every part of you is beautiful and graceful, and you're so damn nice to top it all off, which makes you even more attractive! I'm not some old pervert imagining you chained to my bed or something like that. I would describe it as respectful lust. That's what it's been with you. Respectful lust."

"I like that," she said with a smile. "It totally fits. I knew you were looking at me, and I liked that you were subtle about it. It made me feel like I was special and grown-up to have a man like you looking at me that way. That "respectful lust" thing totally works!" With that, her smile turned to a soft laugh, and she took another sip of water.

"I never thought it would work like this," I confessed.

"Well, it did!" Her enthusiasm was part sophisticated woman and part sweet teenager.

"So..." I began as casually as I could, "I hope you don't have to go back to work or anything..."

Sarah snorted, then smiled to take the sting out of her response. "I'm all yours," she said simply.

Trying to match her directness, I said, "Oh, good!" and grabbed her water bottle. I set both hers and mine on the vanity top and stepped close to her. She looked at me wide-eyed and silent. With a swift move, I swept my arms under her arms and knees and picked her up. Her face was inches from mine, and I kissed her softly on the lips. 

"I was hoping you'd say that!" I told her.

With that, I turned and strode across the bedroom. When I reached the bed, I bent down and whipped back the covers without letting go of my tightly wrapped burden.

"I think it's time for some very respectful lust, don't you?" I asked her.

"Absolutely," she said with a knowing smile.

Standing beside the bed still, I unwrapped my towel and let it drop to the floor. My cock sprang out, more than halfway erect in anticipation. Sarah's eyes gleamed and she reached for it hungrily, but I smacked her hand, determined to set the pace for the next encounter.

"Patience," I told her. She look up and me, puzzled and a bit frustrated, but when I reached down and opened her towel, she settled back against the king-sized pillows contentedly. I paused once again to admire the tableau spread out before me like a feast--succulent breasts, silky-smooth skin, soft curls, and slightly parted lips.

"Move over," I told her, gesturing toward the middle of the bed. She scooted over eagerly, and her damp towel joined mine on the floor. Then I climbed onto the bed, kneeling beside her. I leaned down and kissed her deeply, letting my hand rest on her belly, caressing her as our lips met and our tongues began to flicker across each other.

My hand moved up to cup her breast, pinching her nipple briefly but firmly, and then slid down her side, over her hip, and along her thigh before traveling back to her stomach. I did the same for the other breast and the other side, then let my fingers trail across the top of her pubic hair before pulling back up. Her hips rose, instinctively chasing my retreating fingers. I repeated this several times, savoring her body and its response as much as I was enjoying the kiss.

The next time my hand headed that way, she bent both legs and pulled them up, ready to thrust toward my hand more effectively. Instead of giving Sarah what she obviously wanted, though, I moved down until I was kneeling where her feet had been. Her eyes widened, thinking I was moving into position to enter her. Her feet slid down toward me and her thighs parted, ready to wrap themselves around me, but she would have to wait a bit before that happened!

A look of puzzlement crossed her face when I lifted her left foot, but it was quickly replaced by closed eyes and a small "oh" of pleasure when I kissed the soft sole. I don't have a foot fetish, but I do know what works! With one hand, I held her foot in position and lavished attention on it, kissing each toe and briefly sucking the largest one. My other hand, meanwhile, stroked her from ankle to hip, carefully avoiding her inner thigh.

After just a minute, I let her left foot fall back to the bed next to me. When I touched her right, she lifted it helpfully into position. I glanced at her face, but her eyes were still closed, and a sensual smile flickered across her lips as I worked my way around her toes again. This time, though, my hand was on the inside of her leg, and my strokes went all the way down her inner thigh, brushing against her labia before heading up again. I could feel her arch slightly at each contact, and I knew she was getting eager for more!

Without altering my kneeling position, I kissed the side of her foot, then her ankle. When I reached her calf, however, I put her heel on my shoulder. Sarah's eyes opened, and once again a small "ohhh" escaped her lips. To reach the back of her knee--one of my favorite spots--I had to push her leg higher and bend down. Although I was enjoying the journey, this movement brought her hips up and her glistening pussy parted with anticipation. My God, I couldn't wait to get there!

My tongue soon moved from behind her knee to the inside her thigh, and I shifted my knees further down the bed. When I reached the juncture of her thigh and her body, I was laid out on my stomach, and her legs fell on either side of me. Without hesitation, I lapped from the bottom of her slit to the top, drawing a gasp of pleasure and a thrust of Sarah's hips in response.

"Oh, God, yes!" she gasped. "I want you to make me cum!"

Smiling at her request, I settled into my task. Long strokes up and down each delectable lip of her pussy opened her even more, and when my tongue darted inside her to taste the sweet treasure within, she lifted her hips to help. Her fingers twined themselves snugly in my hair to keep me in position--not that I was going anywhere!

While my mouth was busy with the lovely 18-year old pussy in front of me, my hands slid up her belly to her equally lovely breasts. Cupping each one firmly, I alternated squeezing their fullness and pinching each nipple between my thumb and forefingers. 

My tongue, meanwhile, was starting to move with more purpose. As Sarah's body started to tremble, I used the tip of my tongue to trace a tight circle around and around her clit. Her hands left my hair and moved up to grab the pillow on each side of her head, and her back arched with increasing tension. Sliding my palms down across her belly, I let my left hand rest on her mound, caressing her soft curls there. My right hand I slipped between her legs, letting my fingers slide up and down the length of her slit as I worked tirelessly on her clitoris. I paused only for a moment to lick my thumb, then gently slipped it inside her.

The response was immediate! Sarah's hips rose off the bed and stayed there, forcing my tongue hard against her and my thumb deeper inside her.

"Oh, God yes! Fuck me just like that!" she commanded, her whole body quivering with lust.

With long strokes, I slid my thumb back and forth inside her, pausing at the deepest point of penetration to twist my hand as far as I could before pulling back out. My tongue, meanwhile began to flick gently on the very tip of her clit, each contact rewarded with a gasp and a slight push back upward.

Her thighs and back muscles began to spasm uncontrollably as her orgasm approached. When a muted crescendo of "yes...yes...yessss..." escaped her lips, I knew it was time to finish her off. I plunged my thumb all the way inside her and rocked it there, while my fingers slipped into the cleft of her buttocks and teased her most sensitive spots. I gave up licking her clit and sucked hard, humming happily at the approaching storm.

One final "YES!" was torn from deep inside Sarah's chest as she climaxed. Her pussy clamped down spasmodically on my thumb, and her back arched, jamming her even more tightly against the suction of my lips. For a long, long moment, she stayed there pulsing as wave after wave of pleasure washed through her body. Her legs locked behind my shoulders, and I stopped sucking but kept everything else the same, letting her stretch the feeling out as long as she could without becoming too sensitive.

As her body relaxed slowly back onto the sheets, Sarah let out a long groan of satisfaction. Her fingers grabbed either side of my head and tugged upward. After one final kiss on her mound, I followed her urging hands and moved up to lay beside her, my head on the pillow next to hers. Wordlessly, she stared into my eyes for a while. Then she kissed me, and we smiled at each other, wondering what would come next.