 Catching up on the story: Sarah was my favorite cashier at the gourmet market. The day she turned 18, however, things changed between us. That day, I left my wallet on the register. When she brought it to my house after work, things heated up quickly! See Chapter 1 for full details, but we were in the middle of a very enjoyable shower when I left off...

---------------

Her eyes bright with lust and her chest flushed red from her orgasm, Sarah was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. Her firm body was glowing with youth and health and pleasure, and she sat on the bench in my guest bathroom shower, eager for more. Holy shit! There was a nude 18-year old in my shower, reaching out to me, grabbing my cock with one hand and tugging me forward, using her other hand to cup my balls firmly but carefully. 

When her lips closed around the velvety head of my erection, my head rocked back and my eyes closed blissfully. The heat and suction were amazing, and I could feel her tongue lapping just at the junction of head and shaft. With a groan of pleasure, I grabbed the safety bar and the top of the door frame to steady myself. "Oh, my God, Sarah..." I moaned. "That feels so fucking good!" 

She looked up at me happily, her eyes smiling. Some small part of my brain was still thinking, and I made sure to keep the water from hitting her. As her saliva spread over my shaft, she began to stroke me gently while maintaining her suction and tongue action. I groaned again.

"I've been wondering how this would be," she said, continuing to stroke me while she spoke. "Even since I noticed you checking me out last year, I've wondered what it would be like to be with you like this."

"Well?" I asked, smiling back at her. 

She grinned. "I fucking love it!" she responded, then bowed her head and began sucking and stroking me in earnest. She couldn't take more than half of my cock in her mouth, but she was young and beautiful, and the friction of her hand, the heat and motion of her tongue, and the thrill of the situation all combined to bring me closer and closer to the edge of exploding.

When I started thrusting reflexively into her mouth, I was gentle. She kept up, though, and her free hand slipped around to my ass, urging me forward while her other hand protected her, keeping me from plunging too deeply into her throat. 

As my balls tightened and my climax rose inside me, I groaned, "Sarah...I'm going to cum..." urgently, not wanting to catch her off guard. The moan of pleasure deep in her throat gave me a jolt of added vibration that pushed me over the edge. As my back arched, she pulled her mouth off me and whipped her hands back around, stroking my full length with both, her fingers wrapped tightly together.

"Cum for me, Steve...cum all over my tits.." she said as she tugged on me. "Cum on my 18-year old tits, you dirty old man!"

That did it...I exploded. Spurt after spurt of cum streamed across the space between us in time to her stroking. "Ohhh...fuck!" burst from my lips as the pulsing orgasm gripped me.

"It's so hot!" she said wonderingly, looking down at her breasts. 

When my ejaculation ended, she gave me one last stroke, milking a lone drop to hang glistening at the end of my cock. With a wicked smile, Sarah leaned down and licked it off. My cock jumped at the contact, and she giggled again. Looking up, she smacked her lips and said, "That was delicious!" before letting me go. She leaned back against the tiled walls then and pushed her breasts together, admiring their glistening frosting.

Releasing my grip on the door (but not the safety bar!), I used my hand to stroke her head gratefully, putting into that caress the words I couldn't form at that moment.

When she looked up, there was a new expression on her face. It had elements of pleasure and lust, pride and wonder. "You came so much!" she said, looking directly into my eyes.

"You inspired me!" I replied with a laugh. "You did that...you're so sexy and beautiful and you made me cum so hard. It was incredible!"

The pleased look returned in full force, and I pulled her up into my arms. Our lips met then, and with the shower beating down on my back still, we kissed for a long, timeless moment. When we separated, I turned us sideways and the water ran between us. The warm spray rinsed the cum off Sarah's breasts, and I held her close as it trickled down the drain. Our kiss was soft and deep-the initial passion was spent, but the thrill of exploring a new partner remained.

Sarah's hands ran up and down my back as we kissed. Mine did the same to her, caressing the long muscles there, sliding over the curves of her hips and waist and buttocks. From knees to midriff, though, we were tight against each other, and we both felt my cock starting to harden as it lay against her stomach.

With a laugh, she broke our kiss, leaned back and glanced down. "Already?" she asked?

"Let's get dried off," I replied. With that, I grabbed two of the giant bath towels from the shelf beside the shower. Spreading one, I wrapped it around her shoulders. Unfolding the other, I knelt and dried her legs. She watched me wordlessly. When I stood in front of her again, she opened the towel and I gently dried her breasts, her stomach, and her light brown bush. Still without speaking, she turned away from me, moving the towel in front of her. I dried the backs of her thighs, her hips and ass, her sides, and then her back and shoulders. Taking the opportunity in front of me, I moved her hair aside and kissed her neck, causing her to shudder and lean back against me. 

With a little shake, she turned to face me again. "Thank you..." she said. "No one has ever done that. I liked it." With a deft twist, she tied the towel around her body. Reaching over, she grabbed a smaller towel and flipped it around her hair, forming a quick cute turban. 

Smiling gently, she tugged the towel out of my hands...it was my turn, apparently. With the soft folds of the towel, Sarah dried my back and shoulders, long strokes that make my skin tingle. Bending one knee, she dried down each leg and then rose and pressed herself against my back. Reaching around, she passed the towel over each of my arms, down my chest and stomach, and delicately around my crotch. Finished with her task, she wrapped the damp bath sheet around my waist and tucked the end in neatly. When she was done, she kissed my neck as I had done to her.

"I liked that, too," I murmured back to her.

"I'm glad you forgot your wallet," she said softly against my ear.

---------------