 I was 18 and bored. My father was having another one of his posh work gatherings and I was forced to not only attend, but have a huge smile planted on my face the whole time. The only plus to this was being able to have a few glasses of champagne which made those smiles slightly more genuine.

I was speaking with a woman who was enthusiastic about my future in the company, when I saw a man I hadn't seen before. He would have been in his early forties, and very handsome in my opinion. He was wearing a nice suit that hid any details of his body aside from its general structure, which was quite built. My eyes trained on him for a moment and I lost my words, until the woman prompted me.

'Sorry Madge, can you excuse me?' I said apologetically.

'Of course, love.' She replied kindly, I liked her most out of these snobs. Except perhaps the man across the room who continued to glance over at me in my tiny black cocktail dress and black stilettos.

I walked over to the punch bowl closest to him and maintained eye contact, until yet again it was broken, this time by my dad. 

'Sweetie, I need you to fill this bowl again, thanks.' And he was gone.

'Fuck.' I muttered under my breath and noticed that indeed, the punch bowl was near empty. I lifted the heavy glass bowl and finally managed to get it into a position where it wouldn't spill. I was clearly having a hard time, but no one even looked at me, let alone offered any help. I was halfway back to the kitchen before I heard a voice I'd never heard before, talking to me.

'Excuse me, Miss, could I help you with that?' Said the mysterious man from the rec room. I glanced up and smiled at him, about to refuse, but my arms were tired and if I didn't find a bench soon, the bowl was going to slip.

'Ah, actually yeah, that'd be great, thanks,' I handed him the bowl awkwardly, 'I'm Zoe, by the way, Frank's daughter.' Our hands touched momentarily and a little jolt of excitement ran through my legs.

'I'm Peter, nice to meet you, Zoe.' He grinned and stared at me for a moment, perhaps sensing my tension, or maybe he'd been told stories about me. 'I'm the company accountant, just started a few weeks ago, your father is a good man.'

I rolled my eyes and laughed, and he smiled humourously. We got to the kitchen and I filled the bowl with the pre-made ingredients. We made small talk, but I felt an urge inside me that I hoped he understood from the way my eyes drifted over him lustily, while making silly comments here and there. 

'I'll carry this back, don't you worry about it. But could you show me to the bathroom after? The bowl's kind of sticky.' He asked, without a hint of ulterior motive, which disappointed me.

'Of course, my hands are pretty sticky too. I'll wait here.' I replied coolly. The kitchen was empty and the path to the rec room and bathroom were clear too. No one would have seen us together, so I still might have a chance, I told myself.

He returned and I led him to the bathroom furthest from the rest of the party. He offered for me to go in first, but I insisted he go, as a guest of the house. He took very little time and I was afraid our time alone together was about to come to a close too soon.

I went inside the bathroom and left the door ajar. My pussy was so hot and tingly by now I couldn't bear to have it untouched for much longer. I agreed to myself that I would have to quickly masturbate in my room if I wasn't getting anything else. I had just finished rinsing and was grasping the hand towel, when I looked up to the mirror to see him standing behind me, the door already shut and locked behind him.

'Oh!' I gasped in fright, 'Woah, yo'- He clasped his hand over my lipsticked mouth and put a finger to his lips with the other. I got the message right away, 'shut up'. My heart raced a mile a minute and I stood wondering what would happen next. He took his hand away from my mouth and drew my hair away from my neck so softly it sent shivers down my spine. I closed my eyes and leaned my head the opposite direction. I felt his mouth breathing at my neck, then gently kissing. It was such an amazing sensation, my knees weakened and I had to keep myself from moaning out loud. 

He nibbled at my ear and I opened my eyes to look at him in the mirror. His expression was deadly, staring at me, piercing me with his eyes. I pulled one of my hands behind myself to touch him, he was already hard as rock, I squeezed his cock through his pants and sighed quietly. He reached up and massaged one of my breasts over my dress. His expert hands were like nothing else I'd ever had.

I turned my head to him and our lips locked frantically, he kissed me roughly and I held the back of his head, keeping us cemented together for as long as I could. He bit my bottom lip and let it slide out from his teeth, it was such a hot gesture I felt my pussy warming and soaking through my panties.

'Oh, Peter, fuck me..' I whimpered in his ear and seductively stared, biting my lip. He looked me in the eyes, then at our reflections groping each other in the mirror. His mouth was covered in my smeared lipstick and I already looked a disheveled mess, but he seemed to be impressed. He quickly shot both hands up my dress to my panties and ripped them down my legs, smoothing his hands up my thighs again to hold my dress up.

'What would your father think of this, hm?' He whispered in my ear, staring at my reflection, then biting my neck softly. His words only made me even damper and I replied as best I could,

'I don't care, I want you to fuck me. Hard.' I felt his hard cock pushing into my ass cheek, still sheathed by his pants. I was beyond frustrated now; I had become a writhing animal, wanting him to cover and pleasure every inch of my body. I wanted him to suck my nipples, play with my wet pussy and spank my ass, but we had to be quick and quiet if we didn't want to get caught.

My juices were already inching down my leg in anticipation. I felt him take one hand from my dress and heard his belt unbuckling, his zip, then the dropping of his pants. 

Suddenly there were voices outside the door. Two people talking. Oh God, no! My first thought was that they were waiting to get into the bathroom, but then I remembered my father's office was right next door to this bathroom. I recognized my father's voice and a co-worker of his named Craig. They were just chatting about normal work shit, but I was almost hysterical with panic. Peter covered my mouth again and then roughly slid his enormous cock inside me.

I doubled over the sink, barely holding myself up with my arms. The most intense ecstasy I'd ever felt was penetrating me and thrusting in and out. Hard and fast. I tried my best to keep quiet but a squeak escaped my lips, but it was quickly muffled by his hand. He gave me a stern look in the mirror and paused momentarily, but then resumed, pumping harder than before.

My slick pussy was being pounded in the bathroom, by my father's new co-worker, while he was in the next room, completely oblivious. I was in heaven, Peter was pulling me onto him harder and harder with each stroke. My spot was being ravaged over again and all I could do was hold onto the sink and take it. 

I looked at our reflections and what met my eyes was so insanely arousing, the welling of bliss building up in my cunt spilled over and rush after rush of orgasm spread through my legs and stomach, my pussy was beyond rapture and my cum covered Peter's glorious cock and dripped down my legs.

'Mmmmh! Mmmmhh!' my loud moans were muffled but still audible, he slapped my cheek quickly and I quieted, resuming breathing hard.

He had seen my reaction and felt my cunt walls tightening over his huge member, and he knew he could cum now. He slowed for a minute, listening to see if the voices were gone. They were.

Peter drew himself back, paused then slammed back inside me with full force, I let out a wail and he slammed into me again. I lifted my leg onto the counter, so he could gain more entry, which pleased him. In the mirror I could see him looking at my round little ass and he bit his lip, watching himself slide in and out.

'Oh fuck, here we go,' he groaned and I felt his cock swelling even more inside me, each thrust stretching me further. I waited until the very last pump and dropped onto my knees, twirling around to catching stream after stream of his salty, hot seed in my mouth. I locked my lips around the head, looking into his eyes and gave it a few little sucks to help him ride out his orgasm. Once I'd swallowed all of it, I licked the tip cheekily and stood up.

He smiled and wiped my lipstick off his face with the hand towel, then kissed my forehead. I winked at him and turned away, pulling my panties up and shifting my dress back into place. I freshened myself up and by the time I'd left the bathroom there wasn't a trace of our dirty little secret left.

I rejoined the party as though nothing had happened, and so had Peter. But I could still taste him in the back of my throat.