 When Adam was informed that his father’s boss Mr. Lelan and his family would be staying at their house for a couple of days, and that Adam was to be the attentive host to the Lelan’s 18 year-old daughter Alise, Adam groaned. He had met the elder Lelans before, and not only were they loud, overbearing and rude, but they were nothing to look at. Immediately, this dashed any hopes of this Alise being tolerable at all.

The day finally arrived, and Adam’s father and mother were scrambling around the house, making it look that “visitor perfect” that everyone always puts together when they’re having company. When the doorbell rang at 11:55 PM, Adam thought his father would have a heart attack. Fortunately, he made it to the door without a coronary, and the second he opened it, the Lelans were shouting this and that as Adam’s mother whispered to Adam to stand up straight.

It was then that Adam noticed there was no daughter with the two adults. A glimmer of hope emerged inside of him and he voluntarily stood up straight now. Maybe there’d be no babysitting, after all. But as is with almost all last-minute hope-raising occasions, this one came shattering down as Mr. Lelan opened his big fat mouth.

“Alise!” he screamed, turning to face the driveway of Adam’s house.

“Coming,” said a voice, although there was no face in sight.

A few seconds later, the hottest girl Adam had ever seen in his life stepped inside his door. He felt his jaw drop, but could do nothing to pull it back up.

“This is our daughter, Alise,” Mrs. Lelan said, pulling Alise by the arm to face Adam and his parents.

“Why, isn’t she beautiful?” Adam’s mother said as Alise smiled politely. Then it was her turn to yank her offspring forward. “This is our son, Adam.”

“Adam,” Adam’s dad interrupted. “Show Alise where she can put her luggage.”

Adam waved for Alise to follow him up the stairs. As he walked ahead of her, hearing the wheels of her luggage roll on the marble behind him, he tried to think of something clever or witty to say to her, but was drawing a complete blank. Defeated, he stepped into his room and turned to face her, saying nothing.

“Is this… is this your room?” Alise asked him, looking around at the various posters of basketball players and musicians.

“Yeah,” Adam said.

“Oh, I don’t have to run you out of your room,” Alise said, looking embarrassed.

“No, no, it’s not a problem at all,” he said. “The guest room up here is kind of a mess, so don’t worry about it.”

“Well, thanks,” she said, smiling sweetly at him.  Her hotness was about to set Adam on fire.

“I’ll, um… we can…” Adam stuttered as Alise looked at him expectantly.

Get it together, dumbass, he said to himself. Spit it out

“I’m going to a party in awhile, if you want to come,” he finally managed.

Alise smiled once again. “Oh, thanks for the invitation, but I’m really tired. Long flight,” she said. “I think I’ll just go to bed.”

“OK,” Adam said, disappointed. “I’ll leave you alone then.  Oh, and the bathroom is the next room over, there’s a door connected to it in here.”

“Great, thanks,” she said.

He stood there for a moment, unsure of what to say, but knowing he had to say something.

“Well… bye,” he blurted, and instantly hated himself.

“Bye,” she giggled.

Walking out into the hall and closing the door behind him, he cursed himself. He had a sudden wave of fatigue and decided maybe he would just stay in, too. It was already midnight and the parties he went to usually got broken up by the cops by 1 a.m. 

I’d just think of Alise the whole time I was there, anyway, he reasoned.

As he walked into the cluttered guest room, Adam realized he had forgotten his clothes in his room. He opened the door to the bathroom, the same one connected to his own room, and walked through it to get to the door that led to his room. Opening the door just a sliver and then realizing he should probably knock, Adam raised his fist to knock, but before he could he noticed Alise through the crack in the door, dressed in nothing but a silky black bra and panties. 

She was wandering around the room, checking it out.  Adam’s eyes widened as he saw Alise stop at his dresser and pick up a framed picture of Adam on the beach with a few of his friends. She touched the picture and then touched her right breast. It was too far for him to be able to tell who in the picture she was looking at, but he knew he had to see whatever was going to happen next. 

He stepped quietly into the bathtub next to the door and positioned himself so that he could see through the crack in the door.

Alise held the picture against her bare stomach and then let herself fall backwards on Adam’s bed. 

Adam felt his pants get tighter as Alise undid her bra and let her well-endowed breasts fall out of the restraint. Using her right hand to rub her breasts and her left hand to look at the picture, Alise let out a quiet moan and closed her eyes briefly. She laid the picture on her stomach again and played with her wavy brown hair and began exploring the rest of her body with her right hand. 

Once again, she picked up the picture and moaned as she used her finger to fondle one of the figures in the picture.  Now Adam was close enough to see the object of her fantasy—not his friend Jeremy, nor Steven, nor Rick, and not Stacey or Fernanda (though the latter two probably would have turned him on, as well)—it was his own picture!

Alise slid off her panties and began to finger herself with her right hand as she let her left hand explore her body once again. For a third time, she picked the picture up off her stomach and pressed it to her breasts. Adam was so shocked and turned on that he froze. Subconsciously something told him to burst into the room and see her reaction, but his body couldn’t move.

Then, Alise got up and moved towards the bathroom, and Adam returned to action. He didn’t want to be caught spying, so he got up and stripped off his clothes, trying to make it look like he was about to take a shower.

Alise, completely naked still, opened the door and found Adam standing in his boxers.

“Oh!” she yelled. She fumbled with the door handle as if trying to get out, but then fell back against the door and closed it.

“I didn’t know you were in here,” she said.

“It’s OK,” Adam said, and his dick became fully hard as he stared unabashedly at her breasts.

Alise smiled and lightened up, moving towards him now.

“Do you like what you see?” she asked him, although she already knew the answer.

She pressed her breasts against his bare chest as she used her fingers to trace his six-pack, down to his boxers, which she slid off slowly. Now his dick was pressed against her. She smiled and leaned into whisper into his ear.

“You are so sexy,” she said, biting his earlobe gently.

“You are, too,” Adam said, grabbing her hips, and pulling her with him into the bathtub. 

Alise turned on the shower and let the warm water rush over their bodies as they kissed deeply. Alise massaged Adam’s tongue with her own as he turned her body so that her back was against the wall of the shower. She played with his nipples as he licked her neck.

Finally, Adam stuck his dick inside of her tight, wet pussy and they both moaned quietly as the water continued to spray them. He pressed his body closer against her and thrusted hard every few seconds inside of her. 

She put his hands on his ass and let out a little cry every time he jammed his dick inside of her. He grunted with each thrust and put his hands on the wall on either side of Alise to maintain his stability. 

He continued at this slow, hard pace for a few minutes until Alise pushed his chest away from her, and Adam stumbled backward in the shower against the back wall. Alise jumped on his hard dick and wrapped her legs around his ass as he fucked her at a fast, steady pace. All the water was hitting Alise’s back now, and as the sharp stream of multiple holes in the faucet hit her, she felt Adam’s dick, stiff, long, and thick, pushing in and out of her pussy, and pulsating vigorously. She let out a cry.

“Oh, Adam,” she said. “Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!”

Adam continued to thrust at the same pace letting Alise’s feet brush against his ass and her hard nipples press against chest, just inches away from his own stiff nipples. It was building inside of him, he could tell he couldn’t last much longer, especially with the hot steam inside of the shower and Alise’s moans of pleasure. He finally ejaculated, grunting and sighing and moaning for what felt like the longest orgasm of his life. 

The whole time Alise called out his name again and again: “Oh, Adam, Adam, Adam, Adam…”

Alise lowered herself off Adam’s still mostly hard cock and placed her feet back on the floor of the bathtub. She kissed him softly, stepped out of the shower and dried herself. Heading back into Adam’s room, she turned to face Adam, still in the shower, and smiled at him with that great, sexy smile.

“Thanks for being such a great host,” she said.

“No problem,” he said, smiling now too. “No problem at all.”