 I hadn't expected to find myself back in the town that I had so recently called "home" while I was pursuing a master's degree, but after only two months of pounding the pavement, my job search landed me right back in the university town just a few blocks from campus. 'Great place to go to school and raise a family,' people said. Absent was any characterization of it being a great place for young professionals. But that's where my job search had taken me, so I was going to make the most of it. I was in my late 20's, single, athletic, and gainfully employed. The only thing missing was female companionship, so my antennae were up. 

It wasn't too long after I moved into my new apartment that I first saw Karen. I was sitting at the table eating breakfast and watching the news when she passed by the corner window of my apartment carrying her bicycle. Being an avid cyclist myself, her bike caught my eye. Being a red-blooded American male, her athletic figure also caught my eye. Tall (about 5' 10"), Karen was clothed in black spandex shorts highlighting her slender waist, muscular legs and firm butt. She had long, curly, black hair that cascaded over her shoulders and down her back, and wore a colorful spandex top that drew taut across her strong upper body. I leaned back in order to get a second glance at her, this time through the front window. All my initial observations were confirmed; I had found my "girl-next-door." I watched her ride down the hill, and when she disappeared from sight, I returned to the news and my breakfast, looking forward to the next morning. I readied for work and left a short while later. 

As I turned left into the office park after a 15-minute drive to work, I couldn't believe my luck when I saw, riding her bike 50 yards ahead of me, my beautiful breakfast distraction. Convinced this was more fate than coincidence, I decided that now was as good a time as any to introduce myself. I caught up to her about the time she was dismounting her bike near one of the buildings at the rear of the office park. 

"Excuse me...good morning," I said.

"Hi," she responded rather tersely and without a hint of a smile on her face.

Holding out my hand I said, "My name is Alex. I noticed you leaving your apartment this morning and see that you work in the same office park as I do, so I thought I would introduce myself." 

She just looked at me without saying a word. 'Good, now she thinks you're a stalker,' I thought to myself. "You see, I moved into an apartment in the building next door to yours last week...that's how I happened to see you as you were leaving this morning...and I just noticed you again as I was pulling in."

"Oh," she responded without emotion, "uh, my name's Karen." 

"Well Karen, I just thought I'd say hello. I'll let you get going so you can get to work. I should do the same. Have a good day. I'll see you around the apartment complex." 

"Okay," she said and waved as she walked away.

I climbed back in my car, shut the door and drove back down the driveway to my office building. Chalk that one up to experience, I thought to myself. Either I really needed to work on my interpersonal skills or she was one cold fish. Just to be a friendly neighbor, I taped a note to the door of her apartment building saying how nice it was to meet her and that I was sorry if I startled her. 

I saw her sitting on the front stoop of her apartment a few days later and decided to try one more time to engage her in some idle conversation on my way out to meet some friends. 

"Hi Karen. Nice night isn't it?" 

"Hey Alex. Beautiful. Thanks for your note. You didn't have to do that. You didn't startle me, I was just a little winded from riding to work that day."

"Good to hear. I didn't want you thinking that your new neighbor was a stalker." 

We talked for a while about anything and everything. Our work, educational backgrounds, hobbies. As we talked, I drank in everything I could about Karen. She was as beautiful as I thought she was the first time that I saw her.

It was late summer now and her steel blue eyes shone brightly against her lightly tanned skin. Her tank top revealed lean, strong arms. Her legs were long and slender and I followed them all the way up until they disappeared in the darkness of her denim skirt. If I didn't get out of there soon, I was going to have to either hide or explain the growing bulge in my khaki shorts. 

Realizing that I was already at least a half hour late meeting my friends, I asked Karen if she wanted to come along and join us for a drink. She thanked me, but said that she had plans for the night. Caught up in our conversation and her beauty, I asked her if she might like to go out sometime. She smiled and declined ever so nicely saying that she didn't think that her boyfriend would approve. My heart sank, but at least I had spoken my mind. I didn't push the situation, but instead walked toward town to meet my friends, wishing her a good evening.

* * * * *

I had started seeing someone in the weeks after Karen and I first met and talked, so I wasn't around my apartment as much as I had been, and my mind was elsewhere as well. I would see Karen in the parking lot from time to time and we always would wave or say hello to one another. 

It wasn't until the winter passed and the weather started to warm up that Karen and I had the occasion to talk again, usually when one or the other of us was either working on our bicycles or leaving for or returning from a ride. We would chat briefly about the weather, cycling, work, or whatever came to mind. I suggested one day that we go for a ride together, and that was our topic of conversation from that day forward. There wasn't one time that I saw her that I didn't marvel at her long, lithe body and her beautiful flowing hair. My feelings for this woman would not go away.

In August, my relationship came to an end. As a result I ended up spending a lot more time on my bike and a lot more time in my apartment than I had earlier in the summer. After having dinner with some friends one Friday evening, I arrived back at my apartment to find Karen sitting on her front porch playing her guitar. 

"Hey there neighbor," I said. 

"Hi Alex. Hot date with your girlfriend?" 

"No, that ended a few weeks ago. Besides, it wouldn't be that hot a date if I were arriving home alone at 9:00, now would it?"

"I guess you're right. Sorry to hear about your girlfriend."

"Thanks, but I'm not. Why aren't you out with Keith tonight?"

"Same story. That ended a few weeks ago. Hey, I wonder if they got together!" 

We both laughed and I quickly changed the subject. "Karen, what do you say that we finally go on that bike ride we've been talking about forever?" 

"Are you kidding? I never took you seriously before. There's no way I'll be able to keep up."

"Of course I'm serious and always have been. You're in great shape, and besides, we're not racing. My parents are coming to town for brunch tomorrow, so why don't we plan on tomorrow afternoon around 4:00 if that's works for your schedule."

"Sure, that's fine with me. I'll meet you out front at 4:00, but we can't go too far. I'm having dinner with my brothers tomorrow night." 

"So it's family day for both of us. Good enough. I'll see you tomorrow at 4:00."

Not wanting to overstay my welcome, I headed inside for the night. I was way too excited to sit in one place, so I ended up cleaning my apartment until midnight. I lay on my bed thinking finally, I was going to get the chance to spend some quality time with my gorgeous next-door neighbor, and better yet, neither of us was dating anyone anymore! 

My visit with my parents came and went that Saturday, and soon Karen and I were standing in front of our apartments ready to ride. Coincidentally, she was wearing the same cycling outfit that she had worn the first morning I saw her on her way to work. She looked fantastic. 

We headed out of town to the southwest. I let her take the lead to set a pace that was comfortable for her. My mind was so much on the ride and I was so used to riding with the guys in my cycling club, that I had forgotten the benefits of riding behind a beautiful and shapely woman. The spandex shorts that Karen was wearing left little to the imagination. The top of her shorts drew tightly around her narrow waist and stretched out to hug her relatively wide, but very sexy hips. Every hill would bring her out of her saddle, hips swinging back and forth, hamstrings tightening with every stroke, and her beautiful ass pointed directly at my face. That was it. I couldn't take it anymore. I had to pass her or I wasn't going to be able to concentrate to stay on the road. I passed her, settled into her pace, and let her draft off me for the remainder of the ride. 

We arrived back at the apartment complex after only about an hour and a half. We stood there talking for a few minutes, drinking the rest of our water and cooling down. As we chatted, I glanced down at the tool bag under my seat and noticed that half of my wrenches were poking out of a hole in the bag. 

"Well, that's a problem," I said. "Looks Like I'm going to have to spring for a new pouch."

"Nonsense," Karen said, "I have a sewing machine in my apartment and can patch that up in no time. I really have to run now though to meet my brothers for dinner, so call me when you get up tomorrow morning and I'll fix it for you."

"It's a deal," I said. "Thanks again for the ride. I had a great time."

Karen looked at me like I was full of crap. "Yeah, right. I was dying just trying to stay on your wheel."

"You know Karen, it's not just about the ride...," I said smiling at her.

"Call me in the morning," she said as she shyly smiled and wheeled her bike away.

I eyed her walking away, watching her Lycra-covered ass sway from side to side as she tip-toed back to her apartment on her bike shoes. She turned around just before entering her building to catch me staring, but just gave me that same shy, but alluring smile. I stood there staring at the door even after she was inside, and then shook myself back to reality and clamored up the stairs to my own apartment, bike in tow. 

I whipped up some pasta for dinner; replenishing my carb stores and carbo-loading for what I was hoping might be an eventful morning the next day. It was a beautiful evening, so I walked around downtown for a while, hoping that I might catch a glance of Karen out with her brothers. Finally, I headed home realizing that the only way morning was going to arrive any sooner was if I went to sleep. 

I woke the next morning with a huge erection, but figured that a full bladder wasn't the only reason. I couldn't remember any dreams, but I must have been dreaming about Karen. After relieving myself, I hopped in the shower to clean up, thinking about anything and everything I could other than Karen to get my still hard cock to mellow out...penguins, nuns, snow...but still found myself semi-erect as I toweled off. 

It was going to be a hot one, so I just threw on a t-shirt and a pair of medium-length hiking shorts. It was still early and I was planning on enjoying a leisurely Sunday morning, so I didn't bother with boxers. I ate some breakfast and caught up on the news, trying to give Karen until at least 9:00 before I called her. 

I failed. It was 8:35 when I picked up the phone and dialed her number. 

"Hello?" she said in quiet, but oh-so sexy voice.

"I'm sorry Karen. It sounds like I woke you up."

"No...no...I woke up around 8:00 and have just been lying here. Actually, I was just about to call you."

"Well, call me back when you're done with breakfast and want me to come over."

"I'm not much for breakfast, plus I had a huge dinner with my brothers last night, so why don't you come on over now?"

"Okay, great. I'll see you in a few."

"Okay," she replied and we both hung up.

I grabbed the tool pouch from under my bike saddle and then forced myself to sit down on my couch and wait a few minutes before heading over. I gave up after two minutes and headed for the door. 

I soon found myself in front of her door and taking a deep breath, knocked twice. The door opened and there stood Karen wearing a light blue cotton nightgown, her long curly hair cascading down over her shoulders, looking every bit like she just got out of bed...but that wasn't a bad thing. The nightgown hung loosely on her body, about mid-thigh in length, which if I didn't stop staring, was about where my cock was going to be within a minute. Karen was living up to every adorable girl-next-door fantasy I'd ever had.

"Hey there," I said. "You look comfortable."

"I am," she said. "C'mon in. I don't have room enough for a sewing room in this place, so my machine is in my bedroom. But promise to ignore the mess. I haven't made the bed yet."

"I promise," I said and followed her back to her bedroom. 

It was too early for the sun to be over on the west side of the building where her apartment was, but it was still warm in there, and the room was filled with the sweet scent of a woman. I sat down on the foot of her bed as she settled into her chair in front of the sewing machine and started working.

"You know Karen, I'm glad we've finally had the chance to spend some time together. It's been a long time since we first met that morning I saw you riding your bike to work."

"You mean stalked me don't you," she laughed.

"Hey!" I said, "you know better than that."

"I'm just giving you a hard time." Hard-on is more likely, I thought to myself. 

"I know...I know... Honestly though, I couldn't believe my luck of moving in next door to such a beautiful woman."

Karen smiled, focusing on her work, seeming to nervously ignore my compliment. 

"You must have known I was interested," I probed.

"Yes..." she replied.

"Have you ever thought any more about it, or am I just your cycling buddy?"

"I've thought about it," she replied, still focusing on her work.

"So have I...in fact I woke up thinking about it this morning." Ignoring me, she kept working.

"I'm sorry, I'm making you uncomfortable. I'll change the subject. So how long ago did you and Keith end it?"

"Oh, great topic Alex...jeez! I guess it was about six weeks ago."

"Do you miss him?" I asked.

"That's a stupid question, of course I do!"

I continued to push, finally getting to see some of the emotion and passion I knew Karen had bottled up inside her. 

"So what do you miss most -- the companionship, the sex, what?"

"What about you Alex, what do you miss the most...I suppose it's the sex, right?"

"Actually, no. Our sex life was pretty vanilla...not that a good vanilla isn't delicious mind you."

She laughed.

"Cathy was much more conservative than I expected she would be. No oral sex, either giving or receiving. And she never relaxed enough to let go and have an orgasm until just before we broke up. Anyway, she was great fun to spend time with and I loved her family, but I just needed something more."

"I understand. I think sex is an important part of a relationship. I miss Keith's companionship, but I also miss the sex. It's difficult for me to climax too, but Keith knew me pretty well," she said as she smiled.

"Sometimes I wish I could try out the sex before the relationship," I said, "you know, the dessert before the vegetables. Do you ever feel that way Karen?" 

No response.

"What do you say Karen, would you like to...have some dessert for breakfast?"

Karen looked up from her work. She wasn't offended. She just looked straight into my eyes as if to find out if I was serious, and then returned to her work. 

"I don't know Alex," she said as she pulled the tool pouch from her sewing machine and tossed it to me. 

"I'll be right back."

Karen got up without looking at me and walked toward the bathroom across the hall. As she walked away, I noticed a dark wet spot on her nightgown just below her ass. Clearly, she was entertaining some of the same thoughts as I was. 

She came out of the bathroom after a couple of minutes and leaned against the doorway to her bedroom, staring at me. "I have a question for you," she said. "Do you mind if we use a diaphragm? I hate condoms."

In my mind, I pictured myself with my jaw on the floor. "Ummm...sure...fine with me."

"Okay, great." A playful smile broke across her face and she bounced back into the bathroom, saying, "I'll be out in just a minute..."

I stood up and looked at myself in the mirror. Yup. Stunned. I just smiled at myself and ran my hands through my hair in disbelief. Never had anything like this happened to me before...okay...not since college at least.

I heard the bathroom door open a few moments later and turned my head to see Karen walk across the hall and back into the room. I slowly turned and took a couple of steps toward her, meeting her halfway between the doorway and the bed. The morning sun had begun to heat things up outside as the warm, still air hung heavy in the room. Nothing moved in the room as I stood inches from her, about to touch her for the first time. I could feel the sexual tension in the air between us and almost hear our hearts pounding in our chests.

She was still wearing her baby blue nightgown, her long, curly hair cascading down over her shoulders. The look on her face a wonderful mix of devilish grin, nerves, and lust. Looking into her eyes, I moved my hands forward slightly until only our fingertips were touching, and then slowly and lightly dragged my fingertips upward, brushing over her wrists for forearms. I could see her nipples harden through the fabric of her nightgown the second I touched her. Her eyes closed slightly and her lips opened, inhaling deeply, and then exhaling, an unintended whispering moan escaping as she did. 

I slid my right off her forearm and around her slim waist, resting my hand in the small of her back and pulling her toward me. Lightly touching her lips with mine, teasing her with my patience, I slid my tongue between them and felt the point of her tongue and circled it with my own. Holding her with my right hand, I slid my left off her forearm to her hip and the moved it up, following the wonderful curves of her body so obvious when she wore her cycling clothes. Reaching her breast with my left hand, I lightly brushed over her nipple with my thumb, teasing its hardness through the fabric. As I held her and caressed her nipple, I continued to kiss her, my lips lightly tugging at hers, tongue dancing with hers. She slipped her hands under my t-shirt and caressed my sides, pulling me to her. 

My head was swimming. Between the heat in the room and the heat we were generating, I felt like I had a fever. Even the feel of her soft cotton nightgown was enough to take my breath away. By this time, I was talking to myself, trying to keep my head. I had learned through the course of our conversations that Karen was 37. I was only 27 at the time, and determined to prove to this woman that I was mature enough to please her in a way that she deserved to be pleased. 

I pulled away from my kiss with her to look in her eyes and see how she was doing. They remained closed for a few seconds as she savored our kissed, then a smile begin to show on her face as she opened them slowly. She let her hands fall from me, inviting me with her body language to remove her nightgown. I slowly slid my hands down, following her shapely hips and beautiful legs to the hem and began to drag her nightgown slowly up her body, as she held her arms in the air for me to lift it over her head. Focusing on her nightgown, it wasn't until I had removed it that I got to see what I had only been able to imagine underneath her cycling clothes.

Standing before me was one of the most beautifully sculpted female forms I had ever seen in my life. Karen had perfect breasts for an athletic woman, probably 32b, and firm with small areola and pert little nipples a quarter of an inch in length. My eyes followed her body down...flat stomach, no more than a 28 inch waist, and yet probably 34 inch hips with prominent hip bones and a beautiful full, firm ass. As I looked at her, I brushed my fingers across her tummy and then dragged them slowly down over that sensitive area just inside her hipbones. She shuddered from my touch. 
