 I hope that the meandering style of writing in this entry doesn't hurt the story, but I really wanted to share this experience with all of you. 

I met Celeste a few years ago. I travelled quite a bit for work and often found myself in unfamiliar towns and cities. Such is the life of an advertising account manager I suppose. It was fun for the first several months eating out, partying in various clubs and bars, taking random hotties back to the hotel room for some fun, charging room service to my boss, etc.; but after a while, it got tedious. I began to dread packing for another business trip. I stopped inquiring about the exercise facilities, I stopped wanting to try new restaurants, and I stopped hanging out at clubs and bars. Most of the girls I ended up taking back couldn't hold an intelligent conversation on the best of days, some of them ended up spending more time in the washroom 'sobering up' than with me, and most of the ones that were worth revisiting wanted something more than just a casual fling. It just got tired.

But more than that, it got lonely. Reading books and bringing movies lasts only for so long. Eating by yourself and drinking by yourself gets old. Fast. Fucking random bimbos stopped being fun. I'll take prospective clients out and wine them and dine them, but they don't keep you company everyday; and half of them have families to go home to after dinner, so it's not like they're going to go partying or even drinking afterwards and taking them out became a chore. I got pretty depressed.

On one particular trip, I was bored stiff. I was in Dallas and I just didn't want to be alone. I didn't feel like going out and trying my luck to land some pussy either, so I went down and spoke with Jeff the concierge. I'd stayed at this hotel a few times before, and Jeff was always good with letting me know which parties were hot in town. We spoke for a little while, and he told me not to worry. He was going to take care of me. Following his instructions, I went back to my room and waited for what was to come. After a few minutes, Jeff called me and told me that he'd found a solution.

About a half hour later, I got a knock on the door. I opened the door to find a stunning brunette with a short bob beaming at me emphatically. 

"Renard?" She said. "I'm Celeste. You ready to go?"

Standing at about 5'5", this slender, leggy brunette wasn't shy. A dimple on her cheek when she smiled, she had eyes that just lit up. She was dressed in a black, knee length pencil skirt, with pumps that accentuated the curves of her legs and ass. She had a light blouse on with a plunging neckline. She wore a simple pendant that dropped down into her softly rising cleavage. Classy and hot. Nice. I couldn't tell at that point, but apparently she was in between a 34 B and C.

I smiled, shrugged my shoulders, and grabbed my wallet and keys to go. As we entered the elevator, she kissed my cheek and gave my arm a squeeze. I turned to look at her and found her grinning enthusiastically. Jeff mouthed the words, "have fun" as we passed the concierge booth. I couldn't help but grin back at him to thank him.

We went to a local restaurant, nothing fancy but not a dive either. We had dinner and the conversation was great. She was intelligent and witty, and apparently just finished college at a reputable college. We drank, we laughed, and although I knew this was on the clock, I didn't care. Her company was fantastic and I'd not had this good a time in months. As we finished off dessert, I asked her if she had anything in mind. She grinned and winked at me and told me to relax and leave everything to her. I couldn't help myself. I raised an eyebrow and asked her how much everything was going to cost me. She told me that Jeff was a good friend of hers, and that he told her of my predicament. She told me that she was only in the industry to help pay for tuition and now that she'd graduated, she really wasn't taking any new clients. She was doing this as a favor because she felt for my situation so she was charging me $800 for the entire evening.

I'd never paid for sex before and this was all new to me, but I trusted Jeff, so I shrugged my shoulders and agreed. Without telling me where we were going, she gave me an address and instructed me to drive. After following her lefts and rights and keep left here and keep right there, we ended up at the address she had specified. Baby Dolls. A strip club. I stifled a groan and looked at Celeste. She winked at me and told me not to worry and to leave everything to her.

We walked in the club and everyone knew her. They led us behind the stage to a booth for a little bit of privacy. As the evening progressed, I realized that this was the lap dance area of the club. The waitresses brought over drinks that were on the house, and Strippers came and joined us after lap dances, rubbing their bodies in my face and telling me how lucky I was that Celeste was showing me around. Apparently, over the years, Celeste had brought them quite a few big customers and while she's left the 'entertainment' business, these whales still come and spend big dollars.

So anyway, it was nearing midnight, we were both slightly inebriated, and I must admit, I'd had a very good time. Who wouldn't? I was given the VIP treatment by some of the hottest strippers in town! For free! Anyway, there was no way I could drive at this point. The manager of Baby Dolls arranged for a limo to pick us up and instructed me to leave the keys with them. They would have someone drive behind us and drop the car off back at the hotel.

Sorry everyone, I've spent all this time telling you this story and haven't gotten to the good stuff yet. I promise I'll get there soon enough. Both of us were quite tired after so we took a quick shower and crawled into bed. She crawled into my arms, kissed my earlobe, and whispered a very sweet 'goodnight' into my ear. For the first time in months, I fell into a deep slumber with a smile on my face.

The morning light shone brightly thru a slit in the curtains. I woke to a warm wet, wonderful set of lips around my cock. I looked down to see Celeste eagerly sucking and licking my raging hard cock. Her lips wrapped tightly around my shaft, her cheeks sucked in as she pumped her fist up and down to meet the up and down motion of her lips. She looked up at me smiling, her eyes twinkling, knowing that I was in euphoric pleasure. She smiled seductively up at me asking rhetorically, "You like that? I know you like it" before sucking my cock deep again into her mouth. I felt my cock hit the back of her throat, and still she sucked me deeper, swallowing my cock down her throat. I let out a satisfied groan as her lips let go of my swollen member. 

A line of wet saliva connecting her lips to the tip of my cock. She let her tongue hang, letting more saliva travel down the line to my cock, lubricating my cockhead with her spit. She pumped my cock in her fist and sucked my balls into her mouth, swirling each one with her tongue, back and forth as her hands deftly worked on my cock. She then reached over the bed, and popped something in her mouth. Back again she devoured my engorged cock in her now ICY cold mouth! When did she get ice?! My body shuddered and pulsated as the ice melted in her mouth around my cock. Celeste did her best to slurp up all the melted ice water, but I could feel the water and the saliva dripping down my shaft, drenching my balls, my asscrack, leaving a wet spot on the hotel bedsheets. Celeste swallowed as much as she could before climbing back up my body, resting her head next to my ear. "Sorry for waking you Renard, I woke up so horny, my cunt was drenched, and your cock was poking into my back." She giggled.

I replied, "Oh really," Grinning mischievously, I quickly slid my hand down between her legs. She parted her legs for me, welcoming me to her hot wet pussy.

She was right. Her pussy was dripping with cunt juice. I know that it's against conventional wisdom to go down on a hooker, but I couldn't help myself. I wanted to taste her. I wanted to suck her dripping cunt juice into my mouth. I couldn't resist. I quickly repositioned myself between her legs. She spread her legs wider to accommodate. I dove down ravenously, licking her slit from bottom to top. My tongue flat so I could suck up as much as her juices as possible. Just as I guessed, she tasted fantastic. Eagerly, I sucked her clit into my mouth, flicking her clit with my tongue as her whimpering got louder and her breathing got shorter. As her moans started to fill the room, I thrust two fingers up into her dripping cunt. The sudden invasion of my fingers caused her to suck in a scream. I pounded her pussy with my fingers while my tongue continued to flick and roll around her clit. Celeste's moans became euphoric screams. She grabbed a pillow and screamed into it as her hips bucked against my thrusting fingers. Her body tensed up and started to shudder as she let out a long screech from her throat, the pillow between her teeth barely muffling the visceral orgasm.

As her orgasm subsided, she released the pillow from her clenched teeth. She panted hard, groping at me, pulling me up to her. I climbed back up her body to kiss her. Our lips locked hotly, passionate and erotic. She pulled my hair back breaking our kiss. "You paid for a whore. Now fuck me like one". I couldn't help but grin at this new slutty side of her. I positioned my cockhead between her pussy lips, sliding my cock up and down, gathering more of that delicious cunt juice onto my cock. Sliding it up and down slowly, teasing her. Teasing me. She reached down and grabbed my asscheeks, trying to pull me into her. I held my hips away, teasing her some more. "Please," She whimpered. "I need your cock".

With a long single thrust, I impaled my throbbing cock deep into her pleading cunt. I couldn't believe how tight she was, her pussy walls wrapping around my cock tightly like a tight glove. My cock deep inside that fantastic cunt, I allowed myself to fully appreciate the position I was in for the first time that morning.

Celeste's eyes were closed. She had a satisfied smile on her face, contented now that she had a fat cock inside that sweet cunt. Her eyes fluttered open to find me watching her. "Fuck me," She mouthed playfully. Slowly, I inched my cock out of her. I kept my eyes locked on hers as I pulled my cock out slowly, leaving just the tip of my cockhead inside of her. My cock twitched at being in open air again and I plunged the length of my cock deep into her again. She let out a stifled whimper as my cock disappeared into her. I brought up her legs over my shoulders, the back of her knees resting on my shoulders and plunged deeper into her. Again and again, I plunged my cock into her with slow deliberate thrusts; pushing my cock deeper and deeper into her. I started to pick up some speed, fucking Celeste faster. Her whimpers turned to moans. "Yes! Fuck! Fuck the shit out of that little pussy!" Her moans become more audible, getting louder.

After another minute or so of this deep deliberate thrusting, I sat back and pulled her up so that she was straddling me. I leaned back, resting on my arms and watched her go to work. It was unbelievable the way her hips moved, gyrating and grinding, her pussy muscles clenching now and again for added effect. She gently pushed me back, both hands at the top of my chest; they rested close together near my collarbone as she continued to buck her hips into mine. She moved up on me, lifting her hips, her pussy sliding up and down my shaft. She started to ride me, and I thrust my hips up to meet her, driving my cock deeper and deeper into that perfect cunt.

She sat up, grinding her pussy hard onto my cock and whimpered before leaning back, her exposed clit calling out to me. I reached down to place my thumb there and started to rub her deliciously sensitive clit. Celeste's approving moan was instantaneous. I watched her, my head slightly propped up by my pillow, her body glistening with sweat from riding me. Her chest was heaving, her tits rising and falling with her shortened breath. Her moans getting louder, a steady crescendo in her surge to another orgasm. Moans became inaudible utterances of half spoken dirty talk. The closer she came to another screaming orgasm, the less the words that came out of her mouth made sense. From "Fuck me Harder!" to "Fu- fu- fu- ", to just a silent scream as her body shuddered and erupted into another earth shattering orgasm. Her pussy walls pulsating around my cock as she came.

Her body spent, Celeste draped her body over me. I could feel her heart racing, both our bodies glistening with passionate sweat. I wiped the moisture from her face and grinned. "Are you ready for more?" I asked, rolling her off my body, telling her to bend over onto her knees. She complied enthusiastically although her body was spent. She got on her knees, her ass facing me and placed a pillow to support her head. I slid my cock back into Celeste's sweet cunt. It went in so smoothly and easily, her pussy walls drenched in her juices. Quickly, I started a rhythmic swaying with my hips, steadily fucking Celeste's pussy with my cock but Celeste wouldn't have it. She pushed her ass back impatiently. I complied with a grin, pulling my cock out of her pussy before slamming it all the way deep into her cunt with a grunt. I pumped my cock in and out of her. Celeste grabbed the pillow and started to squeal into it. I traced my thumb down her spine from her neck down to her spine, before turning and pushing my thumb down the middle of her ass crack; sliding my thumb down between her cheeks, finding her pink little asshole. I started to rub on her backdoor as my cock continued to pummel her cunt.

Celeste started to pant "Put it in put it in," her voice muffled thru the pillow. I stopped fucking her for a moment, easing my thumb into her asshole. She let out a long satisfied groan. My thumb inched its way into her ass as Celeste eased herself back to help me. With my thumb deep in Celeste's bottom, I started to fuck her again. No buildup, no incremental increases in speed, just sheer animal lust; pummeling Celeste's cunt over and over again, my thumb buried to the knuckle in her ass, pushing her with each thrust, driving her deeper into the pillow. Again, she started screaming incoherent profanities. Her ass and pussy muscles clenched like a vice around my thumb and cock. I wasn't going to be able to keep going any longer. My balls were starting to twitch, and Celeste could feel my already engorged cock get that much harder still. "Please," She pleaded. "Cum in me. Cum in my fucking pussy you bastard. Cum in your whore." Over and over again. That was all I could take. I plowed into Celeste and my cock erupted. Her body flat on her tummy, my body near flat on her with my cum spurting into her; spurt after spurt after spurt. I came so hard, my body shook and still I spurted some more. Out of breath and completely spent, I gulped back some air and reluctantly pulled out of her warm cum filled cunt. I rolled off of her and laid flat on my back.

Celeste curled up around my thighs and gently sucked me dry. She looked up at me and smiled sweetly. "Thank you baby," and went back to sucking my sapped cock.

Ever since then, I've looked forward to my trips to Dallas. While Celeste is no longer on the market as a call girl, she still has one client she looks forward to. I'm thinking that I might fly her out to other stops I make sometimes. Who knows, the rate it's going, I might keep my favorite hooker.