 My Feather Girl 04 - In a Perfect Setting

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction.

All sexually active characters are above the age of consent on their planet of origin.

Many thanks go to RF-Fast and thor_pf for editing and polishing. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style... and a strong reliance on spell check.

Copyright (c) 2018 by Acup

A word of warning, I write good stories, I hope, with some decent sex in them. If you're looking for a stroker look somewhere else. 

The disclaimers have been moved to the end of the story for my ADD readers.

This is the story of a young woman who has been keeping company with a rather pathetic guy who has succeeded in warping her sense of what a 'normal' relationship and sex should be. It's about her finding an average young man and her learning that what she thought she knew really isn't so, then slowly working through to what should be a normal relationship and coming to terms with it. Finally coming to be a lovely woman who doesn't hide her body and eventually begins to enjoy and even revel in being looked at. 

___

Mmmmmmmm, now this is the life! I woke to lips on my cock firming up between them. I reached over and stroked her back as she enjoyed herself. Reaching back I cupped her ass and made certain to bump her plug as I firmed up.

Betty leaned forward and nudged the tip of my cock into her throat a bit before pulling off and turning to me with a grin. "You about ready to put this bad boy in my ass?"

"Seriously?"

"Told you, your next load was going in my ass in the morning. I'm going to be walking around with an ass full aaallllll night."

I let my fingers drop from her plug and slide between her wet lips, giving absolutely no resistance as wet as she was. "I think we can do that..." I tried not to grin... it didn't work.

Betty leaned forward and pressed me to the back of her mouth again, then came off me with a 'pop' and a grin, "thought so!"

Betty hopped up and headed for the bathroom, no admonishment to leave her alone this time. And this time I KNEW what the noises and groans were.

I heard the first gasp and soft moan and I was hard. The water turning back on and an even louder groan and I was aching. When I heard the water turn on a third time I couldn't take it. I stepped slowly to the door, SLOWLY turned the knob and opened it a crack.

SON OF A MOTHER FUCKING BITCH!

How I managed not to cum all over the wall I'll never know. I saw Betty bent over a little moving her little wand in and out of her ass as she cupped her belly. Watching her lean forward a bit more as her belly expanded, her eyes closed, the blissful look on her face, the soft moan as her belly expanded even more until she looked several months pregnant.

Would Hank ever do this? Would he ever clean me for him to use, to take? Or would he think me a freak for enjoying an enema. Feeling my belly expand like I'm pregnant. Feeling that nozzle spraying warm water inside me wishing it was Hank's big dick filling me with his cum...

As Betty stepped back to the stool, I beat a hasty retreat back to the edge of the bed. Betty came out and snickered at me sitting there, my hard aching cock sticking straight up betraying any attempt to hide my desire for her.

Betty stepped to me and kneeled in front of me handing her big plug back to me. She wrapped her hand around me slowly stroking me as she reached for the lube. "Oh yea, I can see I'll really have to do some convincing to talk you into stuffing this bad boy deep in my ass."

"Fuckkkkkk..." I hissed as Betty ran her hand up and down my cock. Dribbling some lube on the tip and then grinning and biting her bottom lip as she worked it up and down until she was thoroughly satisfied with her work.

Betty's grin was probably as bad as mine as she stood up taking the plug back and spread the towel on the corner of the bed and leaned forward on it beside me. Looking over her shoulder she growled back at me, "Give me all you got."

I managed to stand without cumming all over her ass, then she set her big plug up on her cheek. "Wrong plug," I told her.

"Nope," she giggled into the bed as she reached back and spread her ass with her other hand.

I gripped her ass, my fingers on top of hers, the plug between both our fingers. "Fuuuuucccckkkk..." We groaned in unison as I nestled my cock in the wrinkles around her rosebud centering me to drive into her.

I nudged her ass a few times, then popped the head in just barely.

"OHHHH GOOODDDD..." Betty groaned as she pulled her other hand from under mine and back to spread her other cheek.

I took my hand off of hers to let her get a better grip pulling her cheeks open. I moved mine to her shoulders pushing her into the bed a bit and sinking about half way into her ass. "fuck meeee..." She continued as I sunk in fully.

SO FULL! So god damn fucking full of Hank's luscious dick! 

"Not going to last," I said into her ear as I lay down on her back trapping her arms and hands beneath me as I pulled myself that last little bit into her ass.

Betty rolled her ass up trying to get even more of me in her, then clenched down on me. "Empty those fucking balls!"

I lay forward on her back and hooked my hands under her arms holding onto her shoulders and nipped her ear lobe as I pulled back a bit and then DROVE right back in, over and over and over. The cave man was taking over as my woman ASKED to get her ass fucked and filled.

Feeling Betty cumming and screaming and squirting under me hit my eject button only moments before I unloaded into her ass. The cave man fog had overtaken me as I fucked her and fucked her and...

Mmmmmmmm, can it get any better? Hank passed out lying on top of me after FILLING my ass! His weight flattening me to the bed, his hands still hooked under my shoulders. HIS GLORIOUS DICK STILL EMBEDDED DEEP IN MY ASS!! Even soft he still fills me. Even passed out I can still feel his dick twitching, giving me every last drop he has. Mmmmmm, shifting what little I can under Hank to feel his load move in me, squeezing that last bit from his dick as he begins to slip from me.

I came to still lying on Betty as my limp cock was slipping from her ass. I had barely enough energy to roll off of her... that's it.

I saw some movement out of the corner of my eye. I turned enough to see Betty trying to push the plug in her ass. "Need... some... help."

I managed to reach over and put my hand over hers to help her push the plug in her ass, making her quiver, then stiffen and groan.

SLUUUUTTTT, no matter what Hank does he makes me cum.

We lay there a bit, a few grunts and groans in trying to move. Betty finally succeeded in rolling over against me. I managed to tip my arm forward enough to be able to play with her soft nipple. "You know we're going to need another shower..."

"I'll race you," Betty responded giggling.

We lay there a bit, the only sound was our breathing.

There was the sound of a bunch of laughing women in the hallway and we looked at each other grinning and managing to sit up. I grinned even more from the face Betty made as she rolled up on the plug in her ass, gasping and then grinning even more.

"You sure you don't want me to put the little one in?"

No! What I really want is for you to put your dick back in and fill me again, and again, and...

"No, I'm good."

We began to come alive with the warm water, Betty being ornery leaning back against the wall and lifting her legs in front of me to shave them, then making even more of a production of shaving the little bit of stubble from her lovely mound.

Taking pure delight at my looking at her, and looking at her, and looking at her. Doing up her hair while watching me in the mirror when she caught me looking at the jeweled plug in her ass keeping her cheeks spread. Putting on the slightest bit of makeup and chuckling at me almost falling over trying to put my pants on when she brushed her nipples with her makeup brush causing herself to groan.

I was about ready to bend her over again when she tossed her yellow halter dress up and let it slip down her body. "Being a bit daring tonight?" I asked as I watched her get the skirt part just right around her waist. Hanging high on her hips with no support from the halter after her and Linda's alterations. I really was hoping to watch her get herself settled in the halter, but since the girls had made their alterations to it, that was not only unnecessary, but impossible the way it hung nice and loose.

"You like this one since we modified it?" she asked as she slid her fingers down the neckline and then outside of her tits pulling it open leaving them bare as she reached down and pulled the Velcro on her skirt. "Just a little?" as she lifted the front baring her freshly shaved pussy.

I didn't know where to look. "You're going to get scolded at work tonight."

Betty dropped the front of her skirt and turned around and lifted the back. I stared at her cheeks being almost forcibly spread by that big jewel attached to a big plug in her ass. "Do you mind?"

I reached forward and ran my finger between her wet lips and up over that jewel giving it a little bump, "No fucking way..."

Betty slipped her white jacket on and we headed for work after getting a meal to go from the restaurant. And of course the drive to work was best done with her jacket and top pulled outside her tits and her skirt flipped up.

It was a good thing I had to sit to eat, it would have been rather obscene trying to stand and eat with the hard on Betty had given me.

We managed to down our breakfasts and head for the floor. Naturally Betty felt it necessary to turn and drag her tits across my arm as she did.

Mmmmm, I can feel the eyes on my legs, even a few on my boobs when my jacket parts.

Making the rounds in the high roller area, I stopped to chat with Randolph and Madeline again. I looked at Madeline when Randolph rested his hand on my ass while we were talking, Madeline had a twinkle in her eye grinning so she knew what he was doing.

Well hell then, I leaned forward a bit more and turned giving him a quick peek down my halter making him hesitate just a bit, getting a snort from Madeline. Serves him right thinking he was going to get the better of me.

I was thoroughly enjoying the night, flitting back and forth amongst the high rollers in the slots, even swinging by the tables to lean against a few of the guys and tease them a bit, all in an effort to get them back to the slots. Catching the little hesitation in the guys voices when they got a peek down my top! Imagine, them hesitating at the sight of my little boobs!

Janice, the high roller pit boss, was just snickering at what I was doing. She did give me a bit of an eye with how short my skirt was, but with Hanks load and the big plug in my ass I really didn't care tonight.

I took my jacket off when I was doing paper work at the change bank for a bit, giving Randolph a bit of a tease. Bare back, and I would bet even a bit of side boob if my angles were right. I had just slipped my jacket back on when Claudia dropped a note in front of me. 'Aida is on the hunt for you.'

Great! Now what does she want to complain about?

Randolph was trying to get my attention so I went over, enjoying his looking at my legs and trying not to.

"What can I do for you Randolph?"

"Well many things come to mind," he said putting his hand on my waist. Madeline coughed behind him. "But if you could flag down Chanelle to refresh our drinks that would be lovely," he said as he let his hand slide lower on my hip.

I almost chuckled, yeah, Chanelle. BIG chested Chanelle. I was going to respond when Aida came up beside us.

"Betty, I need to speak to you for a moment," glancing down at my legs and short skirt.

I turned back to Randolph and Madeline and saw him wink at me.

"Aida," Randolph said. "Where did you find such a lovely and talented woman to work with us?"

"I... Uh..."

"Now don't take me wrong, you have such a wonderful group working here. But finding a jewel like Betty that knows just how to dress is amazing." He said as he gave my hip the slightest squeeze.

I almost choked listening to him. Making me clench on the plug in my ass and the head spreading my cheeks. That in turn making my pussy tingle.

"A young woman that doesn't dress like an old school marm is a delightful change."

Aida was dressed in a long skirt and high collar. The most skin she was showing was her arms and then only to her elbows. I was probably bug eyed from the expression on Madeline's face.

"And remember what I said Betty," Madeline jumped in. "If you can't find a nice gown for New Years Eve I know my daughter has several that would look lovely on you," as she gathered her skirt up a bit letting plenty of leg show.

I heard some kind of noise from Aida.

Well what the hell! "I may take you up on that. All I have down here right now is some of these plain old dresses. All my nice stuff is up in storage."

"Well, take a look at what you brought like you said. We can grab a bite one of these next few days if you need to take a look at Roberta's gowns. There are several she's outgrown and I was going to donate them. They might as well get put to good use"

"We'll run over to our storage place down here tomorrow and I'll let you know. I think I packed a few, but with all the hub bub in moving I'm not sure if that box is here or up north."

"Well we'll be in the next few nights so let me know."

"Most certainly. Now I'm going to have to excuse myself or our other customers are going to think I've abandoned them." I turned to Aida and Randolph left his hand right where it was so he cupped my cheek instead of my hip before I stepped away. That is after I took a slight step back pressing into his hand momentarily.

As we stepped away, a couple of others were trying to get my attention. "What did you need Aida?"

"Oh I was just checking to see if you had your break," she stuttered out. Definitely NOT what she was going to talk to me about. Hopefully Randolph's little speech took some of the bite out of the bitch. "Yep, all set." I looked over at a customer wanting my attention. "Gotta go, thanks for checking."

I was making my way around the floor, still catching myself at the sudden change from up north. A HEAT WAVE between Christmas and New Years?!! If I thought the dresses and skirts were HOT before, what little bit they could have been shortened, thinned, or neck lines lowered, they had been.

Panty and nipple flashes were almost becoming the norm. And the panytless flashes were making me ache for Betty and I had just filled her a few hours ago!

I would walk past the high roller area, Betty catching me looking at her and she'd wiggle her ass or start shaking her shoulders if she saw me looking. As it was getting closer to break time I made my way into the high roller area, coming up behind Betty putting my hand on her bare back as she was talking to an older couple. Her jacket hung on the stool at the change bank a few feet away.

"Hey babe, getting close to break time."

The older gentleman raised his eyebrow and looked at the two of us.

Betty giggled as his beautiful companion said, "Randolph, get your mind out of the gutter."

"Too late," Betty snickered. "Randolph, Madeline. I'd like to introduce you to my fiancé, Hank Morrison. Hank, this is Randolph and Madeline." Betty turned to me a bit with the last part and I almost choked at the vision of her in her halter top.

Since her jacket was hanging on the chair, she had clipped her gaming badge to the left side of her halter up near her shoulder. While it wasn't that heavy, neither was her halter top. The little bit of off sided weight had the wonderful effect of snugging the material just slightly on her right giving her soft nipple just enough chance to poke through, and let the left side billow open enough to give me a clear view of her soft, pillowy, delicious, nipple!

I heard a chuckle and turned to see Randolph and Madeline snickering at me. "How do you manage to keep your hands off such a beautiful woman Hank?" he asked as I noticed him slipping his fingers just a little into the slit of Madeline's dress.

I looked between his hand slipping into her dress and Betty's halter billowing open a bit as well, most of her tit, and even a bit of areole showing.

I let my hand slip around Betty's waist a bit more letting my fingertips slip just under the edge of her halter at the edge of the swell of her tit. "Just barely, and then only because I like my job."

Hank would do me IN PUBLIC! Show the world I'm his!

"Mmmmmmm," he chuckled. "Good thing I don't have to worry about that, huh?"

I watched his had slide further into her dress, him looking at Betty's mostly exposed tit while I looked at Madeline's, feeling Betty shudder against me.

Madeline's legs spread slightly and she turned and leaned forward a bit fully exposing her tit to us as his fingers found their mark. Her hand shooting out to brace against the back of his chair and her little moan the only outward clue Randolph's had found her clit.

That moan had a nice secondary reaction, Betty backing up fully against my hard cock and letting a little sigh of her own out.

We stood there watching them as Randolph played with his wife in the middle of the high roller area. Not a word said, but little gasps from Madeline as his fingers played with abandon under her dress. More little gasps and moans and a few not so little from her showing she was getting close.

I was almost ready to slip my hand up under Betty's halter when Madeline let out a low hiss and gripped the chair until her knuckles turned white.

If Hank touches me I'm going to scream and cum!

Randolph brought his wet fingers from under her dress to his lips and took a quick lick. "Aren't women the most delicious creatures?" then proceeded to lick his fingers like he had just finished the most messiest chicken dinner.

I took a chance and gave the top of Betty's shoulder a quick kiss, "Delectable from head to toe."

OH GOD! Now all I can picture is Hank eating my puss and my juices all over his face!

I got a nice little groan from Betty as Madeline was making her way to her feet bracing herself between the chairs. "Is there a restroom or something nearby?" she said a bit shaky.

"Here, let me show you." Betty said as she put an arm around Madeline's waist. "There is an unmarked restroom for this section just around the corner."

Randolph finished licking his fingers and turned back to the slot machine like nothing had happened. I headed back to the dollar slots on a call, just slightly behind the girls. The bare backs of both and the nicest hint of wild pussy in the air making me smile. Madeline's halter knot was hidden by her hair and the LOW cut back looked delicious. I wonder if I could get Betty to wear one cut that low? Betty's dress was cut well below her waist, but I could almost make out the crack of Madeline's ass for as low as it was.

"Are you okay?" I asked Madeline as we made it into the private restroom.

Madeline snickered, "Mmmmm Hmmmm. Randy KNOWS what getting me off like that does," as she leaned against the sink for support.

I had to grin, "So this isn't the first time..."

She smiled at me in the mirror, "Oh heavens no. But he gets inspired from time to time." She grinned and looked down at my bare cleavage.

"Um, sorry, I didn't mean to..."

Madeline shook her head still smiling, "I'm not. He's going to be wound up all night taking peeks at your boobs. He tries teasing with some of the waitresses, and Chanelle hanging her beauties in his face gets him hard in a flash."
