 My Feather Girl Ch. 05a -- For the world to see.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction.

All sexually active characters are above the age of consent on their planet of origin.

Many thanks go to RF-Fast and thor_pf for editing and polishing. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style... and a strong reliance on spell check.

Copyright (c) 2018 by Acup

A word of warning, I write good stories, I hope, with some decent sex in them. If you're looking for a stroker look somewhere else. 

The disclaimers have been moved to the end of the story for my ADD readers.

This is the story of a young woman who has been keeping company with a rather pathetic guy who has succeeded in warping her sense of what a 'normal' relationship and sex should be. It's about her finding an average young man and her learning that what she thought she knew really isn't so, then slowly working through to what should be a normal relationship and coming to terms with it. Finally coming to be a lovely woman who doesn't hide her body and eventually begins to enjoy and even revel in being looked at. 

___

Chester and I had been working outside taking care of the little things that needed doing since the place sat vacant for several years. Betty and Linda were holed up in her sewing room, doing their best to not let us see what they had been working on.

We had just come back in from clearing the grass and volunteer trees from around the concrete piers Chad had poured when he had planned on building a house. 

Linda and Betty came sauntering in, deliciously naked as usual. Linda slid up beside Chester pulling his hand to her waist intercepting it on the way to her ass. Betty came up to me doing her best to squeeze her chest between her forearms. It didn't actually do much besides draw my attention directly to them but it was nice. It was also a sign she was nervous about something that involved showing off her figure.

"Hank?" she asked softly.

"Hmmm?" I replied looking at her areola crinkling up a little and trying not to chuckle at her nervousness. If they were tightening up already this was going to be good.

"I um... that is we... well we made a couple of dresses for me to wear on the trip back up north. And I wanted to get your opinion on them."

Could I get someone to shove a stick of dynamite up Zack's ass and set it off?

Betty must have sensed what I was thinking. "No, it's not that. It's just that they are a bit more revealing than what I have and I wasn't sure if it is too much."

I scanned up her naked body to her face, an impish grin on her lips. "More revealing..."

She grinned, "Well yes and no. It's kinda hard to explain. It would be easier if I modeled them for you."

I grinned, "It would huh?"

Betty grinned a face splitting grin, "I'll be right back." She hopped up and scurried back to her sewing room, cheeks bobbing and maybe a hint of jeweled plug.

I looked over at Linda who was grinning at me and enjoying Chester groping her ass. She had only been able to hold out so long before he got his fingers between her cheeks.

"Uh uh, you'll just have to wait. But I think you'll enjoy them." That was followed by a soft groan and closing of eyes so I would take an educated guess Chester's fingers were more than playing with her ass.

That was followed by another soft groan from her sewing room. I knew that groan well. It only accompanied one of Betty's larger plugs seating itself in her ass. I looked back at Linda now reclining across Chester's lap, but her eyes were still closed, concentrating on whatever Chester was doing to her ass.

I was enjoying the show Linda was putting on when Betty came back in a white sleeveless dress. A VERY THIN white dress. She looked at me with a hopeful glance as I looked her up and down, then she turned slowly to let me look at the back. I chuckled as her butt came in to view. I heard her sigh as I did.

She stopped when facing me, grinning as I looked her over once more smiling while my cock was trying to break free of my jeans.

A white dress made of a semi-sheer material, but not quite as thick as the gauzy dress she wore for our last trip. Created for a 'better view' of her body, she was covered and yet drawing attention to herself.

I couldn't see her pussy, because it had a bright yellow strip barely covering her slit. I couldn't see her pink nipples, because they had large brown circles over them. I couldn't see her rose bud, because she had her tan hourglass butt plug in. The one that was darker than her skin tone when she bought it, but it now looked several shades lighter since she had a deep all over tan.

The dress itself was barely there as well. Large arm holes almost to her waist, neckline to within an inch of her covered nipples, and back cut with a low scoop very close to the crack of her ass.

I looked closer at her nipples, seeing the dark circle, and yet seeing the shine of her nipple ring. "Pasties?"

Betty grinned and dropped the straps off her shoulder baring her tits. "Lipstick for now, I'll pick up some body paint or something if it's okay with you."

"You know you're going to be looked at front and back. It won't be just me wanting to devour you. And it's not like the mall where we can just leave."

"Is it too much?" she asked a bit dejectedly.

"Not for me," I blurted out while Betty grinned back at me. "But it's either going to be pure delight at seeing you, or pure hatred from other women that their guys can't keep their eyes off you."

"Told ya," Linda called out between groans.

"Even my plug?" Betty asked turning to thrust out her cheeks in front of me. "I was debating between this one or one of the clear jewels deeper between my cheeks. Not as out in the open but more noticeable if you did see it."

I just chuckled and shook my head, "I'm surprised you don't have something dangling from your pussy."

Betty turned back grinning and pulled the front of her dress up to bare that little yellow strip barely covering her slit, the tuck in the center between her lips, the only thing keeping it in place. "Na, I'll just settle for you slipping a remote egg in me once we clear the scanners."

I'd rather you bend me over and fill me right there I front of everybody while I scream your name in orgasm.

I laughed and reached to pull her to my lap, but she scooted back. "Not yet, I have one more to show you."

"I don't know how they could show me any more than that one does."

"Well it does and it doesn't."

I cocked my head.

"You'll see," and turned to flash her plug filled ass at me.

Evidentially Chester was enjoying Betty's show. About that time Linda screamed out 'CHESTERRRRR!'

I looked over to see him with her nipple between his teeth, a finger going nuts on her clit and probably the other doing the same in her ass the way she straightened out like a board and started quivering from head to toe. Her one hand was holding his head to her tit and the other was trying to rip her other nipple off.

Chester kept her going a bit, waves of orgasm rolling through her before letting her slump across his lap.

Linda laid there panting, Chester grinning at me and flicking his finger against her clit every so often making her jump. After a few jumps Linda pulled herself up to his face, "Asshole," she said before giving him a tongue lashing of a kiss.

I just chuckled.

That chuckle was cut short as Betty stepped out in a black striped dress. Well kind of.

Picture a black completely sheer sleeveless dress, neck to mid thigh, so sheer it was hard to tell it was actually black. Now add to that a tiny black satin strip across her chest just about at armpit level but not quite making it to the side seam. Another one somewhat wider one across the very upper most swell of her tit. Another one a few inches wide across her nipples leaving both upper and lower slope of her tit bare as well as a nice bit of side swell.

It transitioned back to a tiny strip around her belly before expanding out to a wide one low on her hips covering her pussy and leaving a nice shadow from being held away from her body by her hip bones. Then tapering back off to the tiny strip across her mid thigh.

"DAMN!"

Betty grinned and turned around. The ONLY strip across the back was across her ass. Low enough to let the crack at the top of her ass show, and barely low enough to cover her cheeks. And when she turned the crease of ass and leg was nicely visible. The rest down to mid-thigh only covered in the sheer material. Oh and the back strip across her ass stopped several inches short of meeting the one across her pussy in the front. There was no possibility of her wearing anything under this dress.

Betty turned back to me staring at her in that dress. Evidentially I had a good expression from her grin.

"So where are you planning on wearing that one?"

Betty reached up to circle her nipples, teasing her nipple ring a bit. "Well I was thinking of wearing this when I give Thomas the good news. It seemed appropriate somehow."

Yes!! Let him see everything but what he actually wants to get his hands on!

I looked at her a minute, snorted, then broke out in a full bore laugh pulling her to me. I held Betty in my lap, touching and caressing through the dress. "Is this why you blackmailed Claude?" tweaking her un-pierced nipple.

Betty grinned, "Partially. This dress isn't actually finished yet," as she slid back off my lap to drop between my knees.

"What's left to do to it?" I asked as she was getting my aching cock out of my pants.

"Well that night...mmmmm" she was slowly stroking my cock taking licks at the tip. "By the time I get to tell Thomas off in the morning," Betty leaned forward and took the head of my cock slowly between her lips, her tongue dancing across the tip.

"By that time I'll have a load in my ass, one dribbling from my puss, and hopefully another sprayed allll over my boobs." Betty cupped her own tit and pinched her nipple as she took me in as far as she could hummng around my cock.

Truly Hank's cum slut!

It took a moment for that scene to coalesce in my mind... "FFUUUUCCCCKKKK..." I screamed as I grabbed her head and detonated in Betty's mouth trying to shove my cock down her throat.

___

Getting ready the morning of our trip was pure torture. Sitting back being told to stroke my aching cock while Betty cleaned herself for her fill. Taking pure evil delight and filling and cleansing FOUR times. The last one I almost didn't make it, the way her belly filled out.

How long before Hank will get me pregnant? He might have to fuck my ass even more when I get pregnant... GRINNNNN!

Betty had no more emptied her bowels and bent over the sink and I was behind her plowing her ass. Betty screaming for more as she held her cheeks apart while I gripped her shoulders holding her arched up and looking at her in the mirror as her little tits bounced with every thrust as she squirted between my legs.

YESSSSSS... Take me Hank, fuck your fucking sluts ass! Ram that dick in me and shake my boobs off!

Fucking and filling this hot babe under me as she was screaming for MORE, HARDER, DEEPER! As this cave man just fucked her ass with abandon...

I was lying over her back panting, starting to slip from her. I fumbled beside me for her cheek spreader, slipping it between us as I slid out of her ass.

I managed to stand, then chuckled at the plug in her ass.

"Like that do you?" she asked as she wiggled her ass at me, still lying across the counter.

Betty had taken a fine point marker and written in small lettering, just barely legible even this close. 'Hank's Slut'.

I reached down and cupped a cheek getting a soft moan. I let my finger drop further to run between her dripping lips. Betty merely spread her legs giving me unrestricted access to her pussy. "Ffffuuuuccckkkk..." she sighed as I ran my finger around her clit before bringing it to my lips to lick off. When I put my finger back to her lips she merely rotated her ass even higher to encourage me, like a cat in heat.

"Sluuuuttt..." she said after a soft giggle.

Do me again Hank...

"Delicious..." I whispered in her ear as my finger took a third dip.

Betty sighed, then slid from the counter to the floor, wet wash cloth in hand to clean me before handing me a pair of my modified slacks. Only my blue jeans had not been modified, and then I think it was only because of how they were put together.

Even then I watched her 'get dressed'. Wiping her creamy cum from her thighs to torment me with her taste. Taking that tiny yellow g-string and slipping it completely between her lips, then pulling it back out enough so that only the dart was in her slit. A quarter of an inch on either side to barely cover her lips.

Grinning at me watching her, she pulled a small bottle out and began painting her nipples dark brown. A dab on the un-pierced nipple, then hung her spare ear ring before proceeding to the other. Watching them crinkle up as she did, then applying a second coat while they were still hard.

'Liquid latex," she said as I looked closer. "Helps keep them standing out."

I just smiled and lightly stroked the underside of her tit, "Kinda like this?"

Betty closed her eyes and bit her lip nodding. I kept stroking, her breath quickening until she reached for my hands. "If you don't quit we're not going to make our flight." Her eyes flashed open when I took one hand from the underside of her tit and made one last swipe toward her wet pussy. She shook her finger at me grinning.

Couldn't I just go like this?

That was followed by being handed one of her large PVC plugs. Originally she was going to wear one of her cheek spreaders, but after considering having to sit on it for several hours she decided on one of the regular ones. Granted it had a nice large yellow crystal in it to match the strip barely covering her pussy.

She handed me the bright yellow plug and a tube of lube before Betty leaned over the edge of the bed and presented her ass for 're-filling'.

She made the loveliest squeak when I pulled that cheek spreader from her ass. Well eventually, seems I lost my grip on the first pull and her ass sucked it right back in. I worked it in and out a little before I got a good grip on it and sloooowwwlllyyyyy pulled it out.

Oh god this is sooooo bad. Bending over and letting Hank play with my ass. Loving the feeling of his grip on my ass as he works and plays with the plug filling me. And even feeling empty after he pulls it, I know the other plug is... Mmmmmmmm yesssssssss...

Putting a dab on her rosebud making her suck air, then groan as I worked it in and around her ass. Another dab on the tip of the plug before resting on her rosebud.

Betty groaned as I held it there, nudging back against it wanting her ass filled, "Haaank!"

After a few pushes back I held it in place as she sunk back, then taking the last push to fill her own ass. Groaning as I pushed it and her forward, then letting my thumb slip and drop into her soaking pussy flicking my finger back and forth on her clit.

"Can we stay home instead?" she said softly into the bed wiggling her pussy on my thumb.

"Not unless you want to let Thomas go."

Betty deflated, letting my thumb come almost all the way from her pussy. I dipped it back in quick before pulling completely from her making her screech and then glare at me as I licked it clean.

Flying back north again, but unlike the last trip no layover and only one checked bag for both of us. Being the middle of winter we had to take heavy jackets, or in Betty's case a long coat. Also different was our seats. Betty had done some shopping around and got first class so no slinking off to the back seats for a quickie. On the other hand...

Betty was in the mood to celebrate. The high dollar manager position had come open and she was high on the list for it. The old manager, Claire, even gave her a recommendation so she thought her chances were pretty good. We'd know a few days after we got back one way or another.

I grinned, yeah that was quite a conversation with Claire. She asked me into the office for a 'chat'. Turned out it was a bit of an interview for the high roller slot manager.

She asked me a few basic questions, then she grinned at me and asked me how I was dealing with all the customers attention. Never mentioning the conversations we had from time to time about who likes to look at boobs or butts, what guys like to look at legs, or even some of the wives looking at...

From her grin I bet I turned a hundred shades of red. Thinking about some of them taking 'peeks' at me when they thought they could get away with it, and of course I never encouraged it by wearing revealing clothes... right?

They were... what did they call them... oh yeah, wardrobe malfunctions!

"So what do you think your chances are?" she asked.

I thought back over the last few months. "I'd have to say pretty good. I haven't had any problems with the guests. Other than a few misunderstandings with a couple of other employees, everything's been pretty smooth."

Claire grinned when I mentioned 'misunderstandings.' She knew I was talking about Aida acting like she was my boss.

"Well that was my impression as well. There are six final candidates, and we'll be making a decision in the next few weeks." She put my folder down off to one side of her desk next to a pretty big stack of customer comment cards. One of six stacks.

Three of the stacks were pretty small. Mine was by far the largest of the other three. I grinned as I took a quick glance at them on my getting up and turning around. The smallest by far was Aida's.

It didn't hurt that I could slip a comment card in my halter when I called for refreshed drinks to the customers, then play with it a bit getting it out of my halter. And a few times I 'accidentally' let my nipple slip out for a bit before I noticed it. 'Oh isn't that soooo embarrassing? He he he.'

As we went to the door, Claire stopped me and turned me to her. "I'm going to miss working with you."

She gave me a bit of a hug, then backed off just enough to give me a quick cheek to cheek. She looked at me a moment, then pulled me back into her pressing her nice boobs to mine. Holding herself to me, MUCH more than a hug.

She actually gave me a peck on the cheek, the corners of our mouths just barely touching, and whispered in my ear. "I think you got it," then as she lightly pressed her puss against mine, "you got my vote."

FFFuuuccckkkkk, now all I want to do is go jump Hanks bones for a few hours!

God I can't believe how much I enjoy being Hanks slut. The way he looks at me when I play with myself in front of him get's me so close to cumming again. Would Hank jack off watching me? Would he get off and cum on my boobs watching me cum?

Elegant AND slutty all in one gorgeous package.

For once she didn't bare her body as we drove, instead lifting her dress to stroke her bare skin just outside of that little yellow strip.

You know it's amazing how small a suitcase can be when she isn't packing many clothes. No bras, no panties, just a few g-strings just in case. A couple of thin dresses and that's it. I think I actually packed more than she did. The only things that took any actual space were our long heavy coats. A necessity this time of year up north.

I did have to grin a little. While her coat would cover the lovely vision beside me, it would also allow me to grope and squeeze with total abandon again!

I grinned some more as the cab dropped us at the airport. Shaking her dress down didn't actually hide any more than when it was up around her waist.
