 This is a copyrighted original work by the author. All rights reserved. 

All characters featured herein are at least eighteen years of age, even if not expressly stated. Any resemblance between actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental. Thanks, Dean 

***** 

I was sitting in my fiancés apartment waiting for her to finish dressing so we could head to a movie and I heard, "Oh my God I can't believe it, not again." 

"Are you okay in there sweetheart?" 

"Oh I am fine, just pissed off but fine." 

"What's the problem then?" 

"I don't want to talk about it." 

"Okay then why did you scream about something you don't want to talk about?" 

"Fine, if I tell you will you leave me alone about it?" 

"I don't know since I don't know what you are talking about." 

"I am talking about my weight. I am tired of fighting to keep it off and I can't find a diet that works." 

I almost opened my mouth and said something that I would regret but thankfully my shut-up filter worked for once in its life and I kept my mouth shut. I don't know why Jenny is so worried about her weight. It is not like she is extremely overweight. Let me help give you a picture of her in your mind. She is 5'6"tall and weighs in at about 150 lbs. She would much rather be about 130 lbs. I have heard her talk about this all winter and now summer was approaching and she is going off the deep end again about her weight. She has a great figure even with a few extra pounds. 

Jenny has a 34 C chest and her hips are about 36 inches. She is about 29 inches around the waist and she wants that to go down some according to her. She has an adorable ass that I never complain about. As a matter of fact it was what drew me to her in the first place but I would never tell her that. We have been dating for about four years and engaged for two of those. She has beautiful long brown hair and when it comes to sex she is what I would call a dynamo. She is willing to try about anything at least once and keeps herself shaved or waxed baby smooth. Some men may not like their women that way but I do. 

Jenny walked out of the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around her using another towel to dry her hair. "I don't really want to bring this up but if you don't hurry up sweetheart we aren't going to make it. If you don't want to go out I can go get us a movie and snacks and come back." 

"Would you be really upset if we just stayed in?" 

"If I was I wouldn't have offered. Do you want me to go get a movie so you can just put on PJ's and sit around and be comfortable?" 

"I would really appreciate it. I am so tired of trying to lose weight and never getting anywhere. It really bums me out and I don't know what to do." 

"I will run and get some stuff for us and be right back. If you are having that much trouble I could just paddle your cute little ass if you don't lose the weight." I said as a joke as I was walking out the door. 

"Thanks you're a lot of help." 

I ran to the local movie shop and grabbed three movies for her to pick from and some snacks. I also ran through the local convenience store and got some drinks for us as well as fried chicken and salads since I was hungry. I arrived back at the apartment about 20 minutes later and she was sitting on the couch obviously depressed over this weight loss thing. 

"Here sweetheart I got us some snacks and fried chicken and salads to go with these movies." I handed her the movies to pick which one she wanted to watch. 

"I tell you that I am having trouble losing weight and you get us fried chicken!" She said almost yelling at me. 

"I got us something to eat because I am hungry and you can eat the salads if that is what is eating at you thanks." I said back almost in a snotty manner. 

Jenny started to cry and I felt like a heel even though I didn't really think I had done anything wrong. I loved this woman to death and I would not do anything to hurt her knowingly. She looked up at me and I sat the food on the coffee table and held her in my arms. I told her I was sorry and I did not mean anything by what I got for us to eat, I was just hungry. 

She looked at me and replied, "I am the one who should be sorry. You put up with my constant complaining about my weight, and then I jump down your throat when you do something nice for me." 

"Don't worry about it I know you don't mean anything about it you are just upset." 

"I am so tired of this. I have tried every diet that comes down the pipe and I can't seem to lose weight." 

"Have you just simply tried good old fashioned diet and exercise?" 

"I have tried everything." 

"Sweetheart I don't want to get into an argument with you but you haven't tried them the way they are supposed to be used. You try a few days and then look for a different one because you can't see any results." 

"I don't do that I try them for at least a week and then I..." She suddenly got very quiet. 

"What's the matter sweetheart what were you going to say?" 

"I just realized you were right. I need to find a way to motivate me into finishing what I start." 

"Tell you what you just sit here and relax and watch the movie and think about what you need to do to make this work and I will support you in whatever you choose to do it...okay?" 

We sat and watched the movie and I laughed all the way through it. I had seen it about a hundred times but I never get tired of it. I was watching 'Down Periscope', and I love that movie. I don't think Jenny paid any attention to it. Her mind was off in never-never-land probably thinking about her weight problem again. She did eat a salad while I ate chicken and junk food. 

"I wish I had your body metabolism." She said as the movie ended. "You can eat anything you want and never gain an ounce." 

I couldn't argue with her on that because it was true. I do however get a great deal of exercise every day and that does make a difference. We were sitting there waiting for the credits to end on the movie when she looked up and said, "Were you serious about what you said earlier?" 

I may be male, and I may act like a male, but there was no way I was answering that question without knowing what I said. I have made that mistake before and I was not going to dig myself a hole I could never get out of. 

"Just what did I say sweetheart?" 

"You said that you would just paddle my cute little ass if I didn't lose weight." 

"Sweetheart I love you to death and there is nothing I would rather do than look at your cute little ass, but it was a joke." 

"Does it have to be?" 

"Okay, you have me intrigued but what are you actually asking me to do?" 

"I want you to help me lose weight. I want you to spank me if I don't lose it and if I don't I want to be punished for it." 

"I don't think that is a good idea sweetheart." 

"Tell me one good reason why it's not a good idea then." 

"If you don't lose weight, or gain weight for some unseen reason, and I have to punish you with a spanking you will be mad at me." 

"I had not thought about the gaining weight part but I guess that is also a possibility." 

"Good, glad you changed your mind, let's just watch the next movie." I said hoping the matter was closed. 

"I just have to come up with a plan that works for both of us, that's all." 

She was not going to leave this alone. I put on another movie and in the middle of it she got up and went and got a pad of paper and started to write something. If I looked over to see what she was doing she turned the paper so that I could not see what she was doing. By the end of the movie she was smiling to herself and looking at me with the cat got the canary smile. 

When the movie was over she looked at me and said, "Rob we need to talk." 

I was not sure what she had come up with but I knew that I was going to be involved one way or another. 

"Would you really help me lose weight if I asked you to?" 

"If there was something I could do like counting calories or something like that I would." 

"That is not what I asked you. Will you help me lose weight if I came up with a plan that I think will work?" 

"I guess if you put it that way and you really are sincere about losing weight I would be glad to help you." 

"Okay I have a plan that I believe will work. You simply have to agree to do what is required of you if I don't follow through with the weight loss plan." 

"What do I have to do?" 

"Let's talk about this for a minute sweetheart," she said batting her eyes at me. 

"Okay." 

"Here is what we are going to do. I must lose weight each day for 30 days. I haven't figured out what I am going to do for the exercise part of it yet but that is the plan." 

"What's the catch?" I said knowing she wasn't finished yet. 

"I will weigh in each evening. When I weigh in if I have not lost weight I want to be punished for it." 

I started to say something and she told me I had to wait until she was finished giving me the entire plan and then we would discuss it. I thought at least she had thought the plan through that far. 

She went on to say, "If I don't lose weight you are going to spank me. If I gain weight then the punishment gets more severe. At the end of the week if I have not lost weight then I get paddled as well as suffering something that I have never allowed you to do before. The idea is that I want this to work and I had to come up with something that I feel is a punishment." 

"Just what are you having me do that you have never allowed me to do before?" 

"If I get paddled I need something else to help me to learn that I was serious about this. You get to put a plug in my ass." 

I think my heart did a flip flop. I have always been excited to play with her ass and she just was not into it. I tried putting a finger in her ass and she just plain said, "No." 

"I don't think you know what you're saying." I told her not believing that she really thought this through. 

"I have thought this through. If I don't lose weight I get spanked and if I gain weight I get a paddling and a plug." She said as a matter of fact. 

"Okay if that is what you want and you think it will work then I will agree to it." 

"Rob, that's not all." 

"What else are you making me do?" 

"I think I should get a reward if I lose weight don't you?" 

"I suppose you should so what do you have in mind?" 

"If I lose weight then I get to spank you." 

"I don't think I like this idea anymore." 

"You said you would support me, and besides it might be fun." 

She had me and I did not want to admit it. If I didn't go along with her plan it looked like I wasn't supporting her. I was doomed and I knew it. 

"Okay I will agree with whatever plan you put together." 

"Rob, if I lose enough weight I will be really grateful and I might just have a special gift for you when we are finished." 

"What's the gift?" 

"If I lose the amount of weight I want to lose then you get the gift, but I am not telling you what it is until after the 30 days of weight loss is over." 

"Okay, how are we going to do this?" 

"I don't have any idea I just know I want to lose the weight." 

"I have an idea. Can I think about it and tell you tomorrow if I think it will work?" 

"I guess that will be okay." 

We kissed each other and I headed home trying to come up with a plan to help her lose the weight. I had a great idea I just had to see if it would work and I wanted to sleep on it. 

I used the information she had given me and told her I had a plan that I thought would work, if she was sincere in wanting to lose the weight. She told me that she did and I told her I would be over at her house that evening to talk about it. 

When I arrived she gave me a kiss and we talked about her plan. We decided that she would be spanked if she didn't lose weight and paddled if she gained weight. She also kept with the plan of using a plug as punishment as well. I tried to talk her out of that because I did not want her to think of anything anal as a bad thing. She already would not let me touch her there and now she wanted me to punish her, using her anus as part of the punishment. She said she was sure that I would agree and she had gone out and bought some things for us to use as well. I asked her to show them to me and she said that when she had to be punished I would see them. 

She did show me a leather paddle she had purchased and I told her I hoped she knew what she was doing. I also told her that she should weigh herself in the morning because that is normally the best time. She said she knew that but hoped that weighing at night would also help to keep her from overeating or eating things she shouldn't during the day. 

I wasn't going to argue with her so I left it the way she wanted. "Okay sweetheart, when do you plan to start this diet?" 

"I am going to weigh myself at 9'oclock tonight and then at the same time every day or as close as I can." 

"Why so late in the evening?" I asked wondering what she was up to. 

"I don't plan to have to take the plug for gaining weight but if I do I want to wait until it's almost time for bed before you put it in, since I have to keep it in until morning." 

"You did not say anything about keeping it in until morning." 

"I realize that but it is supposed to be a punishment and I hope it keeps me from gaining weight." 

"I hope you didn't buy one that's too big then." 

"Oh I bought several and I am also going to make you increase the size each time I mess up as part of the punishment as well." 

"You really are serious about this aren't you?" 

"Yes I am and you better follow through on your part as well." 

"I told you I would." 

She also realized that while we were discussing this we were supposed to be gone on vacation for two weeks during that time. "What are we going to do about vacation?" she asked wondering if it would affect our vacation. 

We had planned on doing some hiking along a route I found through North East Iowa. I had heard the trout fishing was good there and there are several places we could camp on the way. With the weight thing thrown in that was going to be a bit of an issue since I was not packing a scale. We talked about it at length and then she asked, "Can't we just pick a place to camp that is out of the way and drive out to different places to fish and hike each day?" 

"I guess I don't see any problem with that." 

We sat and looked at maps and decided that the best place for us to stay was in Decorah. It had a great campground that had firewood, showers, etc. that would make it a little less rough but still allow us to go out and enjoy nature. 

"The only problem with this plan sweetheart is that giving you a spanking in the middle of a campground is going to draw attention that we really don't need." 

"Can't we just find a place once we get there out away from everyone if I get a spanking or perhaps if you do?" she said with a grin. 

I had hoped she forgot that part but she hadn't so I agreed with her on that part. "We can look for a place after we get there, perhaps at one of the streams. We are going to change your weigh in time to 6 pm when we are camping though." 

"Why do we have to change to time?" 

"It gets dark around nine and we are not going to rummage around in the dark." 

"Okay, that makes sense." 

"I am going to go and weigh myself right now and use that as my benchmark for tomorrow's weigh in." She said as she headed for the bathroom. 

"Bring the scale out here or I am coming in there." 

"Why, do you need to be in there?" 

"I want to see the numbers not have you tell me the numbers. You are not going to have a chance to cheat on this since it was your idea." 

"Fine, I will be back in a sec with the scale." 

She walked in and put the scale down on the floor and stood on it. The scale read 151 and she was not happy about it. "I told you I need to lose weight." 

"I know you did and now you are going to or you will have a very sore ass in more ways than one." 

I told her I would get everything ready for the trip and then asked her if she wanted me to take my camper instead of the tent since we are staying at a campground and she said, "Yes please." 

We had a week before we were to leave and she would have to lose weight during that time as well so this could get interesting. What I did not know at the time was how interesting she was going to make it where I was concerned. She had left out a few little details about what she was going to do to me. 

I told her that I was heading home and that I would see her tomorrow for her 'weigh-in'. She gave me a kiss and told me that she would not be home until about 8 since she had told some of her girlfriends that they would go out for a drink after work. I knew this was not a good idea but I guess she will learn in more ways than one. Besides this whole thing was her plan, not mine. 

I got home from work and started to clean up the camper and pack things away that we would need for our vacation. I still think doing this weight loss thing during vacation is a mistake. I put away some food items into the camper that I like to eat and some nutritional and low calorie things that she could eat as well. 

Around 7:30 I headed over towards her house and she pulled in the driveway just ahead of me. We hugged in the driveway and then went into the house. I could tell that she had been drinking by the way she talked. After she has one drink she starts talking faster and I was having trouble trying to keep up with her. We sat on the couch and talked about our trip. She had got onto the computer at work over lunch and found some places she wanted to visit while we were in that area. They weren't necessarily where I wanted to go but it is a vacation for the both of us so I figured that I could suck it up and go where she wanted to go as well. About ten minutes to 9 she said, "Oh it's almost time to weigh in and I am so excited. I am sure that I haven't gained any weight today since I only had a salad for dinner." 

Jenny went into the bathroom to get the scale and then sat it down on the floor. She got out a tablet that she had written her weight down on and then stepped on the scale. "That is not possible, it just can't be!" Jenny almost shrieked as she looked at the scale. "It says that I weigh 152, and that means I gained weight." 

She just stared at it in disbelief. Then she looked at the clock and said, "Wait, I have three minutes till it's 9 o'clock, I will be right back." 

Jenny ran to the bathroom and when she came back she got back on the scale. This time it read 151. "Whew that was close, but I don't get it I only ate a salad." 

"How many drinks did you have?" 

"Well only three but that shouldn't make a big difference." 

"If they were 8 ounce drinks and you had three that is 1.5 pounds sweetheart, and how much exercise did you get today? 

"Are you going to do this every time I weigh in?" She asked as if irritated. 

"That is what you told me you wanted me to do and I told you this was not a good idea remember?" 

"Yes I remember." 

"Well get over here and let's get your spanking over with then before I go home." 

"I don't get a spanking to day I have the exact same weight that I had when I weighed last night, or is your memory that bad?" 

"My memory is perfect. You told me if you didn't lose weight you were to be spanked and if you gained weight you were to be spanked and then plugged, correct." 

"Yeah but I didn't gain any weight." 

"You didn't lose any either." 

"Fine, if you want to spank me that bad then here." 

Jenny walked over and laid herself over my lap and said, "Go ahead and beat my ass then." 

I took her by the arm and sat her in my lap, looked her in the eyes, and said, "From the beginning I said this was a bad idea and you wouldn't listen. Now when you don't finish what you say you are going to do you get mad at me? I am going home and you can go to bed and figure out a different method to lose weight." I picked her from my lap, kissed her on the forehead and walked out the door. 
