 Men in uniform have always done it for me. Firemen... at least my fireman... does it like no other. Whether dressed in crisp clean uniform blues, or smoky yellow bunker gear and his black helmet, my man is awesome. I have thought that from the moment I laid eyes on him... 

Anyway, I met Randy at our local ER one night. I used to work as a night shift RN there. There is just something awesome about blood, guts, broken bones or a good code in the middle of the night. It keeps a girl on her toes. Well, Randy was on the ambulance this particular night. I don't know what possessed me to slip him my phone number, but next thing I know we were talking.

A few harmless flirtatious phone calls and I found myself inviting him over for Friday night supper. This wasn't like me at all, but I figured, what the heck... Something about him made me want to get to know him so much more... I just never realized just how much better I would come to know him. 

I asked him what he wanted to eat for supper. His deep chuckle sent shivers down my spine as that sexy voice purred into the phone... "I am sure we can find something that will satisfy me..." I hesitated for a moment, swallowing hard before I continued... "How do you like your steak?" 

My mouth must have dropped open judging from the way one of my co-workers snickered. I could hear the amusement in his voice, "Pink... and dripping with juice on the inside..." I had to go quickly as another ambulance rolled up to the backdoor, promising him he wouldn't be disappointed... Cooking was something I could handle... handling this handsome fireman might be a different story...

We played phone tag for the next couple of days... He would be on a fire call when I called him, or I would be busy with a patient when he called me... Friday couldn't get here fast enough to suit me. 

Friday night he shows up at my house about 45 minutes late... A six-pack of Smirnoff Red in one hand and a duffel bag in the other. I can smell the hint of smoke on him as he walks on in, making himself at home... I watch him walk to the fridge, my eyes widening as he bends over, his uniform pants pulling tight over that nice ass. Yeah... I said I had a thing for uniforms... My heart skipped a beat as he stretched, his shirt pulling tight over his chest and arms.

You have to understand, Randy could have been one of those firemen you see on a calendar... You know, 6'1", 275, standing with a hose in hand, sweat drenched, wearing bunker pants and suspenders... no shirt... smut lightly smudged on his cheek... He has these huge muscular shoulders and arms that makes you yearn to be the one in those arms... He has this awesome Maltese cross tattoo on one shoulder... 

Randy has a shaved head that you just want to rub your fingers over. He keeps it bald and it gives him an almost a cold-hearted look. He has a trimmed goatee. Randy definitely looks a little on the intimidating side. I think he knows exactly the effect he has on me... 

Randy has these awesome "fuck me" eyes that smolder when he looks into mine... I can feel the blush rising in my cheeks as he catches me checking out his ass... He has the fullest lips that play into an impish smirk when he grins... "I am gonna shower off real quick before I eat..." he starts for my bedroom... making sure to brush up against me at the stove before heading out of the kitchen. 

I take a minute to catch my breath as I hear the shower turning on in my bathroom... God what he does to me...This just wasn't like me at all... I have dated my share of good looking guys... but none that could turn me on with a look the way he can... I finish putting the food on the table then light the candles, just as he walks back in the kitchen. Now dressed in tight blue jeans and a fire department t-shirt, a hint of Drakkar in the air as he sits down across from me... his eyes playing with mine in the candlelight... I grab a couple of Smirnoff's out of the fridge and slide him one after opening it... 

I could feel the thick sexually charged tension in the air between us as we chit chat over supper... We swap war stories... he from being a fireman and first responder... and me from being a trauma nurse... We laugh over things that most sane people would find horrifying... hungrily eating while talking about the goriest accident scenes we have ever seen... 

Just as he tosses his napkin on his plate and slides his chair back, he grimaces and looks down at his pager, the familiar tones ringing through the air... Quicker than lightning he is heading toward the door, stopping only long enough to quickly kiss my cheek... whispering in my ear that he will be back soon... I follow him to the door and watch as he climbs up in his huge Ford 4x4 truck and revs the engine, backing out of my drive while turning his bright strobes on then his siren... noone could miss seeing him coming, that was for sure... 

With a sigh I return to the kitchen, clearing the table and turning to the sink to wash dishes, closing my eyes as my mind wanders to this fantasy I have had of him since the day we met. I am jolted back to reality as a hand grabs my hair and pulls my head back, full lips pressing to mine unmercifully, the metallic taste of my own blood seeping into my mouth...

A blindfold is slid over my eyes... I curse at the figure that I can feel but cannot see... I try to scream against his lips, but am met with a stinging slap to one cheek... Panic starts to set in... I know I locked that door when Randy left... I know I locked that door... I try to twist from the intruder, only to find my arms imprisoned by my side... 

The harsh lips that once bit at mine, now bite at my ear... growling... "Be still and play nice and I won't hurt you... much... " That voice... I now that voice...I try to catch my breath only to catch a whiff of something... something so familiar... deeply inhaling... a calm floods through me... Drakkar... my favorite... I try not to smile... biting my own lip this time as he snatches me around... 

I am thrown off balance as strong arms catch me at my knees... carrying me to the bedroom and throwing me down... He climbs onto the bed beside me... his fingers sliding down the edges of my shirt... with one swift movement, my shirt is ripped from my body... the cool air now raising chill bumps along my flesh... 

His lips slide down... warming every inch of skin the touch... then suddenly pain shoots through my right nipple, my back arching off the bed... his teeth buried in the tender skin... He hurts... Oh man does it hurt... my already sensitive nipples aching... just as I think he is through... he slides up the bed, noticing the wetness on my silk blindfold... his fingers slid up to the left nipple, twisting it mercilessly...

Growling under his breath, a tear slides down my cheek... His hand slides down my tummy... I just now notice that my skirt and panties are gone, his hand continues its journey only hesitating a moment...hovering over my clit before roughly sliding into my soaking wet pussy... I barely make out the low soft chuckle... "Pink... and dripping with juice on the inside... just like I like it..." 

I suddenly tighten around his probing fingers as his tongue barely brushes my swollen clit, my body coming alive... quaking at his touch... so gentle... and yet so brutal... Wave after wave of ecstacy pour through me, his tongue lapping at the juices now pouring from within me... His attentions are relentless... I dont think I can take anymore... pushing weakly at his smooth head... quickly finding my hands pinned above my head... the blindfold yanked from my eyes...

Those dark smoky eyes stare down into mine... Was that anger or amusement... or both? "Don't you EVER deny me anything" he growls through clenched teeth... 

Without warning he drives his rock hard cock into me... I feel like he is going to split me open... His relentless thrusting combined with the twisting of my sore nipples drive me over the edge once more... My body convulses around him... Pleasure stacked on top of pleasure coursing through me... The sharp sting of his hand across my cheek is enough to bring me most of the way back to reality...

"Don't you cum again unless I say you can. Do you understand, little one??" his voice was so intimidating...and yet at the same time, I felt like I had found home... His touch softened tremendously... barely brushing my throbbing clit... the slightest sensation causing waves to wash over me...

"Please... oh God please... I need it..."

"What do you need little one... tell me... tell me what you need..." His fingers never letting up in my wetness... "Tell me what you want baby... tell me what you need... " His cock slams into me relentlessly... his voice daring me not to cum without permission... 

"I NEED TO CUM,, ON YOUR COCK... PLEASE! PLEASE!" I can sense his triumphant smile as he starts to pound away at my pussy... "PLEASE... GOD... PLEASE... ". My legs wrap around his waist... guiding him deeper and deeper until neither of us can take it anymore... 

He can barely whisper... "Now little one... cum for me... cum so good for me..." Not one to have to be told twice, my body tenses up, quivering around his hardness... Nothing else in the world matters at this moment... His hot cum spilling into me my body taking and giving the pleasure his offers... 

Randy soon collapses beside me on the bed, a protective arm sliding over me... we snuggle up as close as we can... my mind racing at what just happened... he speaks up... "You are mine now. Your body belongs to me... ". his hand slides down to my chin, lifting it up so our eyes meet... "Do you understand? All mine..." I nod slowly... knowing that this is right where I belong...