 The phone rings, I answer. It is her. "Can you come over? I need to see you right away." I tell her I will be right there.

As I drive to her house, my heart races as thoughts of her fly through my mind. I hunger for her and wish to make her feel like a goddess. I have waited for this call for a long time, and am excited to finally be on my way to meet her in person.

I park in front of her house and go to the door. There is a note on it, telling me to go inside and up the stairs, so I comply. At the top of the stairs, there is only one door open, and a soft light coming from the doorway, so I proceed to the end of the hall and through the door.

My heart is pounding as I see her before me, in a delicate ivory satin negligee. Her long, flowing auburn hair and skin are radiant, her body is perfection, soft curves that promise such pleasure to come. She greets me "I am so glad you could make it" and comes to me. We embrace and share our first kiss. Our lips meet and the feeling is electric. We progress from that to or mouths meeting as our tongues entwine and my hands roam her smooth back down to the top of her shapely bottom.

She pushes me back and removes my shirt and kisses my chest. I run my fingers through her hair and moan in pleasure. She comes up to kiss me again as she unbuckles my belt and pushes down my pants, leaving my black silk boxers in place, for the time being. I pick her up and carry her to the bed.

I gently lay her down, and her arms cling to my neck as we kiss again. I stroke her cheek and lie down beside her as my hands begin to explore her feminine body. She sighs as my hand glides over the silky fabric covering her breasts, then gasps when I concentrate a fingertip on her hardening nipple. I kiss her neck and shoulders, my lips caressing her soft skin.

I push down the straps of her negligee with my fingers as I kiss down her chest as her perfect breasts are revealed by pulling the bodice down with my teeth. She sighs as her nipples are gently teased by the fabric sliding over them. I come back up to kiss her face, caressing her and listening to her breathing accelerate. My hand traces down her side to her hip as we kiss again, then I kiss her chin, and trail down her throat, kissing, licking and nibbling my way to her chest.

Her gorgeous auburn locks are draped over the pillow and flow down her chest, framing her perfect bosom in fiery glory. I kiss my way to the swell of her left breast and teasingly lick her hard nipple, making her moan. Then I gently blow cool air over it making her gasp and sigh, then kiss across her chest to the right breast to do the same to it. Then I take her nipple in my lips and suckle her gently as my hands are caressing her hips and legs.

I spend some time enjoying her bosom and the sounds she makes as I worship it. She looks like a goddess, more desirable in her arousal than anything on this earth. I kiss my way down her body, trailing with my tongue caressing her nubile flesh, as my hands stroke her firm, shapely legs. When I reach her waist, I pick myself up for a moment to gaze upon her beauty again. This fiery-haired apparition is the most beautiful image to ever be before me.

I move down the bed and kiss her right ankle, then lick and kiss and tease and tickle my way up her leg as she makes sounds of pleasure. As I come up to her thighs I can smell her delicious scent and it drives me mad with desire. I must experience this woman, and I must please her like never before.

I kiss along the line of the waist of the lacy g-string she is wearing, then kiss her mound through the lace. She coos in pleasure. Then I blow hot breath through the lace, making her moan in lust and run her fingers through my hair. I kiss my way to her left hip and work my way down that leg the same way I worked up the other, this time slowly, teasingly pulling her panties with me as I go.

Once I have reached her foot, I look up at her perfection laid before me, her waist wrapped in the negligee that has been pulled down and pushed up, her womanhood glistening with her desire for me, her perfect nipples hard. Her gorgeous mound is smooth, waiting for my lips and tongue to caress it and bring her pleasure. I do hate to keep a lady waiting.

I kiss my way up her inner legs, savoring her aroma. I come back to her beautiful mound and kiss it again, this time with no lace to keep my lips from feeling her creamy skin. She moans deeply as I kiss all around her womanhood teasingly, my lips and tongue caressing her delicate skin. I gently lick her lips, tasting her cream for the first time. She is delicious, and I crave more instantly. I kiss her hood gently, then suck her delicate lips. I stroke along her moistening slit with my tongue, and gently lick her hard clit, making her shudder.

I then begin to eat her sweet pussy in earnest, my lips and tongue caressing and teasing and pleasing all of her flower as her moans escalate to screams. I savor the taste and scent of her nectar as she moans my name in desire. I lap at her cream like a starving kitten, my face dripping with her sweetness. As she reaches orgasm, she grabs me by the hair and holds my mouth to her as her juices flow. I do my best to lap them up.

Once she releases me, she beckons me up to kiss her. She licks my face clean and strokes my hardening cock through my boxers, then pulls them off me. Then she pulls me to her and wraps her legs around my waist and pulls me into her warm, welcoming passage.

The feeling of her tight pussy wrapped around my cock is like nothing I have experienced. She is so hot and wet, it feel like heaven, or better. Her angelic face is alight as she closes her eyes, feeling me penetrate her. I move slowly, letting her get comfortable with my thickness. Her juices flow around me, like liquid gold. I manage to penetrate her fully, then stop and embrace her. We kiss as she feels me fully inside her. She moans and tells me "I want you so badly"

I begin to move, feeling more pleasure that I can imagine, and she moans and sighs, her walls gripping and caressing my shaft. I lean down to suck her nipples while I glide in and out. She writhes in ecstasy and tells me not to stop. I don't want to. Ever. I move her legs over my shoulders and get nice and deep in her heavenly pussy, and she moans loudly, telling me to fuck her hard.

I pick up my pace, thrusting hard into her, enjoying the sensation and the amazing sight of this goddess of passion below me. I kiss her passionately and her moans turn into screams in my mouth as she climaxes. I keep going, keeping her in a state of pure bliss, until she pushes me off.

She pushes me onto my back, then straddles me. "I have to ride you, you feel so good" she says, then lowers herself onto me. She begins to ride me, and I move my hips to meet hers as my hands find her breasts again. Her flowing locks whip as she rocks on my hard shaft, looking like a fiery halo. Her moans again escalate into screams and I feel her muscles squeeze and clench at my manhood. She is cumming, and hard. Her nectar flows freely, soaking my body beneath her. With one final scream, and an arching of her back, we orgasm together.

She collapses on my chest, my rod still buried in her womanhood, and we kiss deeply again.

I will never forget this day.