 "I can't believe I'm so nervous." - "Humph, I can't believe I'm talking to myself." - "Oh well at least talking to myself will give me something to do." 

"At least I know why I'm so nervous. It's my first official date with Gwen and I'll be getting the once over by her mom." 

"I've got to make sure there are no screw ups. Let me see...tickets - check. Wallet...with money - check. Plenty of gas in the car - check. I can't mess this up; you only get one chance to make a first impression." 

"I don't know why I'm putting myself through this." - "Yes I do, Gwen is hot. No it's more than that, she makes me feel special and I really like her." 

"There it is. I wonder why I had to show up early?" "Who am I fooling? I'm here to get the 3rd degree. I can hear the questions now. Where are you going? When are you going to get back? Then there will the additional comments. Make sure you have her home early. No fooling around." - I wonder how Gwen will react to my answers. 

---- 

Gwen was waiting anxiously by her window. Dan was supposed to be early and she hoped that her mother approved of him. Finally after what seemed like forever she saw him pull into the driveway, but he didn't get out of the car. Why is he just sitting there? Why isn't he getting out? 

---- 

"CRAP, might as well get this over with. I can't sit in the driveway forever." 

< RING > "Hi Ms. Brown, I'm Dan." - Gwen and her mom look a lot alike. Her mom has a similar color blonde hair but it isn't exactly the same, plus it's short. Gwen wears hers down to the middle of her back. - 

"Nice to meet you. Won't you come in?" 

- Gwen and her mom both have the same gray eyes. That's kind of cool. - "I'm here early, like you asked me to be." - Damn this is uncomfortable. - 

"Have a seat on the sofa; I want to talk for a few minutes." 

---- 

Gwen heard the doorbell and was excited that Dan had gotten the nerve up to come in. She didn't like for guys to come and get her at home. She preferred to meet them somewhere, knowing how her mother was. She didn't want to put the guys through hell, but she and Dan had hit it off from the start. She had kept him away her mom, meeting him at the basketball games and stuff like she usually did, but, she wanted to go on a real dates with him. For that to happen he had to pick her up at home and unfortunately go through this. 

---- 

- Damn I hate this, let's get to the questions already. - "That's fine Mrs. Brown." 

"Please, call me Rachel." 

- At least she's smiling. - "Okay Rachel, what do you want to talk about?" - Rachel has the same dimples when she smiles that Gwen does, cool! - 

"I had Gwen when I was 19 and I want to spare my daughter the problems I faced having a child that young." 

- You get right to the point don't you? - "Rachel, I would never disrespect Gwen." 

"I'm afraid good intentions only go so far. You're both 18 and sometimes things happen." 

- Why is she putting her hand on my arm? - "We're only going to grab a burger and then go out to a movie." 

"And I want her home immediately after it is over." 

"That's what we're going to do." 

----- 

Gwen tried everything she could think of but just couldn't hear what Dan and her mom were saying. She was just too far away. Her bedroom was on the second floor and she could only hear that something was being said but couldn't make out what it was. 

----- 

"And nothing else." 

- For Pete sake, if Gwen and I wanted to fuck on our first official date, I wouldn't have bothered to get movie tickets. - "We will come back right after the movie ends." - There isn't anything I can do after 10 o'clock at night that I can't do before 10 o'clock at night. 

"I know, my daughter told me. But, I like to have some insurance." 

- What in hell are we talking about? - "I don't understand." 

"I like to think I'm protecting my daughter." Rachel reached over. 

"How?" - Why is she reaching over? 

"By taking the bullets out of the gun," 

"What?" - Why is she undoing my zipper? What the crap is going on? 

Rachel really was doing this to protect her daughter, but it didn't hurt that she liked doing it. Her daughter hadn't brought a boy home to meet her in a long time. The other times the boys and her daughter were too young for her to bother with. 

- At least she appears to know what she's doing. Okay, my jeans are open and I'm out. - 

"Relax Dan; my daughter will not come down until I call for her." She liked how a soft cock felt in her hand and gave a little squeeze. She wrapped her fingers around his shaft and gently played. 

"Mm." - She's going to get me off with her hand so I won't have sex with Gwen. Okay by me. - 

Rachel loved the feel of a soft cock and making it grow. Watching his face, she squeezed it again. She liked the feeling of power it gave her. 

"Um," - I didn't give Rachel enough credit; she definitely knows what she's doing. 

The idea that it was her deciding how and when the guy got hard had always appealed to her, "Slide down some." 

- She's pulling my jeans and underwear down. - 

Rachel smiled; his cock was hard and standing a good 7 inches. She continued stroking him while her other hand cupped his balls. 

- I've never had a girl play with my cock and my balls at the same time. - "Ooh." 

Rachel licked her lips to make them wet, and then she bent over. Her mouth was watering at the idea of having a hard cock in her mouth again. 

- Now what is she going to do? I wonder if she's...? She's going to suck me! I can feel her mouth on me. - "Oh shit." 

Rachel took it back out, "Do you like?" 

"Oh yeah, I've never had that before...O-o-o." 

A cock felt good in her mouth and against her tongue. She dated and sometimes stayed overnight with someone, but she never could get enough sex, and she loved it all. Plus, she never brought anyone home. She covered her teeth with her lips and went down on him again. 

"Mm." - Is she biting me? No, it doesn't hurt. No, it definitely doesn't hurt. - "Ooh, that feels good." 

Rachel had always taken pride with how far she could go down on a guy. She sucked on his cock greedily and could feel the heat start between her legs; it was too bad they didn't have more time. 

- I can feel my cock sliding into her throat. She's going down so far that her nose is touching my pubic hair. How can she do that? - Why is she's taking me out of her mouth? - 

"Do you like watching me do it?" 

"Oh yeah." - She's licking me. - "Um hum, especially just under the head." - Damn! - "Oh yeah just like that." 

"I like doing this too." 

- She is stroking me with her hand again and she's licking my balls! - "Oh man." 

"Which do you like better? When I lick your hard cock all up and down, like this." 

"Um hum, I like that." 

"Or when I suck it in like this?" 

"Ah...mm...that too." - She's teasing me even as she doing it, for crying out loud. Her lips grip my cock as she goes down and then I feel the head touch the back of her throat. I know when she eases up sucking that she is going to let my cock slide almost all of the way out. - 

---- 

Gwen could still hear them talking. She had no intention of fooling around with him on their first official date. So when was her mom going to be done and let them go on it all ready? 

---- 

"A-h-h." - She's using her hands as well as her mouth now. Both hands are around my cock stroking me as she sucks me in and out, "Mm." Her breasts are pushing against me. I wonder if she would let me touch them? Cool, they give just a little bit. 

She chuckled which was difficult with her mouth full of hard cock. Rachel was proud of her body and kept herself in shape so men would continue to look at her. 

- Crap! Rachel stopped sucking me; maybe I shouldn't have done anything. Wait, she's taking her shirt off, now her bra. He breasts are huge and her nipples are so pink. She's putting my hands on her breasts. "Oh yeah." - I can feel her nipples getting hard as I play. She sucking me and letting me play with her. This is turning out a lot different than I thought it would. - 

Rachel knew that she should just finish him off but she couldn't pass up this chance. She loved having her nipples sucked. 

- She's stopping again. What is she doing now? She is putting her nipple to my lips. Rachel likes having her nipples sucked and played with. "I like doing this to you." 

Rachel moaned. She could tell that Dan had never done anything before. It still felt good and his inexperience was actually a turn on. The warm felling between her legs was getting hotter. 

- Awe, I wanted to play around some more with you. She's kissing me. Gwen's mom kisses better than Gwen does. - 

"Dan, maybe we can do more the next time you come over. For now, I think you should cum for me." 

"I've never had a girl say stuff like that to me before." 

Rachel hungered for him but knew it was impossible, at least for now. She stopped so she could kiss him again. "Maybe you and I can get together and fuck." She stuck her tongue in his mouth. "Imagine how good your cock would feel inside of my body." The heat between her legs was now a fire. She would have to get herself off after Dan and Gwen left. She attacked his cock. 

She's sucking me again. - "That feels so good." 

Rachel wanted his cum. She had earned it. His cock felt good against her tongue but the feel of hot cum as it shot onto her mouth was unlike anything else. She started sucking him harder, bobbing up and down faster. 

"Ah...um...um...yeah...I'm going to -" 

His cock seemed to grow even larger. She tasted a few drops of pre cum. 

"- I'm going to..."I'm cumming!" 

She felt his cockhead swell and then hot cum exploded into her mouth. "Um hum." 

- She's swallowing my cum. Rachel is letting me cum in her mouth and she's swallowing it. I'm still shooting cum and she's still sucking me. - 

Rachel swallowed and sucked for more and Dan gave her more. More cum and more cum pumped out of him and she greedily swallowed it all. She took every drop of cum he could give. When the flow eased up she rose up and smiled at the look on his face. "I did that for Gwen." He was just starting to get soft and she wrapped her fingers around his cock gripping the base. Squeezing, she raised her fingers from bottom to top and a few drops of white cum puddled on his cockhead. "This I do for me." 

- She's licking my cum off of me in one long string. - 

"Do you always cum that much?" 

"I don't know." 

Rachel stood up and put on her bra and shirt. "I need something to drink. I suggest that you fix your jeans. You be a good boy. Don't fool around with my daughter and we can do that and a lot more before your future dates." She yelled up the stairs as she walked to the kitchen, "Gwen, you can come down now!" 

"It's about time." Gwen came flying down the stairs, "Hi Dan, it's good to see you're still here." 

"Hi Gwen, you look nice." 

"Thank you. Mom are you satisfied?" 

"For now, I may have to talk to him some more the next time." 

- Rachel winked at me. Don't you worry Rachel I won't touch your daughter. On our next date I will be getting here early enough for us to fuck. I may come over even if there isn't a date with her. - 

Gwen didn't see the wink her mom gave her boyfriend.