 Note, As my other stories, this is true. I hope you enjoy it.

It was the spring of 2001 and my birthday was coming up. I was on a walk with my wife and she asked me what I wanted for my birthday.

After thinking about it, I said I wanted to go away to the beach for a weekend without the kids. I added that I wanted to be intimate with her in a new way, I told her that I wanted to experience oral sex (never had been on the receiving end) while we were there. Her reply is still burned into my memory, it was "That isn't going to happen and please don't ever bring it up again". I wasn't surprised and shook it off like it was no big deal. But inside I was a little hurt and a little angry. (not anymore)

That was the turning point for me, and that day I decided I was going to have to do something to get my needs met, but I didn't know what. 

The thought of seeing a prostitute was intriguing, but that wasn't for me. I was smart enough not to get involved with any of the women that made it clear to me that I could have them if I wanted them. Deep down I knew I needed to get my cock sucked and I was now officially on the hunt! 

It wasn't long after that I found a certain magazine in the trash bin at one of my retail stores. It was full of advertisements for strip clubs, prostitutes and sensual massage providers.

I didn't have Internet yet and didn't really know what was out there so I was quite intrigued to say the least. One ad for massage caught my eye and I can still see it in my mind to this day. It had a picture of a gal bending over and smelling some flowers, she had a very nice behind and you couldn't see her face. I memorized the phone number and tossed the magazine. A couple days later I got up the nerve to call the number, she didn't answer and the voice I heard really got my attention. She was obviously from another country and had the most sexy voice and accent I have ever heard. Funny to admit, but I chickened out and didn't leave a message. I have chill bumps right now just thinking about it!

I thought about that voice for well over a year until I finally decided that I was going to take the plunge and leave a message. This time when I called (November 2002) she answered the phone! I could barely talk . . . seems so silly to think about it now. I don't recall much about that conversation other than thinking this woman has the sexiest voice I have ever heard and that I wanted to meet her. I set up an appointment for a couple of days away, Thursday November 7th @ 10AM. When I hung up the phone I was shaking. Little did I know that my life would never be the same after November 7th 2002.

I could hardly sleep the night before and all I could think about was what might or might not happen. What would we talk about? How old was she? What did she look like?

The day finally came and I got there early to make sure and find her place and a parking spot. She had a condo on 23rd, it was #207. I was nervous so I decided to take a walk around the block and use the bathroom at a coffee shop. Leaving the coffee shop and walking along Overton street I noticed a beautiful woman with a little white dog on a leash.

She was wearing a long tan coat and I remember her white stockings with black high heels. The way she walked reminded me of one of those runway models in fashion shows.

I caught her eye and she smiled saying "Hello" and in an instant I recognized that voice. It was all I could do not to stare and keep walking, I thought my legs were going to give out.

Fifteen minutes later I knocked on the door of #207 and guess who answered? Yep! Only now she wasn't wearing the long coat and she still had on the high heels.

I didn't know it at the time, but I was face to face with a "White Tigress" 

She was wearing a short skirt and a tank type top that didn't cover her tummy. I couldn't help but notice her large breasts, but her face is what I remember the most. Her lips were perfect and her eyes were steel gray. She has a long face with high cheek bones. I was so nervous that I didn't know what to say.

Not sure how I got there but soon we were sitting on her couch sharing a glass of water. She looked at my hands and said she could tell I was a working man.

She wanted to know what brought me to her and how she could best please. I told her the story of asking my wife for oral sex and my wife's response.

After listening to my story, she smiled and said something like "Well today is your lucky day Mister" She slipped to the floor and was now on her knees facing me.

She slowly rubbed her hands up and down my legs and each time she would get closer to my crotch. She worked her way up to my zipper and slowly pulled it down.

By this time my dick was as hard as a rock (it's hard right now writing this too) She worked her hand inside my pants and started rubbing me and squeezing me with two fingers. Then she said in that Oh so sexy voice "take off your belt and let that monster out" My hands were shaking but I got it done!

Now my cock was free and she pulled my pants and underwear down to my ankles. She then did something that surprised me a bit.

She started tugging on my balls and she told me how much she liked to see them nice and tight. (I later found out that she has a testicle fetish)

Nibbling on them and then taking one at a time into her mouth, It tickled and it was driving me crazy! She slowly worked her way up my shaft and started licking the head of my cock, after what seemed like a long time she finally took just my bulb into her mouth. The only negative to having my balls and cock sucked was that I couldn't listen to her sexy voice. By this time I have been at her place for about a half an hour and I can feel it building, I know it is not going to take long for me to cum, as I am so completely turned on and lost in the moment. Then she does it, she takes in about half of me and starts really sucking away, I remember thinking just how loud she was.

Right before I was ready to shoot she stops and says "I know you are ready and I want you to fill my mouth" That was it for me and as soon as she went back down I came, and came.

I came so much that it shot out of her mouth and went all over, she looked a little surprised and I was too. A little bit was running down her chin and she just kept on sucking away.

To my surprise my cock stayed hard. (the one and only time that has ever happened) She didn't stop and got even more aggressive, she had my balls in one hand with her other around the base of my shaft while her head just kept going up and down. It didn't take long and I came again! The feeling of the second one was shorter and more intense with not as much cum as the first.

So there I am, with my pants down to my ankles and cum all over. She brings over a towel and cleans us up a bit. Then she tells me to get undressed and lay face down on the bed for my massage. I was a little dazed and did as she requested. She used warm oil and started at my feet and worked her way up, she knew what she was doing and it felt good. When she got to my ass she really worked it and made sure to reach down and rub on the boys a bit. When she got to my back things felt a little different and I realized that she was rubbing her big tits all over me. She must have gotten undressed while I was laying face down waiting. After about 30 minutes she whispers in my ear "roll over big boy" and of course I do and what a view I got. She is now nude and she starts working on my chest. She got behind my head and leaned over me so that her big tits were right in my face. She reaches all the way down and grabs my cock and strokes my cock a few times. To my surprise I am half erect and on my way up again.

My dick is kinda aching as she slides herself over the top of me and takes it into her mouth again. Now we are in the classic 69 position with her pussy hovering above my face.

What a view! I could see her ass and her pussy, when I lifted my head I could look down and watch her suck my cock while her big tits hung there, her nipples brushing against tummy.

This time she did a lot of stroking with her hands in between sucking. She was saying things like "be a good boy and squirt for me" and "give me more" 

She lowered herself onto my face and I tasted her sweet pussy, when I found her clit I sucked on it a bit and that is when she said "keep doing that pleeeeaaaaase!"

I didn't stop and she came pretty fast, I was having a little harder time but the 3rd one came for me and it almost hurt it felt so good. I was completely spent.

She finished the massage and then I took a quick shower. When I left I told her I would be back and her reply was "I know you will". 

I left her place and I was still in a euphoric state of mind. I remember thinking how tender my dick was going down the stairs and not really believing what just happened.

I was smitten for sure and it wasn't just because of the sexual part of our get together, I can only describe it as magical.

There was something special about this girl and I intended to find out what it was. Over the next months and years I would come to know all about her, maybe even more than I really wanted to. She was an aristocrat from a very wealthy European country (read filthy rich) she spoke several languages and was licensed to practice law in at least three countries.

She is a mom and was even at one time a model for a prominent men's magazine. More than all that, she was a sensualist. I became very fond of her and am thankful for the relationship that formed between us. Nothing lasts forever and our affair had to end when she left the country to attend to family business. I am not the same after knowing her . . .