 A little background one myself. I'm an urologist working at a clinic in the Cleveland area and truth be told I have a bit of a fetish for large penises. I could have specialized in all sorts of fields but I chose one for reasons that weren't entirely unselfish although I truly am concerned about the male penis. Most penises I see are average, bland and unarousing as far as I'm concerned. When you see as many as I do they generally all look the same. Generally, but not entirely.

There came a time in my life when I was between romances and decided to have a little fun. I found a gentleman online who was in his 30's, a lawyer and according to his bio, 11 inches long. Wow. We exchanged messages for a few days and he sent me a dick pic to confirm his claim and unless the pic was a fake he looked to be in the 11 inch range. Besides just loving big dicks I'm also a very oral person and his dick looked clean and well shaped. I could definitely seem myself swallowing it.

We met up for dinner and he was exactly as advertised; tall, handsome and well groomed. If this was going to be a one night stand it was looking like a night to remember. A doctor and a lawyer could make a formidable couple if there was more to this relationship. At one point in the conversation I made a subtle reference to his member and he laughed it off. He admitted that not everyone appreciates what he has and he hoped I would be ok with it.

We got back to his apartment and it was clear his law practice was going well because it was gorgeous. Not just gorgeous but immaculately maintained. This could be a keeper. Jim brought out some wine and within minutes we were kissing. Jim started telling me that one of his regrets was that no woman could take his dick entirely and I warned him that I was probably not going to be the one to break that streak. He told me that he liked to get things out in the open up front, before sex, so everyone was on the same page. This was a very healthy attitude. Then he revealed himself to me.

Now let me tell you something and this is coming from someone whose professional career involves seeing dicks. The average dick is smaller than most people think. Another thing is that that men in pornography are just a small sample of the guys with large penises. A vast majority of guys with large cocks do not choose to go into porn and there are guys with dicks larger than any porn star whom you never see. I have heard from other doctors stories of guys who have serious issues of excessive size but in all the years I've been practicing medicine I have only seen a couple larger than Jim. These larger guys would literally rival a horse (I used to ride quite a bit when I was younger) but Jim was definitely way way to the right on the bell curve.

Jim asked if I'd ever seen one his size and I did tell him that in my profession I had but he was among the biggest and appeared not to be exaggerating his size (unlike most porn stars). He was thick, tidy and extremely long. He clearly enjoyed my reaction and although I've seen bigger this would be the biggest I had actually handled (at that point in my life). Jim told me that he always regretted that he couldn't go balls deep in a vagina and enjoyed oral because he occasionally found a girl who could deepthroat his cock. It was rare but Jim was clearly a guy who got a lot of sex. We decided to stick to oral this first time out and see how things go later on.

I was the first to receive and Jim was amazingly giving. Looking back now he was clearly trying to accumulate some credit for things to come. Not only was Jim willing to go with no limits but he knew just how to give me the greatest pleasure. I was absolutely in heaven when Jim whispered in my ear asking me if I'd ever been face fucked before. Here is where I did something monumentally stupid. I had never heard the term face fucked before and I simply was not in my right mind at the moment. I simply went under the assumption that face fucking was a crude way to say oral or blowjob and gave an enthusiastic yes. In my state of mind I really wanted to pay Jim back and simply didn't consider why he would use the term face fuck. Jim seemed really delighted which should have been an obvious warning sign since a guy like Jim would have no problem getting oral sex.

It came time to compensate Jim for all his hard work. I started to get down to take care of his cock but Jim asked me to lie on my back on the bed. He had me lay so that my head was off the bed and he stood over me with his huge cock in my face. This was interesting but slightly concerning. I had always given blowjobs facing forward which left me in control unless some asshole grabbed the back of my head and pulled me in. In the position Jim put me in he was in control. On the other hand it allowed his dick to more easily slide down my throat since it was now a straight shot. I trusted Jim even though I felt a bit awkward and vulnerable.

I put some spit on Jim dick and then laid on my back with my head hanging over the side. He was very slowly pushing his dick into my mouth and it was a real challenge because of the thickness. I had to psyche myself up and try to relax. We kept working it until I had about 7 inches in and his head was working itself well down my throat past my neck. I could feel a bulge in my neck from his fat cock and figured I might have a sore throat tomorrow.

Jim was very careful and I couldn't have managed it better myself. He pulled his dick out of my mouth, leaned down and asked if I was ready to be face fucked. Again, I was an idiot. What in the world were we doing if not face fucking? Was there more? Like an idiot I gave him an mmmm hmmm response. Tell me yes he replied and I gave him the verbal response. His dick went back in my mouth, back down and we were right back in the position we were before I gave my verbal response. Here goes, said Jim, and he jammed his dick all the way down my throat. 11 inches in and you can imagine how deeply it penetrated my body. His balls hit me gently in the nose and he held my head in place. 

Here is the situation. Jim can't see my face because of the position he's in and I can barely see him around his thick cock other than to see he was arching his head back. I just gave verbal consent to something I wasn't prepared for and Jim was doing exactly what I naively told him he could. Jim was thrusting in and out with reckless abandon. The thought in my head was, oh my God, he's fucking my face. He's fucking my face like my mouth were a cunt. There was no chance even to gag as he drove it down my throat over and over again. I swear it felt like he was hitting me in the lungs and he may very well have been doing just that. The sounds coming out of my cannot be reproduced in written form but it didn't sound like something I ever imagined myself capable of. Some kind of gurgly animal sounds.

I was literally stunned to the point of near paralysis. His huge cock was thrusting again and again and all I could think about was that my face was a pussy and I was getting fucked by a horse hung beast. I had been reduced to a vagina. Over and over again he drove into my mouth as his balls continued to bounce off my nose in what had to be the most undignified moment of my life. I was no longer a dignified, trained doctor. I was a fuck face, a cunt mouth. It felt like I was being choked internally and I just hoped to ride it out. Finally, I could feel him holding my head tighter as he pushed in as far as possible and ejaculated hard into my esophagus. I could literally feel the cum being expelled and he was practically shooting it directly into my stomach. After a few shudders from his cock he removed it and sat down next to me.

Jim told me I was fucking amazing but I was a disheveled mess and felt like crap. The whole experience lasted less than 15 seconds but I was left choking with tears in my eyes. Not from crying but just from the intensity of the event. Jim put his arm around me and told me he would make me some desert. I declined as my throat hurt and quite frankly he had dumped a hell of a load of cum into my stomach. Even if I were the kind of girl to spit rather than swallow I would never have had a chance. He was right down in there depositing his seed directly in my belly.

I took the blame. I was stupid but I endured the event and hopefully it gave Jim a lot of pleasure. I spent some moments the next morning looking at myself in the mirror and considering that my face was now just a cunt to be fucked. I couldn't see Jim after that. I just couldn't look him in the eyes after becoming his fuck face. My face was his dick holster and I would leave it at that. At least I can say that I managed to take an 11 inch cock fully. It's just that I took it in my secondary cunt.