 Karen and I had met on line and had been exchanging emails for some time now. While we hadn't even chatted, let alone met or talked on the phone, we were becoming friends. We were both married and heading into uncharted waters, but she expressed such warmth and tenderness, that I felt very comfortable communicating with her. Our marriages were in a rut and neither of our spouses was willing to acknowledge that the spark had faded, let alone do anything about it. The prospect of an extramarital affair was exciting to us both. Although neither of us wanted to end our respective marriages, we each needed to fill the sexual voids in our lives. 

After exchanging emails for a while, we decided to take a big step and meet for a simple, no-strings lunch. As I was driving to our "date," my nerves were in turmoil. I thought, "What if there is no chemistry? I haven't even heard this woman's voice. What if she thinks I'm a jerk?" Then I thought back to those things I had learned about her from the emails. She had expressed herself as a warm, loving and sensual woman. I started to relax, realizing that even if there weren't any chemistry, lunch would be fun and the friendship would continue. 

When we met at the restaurant, I was taken aback by her loveliness. Like many people, she was a bit heavier than she probably wanted to be, but she carried it well. She was dressed in business attire, her make-up was impeccable, her eyes were radiant and her smile was stunning. Instantly, I was nervous all over again. "What does this beautiful creature think of me?" I thought. But my apprehension quickly faded when she took my hand, lightly shook it and said, "Ed, it's so nice to finally meet you." I was so relieved; everything was going to be all right. Even if the relationship never went any further than this lunch, I was confident it would be a fun lunch. And it was. We laughed and talked about family, work, our childhoods and more. This woman captivated me, with her voice, her mannerisms and her laugh. In no time at all the hour was over and we had to leave. 

As we walked to our cars, I wondered if I should attempt to kiss her or not. Those lips had been tantalizing me all throughout lunch. In the end though, discretion won out. Neither of us could afford any public displays of affection. Besides, I knew that one kiss would never be enough and I still didn't know how she felt. We shook hands and parted, agreeing to continue our correspondence by email.

Our online communication continued, but now it meant even more to me. In one note I sent her, I mentioned how tempted I was to kiss her in the parking lot after lunch. She replied, "I wish you would have. I wanted you to." Upon reading this, I got up from my desk, went over to the door to my office and started banging my head against it. Three words kept going through my mind; 'coulda, shoulda and woulda'. I thought, "I could've kissed her. I should've kissed her. She would've liked me kissing her." When I was finished banging my head against the door, I went back to my computer and read the rest of her note. She was suggesting another lunch and said, "This time leave the afternoon open so that we can spend more time together." Did she mean what I hoped she meant? Maybe not, we could easily spend the entire afternoon just sitting and talking and laughing. That prospect was enticing as well, so I quickly replied, "Just say when and where."

As I drove to our next lunch date, I wondered what the day would hold. I wasn't nervous this time. Even if things went no further than last time, I was certain it would be a good afternoon. When I saw her in the restaurant foyer, I couldn't help but notice that she looked even better than the last time. When we greeted each other and shook hands, Karen said, "I'm not really hungry. Would you like to go somewhere a little more private?" "Sounds good to me. You lead and I'll follow," was my reply.

As I was following her, I was curious as to what she had in mind. I didn't have to wonder for long. She pulled into the parking lot of an out-of-the-way, cheap, little motel. I silently said, "Thank you Jesus, thank you." I parked the car, jumped out and hustled over to the office and got a room. As I was returning to my car, she was giggling at me, apparently enjoying my enthusiasm. I motioned for her to follow me and we drove around back to the entrance to our room. I had a bottle of wine in my car, 'just in case,' and brought it with me to the room. When we entered, we were both a little nervous at what we were about to do. 

We sat on the sofa, enjoyed a bit of wine and laughed and talked for I don't know how long. Then there was a lull in the conversation and our eyes met. We both instinctively came together for a kiss. It was a soft and closed mouth kiss at first. I sucked the edge of her bottom lip in between my lips and gently nibbled on it, and then we were kissing some more. Slowly I started to kiss her face, from the corner of her mouth, along her cheek to the little spot behind her ear and then back to her mouth again. Our kisses were becoming more passionate and suddenly, our mouths opened and our tongues met. My hands were massaging her sides, shoulders and back. We were both carrying on like two teenagers in the backseat of Dad's Chevy. Time seemed to standstill as we enjoyed each other's taste. I leaned back momentarily and gazed at her. Her mouth was slightly open with a seductive smile and her eyes were somewhat glazed over. I could see the fire smoldering in her as I gently started to rub her tummy. Then we were at it again, kissing each other's lips and cheeks. 

Eventually I slid my lips down under her chin and started kissing her there. Her breathing became more ragged and her chest seemed to rise and swell. I continued kissing down her neck and brought my hand up along her ribcage until I was rubbing that area just below her breasts. As I kissed my way down her neck to her chest, she instinctively reached up and undid the top few buttons of her blouse and then I kissed and nibbled and sucked my way into that heavenly valley between her breasts. The sides of her breasts were pushing out from the bra and I kissed and nibbled on each. Her breathing was heavy and she started to moan and as she did, I kissed my way back up her chest and neck to her lips. We were in a passionate lip-lock and I moved my hand up and palmed her breast. She groaned and pushed her chest out into my hand. We were kissing each other like crazy again, all over each other's face. Then I leaned back and gazed again into her eyes. She knew what to do and reached up and undid the rest of her blouse and freed her breasts from the bra. 

When I saw them, my eyes bugged out. Those were not porn star tits, but rather big, hanging, natural tits, with thick, dark nipples surrounded by wide areolas. I leaned in and kissed her again, as my hand enveloped her naked tit and I felt the nipple stiffen between my fingers. We were kissing passionately now, hard, wet kisses. Her tit felt wonderful and the nipple seemed to be throbbing. I bent my head down, lightly kissed her nipple and she moaned her approval. 

"Take it into your mouth . . . suck my boob."

I then took her tit into my mouth, as much of it as I could, and gently sucked. My hands were on her back, pressing her chest into my face. Her hands were on my head pulling me to her breast. I slowly pulled my mouth off until only the nipple was between my lips. As I softly sucked and flicked it with my tongue, she shuddered and sighed. 

"Oh yes . . . oh my god yes . . . bite it . . . suck and bite my nipple, pleeeeease."

And I did. I sucked and lightly bit on that turgid hunk of flesh. As I increased the pressure of the sucking and biting, her body started to stiffen. She took a sharp intake of breath and hissed, "ohhhhhhh . . . that's soooo gooood . . . aaaahhhhhh."

She shook for a few moments and then her body relaxed. I thought to myself, "Did she just orgasm from having her nipple sucked?" Talk about responsive; this was one hot woman. 

I released her nipple and then we were kissing again. We were both rubbing each other's bodies and groaning in pleasure. I had to taste more of her. I kissed my way down her neck, her chest and her tummy as I slid to my knees. She knew what was coming and instinctively parted her legs. I slid her skirt up and started kissing the insides of her thighs. She was wearing pantyhose, but that didn't matter; I could taste her thighs through the hose. My hands were rubbing and feeling the curves along her hips, tummy and sides of her breasts as I worked my way towards her center. I placed my mouth over her panty-covered cunt and sucked. She moaned loudly and rocked her hips up to my face. 

"Oh yes . . . eat me . . . please eat me."

I had to taste more and reached both hands down between her legs, grabbed the pantyhose and savagely ripped them apart. As I moved her panties to the side, the sight of her wet, glistening cunt greeted me. I slowly licked the length of her slit back and forth and started taking her lips into my mouth and sucking on them. She was gasping for air and moaning loudly and pulling my head to her. My hands were roaming all over her body. I licked between her lips and dipped my tongue into her. She gasped and humped my face hard. I slid my tongue up her slit and kissed her hooded clitoris. Suddenly the hood pulled back and her clit appeared. As I took it into my mouth and sucked, she started gyrating and whimpering. 

"That's it . . . that's the spot . . . don't stop."

But I went back to dipping my tongue into her and then running it up her slit and sucking on her clit, back and forth, over and over, bringing her to the edge of orgasm. She clamped her thighs around my head and started screaming profanely, "Oh fuck . . . I'm soooo close . . . make me cum, you bastard . . . make me come."

As she's crying out in pleasure, I brought a hand down and slid my middle finger into her and started massaging the inside of her wonderful pussy. She tensed more and I took my cue and sucked her clit into my mouth, flicking the tip with my tongue and searching for her G-spot with my finger. I found it just as she started to shake and I gently rubbed it. She exploded into orgasm and drenched my fingers and face with her juice. 

"That's it . . . Jesus fucking Christ, that's it . . . ohhhhhhhh."

She tasted divine and I continued sucking and rubbing her until the shaking stopped. As her movements calmed down, she freed my head from the grip of her thighs and hands. After I removed my mouth from her clit, I lay my head on her hips and gently kissed her mound. After a few moments, I sat up and leaned in and kissed her. She could taste herself on me and she loved it. She pulled back, looked me in the eyes and said, "I need you in me and I need it now." 

I stood and helped her to her feet. As we moved to the bed, we were kissing and undressing each other. Once we had shed our clothes, we embraced and reveled in the feeling of our naked bodies pressed together. She released me, sat on the edge of the bed and bent over to take me into her mouth. I pulled her head back up and kissed her, telling her, "Not now honey. You've got me so worked up that I'm going to cum much too quickly. I need to shoot inside of you while you're cumming." 

We lay upon the bed and began kissing and feeling each other up. I moved to my knees between her legs and bent down to taste her again. As I did she started moaning, "No, no . . . I need you to fuck me." Her language had become totally obscene now. She grabbed my hair and pulled my head up and told me, "Just fuck me, god dammit just fuck me." 

I rose up, held her hands and started to rub my dick up and down her slit. She was humping madly, trying to get me inside of her. She shouted at me, "Put it in, will you, you bastard . . . oh god please stick your cock in my cunt and fuck me." 

I dipped the head into her and stopped there, basking in the feeling. She was trying to pull me completely into her, but I had other plans. I wanted to bring her to the brink of orgasm and plunge fully into her when the shaking started. I continued alternating between rubbing my length along her slit and dipping the head inside her. She started whimpering, "give it to me . . . fill me up . . . deeper."

It didn't take long before she began to cum. Just as she started shaking, I slammed into her fully and held it there. She jerked her hands from mine and hugged me tightly, digging her nails into my back.

"Ohhh godddd . . . it's so hard . . . sooo deep."

I reached between us and tugged on her nipples. Slowly I slid out of her until just the head remained inside, and then slammed fully back into her. I repeated this several times and each time I pounded into her she screamed and shook. She was crying now, gasping for air and whining, "Ohhh I'mmm cummminnnng . . . I cannnn't stop cuuummminnnng . . . aahhhhh."

Eventually I started pounding her faster and in short order I reached my peak. "Oh shit . . . ohhhhh my god . . . Karennnnn . . . I'm cummmmming." I started shooting and she went ballistic. We were both experiencing mind blowing orgasms. When all the shaking and trembling stopped, we both collapsed in each other's arms. 

As we both relaxed and caught our breath, we started to chuckle at how exhausted we were. She kissed me lightly and said, "that was sooo good . . . so good I thought I was going to pass out. I don't think I ever came so hard for so long. At least if I did, I don't remember it. You were wonderful." 

I told her, "You just bring out the animal in me."

"I guess so," was her reply.

Eventually we were sitting up, sipping wine and laughing and talking again. After a while our eyes met and we started kissing and fondling each other. As my dick started to harden once more, she said, "I don't know if I can take another fucking like that last one. I'm going to have trouble walking as it is."

"Well, it's only 3 o'clock and we both have a couple of hours until we have to be home. I don't know if I can give you another fucking like that last one, but we're gonna find out. Maybe we'll take it slow and leisurely this time. What do you say babe, you wanna saddle up and rock on me for a while?"

As she started to straddle me, she sighed and said, "Oh god, here we go again."