 "So, where's the weirdest place you've done it?" I heard Dan ask. I didn't know how we got into the topic of our sexual histories when we were supposed to be studying for a chemistry exam we had the next morning, but I didn't mind. Studying was getting tedious, and this was fun, not to mention arousing. I looked around the library to see if anyone else had heard Dan's question. It was late on a Sunday night, and there were not many people around.

"I guess it would have to be on the hood of a car in the parking lot of my high school during homecoming," I replied after I was convinced no one was eavesdropping. While I recalled the experience in my mind, I felt myself getting more turned on, and become acutely aware of my physical attraction to Dan. "How about you? Where's the weirdest place you've done it?"

"Ugh, I've only done it in a bed," He finally replied after not answering for a long time. I smiled at him as I saw him blush; I didn't mean to embarrass him. I could feel my not so innocent desires beginning to take control.

"Why don't we change that?" I said to him with a smile. It was my turn to blush now.

"What?"

"Come on let's do it in the bathroom right now. There's hardly anyone around. No one will catch us." He just looked at me with a stunned expression, and I thought for a moment or two that he might not go for it.

I hadn't been with a guy since I broke up with my exboyfriend a few months before. I was very attracted to Dan, and had been fantasizing about being with him since the first day of school when we met. He stood around 6'2", and was kind of skinny. He had short sandy blonde hair, and I thought he was a good-looking guy. He was 19, and your typical young male. 

I felt relieved when he finally smiled, and started packing up his books. I took his hand and lead him to the girl's bathroom, in the back corner. No one was around. We put down our backpacks, and went into a stall locking the door.

There was an awkward silence at first, so I kissed him. It was so nice to have his lips finally against mine. I felt his hands roaming down my back and then affixing themselves on my ass. After awhile I reached down and unzipped his pants. He was half erect when I took him in my mouth. He got fully hard quickly. I pulled off my panties from underneath my skirt, hanging them on a hook inside the stall. He sat on top of the toilet with the lid closed, and his pants around his ankles. I faced him and then straddled his lap. He was kind of big, and I thought since it had been so long for me that I might not be ready for him. However, I was really wet at this point, mostly from the novelty of my blatant proposition to Dan. I wrapped my hand around his member and guided him toward my entrance. I moaned in exquisite pleasure as he easily slide inside my wet sex. It had been too long. I rode him, grinding my clit against his pubic bone. Surprisingly, I came only after a few minutes. I wanted to moan loudly, but I made myself silent as possible not wanting anyone to hear us.

After I calmed down from my climax, I pulled myself off of him telling him we should change positions. He was going to have to do the work the rest of the way. I stood over the toilet with my hands against the back wall. He entered me from behind. God, his cock felt so good filling up from behind like that. He pumped away, pushing himself in and out of me. He lifted up my blouse and gently pinched my nipples as he fucked me in the bathroom stall. Starting to feel excited again, I reached between my legs, and began to touch myself while he pounded me.

When I heard the bathroom door open I thought he would stop not wanting to get caught, but he just kept on going. I could hear the person's footsteps and another stall door open. I felt my excitement level kick up a notch knowing there was someone right next to us. Then, suddenly, Dan began grunting and moaning. He was going shoot his load with someone else in the bathroom. 

I continued to finger my clit with more force. Dan grabbed onto my hips, pulling me completely into him as he came inside me. Just as he was finishing, I had my second orgasm. We just stood there, with Dan's arms wrapped around me, trying to catch our breath. In the meantime we heard the person leave the stall then using the sink to wash her hands. If she had heard something, then she didn't let on, but I figured there was no way she couldn't have. Once she left, we started giggling hysterically.

I spent most of that night at Dan's apartment, and needless to say, I was sore the next morning.