 This story is pretty much true as written. 

My name is Amber. I am 29 years old and for the past six months I have been "dating" a guy named Keith. Dating does not really describe what we do, as we have a somewhat unique relationship. Keith likes me being his big tit slut and I like being his slut, so when we are together, that is what I am. I dress the way he wants me to dress, in public and in private, and he uses me for his sexual pleasure whenever, wherever and however he chooses. In return, he foots the bill for whatever we spend together and he treats me with gentleness and respect in public. In private, while he treats me like a sex object when he want me as one, which is the way I like it, we have a great relationship and get along great. We both have our own apartments and have lives away from each other. I am a slut only with Keith and have sex only with Keith or whomever Keith tells me to have sex with, which has happened a few times. This is a story of my first night with Keith.

I am very shy and introverted, and have been this way my whole life. Around men I have little confidence and am very insecure. I am not sure why I am like this; as I love men, love being the attention of a man and love giving pleasure to a man. I especially love to give head and have my mouth used for the pleasure of my man. When I am on my knees between a man's legs sucking his cock I feel the most fulfilled as a woman. I also think I am darn good at it. I am very orgasmic and it does not take much to get me to cum. I cum nearly every time, and at the exact moment, that a man cums in my mouth. I do not really ever need a man to do much to get me to cum. Just using me for his pleasure and his getting off, is generally sufficient. I also prefer to be used and fucked versus being made love to. It always seems so awkward afterward when men try to get all lovey dovey, but so clean and final when the sex is done and there is no emotions getting in the way. It actually feels more honest for me when the man comes and is done with me. What can I say, I am a little messed up, which is why my arrangement with Keith is perfect.

What I am not good at is going out and meeting men. Almost every man I meet comes through my work as an x-ray technician at a sports medicine facility. 90% of the people coming to the office are men and I get to spend some alone time with each of them as I do their x-rays. At work I wear a blue smock, which is not what anyone would call attractive, however, I have a very distinct body, which the smock can hardly hide. I have always had a rather large chest, EE cup, which gets me a lot of attention and flirting from my clients. The rest of me is generally well proportioned; I am curvy in all the right places, but my tits are what EVERYONE notices first about me. Maybe my bust size is nature's way of helping me over my insecurity. My tits are like giant lures bringing men to me so I don't have to be outgoing and witty. I also do not have many female friends, so no one to really confide in. Writing down some of my stories for the Literotica readers is my sort of therapy helping me work through who I am the way I am and why I do the things I do. Reading the adventures of other girls who have similar lives to mine is very reassuring. Would appreciate any feedback from readers on my stories or my lifestyle. Hope you like them.

Keith was a patient at my clinic. He had come in for a sprained ankle he got playing in a pick-up basketball game at the YMCA. He was 35 years old and newly separated from his wife. He was very well built and clearly spent considerable time in the gym. What most attracted me to him was his confidence. He acted like he was a long lost friend and bantered non-stop with me. He even made a joke that my breast size was due to all the radiation I must absorb. He had me blushing several times. When the x-ray was over he told me he wanted to see me again, so we made a date for Friday night. He told me I needed to come up with an outfit a bit more flattering to my figure, than my smock. We both laughed.

For our date I decided to wear a mid-thigh length black skirt with a pink silk blouse. Under the blouse I wore a pink, lace, demi-cut bra, which, with my top three buttons undone, showed off just a little more than the right amount of my ample cleavage, without being too over the top. My breasts dominate no matter what outfit I wear, so I try to show them off to the best advantage. I wore a pink g-string that matched my bra under my skirt and a pair of 2" black heels. I had my hair and nails done at the salon, with my nails pink to match my outfit and wore makeup with pink lip-gloss, which I never wear to work. I was looking as pretty and sexy as I could muster for my first date with Keith.

He came to my door to pick me up right on time at 7:00 and the look on his face when he saw me made me feel even more sexy and special. His first words, after a huge smile were, "Wow, you look amazing!" He gave me a hello kiss on the lips and stepped back to admire me, from top to bottom. It was not hard to notice the long look my cleavage got, nor did he try to hide it much. "Ready to go," he said. He was a perfect gentleman with me, opened the door to his Lexus for me and closed it behind me, opened doors for me, pulled my chair out at the restaurant. I was feeling very comfortable with Keith. We had a nice meal, drank some wine and got to know each other. I told him a little about how shy I was and how I like the man to take a leadership role with me in a relationship. When we were waiting for the valet to bring the car around he put his arm around me and pulled me to him and whispered in my ear what a great time he was having with me. His lips and breath on my ear sent shivers down my body and I felt myself getting wet between the legs.

He drove me back to my apartment and walked me to the door. I looked up at him expectantly, for a goodbye kiss, although I was hoping the night would never end. Keith put his arms around me and pulled me close. He took his right hand and put it under my hair on the left side of my head, cupped my head and pulled me into his mouth as he kissed me deeply. His tongue explored my mouth and dominated me. I was powerless to resist him. He slid his left hand down my back and onto my ass and pulled my pelvic region into his already very hard cock. He was in complete control of me now and I was perfectly fine with this. He was clearly telling me he was not done with me yet. I had my first orgasm of the night outside my front door. "Are you going to invite me in?" he asked. All I could do was nod.

My apartment has a big picture window, which overlooks the pool and the central courtyard around the other apartments in my complex. As we came through the door and turned the light on I noticed the curtain to this window was wide open so I went over to close it. As I started to pull the curtain closed, Keith came up behind me and put his arms around me. He nuzzled his lips into my neck and ear and gently kissed me and told me how beautiful I was. He then moved his hands up and cupped my breasts and started kneading them and gently pinched my nipples. He told me he had been waiting to get his hands on my big breasts all night. He then began to unbutton each button of my blouse from the top down and when they were all undone, he pulled my blouse off me. After squeezing my breasts through my bra for a couple minutes, he unhooked it and pulled it from my body as well. Now I was standing in front of an open window, topless, with Keith playing with my tits from behind, for all my neighbors, who might happen to be watching, to see. Keith then reached down with his left hand to the bottom of my skirt, pulled it up to my panties, and started rubbing my clit. He pulled my g-string aside and pushed his middle finger up into my cunt. He was literally using my cunt as a handle and was pulling me back onto his rock hard cock. I could feel his desire pushing and rubbing against me and I reached my hand around to feel him. He was big and as hard as a rock. I was proud of the fact that it was me who caused this in him and that it was me he wanted so bad. I could barely stand as I leaned back against him with my legs slightly apart, my skirt pulled up and my tits on display in all their glory. I had my second orgasm of the night right there in the window for my neighbors to witness.

Keith then pulled back from me with a big smile on his face said, "aren't you going to show me your place?" He then took my hand and we walked around and I gave a tour of my apartment on wobbly knees, in my skirt and heels, with my big tits swaying and bouncing as we went. 

When we got back to the living room, Keith took his shirt off and pulled me in close to him again and kissed me hard. He put his hands on my ass under my skirt and pulled me against his erection. He then took my hand and placed it on his cock. He whispered in my ear, "I want you to suck my cock. That is what you want too, isn't it?" I just looked at him and nodded. He said, "Tell me what you want." I looked down and mumbled "I want to suck you cock." He said, "Look at me when you say that." "I want to suck your cock," I said, as I looked at this determined face. He then put his hands on my shoulders and gently guided me to a sitting position on the couch. I was still rubbing his cock through his pants, and as he looked me in the eye, he unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and pulled his pants and underwear off. I was face to face with the most beautiful, thick 8" cock I had ever seen. "Suck my cock," he said.

How did Keith know me so well after only a short time together? He knew whom I was and what I was and how to get me to do what we both wanted. I wanted to suck his dick so bad and he instinctively knew it.

I put a hand on each of his thighs, parted my lips and slowly pushed my mouth around his big cock. It was so thick, it took a few strokes to adjust to its girth, but I quickly mastered it size and worked to give Keith the greatest blowjob he had ever had in his life. I looked him in the eye as I moved my mouth in and out on his dick. I cupped his big balls with my right hand as I sucked and stroked. I could tell this was not going to take long as Keith gently put his hands on each side of my head and as more and more pre-come was flowing out of his cock, he began to thrust his dick into of my mouth. At some point, I was not longer giving him head, but rather, he was fucking my mouth. Not too hard; but he was using my mouth for his enjoyment and I was enjoying being used. I could tell he was ready to come and he said to me "I am going to cum and I want to cum in your mouth." With a mouth full of cock, I looked at him and said "mmky." He said, "I can't hear you, where do you want me to cum?" I pulled my mouth off his cock and looked up at him and said, "I want you to cum in my mouth, I want to swallow your semen and I want it now. Please cum in my mouth!"

With that I put his dick back in my mouth and worked to finish him. Within a few strokes, he tensed up; gripped my head harder and began emptying his load into my waiting mouth.

When I am going to swallow a man's cum, I like to have the end of the cock just inside my lips. That way, as the cum is pumping into my mouth, I can better manage the swallowing. Keith was holding my head and had his cock pretty much all the way to the back of my mouth, near my throat, which made swallowing difficult, if not impossible. On top of this little dilemma, as Keith started to cum in my mouth I had the third orgasm of the night and it just kept on coming, wave after wave as I was taking Keith's gift. His first pump of seed was very big, and I handled that one OK, but the second shot was more than I could swallow. I tried to save the load until he was done and then swallow it all, but there was so much and Keith's dick was so far in my mouth, his cum started dripping down each side of my mouth. I just let him hold my head and empty his balls into my mouth and tried to keep as much in my mouth as possible. He seemed to cum forever and filled my mouth with more cum than I have ever experienced. When he was done cumming, he kept his cock in my mouth for a half-minute or so, so I still could not get a good swallow going. With his dick still in my mouth, he told me that was the greatest blowjob he ever had. (Mission accomplished ☺) 

Keith pulled his dick out of my mouth and I swallowed what was left in my mouth, which was still quite a bit. I must have been quite a sight. There I was sitting on my couch, topless, with my legs spread and my pussy and couch soaked from my orgasm. My once pink lips were now covered in white, sticky cum, which was running down my lower lip and dripping off my chin onto my tits. I leaned back to catch my breath. Keith looked down at me and said "what a beautiful picture," and then he pulled his iPhone out and took a picture of me in all my slutty glory. He looked down at me and said, "I want to see you again. I will pick you up tomorrow at 1:00. We are going to the horse races, so wear something sexy." With that he pulled on his pants and shirt, leaned down and kissed me on the forehead and left. 

The perfect end to a perfect evening.