 My name is Ian and I am nineteen years old. I have been working for a big lawyer firm in the city for just under a year now. It was almost Christmas and I was eagerly anticipating my first office Christmas party. I'd heard the stories of the open bars and hot women everywhere. 

As I stood in line to get a drink a, woman behind me smiled at me when I turned around to look around for any of the few friends I had made. The woman was gorgeous looking even in her conservative suit that she was wearing. She was tall, beautiful silky hair, black rimmed glasses like a naughty librarian and a brilliant smile which set off her most succulent pouty lips. As we spoke my gaze betrayed me as I gave her the once over but she didn't seem to mind. I took a step closer toward and introduced myself to her.

"Hi I'm Ian, and you are?" I asked nervously.

"Hi I'm Anne Marie Jane but everyone just calls me AJ for short." She beamed back at me.

Her eyes were sparkling and her soft voice was heightening the feelings of nervous anticipation coursing through my body. We got our drinks and made our way to a table in a dark secluded corner of the room. We both enjoyed the lavish Lobster tail, fine wine and a rich chocolate truffle that tasted delicious as we sat there chatting getting to know each other.

We talked throughout the night and even danced a few times together on a crowded dance floor so we were dancing pretty close to each other. She invited me to an after party in another part of the building which I gladly accepted. I worked on the 6th floor and she on the 9th which is why we had never bumped into each other all the time I had been there.

"I wonder what the view is like from up there?" I asked her on the elevator ride up.

"Not much different than the view from the 5th floor." Another guy in the elevator sarcastically cracked before getting off at the next floor.

We arrived at the 9th floor and came into her office. As we stood at her office window gazing out into the city she leaned against me and tilted her head slight towards me. It was an invitation that I did not needed to be asked twice. Any hesitation on my part quickly dissipated with that first brush against her tender lips that ignited all of the tension that had been building up throughout the night as our lips met.

As I hungrily devoured her neck with nibbles and kisses wanton lust now possessing me. The energy of the kiss came flooding through her as a warm sensual glow began spreading on down her body making her cheeks flush and her pert nipples swell to attention. As we kissed, my hands roamed down her body over her ample breasts and caressed her nipples.

My cock now rapidly became erect, throbbing and pulsing with each beat of my accelerated heart beat and more rapid breathing. Damn, I wanted her right now! I could feel the heat of her body as my leg pressed up against hers. Wanton lust consumed me so such that I wanted to take her right on her desk.

As I pushed her back against the wall pinning her hands above her head I started nibbling her neck for a few moments before she pulled away from me.

"This is crazy, we shouldn't be doing this." She half moaned half cried out aloud.

"I suppose you're right I shouldn't be rubbing my hand against your clit, we shouldn't be kissing here in your office by the window. 

We shouldn't but doesn't this just seem so outrageously naughty?" I asked with a naughty smile on my lips.

"But I'm 10 years older than you and we're in different stages of life." She said still out of breath.

"Really, we're both single and neither one of us is necessarily looking for the person we're going to marry, why don't we just relax and enjoy each other's company." I said to her softly.

Just as she was about to protest I pulled her close and kissed her again, this time my kisses moved down her neck toward the shoulders with sensuous nibbles and bites as I ground my leg against her and ran my fingers through her hair. She almost instantly became aroused again, not that she has cooled off much from moments before. As she began to imagine all of the fun things we could do any thoughts of resistance began to subside as she surrendered to me.

A new found aggressiveness kicked in as she passionately started kissing back. My flimsy arguments aside, she was so turned that she wanted me and I began to imagine all of the fun things we could do. I moved and pulled her top up and over her head.

"Mmmmm nice" I said as I checked her out kissing my way to her nipples now pulling off her bra to suck on them, playfully kissing and biting at them.

I kissed his way down her body as my hands firmly grabbed her ass and gave it a playful smack. Her feelings of anticipation began to build at what was to come as I moved down into a squatting position with my head in line with her waist. I pulled her pants down, kissing her lacy panties and feeling the heat coming from her in anticipation as I guided her legs out of them.

AJ sat down on the table as I began to kiss her inner thighs. Her hips began writhing around in anticipation from my hot breath. I pulled her panties aside to get a little lick at the lips of her hairless pussy sending a shudder through her. I ran the width of my tongue against her with long slow strokes that felt incredible. I then pulled off her panties and her legs instinctively spread wider as she lay back on the table.

My tongue began lapping up and down against the lips of her inner labia and on her clit. My mouth pulled in even closer with my lips closing around her engorged clit as my tongue worked its magic against it. My mouth held her clit as my tongue rhythmically lapped against her velvety cunt the feeling on my tongue and the roof of my mouth was amazing as she could feel the energy beginning to build inside her.

She could feel the energy taking hold of her body as it pulsed through her with each rapid beat of her heart, with each breath that she took was more rapid as she focused on her clit. And then just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore a powerful orgasm rocked her body and came flooding right through her. 

Her thighs squeezed against my head as her hand held onto it, holding on for a wild ride as her hips thrust against my head with the contractions of her muscles that sent waves of pleasure cascading through her body. Gradually the contractions slowed down but it still felt really good as I gave AJ's pussy a few more laps of my tongue.

She reached up to unbutton my shirt, her hands running along my chest and dropped my pants to the ground. As she propped her head up, she could see my rock hard cock facing toward her in line with her still glistening pussy at the edge of the table. As I rubbed my cock up and down against her lips and clit teasing her I coated my cock with her juices as I got ready to thrust inside her.

"It's been a little while, go slow." AJ said 

I paused the head of my cock against the entrance to her pussy. 

It looked so erotic as it parted her pink lips as I penetrated her. I pulled back and slowly thrust toward again against her with short strokes to start with and she noticed each ridge inside of her vagina as my dick penetrated inside her. A big grin appeared on my face.

"You knew this was going to happen didn't you?" She asked with a twinkle in her eye.

"Well I thought there was a pretty good chance" I replied before slamming my cock deep inside her.

I firmly pulled her legs up toward my shoulders as my dick plunged deep inside all the way to the hilt. Her hands reached toward her clit while her pussy muscles clenched against my cock as the waves of pleasure shook her every time my cock pushed inside her. My thrusts rhythmically slamming into her with a ferocious passion as I leaned forward and allowed her legs to spread wide as my pelvic bone rocked against her clit and maintained a deep penetration.

As I rocked against her the energy began to build again allowing her to build up to another orgasm as the pressure of my cock ground against her. Her legs dropped to the ground as her feet rested against the floor. Her legs felt limp after having held themselves up in the air and she felt a pleasant relaxation as her body lay on the table.

I pulled out and leaned in to kiss and caress her tits alongside the table. But I wasn't done yet. While she was still feeling the pleasure glow from her orgasms I pulled her up to her feet and turned her around and admired her nice ass.

"Nice ass." I said as I firmly grabbed her buttocks.

I bent AJ over her table and she rested her weight against her hands. I reached down and touched her clit with my hand then rubbed my fingers against her and then on up onto her ass. Then I slid my cock into her once again, this time with one long deep stroke into her already wet pussy making her gasp aloud. My hands reached up to hold and caress her tits as my strokes went long and deep inside her.

With each thrust she began to notice the energy building up within her. The feelings of pleasure radiated through her as I continued to pound away inside her now comfortable and loose pussy with long smooth strokes. Gradually my tempo increased to a much faster urgency. As I thrust deep and hard inside her she cried out in pleasure. My hands grasping her hips and then I smacked her ass with a nice hard crack.

She could feel the hot sting of my smack on her ass followed by a tingle and lingering warmth. My thrusts had become almost violently intense now until I let out a loud cry as I began to cum really hard inside her. She began to feel my muscles start to twitch and my strokes got more and more urgent matching her own feelings of energy flowing through her body until at the same instant we both began to cum.

Her pussy muscles began contracting, tightening and milking my hot cum into her coating her inside as my dick began to float within her and I relaxed my body onto her back. I lingered inside her a little longer with a contented sigh until I stopped unloading my hot cum into her.

That was 2 years ago, she is now my wife and now we have a lovely little girl from that first night together and being as it was Christmas time that she was conceived we named her Holly.