 I'm Valerie and my husband is still Darrin, we meet back in July of '72 and got married in October of '72. Yes, it was a quick courtship, and I was NOT pregnant when we married. We just knew we had met our soul mate and getting married was right thing to do, since we were already having sex.

We started having sex less than two weeks after we meet, the first for both of us. I was 18 and he was 20. We were having sex almost every time we got together. To Darrin's pleasure and mine, I quit wearing underwear when we got together. I just started carrying around a pair in my purse. I started wearing mostly skirts or dresses when we went out, they were short because short was in fashion then. I loved it when he would reach under my skirt and rub my bare ass and pussy. At first I was nervous where he did it but I got to the point of not caring, I liked it. Wearing a skirt made sex so much easier. When I wanted it, which was a lot, I would just bend over the couch or hood of his car. Many times I just straddled him on the front seat of his 1963 Ford Fairlane on a dirt back road or on the side of the road a couple times with cars whizzing right by us or even in the middle of K-marts' parking lot. 

The first great sex we had happened one afternoon under an apple tree in my backyard. We had been going together at this time maybe a month and a half. I was wearing just a short jean halter-dress. It was my idea to lie on the grass in the shade of the apple tree and make out. But one thing led to another and I was pulling down his loose gym shorts, he was wearing no underwear either, and started to suck is beautiful hard dick. I remember looking at my watch and noting my mother would be home from work in about two hours, so we had time. He had worked all night and was tired so I had told him to just lie back and enjoy and I would do all the work. 

I had sucked on that dick for a couple minutes and was horny and had to have him inside of me. I crawled on top of him and kissed him as I held his dick in my hand and placed it at my wet pussy's opening. I sat up and lowered myself on his nice hard cock. His 7 inches filled me full. I quickly had an orgasm but kept going because he hadn't cum yet. I untied and dropped the top of my dress so Darrin could play with my tits while I kept going and going. This is no lie, I came 6 times before I rolled off him exhausted but he wasn't done yet. He rolled me on my belly shoved his still hard cock into my sloppy but satisfied pussy. He stared to pound hard and fast into me and in short time we both were cumming, his first and my 7th. I remember looking at my watch again and we had been screwing for and HOUR! 

He rolled off and I turned and faced him telling him that the sex we just had was just awesome. He agreed and said that if sex between us was going to be that good, we ought to go ahead and get married. 

I remember asking him if he had just said married. He said he did and he meant it. I kissed him and said I would love to. I then for my first time when down on him after he had sex with me. His dick was still wet and sticky with his and my juices but I didn't care, I wanted to get him hard again. I want sex again! 

He was hard in just seconds it seemed. He told me to get on all fours. Then he slid his cock into my still sloppy wet pussy, pumped a few times then pulled out and placed it against my asshole. I froze for a second and then pushed back, telling him, "Oh yea baby, fuck me in the ass but go easy." I was surprised how easy it slid in once I relaxed enough to let it start. It didn't take him long before he was saying he was about to cum. I told him to go ahead and shoot it deep in my ass. And when he came it put me over the edge yet again. 

We got dressed and back in the house and cleaned up only minutes before my mother got home. We had a few more sessions like that over the years, but none as exciting and daring as our first long session. Remember we were outside in the backyard in the daylight of the afternoon. The backyard was not fenced in and all anybody had to do was walk around the corner of the house and catch us. But being young and horny and having sex was what it was all about back then. We had sex under that tree a few more times before we moved to our home here in Florida. Where we continue our fondness of sex outdoors. That's one reason I love Florida the weather is warmer longer giving us more days outside than up north in Michigan.