 I took a sip of my second Guiness and turned off the tele. Well, I thought, I’m going home tomorrow, it’s now or never. I looked at the card Elizabeth had given to me before I left London and dialed the number. I was a little nervous, but ready.

A male voice answered in Spanish-accented English, “Good evening, special services. May I help you?”

“Good evening. I’m in room 204 at the Royal,” I said, in my best business voice, “I’m interested in some male companionship this evening. Won’t you send someone over as soon as possible, please.”

“Certainly, mum. Whom may I ask referred you to us?” His accent had immediately changed to the Kings English. He’d read my nationality instantly. Hmmm. I told him the code number from the card.

I heard a keyboard click, then, “Very good, do you have any special requirements?”

I touched my left breast, shivered a little. “I want someone with, ah, large equipment,” I said, then added, “It’s an experiment.”

“I understand, mum. Anything else?”

“No.” I gave him my credit card number. 

Eventually he said, “Expect your guest in 20 minutes. We guarantee that you will be completely satisfied. Thank you for your business, mum,” and hung up.

I’d done it! This was exciting. I could feel my cunny getting wet. Elizabeth had told me this service was top-flight. She said they were discrete, clean, provided the best sex ever, and not to miss it. To be honest, it was the reason I’d come to this island. I really don’t fancy the heat or the beach.

All my life I’d wondered what it would be like to be rogered by a well-endowed man. I was a little shy around men, and hadn’t been able to find one like that. Don’t get me wrong, I’d been with a few men in my 30 odd years, quite. But average men. I wanted to try a super.

He arrived on time. We introduced ourselves, had a beer, and talked trivialities. He was a man of average height and build, impeccably dressed, and very young. Blond hair, blue eyes, of German extraction I guessed, but hard to say for sure. His name was Kurt. We quieted and the silence spelled business to come. 

Finally he said, “You are a very small woman, Anne. Did the gentleman at the office explain about me?”

“I understand you’re a very large man,” I said.

“That is true,” he replied.

“May I see?” I asked, looking at his bulging trousers. The beer had made me bold, I must say.

He looked surprised, but smiled and disrobed immediately. I was a little taken aback. He was fully erect, and huge! His cock was beautifully proportioned, nicely high and hard, and bounced. His balls were ripe and quite large, and I thought about how my pussy would balloon with hot cream when he emptied them into me. He caught my eye and I looked away, embarassed.

“It is alright,” he said, “As you can see I find you attractive. We will have fun, yes?”

“Yes, of course,” I said, gathering myself. I bit my lip and started to take off my blouse, but he stopped me and did it himself. Then he took off all my clothes, kissing me on each exposed body part as he proceeded. We laid down on the bed and kissed some more. I was turned on, I can tell you. I had my hands all over him, his cock was fiery hot. He loved my breasts, they’re quite large for my size, and he paid them a lot of attention with his mouth. He tried to put his mouth between my legs, but I pulled him up. I wanted to come around that enormous prong of his, and now!

He nodded, and asked “You would like to do this how?” His manner was so nonchalant and harmless that I felt I could be totally honest with him.

“Old fashioned sex. I want you to come inside me. DEEP inside,” I said.

“Yes. Rear entry on hands and knees, I would recommend, for that,” he said.

“Good-o,” I replied, breathless. This was certainly moving forward quickly. He produced a small bottle, held it out for me smiling, and I gladly applied it liberally to his most handsome feature. I had no need for moisture, myself, I was soaked.

He rolled me over onto my stomach. I got my knees under me, he opened my legs, and I raised my ass up high for him. He knee-walked up to me and I closed my eyes as I felt his cockhead slide slowly up and down through my slippery lips. Then his thick wet cock forced me open, wider, wider, OH! 

He stopped, “Are you alright?” he asked.

“I won’t break,” I laughed, as I spread my legs and asscheeks wider giving him complete access to my sex, “Nail me.”

“Ja,” he replied, grabbed my hips and pulled me roughly onto his steel-hard shaft. BLOODY HELL! The base of his cock was huge, it stretched my inner lips apart almost painfully. He touched a place in my vitals deeper than anyone ever had, he was bottoming out. He pulled my ass tightly against his genitals and flexed the muscles in his cock. I groaned with pleasure as his cock and my tunnel expanded deliciously. I felt the wiry hair on his groin tickling my smoothly shaved butt as he ground his hips against me, achieving maximum penetration. Wow! We rested a few moments, little spasms in his cock triggering off some of my own.

“That’s it, then,” I exhaled, “I’m filled up.” It was nice, didn’t hurt at all now.

He withdrew a little and replied, “You are so tight. I cannot do this very long.”

“When you finish, you finish. It’s perfectly alright,” I said, “Don’t worry about anything, luv.”

He started to stroke into me, slowly at first, then with increasing speed. He held me tightly, almost painfully, controlling my movements completely, which I love. The weight of his body driving against my butt pushed me forward on the bed with every stroke, swinging my heavy breasts back and forth. I spread my elbows apart to lower my tits so that my nipples brushed the bedspread as they bounced. They became as hard as marbles and very sensitive. A fantastic feeling!

He was quite skilled for a young man, never losing sexual contact. With each stroke he used the length of his cock completely, the bulbous head pulling at the lips of my cunny on his outstroke, his groin slapping solidly into my ass when he drove himself back inside. His cock had a strong upward curve, and with every movement, the spongy head kneaded the rear of my channel. It was a sensation I had not experienced before. I was almost there, already.

I imagined that bulging cord of muscle running along the bottom of his cock as it thrust into my tightly stretched pussy, slick against my clit. I pictured my soft, hairless mound impaled by his shaft, rigid with excitement, as it rammed in roughly. Imagined the raging purple cockhead, plunged deeply into my most intimate place, sliding liquidly back and forth. His balls swinging heavily, pregnant with hot semen, just inches from my pussy. Strong inner muscles shuddering, on the brink of ejaculating uncontrollably. Into me. 

“Ahhhh,” he groaned, his pelvis instinctively pushed forward, he held himself completely still for my benefit, and orgasmed. His cock convulsed powerfully inside my pussy, over and over, as he gushed hot sperm deep inside me. He came hard and long and swelled unbelievably large. I cried out and looked down and actually saw my lower abdomen bulging with the pressure of that enormous organ inside me. He withdrew and thrust in again, moaning. Incredible heat bathed my vagina as his cream overflowed out around his cock and dripped down warmly over my clit. He reached around my hip and used the liquid to force a wriggling finger into me between his cock and my clit. It pushed me right over the edge.

I climaxed like a mad woman, ramming myself back onto his massive cock, grunting and whimpering. He kept it hard for me and I used it. We were slippery with cum and I fucked him deeply until I was spent, a quivering wreck. It was a shattering, toe curling, utterly satisfying release.

When I relaxed and fell away from him onto the bed, he flipped me over onto my back, mounted me and violently shoved himself right into me. My eyes widened with fear. Then he smiled broadly and slowly fucked me with great gentleness, kissing me passionately, never losing his stiffy. Ah, sweet youth. I came many more times that night under his touch, but he did not. He was gone when I awoke, leaving only a card with a telephone number and code. My first hooker, truly memorable.

Please vote.