 I liked to think of myself as the perfect girlfriend, the girl who would do anything to make her man happy.

I knew what boys wanted. They wanted me in a tight top that showed off my tits, tonight I was wearing my favorite tank top, one that showed off my above average figure and gave more than a peek at my cleavage. They wanted me in short shorts. These ones barely covered my ass. They wanted my lips wrapped around their cock. The red lipstick that coated my lips that night was just a bonus.

I learned early in my dating career that men liked it when I went down on them without having to be asked. At first, I hated giving blowjobs. It felt like a chore. I felt dirty having their cocks in my mouth. To be honest cum grossed me out. The first few times I almost threw up after the came in my mouth.

However, it wasn't long before I started to like it. I started to enjoy the feeling of a hard cock sliding between my soft lips, filling my mouth. It stopped being a chore and the taste of cum started turning me on. I craved it. I don't know why exactly. Maybe it's because I liked making men feel good. Maybe it's because I had the power to make a man orgasm. Maybe it's because I was willing to do it when I knew so many other girls wouldn't. It also didn't hurt that my willingness to give blowjobs, combined with above average bra size made me very popular.

My new found popularity led me to Chad's house late that Friday night. I snuck out of my house that night and into his basement living room with a convenient and extremely quiet sliding glass door.

I went to the same school with Chad since elementary school, but he never said more than a few words to me until I started developing my craving for cock and my reputation started making it's rounds around our high school. He had always been popular, but never more since becoming a star senior on both the varsity baseball and football teams.

That night I went over to his house under the pretense of watching a movie. Technically we did, the movie did play on the television. However, neither of us watched more than the opening of it before we found ourselves distracted. Making out became our focus and at some point that night, I came back from the bathroom and found myself on my knees, between his legs where he sat on the couch. He didn't ask me to sit there, it was the position that I choose to put myself into.

"It's getting late, I should be going." I said as I ran my hands up his legs, into his shorts far enough to feel the edges of his boxers.

He reached out, sliding his finger across my lips. "Krystal, I love what you can do with those."

I slid my lips forward, up his finger until it was all in my mouth. I slid my lips, slowly up and down it. Giving him a preview of what was to come.

He took his finger from my mouth, then used his hands to undo his cargo shorts. His boxers bulged and even though I had seen it, sucked on it and had inside of me more than a few times, I craved for him to reveal it again, like it was a new toy.

He pushed his boxers out of the way and his long, rock hard cock waited for my attention. My heart pounded, excited about what I was going to do next. Maybe a little worried about what would happen if his parents came down. There would be no explaining it, hard to deny it if we were caught in the act. I'm sure they would be able to find my parents' number without any problems.

I reached forward and took him in my hand. His long shaft rock solid in my palm. I wrapped my fingers around it, feeling his power and started to stroke it. 

He leaned back on the couch to relax. I leaned forward and prepared to go to work. I couldn't resist licking the tip of his cock like it was a piece of sweet, sugar filled candy. I looked up, his eyes glossed over with lust.

He watched me carefully as I leaned over and took him between my lips. I held my lips tight as I slid them down his shaft, feeling his thickness expand my lips. He filled my mouth as I slid as far down as I could go. 

I pulled my lips up, then pushed my hair out of the way so that he could see what I was doing. My lips traveled up and down, slowly at first so he could enjoy every inch of movement. 

Using a combination of my lips and my hand, I worked his entire cock. My head bobbed up and down as I went as fast as I could. The combination was something that I had learned while watching a porn video with an ex-boyfriend. It was a combination that hadn't failed me yet. It guaranteed me to get the job done. 

I pulled my lips off his cock to quickly catch my breath. I wiped the excess saliva off my lips and then these words slipped out of my mouth. "I want you to cum on my face." 

"Yeah." His face lit up, his grin grew even bigger. 

"I want you to give me a facial." I don't know where the words came from, but I sounded sexy and slutty saying them. It might've been thinking about that porn video, at the end the gorgeous blonde with a perfect tan and impossibly big fake tits said something similar.

"I'd like that."

"Okay." I said as I lowered my lips back to him. There was no turning back now. Sucking cock turned me on. Swallowing cum was a rush that made me feel slutty. Letting a guy cum on my face, I didn't really understand the appeal or why a girl would let a guy do that to her. However, it was something that I had thought about, fantasized about, but I never thought I would give the green light to it.

"I'm getting close." He grunted. "When I say so, lean your head back and I'll do the rest." Apparently, this wasn't his first time giving a facial and I wanted to know what other slut allowed him to do it. Or he had watched a similar video.

Minutes, maybe seconds later, he stood up, pulling his cock out of my mouth in the process. He stroked it rapidly and I leaned back. I had my glasses on, but closed my eyes out of basic reaction anyways. I couldn't believe that he was going to cum on my face and that I was letting him do it.

Time slowed down as I waited below him. Then instantly it sped up as a large blob hit the middle of my forehead. It was warm, thicker than water. It hit me harder than I expected and it almost made me jump back. Quickly, he added another deposit to my forehead, than I heard another shot hit hit my glasses. The rapid fire slowed down as the last shots landed on my cheeks and right above my lips.

I couldn't believe I did it! I grinned. I opened my eyes and my right lens was covered with a glazing of him. The cum dripped off of my face and on to my shirt. It dripped into my right eye and burned. However, I sat there with one eye open, letting him enjoy the view before I rushed into the bathroom to clean it off. 

His look is what turned me on the most about my first facial experience, what me want to do it again.