 I have had a fascination for porn for as long as I can remember, since early in my teens. I suppose that is unusual for a girl, but nonetheless, I've enjoyed a LOT of porn in my life. And, of course, you can't watch porn these days without seeing guys spray cum all over girls' faces. For the longest time, I always thought this was hot, but having been subjected to society's indoctrination that porn is about dominating and subjugating women, I just believed that it was not something most women wanted anything to do with. Still, it remained a secret fantasy of mine to have a guy cum all over my face. 

I thought I was alone until one evening while out with friends. One of the girls in our group admitted that she loved being on the receiving end of a facial. I feigned shock, but a couple of the other girls in the group admitted that they, too, occasionally enjoyed the slutty feeling they felt when their boyfriends came on their faces. This only served to reinforce my fantasy. However, I was in a long-term, committed relationship with another woman -- I wasn't going to have a boyfriend any time soon with whom I could experience this. 

Sunday afternoon, while watching CNN, there was a story about women being arrested for soliciting sex for money on Craig's List. It instantly struck me that this might be an interesting way to find someone who'd be up for giving a random girl a facial. I was familiar with the mindset of the people who tend to use CL for casual sexual encounters, and thought to myself, this might make for an interesting way to find someone. I started reading through some of the ads on CL and decided that this would be a good option to explore. I had to figure out how to do it without compromising my identity, where I live, etc. I made the wild decision to just ask a guy to do me in an alley not too far from where I live. I didn't care who he was or what he looked like, I just needed someone with a cock who wanted to cum on a girl's face. 

I hastily composed an ad that read:

Looking for a facial - w4m

I have been wondering what it would be like to get a facial from a random guy. No penetration, no sex, just a quick facial. Meet tonight between 11PM - Midnight, in public area near Gold Club and go to a nearby alley for quick facial. You can even spit in my face if that gets you off. If it matters, I am 22 wf, 120 lbs - I don't care what you look like. This is not a joke.

Much of the porn I am into involves extreme degradation to the woman -- including being slapped, chocked, and spit on, so I added the part about allowing the guy to spit on me if he wanted. I figured if I was going to go so far as to allow him to ejaculate on me, spitting on me wasn't that much different, and if that helped get the guy off, so much the better. I suppose this comes from the fact that I tend to be the dominant one in my relationships, and the feeling of being degraded and being that submissive appealed to the inner slut in me. I intend to explore that option in much greater detail at some point in the future.

Within a couple of minutes of posting the ad, I started getting responses. The third one I received was from a guy named "Tony." He included a photo of what appeared to be an 8 or 9 inch cock -- it was huge, and at least his torso was very attractive -- he had awesome abs. His message simply read, "If you're serious," despite the fact that my post had stated that it wasn't a joke.

"Yes. Very serious. If that's you, you have a nice cock. Would you like to use it?" I replied.

"If you're serious, just tell me when and where."

I sent him my spare cell phone number and asked him to call me. He did and we worked it out to meet at 11PM at a bar around the corner from the Gold Club, a local strip club. We sent each other pictures so we'd know what the other looked like. I also reminded him that this wasn't a fuck date - I wouldn't suck his cock -- he was free to jerk off, but I couldn't/wouldn't touch him. He agreed to that, and said he'd always wanted to give a girl a facial but none of his girlfriends would let him do it. "I don't know why you're doing this, but I'll happily help you out."

While I waited for the appointed time, I continued reading and replying to some of the responses that continued to pour in from the ad. When all was said and done, there were well over 100 replies -- I had NO idea there'd be that much interest in this kind of random encounter. Many of the guys indicated concern for my personal safety -- I thought that was so cool. I have a black belt in TaeKwonDo, however, and anyone who tried to pull something on me was going to be in for a fight if I had any say in the matter. I wasn't too concerned for my safety, but I took a couple of other precautions just in case.

Tony and I met at the bar and recognized each other immediately. I explained to him that I didn't want to get engaged in a long conversation with him, took him by the hand and led him out the door. We walked around the corner in search of an alley suitable for what I had in mind. That proved to be a bit more complicated than I had imagined. There weren't any decent alleys on Howard Street to speak of. We finally went into a parking garage across and up the street a bit from the strip club and found a relatively secluded area in the rear of the place between a couple of SUVs to take care of business. "Are you ready?"'

"Hell, yeah, babe. Just get on your knees."

I did as he ordered and he unzipped his pants. He was already hard as a rock, and had an impressive cock. It was all I could do to keep from swallowing him right there and asking him to face fuck me, but that was out of the question.

"Just don't aim for my eyes. I have contacts and if you get it in my eyes, it's gonna suck. If it helps you, you can grab my hair and hold my head. "

He began stroking his cock and within about three minutes was already to the point of cumming. I wondered to myself how he was able to keep from popping a load on the way to meet me, since it looked like it was ready to explode right then! I reached down into my sweatpants and began masturbating myself. I was getting so horny sitting there in public begging a guy to plaster my face with a load of semen. I cajoled him, "Come on baby, cum on my face." As his orgasm built, he began to moan -- I was hoping it wasn't loud enough to attract any attention, since the sounds echoed a bit off the garage walls!

The first shot hit me square on the upper lip under my nose and caused me to jerk back a bit. The feeling was incredibly warm, followed almost immediately by a cooling sensation. The second shot hit me in the left cheek, and a third shot got my left ear. He grabbed my hair and held my face under his cock as he coerced what was left of his cum out onto my forehead. The cum from my forehead began running down into my eyes, so I had to wipe it away from them. The warmness on my face turned into something akin to having had Astroglide on my face -- both cool and slippery. 

I stood up, thanked Tony, put my purse back on my shoulder and began walking off. As I spoke, some of the cum from my lip got onto my tongue -- it tasted just as I had remembered it from years past, salty and somewhat bitter.

"Can we do this again some time?"

"I don't know. If I decide to, I'll be in touch. Thank you. I hope you enjoyed it." As he stood there with a bewildered look on his face, he began putting his junk back in his pants and zipping up.

I began walking back to my apartment about a half a mile away, leaving the white sticky cream on my face. As I passed others headed in the opposite direction, I wondered for a brief second or two if they could tell I had cum all over my face, but decided that, in the relative dark under the streetlights there's no way they could pick it out as quickly as I was walking by. My pace began to quicken -- I had to get back to my apartment and masturbate. I could literally feel the cunt juice running down my leg and even the sensations from walking seemed as if it would lead me to an orgasm. 

As I swiped my access card in the security device at our apartment complex, another woman walked out of the interior door. She looked at me strangely as I went in, but I didn't slow down. Could she tell what was on my face? I doubt it. It had been raining most of the evening, and I believed anyone seeing me would have thought I had come in from being in the rain. The cum had begun to dry, and parts of my face felt as though I had glue rubbed on it.

I made it into my apartment and went to the bathroom to see what I looked like. I was shocked to see that I had a fair-sized blob of cum in my hair! Did people see that? Could they tell? The rest of the cum had become clear and just looked like a thick water on my face where it hadn't dried already. It occurred to me that the knees of my sweatpants were wet from where I had been kneeling on the ground -- I looked like I had been sucking cock to anyone paying attention. 

I took the feeling of being a whore with me to my bed, began to masturbate furiously, and came within a minute. After I came down, I went back into the bathroom and looked at myself again. It was hard to tell that I'd had cum on my face, aside from the crusty stuff peeling off of it at this point. I took my shirt off, hopped into the shower and washed myself off. As I did, I masturbated again.

This morning, as I reflect on what transpired last evening, I have decided that getting a facial is definitely a turn-on for me, and I'll likely try it again at some point. Next time, I will take my small camera and snap a photo of my face with the slut cream all over it - for my own personal use, of course. I could never post something like that on the web. People might think I was a slut.