 I have a friend- her name in this story will be Maggie, because I'd feel strange using her real name. One night my wife and I were out having some cocktails with her and her new husband. The evening was going well- we hopped a few bars and ended up at a strip club. Out of the blue, and when we happened to be alone for a few minutes, Maggie asked me if I knew what friends with benefits was. I smiled, though I was not ready for a question like that, and said of course I do. Just then, her husband came back and we said nothing more about it that night. But it sure got me thinking. 

Well, soon her husband's true nature began to show, and Maggie showed up at my doorstep battered and bruised by him. She came to me looking for comfort and protection, so there was no way I was going to pursue any FWB course of action- it just didn't feel right. It wasn't long before they divorced. When the smoke cleared, and life was back to normal, I brought up that old question she asked me. She was dating again, but she smiled and we talked. I said I loved the scenario where I could be called on to orally please her at her whim (if I was free to do so at the time). She agreed that it might be a very workable relationship! 

On my way home from work one day, I got my first summons :) So I swung by, rang the bell, and as the door swung open, my eyes feasted on Maggie in a black negligee and crotchless panties. She was obviously ready for action! 

I immediately began to salivate like Pavlov's dog. OK, I admit it. I AM a dog. But I'm a happy one. I walked in and she smiled at me as she led me to her bedroom. She was surprisingly dominant at this point- I didn't know she had this in her. But I complied eagerly with every command. She told me to lie on my back- that she was going to facefuck me. I was feeling a bit intimidated by the directness of her instructions, so I was unsure if I complied more from free will, or from mild fear. No matter, I was eager to please.

As she climbed on top of my chest, I saw for the first time, her full-bushed pussy and I couldn't wait to taste it. She knelt on my arms, effectively pinning me to the mattress, and lowered her sweet honey box to my lips. Her pussy lips parted as she spread her legs and I could see the sweet nectar already beginning to ooze. She commanded me to lick her slit and drive my tongue into her hole as deep as I could, as I felt her hips pressing down, consuming my tongue even more. As I licked her wet slit up and down, in rhythm with her softly undulating hips, she was fingering her clit. My mustache and beard were getting pretty frosted by now, but I was trying to take as much of her delicious juice into my mouth as possible. 

If we get to fashion our own Heaven, well this is it for me. It's all I want.

Her hips would slow down, grinding in a circular motion every once in a while, then back to business fucking my face, then pause, commanding me to suck her clit as she drove my head into the mattress, then start fucking again. 

This went on for about 15 minutes- 15 glorious minutes pleasing Maggie. She so deserved the attention. I loved making her feel the power of a Queen as she took out her raw carnal desires on me. 

Soon, Maggie began to moan and humped me much more forcefully. I felt quite a bit of pressure on my face and breathing had to be carefully timed, but I hung in there! Suddenly she stopped fucking and drove her engorged clit into my mouth, commanding me to suck it harder! I obeyed and added my own tongue action at the same time. This drove her over the edge and I felt her body tense up as she grabbed my hair (like I was thinking of going someplace?????) A few deep breaths and, "OH GOD!'S" later, she released her grip, but kept her pussy on my mouth, telling me to clean her up. 

WOW! This was a Maggie I never knew before. And I couldn't wait to make her acquaintance again! I had to stop at the YMCA to clean up, and change into my sweats, but I had no intention to work out that evening. I went straight home with my rock hard pecker and pleased my wife with it. See? Everybody wins :) Maggie has called on me 3 times now in the past year. It's not often, but when she needs it, she REALLY needs it. And I'm so happy to give it. It's a wonderful life and Maggie is an exceptional friend.