 A month before Christmas would be, you might think, a fairly safe time to go shopping for gifts, right? Wrong! It seemed like thousands of others had thought the same, and the city centre was as busy as I'd ever seen it. Every street I turned in to was thronged with shoppers, each and every one in search of that elusive 'special' gift for their nearest and dearest, most not even bothering to look up at the impressive array of lights and other christmassy objects strung over the streets. 

There was one consolation however. With the temperature hovering around the freezing mark, and the majority of the younger women to wear their coats open, if they had one on at all, meant that for a fervent breast-man like myself, there was a plethora of hard nippled, sweater covered bosoms bouncing all around me! Even with these pleasant distractions, after nearly three hours being variously pushed, pulled, stood on, sworn at and generally seeing the baser side of human nature, I'd had just about enough. I decided to head for one of the bigger shopping centres in our fair city, and grab a coffee so I could just sit and watch the world go by for a while, instead of being part of it all. 

Like I said, I'm predominantly a breast man, but I also have a thing for a well-shaped ass. As I wandered the centre looking for a decent coffee shop, I saw her. About five three or four, shoulder-length blonde hair cut in a kind of wavy straggle, short tan jacket and tight, TIGHT sandy coloured jeans that clung to every inch of her gorgeous butt. So tight were they, it was obvious to me that she didn't have any panties on - maybe a thong, but I couldn't be certain. Now one of the truisms of living where I do is, oftentimes the women with lovely asses aren't so hot in the looks department. Not that I'm any kind of male model type you understand, but even a guy like me has limits!

So it was then, that as she turned round I wasn't expecting any raving beauty here, but when she was (almost) facing me, I found she was, in fact, a real stunner. I couldn't help but glance down to her chest, and that was the best surprise of all. She had on a fairly thick knitted sweater, but it couldn't hide her nicely-sized firm breasts which, to my amazement and undoubted appreciation, where 'topped' by nipples that stuck out fully an inch from the surface of the sweater, and were easily as thick as my thumb. Man, it was SO hard not to stare, but I knew if she caught me doing it, things might get a little fraught, to say the least. I tore my eyes away, and tried to saunter round the centre and not think of her too much; after all, I wasn't going to ask her out or anything and I figured I'd never see her again. 

Again, wrong! It seemed whatever floor I went to, or whatever shops I browsed through, I'd turn round or look over the heads of the massed crowds, and there she'd be, often looking over in my general direction and, a couple of times, actually making eye contact with me before quickly looking away. When I eventually found a relatively quiet coffee shop, I sank gratefully into the seat and prepared to enjoy the steaming hot mug of Kenyan roast in front of me. 

Five minutes later, who should show up but my new-found muse! She made her way to the counter, her ass rolling in that provocative way women can do when they know they're being watched - and like it! When she turned and looked for a seat, she headed over to where I sat, despite the few empty tables scattered around the place - it seemed there had been a lull in the amount of people shopping in here. She looked me in the eye, and asked if anyone was sitting 'there', nodding at the seat next to mine, to which I replied in the negative. As she sat down, I noticed with some regret that she must have warmed up, as her nipples were now no longer visible through the knit of her sweater. 

We sat for a while making small talk as you do when in close, but not necessarily wanted, proximity to someone. However, I certainly didn't get the impression she wanted to be anywhere else. I had observed by now the wedding and engagement rings on her finger, and the fact that she was older than I'd first thought, in her early forties like me I guessed, somehow feeling disappointed that she had a husband to go home to - funny how we sometimes see someone who really makes an impression and come over all proprietary about them, isn't it? After ten minutes or thereabouts, she pulled her chair closer to mine and leaned over, a faint trace of her perfume tickling my nose. 

"I noticed you noticing me earlier," she began, "did you like what you saw?"

Well, to say I was shocked then would be a massive understatement. I'm sure my jaw must have dropped, but I quickly managed to recover.

"Yes," I answered, "I certainly did. In fact," I went on, grinning now, "I was particularly impressed by the buttons on your sweater!"

She laughed, looking down at her wool-covered bosom. 

"Pity they're not like now then, is it?" she murmured and, before I could reply, went on "I bet you could get them like that again....... couldn't you?" 

Once again, in the space of minutes, this sexy woman had shocked me to the core. She drained her coffee and, standing up, motioned me to follow her. I did as she indicated, thoroughly enjoying the sight of her perfect bottom swaying sensuously in front of me. She led us out of the main drag, down what appeared to be a maintenance corridor where no-one else had ventured. Turning a corner, she opened a door marked "Private" and ushered me inside, turning on the light and locking the door behind us. It looked like some kind of deserted office, with an old desk in one corner and a couple of chairs pushed underneath it. 

"I saw you admiring me before," she whispered, "and it really turned me on. You're a handsome guy, you know," she continued, "and I really want you to fuck me, right here!"

That was her hat-trick, right there. Me, stunned almost into immobility. This time I was speechless, and my confusion and uncertainty must have been very obvious. 

"Don't worry about catching anything," she went on, "I've never done this before, and you look OK to me. Are you?" she asked, one eyebrow raised.

What could I say to that? I answered that I was clean and healthy, as far as my last medical the month before could determine, and I'd had a vasectomy during the last months of my marriage. 

"That's OK too," she said, "I can't have kids anyway!" 

With these pleasantries out of the way(!), she leaned in and kissed me, her hands fluttering all over my back and down to my ass. I felt it only polite to reciprocate, my hands firmly squeezing her perfect globes, one sliding up under her sweater to touch the gorgeous breasts I knew were hiding under there. She moaned softly in my ear as I touched her, her pelvis grinding against my own, feeling the thick hardness of my cock encased in it's cocoon of boxers and jeans. She broke our oral contact for just long enough to pull the sweater over her head, revealing perfect, naked breasts the size and firmness of large oranges, the dark nipples already growing to a hardness which fully explained the thick nubs I had noticed earlier. I started to kiss her again, quickly moving down her neck and over her collarbones, kissing her lightly all the way until I reached her right breast. Her fingers dug painfully into my scalp as I sucked her nipple between my teeth, rolling it around and flicking it with my tongue, feeling it grow even harder and thicker in my mouth. I switched to the opposite breast, repeating my actions until that nipple too was rigid and thick between my lips. 

Pulling out one of the chairs, I moved her round until she was sitting down and, dropping to my knees, cupped her breasts together until her nipples were less than an inch apart. Lowering my head, I sucked both of her solid nubs into my mouth, my tongue lashing both nipples together, fondling and squeezing the firm flesh of her breasts in my hands. A few minutes of this proved more than sufficient for her to achieve her first climax; without me even touching her below the waist her whole body suddenly stiffened and her head arched back on her neck as what felt like a massive orgasm ripped through her body. She pushed my head away from her chest, presumably overcome slightly (a lot?) by the force of her cum. I took the opportunity to slip my shirt off, and my jeans and boxers too while I was at it, my uncut 8-inch penis bouncing upwards as it escaped from it's cloth prison. When her head fell forwards again, she could see what I had to offer, and a huge smile split her face.

"Mmmmm.... that looks good enough to eat!" she grinned, and promptly proceeded to prove exactly that. She got me to swap positions with her so, that I was sitting in the chair and she knelt gracefully between my legs, her hand wrapping round my shaft even before her knees reached the floor. Looking up at me with her wide brown eyes, she lowered her mouth over my glans, her tongue lashing around the head of my prick, probing the japs eye and sucking hard on my shaft, one after the other, time after time. Within minutes, she had managed to swallow my entire length, and it was only with a supreme effort of will that I managed not to erupt in her mouth then and there, especially when one slim finger found my asshole and delicately, yet firmly, entered my virgin ass up to the knuckle. Christ, did that feel good! The involuntary thrust of my hips must have warned her I was on the brink, because she withdrew her finger and fondled my balls for a few minutes, which although it felt almost as good, allowed me to recover from my near orgasm. 

She obviously decided that then she'd waited long enough for what she really wanted; rising to her feet, she quickly straddled my thighs and, her hand guiding my thick length to her pussy, she sat down hard on me, my cock disappearing fully inside her she was so wet from her earlier orgasm. Grabbing hold of my shoulders, she proceeded to fuck me in a rhythmic, no-holds-barred quasi canter, sliding her slick cunt up and down my rigid pole almost as if she was riding her favourite horse in some kind of race. I returned my hands to her amazing breasts, once again teasing and pinching her turgid nipples until they very quickly regained their earlier hardness and sensitivity, causing her to moan softly, but continuously, in my ear. 

Her pussy was so tight, and her muscles so educated, that it wasn't long before I felt myself on the verge of cumming once more; I managed to gasp to her that I was about to cum, to which her reply was merely to increase the pace and strength of her movements. Seconds later I felt the tightness in my balls which heralded the point of no return, my hips finally managing to thrust upwards against her as I unloaded the contents of my sac deep into her needy hole, a good half a dozen strong jets pumping into her before the flow began to fade, finally stopping after nearly a minute of continuous ejaculation. Throughout my climax, her pussy had tightened incredibly around my shaft, as if to suck out every last drop of the sperm from my body, her own body wracked in spasms of lust as she came fiercely on my cock and balls. After both of us had recovered ourselves she stood up from my lap, a torrent of my white goo cascading down her inner thighs. She reached down with both hands, scooping up the sticky mess and licking it from her fingers until most of it had gone. Turning away, she quickly got dressed and, picking up her bag, handed me a small rectangle of cardboard. 

"Call me sometime," she said, "I'd love to do this again, only next time it would be nice to be a bit more comfortable - don't you think?"

Striding to the door she opened it, turning to me once more as she prepared to leave...

"Merry Christmas, lover, I hope you enjoyed your present!" 

She winked; and with that, she was gone.