 What are you wearing? ;) 

I grinned as I read Jax's text. It'd been two weeks since we first met in the tattoo shop he worked at. We'd shared a very, very satisfying experience that day and since then we couldn't keep our hands off of each other. 

I giggled as I angled my camera and took a picture of what I was wearing and sent it to him. I wasn't wearing much just a lacy red thong I knew Jax loved. 

Damn baby don't tease me ;) come to the shop :*... Jax responded.

I quickly finished getting ready and hopped in my car. When I got to the shop Jax's coworker and best friend Alex greeted me with a whistle. 

"Hey Harles, do I need to put my ear plugs in now or when Jax sees you in that get up," he teased. I wore super short denim skirt, very high heels, and a mesh crop top that had a small sliver of solid fabric that barely covered my chest. It showed off my tattoo perfectly, Alex had been the one to actually do it for me. Jax tried, but it always ended with me bent over the table. 

"Oh shut up Alex," I rolled my eyes and gave him a quick hug. 

"He is a lucky man," Alex squeezed me tight. His crotch pressed against my stomach which surprised me. He released me quickly and I blushed.

"That I am," Jax said as he walked over to me. He was wearing jeans and a tank top that was cut low on the sides much like the shirt I wore the first time I entered the shop. The shirt showed off his tattoos and ridiculously shredded abs. 

He planted a kiss on my lips and squeezed my ass.

"Hey darling, I' heard you out here, I'm just finishing up with a customer give me twenty minutes and then I'm all yours," he said grinning as he took in my outfit. 

"Okay," I bit my lip. He squeezed my hip and headed back to his room leaving me turned on and anxious. 

"So what's new Harles?" Alex asked me as he took a seat behind the counter. 

I followed him leaning against the counter my breasts pressed against the cool surface. My shirt pulled down a little in this position exposing my breasts to barely a millimeter above my nipples. Normally I would blush, but it was Alex and he'd seen much more when he'd tattooed me.

"Not much what's new with you?" I asked. I noticed his eyes continuously dart from my chest to my face and back. It got me a little excited for some reason. Sure I was crazy about Jax, but Alex was pretty hot himself. He was tall 6'5'', taller than Jax by four inches at least. His skin was perfectly tanned, his lips plump, and his eyes the same golden honey color of his hair.

"Uh I got a new bike, come here," Alex beckoned me to come around the counter. He pulled out his phone and I leaned against his arm my breasts pressed against him as I looked at the picture on his phone. 

"It's a sweet VMax my friend was selling, maybe I can take you for a ride some time," he grinned. 

I bit my lip my nipples hardening at the thought of getting a 'ride' from Alex. He gave me a lustful look as I'm sure he felt my reaction against his arm. His phone dropped to the ground and I bent over to pick it up my skirt pulling up as I did so. A breeze brushed against my cheeks and my exposed pussy since I had declined to wear underwear. 

"Fuck," Alex groaned as he received an eye full. His hand reached out massaging my ass and grazing my lips. I moaned softly and stayed bent over even going as far as spreading my legs open a little farther. 

"Harles you have to stand up before I take you right here and now," he whispered as the tip of his finger entered my hole. 

"Promises, promises," I teased standing up quickly. 

Alex pressed me up against the counter grinding his hard jean covered cock against my pussy. 

"Sweet heart if he wasn't in the next room I'd be balls deep in your sweet little ass, I promise you," he whispered in my ear. One of his hands roamed under my shirt and squeezed my breast hard making me yelp. 

"I think you're all talk," I taunted wiggling my ass against him. 

"After you leave here, I want you to go home take a shower, put something sexy on and I'll pick you up on my motorcycle... got it?" he said reaching around and pinching my clit. 

"Oh yeah," I moaned softly. jax was never this rough with me and while fucking him was incredible I had a feeling fucking Alex would be just as good.

We heard voices and Alex stepped away from me.

I straightened and adjusted my clothing as an old grey haired man covered in tattoos walked out. 

I gave him a nod and hurried back to Jax's work room. 

"Hey baby," he grinned as I closed the door behind me. 

"Hey," I grinned back. I was completely turned on and wanted to skip the small talk so I sank to my knees in front of Jax and started unbuttoning his jeans. 

"You're so fucking sexy," he growled as I released his cock and began stroking it. I circled the tip with my tongue before taking the whole thing in my mouth. I gagged slightly as my mouth slid to an inch above the bass of his shaft. 

"Fuck baby," Jax moaned pulling my hair and pushing my mouth farther down. 

One of my hands moved to massage his balls while the other migrated south between my legs. I fingered my already wet hole as Jax fucked my throat, I imagined Alex behind me slamming into my pussy as I sucked Jax's cock. I moaned as Jax began thrusting hard in my mouth. Jax's cum splashed down my throat and my own cum soaked my fingers as we came together. 

"Damn baby I wish I had more time, I miss that tight little pussy on my cock," Jax groaned pulling me onto his lap his cock pressing against my cunt. 

"When is your next customer supposed to be here?" I moaned grinding against him. 

"Like ten minutes maybe," he frowned. 

"Damn when do you get off work?" 

"Not until ten or eleven tonight, I'm booked pretty solid today."

"Well why don't you come over tomorrow morning before work," I grinned and grinded my wet pussy onto his crotch one last time before climbing off of him.

"Well I'm glad you stopped by sweet heart," Jax said buttoning up his pants as he stood up. 

"I am too," I said kissing him. He grabbed my ass his fingers brushing against my hole making me shiver. 

"See you later," I winked opening the door. 

"See you," he smirked smacking my ass playfully. I walked down the hall and glanced towards Alex when I entered the main room.

"One hour," he said looking at me hungrily. 

I left the shop and drove home.

I took quite possibly the quickest shower of my life and then just as quickly I blow dried my hair, curled it and applied some light makeup.

I dressed in a sheer lace bra that covered only a quarter of my breasts and pushed them up making them look bigger than they already were. I put on a tight leather jacket as well only zipping it to the middle of my breasts showing off plenty of my lace bra and ample cleavage. I paired that with a short leather skirt, a black lace G-string, and thigh high sheer stockings. 

When Alex texted me he was outside I had barely slipped on my black studded ankle boots. 

I walked sexily out the door swaying my hips as I walked up to Alex's motorcycle. 

I swung my leg over the back of his bike and wrapped my arms around his waist. 

Feeling his motorcycle vibrate between my legs made my panties moisten. 

"Where are you taking me?" I asked. 

"Wherever the fuck I want and however I want," he smirked back at me. 

"Well then you better hurry up because this bike is going to make me cum before you can," I teased. Alex growled and sped off making the motorcycle vibrate harder. I moaned in his ear and moved my hand to cup his crotch. 

"Careful Harles you're going to get into trouble doing that," he warned. 

"What are you going to punish me?" I giggled. 

Alex sped up faster and when we got to the parking garage of his building he found the darkest most secluded corner before he parked. 

He quickly got off his bike, lifted me up, and slammed me against the brick wall. 

He lifted up my skirt and smacked my ass hard enough to leave a welt. 

"Oh," I yelped. 

I listened waiting as he unzipped his pants and pulled my thong to the side. 

He gripped my ass hard scraping his fingernails against my soft flesh as he thrust his cock into my pussy. 

"Fuck!" I screamed. He was huge! My pussy was tight and aching around him. He thrust into my hard pushing me against the wall my erect nipples scraped against the rough textured brick. It only made my pussy wetter however. 

"Push that ass in the air baby," Alex ordered and I did as I was told. I arched my back so he could fuck me harder and deeper. 

"Harder Alex! Wreck my pussy!" I moaned. He seemed to take that as a challenge, I nearly collapsed as he thrust harder and harder into me. 

He smacked my ass on the already sore spot making me yelp and moan. 

"You like it rough don't you?" he smacked my ass even harder with his knuckles. 

"Mmm yes."

He pushed me so I was bent completely over and grabbed my arms holding them behind my back as he fucked me.

I came as he fucked me rough and hard and with three powerful earth shaking thrusts he pulled out of me his cum spurting all over my ass. 

Alex readjusted my skirt and zipped up his pants as I tried to get my erratic breathing under control. 

"You okay Harles?" Alex asked a sexy smirk on his face. 

"More than okay," I grinned back.

"Come on," he rolled his eyes and took my hand. He jerked me after him, I stumbled trying to keep up with his long strides. 

When he closed the door to his apartment he pushed me up against it kissing me long and deep. He trailed his finger along my collarbone and eventually to the zipper of my jacket. He slowly unzipped it and slipped it off my shoulders as he continued to kiss me. Next he pushed down my skirt until it fell pooling around my ankles. I stepped out of it and pushed my boots off with the opposite foot on each. I was left in only the tiny lace underwear set I'd worn with Alex's cum still wet on my ass. He pulled off his shirt and took of his pants his already hard member pulsing. 

Alex gripped my leg pulling it up and placing it on his hip. My crotch pressed against his giving him perfect access to whatever he wanted. His fingers hooked in my thong pulling until with the sound of tearing and elastic snapping painfully against my skin. The now ruined lacy thing fell to the floor and I was now wide open no barrier between Alex and what he wanted.

"Do you want me inside that tight hole?" Alex said as he slapped his cock hard between my legs. 

"Yes, please," I moaned thrust my hips against his. 

"Are you going to let me cum inside you, let my cum drip from that sweet pussy?" he groaned circling his cock around my honey pot. 

"Yes, Alex... I need you," I panted. 

With that he forced his cock inside me with a powerful thrust. I was still stretched from the pounding I'd taken not even ten minutes ago so it wasn't as painful this time. 

As he thrust inside, Alex pulled down on the left side of my bra freeing my breast. His mouth moved to suck on my nipple as his fingers roughly massaged. He bit down hard on my nipple, nearly hard enough to draw blood and my pussy tightened and convulsed around his cock in response. 

"Mmm you like that huh?" he chuckled darkly. 

"Mmm yes."

His fingers began rubbing and pinching my nipples as his mouth traveled up to mine. He kissed me and caught my bottom lip between his teeth. He bit hard as he suckled my lip and thrust into me even harder. 

I'd never known how much I liked the pain during sex, but somehow Alex had known. He knew my body better than I knew it myself and he knew how to make it do exactly what he wanted. 

"Cum for me baby," Alex growled as his fingers pinched my clit while he rammed into me. 

I nearly blacked out from the pain and the pleasure as Alex continued his assault. 

I came yet again my body weak as I rode the waves of my orgasm. Alex thrust hard and deep inside me pounding against my cervix as he came inside me. My body slumped against his too weak to stand on it's own. He picked me up and gently carried me to his room and laid me down on his bed. He unclasped my bra pulling it from my body and releasing me from its too tight constraint. He laid down behind me his naked body spooning mine, he ran his fingers through my hair. I quickly fell asleep with his hands caressing me and his cum dripping from me. 

I awoke hours later to Alex playfully teasing my nipples with his calloused fingers. 

"Mmm what are you doing?" I moaned sleepily. 

"Hey Sleeping Beauty," he grinned pulling me so I was facing him. 

"Hi," I grinned back. 

"You're so damn sexy Harles," he murmured his finger tracing the tattoo he had given me. 

"Oh am I?" I teased biting my lip.

"You have no idea. It took everything in me not to take you when I was giving you this," he said.

"I was wet the entire time wishing you would, my breasts are a turn on for me," I confessed giggling. 

"Fuck Harles," Alex groaned. 

"Have you ever thought about getting your nipples pierced?" he asked gently tugging on my nipple. 

"Once or twice, but I don't know... I'm a chicken."

"It increases the sensitivity... plus it's really fucking hot," he laughed, "I'd pierce them for you if you wanted."

"When?" I asked a little excited. 

"We could do it right now if you wanted," he shrugged. 

"You have the stuff you need here?" I asked biting my lip. 

"Yep, so you want them?" 

I tried my best not to think about it and after taking a deep breath I nodded. 

Alex quickly got up and disappeared from the room when he came back I noticed he had put on his boxers as he kneeled down next to me on the bed. 

"Alright ready?" he asked. 

I closed my eyes tightly, "yes, but I can't look."

I heard him fumbling with plastic and then a cool cotton swab circled my left nipple and then my right. 

Something that felt icy and metal clamped down on my nipple and I had to fight back a moan which made Alex laugh. 

"You still good baby?" he asked chuckling. I nodded in response and gripped the sheets beneath me. 

There was a burning sensation and then suddenly it felt like someone had bitten down very hard on my nipple. As sudden as the biting feeling was it subsided just as quickly leaving my nipple tender and tingling. 

I felt the same sensations on my right nipple and then Alex said, "alright sweet heart open your eyes, I'm done." 

I slowly cracked open my eyes, "that's it?" I laughed. 

"Yep," he grinned, "take a look." 

I walked over to the mirror hanging on his closet door and admired his work. A tiny jeweled barbell poked out of each red, tender nipple. 

"In a couple months when they're a little more healed, it's going to feel incredible when I play with your tits," Alex said coming up behind me. His hand gripped my hip while the other traveled between my legs. He slowly fingered me with one digit and rubbed my clit with his thumb. 

"Alex," I moaned leaning back against him. 

"Damn you're so wet already," he said and massaged my breast. 

I gasped at the pain, my nipple throbbing as he squeezed my breast. 

"Fuck," I yelped, but the pain felt so good. 

Alex continued to finger fuck me adding another finger to his probing. That mixed with the sweet pain from my breast made cum fast. I thrust against his fingers moaning loudly as my juices poured over his hand. 

"You're mine Harley, this pussy is mine," Alex whispered in my ear biting my neck hard.