 Author's note: Like all of my stories so far, this one is true. I hope you enjoy it!

*

It was the day after my mom had caught Sean fucking me. She had come home early from dinner to find me bent over the upstairs railing while he drilled me from behind. Sean, the son of one of my dad's friends, had been staying with us for a while, although the incident my mom witnessed was only the third time Sean and I had fucked.

It was a Saturday afternoon and my dad was out of town for a few days. My brother, Jack, had gone out to play tennis with a friend, leaving my mom as the only other person in the house. After catching us she had told us that she was okay with us having sex as long as we kept it from my dad. In fact, she even went so far as to suggest that we could have sex in the house if she was home, provided nobody else was. My mom had buried herself in her home office to get caught up on some work, so Sean and I saw it as a perfect opportunity to fuck. I dragged him into my room where we quickly started kissing and groping each other.

"I can't believe we got caught by my mom!" I said, peeling off my shirt to reveal my braless tits. I pulled his shirt off next and he began to kiss and suck on my breasts as I reached out and rubbed his crotch.

"You liked it, didn't you?" he asked. I hadn't really thought about it until that point, but I did get very excited when we got caught.

"Yes," I replied, softly, as he grabbed my ass and pulled me closer. I started to undo his pants and then pushed them off of him. "Have you ever been caught fucking a girl before?"

"A couple of times," he said, reaching down and rubbing the crotch of my shorts. His touch distracted me and I failed to ask for details. I pulled down his underwear and allowed his cock to spring free.

"Would you like it if someone were to watch us fuck?" he asked.

"Yes," I whispered, pulling off my shorts and leaving me in a pair of black panties.

"You're getting wet thinking about it, aren't you?"

"Yes," I said, pausing for a moment. "Do you want to do that sometime?"

"Don't worry," he said, "we'll get there." He pulled off my panties and then I pulled away and got on my back.

"Why don't you feed it to me?" I said. I had loved it the night before when he had been a bit rough with me, and I found myself getting turned on the more I thought about letting him dominate me. He straddled my chest and then put his cock against my lips. As I opened my mouth for him he began to gently thrust. He helped me hold my head up as he stuck a pillow underneath it, then I started to rub the base of his shaft as he fucked my mouth with just the first two or three inches.

"You're such a sexy little thing," he said to me. "I hope that pussy is nice and wet!"

"I need to get fucked so bad!" I said as he pulled out his cock and rubbed it against my lips. "I feel so dirty! I've never done this with my mom in the house!" He put his cock back into my mouth and fucked it for a couple of more minutes before I pushed him away and down until he was between my legs. He put the head of his cock between my pussy lips and then slowly inched it inside. "Oh god!" I said as he fucked me gently at first. "I'm such a dirty girl!" I was beginning to realize just how much words could turn me on and I was hoping that Sean would pick up on it and say a few things himself. He fucked me a bit harder with each passing minute and then I reached down to rub my clit.

"I'm so wet for you, Sean!" I said. "Take my pussy baby!"

"You fucking love that, don't you?" he replied.

"Fuck yes!" I cried. "It feels so good!"

"Take that cock, Christine!" he said. "It's so fucking hard for you!"

"Oh my god!" I cried a minute or two later. "I'm cumming baby!" When I finished cumming he pulled his cock out of my pussy and then guided my head towards it. I opened my mouth willingly and began to suck it, cleaning my juices off of it with my tongue. I sucked his cock for a few minutes and then pulled away. I got on my hands and knees and stuck my ass in the air, coaxing him towards it. He started to rub his cock up and down the length of my pussy, teasing me once again.

"Are you going to fuck me or not?" I asked. I heard him chuckle a bit and then start to inch his cock into me. I looked over and watch us in the reflection in the mirror above my dresser.

"This pussy is so fucking tight!" he said. "I love your wet cunt!" I had never heard someone use that word in an erotic context before, and I was surprised at how much it excited me. It wasn't long before he was grabbing onto my hips and fucking me from behind as hard as he could.

"Holy shit that feels good!" I cried.

"Cum for me again baby!" he said. "I want to feel that pussy pulsating!" I reached back and started to rub my clit in the hopes of helping my orgasm along. "Give me that pussy baby! Fuck that feels good!"

"Yes baby! Your dick is so big!" I was sure that my mom would be able to hear us, so I hoped she really was fine with what we were doing.

"You're such a sexy little slut!" he said. It was the first time someone had called me that and the effect was instant. I came hard, my entire body convulsing. Moments after my orgasm had passed I felt Sean's hand smack against my ass with a great deal of force. He continued to fuck me and spank me until I finally came once again. I felt him pull his cock out of me and then he turned me around. Once again I opened my mouth to suck his cock fresh from my pussy. His moans were louder this time and I was sure he was nearing his own orgasm. I had never swallowed a guy's cum, or even let someone cum in my mouth for that matter, but I knew that I wanted to swallow Sean's load. Just as I completed that thought I heard him groan. I felt his cock swell in my mouth, followed by hot jets of cum shooting out onto my tongue and into the back of my throat. The feeling was strange, but I found it quite easy to swallow his load. He continued to cum, so I kept swallowing every last drop that came out.

"That felt fucking incredible!" he said as we both collapsed onto the bed. I cuddled up against him and we stayed there, naked on top of my covers. We had been lying there for a few minutes when we heard the phone ring. Less than a minute later there was a knock on the bedroom door.

"That was Jack," my mom said from outside the room. "He's going to be home in about ten minutes, so you two should get yourselves together and come out of there."

We looked at each other and smiled, both of us surprised and yet thankful that my mom was now a coconspirator and was watching out for us...