 I gulped as I entered the tattoo shop. I'd been thinking about getting a tattoo for years now and I'd finally worked up the courage to get one and I hoped to god I didn't chicken out. 

"Hey little lady what can I do for ya?" A well muscled man covered in tattoos greeted me with a southern accent. He was dressed in only a pair of jeans that hung low on his hips showing off a sexy V that led to a most likely big cock. His arms and chest were covered in intricately inked lines and when I managed to tear my eyes from his body I glanced up at his face which was almost as good. He had full lips that were pulled into a sexy smirk, his hair was dark and spiked, his eyes were a striking blue green, and his features were strong and chiseled.

"Umm I'd like to get a tattoo," I gulped and blushed as I realized I hadn't yet responded. 

"Alright where at and what of?" he asked his eyes traveling up and down my body. I hadn't put much effort into my appearance figuring I'd want to be comfortable, but now I wished I'd dressed a little better. I'd worn a loose pair of grey sweatpants and I guess what could be described as a muscle tee but for a girl. It was a thin jersey material that was open wide on the sides showing off ample side boob. Normally I'd wear a bra with it, but I had driven from my house to here so I wasn't worried about anyone else seeing me. I wanted the tattoo on my rib cage just under the side of my breast so I figured I better wear something that didn't touch my skin much. 

"Ummm I was thinking a quote from my favorite book right about here," I pulled the shirt over a little and showed him exactly where I wanted it. 

He gulped and nodded, "come on back to my station, we can draw up a design." 

I followed him down a hall way and into a room with walls covered in pictures of what I assumed was his work. 

"I'm Jaxon by the way, but most people just call me Jax," he said as he closed the door behind us. 

"Harley," I smiled taking a seat on the tattooing table. 

"Well Harley what quote would you like?"

"Umm Curiosity often leads to trouble, it's a quote from Alice In Wonderland," I rambled nervously. 

"Good book... and movie, now show me again exactly where and how big you want it?" he grinned. 

I lifted my shirt up exposing the under half of my breasts and pointed to my right side. My lavender thong which had ridden up on my hips was plainly visible now that my shirt was up and I had no doubt that Jax noticed. 

"I was thinking maybe from here to here," I spaced my fingers a few inches apart. 

"Hmm well the text would be too small and blocky if we only did that much, how about from here to here?" he gently replaced my fingers and with his traced a line that spanned from the space just between my breasts to my right side.

"Oh," I gasped and bit my lip trying to hold back a moan.

"That sound good?" he asked licking his lips. 

"Yes," I nodded blushing fiercely.

"Alright sweet heart just lay back while I draw up an outline," Jax said blowing out a long breath as he went to his work area. 

I laid down on my back shifting around until I felt comfortable. 

"So sorry if this is rude, but what happened to your shirt?" I asked my eyes roaming the muscular plains of his back.

"Ink accident, I didn't have a spare today... figured customers wouldn't care and maybe they would get an idea for their own tattoos from mine," he said glancing back at me with a cute smile. "Does it bother you?" he asked.

"No it's uh just... distracting," I confessed making him chuckle.

"Mind if I ask you a question?" he walked over to me and placed a piece of paper against my rib cage, measuring. 

"Go ahead," I blushed. 

"Why a tattoo here?" he asked running his thumb just under my breast. 

I shivered, "well I uh wanted uh a tattoo where it wasn't plainly visible... it was either this or my ass," I chuckled nervously. 

"We can switch," he winked flirtatiously.

For some reason his teasing made me much more comfortable and I began to relax. 

"You just want to see my ass," I joked giggling. 

"Among other things darling," he grinned devilishly. 

"Oh like what?" I smirked biting my lip. 

"You are stepping into dangerous territory sweet heart, you get me talking about all the parts of you I'd very much like to see maybe even touch and there'll be no tattooing going on I can assure you of that," he warned me as his thumb brushed dangerously close to my nipple.

"Well like the tattoo says... curiosity often leads to trouble," I smirked sitting up so my chest brushed against his and our lips were inches apart. 

He moved to stand between my legs pushing his hard on against me. 

"You sure are trouble darling," he said circling my nipple with his thumb. I pulled my shirt the rest of the way off and Jax groaned as he massaged my breasts. 

I reached for the button on his jeans, but he gently pushed my hands away. 

"In good time," he said tugging my sweats down and over my ass. He pulled them down to my knees and then finally completely off. I was left in only my tiny soaked thong with my legs spread open wide. 

Jax pressed his lips to mine kissing me tenderly, "lay down sweet heart."

I laid back bending my knees and spreading my legs. Jax pulled my ass to the edge of the table pushing my legs to either side of the table. He pulled my thong off exposing my bare pussy to his hungry eyes. 

"Damn baby you're so wet," he groaned sliding his finger along my slit. 

"Oh Jax," I moaned as he probed my hole with his finger.

I gripped the sides of the table anchoring myself as he began finger fucking me. He added two fingers to his assault and I screamed in pleasure. I massaged my breasts tugging on my nipples and squeezing hard.

"Mmm I want to watch those titties bounce while I fuck you," jax groaned pulling his cock from his pants and stroking it. 

"Oh my," I said my pussy quivering at the thought of that monstrous cock inside me. 

Jax hooked his arms under my knees lifting me up I wrapped my arms around his neck and moaned as the tip of his cock poked my wide open hole. 

Slowly he pushed his member inside me, my pussy stretching to accommodate him.

"Oh you're so tight," he groaned as he began to pick up the pace. 

His hands gripped my ass cheeks spreading them as he bounced me up and down on his cock. He sucked and licked my nipples as they jiggled from the hard fucking he was giving me. He bit down on one and I screamed thrusting my hips. I'd always liked some pain with my pleasure and this was incredible. 

My pussy tightened around his cock as I began to cum thrusting my hips against his, his cock pounding deep inside me. 

"Cum for me baby, tell me how much you like my cock in your sweet honey pot," Jax said as he continued to impale me. 

"Oh yeah oh fuck it feels so good," I screamed riding the last waves of my orgasm. 

When I finished Jax set me back down on the table and I whimpered at the loss of his dick inside me. Jax climbed up on the table with kneeling over me he wrapped one of my legs around his waist and my other leg rested under his muscular ass. I had never been fucked sideways before, but as he thrust deep inside me I wished I had. My pussy was still sensitive from my previous orgasm so as he rammed his cock inside me I gripped the sides of the table to anchor myself. 

I screamed loudly not caring if anyone heard as he fucked me hard slapping my ass and pulling on my nipples. I squeezed my pussy around his cock as I began to cum yet again. 

"Yeah baby milk my cock, fuck," Jax moaned as he did one final powerful thrust and came inside me. 

He leaned against me and I collapsed onto the table panting. 

"Oh that was amazing," I moaned my pussy still tingling. 

"Damn, yeah it was you're so tight it's ridiculous," Jax grinned sliding his finger in my tender hole making me squirm. 

"Oh baby I don't think I can go again right now," I moaned as he teased me. 

"I know sugar, I just like watching you squirm," Jax chuckled. 

"You're so mean," I gasped as he stuck two fingers inside me. 

"You like it," he smirked. While he finger fucked my hole his thumb began rubbing my clit. 

"Oh fuck, Jax mmm baby it's too much," I moaned, but couldn't help thrusting my hips into his hand. 

"Let go Harley, it's going to feel so good, moan for me darling," he said thrusting his fingers faster inside me. 

"Oh yes! Yes! Yes!" I moaned loudly as my orgasm built higher and higher. 

Jax leaned down and replaced his thumb with his tongue, he flicked it against my nub. 

"I want to taste you baby," he murmured pulling me over the edge. He tongue fucked my hole using his hands to spread me wide as a came yet again. 

He pulled me into his arms as I gasped for breath and gently stroked my hair. 

"Let's get dressed and get something to eat Harley... you're going to need your energy for later," he chuckled and I bit my lip.