 I knocked on the door and it was several moments before she opened it. She looked puzzled until I explained who I was. It was another painful moment before she smiled and invited me. We hugged and then I followed her into the kitchen and she asked me to sit at the table.

It was a small table, and I'd apparently interrupted what she was doing. She busied herself at the sink while I looked around. The table was piled with something -- a quilt that she was working on, or making? Then, I turned my attention to her and studied her as she finished morning dishes. Her skirt swung back and forth as she worked and yet the outline of her hips enticed and intrigued me. We talked lightly until she'd finished the last dish and then she dried her hands and turned as she smoothed the skirt over her hips with those dried hands. That very act of grooming was alluring.

I'd started to stand when she waved for me to stay seated. We continued to talk as she backed up to the table next to me and put her palms against the table's edge. She stood that way with her legs forward at an angle and a portion of her weight resting on her cheeks at the table's edge. The position of her palms on the table raised her proud breasts and I gaped.

As we continued talking, her hand went to her blouse and started loosing one button at a time. Soon, although I could only see the loosened blouse from the side hanging at her waist, I knew it was completely open. She asked questions about my trip, and problems with luggage and car. She asked about my mail at home while I was away. She even asked if anyone was missing me. But, then the hand closest to me pulled back her blouse and began to tease a nipple. She'd not put on a bra this morning. I wanted to help.

But, I knew that she was not a lady to be rushed and so I just enjoyed watching as her finger daintily circled her breast and teased the nipple. I watched as she closed her eyes and her mouth opened. The tip of her tongue came out against her upper lip and rested a moment before beginning a slow, sensuous trace of the entire lip. Her head was back and my view was exquisite. The nipple of her other breast looked erect and hard.

After a few moments, and without a word, she put her hand back onto the table's edge and gently raised and slid herself onto the tabletop. Her legs hung suspended from the knee for just a moment before she raised the nearest and her skirt fell back. She returned to the opposite nipple with one hand and used the other to slowly slide down her tummy and into position. She was still not facing me and I could only get a hint at what she was touching. I wanted to move my head and study her, but I sat quite still.

A shiver of her body aroused me more and she turned slightly and I could see that same finger had barely entered at the top between her lips and was circling her clit. Her finger and her lips glistened in the morning's sunlight. Her eyes were still closed and her head was back. Her circling induced a rabid urge in me to take her now, but I sat engrossed in her.

A few minutes passed, and her self-induced foreplay had caused multiple orgasms before she lowered her head and opened her eyes slightly. With almost bedroom eyes she turned further, brought her nearest leg up and rested the foot on the table next to my hands. She continued to watch as she played and studied me. My hand was busy at the top of my pants under the table.

She now raised her nearest leg well above my head and stretched it, before lowering it on my other side. Her legs were now on each side of me and yet her fingers were still in position. Her nipples were indeed hard and pointing at me as she palmed one and circled it. Her scent was strong and permeated me and I could see clearly as her finger toyed with her clit. Her entire hand was now coated with moisture and I could see tiny beads at each lip.

Now both of her legs were brought up and the feet rested flat on the table at each side of my shoulders. Her finger left her clit and lazily traced her lips, before entering them and spreading them as she caressed the inside. Her moan was now even louder and I savored my view as I opened my zipper.

Suddenly she stopped and brought both hands down. She placed a finger alongside each lip; her hands flat against her inner thighs and then opened and spread her lips wide before me. She opened her eyes again and brought her head down to look at me, and then her eyes seemed to plead with me.

I brought both hands forward and slid them beneath her cheeks. I gripped her cheeks and slid her forward and she was still held fully spread by those dainty hands. Just as a man might eat a watermelon without spoon or fork, I bent my head forward and tasted her lightly with my tongue. Slowly I raised my tongue until I found her clit and stroked it. The pressure of her hands holding spread lips was intense as I licked from front to back and returned. I licked each full lip and explored each soft fold.

Her taste was as sweet as the finest chocolate and as creamy as it melted against my tongue. I buried my face in a long passionate kiss and still held her against my face. I could feel the back of each of her fingers at my cheek as I labored and she maintained herself open to me.

I buried my tongue deep and began further inspection as I explored and stroked. Her hips began to tremble and then they were wracked with spasm after spasm and I heard her call my name.