 The Hot Tub, the Phone Call, and the After Party
aka My First Time on the Phone

***

I had been married about 27 years when the following event transpired. I have written about a couple of isolated sexual events that occurred during college which you may read about if you wish, neither of which consisted of any sort of a "relationship". Those were mostly just heavy petting infused by a little too much to drink.

You might also read in my previous writings about an event that transpired while I was a counselor at a summer church camp, which is where the fling between a youth minister by the name of Edwin and I started. This story picks up at the end of that glorious summer camp, where on the last night of camp Edwin and I had slipped behind my cabin where he silently ravished me in the darkness from behind. 

After the camp was over I didn't hear much of anything out of Edwin for a while. He was a busy husband and youth minister and I was a busy mom and housewife, and also volunteered with our youth at church. I was sure Edwin felt terribly guilty about our little event at camp. I felt a little guilty myself, not because of my husband but because I had a hand in corrupting Edwin, a man of the cloth, and a married one at that. My husband, as you may also read in my other writings, had an affair early in our marriage, so I kind of held that in the back of my mind, and have to say there was a little bit of "getting even" involved in my choices involving Edwin. My husband seemed, at least in my mind, to have lost interest in me, and it seemed like he was always in bed early, while I have always been a night owl. 

When Edwin sent me a friend request on that popular online site that we all know and love, I was a bit nervous but of course quite excited. It seems that his wife, like my husband, was also an early to bed type of person. Edwin and I began to chat in the evenings after our spouses had gone to bed. We became extremely close and discussed many, many issues from our beliefs to our marriages to comparing notes about dealing with kids in our youth groups at church.

After a few weeks of this banter, Edwin asked if I would meet him so that he could give me a Christmas present he had for me. I was nervous of course but agreed. We both only had a few minutes of free time, so we pulled our vehicles down a dirt road and stopped them. I got in the passenger side of his car, and after exchanging pleasantries he handed me a gift. I handed him one as well. I had gotten him cologne and he had gotten me perfume. With all of our online chatting and up to this point, Edwin had not made one "inappropriate" comment and had not mentioned the events of camp the past summer. However, as soon as we finished with the gifts he leaned and began to kiss me. His kisses tasted wonderful and I kissed him back hungrily. His hand dropped to my breast. I had on a thick soft sweater over a turtleneck blouse so there was a lot of cushion between his hand and me, but it felt very nice, and I let him massage me for a good while as we kissed. Then my phone rang. It was my husband, of course, asking me to pick up something for him at Wallyworld. Edwin and I were both nervous already, in fact his hands were shaking like crazy. So the phone call kind of brought an abrupt end to the evening. We quickly said our goodbyes and went on our way. 

The next time we chatted online the conversation quickly turned to sex. Right off the bat, Edwin apologized for "pouncing" on me, saying his wife rarely if ever was conjugal with him any more and that he was just starved for attention. I felt sorry for him and indeed could identify with his feelings. He went on and on about how beautiful and sexy he found me and how my kisses tasted so delicious to him. I loved listening to his compliments and returned them.

He then stated that he was really turned on chatting with me and asked if he could call me because he really wanted to hear my voice. I told him my husband was just in the next room and he would definitely wake up and hear me talking on the phone. Edwin begged more, so I decided to go out to our hot tub, which was in an enclosed room, and let him call me there. I locked the door and messaged him that it was okay to call. I told him that I was undressing to get in the hot tub and that seemed to drive him wild. His voice was labored and excited and his breath heavy. I slipped into my swimsuit and climbed into the warm water, careful to keep my phone dry, and turned the jets on their lowest setting in order to keep the roar of the tub down so I could hear Edwin. The ensuing conversation went something like this...

"I wish so bad that I was there with you right now", Edwin whispered.

"Mmmm me too. I'd love it", I purred. 

"I'd kiss your sweet lips over and over and then press kisses along your bare neckline". 

He was breathing heavily. 

"I'd let you have your way."

"Mmm good" he said. "In that case I'd slip the straps of your suit off your shoulders and cover your breasts with kisses. I'd love to be sucking on and kissing your nipples right now."

I slipped my free hand inside the top of my suit and began to massage my breast. "Mmmm I'd love to feel that."

"Are you touching them for me?" It was as if he could see me. 

I giggled. "Yes I am. The warm water feels so good. And you are getting me hot." That was an understatement. I was wildly turned on. I had only heard of phone sex, never actually done it. I centered myself on top of one of the up-jets which was spurting a light stream of water. I have to say the vibrations were amazing, and talking to Edwin made it even more so.

"My cock is like a rock for you right now" he crooned. "If I were there I'd slip your swimsuit aside and put it inside you."

"Ohhh god Edwin". It's all I could think of to say. I wasn't used to hearing him say such things, but it turned me on to hear them. I certainly wasn't used to using that sort of language. I stretched the crotch of my suit to the side and let the warm jet have its way on my swollen little bud. 

"Are you rubbing it now?", he whispered. 

"Yes...(pause)...and there is a water jet there too."

"Mmmmm feel my hard cock sliding in and out of you Dee. Feel the head touch you deep". I couldn't believe my ears. Were these words really coming from my little minister friend? They had me at a boiling point. 

I pulled the soft skin of my mound upward, exposing my clit fully to the stream of water. "I think I'm going to cum." I whispered, my breath catching between each word. 

"Ohh yes Dee I want you to. Cum for me. Imagine my hard cock inside you and my kisses all over you. Imagine me french kissing you as we cum together". He got quiet for a moment. I could hear him panting, obviously masturbating like crazy. It drove me over the edge to think of him jerking off. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhh goddddd" my orgasm rocked through me hard.

"MMmmmmmm" Edwin's pace suddenly relaxed. "That was sooooo good, Dee."

"Here too" I managed to say. I was numb from cumming, and my clit was sensitive, but I was still centered indirectly on the jet. I felt another wave begin to build inside me.

"We should do this for real one of these days" Edwin offered, oblivious to the fact that I was humping my finger and cumming a second time. The little waves became ocean waves and then a tidal wave. I muffled a scream on my forearm. 

"Maybe so". I laid there for a few moments, fingering myself mindlessly, listening to him ramble about his schedule and all that he had going on, but not really paying attention. My mind was fuzzy. I climbed out of the jacuzzi and stripped out of my swimsuit. 

Edwin could hear me making noise. "What are you doing that's so noisy?" 

"Changing. I'm completely naked for ya now." I giggled. 

"Oh my god I want to see". 

"Pfft no you don't I'm fat." I looked in the mirror we had mounted on the back of the changing room door. My large round white breasts were my best feature. After that it got a little rough. There were the scars of three C-Sections marking my tummy. Then it got better, with the little red fern which covered my mound. I slipped on a white terrycloth robe.

Edwin begged. "Pleeaaaase Dee. Send me something sexy. Here I'll send something for you first." 

"Okay. let's hang up now and text". I hit the red disconnect. 

I waited a moment, brushing my hair, before the phone buzzed with his text. It was a pic of Edwin's cock. I'm glad he couldn't see or hear me because I giggled at the sight. It was a cute little guy, I'd say maybe 4 to 5 inches long, stubby and fat but proudly erect. I had felt it inside me at summer camp, but had never seen it. "Did you get it?" ...another text message arrived. 

"Yes he's cute. I like him." I texted back. Ugh now I had to send him something back. What to do. "Hold on a sec."

I let the terry robe fall off of me to the floor, held my phone to the mirror, and covered my tummy with my free hand, lowered the camera so my face didn't show, and snapped the photo which showed my nude torso from my neck down to just below my pubes. "Delete this when you've had a look please", I implored. 

"Of course" came the answer. "My god you are beautiful". 

"Thanks hon. Gotta go. Good night" I was embarrassed and wished immediately that I hadn't sent the photo. But what's done is done. I shrugged, put the terry robe back on and went to the bedroom where my husband was peacefully sleeping. I specifically remember that the alarm clock read 11:44.

I slipped beneath the sheets, naked, and It woke him when I did. He reached for me and found bare breasts and more, which is the universal wife language sign for "fuck me tonight". So he did. He kissed and fondled my breasts and slipped his fingers through my red curls and found me, of course, amazingly wet and slippery. I rolled so that my back was facing him, and he drove his now swollen cock inside me. It felt amazing. 

This is really bad, I know, but I closed my eyes that night and imagined it was Edwin's cock ramming into me. My husband reached around and grasped my right boob, his arm laying across the left one. He held me tight and thrusted harder. He was more erect that night than I remembered him being in a good while. After an extended time, more than usual, he clutched me to him and poured semen deep inside my womb. We faded into sleep for a few moments before I awoke with his wet noodle slipping out of me and cool semen trailing down my leg and bottom. Normally I would rush to clean up. But that night I just laid there grinning in the dark, drifted into dreamland, and woke up the next morning with my legs stuck together with dried semen.