 Driving away, I glanced at Maggie in my rear view mirror and wondered if I should have stayed there for awhile, but the curve in the road changed my mind as she disappeared. I reached in the bag for an apple again thinking how tempting it would be to spend the night with her but kept driving, enjoying the apple and still trying to make sense out of what had just happened.

"That was so wild. Nothing like that ever happened to me before," I thought to myself. "Of course nothing like that happened before, dummy, you rarely leave the cabin. How can you have experiences like that if you don't get out into the world?" That was a shocking realization that made me question how I live my life. 

I finished the apple and put the core in the bag. I picked up the peach, feeling its slightly fuzzy skin and thought about Maggie's words, "wet and juicy." I thought about Thoreau's words about traveling wide and far at Walden and thought, "bet he never met anyone like Maggie in his little cabin." I thought about the choices I made, never knowing what I was missing. I thought of Robert Frost's poem, "The Road Not Taken." All these years living in the cabin, the woods, my routine, content and enjoying the road I had chosen, but now, suddenly, I was on another road, a new road, a new perspective. I was now on the road not taken before and unsure where it would take me. Somehow, this uncertainty was exciting. I felt more alive than ever before. 

It was getting dark and I still had no idea where I was. I hadn't seen any signs and had no idea where I would end up later. I knew I had to find a motel or some place to stay. I didn't want to sleep in the car. The woods were thick and dark on both sides of the narrow road. "Where am I?" I thought,. Turning on the radio to see if I could get the public radio station, but all I got was static and one station with someone talking about Jesus and dying for our sins. 

"I hope I find a town or a motel or even a road sign" I thought. "I'm sure I'll find something, if I keep going," I said, beginning to feel uncertain about this adventure. I felt like Odysseus lost at sea, looking for a port, an answer, something that would soothe the restless urge that compelled me to leave my cozy cabin and take off on this journey. "Where will this all end up?" I wondered as I drove though the darkness.

About a half hour later, I came to a four way intersection and saw a sign with names of towns on it and arrows. I didn't recognize any of the names so still didn't know which way to turn. "One of names was "Flowertown." I liked the sound of that one better than "Titusville," so that's where I headed. After about ten minutes, I saw a sign, "Welcome to Flowertown," but it still seemed desolate. I drove for another five minutes, saw some lights ahead and finally a sign that said, Pie in the Sky Pizza. Aside from being intrigued by the name, I was glad to find a place I could stop. I pulled into the parking where there was a small pickup truck and a brown Saab with a dented fender.

I was hungry, tired of driving and hoping someone would know of a motel nearby. The pizza place was empty except for a man in an apron taking a pizza out of the oven. At one of the tables was a young woman filling salt and pepper shakers. She looked up at me as I entered, "We're about to close," she said. 

"Oh," I said, "Can I get something to go?" 

I walked over to her and noticed her blue eyes and dark complexion. She had short black curly hair and long dangling earrings. She wore a low cut tight yellow tank-top, and standing above her, I could see her tits as she leaned over the salt and pepper shakers. 

"I've been on the road all day and just want something to go." I said. "Also, is there a motel or something like that around here? I need a place for the night."

"Sorry, the kitchen is closed," she said. Then she called to the guy in the kitchen, "Hey, Al, can we serve this guy a pizza?"

"He can have some of yours," he said, taking the pizza out of the oven. "This is it for the night."

"I don't want to take any of yours," I said. "That must be for your family."

"No family. It's my supper. I don't like to eat until I finish work."

"I don't know," I said. "I could buy a slice or two from you, if you don't mind. I'm really hungry."

"You don't need to buy," she said. "I'll share some with you."

"Are you sure?" I asked,

"Yes, sit down and I'll bring it over." 

"That's very generous of you," I said, surprised that she was so willing to share her pizza with a stranger. 

"No problem, I couldn't finish a whole pizza myself and would end up taking it home to my dog," she said. "He loves pizza," she added. 

As I sat down, she pushed the shakers to the side and then stood up. She was small, not more than five-feet tall. She had on a short tight black skirt that barely came to mid-thigh and a small red apron tied around her narrow waist. I noticed her tits were big for a small woman. When she stood up, she took the apron off. 

"Be right back," she said. As she walked towards the kitchen, I could not help but notice her round ass in the tight skirt. "What's happening to me, meeting two sexy women in one day?" 

While waiting, I glanced around the little pizza place and up at the ceiling that was painted blue with white clouds and pictures of pizzas. "That's clever," I thought, remembering the name of the place, Pie in the Sky." 

"Want something to drink?" she asked, as she returned to the table. "I'm going to have a beer," she added. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra because of the way her big tits jiggled. I loved the way her legs looked in her short skirt. 

"Great," I said, "I'll have a beer, but it's my treat." I added. 

"We have beer on tap," she said, putting the pizza down. "Be right back," she added. I couldn't take my eyes off of her ass and her short skirt as she walked away. "What a body," I thought, noticing how her hips swayed as she walked. 

I looked down at the pizza that was still steaming. It had spinach and green peppers. I was impressed with how good it looked considering this place was in the middle of nowhere. When she returned, she sat down, put the beer in front of me and said, "Nothing like a good beer at the end of the day." She picked up her mug and took a big gulp, ending with a big "ahhhhhhh."

"It's really nice of you to share this pizza," I said. "It looks great!"

"Al makes great pizza," she said. "He had a place in Philadelphia years ago but got sick of the city and came up here to Maine for the quiet life." She picked up a slice of pizza, took a bite and then said, "And believe me, it's quiet around here."

I took a bite of pizza and felt it burn the top of my mouth, "Wow, that's hot," I said and took a big gulp of my beer. 

"Are there any motels nearby?" I asked. "I've been driving all day and need to find a place."

She shook her head then laughed, "Motels, around here...are you kidding?" She took another bite of her pizza and smiled at me. "If it weren't for this place, you'd think you were in a ghost town."

"Really, so how does Al make a living if this is a ghost town?" I asked. 

"Cause he makes great pizza and people come from pretty far away to get his pizza, that's why, plus there isn't much competition," she said. "This place rocks on weekends," she added. 

I took a bite of pizza, another sip of beer. "So you don't know of a motel around here," I asked, hoping she'd think of a place. 

"Might be one in Albion, but that's thirty miles from here," she added, finishing her beer. 

"By the way, my name is Anna. What's yours?"

"Hello, Anna." I said, reaching across to shake her hand. "My name is Thom with an h."

Anna sat back in her chair and stretched her legs straight out, next to the table. When she did that her shirt got tighter against her tits and her skirt rose up on her legs. I was getting aroused looking at her long legs barely covered by her skirt. 

"So where are you heading?" she asked. "I mean, how did you ever end out here in little Flowertown?" 

"Well, that's a good question, but to make a long story short, I just decided this morning to take off and see where I'd end up. I just started driving with no idea where I'm heading. No real destination." 

"That's pretty wild," she said. "But want to know something," she added, "that's how I ended up here." 

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

"I was in graduate school at NYU, finishing up my Masters in International Economics and one day just said, what am I doing here and just left. I drove north. I went to a camp near here when I was a kid and I have an aunt who had a house in Flowertown so I came here...that was six months ago and here I am working as a waitress." Just then Al called over to us and said, "Let's wrap it up. I 'm ready to call it a day," he said, turning the light out in the kitchen.

"Mind if we sit here and talk," Anna said. "I'll make sure the door is locked." 

When Al left, he turned off the lights on the other side of the dining room, leaving one on just over our table. It was pretty dark now. "How about another beer," she asked. "I could go for another one. It's nice to have someone to talk to," she added. "I'd love to, but I better get on the road and find a place to stay for the night."

"You're not going to find a place," she said. "Have a beer with me and you can stay at my house for the night," she said. "I've got room and... you never know what might happen." She looked at me and smiled. 

When she got up to get more beer, she stood by me and moved her legs against mine. She looked down at me and smiled. I glanced up at her while she stood touching my leg, her tits were about an inch from my face. My cock was growing hard in my jeans. When she went over to the tap and poured two more beers, she glanced over at me and smiled. 

She came back to the table and placed the beer in front of me. "Are you sure you don't mind me staying at your house?" I asked. "I mean, I'm a stranger."

"That even makes it better," she said. 

"What do you mean?" I asked. I took a big gulp of my beer. 

Anna had her mug at her lips and looked at me over it. She took a drink, put the mug down and smiled. "You know what I mean." 

"No, I'm not sure what you mean." I said. Actually, I did know what she meant and could tell she was teasing me. I was getting into her game. "What makes being strangers better?" I asked. 

"It's hot!" she said, "two strangers fucking each other...no history, no obligations. Just raw fucking. That's what I meant."

I was stunned by her bluntness but liked her open honesty. 

"I bet your cock is hard already, isn't it?" she asked, taking a sip of her beer. "I'm turning you on, aren't I?" She looked me in the eyes.

"Yes," I said. "My cock is hard." I couldn't believe I was talking to her like this. It was so unlike me. 

"You want to fuck me, don't you?" she asked. 

"Yes, I want to fuck your brains out," I said. "I want to ram my cock in your pussy," I said, enjoying talking dirty to her.

"Let's get out of here," she said. "I don't know if I can wait to get home. I'm so horny!"

When we stood up, she stood next to me and grabbed me by the balls. She rubbed her hand up and down on my cock. "Ummmmmm. I want this cock in me," she said, "Take me now!"

She put her hands on my ass and pulled me against her crotch. She started moving against my cock, rubbing up and down against me and moaning. "I love this. I love how you feel. I'm so hot."

She then unzipped my jeans and pulled my cock out. She lifted up her skirt, and squirmed out of her panties. "Fuck me!" she said. She sat on the table, spread her legs, then leaned back, her cunt open to me. "Come on and fuck me!"

I couldn't believe what was happening. I stood between her wide open legs, my cock at her entrance. I looked down at her leaning back on the table, her tits tight against her shirt, her nipples poking straight up. I moved my cock up and down on the outside of her wet slit. I leaned forward and Anna wrapped her legs around me and pulled me into her. "Oh, yes," she screamed. "Yes! Yes! Fuck me!" 

I thrust into her and pulled out and then thrust in again, the table moving forward with each thrust. "That's it," she gasped. "Ohhhhmygod, I love it. Fuck me, harder. HARDER! FUCK ME HARDER!" she shouted, lifting herself off the table. 

I was ramming her with my cock as hard as I could. Her legs were wrapped around my waist. Some how I managed to pick her up, my arms around her back and I moved her to the floor, never taking my cock out of her. When we were on the floor she pushed me on my back and began riding my cock. She straddled me, lifting her self off my cock and then plunging down on it, going up and down, up and down, harder and faster, riding me and screaming, OHHHHHHHGOD. FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" 

Her big tits were bouncing all over the place. She was out of her mind, looking up at the ceiling and shouting OHHHHH FUCK!"

I could not believe I was on the floor of a pizza place in the middle of nowhere fucking someone I had just met. I looked up at her tits bouncing above me and reached for them, grabbing them rubbing them as hard as I could, loving how soft they were. "Ohhhhhhmygod" she shouted again. "I'M CUMMING. HERE IT COMES. OHHHHHHHHGOD I'M CUMMMMMMMMING!"

She shuddered and convulsed as an orgasm swept over her. She then collapsed on top of me, panting, "Oh wow," she moaned. My cock was still in her. I pushed her over on to her back, grabbed my cock and plowed into her. I was on the verge of cumming. Her hot tight cunt swallowed my cock as I thrust into her with all my strength and rammed her over and over. 

"FUCK ME!" she screamed. 'CUM IN ME!" 

I could feel my sperm boiling in my balls, the tremble rippling up my legs as I rammed into her. "Here it comes," I said, through gritted teeth. "I'm cumming. I'm cumming and just as I erupted in her, I screamed, HERE IT COMES!" as spurt after spurt filled her cunt. 

I then collapsed on her and then rolled over and lay next to her on the floor looking up at the blue ceiling and white clouds with pizzas. Neither of us could speak as we tried to recover from the intensity of our orgasms.

Finally, she sat up and looked down at me and said, "Let's get going, stranger, my house is ten minutes from here. "I think we have a wild night ahead of us."