 It seems as if it has taken forever to get to this point. I have teased, fondled, and satisfied you. Finally it's my turn. I must have you inside me.

You turn to me, finally I can see the need, the want in your beautiful, soulful hazel eyes. "I want you," I hear you say in your southern drawl. "I want to hear you moan. I want to hear you beg for me."

I wrap my arms around your neck and pull you towards me, a slow leisurely kiss. I can smell your scent, your muskiness. I taste you and want to devour you until I can no longer breathe. You push me up against the wall with such force, even though we are still lip locked it knocks the breath out of me. "You think you can tease me and not get payback?" You say as you have me pinned.

"You enjoyed it, did you not?" I ask breathlessly.

"Of course, I did. But not as much as I'm going to enjoy you."

Your kiss is hard, passionate and I can't breathe or move. My legs go weak with this change in you. Suddenly I can feel my wetness erupt. Just your voice, your kiss gets me wet but your forcefulness has me shivering in anticipation. With one hand you have both my hands pinned, your other gently traces down my cheek, along my neck and your fingers ever so slightly circle my hardening nipple. 

I moan in delight, "Oh, my god." Then without warning you take my nipple between your thumb and forefinger and pinch tightly. "Ouch!" I yell in pain as my body jerks in response but I feel a trickle down my inner thigh.

"You like that, do you?" You ask. "Don't you?" You say more harshly when I don't immediately answer.

"Yes. Yes, I do," I respond. "I want you now. I want you in me."

"Oh, no. Not now, not for a while. Turnabout is fair play," you tease.

As you kiss me again, all I can respond with is a muffled, "Oh-oh."

Still kissing me, you guide me to the bed. I feel the edge of the mattress hit behind my knees. Then I feel myself falling backwards as you push me back onto the bed. "So, will you be a good little girl or do I have to tie you up?"

"I can be both a good little girl and a very bad girl."

"Hmm, I love the sound of that, Darlin'," you say softly, your accent just a purr. "I hope you're ready because I'm going to make you moan and writhe and scream. I don't want you to hold anything back."

You know me all too well, even after all these years. I restrain myself and have a hard time letting go, letting the passion overtake me. "Yes, dear," I promise.

"Now grab the headboard with your hands." I do as I'm commanded. "And spread your legs apart." Again, I heed your instructions. The anticipation is killing me. All I want is to feel you pumping your cock deep inside me. 

"Hurry, please, I need you."

"Patience is a virtue." The change of pace is so infuriating. Slow, then fast and hard and now you're going at a snail's pace. I remind myself that I probably deserve this after what I put you through. I gaze at the length of you as you stand at the foot of the bed. You are already getting hard again- how stunning you look. Oh how I love your stamina. 

You crawl onto the bed and straddle me. I can feel the length of your hard cock against my stomach as you lean forward to kiss me. My hands ache to let go of the headboard and reach down to stroke you but this is your time to be in charge.

Your kiss is soft as you search for my tongue. I want more and try to suck you into me. You pull back slightly, suck on my lower lip and nibble. Your kisses trail down my neck and I can feel my whole body erupt in goose pimples. 

Soon I feel your warm breath and wet tongue on my nipple. Playfully your tongue encircles my taut nipple and then you begin to suck. The other breast is caressed by your hand and the nipple playfully tweaked. As you pinch and play, your mouth sucks deeply and I can feel my body start to quiver. "Oh, that feels so good. Don't stop. Suck harder please."

You obligingly obey and soon move to the other breast. Circling, tasting, sucking. I feel your hand suddenly between us. Your cock is getting harder and harder with each of my moans. "Please, touch me." I feel your hand covering my mound and a finger parting my lower lips. 

"My, you are a wet one, aren't you?" You coo as you stare down at me.

"Um hmm. You make me this way." With that I feel a long slender finger plunge into me. I writhe into your hand begging for your finger to go deeper. You artfully stroke me and I can feel an immense buildup deep inside me. 

"Don't hold back," you remind me. "Let go." 

"I'm trying," I tell you as I feel myself climbing to the edge of an uncertain abyss. "Don't stop, please." 

You disregard my pleading and remove your finger and move down so your face between my legs. I can feel your hot breath on me, so close, so amazingly close. 

"Please," I beg.

"What do you want me to do?" You playfully ask. 

"You know what I want you to do." I have a hard time verbalizing what I want. Trying not to let go of the headboard I try to shimmy towards your mouth. 

You inch away, "I do know, but I want to hear you say it."

"Please, suck me, lick me, and make me cum."

On command, your mouth is suddenly on me. I feel you spread my legs as your tongue spreads my lips. You lap hungrily along my clit, your tongue circling and then sucking. "Oh, my god," I say under my breath. "Oh, my god, don't stop." My hands let go of the headboard and my fingers grasp at your soft curls guiding you go to deeper. 

"I want to hear you scream."

As you suck and lick, I feel your long finger again invade me and then another. I'm so wet that you have no problem getting two fingers in me, plunging in and out as you continue to suck. My body uncontrollably starts to buck and writhe but you continues your assault. 

Finally you get your wish as I scream, "Don't stop! Please don't stop!" The edge of the precipice is so very close and you plunge in and out faster, harder and deeper; tongue flicking and sucking my clit until I have no sense of what is actually going on. Finally, I feel myself step off the edge and scream as I fall, "Oh my god! Fuck!"

My body shudders uncontrollably as I fall. I try to push you away but you're holding on tight. The spasms wrack my body, giant ones at first followed by hundreds of little aftershocks. I see you looking down at me, my juices on your chin, smiling as I continue to shudder. I try to smile back but I'm still disoriented. You lean down to kiss me and I can taste myself on your lips.

Before I have a chance to gather my bearings, I feel you plunge your long, hard cock into me. Surprised, not thinking my body had a chance to recover I immediately respond. I wrap my arms around your neck and my legs around your waist wanting to feel you deep inside me. "Lord, you feel so good," you drawl into my ear. 

Slowly, you pump in and out, long strokes and I can feel the tip of your cock just inside me before you plunge back in. "You feel so good in me, please don't stop," I beg.

"Not yet, not yet," I hear you chide. The pumping begins to quicken, your breath does the same. Deeper, harder, faster, you go. I feel that precipice approaching again. I try to pull you closer but you won't let me. 

Suddenly you stop, pull out and flip me over. "Put your ass in the air." 

I obey, ass in the air and head on the pillow. I feel you plunge in deep. Your cock is reaching areas I never knew existed. I have to grab the headboard to prevent myself from being thrown forward. I grunt each time you enter me. The precipice I had just backed away from is approaching again. 

You reach around and your fingers find my clit and begin rubbing and your cock continues to pound into me. The shuddering starts deep within my core and expands throughout my body, I can't catch my breath. 

"Oh my god, I'm about ready to cum," I hear you say as you continue your assault. 

"Yes!" I scream. "Cum inside me, please! Hurry!" Faster, deeper, harder...then I feel you suddenly stop. With the twitching of your cock, I can feel the warm liquid spread inside me before I start to fall once again.

When I awake, I feel the weight of you on top of me. Our bodies are melded together and our breaths are in sync. "Did I scream loud enough for you?" 

I can feel you smile as you wrap your arms around me, "Thank goodness I don't have any neighbors."