 While I followed Anna's brown Saab to her house, I tried to make sense out of what was happening. I had no idea where I was or even how I'd ever find my way back home. "Things like this don't happen in real life," I said to myself. "If I read the events of this day in a book, I'd say this is fantasy, unbelievable." The events of the day went through my mind--stopping at an isolated farm stand, finding a sexy woman and fucking in her barn and then a few hours later ending up in an isolated pizza place fucking another sexy woman on the floor was beyond my comprehension, but I could not deny this journey was introducing me to a side of life I had never experienced before. I had fucked more in one day than I have in the last five years. 

Anna turned on her right turn signal and I followed her into a driveway and saw a tiny farmhouse with a dim light on the porch. It was dark. I parked next to Anna's car, got out and followed her up the narrow path. She had a flashlight to show the way. While we were walking, I stopped and looked up at the sky and marveled at the starry night. "Look at all those stars," I said. She stopped and looked up. 

"Amazing," she said. "I come out here at night and think about my being here on this tiny spot looking up at the universe."

"Look at the moon," I said. "Here we are looking up at the same moon that people looked at hundreds of thousands of years ago."

"Right. I've thought that," she said. "And here we are two people who never met before—you just taking off for the unknown and I basically did the same thing and now we're fucking each other."

Her saying that got my cock stirring again. I could not believe this was happening to me. I stood there looking up at the stars trying to make sense out of something that could not be explained.

"Let's go in. My aunt is almost ninety. She's hard of hearing but her mind is as sharp as can be." Anna said. "She's sound asleep by now." 

"Think she'll mind you bringing a stranger here?" I asked. 

"Not Aunt Paula," she said. "She's pretty wild herself. She always says everyone who comes to her house is God-sent and welcomed. She's one of the most open, trusting people I know. She's definitely not your typical old woman." 

"Interesting," I thought. 

"That's why I didn't hesitate to share my pizza with you or let you stay here for the night," Anna continued. "I learned from her that if you're open to what the universe provides, open to life, you will learn important lessons. Life's surprises are gifts to be accepted—even when they don't seem like it at the time." 

"Very interesting philosophy," I said, thinking that maybe this is what I'm suppose to learn from taking off like I did this morning. 

"Come on in, it's chilly out here," she said and we continued up to the house.

When we entered the dark house, Anna turned off the flashlight. Except for a dim light at the top of the stairs, it was pitch black. Anna turned to me, looked me in the eyes, smiled a mischievous smile and then pushed me up against the front door and whispered in my ear, "I want to give you a blow job!" 

She started to unbuckle and unzip my jeans and then said something that really surprised me. "I want to be your slut!" 

"You do," I said, surprised, feeling my cock get hard as she pulled it out. 

"This is my fantasy to be fucked by a stranger," she said, "This is my chance and I'm going to take it. I want you to use me, treat me rough, fuck me hard. Make me your slut! Tell me what you want!"

She was on her knees, holding my cock. She was looking up at me, her short skirt high on her bare thighs. I decided I would play her game. 

"Suck my cock," I said. "Come on baby and give me a blow job!" I never expected to hear me say something like that, but it felt good. It was fun being bad.

She started licking the tip of my cock. I grabbed her hair and pushed my cock into her mouth and heard her moan as she swallowed my cock, then took it out and started licking it up and down with her tongue. She was making sounds as she licked, "Ummmmmmmm" 

"That's it baby, fuck me with your mouth," I said, holding her head and looking down at her hungry mouth, licking my cock like it was a lolli-pop. 

Then she swallowed my cock again, going up and down. Then she took it out of her mouth and put her hand around my cock and started moving her hand up and down, faster and faster, her hand squeezing my cock then she put it back in her mouth. She was so out of control with lust, she couldn't stop sucking and licking and moaning. I didn't think I could last much longer. I felt my sperm rising as I fucked her mouth. She sensed I was about to cum and went back to masturbating me with her hand. 

"Cum for me" she said. "Cum all over me. I want your cum all over me." She let go of my cock and pulled off her tank top revealing her big tits. She then lay on her back on the floor and pulled me down on her, took my cock and wrapped her tits around my cock. "Fuck my tits," she screamed, squeezed her tits around my cock, licking the tip as it came up to her mouth, taking me deeper into her mouth, with each thrusts, sucking and making hungry moans as I moved in and out of her wet mouth. I could feel my sperm boiling and knew I couldn't hold out much longer. Her loud moans as she sucked and her tits squeezing my cock were more than I could bare and suddenly my cock exploded as spurt after spurt went all over her face and tits and I screamed, "I'm cummmming! Here it comes, I'm cummmmmmming!" I couldn't imagine a more intense orgasm as I came in her mouth and watched her licking the cum off of my cock, making hungry slurping sounds. She was looking up at me as she licked, while I watched her tongue moving up and down my cock. I could not believe I was on the floor of this house in the middle of nowhere getting the blowjob of my life.

We were both out of breath and couldn't move. Finally she got up, took my hand and said, "Let's go up stairs. I'm not done with you," She walked up the steps ahead of me and I couldn't take my eyes off her round ass. At the top of the steps she put her arms around me and I could feel her tits pressed against my chest. Then she stepped back and I could see her nipples standing straight out. I couldn't resist grabbing her tits and started licking her nipple. She pulled my head against her and said, "Ohhhh that feels so good, Suck my tits. I love it."

She then pulled away and ran down the hall to a closed door. She turned and looked at me, her tits standing straight out, her legs were spread wide and her tight skirt high on her thighs. She looked sexy and slutty. "Come get me," she said, opening the door and urged me towards her with her finger.

When I entered the room, she was sitting on the edge of the bed with her legs spread. Her finger was in her cunt. She looked at me standing in the doorway and said, "I want you to eat me!"

I got down on my knees between her wide open thighs, took her hand away from her cunt and started licking her pussy lips from one end to the other. She was wet and I loved the musky smell that filled the room. She was in heat. She lifted herself up, pushing her cunt hard against my mouth. "Ohhhhhhmygod Eat me, harder, harder!" I was licking her deeper, fucking her harder with my tongue and trying to hold her writhing body still. 

My tongue found her clit which was sticking out like a small penis. I licked and sucked and she screamed, "That's it," she said. "Right there, ohhhhhhhhmy god, eat me. Keep doing that!"

I managed to get my hand under her and grabbed her ass, pulling her cunt harder against my tongue. She was lifting herself up so that my tongue would go deeper. "EAT ME! EAT ME! THAT IT! OHHHHHHHHHMYGOD."

I couldn't believe my cock was now hard as a rock again. Her screaming was driving me crazy. I stood up and looked down at her with her legs wide open. I took off my jeans in a hurry and tossed them in back of me. She looked up at me then at my cock standing straight out. 

"Move up on the bed," I said.. Her legs were spread wide apart. She looked up at me and then at my cock. "Don't stop! I want you to eat me. I'm so hot! I can't stand it."

"Shut up, slut" I said and got on my knees between her open legs. I grabbed her ankles and pushed her legs so that her knees were next to her tits. I got between her legs, my cock at the rim of her cunt and teased her with my cock. 

DON'T TEASE ME, YOU BASTARD. FUCK ME!" she shouted. 

I moved my cock up and down, playing with her, teasing her, wanting to drive her crazy. I was driving myself crazy. I had never known such lust. 

"You want me to fuck you, don't you," I said. "You want it bad don't you?."

"Don't do this to me," she said. "Come on, don't tease me, god damn it!"

I was moving my cock up and down her wet slit, enjoying her desperate need to be fucked. She was lifting herself up trying to get me in her, but I wanted her to beg. "Tell me what you want," I said. "Come on, baby, beg for my cock." I loved my power over her. 

PLEASE FUCK ME, GIVE IT TO ME, FUCK ME HARD, NOW. I NEED YOUR BIG COCK IN ME!" 

"Say it again. Tell me what you want." I said, holding my cock up and down her dripping cunt. 

"FUCK ME! YOU BASTARD FUCK ME!" 

'Okay, here it comes," I said, through gritted teeth and rammed my cock into her tight wet cunt with all my strength I pulled out and rammed into her again and again and again. I was out of my mind as I fucked her as hard as I could, grunting with each thrust and loving her shouting, OHHHHHHHHHHHHMYGOD. FUCK ME HARDER, HARDER, HARDER, GIVE ME YOUR COCK OHHHHHHHHH!" She took her legs and wrapped them around my waist and pulled me deeper into her. FUCK ME, BABY, HARDER!" 

I didn't know where my strength came from. I was like a wild animal and so was she as we fucked with raw abandon. TAKE IT, BABY! TAKE IT! TAKE IT!" I said as I pounded her cunt, moving my cock up and down and around her cunt before pulling out.

SCREW ME, THAT'S HOW I LIKE IT. SCREW YOUR SLUT!"

Her words took me over the edge and I lifted my cock out of her and rammed into her—ram, ram, ram, ram, until we were both cumming. "I'M CUMMMING" I shouted as I felt my cock explode in her and she screamed, "OHHHHHHGOD HERE IT COMES, HERE IT COMES I'M CUMMING." 

Her strong legs were pulling me into her hot cunt and she was lifting herself off the bed, screaming, "FUCK ME FUCK ME GIVE ME YOUR CUM! DON'T STOP!" "I'M CUMMING" I shouted as spurt after spurt poured out of me and into her sopping wet cunt.

Finally, I collapsed on her but kept my cock in her and I just lay on top of her, gasping for air as she shuddered from the aftershocks of her orgasm. I could not imagine anything wilder than what had happened and didn't want to move. We both lay still, my cock still in her, my head next to hers. 

"Don't move," she whispered," I love how you feel in me," She ran her fingers through my hair, my soft cock felt warm in her as we both came down from the intense frenzy of our lust. 

Finally, she said, "I've got to pee, let me up." I rolled off of her and she kissed me and said, "Don't go anywhere...I'm not done with you." 

I watched her dash down the hall and lay back on the bed. I knew it would be awhile before I could get hard again and was pretty spent after driving all day and having all this sex. When Anna came back, I said, "my turn" and got up went to the bathroom. After relieving myself, I looked in the mirror at my face, my shaggy beard, my grey hair. I looked at my eyes, staring back at me. "You've had quite a day," I said to myself and then looked down at my penis, "So have you," I looked back into my eyes, "So, here you are with this beautiful, sexy woman in the middle of nowhere with no idea of where you're heading." I ran my fingers through my hair, moved my face closer to the mirror. "So what!" I said out loud. "You're alive and having fun, that's all that matters." 

When I went back to the bed room, Anna was laying on the bed on her stomach. She was completely naked. Her legs were spread and her round ass looked so luscious and inviting. I didn't think I could get hard again so soon, but looking at her got me aroused again. She lifted her head and looked back at me standing at the edge of the bed looking down at her. Then she did something that really surprised me. She spread her legs wider and I could see her pussy between her legs. She then reached up, stretching her arms wide and gripping the frame of her bed. She was spread eagle on the bed. Her body was saying, "Take me!"

I got down between her legs, lay down on top of her with my cock in the crack of her ass. I didn't think I could get hard again after our wild fucking. Then I reached up and put my hands on hers on the rim of the bed and spread my legs over her spread legs. We just lay like that for a few minutes, barely moving. "You feel so good on me," she said. "I love how your cock feels there," She then started slowly moving her ass, causing my cock to tingle. She was teasing me, moving slowly, wiggling just enough to get my cock harder. She was moving slowly, grinding her against my cock. Then she started lifting her ass up getting my cock to move harder against her. 

"You like my ass," she said. "I'm turning you on, aren't I?" 

Her ass was rubbing harder against my cock and I could tell she was getting hotter. And so was I. I then took my hands and grabbed her big tits and could feel her nipples. "Ohhhhh yes," she responded to my grip on her tits. 

My cock was now hard as a rock. "You want to fuck me don't you?" 

She got up on her knees. My cock was now on her cunt. She wiggled her ass. Her hands still gripped the bed frame. I was leaning over her, my cock at the edge of wet cunt. She pushed back against my hard cock. "You want your slut, don't you? You want to ram your cock in me, don't you?" 

I moved my cock up and down her slit. If she was teasing me I was going to tease her back. "You feel soooo good," she said, "I held my cock and moved it up and down her slit. "You want it bad, don't you?" she said, then "Ohhhh yes, do that. Do that." 

We were both on the edge. I looked down at her round ass, my cock moving up and down her slit, her wiggling and pushing, slowly working the tip of my cock into her. I wanted to go slow, to play with her, to tantalize her, just like she was tantalizing me. "Ummmmmm," she moaned, Ohhhh yes. I like what you're doing to me,"

Her cunt was hot and wet and I started moving harder against her, slowly going deeper, the tip of my cock just inside the entrance of her cunt. She was pushing back, wanting more, but I wanted to go slow. She was moving faster, pushing back harder, but I held back, knowing she was getting hotter and hotter. She was moaning louder, 'Ohhhhhgod Ohhhhmygod. I can't stand it. Ohhhhh yes, that feels soooooo good." Still, I held back, teasing her, playing with her, wanting to drive her crazy. Her sounds were getting me hotter. My cock was harder. I didn't know how long I could hold back from ramming into her. Her breathing was getting heavier. She was panting, "Ohhhhgod. You're driving me crazy. I need it. I need you in me. Come on give it to me, now. Please I need you to fuck me. Please, ohhhhhhgod,I'm sooo hot." 

My cock was about to explode from her breathless words, urging me to fuck her. Finally, I couldn't stand it any more and I thrust into her with all my strength then pulled out and rammed into her again and again, as she screamed, OHHHHHHHHYES DO ME! OIHHHHHGOD FUCK ME! FUCK ME! HARDER! FUCK ME HARDER! OHHHHHHHHHGOD."

My balls were bouncing against her. My cock was going in and out and she was screaming and shaking as her orgasm swept over her. I was fucking her as hard as I could. I was out of my mind, banging her tight cunt. I knew it would take me awhile to cum after so much fucking. My cock was like an iron rod as I rammed her. I wasn't sure I'd be able to cum, but slowly I felt my sperm begin to rise as I pounded in and out. "I'M CUMMING," I shouted. 

"CUM IN ME. GIVE IT TO ME!" she screamed as I thrust into her and suddenly I exploded and my cum spurted out and filled her cunt. I could not believe the intense sensation as her tight cunt milked my cock. I was exhausted. She then fell to the bed and I collapsed on her. We were both gasping for air. I kept my cock in her and we just lay there for several minutes. I then rolled off of her and lay on my back, while she stayed on her stomach. "You're a wild man," she whispered. 

"You're pretty wild yourself," I said. We were spent and just lay there. I looked over at the window then up at the ceiling, trying to make sense out of the events of this day. "How did I end up in this bed with this sexy woman?" I thought. "Where would all of this lead?"

Just then Anna got up on one arm, looked down at me and said, "Hello, stranger." 

I smiled. "How in the world did I end this day in your bed?" "We're just two ships passing in the night," she said and laughed. 

"And tomorrow we'll be in each other's wake sailing off into our own sunsets," I said. 

"Don't think about tomorrow," she said. "Remember the old song, 'We just have tonight, tomorrow may never come...for all we know." She sang the words." She kissed me and said, "Let's get some sleep."

She reached down and pulled the blankets over us. It had been along time since I slept next to a woman in bed. We were both quiet. I looked out the window and could see the full moon over the trees. The last thing I remember before falling asleep was the warmth of her body next to me.