 For a few years, both in college and after, I was a private music instructor at several of the local schools. Saxophone was my specialty. I would travel from school to school giving music lessons. 

After a few years I decided to give it up because it was a hard way to make a living, and honestly it provided no social life. I needed to be around people my own age more often. It was mostly junior high kids, and while I liked some of them, I much preferred teaching the high schoolers. They were more mature and usually better musicians, though not always. 

I was constantly getting calls to take on more students, and if I could work them in my cramped schedule I would usually take them on. About mid-year I got a call from a high school saying that they had two students who needed lessons and they couldn't find any other teacher. It happened that I could work them in fairly easily, but it also meant that I had to get up before the butt crack of dawn to do the lessons at 7:15 in the morning. Anyway, I get to the school for the first time and meet the students. Apparently they are both seniors and neither had had any kind of lessons before which does not bode well for their playing abilities. 

The first kid had no promise, but I taught him nonetheless – after all it was money coming in. Then I met the second student. Her name was Amanda, and she was definitely different. Her playing was so-so, but she had ambition to make music a career. It was her appearance that got me though. She was tall, slender, with long brown hair that reached her waist. Not your classic beauty, but there was something I liked. It was probably the fact that she was a complete goth. Black makeup, boots, and fishnet sleeves, which I could only assume was part of an entire fishnet outfit (which I would have love to have seen). I had overheard some of my other students mentioning her and calling her "vampire girl." Now you would think from my straight-laced demeanor that I wouldn't have been interested in a girl like this, but you would be wrong. There is something about the whole goth look that I find entirely hot. The odd thing about Amanda was she didn't have the goth attitude of morbid sullenness, instead she was bubbly and effervescent. Anyway, as she was my student, I was on a strict hands-off policy. I know teachers who have done things, and I would never want to compromise my job or my ability to not be in prison. 

She wasn't a great player by any means. In fact she was one of the worst seniors I had ever taught, but she truly loved music and her goal was to attend the prestigious music school in the area to become a band director. I helped her as much as I could by challenging her to harder and harder music. All the while, I kept dropping hints that she might want to peruse other options as the life of a musician isn't an easy one. Coupling that with her seeming lack of talent on her instrument, I felt like she should really look into other areas. Amanda just laughed at these suggestions and said she was going to do it come hell or high water. You have to admire the persistence of that girl. Eventually she did get accepted into that school as a provisional music student. She would have to show the professors there how much she could improve in the next year or so before she was fully accepted into the program.

Fast forward a few years. Amanda and I have stayed in touch, albeit at random short intervals. I follow her progress through college and hear how her playing is going. She would call me up randomly to tell me what was going on in her life. I was hoping that these calls might be a little more than just visiting. I sensed a little bit of flirtation in those chats. It wouldn't be the first time a student had a crush on a teacher. We became friends on Facebook. I think I was the one who friended her first. It may just be that kind of creepy teacher-student thing, but I communicated with several of my students that way, in fact with some it is how we arranged lessons. 

Out of the blue one day, she called me up. We had a nice chat, but this time she had a purpose. It turns out that she was selling knives for some marketing company. I think this company suckers in a lot of broke college kids for what is basically a telemarketing job. Anyway, we talk about the knives and she wants to know if she can come over and give me a demonstration. I obviously didn't need any knives, but I obliged, mostly to catch up with her. We arranged a day and time for her to come over and peddle her wares.

So I clean up my place before she arrives. Hey, I'm a single guy who lives alone; I don't get female visitors that often, so the place wasn't in that great of shape. Particularly I need to focus on the kitchen as that is where the demonstration will take place. My place looks good afterwards. 

Amanda shows up pretty much right on time. She looks good. She is dressed like a business woman, a nice blouse, and hot, form fitting pants. I can still see the trace of goth through the obviously required attire. We chit-chat and she shows me how great the knives are. I had one that was given to me by a former college roommate that I liked and used pretty often, but I was in no way going to buy anymore, unless these knives gave blow-jobs that is. We were standing close to each other in my kitchen. Our roles were reversed. She was now the teacher and I was the student. She finishes her presentation by cutting a penny in half. Impressive, but I'm still not going to buy any damn knives. The whole time we are both making crude jokes, some sexual in nature. I remember her attitude towards these from my days of teaching her and proceed with abandon in making double entendres and suggestions. This makes the event light hearted and takes any of the seriousness of the knives away. 

She finishes up and packs her knives away. As she is saying her goodbyes we give each other a big hug. This is the kind of hug I don't get too often; there was something in it. All of a sudden, she raises her head and kisses me on the lips. Not being one to miss such a rare opportunity I kiss back.

"God, I've wanted to do that for a long time," she says.

To which I reply, "me too."

After that we are wordless and begin to explore each others bodies. I unbutton her blouse slowly while she rips of my shirt. As I remove her top I notice that she isn't wearing a bra. Not that she needs one. She proudly calls her tiny titties "raisins" after an episode of South Park that she particularly likes. Standing next to me topless I notice something that makes me harder than Chinese algebra. The damn girl has gone and gotten her nipples pierced. Oh lord how I love the look of a girl with nipple rings. I take one into my mouth and gently play with it. Biting it, licking it, and tugging at it with my teeth. The other one I fondle with a free hand. She moans as I do this. 

I begin to explore her slim body with my mouth. She tastes perfect. There is a hint of sweat glistening all over her pale skin. The fine hairs all over her body are erect. She is completely turned on.

I pick her up and plop her down on my couch. I pull down those tight pants to reveal the thong underneath. I always suspected that she was a dirty girl and the thong proved it. The thong comes off, and I proceed spread her legs apart. I stroke her inner thighs and I watch how that smooth skin reacts to my touch. I start kissing her toes and gradually work my way up her long slender leg. As the top of the leg I reach my goal, her pussy. She is completely bald down there and glistening with her juices. I begin to lap up those juices. I give her long slow stokes with my tongue followed by more vigorous tongue probing. It is one of the sweetest tastes I've ever had. I bring in a finger and slowly insert it into her moist opening. I curl it up to slowly start massaging her G-spot. I hit it. I can tell from her moans she enjoys that so I bring in a second finger which she seems to like even more. I am now working her G-spot with my fingers and her clit with my tongue. 

I stay down there, looking up at her always to see her eyes closed in a blissful look. I take my cues from her moaning and breathing. I listen for the sound of her impending orgasm. She comes. I'm still going at her though; she deserves more than one after all. 

I only stop when she tells me that she wants me inside of her. I graciously oblige. I take off my pants to reveal my cock. She is very happy by the sight of it. It has been hard ever since we first hugged, and I'm sure she felt it then. She takes my cock in her hand and gives it a few strokes in approval. I lower myself over her and place the head at the tip. She doesn't need any extra lube as she is dripping at this point. I push past her lips and enter into her depths. Our pubic bones meet, and I stay there for a minute just feeling me inside of her. 

I am fucking one of my students. 

My thrusts start out slow. I know I gradually want to build up the tempo for a rousing climax. She moans all the while. We stare deep into each others eyes. I can tell from the look in her eyes that she had wanted this since she was in high school. I think I would have obliged her request then had I know of it.

She bites her lower lip. I can tell that I am doing something right. All of a sudden she speaks up and whispers that she wants to be on top now. Who am I to deny this request? She is sitting on me now grinding away. Her long hair is flowing with every move she makes. I am staring at those nipple rings and flicking them with my fingers at random intervals just to hear her moan. Her snake-like motion is intoxicating. 

I am about ready to blow my load. I tell her this and she smiles. She proceeds to get off of me and down in front of me to take my swollen cock into her mouth. While she can't get all of it in she makes her best effort. It feels wonderful. Her tongue is doing tricks with the tip that just about drive me over the edge. Then she tells me "I want you to cum in my mouth." These words are what I needed to finish the job. I unload everything I have into her eager mouth. She swallows the whole load like it is the tastiest thing she has ever tasted. She looks up at me with a child-like grin wanting to know if she had done a good job. I pull her next to me and our naked bodies embrace. I whisper in her ear "you are wonderful."