 Rose:

Rose is a single mother of two who when I first met her was single, and mousy looking. She was looking for a guy but because I was married at the time, wanted me as a friend only.

We would run into each other at work fairly often and talk but that is all that would happen. She got married about two years after we met to another guy at work and proceeded to have a two kids. About a year after her second child was born, she found out that her husband was cheating on her. She threw him out of the house and started to build a life on her own.

About six months after she separated from her husband, she came to me one day in tears and said that she needed some advice. Her ex was harassing her at work and she needed to know what to do. I told her that she needed to go to her boss and report it and let the company handle it. 

She did that and the harassment got worse for a while. She came back to me and asked me to help her with the problem. We went to the boss and talked with her, and she promised that it would be dealt with. After the meeting Rose asked if she could have lunch with me, as that was when he would get at her by walking by her in the lunch room and saying things like, you are a homely looking slut.

We started having lunch together and we would talk about her problems, not just with her ex but also with her kids. I would give her advice and we would work out the problems.

One day she called me at home and asked if I could come over, she needed to talk to me about some papers that she had got in the mail. They were about her ex. I arrived at her place about an hour later, and we started to look through the papers. He was trying to grab part of her pension and Rose needed to know how to stop him.

When we worked it all out, she said that she was glad that I had come over, and helped her straighten out what she had to do.

I was getting ready to leave when she said " Stay for supper, It is the least I can do for you helping me out."

I agreed and she started to cook supper. After supper she said "Can you stay for a bit, I just have to drop the kids at their grandparents for a sleep over." " I shouldn't be more than ten minutes."

I said "Sure, I can stay."

She got back and we decided to watch a movie. She put in a porn and said that she hoped that it wouldn't bother me. I told her that I watched porn once in a while, and usually enjoyed it. 

The movie went on and it was about four women who just went around finding young guys to take home and fuck their brains out. There wasn't much of a story and when it was over she said that she wasn't impressed with it as some of the scenes looked so hokey that it was hard to watch.

We talked about porn in general and soon she was cuddling up to me.

She said, "You know, I have had erotic dreams about you, and some of them were really passionate."

A little surprised, I said "OH"

She said, " I would love to see if we could make some of them happen." "I hope you don't think that I am too forward." With that she climbed on my lap and started to give me a long hard kiss.

She said, "Tim I want you to fuck me, and I don't care if there is romance or not, I just want you to have raw sex with me."

I started to kiss her back and said, "Then take me to your bedroom and lets get it on."

We got to her bedroom and were just about ripping our clothes off and soon were on the bed kissing and rubbing against each other. She grabbed my cock and started to stroke it and soon just threw me on my back. She immediately started to lick my cock and soon had it in her mouth. She continued to suck on my cock and I was soon ready to blow. She must of sensed it and stopped sucking me, she rolled over on her back and said "Tit fuck me, I want your cum on my breasts. Put that cock in between my boobs and give it to me."

I climbed on her and started to fuck her titties. It didn't take long and I was ready to blow, I moaned as the first shot came rumbling up my cock and she squeezed my head in to her boobs. I shot my load and after she was scooping up the cum and licking it off her hand.

She then got on her knees and said," Fuck me hard, do me like the dog that I am. I want your cock in me and I want it hard, long, deep and rough."

I got behind her and I just rammed my cock into her cunt, and started to pound in to her. She started to moan and started to push back every time I went in. I was ramming into as hard as I could and she was starting to scream," Harder, I want it harder, I want to feel that cock just rammed in me. God, fuck me harder."

I was slamming into her, and finally after about five minutes she started to cum. She just collapsed on the bed and shook. After she stopped shaking, I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her up again and I started to pump into her again. She screamed again, and soon was yelling at me to fuck her as hard as I could.. I pumped for a few minutes more and I started to cum in her. My shooting sent her over the edge and she came hard again. I collapsed on top of her and just laid there until my cock shrank and slipped out of her.

When we separated, she said, " I want more, I want to feel your cock in me and I want to you to fuck me until I can't walk." She continued, " I want you to cum in my cunt as many times as you can and then I want to lick and suck you clean."

We fucked until the wee hours of the morning, and I had to stop because my cock was getting sore. She licked it clean and then she started to play with herself and was scooping out the cum from her cunt and licking it off her fingers.

She let me rest for a while and when I was ready she mounted me with her back to me. She rode me for what seemed like an hour and had three more orgasms. Before she got off me she laid back against me and said "Thank you, that was amazing." "I haven't cum like that for a long time."

I said, "Stay in that position for a little longer," and with that I reached around and started to play with her cunt button. She was soon moaning again and she came hard and just collapsed and laid there for about ten minutes. By the time she got off me, my cock was out and completely shrunk. I don't think I could get it up even if my life depended on it.

We laid on the bed for about ten minutes and she finally got up and started to get dressed. She said that she had better get herself cleaned up so that she could pick her kids up in the morning. She leaned over me and gave me a kiss and then gave my cock a kiss. She said that I should get some sleep, and I didn't argue. I rolled over and fell asleep almost immediately.

About five hours later, she woke me up and said, "The kids are going to stay another night with my parents, so we can have some more fun." " I hope that you can manage to take care of me."

We fucked just about all day and into the night, and when I finally left, I could hardly walk as my cock was so sore that I had to walk bow legged. 

When I saw her at work the following Monday, she had a glow about her, and everyone teased her that she must of got laid over the weekend. I just smiled knowing that she was also walking sore, and that the smile on her face was for the great raw sex that we had had.

We only had one more session like that, and then she started to date a guy she met on line. She would once in a while come to my desk and share with me her new love and relationship and every once in a while she would say, "It is never like it was with you, I will never forget how good you made me feel, and I know that I will always have those times with you as a dream for me to look back on and enjoy.