 I have known this woman for quite some time, I met her via our friends with mutual interests. Our relationship then moved into me documenting her growing family with my camera. Not sure when or how but we started texting outside of our "professional" relationship into a more personal one, sometimes very personal. We ended up talking about everything, and I mean everything. 

She is a very attractive woman, very attractive. Short, blonde, physically fit, nicely proportioned petite body. My guess is small b cup breasts, ICE blue eyes. Very elegant always. As I moved past the initial attraction I found out she is also quite intelligent, extremely caring and deeply nurturing. Even though she was younger than I, she was way beyond her years in so many ways except her looks. Drop dead gorgeous. She would complain about all the guys hitting on her constantly and in my mind I was like well of course. She could have literally any guy and here she was texting me all day and night. 

I had lots of parental issues that we worked through and I feel lucky I got a lot of things strait in my head talking with her daily. She is also human and had weak spots as well and I also was there for her when she needed. At this point in my life I wasn't sleeping much so some days (many many days) we would text all day and most of the night. Even though we were so emotionally close, we rarely got together outside of social circles, it was like we were texting ourselves, our shrink, our best friend at any point we could reach out and we were there. I could feel the tension and hopefully she did as well. Our relationship was growing and it was quite unique and special, when we met at events we didn't have to talk and sometimes we rarely did. 

Maybe some long glances but we had such an underlying conversation ongoing that we really did not need to meet to share our things. We did very occasionally get drinks or lunch alone but always in public and always in her area. It was always awkward ish, it felt like we wanted to go to another level but we never did. I was always the gentleman in public. I never wanted to over step that boundary. The only time I felt her slip (in hindsight) was when I walked her to her car one night we were holding hands she asked where I parked, of course it was opposite her, so me being and idiot I broke it off in the middle of the street. She held onto my hand just a few seconds too long staring at me. Looking back we probably would have taken that step then, I missed a lot of signals... 

I am an idiot. 

Soon enough the story changed. 

One night as we walk back to her car, I wish her well and we lock eyes, her piercing blue eyes melt me. We embrace a little too long and polite kiss goodnight. 

Months go by, all the while building our relationship daily.

Me: texting. I finally got the court date for my divorce. (I was barely married, she is married then and now not sure how happy then but now very happy) 

Her: about time 

Me: Where should I move since I will have to give up the house?

Her: There is a rental really close to me and it would be much closer to your work, I would get to see you more often.

Me: perfect send me info and I will check it out. She had mentioned before wishing I wasn't so far away, an hours drive. It didn't matter much since I was constantly working near her place and typically late at night which meant she could slip away for a drink. 

All quite vanilla in our relationship. We were close but just skating around the boundaries. Neither one admitting anything, but both pushing further. We both knew each others sex lives and what we liked yet...

So I did find a nice little place barely 5 mins from her house, it would seem fine since I was much closer to work and closer to our friend group. No one would suspect anything. 

Were we hoping for something? I am still not sure.

A few weeks go by...

Me: hey you busy this week? Have a free hour we can meet? 

Her: sure what do you have in mind.

Me: nothing, glass of wine and surprise.

Her: ok ill let you know when.

Me: no pressure when just whenever. 

Her: where... 

Me: really close.

Her: ok

Her: You around for that drink?

Me: yep

Her ok where

Me: I giver her my apartment location near her house.

Her: what!! you moved there!!

Me: yes and you need to come over to celebrate first drinks with me!

Her: ok be there in a few!

When she arrives she is beaming. This is a nice place, but it needs a woman's touch. I say well you have free reign to tell me what I need to do to make it more woman friendly. I need all the help I can get. She says you don't need help. 

Thanks, you have helped me, I was a mess and you helped me get passed that. So anyway, cheers! (clink) 

A few months pass by...

She stops over every so often, I trust her so well I give her a key. Why not, she has all my social media and financial information passwords and every secret I have ever had. I have a few of hers also. I want her to have a key so she can escape and or just have someplace to unwind from her busy life. Also no one has another key so someone needs one. I tell her my place is her place. 

She starts coming over more frequently... 

Sometimes I get home from work and she is there for a few minutes.

Sometimes I am up really late and she stops by for a drink and a talk.

We have a signal if I have a girl around but she knows that is not often and anyway she knows exactly who I date and when.

The tension starts to become overwhelming, I need to put this fire out somehow.

I invite her over for a nice dinner. I love to cook, she actually does not cook at all. 

She arrives as her usual lovely self. We exchange a long hug and polite kiss as usual, although we have moved from cheek to lips it still isn't passionate. We fall right into talking like we know everything about each other, and we do.

Keep in mind we have been in a relationship for 9+ years, all the while flirting, testing, pushing. Holding nothing back between us. 

We have a lovely dinner sharing laughs and wine, lots of wine. 

We move from the table to sit on the couch.

Tipsy after a couple bottles of wine, she may get buzzed with me but she is always very conservative, we get close to that line but neither one of us is daring enough to cross it. She never gets drunk with me, She has called and texted me drunk off her ass and I always wish I was there. Tonight she is buzzed (not drunk) but is also buzzing. I feel like it is the time.

Me: wanna play a game? 

Her: (hesitantly) sure.

Me: truth or dare. 

(she is very competitive) 

Her: what do I win.

Me: what do you want...

Her: Ill let you know.

Me: anything here is yours.

Her: I know...

Her eyes lock onto mine and my heart stops.

She checks my intention and I think I give it to her. 

Let's see where this goes.

Me: ladies first

Her: truth, have you ever stolen anything? 

Me: easy, yes.

Me: don't forget you pass you lose.

Her: I know, I am not going to lose.

Me: truth, ( I can feel her sigh a deep breath) have you ever fantasized about being with other men?

Her: yes, you already know who (not me famous people) 

Me: I know, we are just having a game ( I lean into her eyes to see where she is at with this) 

Her: truth (she doesn't want to make the first move) what secret haven't you told me

Me: I don't think it's a secret. 

Her Hmm yea...

Me: dare

Her: ahhhh... ok

Me: I dare you to make out with me

we lock eyes again

Me: remember the rules.

We lean in and kiss passionately for quite some time, hands start roaming. 

She suddenly recoils and says no, no I can't.

I say I am sorry, she says no it's ok I want to... but I can't.

I say I am sorry again and we part ways.

A few days go by.

The texts are guarded and tense. 

She says she wants to come by and drop off the key, I say no you need to keep it as there is no one else I trust.

She insists, I say ok.

She stops by and we awkwardly walk through the key thing, I say I am sorry but I am not really sorry. She says it was an accident. I say no it might have been a mistake but that was no accident...

Our eyes lock

We move together. We start to kiss.

It doesn't stop. 

We start to pull at each others clothes. Our passion hits a fevered pace. I pin her against the wall kissing her, her neck, undressing her, as she undresses me. Our bodies trying to get as close as possible in the quickest amount of time. She whispers breathlessly into my ear, take me...

I carry her into the bedroom.

I am planning on enjoying her for as long as I possibly can. 

Part two.

We make it to the bedroom, I finally get to see this amazingly beautiful woman as I have fantasized about so so so many times. This story is one of a hundred fantasies , maybe a thousand of mine.

Me: "God you are gorgeous" Our eyes are inseparable, our hearts are pounding, our lust is overwhelming, it has been building for too long. 

Her: "Make love to me"

I start by kissing her all over letting her know I will be exploring many parts of her beauty.

I make my way ever so slowly eventually reaching her pussy. By this time she is teased into a torrid state, I have been told I am really good at this and this time I will put in an award winning performance. After a little while it starts, OMG DO NOT STOP, DOOO... NOOOT.. STOOOP...OMG OMG OMG, she has an amazing body shaking orgasm and I nearly do as well. I have gotten off on giving a great orgasm. I will relive that moment until I die. 

She sits up wide eyed and alive from that orgasm

Her: She hisses, I am going to give you the best blow job you've ever had. ( she has told me in the past she was really good and loved oral) I stare her down and say, dare you...

She forces me down and takes control and ravages me. 

She owns me.

She lets go and takes control. 

I feel like we are two people finally free to explore this lust that has been building for nearly a decade. 

I think I blacked out at some point as she was doing all sorts of things I couldn't comprehend and I was speaking gibberish. I exploded in ecstasy as she took me to a place only she knew she could. Teasing me, looking at me as I looked at her, just utter wanton lust. 

We kinda passed out for a bit, then we woke and started cuddling.

Then the heat built again and then... we finally consummated our long relationship. After a passionate kiss she pushed away, I drank in her beauty and she looked me right in the eyes and said... fuck me. Fuck me David like the way I see you want to in your eyes. 

I did... 

part 3

My cock was instantly rock hard, I laid her back and embraced her. I scooped my hands under her shoulders so I could get as close to her as possible. I wanted to feel every inch of her body against mine, I think she did too as she wrapped her legs around me and buried her face in my shoulder, I could feel her pulse against my face quicken. We ground our hips together until my cock found its mark, as I slid in we both took short breaths. I paused for a moment to try and remember this moment but my head was swirling. Her breath on my shoulder... we started. The feelings were building, I could feel her tensing, we both held on tighter. I went faster and with more conviction. Her breath quickened. She whispered but it was almost deafening, it was so close and so lustful. Dooont stoooop I am going to cum agaaaain... then she let out such a quiet ooooooooo, just a long whisper as she orgasmed a second time. 

We kissed gently for a little. She says no one has ever made her cum twice.

I flipped onto my back. I said I needed to see her sex in action. She took the reins and I said hope you enjoy the show. Her pussy was so wet it just slid right in. We both looked to watch it go. She then leaned back to enjoy the ride. My hands were all over her. I could not stop looking at her and touching her. Her flipping her dirty blonde shoulder length hair as she rode my cock. Looking dead into my eyes at times with pure lust and I am sure I looked at her with the same look. Watching our bodies finally enjoying each other after so long. My thumb explored her clit and she flinched and said not again... grinding her hips hard onto mine. Her pussy tightened as she let out some guttural sounds as she had her third orgasm. She collapsed onto me panting and sweaty.

We laid for a bit, my cock still inside her. She rolled off and put her beautiful ass in the air and said you better cum inside me now. I sprang up and grabbed her hips and drove my rock hard cock home, I glanced toward the other side of the room and noticed I could see us fucking from the front in my dresser mirror, I gently grabbed her hair and she moaned. As I raised her head I showed her what she could see. I moved my hands from her hips and cupped her lovely breasts and said into her ear as her gorgeous body was arching back towards me. I said look at me fucking the most beautiful woman in the universe, her pace quickened and she started to fuck me back harder. I reached up and put my hand on her neck while simultaneously my other hand went for her clit, she gasped. I gave her a few more strokes and let her go, face down gripping the sheets tightly now, much louder moans, her back begins to arch and she started actually using her loud voice, moaning quite loudly now. Fuck me baby, cum inside me now, I am going to cum again. At this point I could not hold out any longer as my body finally succumbed and I unleashed inside of her what was building in me, in us, for years as she came yet again. 

We collapsed.

We sat quietly for a while enjoying each other.

We had crossed that place.

We don't have to again, but we shall see.

She kept the key.