 To my friend with the middle name Nicole! A man can dream... Now if I could just make that dream come true!

MWAH! Enjoy





"Oh My God. Fuck me harder!" Nicole exclaimed. The sound of our bodies slapping into each other was echoing off the wall, and tuned to a half a second a piece. (Look at your watch. Now watch the second hand, and divide that in half... clap your hands to the beat, and close your eyes and imagine a sweet girl moaning as I pounded my thick meat hammer into her tight pussy.) 

Her right leg was spread along the counter in the ladies bathroom and I was standing behind her with my nine-inch cock, pummeling into her sweet twat. Her beautiful B-cup tits were bouncing freely, and her rose colored nipples were hard as pebbles and sticking off of her tits about an inch. She was panting heavily as she stared into the full-length mirror that was splayed before us.

Her neck, so white and creamy, that smelled like Victoria Secret's Amber Romance, was on display as she hung her head to the left side, and her brown hair fell from her head as if it were straining to touch the floor. I started by placing kisses on her neck, but the salty taste of her skin was electrifying and kisses just weren't enough. I sunk my teeth into her flesh and sucked a hunk of flesh into my mouth. 



"Ah, no marks! No marks!" she moaned. 

"Why? Afraid he'll find out?" I asked.

"Just shut up and Fuck Me!" Nicole said reaching around to grab my ass cheek. She pulled me in closer by my pants pocket, since our frantic animal lust kept me from pulling my pants fully down. 

Her black cotton skirt was up around her waist, and the black thong panties that had covered her freshly shaven twat were pushed to the side, and I was working up creamy lather by thrusting over and over into the hot pussy that I had craved for the past year. The thwap, thwap, thwap of our lovemaking was piercingly loud as the echoes bounced off of the restroom walls, and Nikki's moans were music to my ears. 

"Oh God Mike. You feel SO good inside me." She cooed. I wrapped my thick arms around her tiny waste and kissed my way from her neck up to her right ear, and breathed hot air into her ear, and snaked my thick tongue into it. Shivers racked her body and her sparkling brown eyes rolled into the back of her head. "You've GOT to stop that!" 

I didn't answer, but kept flickering my tongue across her ear, and into her ear canal, as I felt my orgasm building strong inside of my body. I inched my hands up her sides, and to her right tit, and onto the pebble shaped nipple and pinched it. Her body stiffened up and although no sound escaped her mouth, her face showed the pure ecstasy that was traveling through both of us. 



I pulled my cock out of Nicole, and she turned around to face me. I bent over to her shorter frame and planted a wet kiss into her mouth as our tongues found each other. She sucked my tongue further into her mouth and bit down on my tongue ring. My dick jumped and throbbed between us, and poked into her stomach. 

"He wants more," she whispered once we broke the kiss. "Put him back into me." 

I grabbed Nicole around her waist and lifted her onto the counter, and walked closer and slid back into her. Kisses were flying all over the place. Mine were all over her little face, and hers to my neck and chin, and lips and everywhere else she could add them. 

The door opened to the restroom and a middle-aged woman walked into the restroom, and into the first stall. Neither of us saw her, but I heard her. My orgasm was too close for this to stop now, and the pussy that was wrapped around my cock felt too good to leave it. Nicole's hair bounced around in time to the steady slapping that the contact that our bodies were making, and she dug her fingernails into my back as her first orgasm exploded through her body. 

"Make me cum again!" 

The toilet in the first stall flushed and there was a slight stirring, and then the door opened and the woman came out and walked up to the counter and turned on the water with out looking at either one of us. She was a very attractive woman, looking to be about in her early to mid thirties. Nicole looked at me, and looked at the woman, and then back at me. 

"Hey, Excuse me." She finally said to the lady.



The woman looked up, but didn't answer. 

"Come here please," Nikki asked the lady. She was a bit hesitant, but walked up to Nicole and I. "Can I kiss you?" 

The woman's eyes got as big as fifty-cent pieces, but she leaned forward to Nicole as I pulled my cock out, and my friend and this complete stranger locked lips. Nicole wrapped her arm around this lady's neck and leaned backward onto the counter, and the lady walked up and in between Nicole's legs, kissing her deeper.

The sight of this display was so electric that I grabbed my cock and started beating it like it stole something from me. Up and down the shaft, I pumped my hand as I watched these two hot ladies lip locking, and feeling all over each other. The strange woman reached down between Nicole's legs and once again pushed her panties aside and put two fingers into her cunny. Nicole moaned into the woman's mouth and thrust her body her hand as if to drive her fingers deeper. 

My orgasm was building and a moan too escaped my lips. "oh God... this feels so good." 

My noises brought Nicole and the woman back to their senses, and the woman turned around to face me, and got down onto her knees. She pushed my hand out of the way and took my entire rod down her throat, almost as if it belonged there, and felt natural. She took my shaft into her hands and mouth and slowly twisted her hand over my shaft, as she sucked it into her mouth over and over again. Her crystal blue eyes were so soft as we caught eye contact. 

Nicole stood over her and grabbed me around my neck and smashed our lips together again as her tiny tongue darted into my mouth and fished all around it. She broke the kiss to whisper in my ear. "I want you to finish inside of me, and make me cum!" 

That's all it took! I slid my hand down the strange woman's cheek, and she looked up at me. The look in my eye was all she needed, and she stood up, and straightened her clothes out, and kissed me. Then she turned to Nicole, and kissed her too, and grabbed her purse and walked toward the door as if nothing had just happened. Before she left, she turned to us, and smiled, and then she walked through the door, which was the last time either one of us saw her. 

I put Nikki back up on the counter, and slid my cock back into her, and quickly worked her back up to orgasm. It only took a series of about twenty strokes until my cock felt like it was going to blow apart. I could feel Nikki's pussy walls contracting around my thick cock, and she too was about to blow! 

"Cum inside me Mike!" she screamed. "I'm... ooh... I'm... Oh God!... Fuck I'm gonna Cum!" 

Thick ropes of cum exploded out of me. Shot after shot, like a loaded gun, until I practically collapsed onto Nicole's frail body, as she fell backwards onto the counter. 

~*~

I looked down at my slacks as Nicole was smoothing out her skirt, and tucking her tits back into her shirt, and straightening the straps in place onto her shoulders, and noticed a big creamy spot, where Nicole's pearl colored cum had branded me. 

"Oh my, I'm so sorry." She said, believe it or not, very sincerely.

"Two words. Dry Cleaners!" I said and laughed. "I'm going to wear it proudly as we exit the movie theaters. Maybe someone will see it, and wonder how much of the movie we actually saw." 

~*~

Now; I could tell you how much I have wanted Nicole for the past year and a half. I could also tell you that I am a bartender at a local bar, and I met Nicole one night after her and her boyfriend had a fight, and she came to the bar, and drank herself silly, to the point that I had to drive her home. 

I could also tell you that I have wanted her enough to break her and her man up, and try to make a move before my time had come. BUT; in the same sentence, I could tell you that I was patient and waited until the time was right, and she gave me the time of day, and She offered ME out for dinner and a movie. 



While I'm on the subject of telling you things, I could tell you about the dinner that we had, and the movie that we started watching and the petting that went on in the movie theater that turned into her trip to the bathroom, and my impatience for her return, and me walking in the bathroom on her! BUT that would only bring me to the part of the story that you just read... What I will tell you though, is about the limo that pulled up to the front of the theater as we were walking out. 

As we walked out of the theater, a black stretch limo pulled up to the theater, and the driver got out and came around to the back door. She opened the door, and offered us in. 

"I'm sorry, you probably have the wrong people." I said cordially to the limo driver. "Our car is parked right over there." I said pointing to my Dodge Durango truck. 

"On the contrary, I have the right people. My client told me to pick you two up. She's in the back seat. Please, let me help you in." she offered. 

Once we got in, we couldn't believe our eyes. It was the strange woman from the bathroom stall. 

"Brenda Mc Masters," she said. "The General Manager of this Movie Theater, and four others just like it. It's nice to meet you!" she said. "Now if you would care to join me, we can go back to my place, and I can show you and your little girlfriend here what this old lady is capable of!" 

"Yes ma'am!" is all I could say! 



...To Be Continued! ...













_smb2004