 Part 1.

I had been aware that Kristin was a beautiful, amazing girl for a few years, but never considered even flirting with her because of my relationship with her parents. I had known Bill and Kate since college, and considered them my best friends. We were all well into our 40s now but still spent a lot of time together; eating out, seeing movies and going to concerts. Needless to say, their trust in me was implicit and the idea of being intimate with their daughter never entered into any of our minds. 

It was obvious that Kristin was in full bloom but it soon became apparent that she was as bright and charming as she was gorgeous. Kristin's dad was of Scandinavian descent and Kristin had a real Swedish look about her. She was tall with long blonde hair, brown eyes and lovely, delicate features. She had an impressive bust and was perfectly slim with curves in all the right places. Kristin turned 20 and she had become a breathtaking young woman.

As she more frequently participated in conversations with her parents and I, we discovered we had a few mutual interests and she started to pay me more attention as we became friendlier. Previously, she would just go and hang out in her room, but these days she would join in while we watched old movies, listened to old records and talked politics, history, art and travel. She often had insightful things to add and I told her I was very impressed with her knowledge and passion. She in turn expressed how much she would like to learn from me.

I tried to not let my mind drift to sexual thoughts, though it was now clear what a fine young woman she was and that she enjoyed my company as much as I enjoyed hers. Our friendship only grew deeper when I got out of a long term relationship and she would try and cheer me up when she noticed I was down. I started to spend more and more time over at their place because being at home made me depressed and nobody there seemed to mind. We were like family.

Things changed in the way I saw Kristin when I was over at their house one day and only she was there. I was watching TV and she came over. "Hey Mr. Bailey, what's up?" she asked.

She always called me Mr. Bailey, even though she knew full well that my name was Michael. When she was younger, I saw this as a sign of respect for her elders, but now I think she did it as a tease. I looked at her and was taken in by her flashing eyes and kind smile.

"Oh, nothing. I'm thinking of going out," I replied.

"On a date, Mr Bailey?"

"Yeah, maybe."

I wasn't going on a date, I just didn't want to appear to be a loser to this lovely girl. I was kinda low, and she saw that.

"Well, you're not going out looking like that!"

"Like what, Kristin?"

"You look like a mess. Your hair is unkempt and you haven't shaved in days. Let me sort you out. You need a haircut to start with." I just nodded and shrugged. "OK, now you sit down and I'll take care of you." 

She messed up my hair and then ran off. A minute later she came back with scissors, a bowl of warm water and a couple of towels, then asked me to sit in a chair in the living room. "I'm going to give you a little rinse first, OK?" 

"Yes, sure, Thank you." I said, trying to sound cool.

"You're tense. You need to relax, Mr. Bailey."

Kristin massaged my shoulders, temples and scalp. She had wonderful fingers and I instantly felt much better. Her breasts brushed up against my arm and I felt electricity between us. Kristin put a towel lovingly around my shoulders and smiled sweetly. She then dipped a small towel in the water and brushed it over my hair. Some water dripped onto my face and Kristin brushed it off with her finger. 

"Are you comfy and relaxed now, Mr Bailey?" she asked. 

"Yes, I am, thank you." I felt wonderful. 

"Let me see now," she said and started cutting my hair. It was true that I had neglected my appearance lately, and now I was glad that I had. I was definitely scruffy, but I thought girls liked that. Kristin moved very slowly and carefully. She would snip a few bits of hair off then look at me and smile with a twinkle in her eye. She stood over me and had her beautiful chest inches from my face, but I didn't want to get caught staring. She continued cutting my hair, humming a little song as she went, and I just sat back and enjoyed the feeling of being close to her.

Kristin dropped a towel, said "oops" and knelt on the floor to pick it up. She looked up at me then stood up and leaned over, her face a few inches from mine. She put her hands through my hair and said "That's better, Mr. Bailey. Now, you need a shave," then ran her finger over my stubbled cheek. She got some foam and delicately put it on my face, using water from the bowl and a razor. She gently and professionally groomed me, all the while getting close, brushing against me and saying sweet things. 

I could feel her breath on my skin when she was close. When she was done, she dried me off, looked me in the eye and said "You're a very handsome man, Mr Bailey," and kissed me very gently on the cheek. 

"And you, well," I muttered. I didn't want to say how gorgeous she was, so I just smiled and said thank you. She smiled back and tousled my hair. I stood up and we were inches from each other. She moved in and gave me a hug, pressing her beautiful breasts against me. I looked at her and she looked up at me. I wanted to kiss her, but instead I pulled away and made excuses. "Thank you again, sweet...I mean Kristin," I said as I was leaving. 

"You're welcome, hon. See you soon." She gave me a flirtatious little wave and I was gone.

Part 2.

A few days later, I was over at their place again. Bill and Kate went out shopping leaving me alone with Kristin, but I thought I'd hang around and join her in watching a movie. I plopped myself down on the sofa next to her and she moved over to give me room, but she was still close. I stretched and made a face, because my back was hurting. 

"You OK, Mr Bailey?"

"Kristin, don't you think you should call me Michael, or Mike?" 

She smiled cutely. "Are you in pain?"

"Yeah, I pulled a muscle in my back I think, doing some work."

"You work too hard, Mr. Bai...I mean, Michael. You know what else I'm good at aside from a shave and a haircut?"

"Lots of things, I'm sure, Kristin," I said, with a hint of cheek. She caught it and smiled.

"Yes, but specifically, I've had some basic training as a massage therapist. Can I save you a trip to the doctor and try and work out your problem?"

"Well, I'm sure it's nothing. I'm just tense." I realized then that however wonderful this might be, it was an extraordinarily bad idea. Kristin sat up. 

"Come on, let me take care of you again."

I was unsure. Getting a haircut from her was one thing, but I was confident that Bill wouldn't want his daughter giving me a massage. I didn't answer her, but she just started working on my shoulders. Wow, it felt incredible. After a few minutes, she asked me to sit up straight, as she stood in front of me and massaged my temples, scalp, neck and shoulders. I couldn't help but look at her. Her dress was gorgeous, she looked astonishing and her bountiful breasts were inches from my face. 

She showed me lots of beautiful cleavage and occasionally brushed her breasts up against me, just as she had done when she cut my hair. I noticed her nipples were hard through her dress and despite my best efforts in trying to avoid any sexual thoughts, I got hard. I just entered into the moment and tried not to worry about it. 

"See, baby, I told you you'd enjoy it."

She looked at me and smiled. She called me baby, and now I was wondering if she had noticed my erection and was commenting on it. I couldn't stop myself and told her the dress she was wearing was pretty. She made a shy pose and grinned. 

"You like the way I look?" Oh shit, this was not a conversation I should be having, so I didn't answer. After a pause, she said "Now, lie down on your front for me." For the next 10 minutes or so, she gave me a blissful massage, mainly concentrating on my legs, fingers and lower back. "Another time, Mr. Bailey, we'll have to do this with, um...less clothes on. I mean, you're only getting half the effect here. But I don't want to make you uncomfortable."

I didn't know what to say, so I kept quiet. All I could say was "Thank you," awkwardly. She went on, and I noticed that the massage got more sensual and loving as it went on, especially when she'd press her body against mine. She would always hum a little song.

"How does that feel, Mr. Bailey?" she whispered.

"Please call me Michael, Kristin." 

She giggled. "OK, how does that feel Mr. Michael?" she said with a laugh in her voice. It felt wonderful, and I told her so. 

"You're a very talented and special girl, Kristin," I said, but immediately regretted it.

She slapped me on the ass and told me to turn over. She touched my chest, cuddled up to me a little and smiled at me. I got hard again and tried to cover myself up. "You really think I'm special, Michael?" I just looked at her. I couldn't believe how gorgeous she was and I began to feel a little sadness at being so much older than her. 

"I don't think you are, I know you are," I told her and knew I was just digging myself in deeper.

She giggled again and stroked my face. "How's your back? You know, next time, we can use my bed because there's much more room, and I can be much more effective," she said flippantly. I was pretty shocked at the idea. 

"I don't think your father would be that keen on that, Kristin, I mean, I..."

"He doesn't need to know. And anyway, it's for your own good," she interrupted. 

Kristin went to the kitchen and got us a beer each. I sat up, and we carried on with the film. We exchanged a few awkward glances and I sensed an attraction from her. Again, I was determined to avoid any thoughts like that, so I just talked about what we were watching, but she started to cuddle up to me again. I held onto her arm and her breast squeezed up against my hand. It was a wonderful sensation and I had no doubt that she did it on purpose. 

"This is nice," she said softly. I didn't know if she wanted this to go anywhere, so I just smiled. As much as I liked being with her, I didn't want it to get out of control, so I said it was time for me to go. She looked disappointed. "I was hoping we could watch another one and have some more to drink." 

Jesus, I wanted to. "I'm sorry, I have to be up early and...thank you so much for helping me. You're very sweet and very kind," I told her sincerely.

She gave me a half-hearted smile and ran her finger over my cheek. "You need another shave, Michael Bailey. If you don't do it, I will." My god, she was lovely. I just looked at her and went misty eyed. Snapping out of it, I told her it was time to go and didn't mess around with long goodbyes. I was left wondering if she actually wanted more than friendship with me, which would open up all kinds of complex and dangerous issues. I went home and tried to put her out of my mind. 

Part 3.

Only a few days later, I was invited over for a barbecue at Bill and Kate's place and I was happy to see that Kristin was there as well. There were a few other people over, including a young, handsome man called Charles. I saw Kristin and Charles talking and Bill told me he had invited this guy over from work as a potential boyfriend for Kristin. I suddenly felt jealous and considered leaving. 

I realized that I had foolish and unrealistic feelings for this girl and felt like an idiot. Apparently, this Charles guy was coming up in the business and had great prospects, and I was angry at myself that I'd let myself have feelings about her. I hated him already but he and Kristin seemed to be having a nice conversation. A few minutes later, Kristin noticed me, excused herself and walked over. 

"What do you think of Charlie?" her father asked her, but she just shrugged. 

"I like someone else," she said blithely. Then she looked at me and touched my chin. "You shaved!" she said and I got rather embarrassed. 

"Well, I, I...wanted to look my best."

"And that you do, Mr. Bailey," she said. Bill seemed pretty oblivious to her flirting and went on talking. 

"So," he said, "Charles is getting a promotion at work, and..." 

"Mr. Bailey," Kristin interrupted.

"Seriously, call me Michael or I'll start calling you Ms. Anderson." 

"Fine", she said with a flirtatious smile. "Michael. I'm pretty excited that they're doing a festival of 30s gangster films at the Little Art Theater next week." We started talking about those great old films that we both loved. Half-way through I realized that she may have been fishing for me to ask her to go. 

"Well, Kristin," her father butted in. "Why don't you find out if Charles likes old films as much as you do?" 

Kristin rolled her eyes and I suddenly felt much, much better. We carried on talking and Bill stared off, not listening. He wandered off and started to talk to Charles, and a minute later, Charles walked over to us, presumably at the prompting of her father. I excused myself, but Kristin grabbed my hand and whispered "Stay." 

Charles started in "So...like, Kirstie, I..."

"Actually, it's Kristin," she said somewhat rudely.

"Oh, yeah. Right. So, your dad was telling me that you wanted to go to some old movie or something and I could totally..." 

"Oh yes, Michael here is taking me, aren't you?" she interrupted him and looked at me with wide eyes. I coughed and nodded. "It's going to be great. You like old movies? Tell me what your favorite Hollywood films of the early 30s are, Charles." He just went blank. "Michael was saying he likes Little Caesar, while I was going for Public Enemy. Who do you think is better, Robinson or Cagney?" She was trying to make a fool of him and Bill had walked over to rescue him. He steered the speechless Charles away, and Kristin burst out laughing. 

"That wasn't very nice, Kristin," I told her. 

"Well, Michael. I don't like being set up and he's clearly an idiot. Why the fuck would I want to go out with him when you..." she just looked at me, then at her feet. We didn't speak for a minute. 

"So, I'm taking you?" 

Her eyes lit up. "Would you? I'm sorry I put you on the spot."

"Well, it depends on what the film is." 

She stepped towards me. "Does it really matter what the film is, Mr. Bailey?" she whispered in my ear. She looked so beautiful and I just stared at her. 

"I see your point", I said and she smiled. I took a drink and looked away.

"Pick me up at 6?"

"What, tonight?"

"Yes, is that a problem, Mr. Bailey?" I shook my head. "I'm gonna head upstairs and get ready. I'll see you in a few hours. Just honk your horn and I'll come running out." 

She kissed me on the cheek and disappeared. I had butterflies. I made my excuses and went home to get ready. A few hours later, looking sharp, I was outside their house and honked my horn as she had instructed. Seconds later, she was skipping down the path and jumped into my car. She kissed my cheek again. She was dressed up and looked spectacular. She was wearing a shorter skirt than I'd ever seen her in and a loose black top that revealed her chest at the right angle. I couldn't help but stare.

She had earrings in which was unusual. I commented on this and she was obviously happy that I'd noticed. She was also wearing a necklace that bounced between her boobs, but I thought it best not to mention that. She had made a real effort for me and I felt worried, but flattered.

"How do I look, Michael?" she asked me, somewhat seductively.

I sighed. "Kristin. You're my best friend's daughter. I can't be telling you how you look."

She made a face. "Yes, you can. Now tell me or I'll call that moron Charles and have him tell me." We both laughed. 

I sighed again and just blurted it out. "I think you're..." her eyes went wide with expectancy and I stopped. I wanted to tell her that she was the most beautiful girl in the world. "That top is very pretty, Kristin." She made another face. 

"Fine. Be like that. Let's go!" she said happily. We went to the theater and watched the movie together. We both loved it and talked as it went along, discussing plot points and commenting on funny character actors. About 20 minutes in, she cuddled up to me and I felt her breasts press against my arm. It felt wonderful and I couldn't help but get hard, and I sat there hoping she wouldn't notice. It didn't help that she would whisper funny little things in my ear and a couple of times her hand dropped onto my knee. Afterwards, we went to a bar and had a drink. 

"I had a wonderful night, Michael. Can you imagine me having this kind of conversation with Charles or any other guy I know?" 

I was trying to steer her away from those ideas. "Oh, I'm sure some guys you know are very erudite."

"Michael, no guy I know even knows how to spell erudite." We both laughed. Then she looked at me, stood up and posed. "You wanna tell me how I look now?" I put my head in my hands. 

"You have lovely shoes on," I said, trying to not tell her how amazing and beautiful she was. 

"Really?" I shrugged and sighed. "You tell me how you really feel or I'm calling Charles right now," she said cheekily. I paused. Fine. I'll tell her, I thought to myself. I took her hand and looked her in the eye. 

"I think...you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, Kristin." 

She went bright red and opened her mouth in shock. I took my hand away and ordered another round from the bar. We didn't talk for a few minutes, and just finished our drinks. I felt awkward and wondered if I'd made a big mistake. "Should I drive you home, Kristin?" She nodded. I don't think she liked what I had said. I'm far too old for her and I'd made a fool of myself. 

I drove her home. Parked outside her house, she turned to me. "Michael. Did you mean what you said?" 

I was embarrassed. "Kristin, I'm so sorry. I went over the line and..." 

"Michael," she interrupted. "Did you mean it?"

"Every word," I admitted.

She stroked my face and looked me deep in the eye. "Michael, I..." she leaned in to kiss me but I backed off. My god I wanted to kiss her, to be with her, but I couldn't let it happen. I was making an idiot of myself and had to end this little flirtation right then. I began to think of all the possible disastrous consequences if this went any further. My mind turned to a woman my age at the office called Mary that I kind of liked and I decided there and then to ask her out tomorrow. Enough of this young girl idiocy. 

Kristin sat back and said my name again, ruefully. There was an awkward silence. "Thank you for a lovely evening," she uttered sadly. She got out of the car and walked up the path to her house. She turned around at the door and waved to me. I waved back, then drove off, conflicted and confused. 

Part 4.

After that, I stayed away for a little while. I had asked Mary out and we'd had a fairly non-eventful evening out with almost no chemistry at all. It was nothing like my night out with Kristin and I began to feel really low again. I wasn't going to see Mary again, I couldn't think of anyone but Kristin, but that was a non-starter. I had been invited over to Bill and Kate's place for movie night a couple of times but made excuses and didn't go. Eventually, however, I knew I would have to face up to it and the next time I was invited over, I accepted. It had been three weeks since I'd seen Kristin.

I arrived that evening and Kate let me in. She went to the kitchen and I walked down the hall to the bathroom. Kristin's door was ajar I saw her in her room. She heard my footsteps and we stood looking at one another for what seemed like a few minutes. She beckoned to me and I went in. "Close the door," she whispered. I left it ajar and walked straight over to her. I suddenly felt rather emotional.
