 "What are you thinking right now?" Samantha asked quizzically looking into my eyes from the other end of the sofa. 

"I'd love to be able to answer that one Sam but, I don't think I can honestly tell you."

Samantha tilted her head to one side. 

"Tell me Mark, I really want to know."

I had known Samantha all of my life having grown up together as kids, gone to the same school together and now, as adults, often gone out together as friends. For as long as I can remember, I had always had a secret crush on her but, I had never had the bottle to tell her how I felt. Samantha had clearly been oblivious to my feelings and had moved on with her life; she had married her boyfriend about 2 years earlier and seemed happy in married life. I certainly didn't want to do anything to spoil her marriage no matter how I secretly felt about her. 

Samantha poked me in the arm breaking me out of my trance-like state. 

"Mark spit it out and just tell me!" 

"I can't!" I replied 

"Why not?" 

"Because if I tell you, I know it will change things between us!" 

Samantha sat in silence looking me in the eyes for a few minutes and I could sense that something was about to change between us. 

Samantha reached out and took hold of my hand before breaking her silence. 

"Please Mark...just tell me the truth and let's get everything out into the open." As Samantha spoke, she gently rubbed my hand reassuringly. 

I took a deep breath unsure of whether I could honestly tell her what was on my mind. 

"Please Mark," Samantha urged softly again. 

"Ok," I replied. 

"Promise that this won't change anything between us?" 

"I can't promise that," Samantha replied, "but we will always be friends Mark." 

"Ok," I said before pausing briefly. 

"I was thinking how much I'd like to do things with you." 

Samantha smiled. 

"What sort of things?" 

"Sexual things." 

Samantha's eyes seemed to light up as she heard my words. 

"Oh really. So you do think about me in a sexual way then?" 

"I have done for a very long time." Having finally admitted how I felt to Samantha, it felt like a weight had been lifted from my shoulders. 

Samantha smiled and gently stroked my hand a couple of times. 

"I want to know everything," Samantha said as she inched across the sofa until she was sat right next to me. The scent of her womanly fragrance became so much more intense now that we were so close and I wasn't quite sure how open and honest I should be with her. 

"What do you mean?" 

"Just tell me in your own words what things you have thought about doing with me." 

"But you're married Sa...." Samantha cut me off mid-sentence 

"I only want talk about it. There's nothing wrong with that is there?" 

"I guess not," I replied uncertainly. 

"Let me make it easier for you," Samantha continued, "just answer me this one question to start with. If there was one thing you could do with me or to me right now, what would it be?" 

"That's kind of an awkward question to answer Sam," I replied very uneasy with admitting to her what I would really like to do. 

"Why is it awkward?" 

"I'm not sure I want you to know that and I have no idea how to put it into words without being crude and maybe offending you." 

Samantha giggled to herself. 

"I won't bite you Mark and I won't be offended. Just describe it to me like you would do to one of the guys down the pub." 

I hesitated still weighing up whether to open up to Samantha in a way I had never done with a woman before. 

"Ok, I think that if I could do anything with you right now, I think I would umm...." I paused. 

"Yes," Samantha urged me.

"I think I would have you strip naked and let me explore your naked body." 

Samantha smiled reassuringly.

"That wasn't too hard was it?" 

"I guess not," I replied feeling a stirring in my jeans. There was something arousing about being this open with Samantha. 

"Have you wanted to do that for a long time or was it just a spur of the moment thought?" 

"I've wanted to for as long as I can remember," I replied honestly. 

"I've been fascinated by your body and always wondered what it was like beneath your clothes." 

Samantha now did something I would never have expected. She put her arm around me, pulled me close and kissed me softly on the lips. 

I was left in a state of dazed confusion. 

"How would you reply if I said let's do it?" Samantha whispered into my ear. 

Her words had an immediate effect on me as my cock instantly stiffened inside my jeans and started to strain against my boxer shorts. 

I swallowed loudly and noticed Samantha giggle at my reaction.

"Do you want to or not?" 

I couldn't believe what was happening. 

"Sam you're married and I don't think your husband would appreciate us doi.." Again Samantha cut me off mid-sentence. 

"Put my marriage and my husband out of your mind and let me worry about what is and isn't ok for us to be doing." 

I didn't know how to respond. I had never in my wildest dreams expected anything like this to happen between Samantha and I. The thought of actually seeing Samantha naked and maybe even exploring her naked body was arousing beyond belief. 

"I'd flippin' love to," I replied enthusiastically. 

Samantha pulled me tightly against her in an embrace that lasted for a few seconds. 

"I think you should probably draw the curtains before we go any further."

"Oh...um...yeah that might be advisable," I replied as I stood and pulled the curtains together throwing the room into darkness. I heard the flick of a switch as Samantha turned on the lights and returned back to her previous position on the sofa. 

"How do you want to do this?" Samantha asked.

"What do you mean?" 

"Well, this is your fantasy and do I undress myself or do you undress me in it?" 

I thought long and hard and liked the idea of watching Samantha undress herself while I watched. 

"You undress yourself." 

Samantha just nodded and stood up in front of the sofa and then turned to face me. Without saying a word, Samantha reached up and pulled her sweater up over her head to reveal a black bra which tightly clung to her clearly substantial breasts. Her sweater was tossed onto the sofa beside me and then Samantha reached around to her back and thrust her breasts out as she unhooked her bra clasp. She held the cups of her bra onto her breasts. 

"Are you ready for this?" Samantha asked teasingly. 

"I've been ready for years," I replied in eager expectation. 

Samantha smiled again and then leant forwards slightly before releasing her bra and letting it slide down her arms. As she tossed her bra on top of her sweater, I sat mesmerised as I starred at her enormous breasts and her large, light pink nipples. 

"What do you think so far?" Samantha asked. 

"Mmm...they're lovely," I replied not really thinking. 

Samantha didn't pause for long and soon continued to undress by unfastening and then peeling her skirt down her legs leaving her stood in front of me wearing nothing but a pair of sheer black knickers. My eyes were now transfixed on Samantha's knickers - a small sliver of fabric was now all that stood between me and Samantha's pussy. 

"I hope this is living up to your fantasy," Samantha said as she hooked her fingers underneath the waistband of her knickers at each hip and then slowly eased them off of her hips and down her legs. 

"Oh my god," I gasped as I got my first sight of Samantha's pussy and totally naked, rubenesque body. 

"Do you like it Mark?" Samantha asked softly. "Do you like my pussy?" 

I really did not know how to reply to such a question. I'd never been asked by a woman whether I liked her pussy before. 

"It's beautiful," I replied hoping not to sound dumb. 

"Is it like you imagined it would be?" 

"Yeah...I mean you have an amazing body Sam." 

Samantha smiled and then spread her legs and lifted her arms into the air above her head adopting a star-like posture. 

"Take a good look at my body Mark."

I stood up and felt my hard cock snag inside my boxers as I slowly edged over to Samantha. 

"Can I touch?" I asked cautiously. Samantha didn't reply but, nodded her head softly up and down. 

I tentatively reached out my hands and cupped both of Samantha's ample breasts in my hands. Her breasts felt so hot in my hands and were larger than I had previously imagined. I don't know how big she actually was but, her breasts more than filled my hands feeling soft and yet firm at the same time as I gently squeezed them. Samantha's nipples felt like small stones as I softly rubbed them between my fingers. 

Having finally made contact with Samantha's breasts, my attention was immediately drawn to her other object of my dreams. I knelt down in front of Samantha, my face now level with her groin. Her brown curly pubic hair was trimmed neatly back to a V-shaped bikini line. I reached out and ran a finger down her slit feeling the wetness of her pussy as my finger travelled. 

As I pulled my finger away, Samantha dropped her arms, walked around me over to the sofa, sat on the edge of the cushion and leaned back in the seat. 

"I'm gonna do something for you that will blow your mind," Samantha said with a naughty grin on her face. 

"Ok," I said with nervous excitement as I swivelled round on my knees so that I was again facing her. 

I watched as Samantha lifted her feet onto the edge of the cushion so that her knees were bent and her feet were flat on the cushion. I was dumbstruck as she then parted her legs as wide as she could comfortably manage thereby exposing her entire pubic region to my gaze. 

"wow," I said in awe at the sight of Samantha's pussy but, she didn't stop here and she proceeded to reach down with her hands and pull her pussy lips apart, totally opening herself up to my gaze. 

"I think this is what you have been thinking about all this time," Samantha said gently. 

I just sat there silently gazing at the beautiful pinkness now revealed by her spread pussy lips. 

"Cat got your tongue?" Samantha asked after several minutes silence and inactivity from me. 

I just nodded still dumbstruck at the sight of her spread pussy. Samantha released her pussy lips. 

"What now?" she asked teasingly. 

"I really don't know I replied." 

"Wouldn't you feel more comfortable without your cock stuck in those confining jeans?" Samantha asked pointing at the prominent bulge at my crotch. 

I nodded and stood up then started to undo my jeans before pulling them and my boxers down in one motion. My cock sprang to attention sticking out at full erection pointing straight towards Samantha as I finished undressing until we were both stark naked. 

Samantha smiled as she gazed at my hard cock. 

"That must be a lot more comfortable," Samantha said as she leaned out from the sofa and gently took hold of my cock. 

"Oh god" I gasped as Samantha's cool hand wrapped around my cock and slowly pushed back on it, retracting my foreskin and exposing the hot, swollen, purple head of my cock to the cool air of the room. 

"Tell me what you want to do now," Samantha said as she started to very gently stroke her hand up and down my cock. 

"I'd love to watch you play with yourself," I replied virtually shaking from Samantha's touch. 

"Interesting," Samantha said as she stroked my cock a couple of times before releasing it. 

"Are you sure that is what you want?" Samantha asked. 

I nodded feeling my cheeks flush and my heart race at the thought. 

Samantha sat back into the seat again and dropped her left hand down to her pussy and her right hand up to her breasts. As I watched, she started to slowly masturbate; at first, slowly running a finger up and down the length of her pussy lips while fondling her breasts and nipples alternately. The sight was incredible and I couldn't resist stroking my cock as I watched Samantha getting more and more into her stride. 

Her hand moved faster on her clit and pussy lips, as her other massaged her breasts. My hand was quickly sliding up and down my cock as Samantha started to occasionally finger her now visibly wet pussy with two fingers. The sound of her juices been squished between her fingers and her pussy lips was exquisite as was the musky scent of sex now filling the room. We were both gazing at each other's genitals as we got ourselves closer and closer to cumming. Samantha was obviously getting close as her moans and groans were getting louder and more frequent and her cheeks and upper chest were getting more and more red by the second. Everything I was seeing and hearing was turning me, and when she started to talk, I could barely stop myself from cumming on the spot. 

"Oh my God Mark this feels so good. Your cock looks so nice from where I am sitting. I would love to feel you inside me. Oh God. Oh yes. I can't believe we never did this with each other before. Oh God. Why didn't you tell me how you felt years ago. Oh God. This is so fucking hot. OH GOD YES YES I'M CUMMING!" 

Her head thrust back in ecstasy as she orgasmed again and again repeatedly yelling my name. This threw me over the edge. "AHH SAM I'M CUMMING TOO!" I yelled as I felt the hot cum spewing up through my cock. It shot out of the end of my cock spraying all over my hand and Samantha's abdomen and thighs. 

Samantha looked down at her stomach in surprise. Then the realization of what happened hit her. 

"Yes yes Mark! Cum for me! Keep cumming on me! Cum on my tits." 

Hearing Samantha talking to me in this way - using very out of character, almost dirty language - sent even more cum shooting through my still orgasming cock up onto her. It was too late to move so that I could cum on her amazing tits but, just spraying my cum on Samantha was something that I couldn't believe I was actually doing. I was stood in front of Samantha, we were both completely naked, we had both just masturbated and orgasmed in front of each other and I had cum on Samantha's naked body. 

Having finally emptied my heavy balls of all of the cum that had built up, I dropped down onto the sofa beside Samantha exhausted. My cock slowly returned to its flaccid state as I watched Samantha gently rubbing her breasts with one hand while rubbing the fingers of her other hand through the sticky mess I had left on her. 

Several minutes of satisfied silence passed before either of us spoke again. 

"Seeing that we both seemed to enjoy that, I take it that you would like to do something like that again sometime?" 

"You'd better believe it. That and a whole lot more," I replied enthusiastically. 

"We'll see but, this has to be our little secret Mark." 

I nodded and for the first time since this had all started, I felt a little uncomfortable as I remembered that Samantha was married. 

"Alright, well I should probably go and have a shower if you don't mind me using your bathroom?" Samantha said as she stood up from the sofa. 

"Make yourself at home," I replied ", Oh and don't worry about the secret. I promise that I will never tell anyone else about this."

Samantha leant across and kissed me softly on the lips and then, without saying another word, she picked up her clothes and walked out of the room and upstairs towards the bathroom.