 The sun was pouring in through the skylight over the bed. I glanced over at Sharon asleep and thought about the events that brought me to this moment. Meeting her at the Left Bank Café, getting invited to hear her read her erotic story and here I was fucking this fascinating sexy woman. My journey was not only introducing me to lusty women, it was giving me a surprising perspective on my life. Until two days ago, when I impulsively left my routine and just took off with no idea where I was heading, I had no idea how little I knew about life. I knew history. I was a scholar and loved writing my historical novels, but now I was wondering if I could ever return to my previous way of living. For years I had been disciplined, conscientious, responsible—the virtues I believed were admirable. I believed Ben Franklin's motto, "Early to bed, early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise." Well, now I wondered whether it should say, "makes a man healthy, wealthy and ...boring."  

I got out of bed and glanced over at Sharon sleeping. I slipped on my jeans and went down the ladder and found the tiny bathroom. While I was peeing I looked down at my penis and thought, "You sure have been getting a lot of exercise, lately." I glanced at myself in the mirror, looked into my eyes, nodded to my image and said, "They say you can't teach an old dog new tricks, but you seem to be learning some tricks pretty quickly."

I heard Sharon coming down the ladder and when I opened the bathroom door, she was there, "Hi," she smiled. She was wearing her jeans but no top. "Mind if I use the potty," she said. 

"It's all yours," I said as she squeezed by me, her tits rubbing against my chest. 

When she came out, she asked, "How about a cup of tea?" She seemed a little nervous as she filled the kettle and put it on the hot plate. We were silent and it felt awkward. Finally, she said, "I feel a little weird. I've never done anything like this before."

"It's weird for me, too," I said. "I was just thinking how my life has suddenly changed by my taking off like I did."

"I'm shy," she said. "I keep to myself and live a quiet life."

"Me, too," I said, "But now I'm wondering why. Is it fear? Is it wanting to play it safe and protect myself?"

The teapot whistled and she poured two mugs over the teabags she had placed in them. 

When she handed me my mug, our fingers touched. She smiled at me. "Now here I am with a stranger in my cabin with my tits exposed and I like it. I know I write erotica because it's safe. I can fantasize about things that would never happen in real life and then, look what happened today." 

"Your story surprised me," I said.

"Wait until you hear some of the others," she said. "My imagination is much wilder than I am," she added. 

"But does that mean you want to be that wild?" I asked.

She took a sip of her tea and looked me in the eyes. "Yes, I think I do, but I frighten myself."

"What do you mean? I asked. 

"I don't understand why I write what I do? Why do I fantasize about being raped and ravished? What does that say about me? I don't want to be raped."

"Those are honest questions." I said. 

"The story I read to you, "The Pickup," I wouldn't dress like that or do what she did to pick up a stranger."

"But you did. You picked up me in the café."

"That's right, but it's not the same. I didn't dress up in order to lure a man,"

"You looked pretty sexy in those tight jeans and tee shirt without a bra," I said. "Maybe you do try to seduce men with your body and don't realize it and the way we looked each other was definitely sexy." 

Sharon was silent. She looked at me, surprised at what I said. "I like how I look and feel in tight jeans. And maybe you're right. I was attracted to you and I was writing an erotic story. I was turned on by how you looked at me, but it was very hard for me to invite you to my cabin. I've never done anything like that before."

"You followed your urge and overcame your fear and went after something you wanted." I said. "You were tired of living a fantasy life and when we met, you grabbed the opportunity."

Sharon looked at me and took a sip of her tea before speaking. "You're right. I am tired of fantasizing about fucking and wanted this to happen. I'd say we're both lucky." She looked at me and smiled. 

"We are lucky. Life is filled with opportunities but we must grab them and that's what we did." 

"That reminds me of a story I wrote. Would you like to hear another story?" she asked.  

"Sure, but if it's like the other one, I'm not sure you'll get to finish it."

Sharon laughed then picked up her folder and thumbed through the pile. Before she read, she got up to pour both of us more tea. I loved how she looked in her tight jeans and her tits sticking out. When she came back to the table, she smiled. "I like how you look at me," she said. 

I smiled and asked, "So what's the name of this story?"

Sharon took a sip of her tea and said, it's a rape fantasy called, "Wanting It." I'm almost embarrassed to read it but I want you to hear it." She looked at me and then down at her story. " Here it goes....Wanting it!"

Caroline was in her senior year at the College of Art and was a painting major. She had access to the studios at anytime and spent most of her waking hours in the cozy corner of the big studio next to a large floor to ceiling window. It was on the north side of the building and she loved the light that came in. She also spent a lot of time in her studio because she had a huge crush on her teacher, Jonathan Lockhart. He also spent a lot of time in the studio since his divorce. He was a developing a good reputation as an artist and was preparing for a show at the Peterson Gallery, a prestigious place to have a one-man show. 



Though he had a studio at his house, since the divorce, he could not afford another studio so used the college. Caroline loved being in the studio with Jonathan and valued his comments on her painting but more than that she wanted him. When he stood next to her looking at her painting, she wanted him to grab her and fuck her on the floor. They would talk about color and shapes and how the lines intersect and what were her plans and how much talent she had, but everything was intellectual. She suppressed her lust and pretended that their relationship was teacher-student, nothing more, but the more she suppressed, the hornier she got. He was in his forties, graying slightly. She was twenty, a student, someone teachers were not suppose take advantage of.

Caroline was determined, however, to have him cross over the line and fuck her. She became obsessed and could not wait to get to the studio every morning, knowing he would be there working on his show. She stayed late at night and he was impressed with how serious she was as a painter but had no clue at how serious she was about seducing him. 

She knew she had to be more aggressive to get beyond the platonic, intellectual relationship. She started wearing sexier clothes--short mini skirts with low cut blouses, tight low cut jeans with tee shirts without a bra. When he stood next to her, she stood closer than usual and brushed her tits against his arm. It was late spring and the days were getting hotter. She wore tight cut off jeans that barely covered her ass and her bikini top which barely contained her tits. She caught him looking at her body a few times and smiled at him, letting him know she liked how he looked at her. She thought she was breaking through his reserve but knew she he had to be brazen and daring to get him to take her. 

Sharon looked up at me and took a sip of her tea. The story was giving me insight into the way some women think. I didn't know what to say at first, but knew she wanted some reaction. "I like the story," I said. "I think I'm a lot like Jonathan,"    

"That's interesting, because though I'm not like Caroline I would like to be," she said. 

"You'd like to be more daring and seductive," I asked. 

"Yes, but I'm too afraid." Sharon paused and then continued reading. 



One night Caroline brought a bottle of wine to the studio, got two glasses and walked over to Jonathan's side of the studio. All the other students were gone. She wore a short tight denim skirt, a small peasant blouse that was low on her shoulders and revealed a lot of cleavage. She wore no bra and knew her tits were visible through the blouse. "If this doesn't get him to fuck me, nothing will," she thought.

Jonathan was painting and Caroline stood next to him, holding the wine. "Let's get drunk," she said. 

Jonathan stopped painting and looked at her. "Caroline!" he said. "What are you saying?"

"I said, let's get drunk and fuck." she said. 

"What's gotten into you?" he asked. 

"Come on, Jonathan. I see how you look at me. Stop pretending you're this damn high and mighty art teacher and I'm just your student. " 

"Caroline, this is crazy, I can't. We can't." he said, shocked at her behavior.  

"Who says we can't. Admit it, you like me and you like my body. I see how you look at me. So why can't we be more than teacher and student. I can tell you want to fuck me."

Caroline poured two glasses of wine and handed one to Jonathan. "Come on let's get drunk. I have a joint here and we can get stoned and fuck each other like wild animals."

 "I've never seen this side of you," Jonathan said. 

 "That's because you wouldn't look, but I've been seducing you for weeks and I see how you look at me that you like what you see. You've been wanting this to happen."



Jonathan took a sip of wine and looked at Caroline smiling at him. She took a sip of her wine. "Admit it, I turn you on. You want me but think it's wrong to fuck a student and that's stupid. Admit it, you want to fuck me."

Jonathan was silent. He looked Caroline in the eyes and then looked at her tits Caroline watched his eyes and said smiled. "You want to grab my tits, don't you Jonathan? Admit it, be honest with yourself. You' ve been wanting to fuck me for weeks haven't you?"

"Caroline, I have to admit it, I do find you attractive," he said.

"No you find me more than attractive. I make you horny," Caroline said. "I see how you look at my ass and then you look away when I turn, Admit it, Jonathan"   

 "Yes, I find you sexy and I admit it Caroline, if I weren't your teacher, I'd want to...ah, fuck you." 

"That's what I wanted to hear. Now we're being honest."

They finished one glass of wine and then another. They sat on the bench Jonathan had in front of his canvas where he'd sit and study his work. Caroline took out a joint, lit it and passed it to Jonathan. 

Sharon looked over at me. "Would you like to get stoned?" she asked. "I have some pot."

"Sure," I said. "I had some the other day for the first time in years."

Sharon opened up a small metal box and had a joint already rolled. "I keep this stash here for inspiration," she said.

She lit the joint, took a hit and passed it to me. "Are you trying to seduce me like Caroline?" I asked. 

"Maybe," Sharon answered and took a deep hit of the joint, then passed it to me with a big smile. Ready to hear the rest of the story?" she asked.

It was getting dark out and Sharon had some candles on the table and lit them. She moved her pages closer to the candle light and started to read. The pot was taking affect and I stared at the flickering flame of the candles as she continued reading. 





The combination of wine and pot relaxed Jonathan. Caroline sat next to him on the bench and kept her thigh pressed against his. The wine was finished. The joint was smoked. Caroline reached into her pocketbook and took out two candles already in candle holders. She lit them and placed them on a small table next to the bench. She then walked over to the light switch and turned out the light. When she came back she stood in front of Jonathan, spread her legs and straddled him, but did not sit down. He looked up at her as she looked down at him with a devilish smile. Her short skirt was high on her thighs. She leaned forward so that her tits were at eye level. He looked at her tits and her open legs hovering above his cock straining to burst through his jeans. 

"You want to fuck me now don't you?" she said. 

"Yes," Jonathan said. 

Caroline sat down on his lap, her legs spread, her cunt against his bulging cock.

"I want to hear you say it," she said, "Tell me what you want to do to me" She rubbed her cunt up and down and looked Jonathan in the eyes.

 Just then Jonathan grabbed Caroline's 'ass and said, "Okay damn it, I want to fuck you. Is that what you want to hear?" He started pulling her against him and pushing his cock harder against her cunt. "I want you!" he said, tightening his grip on her ass. "I'm going to fuck your god damn brains out," he added. 

Suddenly Caroline stopped rubbing against his cock and pushed his hands away from her ass. "What do you think you're doing?" she asked. She then got up and backed away pretending to be frightened. 



"What's wrong?" Jonathan asked. 

"We shouldn't be doing this Mr. Lockhart. You're a teacher. And I'm just an innocent student. This is naughty."

Jonathan was surprised at this turn of events but his cock was so hard and the wine and pot had broken down his reserve. He stood up and had an angry look as she backed away.

"What's going on?" he asked. "Damn it, you're a cock tease." 

"I'm sorry. Mr. Lockhart, I didn't mean to get you so worked up. I didn't know how I was dressed would make you so horny." 

Caroline backed up and Jonathan moved forward. "You're a tease." He moved towards her and grabbed her wrists, "And now you're going to get what you deserve."

"No, Mr. Lockhart. Please Mr. Lockhart, don't hurt me."

"Caroline, don't play games with me. You want it. You want me to fuck you."

Caroline had never seen this look on his face or the tone of voice, but this was exciting her. She was getting what she wanted. 

Jonathan grabbed Caroline's blouse and pulled it down so that her tits were exposed. He then pulled him to her with his hands firmly on her ass and ground his cock into her cunt. "Let me go, Mr. Lockhart. Don't rape me."



Suddenly, they were on the floor. Jonathan had her legs spread. He ripped off her panties and held her down as Caroline tried wriggling away. 

"You want this," he said. "You want it bad, don't you?"

"No. No. No." Caroline screamed, pounding on his chest "Let me go!" 

Jonathan spread her legs and plunged his cock into her wet cunt. He knew she was ready for him and as he rammed into her, she said, "No Stop, please stop," but at the same time, lifted her self up so that he could get deeper. 

Jonathan face was above hers. He looked her in the eyes with a fierceness she had never seen. "You're a god-damn cock tease and you're getting what you want, aren't you?" 

"Yes, oh, yes, I want it bad. Fuck me!" She was getting what she wanted and screamed louder, 'FUCK ME. I WANT IT. DO ME HARDER!"



Just then Sharon looked up at me and I looked at her. Her mouth was open and she was breathing heavily. She put the story on the table. My cock was bulging in my jeans. Her legs were spread open in front of me, the seam of her jeans tight against her crotch. Her nipples were sticking out. She was looking into my eyes, biting her lower lip. It was as if she became Caroline and I became Jonathan. 

 I stood up and grabbed her wrist. "What are you doing?" she asked. She tried to shake loose and looked up at me. "What are you doing?" she repeated. 

"What do you think I'm doing?" I pulled her up from the chair. My hands were tight on her arms as I pushed her up against the ladder to her loft and held her there. "I want you!" I said. I then grabbed her ass and pulled her against me, rubbing my cock into her. 

"Please, let me go. Don 't hurt me," she whimpered and tried to squirm away. 



"You can't read a story like that and expect to get away with it. You're going to get what you deserve you cock tease. "

"Let me go. You can't do this to me!"

"Oh yes I can," I said, my face up against hers. "I held her ass with one hand, unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down. I was wild with lust. 

"Tell me you don't want me to fuck you," I said. "Come on." Tell me to stop."

"Don't do this. Let me go," she screamed. "You can't do this to me."

"I'm giving you what you want," I said, spreading her legs and moving my cock up and down her pussy, forcing my self into her wet entrance. She was dripping with juice from her story and from what I was doing. I then lowered her to the floor, spread her legs and thrust into her and then pulled out. "You like that, don't you?" 



My cock was just above her cunt. I whispered in her ear. "Beg for it. Tell me to fuck you. I won't fuck you until you beg for it." I looked her in the eyes. 

She looked up at me, her mouth opened, breathing heavily, but did not speak. "You want it bad, don't you? You think you can get away with being a cock tease, don't you?"

"Let me go," she said, "Please, don't do this to me," she yelled.   

I held her down and moved my cock up and down against her wet cunt. 

Sharon moaned, feeling my hot cock on her cunt. "You want my cock in you, don't you? You want it bad, don't you, don't you? Beg for it."

With each swipe of her cunt, the tip of my cock went deeper, making her hotter. Finally, she pushed back and said, "Stop teasing me you bastard. Fuck me!" 



"You really want it, don't you?" I said, keeping my cock on the edge of her pussy, putting the tip in and pulling out. 

"You're driving me crazy," she yelled. Her eyes were fierce. "Fuck me, you god damn bastard!" she yelled. "Don't tease me. Give it to me. Fuck me, now."

I liked how worked up she was and how her dirty words filled the room. She wrapped her legs around my waist, her ankles locked, pulling me into her. But I held back, resisting the strength of her legs. She lifted her ass up off the floor, desperately trying to get my cock into her cunt. She yelled, FUCK ME, DAMN YOU. I WANT IT BAD. FUCK ME HARD!" 



I loved how out of her mind with lust she was and it was all I could do not to ram my swollen cock into her. Finally, I couldn't stand it any more and I let her pull me into her, my cock going deep with my first thrust. I then pulled out and rammed into her again and again and again, harder and harder. 

'With each thrust, Caroline screamed, "OHHHHHHHHMYGOD I LOVE IT I LOVE IT FUCKME FUCK ME!

"You like my cock in you, don't you?" I said through gritted teeth as I pounded her tight cunt."

"OH YES, YES, I LOVE HOW YOU'RE FUCKING ME!"

I loved how her tight cunt felt on my swollen cock and how wet she was. I knew I was on the verge of cumming but wanted to hold it back until she exploded with her orgasm, but I knew it would be close.

I rammed into her like a piston, her screaming urging me to pound harder. Finally, she shuddered and screamed, 'OHHHHHHHHHGOD I'M CUMMING. FUCK ME FUCK ME I'M THERE!"

Her words took me over the edge and I felt my climax rising from my legs up, into my cock, erupting and my hot sperm spurting into her, causing me to yell, HERE IT COMES. I'M CUMMING!"

'CUM IN ME," she yelled. GIVE IT TO ME! FUCK ME!"

I could not believe how intensely I came as spurt after spurt of my sperm filled her cunt. I was spent and collapsed on her, my cock still in her. Neither of us could move. We were panting and gasping for air. I rolled over and lay next to her on the floor. We couldn't speak. 

"Wow, that was wild," she finally said. 

"See what you started by reading me your story," I said. "This is all your fault."

"No it's not," she said. "You're just a dirty old man who takes advantage of young writers."

"No, you're a horny woman who seduces men with erotic stories." 
