 Continued from Pt. 1. Please read that chapter first then come on back!

Part 14.

Mrs. Singer doesn't flirt with me as much as she once did. I feel a distance between us and wonder if she is ashamed at what she'd done with me. Maybe she is trying to fix her marriage and doesn't think it's a good idea to be fooling around with a teenage boy. Mr. Singer has been around much more than usual and I continue to resent him. Still, I try and be nice and help her with the dishes and cooking if I can and she still tells me I'm a "good boy." 

In the meantime, I'd gone out with a girl in school who had given me a hand job at the end of our date, but it wasn't as good as the one Mrs. Singer had given me. I miss her and feel depressed about it.

A few weeks go by and I'm over at their house again; I'm still Tommy's best friend after all. Mrs. Singer is there and for the first time in ages and Mr. Singer is nowhere to be seen. She is doing yoga and she looks fabulous. She is super friendly and seems pleased to see me. I watch her for a while and get really turned on looking at her lovely figure. I think I'll try for our first flirt in a while. 

"Mrs. Singer, you look..." 

"How do I look, Nick?" 

"Well, you look, um..." 

"Old? Fat?" 

"What?" 

"You heard me, Nick. I've been feeling old and ugly." 

"Mrs. Singer, you're not serious!" 

"I am, Nick. I haven't had any boys tell me I look pretty in so long." She stretches herself out and pushes out her bust. I can see her nipples poking through the fabric and I feel a tingle in my cock. Perhaps she is feeling neglected again and misses my attention.

"Well, I was going to say that I thought you looked...very sexy. Can't you tell?" Mrs. Singer looks down, sees the lump in my pants and does that smile that she used to do all the time. It has been too long since we had flirted this way. She looks at me with a girlish grin and makes a little wriggly move. Then, she bends over forward, showing off how flexible she is. 

"What would happen if I did this, Nick?" she whispers and opens her mouth seductively. She is clearly in the mood.

"Well, Mrs. Singer, I would probably have to immediately go to the bathroom and jerk off." 

"Nicholas! Hmm. I can see you haven't lost your cheek. Am I really that sexy, sweetie?" She lowers her voice. 

"Mrs. Singer, you're the hottest lady I know. I still dream about you all the time. And I would love to touch you in those nice silvery pants." 

"Oh, Nick, you know, you really do have a way of making me feel young and attractive. Thank you. Come and give me a hug, honey." Even though I feel somewhat manipulated, I go in for a hug. My raging hard boner presses up against her and my pulse races. "Oh, Nick. Hi, big boy. Hmmm," she wriggles in closer, and then whispers in my ear. "Go on, Nick. As a reward, you can feel up my ass. Go on, baby." 

She doesn't have to ask twice. I move my hand down and give her a squeeze. She feels amazing in her close fitting pants. She spreads her legs a little and my fingers drift into her crack. I'm close to her pussy with my hand as her chest brushes against mine. She says "Mmmmmm" and holds me tight. With my other hand, I go to touch her breast, but she slaps it away. "Now, now, Nicholas. Don't be a greedy boy. And anyway, I need to do my yoga and you've gone and made me all wet," she chuckles. 

I don't know how to respond. I stand there stupidly and she winks at me and whispers "You know, my pussy. My pussy is wet." She pulls away and says, "Go on, be off with you." I'm thrilled but frustrated. I've missed these moments together and want more, but I left wondering if she just enjoys leading me on and being a tease.

But that doesn't stop me from still hanging out with Tommy, and before too long I'm back at their house again. We're into playing World Of Warcraft online these days and are absorbed in an epic game for the ages. A few hours in, however, Tommy needs to go and run and errand and I decide to stay at their place for the afternoon and keep playing. I hear a noise in the living room and hoping it's his Mom, I go and investigate.

I see her. She's wearing workout clothes, holding a basketball. My mind goes back to the last wonderful occasion when she is doing the same thing. I go over and talk to her.

"Oh, hey Mrs. Singer. Playing basketball again?" She seems pleasantly surprised to see me.

"Phew, yes. I just got back. I'm all smelly and sweaty," she laughs. "How are you, Nick?"

"Oh, I'm OK. Want to try another wager?" 

"Mmmmmaybe, Nick. What do you have in mind?" she says with a twinkle in her eye.

I haven't seen her husband around in a while and after our last encounter, I'm hoping she might be into slipping back to our old ways again. I'm feeling bold. "Let's see. If I can get that ball off you in one minute, I get to spend another minute touching you wherever I like, and you just have to let me." She pulls a face, then looks at me as if she's in thought.

"You really think that's a good idea?" she says at last.

"It's nothing we haven't done before, Mrs. Singer."

She looks at me for a while as if weighing the options, then cracks a little smile. "OK, Nick. You're on. I don't see the harm in that. And what if you lose?" 

"You can touch me?" I say and we both laugh. 

"That sounds like a win-win for you, Nick. No, how about...you have to wash my car." 

"Fine," I say. "Got a timer?" She sets the timer on her phone. She gets into a defense position and we wrestle a little bit. She is giggling and clearly having fun. I have the ball in under 30 seconds and it doesn't seem like she tried too hard. "OK, Mrs. Singer," I say, grinning like a fool. "You want to do this now?" She doesn't say anything but slowly puts her arms up, and her hands behind her head in surrender. Her face is cold as ice and it turns me on even more. I move in. 

I start by touching her hair, neck, cheek and ears. I move down her arms to her breasts. I have both hands caressing her and she lets out a tiny moan and opens her mouth. I move my hands down her tummy to her shorts. They're flexible elastic and I put my hand down the front, but not inside her panties. She makes a little surprised gasp. I massage her pussy lips and she feels moist and soft. Our eyes are locked and our breathing quickens. She opens her legs a little. 

I continue gently touching her with my left hand, and with my right, return to her breast. Our faces are touching, our noses brushing and our lips an inch apart, but I don't kiss her. We can feel each other's hot breath as I continue fondling her. She moans a little more and I can feel her bush through her panties. It is a perfect, magical moment.

"I'm glad I let you win, Nick," she whispers. 

"You know it's been well over a minute, Mrs. Singer," I reply. 

"I know, Nick". She still has her arms poised in surrender. "I'm giving you extra time for good behavior." I continue to massage her pussy and hold her close to me with my other arm. She arches her body and her breasts press against me. She makes little "Uh uh uh" sounds as I pleasure her with my fingers.

"You're nice and wet, Mrs. Singer," I tell her softly. 

"That's because you're touching my pussy, Nick. And you're...doing a...good job," she says breathlessly. Our lips meet and my fingers slip underneath her panties. I can feel her wetness. 

"I've missed you," I whisper as I run my fingers through he pubic hair. She relaxes into me completely.

"I've missed you too, Nicholas," she replies.

Just then, a car pulls up in the driveway and Tommy comes jogging towards the front door. I remove my hands, and Mrs. Singer straightens out her clothes and hair. We move apart.

"You know, I would have let you finger me, Nick," she tells me as I'm returning to Tommy's room in a hurry. I wash her car anyway.

Part 15.

Tommy and I are hanging out at his place again, watching a movie in the main room. I haven't seen his dad around for a long time, and I'm thinking that their marriage might be on the rocks again. Luckily, Mrs. Singer is there, pottering around and she looks fantastic as usual. Today, she's wearing this green jumpsuit which is tight fitting, accentuating everything in all the right way. As soon as I see her, I'm instantly aroused.

Tommy tells me he needs to go and meet his dad for a few hours but suggests I stay and watch the rest of the film, so I do. A few minutes later, his Mom enters the room. "Mrs. Singer, you look amazing! Your tits look fantastic! Can I give them a squeeze?" I blurt out without thinking.

"Nicholas! No you may not. Cheeky boy," she replies sternly, but with a smile. I know she likes me touching her but she enjoys controlling me even more.

"OK, fine," I say, feeling a little hurt. She stands there, apparently lost in thought, then turns to me.

"Listen, Nick, I know it's your birthday tomorrow and I won't see you, so...do you want me to give you my gift now?" I nod furiously and suddenly get very excited. No one else is home. Is this it? Am I going to get to fuck her finally? "Now, Nick. Give me about 5 minutes. You wait here. When I come back you need to close your eyes and you can't open them until I say so, OK? Deal?" 

"Deal, Mrs. Singer," I say and wait on the couch. She runs off and I hear her fiddling about in her bathroom. What is she doing? Some time passes. Then I hear her call, "OK, Nick baby. I'm coming in. Close your eyes. Are they closed?" 

I pause the film and close my eyes. "Yes they are." I hear her walk in. 

"OK, Nick. Happy birthday sweetie. Open your eyes now."

I open my eyes. And there she is. Standing ten feet from me, completely naked except for stiletto heels and a bow in her hair. "Happy Birthday, sweetheart," she whispers like Marilyn Monroe. I start to speak, but can't. I start to get up, but she tells me to "sit back down." She moves closer. "This is a visual gift only, Nick. No touching. But I'll stand here in front of you for as long as you like. No one will disturb us for a while. I made sure of it. Now, you sit back and relax and enjoy the view." 

I'm amazed. She is the most incredible woman I have ever known, not just because of her amazing body and beautiful nature, but because she has the confidence to do this. She looks beyond belief. She must have groomed herself just for me, because her pussy hair looks immaculate. Her breasts aren't large, but they are lovely and surprisingly perky for a middle-aged woman. 

I go bright red. I'm out of breath, rock hard, sweating. I'm nervous. She can see my reaction and she's enjoying it. She knows she is a star and I'm in awe. She stands there for what seems like half an hour, just making little movements, occasionally turning, bending over, touching herself a little or putting her hair back and stretching out. She doesn't need to perform, she knows this is a dream come true for me. My eyes cover every inch of her curves.

"Do you like your birthday gift, Nick?" she whispers seductively. I nod like an idiot, desperately wanting to take my dick out and jerk off. I still can't really find the words to adequately express myself. 

"Thank you, Mrs. Singer, I...you..." 

"I know, Nick. You're a good boy and you deserve this gift." 

"Can I take a picture of you, Mrs. Singer?" She puts her hands on her hips and looks at me crossly.

"Why? so you can post it on the internet? I may be a naughty, bored housewife, Nicholas, but I'm not an idiot," she says.

"Mrs. Singer, I would never..." 

"Actually, no, I don't think you would. I tell you what, would you like me to sit on your knee for 2 minutes and kiss you, or would you like a picture? Chose wisely, Nick." It's a no brainer, so I tap my knee.

"Wise choice, Nick baby." She walks over to me and sits down on my knee. her legs are crossed, but she put her tits against me, then her arms around my neck and kisses me. Full on french, soft, slow and delicious. She takes one of my hands and puts it on her breast. As we're kissing, she drops one hand down and draws little lines with her fingertips over the lump in my pants. I spread my legs and she gives me little cock and ball tickles as we make out. My hands wander all over her and she caresses my hair with her free hand. 

I sense she wants me to fuck her there and then, but as usual, I'm too scared to make a move. She is in control. After a few minutes, she stops kissing me. "That was lovely, Nick. You're such a sweet boy. Thank you. Now, I'm going to get dressed. I'm sorry for the blue balls, but I hope that was a nice birthday present anyway." She gets up and walks away, giving me a little smile and a wave as she goes. I look down and she's left a stain on my pant leg.

As she's getting dressed, I just sit there, amazed and in shock. After a few minutes, she comes back with the same amazing green outfit on as before. It makes her body look magnificent and I just want to get my hands all over her again. I've never been so turned on in my life and I know that she's hot for me as well. I stand up, my hard dick pushing against my pants.

"Hi Nick baby" she purrs. As I walk over to her she put her arms above her head provocatively. I don't care about asking or about respect, I just have to have more. I move straight over to her and grab her firmly, but not violently of course. I kiss her and put my hands all over her, again firmly, but not aggressively.

She responds in kind, with beautiful, full kisses and her hands all over my body. As I probe between her legs, she does the same. Despite the fact that she has actually jerked me off before, I feel that this is the furthest we have ever gone together. It's our most intimate connection so far. "Mrs. Singer, I want an early Christmas present," I say in between kisses. 

"Tell me what you want, baby," she says while squeezing the lump in my pants. 

"I want to make love, Mrs. Singer. To eat your pussy. To fuck. I want to fuck you. I want it all, I must have you," I reply feverishly.

"I know you do, Nick. I want you to fuck me as well." She stops kissing me and just holds on in a tender embrace. "I've thought about it a lot. Every day for a year, Nick. I've thought about your cock in me. But today is the first time I actually want it to happen. I don't care about the consequences." So much for her saying "Visual gift only."

"Mrs. Singer, do we have time? I don't want to rush." 

"I don't know...I..." 

We fall back into kissing and touching each other. She unzips my fly and finds my cock. Just then, just as she is about to get down on her knees, as if the gods themselves intervene to thwart our plans, a car pulls up in the driveway. Tommy and his dad have just come home. 

"Fuck. Shit. Nick. I'm sorry. sweetie, you shouldn't be here. They're home early. Baby, I'm sorry. You should slip out the back. Come back soon and we'll see, OK? I'm sorry. But I hope you had a nice birthday. I wanted to give you more." Mrs. Singer is in a panic, so leads me to the back door and gives me another sweet kiss. 

"You're a lovely boy, Nick. You walk home now, OK? Will you be OK?" I can see she feels bad and that she is freaking out. My presence would have been easy to explain, if I'd just sat down and continued with the film, but I can see she's a mess so I zip up my pants and obey her. 

"It's fine, Mrs. Singer. Thank you for everything. It was...amazing." I hear keys in the front door and slip out the back unseen. I walk home in a daze of euphoria, hardly being able to contain my joy and excitement at our seemingly deepening relationship. My entire body is tingling from her touch.

Part 16. 

I'm over at the Singer house the next day and everyone is there, including Tommy's asshole dad who I wish would just fucking leave. But as usual, with Tommy off playing video games and being oblivious to reality all the time, and Mr. Singer passed out in front of the TV, I have plenty of time to devote to the lady of the house. 

She's in her office and when I see that she is alone, I knock and go in. She looks amazing in little short shorts and a tight t-shirt and I feel drawn to her. I don't know where we stand exactly, if she had said those things yesterday in the heat of the moment, so I don't just leap in. "Nick. Hold it right there for a second," she says.

She turns around and bends over, sticks her ass in the air and picks up a pencil. It's an amazing view and she just stays there. She turns her face towards me and says, "Ooops. I dropped this pencil. How clumsy of me," then she puts her hand over her mouth, in mock surprise. She's so cute.

"Yes...it, um...looks like you did," I say, checking out her beautiful behind. I can see the shape of her pussy through her tight shorts.

"And how do I look, Sir?" 

"You are the most gorgeous and sexy woman in the world, Mrs. Singer," I manage to say. 

"Thank you, Nick baby. Now come over here and show me how sexy you think I am." She stays in that position. I move towards her and put my hand between her legs and the other on her tits. She isn't wearing a bra and she feels wonderful. "Oh yes, baby. Perfect," she says. I massage tits and pussy her for a while, and she just makes little "Mmmmmm Nick" type noises. She spreads her legs and I continue rubbing her.

After a minute or so, she stands up straight and turns around. We kiss. "Nick, I'm going to want you to have me soon, OK? But the time needs to be right. Can you wait?" 

"Yes I can Mrs. Singer, as long as you want." I'm trying to keep my cool. I'm wondering what's going on with her marriage now.

"OK, Nick, thank you. Now, I have two questions. First of all, are you still a virgin and secondly, don't you think you should call me Laura now, at least when we're together?" 

"Well, I'm slightly embarrassed to say, but yes, I am a virgin, though I have, y'know, um...with girls. Will you be my first, Mrs. Singer?" 

"I want to pop your cherry, Nick, OK? I think it will be very special for you. Is that alright?" I nod, shyly. "Now, let's go about our day, OK?" 

"Yes, Mrs. Singer, thank you." 

"Laura." 

"Yes, Mrs. Singer." We both laugh.

I'm over at the Singer house pretty often after that. I tell Tommy that my parents aren't getting along, and that I would prefer to be at his place most of the time. He doesn't care. In fact, he had mentioned that his parents were also not getting along and that he'd heard them arguing often. That would certainly explain Mrs. Singer's behavior towards me and why she seems to have decided to actually have an little fling with me. Mrs. Singer is playing the piano and Mr. Singer is nowhere to be seen.

During dinner that night, however, she doesn't flirt with me at all and seems distracted. After dinner, we all sit down and watch a movie and again, there isn't much flirting. In fact, she had flirted with me way more in the past. Maybe she is nervous about being discovered now, or maybe has changed her mind. I get a little paranoid.

During the movie, Tommy gets up to microwave some popcorn, and she takes that 5 minutes as an opportunity to mess with me. I'm sitting opposite her, and she suddenly opens her legs to reveal her pussy. I get hard instantly and make a little hand gesture to communicate that to her. She smiles sexily, and sits there like that until Tommy comes back with the popcorn. Later, she kisses me and says that I should go home, that it is a bad time for her. I go home and jerk off thinking about her as usual.

Part 17.

These days I mostly come over to see Tommy's Mom, though that makes me feel bad. I'm partly outgrowing Tommy's video games, but I still enjoy hang out. Only, I like hanging out with his Mom more. I have been reading another book on art history and hope I can talk to her about it and maybe impress her with my new knowledge. I want her to see me as an equal.

As soon as I walk into their place, I see her. "Hi Nick sweetie," she says softly. She is wearing that sheer black dress that I'd seen her in before and it is one of her most overtly sexy outfits.
