 A few weeks after my first encounter with the sultry Erica, we had another fun tryst. On a hot Friday afternoon, she called me up. 

"Hi there, Brad. Guess what?" she mewed. I knew she loved doing this.

"What?" I said, having an idea what she had in mind.

"Well, my mom and Dave just left. They're going away for the night. Hmm...looks like I'll be pretty lonely tonight... Unless you'd like to drop by for a while?" she said innocently. 

"Sure, Erica, I'll drop by. What time would be good?"

"Um, how about right now. I just got out of the shower, and I'm pretty bored..."

"I'll be there in 5." 

We hung up and I raced to gather up some things. I was ready in a few minutes and left a note for my parents, saying I was staying the night at Dave's. Which was true, for the most part. I ran out to my car and headed off to see Erica. 

When I got there, the door was locked, so I rang the doorbell. After a minute, Erica appeared, clad in panties and a tight t-shirt. 

"What a surprise, Brad. Come on in." She turned and walked away from the door, giving me a perfect view of her little ass. I followed her in, shutting the door, and dropping my stuff next to it. She continued over to the hall, and gestured for me to follow her. I trailed behind her until we arrived at her bedroom. We both entered and I found what should've been an innocent girls room. Pink walls, teddy bears, not what a little teasing slut should have. I guess it all fit in right, she was wearing little cotton panties, as always, always acting naive. Well, it just added to the fun. She plopped down on her bed and patted for me to lay down with her. I lie down, facing her, and put my hand on her panty-covered ass. She moaned and pulled away to discard her shirt. Not surprisingly, there was no bra underneath. Her breasts shook loose and I reached in to fondle them. I rolled her on her back, and lay next to her, taking her ample breasts in each hand, squeezing and massaging them. She moaned softly and reached between her legs, rubbing her crotch gently through her panties.

"Oh, Brad, I've been so horny these past few weeks. I've needed a dick so badly." she said, with puppy-dog eyes. As she said this, she reached over to my pants, and unbuttoned them, reaching inside. I leaned back on her bed, and allowed her full access to my body. She took her time with my pants, slowly tugging them off and then rubbing me through my underwear. Finally, she had both off, and had taken off my shirt as well. She positioned her head right over my cock, and dropped her head down to take my cock down her throat. As she moved her mouth up and down my shaft, she cupped my balls in her other hand, giving them a gentle squeeze each time she reached the top. After a few minutes of this I exploded deep in her mouth and she swallowed each load I gave her. 

"Mmm, I love your cock, Brad. Would you like a taste of my little cunt?" she asked wickedly. 

"Sure, babe. Come over here and sit on my face." 

She stood up on the bed, and hooked her thumbs in her white panties, the front was soaked by this point. I could make out her little puffy lips through the thin fabric. She tugged them down, and through them off the bed. She walked over me, straddling my face, and lowered her little bald cunt down onto my face. She gently placed her pussy right above my face and then ground her cunt into my face. Her juices leaked all over my face, and I reached around and grabbed her ass and pressed her whole cunt into my face. She squealed and continued on grinding into me. As she got closer to climax, her grunts became louder, and she broke her rhythm and started moving her cunt up and down on my face. She came hard, her whole body shuddering, and her juices soaked my face. She collapsed on top of me, and slid down so her face was even with mine. She began lightly licking off her juices off my sticky face. 

After she had cleaned my face, she moved back on her legs, and sat down on my rock-hard dick. She worked it in to the hilt, her cunt resting on my balls. She raised herself up and began sliding her pussy up and down my cock. Each time she came down I went deeper in her tunnel, causing her to cry out. We worked each other into a lustful rhythm, and I grabbed her hips and helped her thrust down onto my manhood. Soon after, I took total control, and rammed her down and pushed her up. She used one free hand to help rub against her clit, the other to pinch her puffed nipples. She came before me, letting out a scream, and squeezing the life out of my cock. I somehow held on for a few seconds longer and shot my load deep in her pussy. 

I lifted her exhausted body off my shrinking dick, and she crawled over next to me, laying next to me. She fell fast asleep within a few minutes, and I was right behind her. 

We awoke the next morning, still laying next to each other, and still sticky from our previous night's play. We had slept all night naked, sleeping close to one another. I rose, and while I went to use the bathroom, she got dressed, sort of. She pulled on a new pair of her little panties, this time a silky bikini, and a lace bra. We made breakfast and chatted about our fun last night.

"Goddamn, Brad, that was the most fun I've had in a long time." she said, from across the table. 

"I know, me too. I've never had a fuck like that before."

She continued eating and after we had finished, she suggested we take a shower together.

"Remember last time? We had a lot of fun in there." 

I followed her in and helped her remove her panties, already wet again.

"Damn," I thought. "This girl is always ready to fuck."

We entered the shower, and I began lathering her tan body up. I lightly brushed her sensitive areas, but spent most of my time on her flat stomach and dark legs. I could tell I was driving her crazy. I finally washed her sensitive nipples and puffy cunt lips. After I had finished, I told her to get down on all fours. She giggled and did as she was told. I bent down behind her, and moved my face right behind her perfect ass. I inserted a finger into her hot pussy and then entered my tongue deep into her depths. As the water poured down onto us, I had my tongue buried in her cunt and she was playing with her tits. When she hit orgasm, she let out a cry and grabbed a hold of the door for support. She stood up, and pushed me back towards the built-in seat. I sat down, and she climbed up onto my cock. With her ass facing me, and her cunt over my cock, she grabbed the railing for support, and started bouncing up and down on my dick. I helped her thrusts and before long, her hot orgasms started. I pounded that cunt until it tightened up and she climaxed. Again, I held my ejaculation in, and she pulled off my cock, and turned around to finish the job. 

She took my manhood in her cute little mouth, looking up at me with that innocent face. She licked off her wetness and worked my cock until I couldn't hold it any longer. I exploded into her mouth, this time, she pulled my cock out, and let it blast her in the face over and over. She backed into the stream of water and washed my cum off of her face. 

We had been in the shower for a long time, so we cleaned up and got out to towel each other off. We spent a while watching a movie, in our underwear, and the time approached that her family would be home.

"You have to persuade Dave and you mom to go away more often. All I think about is that tight cunt of yours."

"Maybe we could get together at your house, sometime...Or maybe one of my friends might be interested in having us both over some night..." she said seductively. 

To be continued...