 One summer afternoon, I was hanging out at my friend Dave's house. We were watching movies and playing playstation, when his mother called and needed him to come pick her up at work, since her car was in the shop. He said it'd take a few hours to go get her, and then wait for her car to be ready, so I was welcome to stay and wait or I could go home. I figured I would stay and watch some movies, which turned out to be a good idea, when his sister came home from soccer practice. I was in the kitchen having a soda as Dave was gathering up his stuff, and that’s when she came through the door. Erica was a hot little number, freshly 18, about 5'3, with cute brown hair. She had little plump tits that jiggled whenever she moved and a sweet round ass. She was sweaty from the practice in the mid-day sun and plopped down in a chair, exhausted. Dave told her where he was going and that I was staying over until he got back. With this she glanced over at me devilishly. Dave, thankfully, didn't notice her look, and disappeared out the door. Once I heard his car back down the driveway, I offered Erica a soda.

"Want something to drink, Erica? You look pretty hot." I asked, laying it on pretty thick.

"Sure, Brad. Grab me a cold water." she said, again with the wicked smile.

I opened the refrigerator, and grabbed her a bottled water. I crossed the kitchen and put it down next to her. I started to move away, but she pushed out the chair next to her.

"Sit down, and let's talk. We haven't talked in a while, Brad." she said innocently, this time. She was sitting with her legs up in her chair, her blue athletic shorts gave me a perfect view of her smooth legs, and what looked like white panties...

"Sure," I said as I sat down. "How was your practice."

"Terrible," she answered. "All we did was run, and do sprints. My legs are so sore...Would you mind giving me a leg rub...I'm really sore." All this with that little wicked smile. How could I say no?

"Oh, sure." I pretty much stammered.

She lifted her legs onto my lap. They were deeply tanned and toned from playing soccer. I began lightly massaging her legs and as she sipped her water. I continued up and down her legs and was definitely aroused, my cock was pressed my jeans up. She started moving her feet around my lap, somewhat innocently, and she found my hardness. She then started stroking my cock through my pants, with her feet. This was too much and I felt as if I was going to explode, I looked over at her and she was smiling back at me.

"You like this?" she breathed. 

"Um, yes, I do, Erica." I said, my mouth dry. 

At that point, she lifted her legs off and stood up, she then placed herself in my lap. Her little perfect ass planted firmly on my crotch. She turned her head and whispered in my ear, "Take me. Fuck my cunt like I've never been fucked before." she said huskily. I needed no more encouragement. This girl knew what she wanted, and I was going to give it to her. I cupped my hands under that little ass and put her back in the other chair, then I gently pulled off her shorts, which revealed her tight little cotton panties. Her moisture had soaked through the white crotch already, as I was admiring this, she took off her t-shirt and had her sports bra off as well. Her plump tits pointed out from her glistening chest, her pink, puffy nipples were the size of half-dollars. I wanted her then, so I decided to skip her breasts for the moment, inviting as they were, and go straight for her little pussy. I kneeled down in front of her chair, and spread her tanned legs. Her pubic hair was trimmed neatly, and her pink lips puffed out, glistening in her wetness.

"Come on, Brad," she mewed. "Eat my cunt."

With that I spread her puffed lips and lowered my head to nibble gently on them. She squirmed, but I held her ass firmly with my hands, as I plunged my tongue into her depths. As I teased her clit, her squeals and moans got my cock harder than it had ever been. She climaxed, her muscles clenching down and contracting, and her screams more shrill and lustful. She sat there panting, waiting for my cock. I stood up and helped her get on the table. She laid on her stomach at the end of the table, with her legs straight out towards me. Her moisture dripped out and puddled on the table. I bent down and lapped it up, running my tongue quickly and lightly from the bottom of her pussy to her little asshole. She shivered and spread her legs wider.

"Fuck me now. Ram my fucking cunt now." she said, her voice full of lust and need. 

I moved into position behind her ass and guided my manhood straight into that hot little fuckhole. I slowly fed it all into her and when I was in to the hilt, I placed my hands firmly above her ass on either side.

"Ok, slut, you've teased me long enough. You're going to beg for me to fuck your little cunt." I almost couldn't believe I was saying this. I had never talked like this in sex before, this little slut had gotten me so damn horny, all I wanted to do was fuck the piss out of her. 

"Brad, you stud. Fuck me for all you're worth. Make me squeal like a fucking whore. Oh, god I want your cock."

After she moaned that out, I didn't even bother making her beg any more. I moved my dick in and out of her young cunt, slowly at first, then speeding up, and ramming it in. My balls were slapping against the table, but I didn't feel it at all. Sweat was dripping off my face, and dropping on her ass cheeks. She was so sweaty from soccer practice, and now being bent over the table, her stomach was sticking to the table, making a squelch each time I hit her forward. I don't even remember what she was moaning. She screamed over and over, saying the dirtiest things I had ever heard a girl say. Her eighteen-year old cunt clung to my cock as it went deeper and deeper into her fuck tunnel. By this time, we were going at it like animals, this was pure instinct and lust. Her screams and cries got louder and wave after wave of her orgasm went throughout her body. Her back arched and her pussy tightened around my cock, and I came deep inside her, shooting load after load of my hot cum. After her orgasms subsided, I pulled my sticky cock out of her pussy, bringing out our combined fluids all over the table. She breathed heavily, and turned herself over.

"Holy shit, that was the best orgasm I have ever had. My cunt is still on fire." She said, wiping her hair from her wet face. 

She climbed down from the table, with our moisture running down her inner thighs. My cock was still rock hard, and I motioned for her to suck me off. She began by taking my whole cock down her throat and licking me dry. She licked off the mixture of my cum and her juices. Then she took her mouth off of it, got up, and walked away, towards the hall. Naturally, I followed her and found her in the bathroom, turning on the shower.

"We're pretty dirty and sweaty, Brad, I think we need to clean up.” She said, back to the devilish grin.

“Ok, Erica, we still have a long time until your mom and Dave get home, so we can take our time.”

She set the water for warm, but not hot since it was summer, we stepped in together. She immediately went to work, kneeling down and lathering up my penis with soap. She lovingly scrubbed each inch of it, starting at my balls and working up to my head. After she rinsed it all off, she took me in her mouth, sucking up and down, and squeezing my balls. Needless to say, I did not last long, and soon exploded in her mouth. She sucked every bit of cum out of my cock and then stood up.

“You’re clean, now clean my cunt.”

She sat back on the built-in seat in the shower and spread her tan legs. I soaped up her flat stomach and her tits, spending great time rubbing around her sensitive nipples. As I washed the soap off each section of her tight body, I would then clean it with my tongue. Her breasts were to die for. They were plump and very pointy. Her nipples were incredibly sensitive, and she shivered whenever I took them in my mouth. I moved down to her fit stomach and trailed my tongue down to her freshly washed cunt. I dropped my head to her slit, and quickly found her clit again. This time, I lubbed up a finger and pushed it into her tight asshole as I ate her cunt. She ground her crotch into my face, and I quickly felt her ass clench around my finger, and then she gave into a bucking orgasm. Then I gently re-washed her crotch and her ass. 

For the rest of the shower, we washed our other areas and then held each other for a long time. We didn’t say anything, but she held me close and rested her head on my chest. We stood like that for what seemed like hours, but in reality was about half an hour. After an afternoon of fucking the hell out of each other, our sexual adventure ended quietly.

After we had dried off and gotten dressed, it was getting close to the time when Dave and his mother should be home. Erica promised we would fuck every time I came over. We cleaned up the kitchen and then sat and talked as we waited for her mother and brother to return.

To be continued…