 It all started while I was working a security job, I met Ron (named changed to protect true identity) he started to work at the same place almost at the same time. We became friends thru the job environment but I never considered him a best friend.

In time I would notice that his wife Linda (name also changed) would come to drop him off to work, and in the evenings she would pick him up. She would casually look my way, and I was never the wiser of what she was feeling or desiring at this stage.

On day when I was off duty, the phone rang and on the other side was the voice of a female. She said you don't know me, but I am the wife of one of the securities that work with you. I am calling to find out about my husband, I think he might be cheating on me.

I asked her who he was, and why she was calling me to ask such a question that I would probably not answer for her anyway. That is when she started to tell me how she would always look for me when she would drop him off and pick him up."I know your wife is out of town visiting her mother, he told me so, so you are alone, that is why I took the chance to call." She was well informed.

I told her, "Yes that is true, but I never suspected you would be thinking of such a thing." She then said, "I go home all wet thinking about sucking on your cock, you really turn me on. I have been unfaithful to my husband once before, and I had moved to El Paso with this man, but he came to get me and forgave me." 

She said, "I really fantisize about you, I am the type of woman that likes oral sex more than the regular sex, he just does not do it for me, I would rather not do that with him...he turns me off when he wants me to do that to him."

I was completely aroused by this time, and had my cock in my hand. She asked, "What are you doing right now? I answered, "I have it in my hand and am slowly stroking it as we speak." "I am so hot right now..she said, I feel like cumming, my pussy is on fire, I wish you were here to fuck me, but most of all I want to suck all of your cum out of your cock and swallow every last drop."

We continued that way until almost the wee hours of the morning, having phone sex. She was well into her tenth giant orgasm, when she said, "Oh shit here he comes, I have to go."

We continued that way for a while unil she got enough courage to meet me at a motel. It was awkward at first, I was a married man then too, and was not accustomed to straying on my wife, but this kind of excitment I could not pass up on.

We made plans to meet at a certain motel the following day. She was a little apprehensive at first, but I started kissing her and she melted into my arms like she had always belonged. I tenderly laid down with her fully clothed, and she likewise, we let the moment dictate how much clothing would come off as we went along.

She offered her lips willingly to me, she sucked on my tounge and my lips communicating her anticipation of what was to come.

I took off her blouse and her bra and started sucking on her breasts. She never stopped giving a little bit of milk to me each time I sucked on her. Moaning with excitement she opened her legs and put my hand on her pussy for me to rub gently.

I did that for a little while, then I took the rest of her things off. She allowed me to take her panties off, putting my hand on them to show me how wet they were. To my surprise she had a full bush. I almost came looking at it. (A woman with a hairy pussy is a major turn on for me, ever since I was a youngster, when I spied on my elder sister one time. The sink in the bathroom had a hole next to the drain pipe, and behind the wall was a storage room. Dark inside she never was the wiser that she was being looked at. She was clipping her nails at the time, crossing her legs right in front of the sink. Her pussy lips fully covered in hair that was growing halfway down her legs on each side was more than I could bear. She was the major thought from that day on each time I masturbated.)

This woman was the same way, nice and hairy. I played with her pussy feeling her wetness, and she reached for my cock. "I have to taste you,..she said, I am going crazy wanting to suck your cock." 

"Turn around,..I said, let me suck on your pussy at the same time." She did not hesitate, she put her totally wet pussy right on my mouth. I licked her juice which had gone halfway down to her knees off of her, little by little, until I had my mouth sucking and tantalizing her pussy with my tounge, swirling all of her hair in my mouth from time to time, thick black long curls.

By this time, she had my cock in her mouth deep throating me, and moaning with contentment. She kind of reminded me of a baby calf happily sucking on his mothers tits.

She would press her pussy to my mouth orgasm after orgasm. Taking my cock out of her mouth, I said,.."Let me fuck your pussy, I want you to give me your pussy like you have never given it up before." She had came a lot of times her womanly smell was now combined with a musky scent all women give off when they have been cumming hard.

"Let me suck you off, she said..I want to taste my pussy all over your hard cock, I want to lick my pussy juice all off of your cock, and then you can empty out in my mouth, I will swallow every drop of your cum." She went at it with a relish I had never experienced before, she would cum time after time just sucking.

We spent the better part of the day fucking and sucking. We went out to lunch and came back for one last go round.

From that day on she made sure her husband would invite me to their house on a regular basis. She would time me when it was time for me to go to the restroom after drinking beer, and would leave two or three of her longest pussy hairs on top of the toilet where I would find them.

On several occasions I spent the night at their house in the den. She would come to me in the wee hours of the night and kiss me, and to suck my cock for a couple of seconds, and then hurry back to her bed where Ron laid sound asleep.

I think the most erotic moment I had with her was when we went out one time. Ron was driving and she had elected to go in the back seat. When we arrived at the bar where we were going, I opened the door before Ron could circle the car, as she got off she gave me a pussy shot, opening her legs wide open for me to see that she had no underwear.

While in the same bar, she was sitting at the head of the table, her husband Ron was directly across from me. There was a long table cloth covering the table. She was pretending to be cold due to the airconditioning, and in the semi-darkness of the place, I felt her hand on my thigh and then she started caressing my cock over my pants.

He was never the wiser as to what his wife was doing to me. Several times she got up to go dry herself, and when he would go for a beer or to the restroom she would tell me,.."I'm so hot and wet, I wish you could fuck me right here on top of this table, I want you to cum all over me, then I want you to bring as much cum as you can collect back to my mouth, it is a turn on for me to have cum all over me. I want to suck you dry."

I could feel her squeezing her legs together and making herself cum. This is a true story of an affair that lasted eighteen whole years. They finally moved to another state, but she has never forgotten me. She calls from time to time to tell me she had a dream of me, or how horny she is playing with her cunt and thinking of me.

To this day, I have not had another woman like her, that enjoys sucking my cock with the joy that she showed. She will always be special to me, I will always love and think about her.