 After an afternoon and early evening of listening to Sharon's erotic stories and being aroused to act them out, we were hungry. The cabin was dark except for the candles she had lit while she was reading. It was also getting a little chilly. Through the window, I could see a full moon just above the trees. Remembering Sharon had hotplates to cook on, I asked, "So, what can you whip up for us on your hot plates?" I asked. "I don't know about you but I worked up an appetite." 

"Well, it just so happens, I'm a great soup maker and have a pot of delicious black bean soup with grated cheddar cheese to sprinkle on it," she said, "I hope you like it spicy," she added. 

"Sounds perfect," I said. 

"How about making a fire in the wood stove," she asked. "It's going to be a chilly October night with that full moon." Sharon got up, wiggled into her tight jeans, grabbed the sweater she was wearing earlier and slipped that over her head. "I'll put the soup on and then I have to go feed my horse, Gypsy"

I got dressed, went to her woodbin on the porch to get some wood and started making a fire. Within fifteen minutes, I had a nice fire going and the smell of the soup filled the room. The stove had a glass front and the flames made a nice glow. By the time Sharon came back in from feeding Gypsy, it was feeling cozy in the cabin. I stood by the window looking up at the full moon wondering if I would leave in the morning or stay on for awhile.

Two days ago I was standing at the window in my cabin, watching the leaves fall, realizing my life was like those leaves falling to the earth to dry up and wither away, I was in a rut and impulsively made the decision to take off. Now here I was in the cabin of a beautiful, sexy, intelligent writer living our sexual fantasies, wondering if I should leave or stay and see where this relationship led. 

"Soups on" Sharon said carrying two bowls to the table. She placed them on the table then got the grated cheese and two spoons. When we sat down, she touched my hand. "You seem deep in thought," she asked. 

I took a sip of soup and said, "Hey, this is great soup. Perfect for a chilly night," I added. 

"So, what are you thinking?" she asked. 

I looked at her pretty face glowing in the candle light as she took a sip of her soup. I took a deep breath before I spoke, uncertain of what to say. "I told you how I just took off the other day not sure where I was going. I abandoned my work, my garden. This trip has opened me up to things I hadn't realized I was missing. I'm not sure I want to go home to responsibilities or just keep on going. I have a contract with my publisher to write two novels a year. I have deadlines. I'm on the school board for our town and some other commitments."

"You're tired of being responsible and conscientious, aren't you?" she said,

"Right, I want to feel alive and free. These last two days have been new and exciting. Meeting you, hearing your stories, acting out sexual fantasies is making me wonder how I can ever go back to how I've been living all these years. It seems so sterile."

"What do you want to do?" Sharon asked. "Are you going to keep traveling forever? Do you want to stay here and fuck everyday? Or go home?" 

"Do you want me to stay here?" I asked. "You have your life and responsibilities?"

"Good question," she responded. "I don't know. We just met. We hardly know each other." 

"That's right. The fact is we're both on journeys and our paths just happened to cross. I'm enjoying hearing your stories and getting to know you. Maybe if I stayed we could be good for each other. Maybe we would drive each other crazy. If I left, you'd be a great memory and I'd end up back at my cabin the richer for all that I experienced. Is there a good answer?" 

Both of us were silent, finishing up our soup. I knew she was thinking about what I had said, wondering what it would be like if I stayed. What it would be like if I left. Finally, she said, "Sometimes I think the problem with us writers is we think too much. We're always working out a plot, analyzing everything, imagining this scenario or that. We're too detached, too serious."

"That's true," I said.

Sharon took my bowl and hers to the sink. While she walked away, I loved how her ass looked in her tight jeans and thought "Damn, she's sexy. Here we are having this philosophical intellectual discussion about life, but I'm physically aroused looking at her. " 

When she came back to the table, she continued. "And the problem with being too serious, too much in our heads, is that we don't live in the present--the now!" 

"It's a dilemma because the present becomes the future. What we do in the now can affect what happens."

"Yes, if we always think about the future, we miss the present. You're here with me now and we're sharing this soup, this candlelight, that wonderful full moon and each other." She paused, "You know that old song, "We just have tonight. Tomorrow may never come."

"For all we know...." I added the final words. I couldn't believe that Sharon referred to the same song that Anna did last night. "That's amazing that you should mention the words from that song. I was with someone yesterday who said those exact words." I wondered if I had made a mistake saying I was with some one who said those words. 

I noticed Sharon look away, deep in thought. She was quiet, looking into the flame of the candle. She then looked at me, took a breath and asked, "Did you have a one night stand?"

"Yes, I guess I did." I said, wondering what was going through her mind. 

"So you're on a roll." She said. 

"I guess. But I wasn't looking for anything. It just happened. This is new for me." 

"So, is this a one night stand?" Sharon asked. 

"I'm not sure," I said. "You're the one who said we writers think too much. We should live in the present, the now, and I'm trying to do that."

"Do you want this to be a one night stand?" Sharon asked. 

"Do you?" I asked. 

"Are you asking do I want to have a relationship rather than be two strangers passing in the night?" She paused. "My answer is—I don't know. This is new for me, too. Since my daughter left, I've lived in this cabin for the last few years alone. I like it, but at the same time, I'm not sure I want to live the rest of my life like this. You know, alone. I just don't want to go out looking for Mr. Right. I just thought he would show up or we would meet by accident." 

"I understand," I said. "So you're wondering if I'm Mr. Right."

"Yes. That's why when you said you had a one night stand. I got a pang of fear. I guess. I would like more time to see if we should hang out together for awhile and wonder what you're thinking." 

"I'm wondering the same thing," I said. "I think it's important to try to live without expectations. That way, I'm never disappointed and many times I'm surprised and delighted by the unexpected. "

"That's a good philosophy," Sharon said. "But it's hard not to have expectations."

"It's important though. "I went on this journey and have had nothing but surprises because I had no plan, no expectations. I don't even know where I am or how far from home I am. I have no destination, but now I'm here with you and don't know whether I should stay or head out tomorrow."

"Let's stop thinking," Sharon said. "Let's just go hour by hour."

"That's a deal." I said. "Let's shake hands to that."

I got up and put another log in the stove. Sharon smiled at me when I cam back at the table. We both took a deep breath, looking at each other without speaking.

"I could go for another story, if you don't mind reading to me," I said.

"Really, I'm flattered you'd want to hear another story or do you just want to get turned on."

"Both," I laughed. 

"I have a story that I think you'd like because it's about responsibility and wanting to be free. "It's called, "Good Girl, Bad Boy." 

"Sounds interesting," I said. " Sharon picked up her folder on the table and thumbed through the pile of stories and pulled out the one she was going to read. She looked over at me and said, "Here goes." Before she read, she smiled. "I think you'll like this one." 

Jessica Caldwell spent most of her time in the Biology Lab. She was twenty-two and finishing up her PhD work in Genetics. She was the youngest student to get a doctorate from the university. She graduated high school at sixteen, had a full scholarship at Smith. She finished in three years with honors and had a full scholarship for graduate school. She rarely dated and put all of her energy and time into her studies. 

One night while she was working, a young man came into the lab with a bucket and mop. He gathered the trash from several trash basket andthen started mopping on the other side of the lab. He wore a tee-shirt with the sleeves cut off. Jessica looked up him, noticed his muscular arms, then went back to her microscope. Every few minutes, she looked up from her microscope and over at the man mopping. She looked at his ass in his tight jeans and was having difficulty concentrating on her work. Something about his body was attracting him to him. She noticed an earring dangling from one ear. He had long hair, down to his shoulders, but she couldn't keep her eyes away from his ass in his tight jeans and muscular arms. He looked up and smiled at her. She smiled at him nervously then went back to her microscope, wondering what it was about him that attracted her. 

As he worked his way closer to where she was working, Jessica kept looking up at him and caught him looking at her. He smiled each time their glances met as if he sensed an attraction. Jessica prepared some new slides for the microscope, wrote down some notes and tried not to look at him, feeling nervous at the way he smiled at her. Quickly, she glanced at him then went back to the microscope. 

One time when she looked over at him, he put the mop down alongside of the bucket and walked over to her. He stood close to her, his thigh touching her thigh and said, "I seem to be distracting you."

Jessica felt the warmth of his body as she turned and faced him. He looked her in the eyes and smiled. She was not used to a man standing so close to her, his leg pressed against her thigh and looking at her with such intensity. She never dated and the only men she talked to were her professors and other students. Jessica did not know what to say. She had one hand on the microscope as she looked into his eyes. 

"I'm Vincent," he said. "What's your name?" he asked, leaning against the lab table. Jessica looked at his arms and how tight the tee shirt was on his chest. 

"I'm Jessica," she answered. She wanted to tell him to move away but didn't. 

"We keep looking at each other," he said. 

"Yes." Jessica said. "I was watching you work. I'm not used to someone in the lab late at night."

"I liked the way we looked at each other. I'm feeling attracted to you," he said. "And I think you feel attracted to me."

"I don't know," Jessica said, nervously. . "I've got work to do. I have to get this experiment done before midnight." 

"But I'm distracting you, aren't I?" Vincent said, putting his hand on hers.

Jessica started to pull her hand away, but Vincent gripped it tighter, keeping it in place. He moved his face closer to hers and smiled. "We're getting turned on," he said.

"What do you mean?" she asked, looking him in the eyes. "I don't know what you're talking about," she said. "Now if you'll let go of my hand, I have to get back to work."

"You don't really want to work," he said. "You want to fool around with me."

"What do you mean fool around with you?" Jessica responded.

"Fuck! That's what I mean," he said

Jessica was stunned and tried to pull her hand away from Vincent's. "Let go of my hand," she said, but he gripped it tighter. Vincent took Jessica's hand and moved it to the bulge in his tight jeans. He rubbed her hand up and down his hard cock. Jessica had never felt a cock before and looked down at her hand moving along the long hard bulge. Suddenly, she was breathing heavily. "You like the way that feels, don't you?"

With his other hand, Vincent reached inside Jessica's white lab coat and found her breasts. He started squeezing one of her tits. Jessica took her other hand and tried to push his hand away. "Stop that," she said, but suddenly felt a tingling sensation she had never felt before and held his hand on her tit and gasped, "Oh."

"You like that , don't you?" he said, rubbing her tit with one hand and moving her other hand up and down on his cock. "Your cunt is getting wet and your getting horny, aren't you?" Jessica was panting. She closed her eyes and bit her lower lip. 

No one had ever talked to Jessica like that. She wanted him to stop but found herself enjoying the feel of his cock on her hand and the way he was playing with her tits. She felt herself getting wet between her legs. Vincent moved his lips to Jessica's ear and started licking it, first around the edges and then inserted, tickling her and causing a tingle to go through her body. Jessica was sitting on her lab stool. She was wearing a skirt. Vincent took his hand from the one holding his cock and placed it on her thigh and then pushed her legs apart. He moved his hand up her leg until it reached her crotch and placed his hand on her mound then whispered in her ear, "You like how that feels, don't you?"

Jessica was feeling sensations she had never felt before. She could not believe she was letting a stranger touch her like this or talk to her so boldly. She knew she should stop him, scream, do something but Vincent was arousing something in her that she had thought about but had never experienced. She had never been with anyone like him. He was from another world, the street, bars, motorcycles, while she lived in the ivory tower of science and now he was invading her safe world with his hands and his dirty words.

Vincent moved his fingers inside her panties and played with the wet lips of her pussy. He moved up and down her slit causing Jessica to lift her self towards his probing hand. "You're a hot little slut," he said. "You want me to fuck you," he said. 

"Oh God," Jessica moaned, as Vincent's fingers entered her cunt. She knew she should stop this. How could she let a stranger do this to her, talk to her like that? She wanted to push his hand away but the sensation of his fingers in her was making her want more. 

"You think you're a good girl but you like being bad and dirty with me, don't you? he whispered in her ear. He put another finger in her cunt and found her clit causing her to shudder and gasp, "Ohhhhh."

"You want to tell me to stop, but you like this too much. You want it bad, don't you?" He moved his fingers in and out, fucking her with his hand. 

Jessica lifted herself off the stool slight wanting his fingers in deeper. She pushed upward against his probing fingers. She had never experienced sensations like this. She opened her eyes and looked at Vincent who was looking back at her with a devilish smile on his face. 

"Your brain is telling you this is wrong, but your body likes what I'm doing," Vincent said. "Tell me to stop, and I will or... tell me you want more."

Jessica kept her eyes on Vincent's face. His smile, the intensity of his eyes, the probing of his fingers going in and out of her made it impossible for her to speak. He then pulled his fingers out, grabbed her panties and pulled them down her legs. "I'll stop if you want me to," he said. "You can go back to your microscope and I'll go back to my mopping," he said. 

This was her chance to stop Vincent. Her skirt was high on her thighs. Her legs were extended as he pulled her panties down over her ankles. She could kick him away and run out of the lab. She could stop him. He was giving her the chance to give in to her desires or go back to her responsibilities and experiment." What am I doing?" she thought to herself, unable to stop Vincent.

Once her panties were off, Vincent unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. He wasn't wearing underwear and his bulging cock was now released and stood straight out. Jessica had never seen an erection before and could not take her eyes off Vincent's huge cock. Vincent then spread her legs apart and moved between them bringing the tip of his cock to the entrance of her cunt. Jessica's mouth was wide open, wanting to shout for him to stop, to go away, but the sight of his cock between her open legs made her speechless. She was experiencing feelings she had never had before. Her cunt was wet. He rubbed his cock gently against her entrance, spreading her legs wide open moving his cock up and down. Jessica looked down at what he was doing. The sight of his cock at the entrance of her cunt, her legs wide open, the tingling sensation was tantalizing her. He was playing with her, teasing her, inching his cock a little deeper with each swipe of her pussy lips. He leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "You like this, don't you? You want it in you?"

Jessica's eyes were closed, biting her lips and concentrating on the sensation she was feeling. She knew she should tell him to stop, to go back to work, but now she only wanted more of what he was doing to her. She was panting, moaning, his words and hot breath on her ears, his cock going deeper into her was driving her crazy. 

"You're a virgin and you want me to fuck you, don't you?" he whispered, then licked her ear with his tongue. 

Jessica couldn't speak, but was lifting herself off the stool, wanting more of what she was feeling, wanting more of his cock in her.

"You want it bad, don't you?" Vincent whispered. "Beg me to fuck you," he said. 

Jessica was desperate for more of his cock. She was lifting herself forward, but she had never used these words. Vincent was teasing her, taking her into another world. 

"Such a good little girl wanting to be bad." he said, grabbing her ass. "Come on Miss good little girl" he said, roughly pulling her forward by the ass, his cock going deeper in her. 

Suddenly, he thrust his cock into her causing Jessica to scream, "Oh my god." She felt the sharp pain as his cock broke through her hymen and then the pain receded and the pleasure of his cock took over causing her to moan and hold back a scream but it burst out, "Ohhhhh god!" 

Just then, Vincent pulled his cock out of her and Jessica gasped, "No!"

"No, what?" Vincent asked, looking at her with a devilish smile. 

"Don't stop," she said. 

"Don't stop what," he said, "What do you want?" he asked, holding his cock at her entrance. "Tell me what I should stop doing," he said, teasing her with his cock, moving it up and down her pussy lips..

Jessica's mouth was open but she couldn't speak. She was breathing heavily. She looked down at the cock against her wet cunt, watching his cock tease her, when suddenly, she reached out and grabbed Vincent's ass with both hands and pulled him into her.

"Fuck me!" she screamed. "Fuck me, you bastard!" She had never said words like that before. 'FUCK ME!" she yelled. 

"That's what I wanted to hear," Vincent said, grabbing her by the ass, picking her up off the stool,lowering her to the floor and ramming his cock into her.

Jessica screamed, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." 

Suddenly, Sharon stopped reading and looked over at me sitting across from her. I was leaning back in the chair, sitting with my legs extended. I was aroused by her story and had an erection bulging in my jeans. 

"Are you going to stop there?" I asked.

"Yes," Sharon said, putting the story down on the table. She was looking at the bulge in my jeans. She then looked me in the eyes and said, "I want to be bad!" 

"You do," I said. 

"Yes. I'm like Jessica and until we met, I never let myself go, except in my stories. I was always the good girl who did what I was supposed to, except one time when I met this guy and had an affair, got pregnant and he took off." 
