 I teach a summer prep class for students who are out of high-school, but need some work before going to college. It's a pretty boring job filled with students who really don't want to be there -- most of them are over-privileged little brats forced to attend in order to keep their allowances that are probably more than I make in a year. But, it's a job and some of the non-standard privileges are pretty nice. 

Just imagine a class of preening eighteen-year olds in the summer heat forced to be back in school instead of at the beach with all of their friends. All of that smooth, young, flesh on display makes my cock twitch just thinking of it. 

But, this is about a class I taught a few summers ago. It was the perfect summer when all of my nastiest dreams came true.

This particular class was full of the usual suspects: the clearly too stupid for school jocks, the princesses who only wanted to marry rich, and the old money who thought they were just too good for anything. But, there was one girl who caught my eye. She was always the first one in to class, and the first one to leave. She never spoke up or raised her hand, and it was like she was trying very hard not to be noticed.

Her name was Kylie and she sat in the front row of the theatre-style classroom that I taught in. My desk was at the front of the room, angled just right to be able to see under some of the desks in the room. Kylie sat in one of these spots, but she was modest and always kept her legs closed, unlike some of the other girls in her class who gave me an eyeful almost daily. 

She was an attractive girl, but not a stunner. She had big blue eyes with long fan-like lashes, long blonde hair that she usually wore up in a ponytail, plump pink lips, perky tits that I imagined were just a handful, and full hips with a round ass. She was very feminine, and beautiful, but she just didn't seem to have that something extra that takes a girl from pretty to gorgeous. All the same, I had been watching her from day one because something about her just intrigued me.

In class one day during a pretty brutal heat-wave, I decided to just play some movies because we were all struggling just to get through the days because of the heat. I dimmed the lights, put on the movie, and took a seat at my desk to do some marking. I would look up every once and a while just to make sure that everyone was still paying attention, or at least not disturbing the rest of the class. 

During on of these upward glances I noticed it -- Kylie was slouched in her seat with her eyes closed and her legs spread open. In the dim light I could just see between her legs, and what I saw there made me nearly groan out loud. She was rubbing a rather large bulge in her thin white panties -- panties on which I could just make out a wet spot. I licked my lips and quickly looked around to see if anyone had noticed my staring. Half the class was asleep and the others might as well have been.

I pulled my chair closer to my desk (thankful that the front of it was closed, hiding my hard-on from anyone's sight) and shuffled my papers around a bit, pretending to work. I knew that I wasn't going to get any more work done now, though.

I looked back over to Kylie just as she was pulling her panties over to one side, letting her erect cock flop out. I reached down to my own erection, struggling against my pants, and shifted it to make myself more comfortable. This was the most incredible thing I had ever seen -- Kylie's hard cock sticking out above the most perfect pair of bare, wet pussy lips. Under her desk Kylie was slowly stroking her cock, occasionally moving lower to finger her wet pussy a little. 

I couldn't handle it. It was my dream come true -- a real futanari, dickgirl, whatever you want to call her right in front of me in what was my own private show. I reached under my own desk to release my raging cock. It was throbbing, a thicker, harder erection than I'd ever had before and I wished that it didn't have to be in class that I got it. But there was nothing I could do, I knew I needed to jack off or I would never be able to get out from behind my desk to eventually change the movie. 

I started to stroke my cock in time with Kylie stroking hers. She was starting to stroke faster now, and her face was all over with ecstasy. I grabbed a couple of tissues and pretended to wipe my nose before placing them on my one leg because I knew I'd need them soon. I tugged my thick cock as I watched Kylie and it was just too hot. I knew that even if she didn't, I was going to cum soon.

I held on as long as I could and I got my reward. Just as I thought I couldn't take any more, I saw Kylie twitch and a thick stream of cum shot out of her cock, hit the bottom of her desk, and started to drip and puddle on the floor between her feet. I bit my lip and grabbed the tissues I'd stashed, sending my own hot cum into them. I quickly shoved my cock back into my pants, shuffled my papers some more, and looked back up to see Kylie tenderly stuffing her own cock back into her panties.

For the rest of the day I couldn't stop thinking about Kylie. Never in my life did I think that I would ever see a real futanari and it turned me on so much. I had so many questions and I wanted to sate my curiosity with her beautiful body. Did her pussy cum when her cock did? Did she like girl, guys, or both? Did she like to give or receive?

I decided that I had to know, so before the day was over I composed a note telling her that I needed to meet with her after class the next day to discuss a recent test. I knew she would come, because she was actually a decent student who cared about grades, but I also hoped that she would cum in a much better way.

The end of class the next day couldn't come soon enough. I fidgeted in my seat all day and did my best to not look at Kylie for fear that I would get an unwanted hard-on. But, the end of the day eventually came and the rest of the class filtered out leaving just Kylie and me.

I walked over to the door, closed and locked it, and brought a chair over to one side of my desk. I sat down and asked Kylie to have a seat.

Kylie had a seat, careful to keep her legs closed, and her plaid skirt pulled down nearly to her knees. Her white knee socks and little black shoes were adorable, and her black t-shirt stretched nicely over her tits. "Mr. Spring, what was wrong with my test?" She asked, looking a bit worried.

"Nothing was wrong with your test Kylie," I shifted in my seat as I looked at her body, "I wanted to talk to you about yesterday."

"Yesterday, Mr. Spring?" 

"I saw you Kylie." I put it bluntly and her face paled.

"M-mr. Spring please I'm so sorry, don't tell my parents, don't get me in trouble, I didn't mean to, please." She stammered, trying desperately to say something that would explain why she was jerking off in class.

"Don't worry Kylie, I don't want to get you into trouble, but I think you understand that I have to do something. We can't have you doing that in class again, right?"

"Y-yes Mr. Spring, but please, I don't want anyone to know about ... about me." She blushed and bowed her head, clearly embarrassed.

"Oh Kylie, don't be embarrassed, I think you're very beautiful. Perfect, in fact." I rolled my chair up to her, grabbed her chin and made her look me in the eyes.

"Y-you really think so, Mr. Spring?" Her eyes were starting to well up with tears, and in response I pulled her face closer to mine, leaned in and kissed her. I moved my hand around to the back of her neck and deepened the kiss, letting her warm up a bit before I started to explore her mouth with my tongue. She was tentative, but responded, and soon we were sharing a passionate kiss.

I broke off the kiss and Kylie was smiling so I went further. I grabbed her hand and placed it in my lap, right on top of my growing cock. "I really think so, Kylie." I said as I leaned in again for another kiss.

I moaned a little as she started to squeeze and rub my cock through my pants, and I reached out to start to fondle her tits through her shirt. Both her hand and the feeling of her soft, perky breasts were driving me wild and I reached down to undo my pants, letting my stiff cock out. Without pause, Kylie grabbed my cock in both her hands and started to stroke it up and down as I pulled her shirt up and her bra down to get a look at her sweet tits.

"Ohh Kylie." I groaned as I saw her perfectly shaped tits with hard pink nipples poking straight out. I pushed my chair forward a bit more so that she was essentially sitting on her own chair between my spread legs and leaned in to lick and suck her stiff nipples while she stroked my thick cock. 

Kylie let out a soft sigh as I sucked a pink nipple into my mouth and gently bit down on it. "Kylie, I want to see it." I said.

"A-are you sure Mr. Spring?" She was still unsure about this whole thing, and I was starting to wonder if maybe she was a virgin.

"I'm sure Kylie." I said looking her straight in the eye and pushing my chair back to give her room to stand up. Even before she stood I could see her hard cock making a tent in her skirt and I couldn't help but let out a groan. 

When she stood in front of me and shyly lifted up her skirt to reveal her stiff pink cock struggling to escape her small panties I nearly came. "Ohhh Kylie." I moaned, grabbed her ass and pulled her closer to me so her crotch was right in my face. I quickly stripped off her panties, releasing her cock and spreading her legs a bit so I had access to her pussy. 

I dove right in -- stroking her cock with one hand, pulling her ass toward me with the other, and my tongue probing her sweet hairless pussy. I licked all up and down her slit while my hand steadily beat off her large, hard cock. "Mr. Spring!" She moaned, clearly enjoying the attention. "Ohh that feels good."

I switched tactics, wanting to explore all of her. I started to rub up and down her slit with two fingers, slowly pressing them into her tight pussy while I started to lick the length of her cock. With my fingers in her pussy and her cock in my mouth I really went to work. I worked my fingers in and out, rubbing the walls of her tight hole, while I sucked hard on her sweet-tasting cock, moving my head back and forth.

"Oh, Ohhh Mr. Spring. P-please, please do it faster." She wailed, breathlessly, her knees starting to shake. I obliged, pistoning my finger in and out of her dripping pussy while I sucked hard and fast on her cock, the taste of her pre-cum filling my mouth. "Oh god Mr. Spring, yesss! I-I'm going to cum! Let me do it, oh god let me do it!" She shouted as she forcefully pulled her cock from my lips, grabbing it with both her hands and tugging hard on it, pointing it straight up. I kept working my fingers in her tight snatch as she lost herself in her orgasm.

"Ohhh Mr. Spring" She groaned. I felt her pussy clamp down on my fingers and watched as she spurted cum all over her own tits. I kept sliding my fingers in and out of her as the last of her cum dripped out of her cock; her tits were covered in sticky girl jizz. Kylie's cheeks were bright red and she was breathing heavy as I leaned in to lick her cock and tits clean. She whimpered a little as I licked the head of her cock, still sensitive from cumming so much. After I had cleaned her up, my own cock was about ready to explode. It was huge, red, and throbbing with desire for her. I didn't even have to say a thing before Kylie was on her knees sucking me off. I leaned back in my desk chair and enjoyed the beautiful sight of her little blonde head bobbing up and down on my stiffy. 

"Mmm Kylie, you're fantastic!" I moaned as she expertly sucked my cock and lightly played with my balls. I grabbed her ponytail and started to force her to take it deeper and harder, thrusting up into her throat. "Ohh yeah, that's it sweetie. Suck teacher's cock." I heard her let out a moan and looked down to see that her cock was sticking straight up, making a damp spot on the front of her skirt. 

"Oh fuck I'm gonna cum!" I shouted, desperately thrusting my cock in and out of Kylie's hot mouth. I held her ponytail as my cock throbbed and let out a huge load into her throat. I saw her struggle to swallow it all and I let out a long moan as stream after stream of cum shot out of my cock. "Mmm yes Kylie, that's a good girl." I sighed as I popped my spent cock out of her mouth. 

"W-was that okay Mr. Spring?" Kylie said, obviously still seeking approval. 

"It was great Kylie, now I want you to bend over the desk, alright?" She nodded and bent herself over my desk as I rolled my chair up behind her. Her tits were pressed up against the wood and her cock was sticking out under the desk as I started to lick her pussy and asshole from behind. She moaned and her cock twitched, making a wet slapping sound against the underside of the desk. 

It didn't take long for my own cock to stiffen back to life and I pushed the chair away to position myself standing behind Kylie. "Are you ready Kylie?" I whispered in her ear as I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her dripping slit. 

"Yes Mr. Spring, just please be gentle, I haven't done this very much." Kylie blushed.

"Don't worry sweetie, teacher will take good care of you." I cooed and bit her ear as I started to press myself into her tight pussy.

I moaned and grabbed her ass, spreading her cheeks and slowly thrusting my thick shaft into her wet hole. Kylie groaned, in a bit of pain, but she was wet enough to take it. I pressed harder and with a final thrust the whole length of my shaft was inside her. 

I rested there for a minute, letting her get used to the feeling as I reached down to give her girl cock a few strokes. Kylie moaned and her pussy tightened around me -- it felt incredible. I gripped her cock as I started to slowly move my cock in and out of her pussy.

"Ohh Kylie, this is amazing! You're pussy is so tight and your cock is so big and hard."

"Mr. Spring this feels so good! P-please fuck me harder!" She pleaded, and I obliged. I started to thrust in and out of her wet snatch, reaching forward to fondle her tits and pinch her nipples. As I fucked her, her cock was slapping the desk in the rhythm with my thrusts.

"Mmm Kylie I want you to stroke yourself." I said, and she reached down to start to rub her hard cock. "That's it sweetie, stroke your hard cock for me you bad little girl." I grabbed her round ass as I started to thrust harder and faster in and out of her tight, wet pussy. I was driving myself into a frenzy and her moans of pleasure were spurring me on.

"Oooh fuck! You're such a bad girl, jerking yourself off in class, cumming all over the floor. Ooh only bad girl have such fat, hard cocks hiding under their skirts. Only bad girls turn their teachers on so much!"

"Yes Mr. Spring! Ooh I'm a bad little girl, please punish me!" Kylie moaned, as she started to stroke herself faster. I dug my fingers into the flesh of her ass cheeks and fucked her hard.

"Ooohh Kylie, here it comes!" I groaned as I started to pump my hot cum into her pussy. Kylie practically shrieked as the feeling of my spurting cock inside her sent her into a huge orgasm. Her pussy milked my cock and her own started shooting her load under my desk. 

I eventually pulled my shrinking cock from her pussy and cleaned up with some tissues before pulling my pants back up and letting Kylie find her panties and adjust her shirt. I gave Kylie a kiss on the lips, pulling her in close to me and savouring her taste. I could feel her soft tits and her softening cock pressing into me. 

"That was incredible Mr. Spring." Kylie sighed.

"I thought so too Kylie." I said, still holding her close. "So, you won't be masturbating in class anymore I hope?" I said, giving her a little wink.

She giggled and said, "Only after class Mr. Spring."

"Good girl, Kylie. Now, go on home and I'll see you tomorrow morning."

Like I said, it was the perfect summer when all of my nastiest dreams came true -- thanks to a beautiful futanari named Kylie.