 Welcome to my 3-part series, this is revolved around my relationship with a friend of mine called Natasha. She and I were (and still are) in a sexual relationship with each other at university. The character of Amy/Amyla in my other published series are based off of her! I will also be referring to myself as XXX in this short series. Before I begin with how this relationship began, I will note that while 99% of this is true, I will be writing it as if it was one of my other writings. Hope you enjoy and always open to questions ;)

It started in June 2018. I was at University living in an accommodation building. On that evening I was in the library, finishing some class work which I was not even close to completing. I had been in there for a few hours, fuelled by a can of Dr. Pepper to give me extra energy. I had my phone beside my laptop, charging in the plug socket close by the table which I was sitting alone on. While the sun began to sink below the horizon and the darkness began to envelop the campus, I received a buzz on my phone. Curious I looked over at the screen to see a WhatsApp message from Natasha. A friend of mine whom I met in 2017. 

I remember when I met her very well. In 2017 I was starting University and attended a fresher's party with someone whom I had met roughly a week beforehand. Craig was pretty cool but wasn't very kind at times, he would tell people how it was not really caring for other people's feelings. We went to this party and had told me his girlfriend Natasha was going to be there. I thought that he probably had a girlfriend due to his looks and confidence, but I never thought he would be able to date a girl like Natasha. When I saw her, I quickly thought she was one of the most attractive women I had ever seen!

She was short, roughly 5'3 with shoulder length blonde hair and very pretty face. Her body was even better: curvy with thick thighs and nice ass, tits which would make anyone divert attention from her bright blue eyes. We greeted like normal people and got along well, she was kind and funny, confident and sassy, while I knew she was taken I couldn't help but feel sexually attracted to her, much like most guys she had probably met in her life. I recall feeling jealous of Craig for being able to date someone so hot. As time went on, we continued to come across each other on campus and whenever she hung out with Craig. Eventually this led to us exchanging numbers and talking pretty regularly. We became pretty close and would hang out with groups of friends we both knew, I very quickly got used to being just friends, thinking at the time that she was not into me in the slightest other than in a friendly way. 

Which brings me to this text which she had sent that evening. I knew that one of her friends was going out to celebrate his birthday so I thought it odd that I would receive a text from her at that time of evening, assuming that she was busy partying and having a good time forgetting about studies which I was torturing myself through. The message read: 

"You free? x" Admittedly curious I texted back quickly saying I was in the library and was working on a paper. She replied asking to meet me somewhere and fast. Replying back quickly I said I will met her at my accommodation building to chat. I felt tired from working for so long and wanted to go home, seeing what my friend wanted was the kick up the backside I needed to leave and take time to relax. Packing up my laptop, papers and phone I left the library to go home, expecting to see Natasha waiting outside. 

After 5-10 minutes of walking from the library to my building I did not see any sign of Natasha anywhere. I looked around once I reached the main entrance and waited outside. After a few moments I decided to call her to make sure she still wanted to meet. 

"I'll be there in a sec just wait there." She said in a hurried and firm voice, I knew then she was pissed off about something, she would sound like that all the time when she was mad at someone or something for so long. A few moments of waiting in the nice breeze, watching people go about their daily business whether it was getting home from work or groups of students my age fucking about having fun that evening. I jumped out of my almost trance when I heard voice.

"Hey." The voice said from beside me. Looking around to follow the voice I saw Natasha beside me. My first thoughts where how good she looked. She applied just the right amount of makeup to make her look even hotter, lips coated with a bright red lipstick and eyes shaded black, among other types of makeup which I had no idea what to call. She fitted her curvatious body into a black dress which would sparkle in light, the dress itself was low cut to show her cleavage and rode up to her lower thighs, she was taller from the heels which she was wearing but was still a number of inches shorter than me, finally a small black purse hung over her bare shoulder. It was clear to anyone who saw her in that state that she was upset about something, she looked mad and had tears in her eyes. I answered back asking what was wrong, and that I thought that she was going to hang out with Craig and her friends that night. She answered saying she and Craig got into a massive argument. 

"What did you guys argue about?" I asked trying to see what I could do to help her. She would usually come to me when she had issues with her boyfriend, she had told me before that I was the only man who she spoke to about her relationships and some of her closest girlfriends were also members of this elite group of wannabe therapists. 

"Can we go inside? I don't want to talk about it out here." She answered crossing her arms and looking toward the entrance to the building. I nodded for her to follow as I entered the building, signing in the visitor sheet to let the staff know I had a guest. As we walked to my room, going up a few steps then into the elevator she spoke to me more.

"I didn't interrupt anything did I?" 

"No, I was just finishing up work."

"Where you or did I stop you from working?"

"I was done for the night when you texted." I lied to her, she would have felt bad if she pulled me away from my work, even though I wanted out of the stuffy library. Eventually accepted that it was no problem that I was helping her, going quiet again until we reached my floor and went into the public kitchen. Once we entered the room there was no one in there, unclean plates and messy counters as usual from my floor mates. I huffed angrily and began to clean up while she sat on a chair beside the large round table.

"So, what happened?" I asked while I tidied the kitchen. I looked over to see her sitting with one leg crossed over the other showing her nice legs in my direction. She explained to me what had happened. It was earlier that day when she met up with the group, they had their day planned to hang out around campus for pre-drinks before going to a night club. She told me she noticed Craig did not say hi or greet her in any way, just kept talking to his friends. When she heard what they were talking about she had to pull him away from everyone to voice her thoughts to him. According to her she heard them talk about a friend he knew saying how he would fuck her and other nasty things he would do to her (I don't know how true this is). After that he shouted at her and she shouted back insults to each other before she left him and the group in anger. 

In response to this story I turned around on the kitchen counter and looked at her, concerned about how she was feeling at the time. She did not take her eyes off of me when we spoke, she looked up at me with her pretty blue eyes, lips rose red and pouting sexily as she listened to my take on the situation.

"Well if he is talking about being unfaithful and how he wants other women when you're right there I don't think he's getting his priorities straight." I told her, she huffed and adjusted some jewellery she had on, seemingly trying to take her mind off of the situation. 

"I dunno XXX, like am I not good enough in his opinion? I mean I got dressed up and spent hours getting myself ready for tonight and now you're the only one who gets to see me like this." She gave a light chuckle and bit her lip lightly when she finished the sentence. I replied to her saying that I didn't know what he thinks but anyone would think that she was looking good in that outfit. 

She smiled and got up from her seat and stepped over to me casually, placing her hand on my arm and lightly stroking it she wiped a tear from her eye trying to keep her makeup from running. I asked if she was ok when she looked up into my eyes, she nodded lightly and mustered up a cute smile for me. I smiled back, feeling her hand move down to my hand as she held it firmly. She bit her lip and her expression changed, she moved her eyes from my eyes to my lips as she leaned forward and kissed me. A shot of excitement rushed through my body as I felt her lips brush onto mine; my mind darted from surprise and shock to confusion as I kissed her back, feeling her body press onto mine I started to get hard. She moved her hand from holding mine to holding my neck, while her other hand rested on my waist. I felt her leg rise up and press itself on my side, keeping me in place while she kissed me harder. 

I moved one hand to wrap around her lower back, only inches from her thick ass, feeling the material of her dress through my fingers. My other hand moved to hold her raised leg in place, feeling her soft skin. We continued to kiss each other, exploring each other. I couldn't help myself as the sexual attraction to Natasha came flooding back to me. As a mix of our moans and lip smacking filled the kitchen, I thought that someone walked in on us, as I heard the door open and close quickly after. However, I was too invested in Natasha, holding her, feeling my growing cock in my jeans press against the denim which felt uncomfortable. 

I finally pushed her away firmly, battling with myself saying it was wrong, but I wanted it. "Why did you do that?" I asked, breathing softly trying to get my breath back. She did the same, running her hand through her silky blonde hair. She looked at me and licked her lips. What she said to me made me decide what I was going to do:

"If Craig wants to fuck other women why can't I want to be fucked by other men?" 

The next few moments where a blur to me. I was too busy thinking about what was going to happen between me and Natasha. We ended up in my room, the door slammed shut. there was no noise except the thud of my body pressed against the wall of my room and the furious lip smacking and moaning of both of us. The noise of me belt beginning to be undone soon entered my ears as Natasha began to fumble with the buckle. I quickly moved my hands to the bottom of her dress, hiking it up above her thick thighs and juicy ass. I felt her underwear when I brushed my fingers across her ass as I groped her. She moaned when she felt my firm hands on her uncovered backside. Breaking the kiss to focus on getting my jeans off. She smiled as she eventually got the belt off. She quickly unzipped the fly of my trousers and dove her hands into my pants. Whilst she pulled my cock out, she pressed her lips on mine once more, jerking me off with one hand while tugging at my shirt, desperately trying to get me naked. 

She was good with her hands, she jerked me in a circular motion as she pulled my foreskin back and forth, gliding it through my whole 8-inch length. She squealed lightly as I groped her had hard once I felt her cold hand on my cock. breathing heavily though her nose which brushed on my face. She backed off of me and continued to give me the hand job looking down at my solid as stone cock. She looked up and raised an eyebrow, giving a devilish and irresistible smile as she slowly sank to her knees. I couldn't believe that I was about to receive head from one of my closest friends. I felt precum begin to slowly seep out of my head while she got so close, I could feel her warm and heavy breath on it. 

She looked up at me as she planted a wet kiss on the side of my dick, sending pleasure up my body, the hairs on my arms and legs began to stand up once she began to bob her head back and fourth on my cock, she sucked slowly and methodically, eyes closed and head moving in slow fluid motions as she sucked deeper and deeper. I felt her moans vibrate on my shaft as my knees got weak. Her fingers brushed on my balls while her other hand was wrapped around the base of my shaft. Throwing my head back I groaned loudly, not caring if my floor mates heard what was going on. She smiled and came up for air, sliding her hand gracefully around my shaft lathering her spit around every part of it. She chuckled lustfully, grinning at my reactions to her amazing hand job.

"You better have protection." She said hopefully. I knew I did, they were in the bottom desk drawer which I put the box in a few weeks ago. I recall getting them from a class mate who thought it would be funny to get me condoms on my 21st birthday, almost 2 months before this night with Natasha. I nodded to her without saying word, speechless at how good she was. I was glad that she stopped, as I would have come in her mouth at any moment. She rose to her feet and flipped her heels off. She moved to the bed, pulling me by my cock to stand in front of her. Whilst I stood there she began to hold the dress which was pulled up to her waist by me and raise it over herself her lower body was revealed to me, large tits springing out of her clothed prison. She smiled as she dropped the dress onto the floor next to my feet. 

Natasha laid on my bed, taking her underwear off quickly and leaving them next to her. She massaged one of her large breasts and began to rub her pussy. It took me no more than a few moments to get the box of condoms out and to pull one out to roll onto my cock. She watched me as I rolled the condom over my shaft moaning as she continued to rub herself for pleasure. I joined her on the bed, taking my shirt off as I knelt on the bed between her legs. She looked up at me lustfully as I pushed my cock inside her. My friend moaned loudly, bracing her hand on the pillow beside her head as I pushed in. A grin curled on her face as she let herself be lost in the fucking. I began to thrust into her, grunting as I pushed inside her. She was tight, and felt amazing even though my cock was coated in the rubber of the condom I could feel how good fucking her felt. I continued to fuck Natasha as she arched her back and cried with pleasure in a high pitch tone. She shivered as her orgasm erupted in her, gasping for air as I pushed balls deep into her. 

"Fuck XXX!" She moaned as she laid there watching her pussy get fucked by a cock which belonged to someone other than her boyfriend. She leaned her head back onto the pillow as she closed her eyes. I moaned as I felt myself cum hard into the rubber, slowing down once I felt the bliss of an orgasm overtake me.

Panting filled the small en suite room. I laid next to Natasha as she turned over and rested her head on my chest. We stayed silent as the post orgasmic bliss overtook us both. She looked down at my cock between my legs, muttering that I was bigger than Craig. Looking up she kissed my neck rubbing what was left of her lipstick on my neck whilst most of it rubbed off on my cock after the mind blowing head she kindly gave me.

"My purse is still in the kitchen..." She said quietly, hooking her leg over my waist and wrapping her arm around me, holding me there. I agreed as I remembered that she had left it on the table when she approached me. 

She sighed loudly before slowly sliding her body off of mine. Reaching for her underwear. I looked at her, unable to know why this happened. She looked over at me and smiled contently as she began to slip on her dress. She adjusted her hair by running her fingers through her hair to make it look less messy from the sex. She looked over at me.

"I'd better go..." She muttered as she took my jeans and passed them to me. I got dressed quickly, I didn't know if she was watching me change. The trip down to the lobby was filled with an awkward silence. I rested my hands in my pockets while she clutched her purse. I could smell her strong alluring perfume on my clothing which made my heart beat a little quicker. As we got to the lobby, I quickly signed Natasha out. As I opened the door for her, I finally plucked up the courage to speak.

"What happens now?" I asked.

"I dunno...I just need to go home and think ok? I'll text you later..." She looked up and me and smiled, giving me one last kiss on the cheek before leaving the building. I let her leave as I watched her walk off. Seeing her nice ass move as she turned the corner.

She didn't text me later. In fact, she stayed quiet for a few weeks. Ignoring my calls and only answering my texts with short answers. I felt bad, felt that I betrayed our friendship by allowing myself to let what happened happen. This wasn't the last time Natasha and I got intimate, but this will be explained at a later date.