 Here is the 2nd of my 3 part mini-series documenting my sex life with a friends with benefits Natasha. I'm gla that the first part was positively received and I hope this part also is as sexy as the real thing! Any questions I will be more than happy to answer. Hope you enjoy ;)

When I left off, Natasha had left me in my accommodation building after our first fuck together. I expected to hear from her in the days after, I thought that her telling me to pretend it never happened or outright say she thought I was a creep for not stopping us before it escalated. I did not see her for roughly a week, texts I tried to send her where met with no replies and calls left unanswered. I tried to distract myself from her by working through school assignments and such, which helped very well. Soon I convinced myself that she will come around soon enough and hopefully forgive me, perhaps even still be friends with her even though she cheated on Craig with me. That all changed one morning. 

I was midway through the dreaded 10AM, 3-hour lecture as many students know to be a pit of despair and coffee; which was made even worse when it is a module in which I found unbearably dull. I was sitting in the usual spot which I sat in, around the middle of the hall at the end of the row, in order to get out quickly once the boring lecture was over. Roughly 30-40 minutes into the lecture I felt the soft vibration of my phone in my pocket. Checking who it was I felt my heart race when I saw that it was a text from Natasha. In the message she asked if I was at home, and that she wanted to talk but did not know if I was free. Answering back as quick as I could I said I was in a lecture, but able to talk via text, seeing as the lecture was boring and I wasn't really listening anyway I made the decision to read what she had to say. 

It took a long time for a reply to come through, it felt like hours when I saw the TYPING word on WhatsApp, accompanied by the droning voice of the lecturer. Once I saw that she had sent the message I spent time reading every word carefully. Making sure that I got everything that she had to say. I felt excited to hear from her again, having a close friend ghost you for a little over a week would do that to anyone, but also feeling the dread from the fear which I had felt in that short space of time. From her message she had given a scenario in which I never thought about. The message said this:

"I know I've been quiet for a while. I had to take some time to think about what we did together. Last night me and Craig went out, and this morning when he left, I felt myself thinking about our time together rather than what we did last night. I hate myself for liking it, and I feel like I betrayed our friendship by wanting you. But what I want to say is you made me feel good, and I want you again...more than just once if you know what I mean. If you don't want to, I am fine with keeping it as friends, but if by any chance want to, I am free tonight and would love to see you xxx" 

I had an erection right there in class. I was turned on by what Natasha was saying to me, she wasn't blaming me for anything, and wanted to do it again. I thought to myself afterwards, thinking if I wanted to be apart of this affair, if I wanted to go behind a guy I know and have sex with his hot blonde girlfriend. Looking back, I felt bad by leaving her on seen for a while, but eventually I texted her back, saying that I would be there at around 7.

That night we met, and sat in her room for a while to discuss what we where doing. I asked if she wanted to stay with Craig, which she said yes. She said we both knew how amazing the sex was, and loved the idea to keep it a regular thing. I had the idea to become Friends with Benefits, she and I agreed on not being romantically involved in any way, just fucking for pleasure and fun. That night it was official. Sealed with a passionate kiss and going all the way once more. Since we would find time to meet. In public we would act like normal friends, only sometimes on nights out there where times where we got too handsy. This continued for a few weeks, she would sometimes come around mine with the excuse of helping me study, and vice versa. This brings me to the time in mid-July, where Craig, Natasha and I where with a small group of friends at a pool.

We had all met on campus and decided to go to an outdoor public pool before we all broke up for summer. In total there where 7 of us. Including me and Craig there where 4 guys and 3 girls (Natasha included, as well as a girl I will name Andrea who links with what I will post as part 3.) We all came out of the changing room at similar times, we all managed to get lockers for our belongings as the pool was surprisingly quiet-ish for that time of the year. We were chatting and messing about as any group of friends where, but our attention immediately was drawn to the girls once they came into the pool area. My heart almost exploded out of my chest when I saw Natasha strutting toward the group with the other two girls. She looked stunning with her blonde hair tied in a cute short pony tail wearing a dark red, leopard print two-piece bikini in which she stuffed her large breasts and thick ass into, her thick thighs brushing against each other as she sat down beside me and dipped her feet into the pool. Craig, waist deep in the pool waded over to her and placed his hands on her legs, kissing her as she leaned down to press her lips on his. From the corner of my eye I saw them, and I could not help but think to all the times those plump rose red lips of hers where wrapped around my cock, sucking me off in either of our bedrooms, her hands massaging my balls as I shot my load inside her mouth before she swallowed it all. Once he backed off to join his friends, I noticed Natasha look at me as she licked her lip lightly. We both knew what we where thinking about. 

The next few hours where mixed with relaxation and entertainment, we all hung out together to enjoy the last day before breaking up for the holiday. But Natasha was evil to me. At ever chance she had, she tried to tease me, whether it was bending over in front of me to show her bikini sink into her large ass cheeks or adjusting her string top to make her tits bounce while I looked at her from across the pool. She knew she was turning me on, and because of that, it made her all the more into it; especially when her boyfriend was in the area! 

Nearer the end of the day some of our friends already left, and the pool had lessened to the point where only us and 2 other groups of individuals around. Craig was still around when Natasha swam up to me in the pool and fished her hand into my trunks, quickly feeling her grasp my semi-hard shaft and begin to jerk me off under the water. She grinned and stared at me lustily, looking around quickly to see that no one was looking at what we were doing (especially the lifeguard.) 

"Where's Craig?" I asked quickly, wondering why she now decided to come up to me and play with my cock. 

"Bathroom. Andrea and Jack are in the changing rooms, its just us now." I felt my cock grow harder, slowly moving my hand to her ass under the water to feel her. 

"I can't believe you wore something so sexy." I said as I darted my eyes from her to the entrance, wishing Craig won't walk in and catch us. 

"Well I had to give you a lasting memory before we left until September..."

"I can make a few more if you want."

"Oh? How do you think you'll do that?" I grunted as I felt her hand grasp my balls ang give me a firm tug. Now fully erect I did everything I could to not pull that bikini off of her right there, the people still in the pool where the main reason I didn't. 

"Go into a changing room, and wait for me." I almost ordered as I held her arm and forcefully pulled her away from my cock, her hand slipping out of my trunks and back onto the cool water. She slowly waded back to a respectable distance and giggled.

"You've gotten kinky. What happened to our no fucking in public rule?"

"Gone when you decided to put that on and make me hard all day." Once I said my piece I sank into the water and started to act like nothing had happened. When I resurfaced a few moments later, after rubbing my face with the water I saw Natasha begin to swim back gracefully to the ladder, pulling herself up, pulling the fabric of her bikini out of her ass cheeks before stepping up to the side of the pool. I fixed my gaze on her until I saw Craig on the side of the pool, looking to her also. He must have come in while I was under the water. I could not hear what they where saying but I saw her spring up on her tip toes and plant a kiss on his lips, before quickly darting her eyes toward me and stepping out of view. The next 5 or so minutes where like an eternity. Craig had become less and less talkative and became more occupied with swimming lengths than hanging out. Once I felt like enough time had passed, I swam up to him and said I was going to the bathroom then leaving. He said goodbye and went back to swimming, taking no time to say have a good summer or anything. 

I hurried to the women's changing room to see Natasha outside, peeking in and looking around. She turned and grinned as she heard me approach. 

"No ones in here. Fuck this is so dirty." She muttered as she went in first, making sure there was no one in there. Quickly slipping into a cubicle she motioned me in. Quickly following I shut the door behind me. Once I turned around, I instantly felt her on me, kissing me furiously. Our loud lip smacking bounced off of the walls of the cubicle. My blonde fuck buddy wrapped her hands around my neck as I held her thighs and pulled her up and held her legs around my waist. Our tongues danced with each other as I spanked her thick ass. Her moan vibrating in my mouth. She boke the kiss and looked into my eyes, biting her lip to stifle a loud moan. With my cock hard pressed against my trunks she slowly slid off of me, feet placed hard onto the rough flooring of the cubicle. She pushed me against the small bench which was on the end of the changing cubicle. I quickly untied the string which held the trunks tight around my waist and pulled my cock out of its prison, once it was out and I began to jerk it off slowly she sank to her knees, giving it a light kiss before starting to suck, a moan escaped me which made her ride up from her sucking to shush me. Remembering that anyone could come in and hear us I nodded as she went back to bobbing her head up and down my cock, slowly and sensually to make sure she was as quiet as possible. Reaching one hand to pull her damp hair out of the ponytail and with her other hand, jerking me like she always did while she sucked and lapped my precum with her tongue. 

I felt my cock begin to throb harder as I got close to cumming. I bit my lip hard to mask the groan once I shot my cum into her mouth, her eyes widened with surprise as she lightly pounded my thigh with her fist. Usually I had to say when I was going to, but with the no noise rule in effect there wasn't a proper way to tell her in time. She eventually rose from her position and looked at me with her mouth closed, she swallowed and stood up. 

"Asshole." She whispered as I smiled. Standing up I in front of her I reached behind her and untied her bikini. Letting the nice-looking top drop to the floor on her feet. I started to grope them, feeling the large globes softly as she breathed heavily, she moved her hands to my cock and began to brush her hands over it, slowly getting it back to its full glory. I felt myself get hard in no time when I began to play with her tits, pinching her hard nipples and moving to untie the strings on the side of the still worn part of the bikini. She moved past me and put her hands on the bench, pushing her ass toward me assuming her go-to sex position. From behind her I positioned my moist cock between her pussy lips and began to fuck Natasha in the changing room. I could hear her moaning, holding back her pleasure as I started to fuck her faster and harder, pushing my cock in and out of her raw, pelvis slapping her plump ass which made it jiggle lightly with every light smack. I started to quicken the pace, almost thinking we where in the safety of one of our rooms as I grunted under my breath. 

"Fuck..." I moaned lightly. Natasha gasped as she motioned me to stop, her eyes shut tight as she became breathless. Gasping she arched her back and moved one hand from the bench to her clit, rubbing herself as I resumed fucking. A loud moan escaped her, cumming, she panted until finally she relaxed her muscles. With my cock still hard she smiled and turned her head to the side.

"Want me to clean you?" She asked still clearly feeling to effects of the post orgasmic bliss. Without giving a second to reply with a yes, she once again sank to her knees and grasped my cock, licking it up and down, locking eyes with me as she kissed every part of the shaft, suckling my balls while jerking me off. A few more moments of this made me blast my second load. She grinned and held her tits together, milking me of my cum onto them as my knees buckled and my hands tightened. I focused on trying to stay quiet. I looked down to her large natural tits, my cum had been spread onto those large melons as she released her grasp of them, letting them hang naturally. Her hands rested on her thighs, pressed together as she looked up at me. 

"This is why I fuck you." She muttered as she rose to her feet, letting the cum stay on her chest as she pushed me aside. Looking out of the door which she creaked open, there was no one around. 

"Ok, now's your chance." She said while I retrieved my trunks and slipped them back on. She turned and motioned to me. I approached her and kissed her cheek. 

"See you in September." I said quickly.

"Yeah baby. I'll call if I get lonely ok?" She kissed my lips and almost pushed me out of the cubicle, shutting the door. 

I still think we were incredibly lucky that day, from the life guard not catching her in the pool to no one walking in while we had our fun. It was a great experience as anything public is a massive kink of mine. 

As I mentioned previously, everyone left for summer break after this. I did not see Natasha until we came back for our last year of university. During the break however he kept in touch. Called whenever and had normal conversations. Only on the odd occasion would she call me while she was horny, saying how much she wanted to do it again. That would usually set me off, jerking off to her saying all the naughty things she would do to me if I was with her. It was a fun night the first day back. The final part of this mini-series will be the best sex I have ever had in my life. It involves a breakup, two girls and a new year's party. Quite possible the best thing which has ever happened to me so far in life. But I will go into that another time.