 Jenny and I had gotten together several times for sex with her boyfriend present, but for our first time alone, she wanted to be daring. Like I usually did, I met her at her house early in the afternoon, well before her boyfriend David was home from work. She was wearing shorts and a tee shirt, and she had hiking boots on. Any awkwardness we may have felt was gone immediately, as she kissed me as soon as she opened the door. I stepped inside the house and we wrapped our arms around each other, slipping our tongues into each other's mouth. She lapped one leg around me as I leaned back against the door. I started removing her shirt, but she stopped me: "Not yet. I've got something better planned," she said. "Have you ever fucked outdoors?"

"No," I replied. She kissed me again, and with a sexy smile she dragged me outside and into her SUV. It was a nice August day in San Francisco, and the afternoon sun was still warm enough to not need jackets. We drove up the coast a bit to a regional park with trees and hiking trails that led to the beach. 

"I've always wanted to have sex on the beach," she said. "It's nice out, and we should be able to find someplace to get naked without being interrupted. I have been thinking about this all day – I am so ready to have you inside me." I put my hand on her bare thigh and tickled her skin. I moved my hand slowly up her leg, stopping just short of her pussy before moving right back down her thigh again. "Stop teasing me, jerk," she laughed. 

When we finally pulled up to the parking lot, my cock was already jumping out of my jeans (she hadn't told me what the plan was). I hugged Jenny from behind and kissed the back of her neck as she grabbed a blanket from the back of the SUV. She reached between her legs and rubbed my cock against her pussy. "If we keep this up," I said, "we are both going to cum before we even get to our destination!"

We walked up the nearest trail quickly. When we got to the beach, it was obvious why Jenny picked this place – the beach was sheltered by rocks and sand dunes, and it didn't look like anybody was out enjoying the day. We found a nice spot that allowed maximum protection from the public. I laid down the blanket while Jenny slipped off her shoes. She was standing above me, and I started kissing her calves, then behind her knees, up her thighs. I slipped both hands under her shorts and grabbed her ass, tickling her anus with my fingers. She moaned with pleasure as I brushed her wet pussy. She got on her knees with me and kissed me more passionately than any kiss I had ever had. Her tongue was deep in my mouth, her arms were wrapped tightly around my body, and she was pressing herself up against me, stimulating her nipples while my cock dug into her. 

I leaned Jenny back and slipped her shirt off. I loved her tits – they weren't especially big, but her nipples always seemed to be hard and her C-cups fit her athletic body perfectly. I licked around one of her nipples, nibbling it gently. I used one of my hands to unzip her shorts, while the other hand was playing with her other nipple. I was too worked up to focus much time on her chest, though, and I quickly kissed my way down her stomach to her cleanly-shaven pussy. I kissed her inner thighs and tasted her juices. I used my entire tongue to lick the length of her wet hole. Jenny arched her back and spread her legs wider. I slipped my tongue deep insider her. She was beginning to approach climax, so I slipped a couple fingers insider her and sucked on her clit. She was moaning now as I fucked her with my fingers, rubbing her G-spot while roller her clit under my tongue. Within a couple minutes, she squeezed my head with her legs and grabbed my hair as she came. I had never heard her scream the way she did, and I knew that I was ready to explode on the touch.

Jenny pulled me up to her and kissed my chin, then all around my mouth, tasting her sweet juices on my face. I sucked on my fingers, enjoying that musk scent, too. She laid me on my back and slipped off my pants. The pre-cum had soaked through my boxers, and she licked it up all over the head of my cock. Jenny put as much of me inside her mouth as she could, and stroked my balls with her free hand. Her other hand was rubbing my chest, playing with my nipples, touching me all over. I came quickly. She stroked the base of my cock as she swallowed every drop. When she finished, Jenny came up and kissed me. I could still taste the bitterness of my cum on her lips. Feeling her naked skin on me always managed to drive me wild, and I knew I would be hard before too long. In the meantime, I pulled her up and got her to straddle my face. I kissed her inner thighs again, making Jenny arch her back with anticipation. She leaned forward and kissed the head of my cock as I licked her from her anus to her clit and back. Having her ass and her pussy so close to my face, not to mention her face so close to my cock, was getting me hard again, so I quickly found her clit and took it into my mouth. I wanted to fuck Jenny ASAP, so I did what I could to get her moist quickly. It didn't take long at all.

She reversed her position and sat on my cock. She was easily wet enough for me to slide right in, and as soon as I was all the way inside her, Jenny leaned forward and kissed me. We kissed and fucked for several minutes, her tongue in my mouth, my tongue in her mouth, arms wrapped around each other. She broke free, though, as she started to get close to cumming. She got up on her feet in a crouching position and started riding my cock faster and harder. I arched my back to get deep inside her. Within a minute, the muscles in her legs contracted and her pussy tightened up on my cock as she came again. She grabbed the skin on my arms and squeezed as she moaned. That was enough to get me over the top, too, and I came deep inside her. She collapsed onto my body and we just lay there for a couple minutes.

Before leaving, we both jumped into the ocean quickly to clean off the sand and the sweat. The water was way too cold to stay in, but it did the job. We stopped along the way back to the car a couple times and kissed, but the adventure was essentially over. On the way back to Jenny's place we discussed other places we could try having sexual adventures. I will let you know about those in the future.