 The last few weeks have been a test of perseverance - too many tough days at work and too many projects to do at home. There has been stress and many challenges. While things with Cindy and I have not been strained, there hasn't been much time for fun or relaxation. Because of this, I jumped at the chance for a night out.

The occasion was a "going away" party for one of Cindy's co-workers. Cindy invited me to join her co-workers as they prepared a fitting send off for Gwynn. While I was reluctant to mingle with the work crowd, I was anxious for some down time with Cindy. I assumed we would spend some time at the party, and then head out so that we could have some time alone.

Charlie's was the local watering hole near Cindy's office. It was always busy and was the usual spot for office gatherings. It was perfect for Gwynn's send off. I arrived about 6:15pm and there were at least twenty people from the office there. I grabbed a drink and sat down next to Cindy.

The party was a great excuse for a night out, but my expectations were fairly simple - a few drinks, a quiet dinner with Cindy, and hopefully an evening of sex to make up for missed nights the last few weeks. I had no plans to be there more than an hour or so.

It wasn't long before I ordered a second drink. While the plan was to politely duck out with Cindy and find a quiet restaurant for a romantic dinner, Cindy was having a great time. She obviously was not ready to leave.

By 9pm, the crowd had dwindled to the last few stragglers. The boss had closed out the tab and said his goodbyes, but the party was not over. Gwynn was sitting next to Cindy and the drinks were still flowing. They were laughing and giggling like school girls.

In no time at all, the remaining revelers left, wishing Gwynn the best of luck. I found myself sitting with Gwynn on one side and Cindy on the other. Gwynn was definitely a hot looking young lady. She had short dark brown hair, ample tits, and a nice ass. She was dressed for success in a tight blouse and a short skirt. I was not the only one that noticed her that night, but every guy that approached got the cold shoulder.

I needed to visit the men's room to take a leak. I took my time, knowing that Cindy and Gwynn were chatting up a storm. As I exited the men's room, I could see that Gwynn had changed seats. She was now sitting very close to Cindy. As I approached the table, I noticed that Gwynn's hand was on Cindy's thigh. Innocent? I'm not sure.

Time seemed to stand still as the conversation continued. It was just the three of us, but you would have thought I was not even there. The more they chatted, the more Gwynn moved closer to Cindy. There was nothing sinister, but it was far from innocent. As the waitress brought the next round of drinks, Gwynn reached across the table brushing up against Cindy's tits. They both just looked at each other and then started laughing.

Gwynn decided to excuse herself to the ladies room. 

"Are you coming to?" she asked Cindy.

"No, I'm fine" was Cindy's reply, ignoring Gwynn's obvious plea.

With that, Gwynn disappeared. I decided to quiz Cindy who by now was feeling quite fine with the alcohol.

"So, what's the deal with Gwynn?"

"What do you mean?" Cindy replied.

"Where is her boyfriend?" I inquired.

"No boyfriend." Cindy quipped. "She's a lesbian, or at least that is what I have heard."

I about fell over. Now all the subtle little signs made sense to me. Cindy seemed oblivious, or maybe the signs were hidden behind the drinks. Gwynn returned and sat down close to Cindy, their thighs now pressing together. Gwynn plopped her head on Cindy's shoulder and exclaimed "I am really going to miss this place when I am gone."

The conversation headed back to small talk. We ordered another round of drinks. This time Cindy had to use the ladies room. Gwynn was ready to follow her, but I managed to distract her.

"So, Gwynn, all these hot young men here and you haven't danced with a single one."

She shot back "I am having too much fun with you and Cindy and besides, I am moving to the south, so who needs a commitment like that?"

With some careful thought, I followed what I believed was her obvious lead. 

"Well, it is a shame you are moving, but the fun doesn't have to end here."

Gwynn stared at me with the most inquisitive look. She was speechless, but clearly wanted to know more. I leaned in close to Gwynn and whispered in her ear.

"I think you want to fuck my wife!"

Gwynn pulled back and look me directly in the eyes for what seemed like an eternity. She wanted to deny it, but her face said "caught me!" She raised her index finger to her mouth as if to say "shhhhh!" Then she smiled the most wry little smirk and winked at me. Game on!

"And what makes you think I would play along?" I asked her.

"Your love for Cindy is obvious and I know from talking with her that you have a strong marriage, so as much as I would enjoy being with her, I have no doubt you already have plans for the evening."

My mind was racing with the possibilities. Cindy and I have talked in the past about someone joining us, and I had already let her experience another man on our trip to Vegas, but would this push things too far? Or would she cherish the experience?

Before I could answer my own question, Cindy was back. Gwynn looked at Cindy and then stared at me, but I was speechless. My mind was racing. The most I could do was muster a wink back at Gwynn. My silent approval brought a smile to her face. I asked the waitress to bring me the check.

We finished our last round of drinks. I could not help but notice how much Gwynn was nestling up to Cindy, brushing up against her, casually rubbing her arm, playing with her hair, etc. On one hand, I was worried, but down below I was hard as a rock and ready for more.

As I paid the check, I wrote a note on the back of my receipt.

"Gwynn, I will talk to Cindy about tonight. The address is below. If the porch light is on, you may join us. If not, it means that Cindy said no. Please respect that."

I casually reached behind Cindy and passed the note to Gwynn. Gwynn read my note, looked at me, and then smiled. With that, she decided to excuse herself. She hugged Cindy good night and as she turned from the table she dropped her keys on the floor. I got my first glimpse of what was to take place when she bent over to retrieve her keys. As her skirt lifted, she managed to give Cindy and me a great view of her sweet little ass and her pink lace panties. I glanced quickly at Cindy who was mesmerized and could not take her eyes off Gwynn.

Slowly, I leaned into Cindy and offered her a kiss. "I thought she would never leave."

Cindy replied "It is a shame she is moving. I really enjoyed tonight."

I turned to her and asked "how about we head home because I have been thinking about you all day?"

Cindy finished her drink and we headed to the car. I had no idea how to approach the subject of Gwynn. I was nervous. It seemed clear to me that we were heading home to have sex, but Gwynn joining us was a different subject. 

I decided to test the waters with Cindy. As we drove towards home, I put my hand on Cindy's thigh. She shifted in the seat to move closer to me. As we got closer to home, I slid my hand up her leg, eventually sliding under her skirt moving ever so close to her crotch. Cindy closed her eyes and put her head back. She offered no signs that I was to stop.

We were forced to stop when the traffic light turned red. Cindy leaned across the seat to kiss me. As she did, she put her hand on my crotch. It was firm and I am sure she could tell I was excited.

"Tonight was a lot of fun." she said. "I am glad you decided to join us."

"It's not over yet." I mumbled. Cindy smiled at me.

The light turned green, but I had my sign. I decided that the secret rendezvous would simply increase the pleasure. 

When we got home, I hugged Cindy and followed with a kiss.

"How about I meet you up in the bedroom?"

She whispered in my ear "I would like that" and with a final kiss she headed upstairs.

"Just give me a minute to lock up." I said to her.

So, I put the porch light on and scribbled a quick note which I pinned to the unlocked door.

"Gwynn, the door is unlocked but you must be silent. I want this to be a surprise. The bedroom is upstairs. The door will be cracked for you."

With that, I made a beeline for the bedroom. Cindy was laying naked waiting for me. After a quick trip to the bathroom to freshen up, I dove into her arms.

We kissed passionately for several minutes. Cindy was hot and ready to go. After kissing her hard, I whispered in her ear "You are so sexy and every minute tonight made me want you more!" I reached down and rubbed my hand gently across her pussy. She froze as if to say "take me - do what you want with me - tonight I am all yours."

My cock was already stiff, but I knew the night was early. The tough part was wondering if Gwynn was on her way, or if the plans had changed. I spent the next few minutes kissing and playing with Cindy's tits. Cindy was clearly eager for more. I worked my way south, kissing my way down her belly. Cindy lay motionless, her right hand stroking lightly from my back down to my ass.

"That feels so good." she said.

I kneeled next to her, shifting my attention to her pussy. With my right hand, I slipped a finger across her pussy lips. She twitched. As I repeated my stroke, I could hear her licking her lips. Her breaths grew deeper and more desperate. She never said a word.

I slowly worked my finger deeper. With each stroke, I would drag my finger across her lips. Cindy was beginning to squirm. She enjoyed our foreplay, but I think she was ready for more. Just then, I saw the door open ever so slowly. It was Gwynn. Oh my God.

She entered the bedroom silently and stood at the door. I gave her the "Shhhhh!" as I continued to stroke Cindy. With her eyes closed and her pussy on fire, she never saw Gwynn come into the room.

I winked at Gwynn and then shifted so that I could lick Cindy's pussy. With my knees near her head in a sort of sixty nine position, I bent down and started to lick and suck her clit. Cindy started to moan. Gwynn got undressed.

"Oh that feels so good!" Cindy said to me. 

I looked up at Gwynn to see what she was doing. She had moved to the chair in the corner. She was playing with her tits and the site of me licking Cindy was obviously making her hot.

I rolled off the bed and positioned myself between Cindy's legs. I started licking her pussy. Long strokes with my tongue had Cindy wanting more. Her pussy was wet and tasted so good.

"Ooooh. I love you so much. Please don't stop!"

I decided to finger her pussy with long light strokes so I could look up. While Cindy had her eyes closed and was relishing the intense burning feeling in her pussy, I looked over at Gwynn who was now fingering herself. I almost blew my cover. Somehow I managed to get her attention without distracting Cindy.

I pointed to Gwynn and then pointed to Cindy's pussy. Then I motioned "Shhhhh!"

Without uttering a single sound, the plan to give Cindy the best pussy licking of her life was in full motion with no way to stop. I licked Cindy's pussy several more times savoring her sweet juice. Her pussy was soaking wet. Cindy was oblivious to anything but the fire in her crotch and the sensation of my tongue.

I felt this hand on my leg. It was Gwynn motioning to me that it was her turn. I pulled back from Cindy and climbed off the bed. Cindy never suspected a thing. Like a cat, Gwynn climbed in between Cindy's legs and picked up where I left off.

Cindy moaned again. "Ohhhh, keep going!"

With that, Gwynn and I had switched places. I sat naked in the chair admiring Cindy's first experience with another woman. I could not help but play with my cock. I watched Gwynn who was so gentle and so soft and so focused on Cindy's needs. And I stared at Cindy who was completely lost in the moment, squirming from the electricity deep inside of her.

Gwynn was amazing, fucking my wife with her tongue, and adding her fingers to heighten the pleasure. Her pace was remarkable bringing Cindy to the verge and then gently backing off to prolong the ecstasy. For the next fifteen minutes, Gwynn licked and Cindy squirmed with delight. I was in awe as I sat and played with myself.

Cindy's breathing grew more shallow as the anticipation of a shuddering orgasm started to consume her. I started to panic. How would I explain this? How would Cindy react? I decided it was now or never, so I got up from the chair and moved to the corner of the bed, standing near Cindy. Gwynn spied me but never stopped.

As Gwynn continued her full attention on Cindy's pussy, I gently reached over and put my hand on Cindy's breast. I squeezed ever so softly, taking her full breast in my hand. With that, Cindy paused. Her breathing stopped, the moment frozen in time in her mind. She was confused. "Who's there?" she thought. She opened her eyes to see me kneeling next to her. And then her eyes closed and she gasped. Gwynn put two fingers deep in her pussy and Cindy instantly was back into the moment. She simply could not gain focus with Gwynn working on her pussy the way she was. All she knew was that there were now two people giving her their full attention, and that she had never felt this good.

For the next thirty seconds, she barely took a breath. I could almost hear her mind trying to figure this out. I looked at Gwynn, and she looked at me. I squeezed Cindy's nipple. Gwynn kept licking. 

I moved my mouth to encircle Cindy's rock hard nipple. I gently flicked my tongue across the nipple, playing as if it was her clit. I imagined myself totally in control of her next orgasm. My tongue danced circles around and across her sensitive nipples, coaxing her body to a new level of pleasure. Gwynn must have been doing the same with her pussy.

"Oh God!" Cindy screamed. "Yesssss!"

With that, I knew Cindy had moved on. If she had any concerns about why two people were fucking her, she was too consumed to worry about it now. Her breathing grew heavy but short. Every breath came a little quicker. Her hips wriggled. As I focused on one nipple, she played with the other as if it would prevent the inevitable. My dick was so hard I could not stop stroking myself.

"Oh please!" Cindy screamed "Oh my god!"

Gwynn knew it was time to finish what I had started. Cindy's head rolled back and she stopped breathing, fighting back the intense convulsions building inside her. And then she exploded. Her moan told me how good the orgasm was. She went on for more than thirty seconds. I shot my load everywhere.

It was a very intense orgasm and Cindy was spent. She was too exhilarated to process what just happened. She lay completely still. It was the most intense orgasm of her life. She knew something was different, but she struggled to process what had just happened. The pause seemed to last for minutes as we all waited.

Cindy lay still doing her best to recover to a point where she could function. Gwynn made the first move. She started with a gentle kiss on Cindy's thigh. Cindy acknowledged with a subtle little whimper of joy.

Gwynn pushed on, kissing her way up Cindy's naked body. I decided to move to the chair so I could watch. Gwynn gently moved to Cindy's little landing strip, making sure to avoid her clit which was far too sensitive to be licked again. Then she kissed her belly. Then she found one of her tits and suckled on that. Cindy could do nothing but lay there. Gwynn pushed on, kissing Cindy's neck. Finally she whispered to Cindy "You don't know how long I have wanted to do that!"

With that, Cindy opened her eyes. She was speechless staring into Gwynn's brown eyes. They paused for an eternity, staring at each other. Gwynn smiled. Cindy just stared while processing what had just happened. Gwynn moved in and kissed Cindy on the lips. The first kiss was just a peck. The second kiss was more intense. Their lips locked in a passionate embrace. Any inhibitions from Cindy disappeared as they kissed long and hard.

Gwynn pulled back and looked deeply into Cindy's eyes.

"You have always made my pussy wet" Gwynn said. They kissed again. 

Then Cindy paused as if reality had just crashed the party. I knew what she was thinking. Gwynn paused long enough for Cindy to look around. She found what she was looking for - me. I was sitting in the chair stroking my cock again. That signaled my approval.

"I cannot believe I finally got this chance!" Gwynn said. "You are so fucking hot. I used to finger myself at night thinking about you".

With that, Gwynn kissed her passionately. Cindy kissed her back. As Gwynn kissed her way back down Cindy's body it was easy for Cindy to relish the moment. She wanted more.

Gwynn took her time. She stopped first at her tits, her magical tongue taking Cindy to a different place. Then Gwynn reached down and shoved a finger in Cindy's wet pussy. Cindy moaned.

As Gwynn slid further down, kissing Cindy and bringing her to new heights, I decided to join the party. As Gwynn reached Cindy's pussy and started licking, I walked to the bed. I grabbed Cindy's tits and she opened her eyes. Panic. I was expecting the worst. Instead Cindy smiled a wry smile at me. I think she mouthed the words "thank you" but I was not sure. She reached over and grabbed my cock. She started to stroke me. Gwynn licked. Cindy stroked. Gwynn licked deeper. Cindy stroked longer. And then, Cindy let go.

Uh oh. What happened? I was about to cum, and Cindy let go of my cock. I thought something was wrong. Instead, I realized it was unintentional. Gwynn was working her magic again. Cindy could not focus on me because her pussy was burning. I looked down and Gwynn was on all fours getting the perfect angle to work Cindy's pussy deeper than ever. She had two fingers inside Cindy and was focusing her mouth on Cindy's clit. It was no wonder Cindy could not focus on me. Her moaning told me she was in that place again. Both hands now clenched the sheets begging for mercy.

At the same time, my dick was throbbing begging for a release. The sight of Gwynn on all fours was turning me on. "No way" I thought. "She's a lesbian!"

I decided that was not my problem. I abandoned Cindy and moved to the end of the bed. I climbed up behind Gwynn. I knelt behind her and slowly rubbed my cock up and down Gwynn's pussy. She was wet. My attention caused her to pause long enough to spread her knees. I thrust slowly inside of her from behind. It was her turn to moan. And when she moaned, Cindy moaned.

There we were. Me fucking Gwynn. Gwynn fucking Cindy. And Cindy lost in torrent of sensation, the pre-cursor to another incredible orgasm. Gwynn's pussy was wet, but it was tight. If felt so good consuming my cock. I thrust slow and deep at first. In, then very slowly out. At one point, Gwynn looked back and licked her lips at me. Cindy's juice was all over her face. I loved the taste of Cindy. Gwynn did too.

I thrust harder, and faster. Gwynn fingered Cindy, and sucked her clit. Cindy's breathing (and moaning) matched my pace fucking Gwynn. 

We were building to a shuttering orgasm. As my momentum built, Gwynn could not resist moaning. Her moaning tickled Cindy's clit. None of us could stop. I fucked Gwynn harder and faster. I was about to cum.

Cindy screamed "Oh God!"

The three of us all reached an incredible orgasm. I shot my load deep into Gwynn. At the same time, Cindy orgasmed in convulsions, her hips bucking against Gwynn's face. Gwynn lasted the longest, but I could feel her pussy pulsing with an orgasm squeezing on my cock. It seemed like it could not end. It was the most amazing few minutes of sex I had ever dreamed of. Cindy was spent, falling lifeless on the bed completely unable to make heads or tails of what had just happened. Gwynn was simply staring at Cindy and smiling.
