 <>If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website. 

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

*

Introduction

My name is...well name's not important. Call me Ishmael-nah, just kidding. You can call me Nick. But I'm not writing this to tell you about me. I'm writing this to tell you about my girls. These are the girls I've known, the girls I've loved. 

I'm a lucky man. I have a good life. I'm a musician. I've worked tours, studios, jingles, composing, songwriting, engineering and producing. My job is incredibly fun and I've made pretty good money at it. No, I'm not famous. Don't even ask. You wouldn't recognize my name if I told you. 

I've had the chance to see some amazing places and meet some amazing women along the way. I'm going to tell you about some of them-not all, but some. Over the years I've slept with about three hundred women. I'm not bragging or anything, I'm just trying to make a point. My point is that the stories here are based on those girls. Some of the stories are combinations of more than one girls' tale, but that's only to keep me from writing hundreds of stories. What you're about to read is based on true events. 

Whether you believe them or not doesn't make any difference to me. I got to live them so that's all I need. Now I'm an old married guy, middle age is slipping by and I'm just reminiscing about the girls I've known in my life. Don't get me wrong. I may not be chasing after girls anymore but I'm still a lucky man. I've spent over twenty years now with the same girl and I love it. I've never been happier and I've never been unfaithful. But every now and then I stop to remember....

*

It was just a regular Tuesday night. It wasn't anything special, we were doing our show and the crowd was drinking and dancing. Then I looked up at the bar and I saw her. Actually I saw them. By "them" I don't mean she and her girlfriend. I mean the pair of tits she had on her. 

Two girls were standing at the bar fending off the advances of one guys after another while we played. It was easy to see why they got so much attention. The first girl was 5'4" with a fine figure, a lovely face and long, straight black hair. The second girl (the one who caught my attention) was 5'8" with long curly blonde hair, a golden tan, and a face that would melt your heart. She also had a body living Barbie doll. Curves like that just couldn't be real.

When it came time for my solo I ran around the club like I usually did. I played for different people, jumped from table to chair and flirted with one girl after another. But with those two I stopped and rubbed up and down the first girl while I played my way up and down the neck. Then I hit a high note and held it while I turned to the second girl and kissed her. I don't know which of us was more surprised. 

Though I was a big ham and acted silly on stage, I was shy around most people. It wasn't like me to grab someone I didn't know for a kiss. But it was wonderful. With my guitar hanging by my side, I pulled her close. The crowd went crazy, screaming and yelling for more. I didn't want to let go of her and get back to the stage. The band kicked into the chorus to give me time to get back and we wailed through the rest of our set. 

When we were done, I looked for her in the crowd. I was so sure she'd be there, but I couldn't find her. Resigning myself to sleeping alone, I headed backstage to pack up my guitar and there she was. Her friend was on the phone, trying to get a cab and she was just staring off into the night. I had to say something now or I'd miss my chance.

"Hi. I'm Nick. How are you?"

She turned quickly and took half a step back as though she was frightened. When she recognized me, she relaxed and said, "Hi. I didn't expect to see you out here."

"Oh. Well, I'm sorry if I'm intruding but I just wanted to find you."

She tilted her head in the cutest way and said, "Why did you want to find us?"

Hesitantly I said, "Actually I was trying to find you. When I saw you earlier I...well, I don't know what I was thinking but I wanted to find you. What's going on?"

She smiled, then turned to look at her friend and said, "We came with a big group of people and now we don't have a way back to our hotel. They left to go to some party and we can't find them."

Taking my chance to be the hero I asked, "What hotel are you in? I give you a ride."

"No, we couldn't."

"I realize you don't really know me and the way I acted earlier..."

"No, that's not it. Before was...great. I loved it," she said. "It's just so too much trouble. We couldn't ask you to."

"No problem. You're not asking. I'm offering. I'm parked right down the street," I said. 

Through all this her friend was trying to keep up with her phone conversation and ours. "Hold on," she said, putting her hand over the phone. "I can't take this anymore." Pushing this beauty toward me she said, "Tracy, tell him 'Yes' and let's get out of here. But tell him where you really want to go."

"Shut up Janet. I'm not going to tell him that." Her face flushed lightly.

"Doesn't matter where you want or need to go. You're coming with me," I said. Taking the phone from Janet I hung it up and tried to give her a serious look. We couldn't hold back long before we were both smiling. "Come on."

Purses, girls, guitar and gig bag were stashed in the car in a minute and we headed off into the night. All the best hotels were on the west side, so I turned that way. "Tell me where you want to go. Where are you staying?" I asked. 

Janet answered. "We're in the Hilton but I want something to eat and to get some sleep. But this little chicken shit who doesn't have to guts to say it wants to go home with you."

"Janet! Shut up!" 

"You know you want to. Tell him."

Turning to me but looking at the floor Tracy said, "I'm sorry about her. She just says stuff without thinking and she's worse when she's drinking."

"Don't worry about it. Why don't we all start with something to eat and go from there?"

When that quieted them down I went on. "Uncle Tim can fix you almost anything you want and his place isn't far from here."

Tracy looked up and asked, "You want to take us to your uncle's house?"

"Are you talking about Uncle Tim's? Janet asked with a chuckle. "I heard about it. It's supposed to be one of the best little spots in town."

I said, "Yeah, it's great. He's not really my uncle. But he and my Dad grew up together so I've always called him Uncle Tim. In fact there were so many of us that called him 'Uncle' that he named his place that."

"Oh, that's cool. I want to meet your Uncle Tim and see his restaurant."

I wasn't entirely sure if she got it and the look Janet gave me in the mirror made me wonder even more. There was something going on here that I didn't know yet.

Uncle Tim's was the best breakfast place in town. No matter what time of day I dropped by either Tim, Uncle Nathan (his brother and partner) or both of them were always there. I never figured that out. Besides getting great food, you lay off a bet, play a little craps, hire some muscle, and more. I'd been there for the breakfast and the bookie, but never had any need of their other services. 

When I opened the car for Tracy she jumped out and gave me a hug. "I've got to find the little girl's room," she said and ran by me. 

Janet was still giving me a weird look so as I got the helped her out of the car I asked if she was okay. She said, "I'm fine, but you and I need to talk."

"Go for it," I said. 

"We came to town this weekend to find you," she said. 

"Why me?" I asked.

"Not you specifically, but somebody like you."

"Okay, now I'm even more confused, and maybe insulted. What's somebody like me and why do you need that?"

"I'm sorry. I'm not making any sense. This may take a while to explain," she said.

I called Uncle Nathan over and asked him to show Tracy around the place. He said he'd show her the pictures of the family and get her to help him pick out some songs on the jukebox. He gave me a serious look and asked, "Ya okay, Kid?"

"Yeah, no problems. We just need a minute." I introduced Janet and Nathan gave her a quick hug before he headed off to keep Tracy busy.

Once that was set Janet looked at me and said, "Okay. Let me start at the beginning. Tracy is 21 tomorrow-I mean today-and she's going to inherit some money. The thing is, she doesn't know anything about it. We work together at a truck stop out in the middle of nowhere between here and Memphis. When I first started waiting tables I worked with Tracy's mom. Tracy's mom got pregnant and all of us girls helped out because she had a hard time of it. Since her mom died a couple years ago, I've had Tracy living with me. Tracy is beautiful and sweet, but she's not the brightest girl around. She's okay but she trusts everybody and is easy to take advantage of.

"Three months ago some guy came around looking for her, but it was her day off. Everybody covered for her and after I convinced him to leave the papers he had for her with me. It turns out that Tracy's dad was some rich guy that dumped her mom when he found out she was pregnant. He never lifted a finger to help or gave them a penny. But when he died his estate left a trust fund for her. Someone was supposed to be giving her a little at a time for years now, but they didn't know where she was. Now that's she's 21 she gets the trust free and clear."

"That sounds great. I don't see a problem," I said. 

"The problem is Roy. Roy is this trucker that latched on to her before she turned eighteen and has been hound dogging around her ever since. It took him two years to get past me and screw her, but since then she's fallen under his spell. He messes with her head all the time. He gives her the attention she craves and then turns around to make her feel like crap. He's got her convinced that she's too stupid and too much trouble for anyone else to ever be interested in her and it's breaking my heart. 

"He's a trucker so he only comes around when he's passing through and then it's just to get a piece of ass and mess with my girl. It happens. We've all got guys we like to see roll into town if you know what I mean. But last week Roy's wife came by and threw a screaming raving fit when she found Tracy. She knew there was somebody, but she never had the balls to admit it. She met Roy the same way, waiting tables in Texarkana when Roy was still with his first wife. When Roy came by he fed Tracy a line of bullshit about the getting married as soon as he can get a divorce, but you know that's crap. And even if he does it, he'll cheat on Tracy. It's just a matter of time.

"After he'd shoveled out that bullshit, she forgave him. It broke my heart. I thought she'd finally get out and have a good life for herself. If she doesn't dump him or if he finds out about the money, he's going to make her life miserable. I need somebody to show her she's got more to offer than a big pair of tits and a piece of ass. To let her know she's not just a punching bag for Roy and I need it now. I need a guy like you who's a gentleman to show her she's worth something.

With a steely-eyed stare Janet finished by saying, "I'm willing to do anything you want to get this done. I want the best for that girl. She's like a daughter to me and I don't want anybody to fuck things up for her. If it costs money, I'll pay you. Just tell me what you want."

"First, I don't want your money. Second, I don't mess around with other guy's girls, so you've got to assure me that she and Roy are over."

"After the visit from his wife Tracy told him they need 'some time apart and to see other people,' and told him to leave her alone until she called him," she said.

"Third, I'm a little insulted. I didn't go over and kiss her just to get laid. I don't care if that part of this goes any further or not I just wanted a kiss. I may not have done it the right way, but I didn't mean to offend her or take advantage. Fourth, if you need to hire somebody to get Roy away and keep him away you want Uncle Tim or Nathan-not me. But if Roy's ever hit her, then I can tell you right now, I'll cover your tab with the uncles if there is one. They'll probably do it for free. I've heard of them doing it before. We don't put up with that kind of shit from anybody. Fifth, I'd like to have breakfast with a couple of beautiful women right now. Let's figure the rest out as it goes along."

Janet's eyes were the size of saucers by the time I'd finished. She was staring at me with that 'deer in the headlights' look. 

"Take a breath now. I'm going to go save Tracy before Uncle Nathan starts in on another story," I said as I got up.

Janet jumped up out of her chair and hugged me tight around the neck. "Thank you," she whispered. "Thank you."

"Hey. I thought you wanted to have breakfast with me," Tracy said. 

I untangled myself from Janet as politely as I could and stepped over to hug Tracy saying, "I do. But if a guy is lucky enough to find two beautiful ladies to hang out with, he's got to enjoy it while he can."

Tracy blushed and squeezed me just a little tighter than before. "That's nice. You're sweet," she said. 

Uncle Nathan was already bringing plates over for us. He pushed us all into a big booth setting me up with a girl on each side of me. He said, "I got you guys a little bit of everything. You better eat up, Kid, it's looks like you're gonna need it. And girls don't forget, if he isn't man enough to keep you girls happy, you know where to find me." The girls laughed as Nathan shuffled back to the kitchen. 

We dove into the food. We ate and talked for almost two hours. It wasn't long before we were laughing and joking around like old friends. These two made it easy. Years of working around truckers and having people pass in and out of their lives had given them the ability to open up and speak straight from the heart. That made it easy for me to open up to them too. 

As the sun started coming up, Uncle Tim came around behind the busboy checking up on us and flirting with the girls as shamelessly as Nathan had earlier. "Are you girls doing okay?" he asked. "I don't want the kid here to give you a bad impression of the family. If you need anything you call on me, okay?"

Janet teased him asking, "Are all the men in your family incredible flirts?"

Uncle Tim stopped dead and with a twinkle in his eye said, "Well, some people say we're good men, some people say we're bad men, but women just say we're incredible and leave it at that." 

That got a laugh from everybody in the place. Uncle Nathan came out to join us and said, "You guys had better get out of here before he gets started telling his stories. The morning rush will be starting in a couple of hours and we're gonna need the table."

As we got up I reached for my wallet as Janet reached for hers. Uncle Tim stopped me while Uncle Nathan took hold of Janet's wrist. "Your money's no good here. This is all the payment we need," Tim said as he hugged each of the girls and gave them a kiss on the cheek. Nathan followed right behind 'to collect their tip'. 

As we headed out the door Tim said, "You be good, boy."

"But if he's not, you know where to find me," Nathan added.

As I opened the car door for the girls I said, "I hope those two didn't embarrass you two.'

Janet laughed, "Are you kidding? That was great. I can see why you come here. Those two really love you, don't they?"

"Yeah, Nathan asked me if I was your girlfriend or wanted to be," added Tracy. "When I told me we'd just met he showed me pictures of your mom and dad, your uncles and aunts and told me all about your family, how much they all loved you, and what a great guy you are. He showed me pictures of you playing all over the country and pictures of the house you built. It was cool."

"Where's your house?" Janet asked.

"Oh, yeah," Tracy said. "Nathan said I should make you show it to me."

"Yeah, Nicky," Janet said in a sultry tone, "Take us home with you."

Tracy caught on to the game and rubbed her impressive chest against me as she said, "Why don't you let us come with you?"

She and Janet giggled at my embarrassment as my cock started to creep down the leg of my pants, leaving a tell-tale bulge as it hardened. 

Janet pushed Tracy's hand into my lap making her hand land on my hardening cock and said, "Yeah, Nick. If we promise to COME with you, will you TAKE us both?"

Tracy giggled in my ear and said, "Let's go play, Nick. It'll be fun."

I put the car in gear and tore out of the parking lot while there was still enough blood in my brain for it to function. Despite the distractions the two were or maybe because of it, I made it home in record time. 

Instead of pulling in the garage I parked out front when we got to the house. I wanted the girls to see the view. The driveway circled around the house and the front edge was just a few feet from a granite cliff about twenty feet high. Below the cliff waves from the lake lapped against the rocks. I knew from hiking the woods here before the lake was built that the water was about thirty feet deep at the base of the cliffs and it was a great spot for diving. From there you could see across the lake to the hotel the girls were staying in. 

Janet stepped out of the car and asked, "Is that our hotel?"

Tracy slid out of the car next to me and said, "It's beautiful."

"Yes, that's your hotel. And yes, it's beautiful. That's why I picked the spot. A lot of this land was in my family about three generations back. My grandmother told me about how they used to picnic here when my great-grandfather had a sawmill on this land. She always loved the view. When I heard it was for sale I had to get it back in our family. It seemed like the right thing to do. 

"She didn't like me traveling so much but she was happy I'd picked this spot for my home. Like she always said, 'It's a great place to come home to' and she was right. I built the house for just my son and I, so it's not too big, but it's just right for us. Come on, I'll show you around," I said.

My house was built to be self-sufficient and blend in with the woods around it. It had a grey stone exterior with a green metal roof. The evergreens and rocks that surrounded it made it almost disappear from view. 

As we toured the house, Janet got a call from their friends. When they woke up and realized that Janet and Tracy weren't at the hotel they started wondering what had happened. Janet filled them in and told them they'd all get together for dinner, but that some thing else had come up for today. 

I showed Janet and Tracy around the house ending with the guest room. By then the sun was up and I needed to get some sleep. I laid out towels for them in the guest bath and headed in to shower before I went to bed. 

The steamy hot water was washing the shampoo over my face when I felt a cool breeze. For a second I turned my face toward the door, but my eyes were closed. The shower spray on my back was interrupted as Tracy slipped in behind me. There was no mistaking those breasts as she moved up against me. 

"Tracy? What are you doing?" I asked.

"I'm a very dirty girl," she said giggling. "I need to clean up my act."

With a chuckle I said, "Oh, that's too bad. I like dirty girls." I said as I turned to kiss her. "You're gonna get soaking wet."

"I hope so," she said. Leaving me with my back to the showerhead, she let the water run down and my chest as she licked and sucked on my nipples and worked her way down my body. She dropped to her knees in front of me and took my hardening cock in her mouth. 

Her mouth and hands moved up and down my rod with practiced precision. In no time at all I was ready to come. I wanted to hold back but when I told her I was going to shoot, she said, "I'll bet your come's delicious," and took me back in her mouth. 
