 If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website. 

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

*

Introduction

My name is...well name's not important. Call me Ishmael-nah, just kidding. You can call me Nick. But I'm not writing this to tell you about me. I'm writing this to tell you about my girls. These are the girls I've known, the girls I've loved. 

I'm a lucky man. I have a good life. I'm a musician. I've worked tours, studios, jingles, composing, songwriting, engineering and producing. My job is incredibly fun and I've made pretty good money at it. No, I'm not famous. Don't even ask. You wouldn't recognize my name if I told you. 

I've had the chance to see some amazing places and meet some amazing women along the way. I'm going to tell you about some of them-not all, but some. Over the years I've slept with about three hundred women. I'm not bragging or anything, I'm just trying to make a point. My point is that the stories here are based on those girls. Some of the stories are combinations of more than one girls' tale, but that's only to keep me from writing hundreds of stories. What you're about to read is based on true events. 

Whether you believe them or not doesn't make any difference to me. I got to live them so that's all I need. Now I'm an old married guy, middle age is slipping by and I'm just reminiscing about the girls I've known in my life. Don't get me wrong. I may not be chasing after girls anymore but I'm still a lucky man. I've spent over twenty years now with the same girl and I love it. I've never been happier and I've never been unfaithful. But every now and then I stop to remember....

*

When people go to a convention, they act as thought they have a license to do whatever they want. The nurses at the hotel for the weekend were worse than most. The later it got, the wilder they got. They were drunk and loud and neither was attractive to me. 

One more set and I'd be through for the night so I could get out of here. There was a table in the middle of the bar that I'd avoided for the last couple of ours. Eight women were drinking and laughing around the table. Every few minutes they'd yell out a number and then drink a toast to that number. I didn't know what was going on, but to get back onstage I had to go by them. 

As I passed them someone grabbed my coat tail and pulled me backward. Over my shoulder I saw a tall, beautiful brunette with flawless bone structure was holding onto me. She said, "Wait a minute. We can't see your butt with this in the way."

"Oh, really? That's too bad," I responded. "Why do you want to?"

"We haven't had a chance to rate you yet," she said flipping my jacket up to my waist. "What do you think girls? I'd say nine or ten. At least eight."

With a laugh I turned and said, "How can you tell from back there? Besides, I'm not even hard yet." She gasped as I kissed her cheek and walked away. Howls of laughter and calls to come back followed me as I headed for the stage. 

When my set was over she was there waiting for me at the edge of the stage. It didn't make sense. She didn't need to be work so hard to get laid. I didn't usually notice wedding rings, but a rock the size of hers was hard to miss. 

"You're something else," she said. "I just wanted to know if...."

"Hold on before you say anything else. I'd like to hear the rest of that sentence, but it would probably be too tempting for me to resist. You are so beautiful that it's hard for me to look at you and say this-but I don't date married women," I said interrupting. 

She chuckled and said. "I had a feeling about you and I was right. That's the most gentlemanly thing anyone's said to me in a while. But you've got it wrong. It's not for me. I wanted to give you my daughter's number. I think you'd like her."

"Your daughter? You're not interested yourself?" Grabbing her around her slim waist I pulled her close to crush her substantial chest against mine. "Besides, don't mothers try to keep their daughters away from musicians?" I asked smiling.

"Yes, yes, and yes." Looking at me intensely she went on, "But I have a beautiful 21 year-old daughter who doesn't know how fantastic she is. I think you're just what she needs to shake her up a bit. At least say hello."

She turned her head to look at the bar across the room. There was a tall, beautiful brunette sitting at the corner of the bar, her purse in her hands and her feet on the floor. She looked like she was ready to make a run for it. "Wow. Is that...."

"Yeah, that's my Sue Ann."

The name seemed impossibly sweet and innocent for such a bombshell. Long, toned legs went up and up and up to perfectly rounded hips. The tiny black skirt she wore begged to be ripped away to reveal the treasures inside. A wasp thin waist only added to the overwhelming affect of breasts that thrust out under a pale gray sheer blouse. A black vest topped off her outfit. She looked like she'd just stepped off the cover of a magazine. 

"Sue Ann? She's...."

"Not what you expected. I know. If a mom has to fix her little girl up, she must not be much, huh? Well, as you can see, that's not the case here." She tugged at my arm and said, "Come on. Come say hello."

Any description I offer will seem as though I'm exaggerating, but here goes. Like her mother, Sue Ann was tall (5'10") slim, with full rounded hips and a face that would make models and actresses run to the plastic surgeon in a fit of envy. Her impossibly clear light complexion was carved into beautiful delicate features, highlighted by full red lips. When I looked into her eyes-she had me. Those big, blue eyes are beyond my ability to describe. They were so innocent, sweet and enticing I was lucky she was shy. If I stared into her eyes for too long, I wouldn't be able to form a complete sentence. 

Carolyn (Sue Ann's mom) talked like we were old friends and dominated the conversation. Sue Ann was shy and quiet and I was too much in awe to stop Carolyn as she went on. Before I knew what was happening, Carolyn was getting the two of us a taxi to take us out for breakfast. Carolyn headed back to her room and left us aone.

As the cab pulled away Sue Ann said to me, "I know how pushy Mom can be. You don't have to take me out if you don't want to."

"Are you kidding?"

"Well, I don't want you to feel you have to."

"Sue Ann, I have to. I have to get to know you. I have to find out more about you. I'm sorry if I'm stumbling over myself here but I'm not used to being with a girl as devastatingly beautiful as you." She blushed as I went on. "Plus I'm starving. I've had a long night. Please come have breakfast with me."

Shyly she shrugged and said, "Okay."

Breakfast lasted longer than I would have thought possible. I remember a swirl of people around us with plates coming and going but that's about all I can remember. The only thing that sticks in my mind is Sue Ann. Her eyes were big and bright even after a night out with her mom and the nurses. 

Sue Ann's voice had a child-like quality that reminded me of a 50's era sex kitten. Smiles were hard to coax out of her at first, but the effect made each one worth the effort. Her laugh made the whole room turn to find the source. It was infectious, lilting, and made everyone smile. When they saw Sue Ann the men in the room got simultaneous smiles and erections. 

We talked about everything and nothing. It wasn't long before I felt like we'd known each other for years. Nothing was off limits. I don't know how we both overcame our shyness. Maybe we saw the same timid nature in each other. Or maybe we were just so attracted to the other we had to go for it. It didn't matter at the time and I guess it doesn't matter much now.

After breakfast I took her down to the Promenade. It's a brick-lined walk through the old part of the city. I'd found it a few days before and fallen in love with the way the sun would peek through the trees at dawn. It was my favorite place in the city and a great place to unwind if I couldn't sleep. A slow walk through and I was ready for bed.

"You must be exhausted. Do you want me to take you back to your hotel?" I asked.

Sue Ann swung out of my arms and started walking backward in front of me. "Yeah-no. Ummm.... What are you going to do now?" 

"I've got to get some sleep. It's been a long night."

She smiled and grabbed my hand, pulling it between her full breasts. "That'd be good. Let's go sleep. Take me home."

"What hotel..."

"No," she said lifting her mouth to mine for a soft kiss. "Take me home with you." 

We kissed lightly as we stepped into the bedroom. She unbuttoned my shirt but kept avoiding my attempts to undress her. One look from those big, blue eyes made me follow her lead. My coat and pants were hung on the valet already and my shoes and socks seemed to have disappeared before she started on my shirt. As she got down to the last buttons she slipped behind me to take it off. "Go ahead and get into bed. I'll be right back," she said as she pressed against me.

Before I could turn around she was half way down the hall with my shirt waving behind her like a flag. The soft bedding of my old four-poster was particularly inviting after such a long night. A quick glance made sure the heavy curtains would keep the morning sun from disturbing us. I'd never felt so comfortable with someone so quickly before. Settling in I wondered if she was trying to con me. But sleep was quick to come and everything but her beauty was driven out of my mind. 

A soft warm naked body was pressed against me. Long dark hair lay across my chest. Something warm and wet was rubbing against my thigh. I wasn't still asleep but I wasn't awake yet. Stuck in that place between the two I thought I was still dreaming. A warm hand rubbed lower and lower on my stomach. Slowly it slid down to tease my rock-hard cock with a delicate touch.

Smiling at me with sleepy eyes she said, "Hi. How are you doing?"

Breathlessly I said, "Great. How about you?"

With a thoughtful look Sue Ann said, "I haven't felt so relaxed and comfortable in a long time. I like this."

"Good 'cause I like it too. Do you want to sleep or do you want to play?" I asked.

Innocently she asked, "Play what?" 

"Well, you could keep playing with my cock like that, or we could find something else to do. What do you think?"

"Hmmm. I don't know. What do you want to do?" she asked.

"What you're doing feels very good and we could try to find other things that felt good too. I'm sure I could find something you'd like just as much as I like that. But I'd really like to lie here and let you keep doing that for a while and see where it leads," I said.

"Then you should do that, just lie back and let's see where it leads."

I lay there letting her tease and play with my hard cock until the sensations were overpowering. I desperately needed the rest and was so relaxed I let her just have her way. I gave her the chance to be as active or passive as she wanted-for a while. 

Somewhere in the back of my head was the voice of a horny little guy who was going crazy. Here was this beautiful, willing woman in my bed, and I was too sleepy to do anything about it. I had to sleep but he wanted to get laid. Ultimately I knew he'd win out and he did. 

After we shared a quick nap, we kissed and explored each other's body. I was fascinated by how she could be so trim and fit while being so curvy and busty. As crass at it was I asked her how big her chest was. She was a 32DD. This girl had the waif thin body of a model and the chest of a porn star. It was a lethal combination. 

But more than anything her eyes were captivating. Her mouth made me want to spend the rest of my life kissing her, but her eyes... She caught me staring and asked, "What's wrong?"

"Nothing. Nothing's wrong," I said. "You're perfect. From a distance you look elegant and refined. Then up close you're sweet, innocent and demure. You're open and honest and willing to talk about anything. Plus, your eyes are the most beautiful I've ever seen. They hold all those qualities-the elegance, the innocence, the openness-they're simply breathtaking."

"And that's why you had to get to know me, huh? My eyes, not my tits?" she challenged.

"Oh, you have beautiful tits. I want to spend a long time playing with your tits, but I'm going to stare at your eyes for a while before I get there," I responded.

She stared at me with narrow eyes for a moment, gauging my answer to figure out if I was lying. Tilting her head to one side, she smiled and said, "You mean that, don't you?"

"Yes, I do."

With a chuckle she said, "Most guys never even see my eyes. They talk to my chest all the time." She wasn't the first girl to tell me that and she wouldn't be the last.

"That's their loss," I said emphatically. "They're missing out."

I took Sue Ann's hair in my hand and pulled her to me for a long, deep kiss. I made her kiss me then lie back to let her bury her face in my neck. She kissed my neck and chest and played with my cock. When she came up for air I could see the flush of desire on her face. Still holding her hair, I kissed her again then pushed her head down, down guiding her lips over my chest and belly until she took my cock in her hot, wet mouth.

Sue Ann was a timid girl. Despite her beauty she lacked confidence and had low self-esteem. But she wanted approval and was eager to please. Given direction or a task to perform, she threw herself into in completely. Sucking me off was no exception. I told her what I wanted and she made love to my cock as if it were the source of all pleasure for her. It certainly was for me. 

She licked up and down the shaft, flicking her tongue along my length as delicately as her fingertips had moved up and down it before. She lightly stroked her soft little hand up and down, teasing me with her fingertips as she teased me with her mouth. In the mirror across the room I could see she had spread her legs and was teasing her pussy with the same light touch. I couldn't reach between her legs to help her, so I cupped one of her heavy tits in my hand and played with it as she sucked me off.

I watched her for a moment before I said, "You like that don't you?"

"Mm-hmm," was the only reply she could make with her mouth full of my cock, but it was enough. I knew the answer before I asked, but the vibration of her lips and tongue on me were incredible. I wanted more.

"You're a good little cocksucker, aren't you?"

"Mm-hmm."

"You love having a nice hard cock to play with and tease and suck, don't you?"

"Mm-hmm."

This was getting good. Each response sent another jolt of pleasure into my cock and balls as her lips vibrated against the sensitive shaft. "You like to play with your sweet little pussy and tease it while you suck my cock, don't you?"

"Mm-hmm."

"Do you want me to play with these beautiful tits of yours while you suck me?

"Mm-hmm."

"Good. 'Cause I'm going to play with your tits and fuck your face with my cock while you to fuck your tight little cunt with your fingers. Okay?"

She hesitated for just a second while that sank in, then I heard, "Mm-hmm."

"Good girl. I want you to shove your fingers in and out of your hot little pussy as I shove my cock in and out of your hot little mouth. It'll feel like I'm fucking you at both ends at once. Wanna try it?"

"Mm-hmm."

I could feel her tense up. She knew I was in control now, but didn't know if I would be gentle. I wasn't going to be rough, but there'd be no doubt that I was in charge. I let her lips just brush against the head of my cock as I said, "As my cock slides into your mouth I want you to slide your fingers inside. I want you to fuck your pussy as I fuck your mouth. Are you ready." 

"Mm-hmm."

"Then do it. Now." With that I let her head slide down taking me deep. I watched her in the mirror as she mimicked the motion with her hand, shoving a finger deep into that pretty pussy at the same time. I pulled her up and her finger came out. I pushed her down and her finger went in. Up and down, in and out, she kept the two moving as one. 

I let her take control, letting her fuck her face with my dick. "Oh yeah. That's so good. Keep it up. Keep fucking your face, you sweet little cocksucker," I said. "But I don't think that one finger of yours compares to the size of my cock. I think you need to put another in you too."

A second digit joined the first in her pussy, spreading the lips a bit more and making her moan deeper as she said, "Mm-hmm."

"Yes. Do it, girl. Fuck yourself. Fuck your mouth and your pussy," I told her. "Do you want to use three fingers?"

A third finger slipped in beside the other two as she said, "Mm-hmm."

"Or do you want all four in that hot, hungry little cunt of yours?"

As she spread her pussy lips wide for me and put her slim pinky inside with her other fingers, her lips vibrated around me pushing me almost past the point of no return as she answered with a long, low moan. "Mmmmm-hmmmm."

I let her suck me in and out of her mouth and fuck her pussy with her whole hand for a couple of strokes, then I sat up. Pulling her mouth off me, I kissed her hard, taking her breath away. Moving between her legs I could see her still shoving her fingers in and out of her greedy little pussy. 

Kneeling over her I said, "You want to get fucked now, don't you?"

"Mm-hmmm."

"Good, 'Cause I'm going to fuck that little pussy of yours." Saying that, I put her knees over my shoulders and rubbed the head of my cock against the back of her fingers. Then grabbing her hand, I replaced it with my cock as I buried it deep in her pussy. Shoving into her in one, long, hard, deep thrust I made her moan and whine as I stretched her tight little pussy. Until that moment I didn't know how accurate a description that was. She had the tightest pussy I'd ever been known. 

I took a few girls' virginities but I've never had a pussy as tight. It was amazing. Here was this girl who towered over most women with a cunt as tight as a fist. It squeezed me so tightly that I had to force my way in with every stroke. I thought she would relax or loosen up, but in all the time I knew her, she was always tight.

"You love this don't you?"

"Mm-hmmm."

"You love it when I force my long thick cock into your tight little pussy, don't you?"

"Mm-hmmm."

We were both enjoying this game. "You probably want to come all over my cock while it's buried deep in you, don't you?"

"Mm-hmmm. Mm-hmmm. Mm-hmmm." Now she was letting out little moaning replies with every hard impact of my pelvis against hers. 

"Then come for me-come for me right now!" I shouted as I shoved my rod all the way into her hungry clasping pussy. Into her to the root of my cock, I erupted inside her tight little passage, flooding her with a huge load of come. 

She squealed and cried out under me as her pussy responded to my onslaught with an ejaculation of it's own. Grinding hard against me, her arms and legs pulled me in as tightly as her cunt. It was as though her whole body was grasping at me, sucking me into her just like her pussy and mouth had. In the aftermath we lay in each other's arms exchanging soft kisses and tender words.

Looking down on this incredible girl, I knew I didn't want this to end. I said, "That was fun, wasn't it?"

She smiled and said, "Mm-hmmm."

"Do you want some more?" I asked as I flexed my still hard cock inside her.

Her eyes opened wide when she realized I was still hard as a rock. "Mm-hmmm," she said.

I curled up behind her and spooned her so I could see us in the mirror across the room. Lifting one leg up to rub my cockhead against her lips I teased her saying, "You like me taking control of you and just using you for my pleasure, don't you?"
