 If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website. 

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

*

My name is...well name's not important. Call me Ishmael-nah, just kidding. You can call me Nick. But I'm not writing this to tell you about me. I'm writing this to tell you about my girls. These are the girls I've known, the girls I've loved. 

I'm a lucky man. I have a good life. I'm a musician. I've worked tours, studios, jingles, composing, songwriting, engineering and producing. My job is incredibly fun and I've made pretty good money at it. No, I'm not famous. Don't even ask. You wouldn't recognize my name if I told you. 

I've had the chance to see some amazing places and meet some amazing women along the way. I'm going to tell you about some of them-not all, but some. Over the years I've slept with about three hundred women. I'm not bragging or anything, I'm just trying to make a point. My point is that the stories here are based on those girls. Some of the stories are combinations of more than one girls' tale, but that's only to keep me from writing hundreds of stories. What you're about to read is based on true events. 

Whether you believe them or not doesn't make any difference to me. I got to live them so that's all I need. Now I'm an old married guy, middle age is slippling by and I'm just reminiscing about the girls I've known in my life. Don't get me wrong. I may not be chasing after girls anymore but I'm still a lucky man. I've spent over twenty years now with the same girl and I love it. I've never been happier and I've never been unfaithful. But every now and then I stop to remember....

My Girl-Carmen

There were three reasons that Carmen was different than any girl I'd ever been with. One reason was that she had a reputation. The other two were her boobs. They were the biggest I'd ever seen in my life. I knew I wasn't her first and I wouldn't be her last. In fact I wasn't in the first dozen, but I didn't care because she was hot. 

As usual, even though it would have been easy (since she was), I was too timid to make a move. She started things off by asking if my band would back her up for a couple of showcase at a local club. That worked for me. This show was supposed to be her big break and I wanted a reason to spend some time with her, so I said yes. 

Carmen was a big girl in every way. She blossomed early and by the time we got together, she wore custom made bras that were somewhere over double H's. At 5'10" she was almost my height in her ever present heels, she had naturally platinum blonde hair, light-almost translucent skin, and palest grey eyes. Though time and gravity would eventually take their toll, when I knew her she had an hourglass figure that was fantastic. 

We were finishing rehearsal one day when she asked me to hang out. I said sure and we took off. I followed her directions out to a spot by the lake. I kept looking for a view of the lake, or a way to the beach or something, but couldn't see a thing through the tress around us. 

She said, "Pull over here," and I did. 

When I turned around, she was already stepping out of the car. I got out to witness a sight that I'll never forget. She stood next to the car and stripped completely then slipped into the back seat. For a moment I didn't know what to do. 

Then she said, "Get back in here." So I did. "We've got to get you naked. Come on." And she started pulling off my clothes. 

While I took off my shirt, she shucked off my boots. Grabbing my belt she said, "I hate stripping in a car. Plus I always like to take a look around first just to be careful, if you know what I mean."

I had no idea but I said, "Yeah, I do."

From the time she first lifted her shirt, I'd been hard as stone. So, when she got my pants down, my cock stuck straight up, throbbing in the afternoon sun.

"What I heard about you is true. We should have done this a long time ago," she said as she leaned down to give me a long slow lick from the balls up. Stretching her lips around the head, she moaned as her mouth slid down. I moaned along with her and reached down to play with her hair. After hours or minutes or seconds of this exquisite sensation, she leaned back, still staring at my cock. 

"God, I can't even reach around it. My fingers don't even touch."

I knew what she meant. I'd never taken a gym class or anything so I didn't have any idea of how other guys were built, but I knew my own dick intimately. Just a fraction of an inch short of 8", I was very, very thick. But not my whole cock was like that. It didn't look like a beer can it was more contoured. 

Lots of girls commented how beautiful it was, but I figured that was just something that they said in the heat of the moment. The head is tapered a bit like a blunted arrowhead. The rim of the crown flares out with a curl at the back. Behind the head the shaft spreads out and flattens like the neck of a cobra just below it's hood. Then the shaft rounds out at the base. The base is as thick as the top of the shaft, but it's not as wide. 

Years later I met a girl named Suzanne who was obsessed with playing with my cock. She would have my lie back while she ran her fingertips along the length. With her head on my stomach she would rub it all over her face or wrap her hand around me and jack me off. She liked seeing it from the same angle I did when I jerked off. 

Once when she was playing with me she measured it and that's when I learned how long it is. Then she started rattling off the information from the Kinsey Report and Masters & Johnson, telling me that not only was it bigger than average, but it was the biggest one she ever had. But, according to her, it wasn't the length that made it feel so good inside her...it was the width. Plus she said when she looked down at her hand and her fingers couldn't reach around the width of the shaft, it made a big impression. 

She spent some time thinking about it and working this out. She said that the flatter part of the shaft spread her lips as it went in, opening her up and exposing her clit. Then when I was all the way in, her lips were spread apart so she could grind her clit against the rounder part of the shaft. That and the ability to come two or three times without getting soft made me the best she'd ever had. I thought all guys were like me and could come two or three times when they got hard. I didn't know any different.

Over and over again girls had told me I was the best they'd ever had. But I thought that was just talk. Here I'd found someone who not only said that, but had done the research to figure out why. After I read up on it I realized she wasn't just stroking my ego while she was stroking my cock. Maybe she was right. 

The other thing she liked about my cock was watching it get hard. I was a "grower" not a "shower" she said. She said that some guys are almost the same length when they're hard as when they're soft, their cocks just firm up without changing much in size. Other guys (like me) aren't very big at all when they were soft, but grow in length and width as they get hard. Guys like me look a little more like Michelangelo's David than a porn star until we get hard. Suzanne loved to wear me out, then lie there and play with my cock, teasing it back to full hardness. But enough about Suzanne-let's get back to Carmen.

I didn't know all this when I was with Carmen. All I knew was that she liked my cock and wanted me to fuck her with it. That sounded good to me. She pulled me on top of her as she lay back on the seat. She put a foot on the back of each seat and spread her legs wide open. I was staring at her beautiful blonde bush. By now I'd learned a little about eating pussy, so I dove in for a quick taste. She was soaking wet, dripping for me, so I stuck my tongue in as far as I could and fucked her with it.

Unintelligible moans punctuated her call as she cried out, "Oh, tongue me. Fuck me with your mouth...eat me!"

I did just that. But I had some fucking to do and a cock that couldn't wait to get started. I kissed up her stomach, between her huge tits, stopped for a quick nibble on each nipple, buried my face in her neck for just a moment, then gave her a long deep kiss as I sank my cock into her. 

"Oh, hell yes. Fuck me."

Developing so young, she'd been the target for more than one guy when she was just a kid. Between her size and experience, she wasn't tight...but she was hot. She was so hot and wet it was like sticking my dick into a furnace. Then once I was all the way in her, she clamped down hard. With well-honed skill she squeezed my cock in her pussy. That's the way she liked to fuck, wide open as I thrust in, then tight as a drum when I pulled out. 

I stroked in and out reveling in the feeling and watching her big tits bounce a bit more with each thrust. Little whimpers started to build into moans, then groans as she got closer and closer to coming. Harder and harder I thrust until I was pounding into her, Hair whipping side to side, huge mounds of tits bouncing wildly, she screamed and gushed her come over my shaft and balls.

Without letting her catch her breath, I turned her over and pulled her ass cheeks apart to fuck her from behind. Lining up my cock head I sank into her still quivering pussy. She wailed and came again so I reached under her and grabbed her tits while I fucked her hard and fast. Our moans combined with the sound of flesh slapping together as I came in her. But I didn't stop. I kept pounding her through two more orgasms until I unloaded in her a second time triggering another orgasm for her. I fell back against the car door, trying to catch my breath. She spun around and sucked my cock in her mouth like she was starving for it. 

"You're still hard," she said breathlessly. "I want more. Give me more."

I pushed her up so I could stretch out and said, "Get up here and ride me." 

With a wanton smile she said, "My pleasure." 

As her big, heavy tits jiggled in front of me, I pulled her down and kissed her. Trailing kisses up her neck to her ear I whispered, "You have the most beautiful eyes and the sexiest mouth I've ever seen." 

She pushed back and sat up pining me down lightly with her hands on my chest. "What? What did you say?"

"I said 'You have the most beautiful eyes and the sexiest mouth I've ever seen.' What's wrong? Did I say something wrong?"

"No...it's okay," she said. "It's just that guys always tell me how much they love my tits and you haven't said anything about them. You're talking about my eyes and mouth."

"Oh, you have great tits, but what got me first was your mouth, then your eyes. I like your tits. Hell, I love your tits and I plan on loving them a great deal. But when I think of you the first things that come to mind are your mouth and eyes." 

As I told her this I ran my hand up her sides and hefted the weight of those big beautiful breasts in my hands. Feeling the weight of them against my palms, I watched them bulge over the edges of my hands. Then letting them go, I slid my hands up her neck to caress her face. I pulled her down and kissed her deeply. "How could anyone not be mesmerized by these lips and captivated by your eyes?" I said as she began to grind against me. 

"I'm gonna fuck you like you've never been fucked before," she whispered to me. 

"Good. Do it."

She began writhing on me clenching and unclenching her pussy around my cock. After she shuddered through another orgasm, she said, "Watch what I can do with my mouth." 

She pushed me down as I leaned up to kiss her and said, "Just watch."

Then she lifted her tits and played with them. Riding my cock with her talented cunt, she cupped her huge tits, stroking them, teasing the nipples with her fingers, pinching them and twisting them on and on. Then with eyes locked, she tilted her head down and licked her nipples, first one and then the other. "Do you like that?"

Unable to speak, I nodded. "Then you're gonna love this," she said. And she sucked on long fat nipple into her mouth. Closing her eyes and shuddering slightly I felt her pussy gush with wetness around me. Then she did it all again with her other breast. "I love sucking my tits...don't you? Or do you want to watch me suck them?"

Never having seen anything like this before and not being able to string together words, I nodded. "Well, which is it? Do you want to suck my tits, or do you want to watch me do it?", she asked coyly.

"Both." 

"Good answer," she said giggling. "Then you'll get your turn in a minute. It's my turn right now."

"Okay."

Playing with her big tits was a much fun for her as it was for guys. Licking and nibbling led to her sucking and biting. She liked to suck the nipple in and then stretch it out holding the full weight of her huge tit with just her lips or teeth until she let the nipple pop free from her mouth. She squeezed her huge tits together and got the nipples side by side. She flicked her tongue back and forth over the two of them, and then sucked them both into her mouth together. 

By this point I was losing my mind. I grabbed her tits and pulled them to my mouth, one then the other. Copying her technique, I kissed, licked, sucked and bit them until we were grinding against each other and coming again. 

Trying to cool off and catch our breath, we cracked open the steamed up window. As we did we heard the crunch of gravel from the road. A car was very slowly pulling up by us. Grabbing an old blanket off the floor I rolled us over to slip down between the front and back seats and pulled it completely over us. 

"Looks like we've got a couple of lovebirds here, doesn't' it?"

"I guess so, Billy Bob."

We both knew these guys. There were dozens of stories about these two park rangers hassling people they caught parking. I didn't want to be one of those stories so I whispered to Carmen, "Sorry, about this. I know the floor's dirty, but lie real still. I'm going to try to keep us from getting hassled here. Just lie still and don't move no matter what happens."

As Carmen nodded I reach out and pulled my backpack and some loose trash from around us and laid them on the blanket. I hoped having them on my back would make us look like a pile of trash instead of people. 

"They must be out in the woods somewhere, Johnny. Their clothes are here but they could have changed into swimsuits. There's just a pile of crap in the car.", Billy Bob said as he stuck his head in and poked me with his nightstick. 

I thought he heard me gasp as he jabbed me in the ribs and kidneys, but he didn't. 

"Why don't we have something to eat while we wait for them?"

"Good idea. There's nothing else going on", Johnny answered. "Sooner of later they got to come back."

Just then the radio in the car crackled to life and both men swore under their breath. 

"Come on, Billy Bob. Sounds like we've got work to do. Just remember the car, we'll get 'em another time."

I don't' think I took a breath until the sound of their car was gone. 

"Shit. That was fun. All of it," Carmen said as she slid over to kiss me. "But let's get the hell out of here before they come back."

"Hell yeah," I said dressing as fast as I could. 

Sitting back in the front seat we kissed again and she said, "We've got to do this again...real soon."

"But someplace a little more private next time, huh?" I said laughing. 

Johnny and Billy Bob pulled us over as we drove back into town. No matter how they tried they couldn't break Carmen's story of us sunbathing in the woods. To be honest I think they couldn't focus well when she leaned over me, flashing her considerable cleavage while she talked to them. I know there was no blood left in my brain with those huge tits resting in my lap, so I couldn't imagine those two idiots coming up with a coherent thought. 

As we drove off, it hit me how close we'd been to getting busted and I couldn't stop laughing. Next thing I know, Carmen's laughing so hard I thought she was going to fall off the car seat. One stupid joke after another had us laughing all the way into town.

We got together more than once in safer and more private places. As these things go, eventually we got distracted and moved on. But I'll never forget it. Even now thinking about that day with Carmen still gets me hard and makes me laugh.