 Standing in my girlfriend's kitchen, we packed her belongings and wiped out the cupboards. There were moments of conversation, but more times of deafening silence with the sound of dishes the only reminder we were there. 

We have known one another since high school. A week after her fortieth birthday she told me her husband accepted a job across the country. That shock sent an emotional tidal wave through my body. I have always viewed her as wild and sassy, a true Mexican spitfire. She has always been the wild one of our friendship, while I lived vicariously through her escapades. We're both about 5'4" but built quite differently. She buys Levi's because of her thin hips, while I have a rounded figure. What she lacks in ass she makes up in tits. On several occasions I admired her body, but kept it to myself and offered joking remarks to her about it. 

"So when are you leaving?"

"Three weeks."

"You're packing early."

"I have the entire house to do, I don't want caught at the last minute."

"I understand."

I kept working as we spoke, but I felt tears welling in my eyes. I didn't want her to see me because I knew this move was just as hard for her. I didn't want to make it any worse. As I stood there working I thought back over all the years we have known one another, 26 total. We both married and had kids. Even when life got busy we still found time to call occasionally. Our contact was not always constant, but even after six months of living life we knew we could pick up the phone and call one another like no time had passed. 

"Did you get the pans under the stove?"

"Huh?"

"You need to clean out your ears girl." She chuckled.

I couldn't resist laughing with her. "What did you say bitch?"

Her contagious laughter flowed, "You are the only person I have ever allowed to call me that." 

I looked at her with a soft smile, "I know."

"What am I going to do without you so close?"

I saw the mood on her face change quickly. Never one to allow anyone to see her emotions, she had always had that freedom with me for some reason. 

"I'm sure you will find an innocent white girl to corrupt in California."

"You know what I mean."

"Yeah, I do. We can still talk on the phone like we do now."

"But, I won't be able to jump in my car and drive to see you whenever I want."

"I know, but there isn't really any alternative."

"You're right, you're always right. Even when I have one of my dumbass attacks and rant like a fucking wild woman you always bring me back to earth. You're like my base. You know what I'm sayin'?"

"I know honey."

Without another word we went back to work. I knew her mind was running rampant about things that needed done. I also knew she was sad that we were going to be so far apart. After all these years of being friends it almost felt like we had taken it for granted, until now. 

When we met my parents didn't approve of her, she was Mexican, I was white. She was always in trouble. I always tried to be good. Inwardly I had always admired her strength and yet when she was upset or hurting she called me for strength. Early on I knew she trusted me more than anyone in her life, something that was very rare for someone that had grown up hard and fast.

"Do you remember the first time you got in trouble with me?"

I laughed, "Yeah."

"You came to baby-sit with me and that girl down the street was so jealous that you were hangin' out with me."

"Yes, she was."

"If I would have known she was peeking in the windows I wouldn't have rolled that doobie and gotten you in trouble with your parents."

"It all worked out in the end, but you did play into the reason my parents didn't want me around your Mexican ass."

"Haha, yeah. I really did feel bad, but yanno I thought it was cool that you keep being my friend even when your parents didn't want you to."

"Someone had to keep your ass straight. It was my only shot at sainthood."

She threw a kitchen sponge at me, soaking wet. It landed with a thud on the cupboard door, just narrowly missing my head. Her laughter filled the kitchen. Snatching it up, I turned and prepared to launch it back but she ducked in the nick of time, laughing and dancing around, taunting me.

All the years of watching how sexy she is filled my senses. She was and is the proverbial Latina Lover. So many times I had listened to her recant moments that she had seen a hot guy in a club and seduced him. She could sell ice to an Eskimo, she was so hot, but it was always on her terms. If anyone got too close to her, or she felt herself getting too close to them she severed all ties. That was how our friendship evolved over the years. Many times I didn't hear from her for months, but she always knew where I was when she needed me. I gave her space, as she always says.. something she has always needed.

Her long black curly hair was up in a clip. A pair of shorts and a t-shirt danced with her body as she jumped about taunting me to come get the sponge and try again. Her 36C tits jiggled under her t-shirt, drawing my attention. My strong Latina girlfriend that could kick ass like no bodies business stood taunting me, and all I could do was look at her tits.

"Come on white girl, you 'fraid o' this?"

I struggled hard with my emotions. We always joked around like this but damn I was having a hard time today. Turning back to the cupboard I started pulling things out to put in a box. She quit hopping around and grew quiet. 

"Are you ok?"

"Yeah."

"No you're not. Talk to me girl."

"Maybe later."

"No, you WILL talk to me NOW."

I recognized that voice all too well; it was the voice that demanded response. She wasn't angry with me; it was just her way of telling me she meant business. I tried so hard to speak but my eyes welled up and my throat constricted. How was I going to make it without her? For all the differences in our lives, our friendship had defied the odds. She was the rebel; I was the good girl. She was Mexican; I was white. She was tossed from family member to family member; I always lived with my parents. She had such a hard outer shell; I always walked away from a fight. She always told me I trusted people too easily; she was completely opposite. Ironically, the one thing we shared in common, was trust. 

Her hand touched my shoulder. "Come on, stand up a minute."

I stood and tried to hide my tears but she held my face in her hands and turned it toward her. "Awww, you're cryin'."

"Yeah, I know, pretty white of me isn't it."

"Nah, not white baby. It just shows me how much you care."

"I know you think crying is a sign of weakness."

"Sometimes, yes but sometimes we can't help it."

"You're the only person I ever cry around."

"I know and I feel honored."

"It will be ok. We'll be ok."

"I need to talk to you."

"We are talking."

"No, I think we need to sit down and talk."

"About what?"

"Just sit down please."

She grew troubled when she looked at me, knowing whatever I had to say was important because I never told her what to do like that. We sat at the kitchen table; she sat at the end while I sat at the side just around the corner from her. 

"What's up girlfriend?"

"I don't know how to tell you this."

Now she looked concerned, "Just spill it already."

"I don't know where to begin. For years I have thought you are the most beautiful woman I have ever known. You're sexy, funny and the most loyal friend I have ever known."

"And?"

"And, I have always wanted to be with you. Now that you are moving across the country I feel like the opportunity for that ever happening will vanish."

"Be with me how?"

"You know, woman to woman, sexually."

Her years of hardness showed on her face, with the blank look she gave me... the poker face. I knew in that moment that I had overwhelmed her and stood from my chair. 

"You don't have to answer me; matter of fact I don't want you to answer me right now, just think about it please. If you are repulsed by the idea, I will understand. I will love you either way; you know that. I need to get home to get the kids from school. Call me when you can and I'll come back over to help."

I drove home hoping I had not overstepped my boundaries and ruined a friendship, in one moment that had endured for 26 years. All night I wanted to call her to recant what I had said but I couldn't. I knew her and I knew that she would call me when she was ready. One way or the other she would call, if nothing else to tell me that she couldn't do what I had asked of her. Three days passed before she called.

"Hey, what's up girlfriend?"

"Nothing, how's the packing coming along?"

"It's cool. Are you busy today?"

"No, do you need some help?"

"If you aren't busy, I'd like to come over?"

"Sure."

"See you in 20 minutes."

This was so typical of her; I knew her well. Instead of inviting me over to her house she was coming to mine so she could leave if and when she wanted. She liked being in control and having an easy out; it's her nature and how she has survived. She has told me on several occasions that there have been times when she was in a place and felt a 'vibe' and left. Later she heard that something bad went down and reminded me how her sixth sense has never failed her. 

I knew that this situation was no different for her, it was different and unknown so her coming to my place didn't surprise me in the least. When she arrived, we hugged as we always have. I felt odd, having confessed how I felt. She walked in and sat at the table without saying too much.

"Would you like a drink?"

"Sure, do you have any booze?"

"I have some Bailey's."

"That sounds good, on the rocks for me please."

I carried the drinks to the table and sat down with her. We sat in silence for a moment before she finally spoke.

"I need to tell you something."

"Ok."

"When I started working third shift in the factory I got to know this one girl. We became friends. One night we went out and got drunk and ended up in bed together."

"Why are you telling me this?"

"I was totally blindsided by your confession. You have always been the "good girl". I didn't realize you were so kinky that way."

"Hey, I can always blame you for being a bad influence."

She smiled, "Yeah, you can. What I'm trying to say is that I have experienced what it's like to be with a woman. If you want this experience I would love to be the one to share it with you."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes."

"So, ummm, how do we do this?"

Without speaking she stood and came to me, pulling me by the hand from my chair. We hugged like we had for years, and then she started caressing my back through my shirt. I reached down and cupped her ass in my hands, pulling her body against mine. 

"God, you are so sexy."

We kiss lightly then began kissing deeply. Our tongue swirls and our breathing increased, becoming heated.

She raised her shirt. "Suck my tits."

Lowering my upper body, tugging her bra down with my hand, my mouth found one of her huge areolas and latched on. Her soft brown hands stroked my body while she moaned and pressed her tits against me. Opening my mouth wide, I sucked more of her tit into my mouth, kneading it with my face as I sucked harder. The harder I sucked the more excited she became.

"Fuck! That feels so damn good!"

I kept working on her, growing hotter by the minute.

"Did you lock the door when I came in?" She asked in a heated breath.

"Yes, it's locked."

"Good, follow me."

Grabbing my hand she walked us to my bedroom. In a sexual frenzy we tossed off our clothes, continuing our sucking and kissing. She pushed at me and walked to lay on the bed sideways.

"Suck my pussy bitch!"

She didn't need to tell me twice. Her sexy brown thighs were warm and inviting. Running my fingers from her feet to her calves, her body twitched with anticipation. I held her legs and looked down at her. Her eyes were glazed with lust, sexy as hell. Slipping my hands down her inner thighs, I spread her legs wide and lower my mouth. Her musky scent was different than a man's but very intoxicating. Flattening my tongue, I ran it from her ass all the way up to her clit.

"Oh fuck, your tongue is hot as hell. Damn girlfriend. Stick her finger in my pussy!"

I obliged her and slowly slid a finger inside her hot pussy. Her hips bucked slightly so I pulled it out and slid two fingers inside while I continued to suck and lick her clit as well as the spot just below her pussy. 

"Fuck the g-spot they all talk about. Push your fingers down inside my pussy. That's where my spot is."

I pressed my fingers downward, spreading her open while pushing down against her ass. My tongue danced over her clit. Not being able to resist the urge any longer, my fingers started pumping in and out of her juicy pussy.

"Oh shit, lick that spot between my pussy and my ass girlfriend!"

Sliding my fingers out I covered her pussy with my mouth and sucked hard on her clit and pussy hole while my thumb massaged the area between her pussy and ass. Her fingers clenched my hair and her legs wrapped around my upper body. She started shaking and twitching uncontrollably.

"FUCK, damn, you sure you haven't done this before?!"

I kept working her knowing she was on the verge. She had other plans and squeezed her fist in my hair to raise my head. "You're turn, girlfriend."

She scooted back on the bed and told me to straddle her in 69 position. When I perched over her body she started laughing.

"What's so funny?"

"You."

"What?"

"You. All these years I thought you were such a good girl and you shave your pussy!"

"Just shut up and eat it!"

She dove in like she was devouring the most delectable treat in the world. Pulling away she commented, "Damn, your pussy tastes so sweet girlfriend, nothing like the other girl I was with." 

Her moaning and lapping had me hotter than I ever dreamed possible. We ate each other's pussies for a good long while, getting closer and closer to orgasm. I followed her lead and kept eating her pussy the way she instructed. Her pussy juice flowed freely from her sweet pink lips. Black hair surrounded her muff and tickled my nose. I sucked and licked and fucked her pussy while she bucked her hips against my mouth. I took a chance and slid my tongue to her ass, pressing against it. She bucked harder, so I wet my finger and pressed against her ass.

"Ewww, shit, ouch girlfriend, my ass is exit only, but you can lick it all you want."

I breathed a sigh and licked at her ass, then her pussy and clit, back and forth. Each time my tongue touched her ass she came unglued and bucked against me because it felt so good. When her tongue found my sensitive ass I just about unloaded my juices all over her face. I enjoy playing anally, but her hot tongue poking against me felt so good I couldn't hold back much longer. My legs tensed and quivered.

"Dayummm, you are a little anal slut aren't you girlfriend." She laughed.

"Fuck you."

"No, fuck YOU!"

There was that voice again. She rolled me off of her and turned to straddle my body. I looked up at her in all her beautiful glory. Black hair cascaded over her shoulders. Her half-veiled eyes bore into mine. Her large round tits hung in front of me. The areolas were warm and huge, begging to be sucked. Locking her feet over my thighs with her knees astride me, she began to ride. Our pubic bones ground together while she rode and rubbed against me. Dropping her arms, she planted her hands on each side of my body and kept grinding. Hair fell around her face. My vantage point allowed me to look up into her passionate eyes. Moving around I was able to catch one of her nipples in my mouth and began sucking hard.

"Shit girlfriend, that feel so fucking good!"

I sucked more of her breast into my mouth and kept sucking hard. She stretched her legs out to lie on top of me, so I wrapped my legs around her ass. Without any penetration our clits reacted from the pressure on our pubic bones and all the sights and sounds in the bedroom. I released her tit and let out a scream.

"Fuckkkkkkkkk!"

"That's it girlfriend, let it go, let it all out."

"Oh fuck, hold still a minute, don't move!"

She did as I said and held her body against mine while I rocked up against hers with my legs wrapped around her body. I came so hard my body collapsed and my legs feel away from her body. "SHIT!"

"Damn girlfriend, you're loud!"

"Oh fuck," was all I could mutter, "fuck!"

"I haven't gotten mine yet, you aren't done until I say you're done."

"I bought something special in hopes you would agree to this."

"What did you buy dirty girl?"

I reached in the nightstand and pulled out a double-ended dildo.

"Roll off of me and I'll fuck you with it."

"Fuck that shit! If anybodies gonna do any fuckin' around here, it's me." 

Grabbing the dildo from me she leaned back to expose my pussy, which was still pulsing. She wielded the dildo like she had done it all her life. 

"Shit, this is a big mother fucker!"

Spreading my pussy lips with her slender brown fingers she started sliding it inside me. Moaning and wiggling under her, she enjoyed the power exchange. Holding it with both hands she drove it in me deep until I screamed out.

"Take it bitch, I know you like big ass cocks!"

"Oh God, let me hold it please!"

"Yeah, show me how you like to fuck yourself girlfriend."

She rolled back and let me use the dildo on myself. Her fingers traced my inner thighs.

"Fuck yeah, damn that cock has your pussy spread wide open. Fuck that pussy, fuck it bitch! I wanna hear you scream again!"

I couldn't take it anymore. Driving the dildo into my pussy I held it there and rocked it, shoving it toward the back of my hole so I could feel it pressing against my ass inside.

"Yeah, oh God your spot is in the same spot as mine! No wonder we have so much else in common. Fuck that pussy girlfriend, fuck it good!"

"OH fuckkkkkkkk! Damnnnnnnnn!"

She didn't waste any time after I came. Straddling my body she guided the other end of the dildo up to her pussy, sliding it between her pussy lips. 

"Hold it up for me girlfriend. Hold it up like it's a real cock so I can ride it."

I left the other end in my pussy and held her end up in the air. I will never forget the look on her face as she lowered her pussy over my cock. Her eyes rolled back and her head lowered slightly. When she felt the dildo going in she screamed from its size, breathing and panting.

"Is it too big for you?"

"Fuck, yes! But damn it feel so fucking good I can't stop!"

She lowered until our public bones touched again. Both ends of the dildo were buried inside us when she began riding with a vengeance. Each time she raised and lowered, it shoved the dildo deeper inside me, pressing at my ass inside. I was going to cum again. She stayed straddle me with all 6" of the dildo buried inside her cunt. Her black hair bobbed and swayed as she rode me hard. I looked up to see her face; it was the most beautiful sight I have ever seen. She finally succumb to the orgasm demon and ground down hard on me one last time.

"FUCKKKKKKKKKK!... Fuck Fuck Fuck!!!!!!!!"

Her body tensed, twitched and jerked. She started riding me again, till she tensed yet again and screamed out. Over and over she came and continued riding, until her body was completely exhausted. She fell on top of me. I wrapped my legs around her one last time and reared my hips upward. Riding from the bottom, with her body holding the other end of the dildo buried inside her, I came one last time in an explosive orgasm. Quivering on top of me, her body responded one last time and shook with a pitiful exhausted sigh. Her thighs tightened and shook with mine. 

Barely able to raise her head, she did to find my mouth. Her full pouty lips found mine; our tongues danced magically in the afterglow. I held her body and stroked her back. Her soft skin felt wonderful. Exhausted she rolled off and let the dildo slip from her pussy. I pulled the dildo out and tossed it, while she pulled the blankets up over us. She rolled on her side while I rolled to cup my body around hers, wrapping my arm over her body.
