 When I opened my eyes a few second later, all I saw was a bald cunt, framed by lacy pink garters, lowering itself down onto my face. I reached out and slid my hands up Kimmie's legs, feeling the smooth nylon of her stockings. I grabbed her ass, pulled her pussy to me and began feasting. She writhed on me, causing me to use every ounce of strength I had left to keep her locked onto my mouth. 

"Holy shit," she said. "Your tongue feels so good on my cunt. Where did you learn to do that?" 

I tried to say something clever, but it came out mumbled as my mouth was full of her smooth flesh. 

"Shut up and eat me out!" she screamed. "Oh god, I'm so close...so close...so close...AHHHHHH!"

I knew she was almost there and slid an index finger quickly into her to get it wet. I pulled it back and positioned it right at her back door.

"Yes, you dirty little fuck! Stick your finger in my asshole when I come."

I did as asked and she blasted off onto another planet. Honestly, I was a little worried that the hotel management was going to be knocking at our door any minute telling us to quiet down. However I was very intrigued at the mouth on this nasty little whore and was enjoying every minute of her dirty talk.

As Kimmie came down from her orgasm, she slid next to me and kissed me full on the lips. I enjoyed a girl who didn't mind kissing a guy whose face was covered in her juices. I sucked hard on her tongue stud, the same one that had brought me to my own orgasm a few minutes ago. 

"You really like the tongue stud, don't you?" she asked. 

"I've always wanted to come on one, so that was a dream come true," I stated. "Maybe we can see a repeat performance."

"Maybe, stud. But first you have to live out your promise from downstairs...I want the next load all over my pretty little face.

With that, I realized that my cock had regained full strength and was rearing to go. Kimmie rolled onto her back as I positioned myself between her legs. She spread her legs as wide open as they'd go, revealing her glistening snatch. I stroked my cock a few times, rubbed it up and down her slit and then, with one thrust, impaled her. 

"Holy shit, you're tight," I groaned, feeling her pussy grip my throbbing cock. With that, I grabbed her ankles, spreading her legs apart, and began to drive myself in and out of her. 

Kimmie was in ecstasy in this point and started writhing around. Her ample breasts freed themselves from the pink satin merrywidow, allowing me to see perfect eraser-sized nipples topping very light areola. Wanting to taste them, I pushed her legs back until her strappy heels were inches away from her ears. I continued to fuck her while devouring her gorgeous tits. 

My little fuck doll started fingering herself again as I slowed my thrusts down, primarily to enjoy the view of this hottie taking all eight inches of my throbbing cock, but also to keep myself from coming again so soon. 

She broke the intense silence, "I bet Jasmine is getting fucked in the ass by Jason right now." Her eyes were closed imagining it, I think.

A few seconds later she asked, "have you ever had anal before, baby?" I shook my head.

"Me neither, but Jasmine keeps telling me how great it is and I'm intrigued. My head nearly exploded when I came with your finger in my ass. I'm thinking that your dick would be even hotter."

"What do you think," she asked?

"Seriously," I responded? "I'm buried in the shaved pussy of a gorgeous blonde sorority girl wearing nothing but pink lingerie and heels and you think that I might say no to fucking you in the ass?"

Kimmie laughed and pulled herself off my cock, quickly spinning around and taking its length in her mouth. She gave me another incredible blow job before turning around and propping herself up on her hands and knees. I positioned myself behind her, grabbed her tiny waist, and positioned the head of my dick just inside her fleshy lips to re-lubricate it. I pulled it back and slid it in to her ass, eliciting a moan from both of us.

"Holy shit, that feels good," she said under her breath. After a few strokes, I bottomed out and began to slowly pump it in and out of her ass. The only sounds in the room were the squeaking of the bed and that of my balls slapping against her ass. Kimmie started rubbing her perfectly manicured fingers over her pussy, causing her to let out a long, slow purr. 

I picked up the pace, feeling another orgasm building down below. Moments later, Kimmie exploded, causing her ass to tighten just a bit. I couldn't hold back and told her, "I'm gonna cum!"

"Spray it on my face you fucking stud!" she responded. I pulled my dick out of her ass and slowly stroked it while Kimmie spun around, got off the bed and kneeled down in front of me. The pink merrywidow she was wearing had slid down just a bit, revealing her incredible tits and pushing them up and together. I couldn't believe the gorgeous sight in front of me and released my load all over her face. After what seemed like minutes, my cock stopped pulsing and I looked down, very impressed with my handiwork. 

Kimmie smiled and said, "Jasmine was right about letting you fuck my ass. That was incredible!"

*

Stay tuned for Part IV, when Kimmie invites me to visit her at work. 