 Have you ever been at Victoria's Secret and wondered what the girls who work there are wearing under their black outfits? I guess I've always assumed that the lingerie company's employees got a hefty discount as part of their compensation package. I wasn't sure until my junior year of college when I started dating a girl from my fluid dynamics class. 

We were on our second date when we talked about our jobs that were helping us pay for college. I worked as a tutor in the math department, mostly for freshman calculus. I labored through teaching dumb frat boys so that I could meet many young lovely ladies. Though my success rate was low, the sheer volume of students that I tutored meant that I got a fair number of dates from my job. Not a bad by-product of doing well in math! 

Kimmie had been a tutor during her sophomore year, but since she stayed over the next summer, she looked for a job at the local mall. Victoria's Secret was hiring and she couldn't pass up the good pay and discount at VS and their sister stores. A self-proclaimed "clothes horse," Kimmie was everything you don't picture when you think of a female math major: blonde, tall, thin, curvy and well dressed.

I appreciated that, unlike many girls I had dated in high school and college, Kimmie got dressed up for dates. I did my best to look sharp for her, but obviously all the heads in the room were turning for the hot girl in the black dress and strappy heels. 

As we talked about her job, I asked all sorts of questions. Perhaps a bit too interested, I think she figured out I have a thing for lingerie. Not weirded out in the least, Kimmie told me quite a few funny stories about work which were fairly erotic as well. I could tell that she had taken full advantage of the significant discount that Victoria's Secret offered. She implied that she'd like to show me her collection and I was eager to see it.

Kimmie also had another plus in the "hotness quotient." Her tongue was pierced and she wore a different tongue stud each day, matching the outfit she was wearing. My only previous experience with a tongue stud was kissing a chick in high school that had just had her tongue pierced. It was still too sore when we made out, so it was an unpleasureable experience for us both. Nonetheless, I still enjoy looking at pictures of porn models with tongue studs and have always longed for the day that I could feel one sliding back and forth along the underside of my cock. As Kimmie talked on our date, I had trouble focusing on anything but that little black & white ball. 

After the second date, we made out on a bench in the quad. Very innocent, but passionate. Our third date was her sorority formal for the fall semester. She had pledged Delta Delta Delta as a freshman and was now the chapter treasurer and lived in the on-campus house. It was always a little intimidating picking her up there, especially when her sorority sisters met me at the door and gave me the third degree before she came down stairs. I suppose the fact that they smiled so much meant they approved of me, but it was nerve wracking none the less. 

On Wednesday of the week before her formal, I emailed Kimmie and asked her what color dress she was wearing. I wanted to get a matching tie for my tux. She emailed later that night with a link to the store where she had gotten the dress. It was a pink satin dress that ended just above the knee. Spaghetti straps held the low-cut dress up in the front and the back was cut just below the shoulder blades. Another link took me to the shoe store where she had picked up a pair of 4-inch pink heels with a thin strap across the toes and another behind the heel that clasped around the ankle with a small metal buckle.

Of course, I was most interested in the third link...to the Victoria's Secret website. I clicked on the link with nervous excitement. Had she picked out something supportive or something lacy and frilly?

"Crap," I said aloud as the webpage failed to load. I repeatedly clicked on the link again and again in a vain attempt to bring up the page. After several minutes of troubleshooting my internet connection, I finally resigned myself to the fact that I wasn't going to get a preview of the undergarments. My only hope was the fact that she'd sent me the link probably meant that I'd get a chance to see the outfit in person on our date.

When the night of the Tri-Delt formal rolled around, I dressed in my black tux with pink bow tie. I didn't care one bit about the ribbing my roommate gave me for the pink tie. It would all be worth it when I was fucking Kimmie's brains out at the end of the night.

I drove over to the sorority house and parked the car out front. A number of guys were on their way in, obviously picking up their dates as well. I watched two smokin' hot girls stroll out of the house, unaccompanied, my jaw hitting the ground when I saw how short their dresses were. The brunette, Amy, who I knew from biology class the year before, had on a slinky blue dress, covered in sequins. The dress couldn't have come more than 2 inches below the curve of her ass. The redhead, who I didn't recognize, was wearing a similar sized lime-green dress. I couldn't take my eyes off of her perfect breasts, which had to be at least a D-cup. 

Staring at them all the way across the parking lot, I lingered on the front porch just long enough to see them get into a car. My location was perfect, as I was able to watch the redhead get in the driver's seat and Amy bring the passenger seat forward and crawl into the backseat. I was treated to the view of her tiny blue dress riding up about three quarters of the way up her ass, revealing a matching blue g-string. She didn't realize she was being watched, but Amy reached behind herself and pulled the hem down as she fit into the backseat, but not before I developed the first of what would become many hard-ons that evening.

Clearing my throat and adjusting my trousers, I made my way into the house. I rang Kimmie's room at the inside door and waited several seconds for her to answer.

"Hey, I'm almost ready," she announced. "I'll be right down. You can wait for me in the living room if you want."

She buzzed me in and I found myself alone in the large entry way. I took a seat there at the base of the stairs and watched a few more of her sorority sisters leaving the house with dates. In the two weeks I'd been dating Kimmie, I hadn't seen a single sister that wasn't drop-dead gorgeous. If the worst thing that happened to me was being dumped by Kimmie and somehow getting passed around the sorority, I counted myself a lucky man. I wasn't sure what I had done to deserve this treatment!

Just then, Kimmie came bounding down the steps. She looked stunning. Her blonde hair poured down in long, golden curls. The pink dress looked ten times better than it had on the model on the website. Her breasts were flowing out the top of the low-cut dress, just barely contained in pink satin. She had flesh-colored nylons on under the skirt and her feet were encased in the same strappy heels I had previewed earlier in the week.

"Hey you!" she said, "I love the tie!"

"Thanks," I replied. "It looks like it matches your dress perfectly." "By the way," I added, "you don't look too shabby yourself."

"What, this old thing?" she answered sarcastically while she fake-blushed.

I kissed her hand when she got to the bottom of the stairs. "You look good enough to eat!' I said. I instantly felt stupid, not wanting to pressure this hot teenager that was WAY out of my league. 

"That's the idea," Kimmie replied with a wink as she grabbed my hand and led me out the door. My jaw dropped once again and I briefly stumbled behind her. Between her erotic statement and my eyes glued to her incredible ass, I was a bit bewildered. The dress fit her like a glove and I was amazed at how tiny her waist was, even compared to her slender hips. She flowed like water despite wearing such tall heels.

We drove to the hotel that was hosting the dance. Kimmie was very talkative and I think a little drunk. No doubt she and her roommate had been drinking a bit while getting dressed. We were already having a great time when we got to the hotel. Once again, I was having trouble keeping my eyes off of the small pink stud in her tongue while she talked. Luckily for me, I had other nice things to look at as well, like her incredible cleavage and long legs. Kimmie's fingernails were done up perfectly in a french manicure and her toes had a matching pedicure. 

As I mentioned, her speech was every so slightly slurred from the alcohol. And, boy, was she randy as ever. She filled me in on all her girlfriend's plans for the evening, most of whom had planned on fucking their dates at rooms upstairs in the hotel. Kimmie didn't even blush when she described two of her sisters' plans to double-team one guy that they both had a crush on. I'd have to file that one away in the memory banks...

We arrived about an hour after the formal started and walked in, grabbing drinks at the bar. Alcohol was the common theme of the night and Kimmie's vocabulary got dirtier and dirtier with every drink. By the third one, she told me how badly she wanted to see my dick. By the fourth drink, it was how much her pussy was craving my cock. And after the fifth drink, she pulled me aside on the dance floor after and after kissing me passionately for more than a minute, she told me how she wanted me to pull out of her cunt when I was done and give her a facial. 

Needless to say, I was in a state of permanent erection at this point. 

We spend the entire evening grinding against each other on the dance floor. At one point, she was in front of me, grinding her ass against my raging hard-on. She bent over and put one hand on the floor, continuing to gyrate her hips. Her dress slid up several inches, revealing lacy pink stocking tops. Attached to them were pink garter straps that ran under the raised hem of her dress. I saw just the bottom of her ass before she stood back up and, for a second, almost thought I noticed the round flesh of her cunt lips. I assumed the bottom of her g-string had lodged itself up there, giving me quite a view.

By this point I was fairly drunk, too, and reached around her front and pulled her into me. I really wanted to know what kind of underwear she had on. Kimmie ground her ass hard against me and my hands wandered all over her flat tummy. I bent her over forward very slowly (it would have looked like we were fucking doggy-style if anyone were watching us...everyone else was caught up in their own state of horniness) and slid my hands up the insides of her thighs. Sheer nylon gave way to silky smooth thighs, which gave way, to my surprise, to her bald pussy. Despite her expensive dress and lingerie, Kimmie wasn't wearing underwear at all. 

Her slit was absolutely drenched and I briefly slid a finger inside of her before pulling away and regaining my composure. Though flushed, she looked at me coyly and said, "what are you more surprised about, the fact that I'm not wearing any underwear or that I'm completely shaved?"

I stuttered something and pulled her close into a kiss. 

As the dance was beginning to end, we said goodbye to all her friends and walked toward the door. She turned to me and said, "I have a surprise!"

"This whole night has been one great surprise after another," I replied. Very subtly, she reached into her purse, pulled out what appeared to be a credit card and put it in my hand.

"Take me upstairs and let's finish this off right," she said with another sexy wink. I looked down to see that it was a key card from the hotel we were already at. With this, I realized I'd probably be inside of Kimmie in less than 10 minutes. Considering the four hours of foreplay we had just finished, I think we were both ready to move on to some serious fucking.