 Charmaine woke up the next morning at 9, head hurting. Danny woke up with her, feeling ok. Feeling great, in fact. He was 5 hours or so removed from fucking his dream woman! 

Charmaine went into the spare room to awaken her friend. Liz woke up, a little hurting herself. They talked briefly before Charmaine headed for the shower. As soon as Danny heard the shower, he went straight for the spare room, wearing only a T-shirt and boxers. When he saw Liz he was hard instantly. 

The blankets were thrown off of her, she was wearing her skimpy black panties and a white T-shirt. Her pony tails were out, and she pushed her blonde hair out of her face. Her long, smooth legs were so sexy. She was curled up on her side, eyes half open. When she saw him come in, she smiled and her pussy felt a sudden surge of pleasure. 

There was so many things that he wanted to do to her! He knelt beside her, bending to kiss her as his hand slid around the smooth skin of her ass, sliding under the panties. They pecked once, twice. Liz rolled onto her back, sighing. His hand slid out of her panties and around to the front of her body as she rolled over, ending up at her crotch. His fingers rested on top of her panties, right above her pussy lips. 

"I can't wait until she leaves!" she breathed, smiling. His fingers caressed her lightly over her panties. Her cunt tingled. "Move up here." she commanded, fully awake now. Taking his hand out from between her sexy thighs, Danny knelt further up the bed, hard on very apparent in his boxer shorts. Her dark eyes never left his crotch. Getting up on one elbow, still focused on the bulge, her other hand reached into the hole at the front and pulled out a rock hard cock. Stroking it expertly, she licked her lips. 

Liz opened her mouth and slipped the head of his penis inside. He watched as her cheeks sucked inward, sucking on the top half of his dick. Her mouth was so warm, it felt so good. Liz just wanted to give him something to remember and something to look forward to. Cock still in her mouth, she looked up at him with her sexy, dark eyes. She began to bob her head back and forth, sliding his pole in and out of her lips. Danny moaned, and he reached back down between her legs, looking to reciprocate. Liz obediently parted her legs without missing a stride in her blowjob, slurping loudly, eagerly on his rod. He slid his hand into her panties, running the curls of her pubic hair through his fingers. He found her clit, and tickled it lightly, causing her to moan around his penis. 

"Mmmmmmph" she moaned as he ran a finger down her horny slit. She couldn't believe how wet she was already! He watched her lips slide up and down his cock, lips tightly around his organ as he slid a finger into her warm tunnel. "Mmmmmmm..." she moaned again, her blowjob slowing briefly before she started up again with even more enthusiasm. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' went her mouth. 

He began to slide his finger in and out of her snug pussy, watching himself fuck her beautiful face. Liz began to writhe her hips up into the air, trying to increase the feeling his finger was giving her. She was slobbering even louder on his penis as she began to approach orgasm. Her breathing was laboured as she stuffed her face with his dick. He put his free hand on the back of her head, urging her onward as his finger slipped out of her wet twat and caressed back up her swollen pussy lips. As soon as she felt his finger touch her clitoris, Liz was well on her way. 

She sucked extra hard on his cock, moaning. Danny began to lose it as well, finger diddling the nub of her clit. Liz's feet were now flat on the bed and she was thrusting her hips upward, losing control. "MMMMMMPH! MMMMMMPH!" Liz came, raising her ass high off the bed. She was no longer giving him head, but she was sucking like an industrial vacuum on his cock as it sat in her mouth. He lost it, too. His dick spasmed inside her mouth, and a long stream of hot cum fired onto the back of her throat. 

She had difficulty swallowing his cum since she was cumming as well, rubbing her wet cunt violently against his fingers. Liz managed to swallow some of his semen, but more of the white fluid leaked out of her mouth. Danny moaned, emptying his balls into her mouth. He took his hand out of her panties and held the back of her head, forcing her to hold his pulsating cock inside her mouth. He watched her suck him dry as she came down from her own orgasm. 

She pulled his dick out with a 'slurp' and squeezed some more cum out the tip. Looking at him with beautiful brown eyes, Liz's tongue snaked out and gathered the drop of cum off the end of his dick and pull it into her mouth. Still looking at him, her tongue came out again and slowly licked around her lips, cleaning off all the cum that was around her mouth. 

She opened her mouth to show him. Danny could clearly see his cum on her tongue. She closed her mouth, smiling, and swallowed. His cock jerked to hardness again as she opened her mouth, showing nothing inside. 

"God I want to fuck you!" he said, bending to kiss her. He kissed her roughly, lips smacking loudly. They sent their tongue into each other's mouths eagerly, his hand caressing her smooth thighs. It was then that he realized that the shower had stopped, and hadn't been on for sometime. He broke the kiss, getting up. 

"You're coming back, right?" he asked at the doorway. 

"Of course!" she said, smiling. He left. A couple minutes later, Charmaine got out of the bathroom and went to talk with Liz. They talked for a few minutes, Charmaine having no idea what Liz had in her stomach!

Charmaine followed Liz to the highway, since it was on the way to her work. She watched her friend get on the highway, without a clue as to what her friend had been up to over the past 9 hours, or to what she would be up to over the next 9 hours! 

Liz got off the highway at the first exit, and reversed her course. Her entire, circular trip took her 20 minutes, but she ended up back at Danny's door. His heart pounded when he heard the knock on the door, and his cock strained against his shorts instantly. 

He opened the door to find Liz standing there. She stepped inside, shutting the door behind her, and he was on her. Her arms immediately went around his neck and their searching lips found each other and they kissed passionately. His hands slid around her sexy body and latched onto her perfect ass as he slipped a tongue into her eager mouth. He pressed her up against the door, his tongue nearly touching her throat. She was breathing heavily into his mouth, their lips were smacking loudly against each other as they kissed sloppily. 

Her pussy was so wet, and was tingling uncontrollably, she pressed her body hard against his. His hands squeezed her soft ass, caressing it, mapping out every inch in his mind with his hands. He loved her ass! How many hundreds of times does he picture that ass when he masturbates? 

Liz was conscious of the huge bulge in his shorts as he pressed up against her. He slid one of his hands around to the front of her body, over her thighs to her crotch. He rubbed her horny pussy over her jeans as they made out, she moaned softly into his mouth, her cunt on fire. He slid his hand up her body, up her T-shirt, caressing over the soft, warm skin of her stomach. He felt the soft mound of her breast through her lace bra, and he gently squeezed. 

Liz ran her hands all down the front and back of his body, caressing his chest, his ass, the hard lump in his shorts as he pushed her shirt up her body. They broke the kiss briefly as he pulled her shirt up over her head, exposing her white lace bra containing her perky breasts. She pulled off his shirt as well and the two began kissing once more, pressing their warm skin against one another right there at the doorway. Danny kissed down her soft neck, he could hear her panting above him as he kissed down her chest and down her cleavage. Her bra straps were falling off of her shoulders and he pushed her left one down, slowly exposing the pink areola of her left breast, and the rock hard nipple. He kissed and licked the creamy white skin surrounding her nipple, teasing her as she ran her hands through his hair. 

He lightly licked over her areola, his tongue softly glancing over the hard little nub. He sucked her nipple into his mouth and she sighed as he ran his tongue over it inside his mouth. She reached behind her and unsnapped her bra, and it fell off her shoulders and down to the floor, exposing both her tits to him. His cock twitched in his shorts at the sight of her beauty. He grabbed a breast in each hand, caressing them as he kissed over to her right one, giving that his attention now. 

Liz was squeezing her legs together, trying to scratch the itch that was there, but only succeeding in making things worse. Danny kissed down her smooth, pale belly, his tongue flecking briefly over her belly button as he slowly fell to his knees before her. Gasping for breath, Liz watched as her best friend's boyfriend undid the button on her jeans and slowly slid down the zipper, gradually exposing her white cotton panties. 

He grabbed the sides of her jeans and slowly slid them down her long, sexy legs. She stepped out of them with her bare feet and he threw them to the side, having the girl of his fantasies down to her panties. He slowly ran his hands up the sides of her smooth legs, sliding them into her panties from the back, feeling her bare ass. He squeezed her soft ass cheeks and kissed her mound over the thin, wet material of her panties. She gasped, legs parting subconsciously as she stood against the front door. He could smell her arousal, and he could taste her delicious pussy through her panties as he kissed over where her lips were through the cotton. 

He grabbed the thin elastic of her panties and slid them down her legs, slowly exposing the brown curls of her bush. Liz stepped out of them, too, becoming completely naked for him. They had yet to say a single word to each other and here she was, completely naked! Was he in heaven? Still on his knees, he buried his face between her thighs. "OHHHH!" she gasped, legs parting further. Her hands grabbed the back of his head as if she needed to force him to stay where he was. 

His nose was nestled in her soft fur as his tongue licked all over her wet gash. She humped her hips forward, as if to fuck his face as he slid his tongue into her needy hole. She was having a lot of trouble breathing, she was so horny. He slowly ran his tongue from the bottom of her slit, up to the top, his tongue lightly nudging her clitoris, causing her to gasp again. Her vagina was tingling so violently, her entire body could feel the tingles, her heart felt like it would burst! Squeezing her asscheeks, Danny's tongue focused on her sensitive clit. He sucked it gently into his mouth, his tongue lapping at it rapidly while he held it between his lips. 

"Ohhhhhh God!" she sighed, the first word from either of them escaping from her lips. She felt like she was going to cum already, and it was going to be huge! Her hands now had a death grip on his head, he couldn't move out from between her thighs if he tried! His hands squeezed her asscheeks tightly as his tongue lapped at her clit as fast as he could move it (which was lightening quick, he prided himself in this skill!). 

"Ohhhhh God!" she repeated, she felt the wave of a massive orgasm approach like a freight train. "OHHHHHHH! MMMMMHH GOD!" Liz moaned, cumming hard. She rubbed her pussy roughly against his face as he licked her through her orgasm. "Ohhhh! Ohhhhh!" she sighed, squirming above him against the door as she lost all control. Her heart pounded, her entire body rocked against him as the walls of her pussy convulsed. 

Finally, she was able to release him, and he couldn't stand up fast enough! He ripped his shorts down his legs and his hard cock was freed. He pressed against her and his searching lips found hers. They kissed hard, passionately, tongues exploring. She could taste her pussy on his tongue as it rubbed against hers. She could feel his hard on pressing against her bush, and she needed that thing in her right now. She had trouble breathing still, so turned on was she. She didn't care, she just needed that cock in her right that instant. 

Still kissing him, she stood up on her toes and reached in between them, her expert hand gripping his dick. He crouched down a bit, being 3 or 4 inches taller than she, and helped her aim his tool at her entrance. He almost came when he felt the hotness of her treasure touching the head of his cock. She was so wet the head of his penis dipped into her vagina, causing her to break the kiss, gasping. 

"Ohhh yessss.." she moaned. He grabbed her ass, lifting her slightly, and slid into her easily in one stroke. "OHHHH GOD! " she moaned as he filled her. Her pussy was so hot and snug around his rod, and he held himself inside her as he kissed her again. 

Pressing her hard against the door, he began to slide in and out of her, her left foot caressed his leg as she stood with the toes of her other foot barely touching the floor, he had her lifted up as he fucked her. Her tongue went far into his mouth as his dick went far into her pussy. 

The door rattled as he screwed his girlfriend's best friend up against it. His heart pounded as he fucked Liz standing up. He wanted her so bad! He couldn't fuck her as hard as he'd like in this position so he pulled out of her twat with an audible slurp, much to her disappointment. He took her by the hand and she allowed him to lead her to the couch. He lay her down on it, and she spread her sexy legs for him. 

The swollen, pink lips of her pussy were framed by the curls of her pubic hair. He raised a long leg into the air by her foot, and kissed the top of it. He kissed her big toe, sucking it into his mouth. Liz was so turned on watching him suck each of her toes, her vagina was quivering with desire, her entire body was flushed. Danny kissed up her foot to her leg. He kissed and licked over her knee to the inside of her thighs. He could smell her desire as he kissed the soft, smooth skin. His lips gently kissed right beside the top of her leg, just beside her pubic hair. He could hear her laboured breathing above him as he teased her. 

As bad as he wanted to fuck her, he wanted to enjoy every inch of her beautiful body as much as he could. Who knows when he'll see her again? He kissed the puckered lips of her cunt, causing her to gasp. Tingles of excitement again surged through her body. He sucked her pussy lips into his mouth, running his tongue up and down them slowly, enjoying every second. He released her, and slid his tongue into her treasure, tasting her delicious juices. His hands again grabbed her soft asscheeks and raised her pussy up to his face. Liz ran her fingers through his hair with one hand as he ate her out again. 

Danny lapped at Liz's clit lightly, and she began to writhe herself against his face. Again, he sucked her clitoris into his mouth and he began to lick it as fast, yet as gently, as he could. "Ohhhhhhhhh!" she sighed, her pussy cumming again. She rubbed it in his face, her fist clenching his hair as she came. 

He kissed over her bush and up her soft belly, kissing lightly over her breasts as he kicked his shorts the rest of the way off and onto the floor. He looked into her dark eyes as he approached, and he could see the intense desire in them. Her hand eagerly grabbed his hard penis and placed the head at her needy entrance. 

Still looking into her beautiful eyes, he pushed forward. The mushroom head of his cock parted the petals of Liz's vagina and he slid himself slowly inside her. "Ohhhhh" she sighed, not taking her dark eyes off of him. He was sheathed inside her warmth again, and he held himself there, cherishing every second of this. She kissed him tenderly, softly, her tongue running along his lips. He opened his mouth and allowed her to slide her tongue inside as he began to make love to her on the couch. 

In and out of her slick tunnel he slid, as they breathed laboriously into each other's mouth. She was so warm around him! Their naked bodies were pressed tightly together, and he was conscious of her perky breasts rubbing against his chest. Her feet were running up and down his legs, and her hands were caressing his back as he gently slid in and out of her. He began fucking her harder, unable to control himself. Liz placed one foot on the top of the couch, the other she placed on the coffee table, giving herself to him, opening herself up for him. 

Holding her shoulders for momentum, Danny began to fuck Liz for all he was worth, slamming his cock deep into her hungry cunt as hard as he could. The couch had a lot of bounce to it, and when he slammed her this hard, her ass bounced back off the couch just as hard, meeting each of his thrusts perfectly and doubling the impact and speed of their sex. She didn't have a chance. 

She broke the kiss, moaning loudly, hurtling towards yet another orgasm. "UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHH GOD! OHHHHHH!" She came hard. She didn't think she had ever had such an orgasm! The walls of her pussy convulsed around his driving penis as she had an uncontrollable orgasm. Her feet flailed above his thrusting ass helplessly as she tried to gain control of herself. She was so helpless she was like a ragdoll as he fucked her through her orgasm. She was gasping for breath and her moans could be heard in the surrounding apartments but neither cared. 

Every man knows of a woman that, whenever he sees her, he just wants to fuck her harder than humanly possible. That when she walks into the room, the intense desire he feels for her makes him believe that he if he had the chance to fuck her, he would literally drive her into the earth. The urge is so uncontrollable that words can't describe it, and actions are physically impossible to act upon. This is how Danny felt about Liz, and though he couldn't force the two of them through the couch and into the floor, he sure as hell tried. 

"UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OH! OH!" she moaned with each hard thrust as he jackhammered in and out of her. She was gonna cum again! He was losing it as well. There was only so long you could fuck such a hot woman with such passion before you lose it. 

Reaching within himself, Danny thrusted even more rapidly, pistoning in and out of her needy cunt. She came again, her ass bouncing off the couch meeting his thrusts as fast as he was thrusting. Her entire body surged with pleasure, the walls of her treasure were squeezing and releasing his driving cock. 

He slid his entire penis deep into her vagina and held it there. He looked at her face, taking in the entire scene. Her eyes were closed, clenched together in extasy as she came. He lost it. Danny's cock spasmed, firing a stream of hot cum deep inside Liz's womb. He moaned, penis jerking again, shooting two more loads of sperm into her convulsing pussy. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh.." she sighed, rubbing her mound up against him as he drained his balls into her. Gasping for breath, their lips found each other and they kissed repeatedly as the last of his cum dripped into her hungry vagina. Their lips smacked repeatedly as he remained inside her, softening. 

After a few minutes of tender kissing, once they recovered enough to breath normally, he slid his penis out of her dripping pussy.