 Over the next hour, the two talked, laughed, and enjoyed a small lunch. The entire time, neither could get the fantastic sex they just had out of their mind. Both were aroused the entire hour, and they just let that arousal build. 

He was wearing only boxers, and she was looking sexy in just her T-shirt and panties. The phone rang and Danny answered it. 

"Hello?"

"Hi!" It was Charmaine. 

"Hey!" he said, smiling at the thought of what he'd been up to. Liz knew immediately who it was. Smiling mischievously, she approached him. 

"I was just bored so I thought I'd call you. " Charmaine said. Danny mumbled a reply as he watched Liz pull his semi hard cock out of his underwear. She sunk to her knees before him, and her tongue snaked out, licking at his balls as her hand stroked his stiffening rod. She slowly licked her way up his shaft, her tongue trailing saliva around his mushroom head. Charmaine launched into a story about something that happened at work as her friend sunk Danny's penis into her mouth. He had to stifle a moan, smiling, tuning out his girlfriend's story as his entire cock slid into Liz's expert mouth. Liz sucked gently on it, keeping it's entire length in her mouth as he leaned back against the kitchen table, talking on the cordless. She held the sides of his hips with both hands and, just using her mouth, began to bob her head back and forth on his crotch. His 6 inch dick slid in and out of her mouth, her lips wrapped snugly around it. He grabbed her blonde hair with one hand while holding the phone with the other, listening to his girlfriend talk to him while he got head from her best friend. 

Liz began to slurp loudly on his dick and Charmaine could hear it in the background as she spoke, but didn't give it a second thought. Why would she think her boyfriend was getting head? 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' Liz sucked loud on his organ, really getting into it. She was so turned on by now, the idea that her friend's boyfriend's cock was in her mouth as they spoke on the phone! She couldn't take it anymore. She pulled his rod out of her mouth with a slurp and stood up. 

He watched her push her panties down her long, sexy legs as he listened to Charmaine on the phone. Liz stepped out of her dainty panties and sat up on the kitchen table, pulling him between her legs. Danny sunk to his knees between her legs, still holding the phone to his ear. A beautiful pussy loomed before him. 

He said "ya?" into the phone, so his girlfriend would think he's paying attention, than he sucked Liz's gorgeous cunt lips into his mouth, tasting her. With the mouthpiece right beside Liz's pussy, Danny lapped at her swollen lips. Liz sighed quietly above him. He slid his tongue into that amazing pussy as far as it would go, his nose buried in the short fur of her bush. 

"Can you believe that?" he heard a voice. Oh, right, the phone. He slipped his tongue out of Liz's pussy. 

"Ahhmmm... no! What bullshit!" he said. His voice sounded somewhat muffled to Charmaine, but again, the difference was subtle, and it was dismissed. 

"I know!" Charmaine said, to his relief. Lucky guess! He kissed those pussy lips once more before standing up. Liz curled her toes over the edge of the table, opening herself up for him as wide as possible. Her pussy was burning with need, lust, and desire. She grabbed his hard organ and he watched her place the mushroom head against her pink lips. Charmaine was talking, he was not sure what she was saying, but it sounded like she was wrapping things up. 

He pushed forward, unable to resist his desire. He watched the lips of Liz's pussy part for him and he easily slid into her warmth. Danny was barely able to stifle a moan as her cunt embraced him. 

Liz wasn't so lucky. 

"Ohhhh" she moaned softly, letting it slip. Fortunately, Charmaine was talking and missed the sound. 

"I love you. " she said, having no idea that his penis was buried in her friend's vagina. 

"I love you, too. " he managed, rubbing his groin against Liz's. He got off the phone, setting it on the table beside them. 

"You are evil!" he said, smiling. Liz smiled back at him, a hand reaching around him and grabbing his ass while she leaned back on the other hand. 

"Ya, but what are you gonna do about it?"she said, looking at him with those dark eyes. 

"Fuck you really, really hard. " he said in one tone. 

"Oh no!" she said in mock despair. He pulled her close, kissing her hard. Their lips smacked loudly, repeatedly, and he slipped a tongue into her mouth. He began to slide his member in and out of her slowly as they kissed passionately. She moved her feet and placed them on his ass, pulling him towards her as he thrusted. Danny slid his cock into her deep and held it there, and pushed up her shirt. He pulled her shirt up over her head, exposing her tits, getting her completely naked for him. He resumed fucking her, this time a little harder. He watched Liz's tits bounce with each of his thrusts. 

"Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned each time he slid into her. He watched her lean back on her hands, giving herself up to him. He could clearly see his penis sliding into her treasure over and over, pulling her pink lips outward every time he withdrew. Her feet flailed behind him as he went even faster still, and she could feel the beginnings of another orgasm. 

The table began to drag back and forth across the floor as he screwed the helpless woman as hard as he could. "OH! OH! OH! OH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH!" she moaned louder, an orgasm creeping ever closer. When it hit her, it caught her a little off guard. He suddenly gave 5 or 6 rapid thrusts and that tipped her over the edge. "UNHHHH! OHHHHHH!" she cried, cumming. 

The walls of her vagina convulsed around his driving organ. Her face was flushed, clenched in extasy as her entire body shook. Her moans were very loud, and the people upstairs listened with amusement. He fucked her through her orgasm before he withdrew his dick with a slurp. Liz half lay on the kitchen table before him, long, sexy legs spread wide, pink, swollen pussy lips swollen and partially open, needing his cock back in there. Her breasts were heaving as she gasped for breath. 

"Let's go to the bedroom. " he said. Wordlessly, she slid off the table and led the way. His eyes were glued to her gorgeous, naked ass as she walked into the room he shared with his girlfriend. To his delight, Danny watched her crawl onto his bed on her hands and knees, beautiful ass sticking up at him. 

He took in the magnificent view, filing every detail away for his future pleasure. The way her smallish tits hung from her chest, the way she stuck that sexy ass up, her long, smooth legs, the bottoms of her feet. Taking his cue, he knelt behind her. 

Liz's pussy was buzzing with anticipation, her heart was pounding, her breathing was laboured as she waited to be filled up. Knowing that a cock was about to slide into you soon, but not knowing exactly when, was enough to make her head spin! 

Gently, Danny ran the head of his penis down the crack of her ass ever so slowly. She felt a sudden surge of desire shoot through her ass as his manhood rubbed past the entrance to her anus. Down her moist pussy lips, his mushroom head went, searching for her entrance. The hottest, wettest area yet let him know that he had found it. Pushing forward, he slid his rod into Liz's vagina, and she gobbled his entire length eagerly. 

"Ohhhhhh... " she sighed. "Ohh God that feels good!" she moaned. She pushed her ass back against him, holding his full hard on inside her pussy. Grabbing the soft sides of her ass, Danny began to thrust in and out of her. He slapped hard against her ass, and he watched as her cheeks shook with every impact. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned with each hard thrust. 'slap, slap, slap, slap, slap' went his groin against her ass. "Ohhhhh God!" she moaned as she felt him slide faster in and out of her slick tunnel. As horny as her pussy was, she could not shake the feeling in her asshole ever since his cock brushed up against it. 

"Danny?" she breathed as he fucked her doggystyle. 

"What?" he asked, slowing down, but not stopping. 

"Have you ever done anal?" she asked, still gasping for breath. How he stopped himself from filling her cunt up with his cum right there and then, he'll never know. 

"Um.. "he swallowed, trying to contain his excitement, "yes. " 

"Will you put it in my ass?" she asked. His cock jerked at her words, and this time he thought his sperm was gonna shoot right through her! Again, he got a hold of himself. 

"Oh God, yes!" he said, pulling his dick out of her warm twat. Grabbing an asscheek in each hand, he spread them apart, bending down behind her, exposing her tight asshole. He kissed each of the lovely globes of her ass, over and over, each kiss creeping ever closer to her crack. He kissed just inside the crack of her ass, right beside her asshole. His tongue snaked out and licked underneath her, trailing up her pussy lips, up the crack of her ass, ever so slowly. 

Pleasure surged throughout Liz's body as she felt his tongue on her pussy, and then her ass. His tongue slowly made its way to the entrance to her ass. He twirled it around the rim. Liz caught her breath as she felt his tongue slowly penetrate her asshole. She sighed, her hand reaching down between her legs and rubbing her clit. He slid his tongue in and out of her anus while she fingered herself, lubricating her ass entirely. 

Giving her ass one more kiss, Danny got up and knelt behind her. He dipped his hard cock into her pussy, covering it with her juices. She moaned, softly. He slid out of her, running his dick up her crack slowly, stopping at her other hole. Her fingers were diddling her clitoris rapidly when she felt him touch her asshole. 

Grabbing the sides of her ass, he pushed forward. Her tight ass wouldn't give. 

He pushed forward again as she tried to relax, this time he continued pushing, rather than stopping. Finally, her anus stretched open and he watched the head of his dick slip inside. 

"OHHH fuck... " she groaned, clenching her teeth. He could push into her an inch more, but was forced to slide it mostly out again. Once more, he pushed forward, this time, half of his penis slid into Liz's asshole. 

"OHHHH MY GOD!" she cried, an orgasm heading her way already, but her fingers forgot to continue rubbing. Now he was in far enough to slide his dick in and out of her, each time going a little deeper. A few thrusts later, Danny slid his entire cock into Liz's anus. He began to fuck her up the ass, and was surprised that she was actually ramming her ass back to meet each of his hard thrusts. 

She resumed fingering herself again, somehow managing to meet his thrusts at the same time. A HUGE orgasm was on its way, she didn't know if her heart could take it. Her moans were so loud she was nearly screaming. "UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OHH! UNH!... UUUNNNHHHHH!!! OHHHHHHH GOD!" she came. Her orgasm was everything it was built up to be. She had to stop breathing, clenching her teeth, heart pounding, both hands clenching the blankets. 

Danny continued to slap against her, having some difficulty, as her ass was clamping tightly onto his cock as she came. Tears were in her eyes as she again began to gasp for breath. He was listening to her, watching her ass shake with each impact, staring down her sexy legs to the bottom of her feet. Her tits were shaking back and forth as he continued to fuck her hard up the ass. Liz was weak. Her knees were weak, her arms were weak, she was laying face down on the bed, her legs barely holding herself up. 

Danny was losing it. He had a deathgrip on her ass as he rammed himself into her over and over as hard as he could. He lost it. slamming his cock deep into her ass, he held it there. His penis spasmed, shooting a thick load of hot cum into Liz's asshole. He came again and again, not knowing where he got all this sperm! Wad upon wad shot deep in her ass as she pressed it against his groin, whimpering in pain and pleasure. He moaned as he emptied his seed into her. 

They both gasped for breath as his penis softened in her asshole. He slipped it out, and he lay beside her. Pussy and ass still buzzing, Liz put an arm and a leg around him, holding onto him as she rested, smiling. 

They made love 2 more times that day before she left. Each time ending in him dumping his load in her pussy. 

She promised to visit more often.