 I had come home one morning after a late shift to find my straight girlfriend, Cheryl, naked in bed with her straight best friend, Sara. I entertained the possibility of a threesome, but before I could make the first move, Sara woke up and offered to take me on herself. We expected Cheryl to wake as we fucked beside her, but she was passed out from the previous night's drinking. After I'd finished inside Sara, we decided not to let Cheryl know just yet after all, and we continued our affair in the living room, then the bathroom, where Sara became the first woman to accept a load of my sperm down her throat.

We'd gone in the bathroom to hide, because we knew Cheryl was waking in the next room and we needed to buy ourselves time. We turned on the shower to mask our voices, but that only steamed things up, which is how Sara ended up sucking down my cum. I still intended to tell Cheryl what happened, but needed to work with Sara to come up with how. Now that we were finished--or at least at a stopping point --I was ready to confess all. The fact that Cheryl had cheated on me with Sara first led me to believe my chances of being forgiven were possible, if not good, and if I was lucky, maybe a threesome was still in the realm of possibility.

As much as I wanted to tend to Sara again in all capacities--and take a long fucking time doing it--I knew we had to do something very important. We had to address the Cheryl problem...

Laying on the floor of the bathroom, my dick still hard but deflating, Sara still watching me, I spoke over the sound of the still-running shower.

"What are we going to do?"

Everything became awkward then, because reality was starting to really sink in. I recalled the fact that Sara had never shown interest in me before, sexual or otherwise, and I wondered what had turned her so quickly and so much that she would risk hurting her best friend over me. And since I didn't know her motivations, I couldn't trust her. I'd never felt like we were enemies before, but there had never been a question of where Sara's loyalties laid. Now that I'd shown my cards, was she going to blame me? And if so, who would Cheryl believe? And would it really matter?

Despite these questions and hundreds more just like it, I didn't want Sara any less than when I'd been sucking her pussy minutes earlier. But I did need to know if she felt the same way. While the line had already been crossed, that didn't mean we had to stay on this side of it. My feelings for Sara were mostly merely physical, after all, but I loved Cheryl both physically and mentally.

I'd never thought Sara had feelings for me in either category, but now it seemed she had some in at least one. 

With time running out, I decided the best way to figure this all out was the direct approach, but without being nasty about it.

"I didn't think you thought of me like this."

"I didn't," Sara said, suddenly looking very uncomfortable as if just realizing the ramifications if she was caught. "I mean, I don't."

She looked scared now, and folded her arms across her wet breasts. Her plump orbs looked even bigger as they squeezed out below and over her arms.

I wasn't insulted, but I couldn't say I was entirely unhurt, either.

"Then what are we doing?"

She shook her head. Not in the mood to talk. Or too confused to do so. I would have given anything to know what she was thinking.

And then, as she burst into tears, keeping her sobs as quiet as possible, she told me.

"I'm so sorry."

"About what?"

A few more tears and a reddening face. "I wasn't the only one she was with last night."

I tried to imagine which other of her girlfriends Cheryl might have slept with, but then the sadness and regret in Sara's voice hit me. The second friend hadn't been a girl.

"A...guy?"

Sara nodded, tears dripping from her face along with the sweat brought on by the still steamy shower.

I was crushed, but I knew it was important that I didn't overreact. What had I already done with Sara? And what did I still want to do? Accident or not, I wasn't exactly a saint.

"She didn't know any better," Sara said. "I barely remember it myself. We were so drunk. I was so stupid. I...convinced her." As she spilled the truth, Sara couldn't stop crying. 

She'd never shown me even a hint of this soft side before. Knowing her party-hard, boy-crazy ways, I knew this guy had to be her fault. I imagined she had met a guy at one of the bars, had him drive them here to drop off Cheryl. But Sara had a way of talking big and not backing it up. Maybe she had teased this guy with a threesome, and then wanted him so bad that she did back it up. Convinced Cheryl, who couldn't hold her liquor nearly as well, to join in. In fact, it would have been easy for Sara to be drunk enough to make the mistake of going too far, but sober enough to execute the plan, and for Cheryl to be so drunk off the same number of drinks that she wouldn't have been herself at all.

And sure enough, the story Sara told me followed those lines almost perfectly. She had picked the guy up, but he was more interested in Cheryl. Sara wanted him so bad, though, that she convinced Cheryl into doing a threesome. Cheryl, by that time, was so far gone she couldn't even walk, and Sara and the guy were too drunk to drive. But they drove anyway, just four blocks to the closest place--me and Cheryl's apartment. Once in bed, the guy concentrated all his efforts on Cheryl, and Cheryl let him. All Sara got to do was sit by and watch, occasionally pleasuring the others; briefly sucking and kissing the guy, eating Cheryl out in a first real attempt at bisexuality. Otherwise she was more audience than participant as the guy fucked Cheryl for what Sara said "seemed like hours". He came inside Cheryl while pounding her doggie style. Oh, but that was his second orgasm. Cheryl had swallowed the first load...

"Bullshit," I said, believing the horror until that last line. Cheryl never swallowed me. Even when she was drunk. The only part of her I'd ever cum on was her hand, and even that she hadn't liked.

Sara didn't give in, though. "It's not. I'm sorry, but it's not."

"That still doesn't explain why you fucked me."

Sara shook her head. "No, you fucked me. I let you. Because I was sorry. I thought...I thought you knew."

Now I shook my head. "You thought I knew you had a threesome, and that my response was to undress next to you without saying a word?"

"I thought maybe you didn't care...as long as you got your turn."

I tried not to admit to myself that there was possibly some truth to that. "Sara...why would you think I knew you and Cheryl had a threesome with some stranger from the bar?"

"Because I heard him leave like 5 seconds before you came home! You mean you didn't see him leave the apartment?"

And then I realized I did. I didn't see a guy actually leave through our door, but I saw someone unfamiliar leaving from the direction of my place just as I was getting there. I didn't think anything of it, because there were lots of doors he could have come from.

The reality was starting to hit me. Sara could've been telling the truth. Or at least partly. I still couldn't believe Cheryl would've been as wild and uninhibited as Sara claimed. And I doubted Sara had only a small part in the threesome. But Cheryl could have been taken advantage of. Sara was a bit of a fiend, especially while drunk. She could've felt fine about it until it was too late...like now.

"I wanted to give you what he got from Cheryl. Because I was so sorry." 

"A pity fuck?" I snapped. "A pity blowjob? Or do you just beg all the men in your life to cum down your throat? Fucking slut." I regretted saying it, all of it, even as the words left my mouth, but I didn't try to take it back. Sure, I'd been a willing partner, but seducing me had been a stupid move on her part. She hadn't made anything easier, only infinitely more difficult.

Sara was really sobbing now. She'd been doing it before I'd said those awful things to her, but it was still hard to believe she cared about my feelings that much. She'd never shown any concern for me before. However, this was a pretty big deal. 

But I had more important things to think about than Sara.

The Cheryl-being-taken-advantage-of theory was enough to get me so worried that just outright confessing seemed like the only logical next step. I grabbed Sara by the shoulders and was pulling her away from the door so I could go out and talk to Cheryl when a loud noise startled me. It was the front door slamming shut. I tried to figure out who could be here, because I hadn't heard Cheryl open the bedroom door, which was just inches away.

"Sara?" It was Cheryl's voice, coming from the bedroom.

So who was coming in through the door?

"No. It's me."

A guy's voice. Sara's shocked expression told me all I needed to know as to the identity.

A surge of anger pushed through me, and I held the door handle tightly. But I didn't move. I needed to be rational about this. I'd just cheated, too. Going crazy wasn't going to help anybody. And from what I knew, Cheryl had been dead drunk when she cheated. My worst fear at that moment was that Cheryl would hear this stranger's voice and become terrified that someone was breaking in.

But I didn't know how to handle it, whatever happened. And so I stayed there, frozen, thinking.

"Sara?" Cheryl again. This time louder, right next to the bedroom door.

With the shower running, Cheryl had to know Sara was in the bathroom. Sara understood this before I did. She got up and jumped into the spray of the shower.

"Just give me a second," she called back, her red, worried eyes on me.

Now I was really thinking. Because Cheryl hadn't acted as I'd expected. The male voice, obviously not mine, hadn't seemed to faze her. Unless, somehow, she hadn't heard it.

I heard the bedroom door open.

"Hey, there you are," Cheryl said. Sounding tired, but almost cheerful.

Then the guy's voice. "I walked to the bar and picked up my car. But I was hoping I didn't have to go home yet."

"Oh, ok."

My heart stopped. I pushed my ear against the door. Even with the shower running behind me, if a pin would've dropped, I would've heard it.

But what I heard was light, gentle moaning.

No fucking way.

Cheryl was the most honest woman I'd ever met. If someone had held a gun to her head and forced her to cheat, she still wouldn't have done it to me. These weren't my expectations of her. These were her expectations of herself. At least, that was what I'd thought before this morning. Now I knew she'd already slept with Sara. And probably this guy. But she'd been drunk then. Very drunk.

She didn't sound drunk now.

"Hurry up, Sara. We're gonna start without you," Cheryl called, the sound of her voice fading as she moved deeper into the bedroom.

When I looked back to Sara, the shock on my face was paralleled on hers. She couldn't believe it, either.

Sara turned off the water, didn't even bother to dry herself, and headed for me and the door.

"I'll stop her. I'll get rid of him."

"No," I said, grabbing her by the wrist, glaring at her. I didn't have to tell her that I wanted to see if Cheryl was really going to cheat on me.

"Don't you want to stop her?"

"I want to see how badly you've fucked her up," I snapped.

But Sara didn't want me to see that, and she pushed past me and ran out of the bathroom.

"Cheryl! Cheryl! Oh God..." she said.

I didn't like the sound of that "Oh God", and so I slowly made my way out of the bathroom and into the hall. I didn't go into the bedroom. I didn't have to. From the hallway, I could look through the bedroom entry and get a perfect view of my bed. Anyone on the bed looking my way would be looking into darkness, and would have to be trying to find me to actually spot me.

What I saw was Sara standing wet and naked by the bed, her back to me. And just past her, my beloved girlfriend Cheryl was laying her small, skinny, tan, nude body on top of another man. He wasn't quite as tall as me, but he was more muscular, and looked especially big compared to her small form. His shirt was off, exposing hard abs and harder pecs, which Cheryl stroked with one hand. With her other hand she was stroking his big, hard erection that had already found it's way out of the pants still at his waist. He had a muscular arm around her, his hand planted firmly on her tight, bubbly little ass. One of her B-cup breasts rested on top of his torso, the other hiding behind it. The nipple I could see was long and hard, and he was using his free hand to play with it. They were kissing hard and deep, and they were so focused that they didn't look up even to acknowledge Sara.

I kept reminding myself that I had cheated, too. But I had always intended for Cheryl to find out. Sara and I expected her to wake up when we fucked beside her. And when I took Sara into the living room and bedroom, it was an impulse thing. The whole time I knew I was going to confess, and any future sex with Sara would be only with Cheryl's blessing and presence.

But Cheryl. She was drunk last night. Yet sober enough to remember this guy. And she was of sound mind now, and had chosen him again. There was no reason for me to believe she was going to tell me about it.

That reminded me of something. I had expected to have gotten home hours before I actually did. So Cheryl should have been expecting me. Did she want me to catch her like this?

"Sara," Cheryl said without even looking up. "Come on." She took her hand off the guy's dick to pat the bed beside him.

Sara looked back to me. I glared at her grim-faced, but then gave a slight nod. I didn't want to see this, but I needed to know how far it would go. And Sara knew her own punishment was to let me find out. She climbed onto the bed.

"Would you do me a favor, though?" Cheryl asked. "Eric's car has this really loud alarm, and I'll hear it chirp when he gets home and arms it..."

Our parking spaces where directly beneath our bedroom. Cheryl always teased me about knowing the second I got home whether she was awake or not because of the chirp of my alarm being set. I had set it this morning, but I hadn't parked in our spots. Sara's car was in my space. Cheryl's in the other one. I had to park in the street, so nobody had heard me.

"It'll give Greg a little time to get out of here, but if you listen for it, you should hear Eric's car drive up. That'll give us more time. For Greg to leave, and for you to get dressed and get on the couch. I'll go in the bathroom. Okay?"

No, she wasn't going to tell me. She was plotting how to get away with it.

"Haven't you had enough?" Sara asked, clearly trying to prevent me from seeing more, but knowing I didn't want her directly interfering.

Cheryl responded by stopping the kiss and giving the question half a second's thought, although that half second was spent still jerking Greg off and looking dreamily into his eyes. Without saying a word she moved down and sucked on his nipples. Soon she moved on down his abs, finally reaching his dick. She licked his cock and testicles all over, lathering them up with her saliva.

Sara looked sadly at me. Apologetic.

"We're going to get caught, Cheryl," she said. "Come on..."

"I just want to do it one more time," Cheryl said, and then she took the cock in her mouth and sucked it down until her lips were nearly at his base. Greg groaned.

"And you can eat my pussy again while I suck him," Cheryl continued.

I couldn't believe my ears. This wasn't the Cheryl I knew. She was good in bed, but never this calm about being this uninhibited. And to be so selfish as to have Sara join only for her pleasure was just stunning. Sara looked back at me again, and I could see she was as confused about this transformation as I was. She was also getting angry. Sara wasn't used to taking orders like that and being reduced to a secondary role.

"Okay. But I want to suck him first," Sara said.

Cheryl was bobbing up and down on Greg's cock when she hummed the "Uh-uh" negative reply.

"Come on," Sara pressed. "You had him all to yourself basically last night. Just let me suck him first."

Already out of breath, Cheryl pulled off the dick, strings of saliva hanging from her lips, and gasped out loud. "Okay."

She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and climbed up Greg's chest. Sara moved into position between his legs, taking his pants all the way off and then giving me one more understanding look before grabbing the cock and putting it in her mouth. She went to town on him right away, massaging his balls with one hand, stroking his base with the other, and really blowing him fast. But just a few seconds in, she pulled off and called to Cheryl, who was already sitting herself on Greg's face.

"Cheryl. I want you to lick me."

"Sara..." Cheryl whined.

"You wanted us to try things out with each other. I did it for you last night. Now it's your turn."

"Okay. You're right," Cheryl said, not sounding disgusted, just disappointed. As if pleasing someone else right now was just too much to ask.

Cheryl climbed off the bed, giving the first moment where she looked my way. But her eyes swept right past. She kneeled down at the end of the bed, where Sara's ass was waiting for her face up, legs spread, pussy hanging just over the edge. After a several tentative licks, Cheryl started eating away.

It didn't make sense to me that Sara, who clearly felt so bad about all of this, would suddenly be willing to suck Greg's dick so vigorously (which she was already doing again, by the way), and so insistent that my girlfriend eat her cunt. But as soon as I asked myself that question, I had the answer. It was to spare me from seeing the worst of Cheryl. Obviously there were better circumstances in which to watch your girlfriend fulfill the girl-on-girl fantasy, but Sara was giving it to me while also keeping me from having to see Greg eat her out instead. And Sara was blowing the guy so Cheryl wouldn't.

Of course, it was only a matter of time before Cheryl had her turn.

But then I realized that Sara had that covered as well. She was sucking Greg so hard and fast now there wasn't a question as to what she was doing. And sure enough, in mere seconds Greg was calling out.

"Slow down. Oh shit, slow down or I'm gonna....oh fuck. Oh shit!"

Cheryl heard the warnings, pulled away from Sara's pussy and jumped on the bed.

"Sara! What are you doing? Stop it, dammit!"

I couldn't believe it. She was actually pissed.

But Sara ignored her, held onto Greg for dear life, deep throated him, and Greg shouted to announce his orgasm. He then held his breath as his cum blasted into Sara's mouth. Cheryl had grown quiet, watching Sara's defiance with her own disbelief. It was so silent in the room that I could actually hear Sara's repeated swallows as she gulped down Greg's load.

When Sara finally pulled off, she wiped her mouth on her forearm and looked boldly to Cheryl. "There. It's over. Now Greg can go home and you can take some time to think about things."

Cheryl looked as mad as I'd ever seen her. "You bitch!" she said, and she slapped Sara across the face. "Get out of here!"

In tears, Sara got up but couldn't take her eyes off her friend. "Cheryl!" she called out, but couldn't think of what to say after. "What are you doing?" she finally cried.

"None of your fucking business!" Cheryl shouted back, but rather than keep arguing, she climbed back onto Greg in a sixty-nine, presenting herself to his mouth and lowering her face to his softening, cum-streaked dick.

It had been a bold effort, but Sara hadn't stopped anything. Yet she'd helped immensely. Because now I knew Cheryl's true colors, shocking as they were.

Still in tears, Sara grabbed her clothes, threw them on, not even bothering with her bra and underwear. Clutching them and her purse, she ran out of the bedroom, pushing past me, muttering "I'm sorry" so soft and fast I barely caught it.
