 Authors Note: This is part 2 of My Girlfriend's Best Friend Sabrina and focuses on the character of Tiff. Thanks for all the support, part 3 is coming soon with more on Sabrina!

*

My cock was still rock hard, but the sound of the knocking stirred me. I stood, feet planted firmly on the ground while my body grew stiff and cold. A heavy weight formed in the pit of my stomach, anxious as began to breathe heavy- enough to make my breath hitch. 

Normally, when one hears a very loud, aggressive knock like the one currently pounding on my front door- especially late at night- it's logical to assume the police are the ones doing the knocking. I glanced at my closed laptop, and after hearing no follow-up indicated it was local law enforcement, breathed easy knowing my pirated films were safe for now. 

A second knock came, this time disturbing me enough to investigate. I took one last glance at Sabrina's tits and locked my phone screen, walking out of my room towards the front door. If it was Sabrina, I had no idea what to do; I guess I could simply just wing it and whatever happened happened, but I felt a dreaded duty to shoo her away this late at night. The thought of such didn't sit right with me, however, and on an innate level, I couldn't visualize myself doing it. It felt as though I simply didn't have it in me.

I nearly stumbled into the wall of my hallway- still not sober, I thought- before straightening up and clearing my throat. I looked into my hallway mirror, rubbing my chin before a devilish idea sprung into my head. I slowly unbuttoned my shirt, revealing my torso. I had a bit of a dadbod, but still looked presentable enough with some chest hair thrown in for good measure. Though my arms and shoulders visibly looked good enough, the small belly on my stomach probably gave away I wasn't a male model, I wistfully though. Still, Sabrina was a bit of a tease, so I figured even if I didn't plan on doing anything, I could at least drive her wild or possibly play it off as a joke should she laugh.

'Dennis you clever sunuvabitch,' I thought to myself, nodding with a dopey grin on my face before aiming two finger guns at my reflection. 

With drunken confidence raging in me, I walked to the door, not even bothering to check the peephole. My hand gripped the doorknob, my heart pounded so much my other hand was shaking. Was this really going to happen? I breathed out, closed my eyes and opened the door.

I was face to face with Tiff, aka Vanessa, looking about as grouchy as ever; she was a sore sight for eyes.

"Oh uh, hi," I began. "You're not...living here." I said gracefully, almost telling her she was not Sabrina. "You don't live here." I reiterated. 

"Yeah no shit," she said venomously. I should have slammed the door right then and there. "We need to talk."

Normally this phrase was accompanied by the eventual departure of whoever said it form my life. In this case, however, I didn't anticipate this would be happening.

"What uh, what about?" I asked. I leaned up against the door frame, taking no heed in hiding my open shirt. "If it's directions back to your place, you basically just go anywhere but here."

"Look can I just come in?" she again stated, not waiting for a response as she barged in. I took a look out of the front door and down the hallway on either side. Not seeing Sabrina, I closed the door and followed after Tiff, looking out of the kitchen window as we made our way passed it- stopping only for a moment to grab my screwdriver- vodka would be necessary for any Tiff related conversation. Finally, we made our way to the living room. Without invitation, she dropped the bag she had on her, to the side of the sofa.

"Hey my bellboy could have gotten that for you."

"Look. I just..." she began, ignoring my remark. Tiff closed her eyes and brought her hands up, clenching her firsts before opening them up, sighing as she did. She wasn't too far away from me, allowing me to take a deep whiff of her. Mixed with her cheap perfume was the heavy scent of alcohol- letting me know that she had gotten a fair amount both in and on herself. Her lightly tanned skin glistened with a hint of sweat- alcohol and partying contributing to her sweltering state. Tiff wore a tight polo shirt, with a row of buttons that traveled down towards her cleavage- a good number of which were open, allowing for a view of her plump breasts. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail, and her jeans clung tight to her stout body. For a thick girl, the entire outfit could not have been comfortable, especially at the end of a night out. 

"What are you doing here?" I finally asked.

"Look," she began again, much more slowly and composed. "My roommate is...with someone," she said. I failed to see how this was my problem.

"So go to Kaya's, or better yet, don't you have like some sort of boyfriend or something?" I vaguely recalled Tiff had some douchebag wrapped around her finger. I had the misfortune of meeting him once, recalling that he had all of the pompous attitude of being in a fraternity without actually being in one. 

"Kaya is sleeping," she said. "And Bren is out of town."

I pulled out my phone, leaning back against a wall and unlocking it. Quickly, I realized the screen was still on Sabrina's nude selfie. In a flash, I quickly went back to messages, hoping Tiff didn't see anything. She didn't seem to.

"And since you're dating my best friend," she continued- apparently having continued to keep talking while I wasn't paying attention. "The least you can do is keep me up for the night."

I rapidly tapped on my phone screen. 'Sorry, something came up. Rain check?' I texted Sabrina. I added a playful winking face. I nodded, smiling at that wink. 'Dennis you smooth bastard.' I thought to myself.

"Huh? Wait. Keep you up all night?" I asked, a bit confused by her phrasing. 

"I said take me in for the night," she answered with a look of disgust on her face, as if I was implying I was going to be tasked to have sex with her. 

"What type of logic is that?" I asked, annoyed. 

"YOU made Kaya cry," she said, pointing a finger at me. "It's the fuckin least you can do." Her logic failed to win me over, however.

"We made up," I answered back as she began rifling through her bag. "So, you know, yeah." I finished strongly, nodding my head. Tiff continued to dig through her bag. I caught a glimpse of a box of tampons, as well as what appeared to be a pair of panties. I quickly glanced back up, pretending to not have noticed. Her large ass strained against the jeans, the sound of the fabric stretching and clinging to her body not lost on my ears. Her lightly bronzed skin shone with a bit under the room lighting, her hair clinging to her face. She was uncomfortable, and probably wanted out of those clothes. I never gave Tiff much of a thought sexually, but something about her appearance appealed to me- she was tired, barely containing her displeasure. It made her almost more primal, as if begging to be taken. I pursed my lips, imagining slapping her ass to annoy her. Again, I averted my eyes, hoping she wouldn't notice THAT either. She didn't seem to buy it though and closed her bag. 

"So what you got your fucking blowjob?" she asked me, picking up her bag again. I was silenced, though that probably wasn't her intention. Her face changed from snarky to genuine curiosity. "Did you..." she continued before realizing nothing had transpired. For a second, I could have mistaken her tone for genuine empathy. "Oh. Ouch..." she said with a sly grin on her face. Damn bitch. Tiff clutched her bag and began to meander towards my room. 

"Hey yo wait what," i suddenly called out, moved from my sullen mood. "Where do you think YOU'RE going?" 

"What? Were you seriously going to put me out on your couch?" she said, motioning towards my well loved sofa, which, admittedly, had seen better days. "That thing smells like farts!"

"What? Huh? No, it..." I stopped myself. I couldn't vouch for the cleanliness of it, as much as it was an attack on my pride. "Look you can't have my bed!"

"Tough shit," she said wandering back towards my room. How the fuck did Bren deal with her? My anger flared up once more, and the last bit of patience I had came crashing with it. Any bit of enjoyment tonight had been snatched from my hands and I would be damned if I let Kaya's bitch friend rob me of the peace and joy of my own bed.

"Fuck you! You...you fucking..." I growled, and without much thought, my hand reached over and grabbed her arm. Her bag dropped once I did, and she turned to me instantly. Her eyes were wide and wild, staring a hole right through me. The mood grew tense. Tiff was no pushover, and I knew this was a point of no return for me. But I didn't care. I was fucking furious; furious at Kaya being so withholding, of Sabrina for pulling me into a moral tailspin, and now Tiff for ages of needling and abuse. 

"What?" she hissed quietly. Her arm tried to move, but my fingers grabbed tighter, holding it in place. Her skin felt warm and soft, tender under my fingers. "What were you going to say? Huh?" Tiff challenged me. Her eyes narrowed, body turning towards me. Before I could answer, she moved even closer to me. "You were gonna call me what a bitch? A fat fucking bitch? That's it isn't it? Say it, say it to my fucking face!" she barked, now less than a foot away from my face. Her voice never really bothered me, but the mix of anger, whininess and intensity continue to push my buttons.

"You're a fucking CUNT!" I screamed back at her. My words took her aback, momentarily speechless. She moved to open her mouth but I cut her off. "Shut the fuck up!" I yelled at her. It felt so cathartic to say. Tiff's mouth clenched tight, her eyes continued to narrow. I could tell she was about to unleash something probably unforgivable and cutting, but I cut her off right as she began to speak.

"You-"

"SHUT THE FUCK UP!" I yelled back at her.

Tiff reacted by slapping me, as hard as she could while she trembled. It took me by surprise, throwing me off for a second. My hand touched my face, as if uncertain if that had even happened. I looked back at her, to see her shaking, furious. And with that, all I could do was laugh. 

For all the mental games and psychological bullshit Tiff put me through, she had simply stooped down to my level. I understood now fully this was what she wanted. She made no attempt to leave, or to continue to slap me or even say anything else. All she did was stand there, watching me, wanting my reaction, wanting me to push back. Who knows how often she encountered it given she usually got her way.

Still gripping her arm, I clenched tight again, pulling Tiff towards me. She wasn't expecting it and nearly stumbled forward, holding her arms out to catch her fall on me. I had none of it, and pushed her away, using my free hand to smack her ass. Tiff groaned, a hoarse, husky bellow as my hand stung her huge ass. In truth, the smack probably hurt my hand more than anything, but it sent a clear message to her, that I wasn't afraid to play tit for tat. I could hear her breathing, heavy and labored breaths, before she finally looked at me. The wild look in her eyes remained, but it was less confrontational- more uncertain and ashamed, masked with a light layer of faint pink. 

My hand moved back and smacked her ass once more, this time with a bit more knowledge. I smacked the meatiest portion of her other cheek now, inflicting less sting on my hand. Tiff grumbled, groaning and nearly falling to the ground. Her ass felt firm, yet soft with some give, and I could only imagine how it looked. For a thicker girl, she certainly wasn't a marshmallow. My cock had the same idea, and strained against my pants, begging to FINALLY get some sort of release. I glanced once more at Tiff; her eyes were closed, breathing slowly from her mouth, her face a bright pink now. My cock was painfully hard, and I knew jerking off alone wasn't going to solve this.

I walked back to the couch, dragging Tiff with me who eagerly followed. Easily overpowering her, I pushed over over the arm of it, watching as she flopped onto it further, presenting her ass to me more. I slowly moved towards her, placing my hands at her hips and digging my fingers in. Her pants were more than just snug against her body, they were skintight and I could tell by her awkward movement and uneasy shifting on the arm of the couch that comfort was an impossibility. I moved in closer, pressing my crotch and hips right up against her ass, pinning my cock against her. Despite the pants and underwear, she could clearly feel my dick with vivid detail imprinting on her. I grinded slowly, up and down, so carefully and casually that every movement only intensified with each passing second. I could hear her quiet breathing, gasping under her breath while the back and forth friction of our jeans added to her bubbling lust. 

My heart felt heavy, guilty and shame surging through my veins. Tiff's ass felt better than anything I could have imagined, soft and heavenly. Sure, Kaya's ass was nicer, but Tiff's was so much larger, and there was something else about Tiff that drove me wild; she was wild, a girl who clearly liked it rough and challenged me to keep going. That in turn translated to enthusiasm, rubbing her ass against me wordlessly, only breathing in and out like a cornered animal. I grunted, pressing into her deeper, suddenly hearing her gasp quietly as my cock nestled between her cheeks, spreading them slightly. Tiff's hands gripped the seat cushion, clenching it tightly and burying her face into it.

Backing off, I squat down behind her, keeping my face to ass level. I planted my hands on each of her cheeks, groping and pulling apart her ass. The denim on the seat of her pants felt thin and weak, as if going to give way. I moved my right hand between the crack of her cheeks, rubbing softly before digging in, wedging the jeans and her panties into her. I continued to saw, moving lower towards her cunt, using my other hand to grip her thigh carefully, working it up and down. As my index finger worked over her pussy lips, I heard her breathe out as heavy as she could. 

"This is so good," she mumbled quietly.

"Shut up bitch." I barked back at her, wedging my finger into her cunt- faster and faster, deeper and with more energy. I continued until I heard her groan once more, and my finger felt a dampness. I had wedged her pants and panties into her cunt, and felt the end result of it. I pulled my fingers away, gripping the thigh not currently held by my other hand, stroking up and down, feeling her thick legs. I leaned in and blew on the small patch of wetness, sending a chill over her body. 

I moved in and blew once more, harder this time to an equal response. Tiff's legs spread out wider, inviting me in closer. Finally, I couldn't hold myself back any further and simply planted my face in her crotch. 

"OH JESUS!" she shrieked. 

Her scent was thick, dripping- literally and metaphorically- with arousal. She hadn't been fucked in a long while, and if she had, she hadn't been fucked well. My body was hot, fidgeting, letting go of common courtesy and restraint. We BOTH needed this for crying out loud, I had no other choice. So I stood up, pushing down on her to lift myself up once more.

"Dennis please, I need," she began quietly. "Fuck me."

She didn't have to tell me twice, but the addition of 'please' made me smile. I reached around her, hands pawing at her tummy and waist, touching her, feeling for the fly of her pants. Tiff's skin felt so smooth and inviting, I couldn't pull my hands away. I pulled her shirt out and up, exposing her tummy. I heard her coo, her stomach relaxing just a tad after being freed from the tight cotton that covered it. 

With deft hands, I made short work of the button on her jeans, hearing her breathe out a sigh of relief. I smirked, but said nothing; taking off one's pants and having sex were two of the best things in life so I wasn't about to fault Tiff for the small glee in getting both at once. I pulled down her zipper, with one, then two, then finally three abrupt pulls, inching off her pants slowly with each one. My thumb slid into the front of her panties, grazing through her finely trimmed patch of pubes. My other thumb joined right in, before moving both against her skin to her sides. It took a bit of effort, but I tugged and tugged, peeling the tight jeans and panties off of her. 

Her large ass slowly presented itself to me and I was rewarded for my effort. Two large cheeks, the size of bowling balls were in front of me, large enough you could see them from the front. My hand rubbed one, enticed by the shine it gave off from the room's light. Like the rest of her, her skin was lightly bronzed saved for a small sliver that ran between her cheeks and at the top of her cheek which itself was a pale brown. Tiff tanned, and clearly didn't miss leg day. I slapped her ass so loud she giggled in response. It was the only compliment in my mind worthy of giving her. 

I made quick work of getting to the point; obviously she wasn't used to foreplay and wanted a rough fuck. I was happy to oblige, spreading her cheeks and pushing her forwards for a better angle. The moment my eyes made contact with her glistening cunt, my mind was awash. I gasped quietly, but it wasn't lost on Tiff.

"Fuck me," she said in a lusty, angry tone. "Like you want to fuck your girlfriend."

Instantly, my cock plunged into her awaiting snatch. I nearly came from the intial sensation, her warm, tight cunt practically coaxing me to go deeper, to push all I could. Tiff's juices had seeped out a bit around her cunt, glistening brightly, but after penetrating her, they continued to trickle down her thighs. I pumped in, then out, slamming back into her fat ass as hard as I could.

"Happy now bitch?" I grunted, letting the words continue to pour out of my mouth. It felt right, and it felt even more right to keep going. 

"I'm a fucking bitch!" Tiff growled.

"Fucking cunt!" I yelled back louder. "You fat fucking cunt!" 

I was unsure about calling her fat, since that seemed like a sensitive subject. But she had said it first, so fair game in my book. When she didn't answer back, I reached forward and grabbed her ponytail, hard.

"ANSWER ME YOU FAT BITCH!"

Tiff still didn't answer, though her face looked ecstatic, scrunching it tight before opening her mouth and letting out a loud groan. I pulled harder before letting go, watching her fall forward- her breathing was so hagrid and weak. 

"I'm...a fat bitch..." she uttered quietly. I felt a warmth around my cock, and then on my thighs. Glancing down, I saw that she had cum! I smiled wide with pride, before realizing my own needs hadn't been met. Tiff must have noticed this, and glanced back.

"Just...keep, going..." she said weakly. "Until you're, you're done..." 

It didn't take long for me to burst, though, and I filled her up without a second though. Immediately, I remembered I was fucking her without protection.

"Don't worry," she said as though reading my mind. "On the pill."

I sighed, catching my breath as she kicked off her shoes, then tried pushing off her pants with her feet. I found the energy to pull myself out of her, aided by a quick shove on her ass, and helped her out, tossing the pants aside.

"Thanks," she said quietly before scooching forwards onto the couch. 

Grabbing a throw pillow, she nestled up to it, ready to fall asleep. I watched her make herself at home, not a care in the world that she was sweaty, half-naked and coated in my cum on her legs. Likewise, I pulled off my pants and cast them aside, dressed now in only an open shirt; if it was good enough for Tiff, I wasn't one to complain. I then walked over to the light switch and turned out the light before looking back at Tiff. Despite being a massive pain in my ass, she was attractive, I'd have to admit. But admiration gave way for guilt and I instantly felt like trash. I looked back at her, and seeing her so comfortable on my shitty couch only exacerbated my feelings. 
