 My girl, Christina, has a sister. This is our story.

For years, she was jailbait for every guy in the neighborhood. She had an incredible body and a pretty face to match, and took full advantage of both in the skimpy outfits she paraded around in. The day she finally turned eighteen, more than ten guys had showed up at the house looking for her.

She had long blonde hair with streaks of brown and a pair of big blue eyes that could stop a guy dead in his tracks. 

It was obvious that she had a crush on me. Whenever I was around, she'd be all over me, touching me and flaunting her plump, perky tits and round ass. I flirted with her too, when Christina wasn't around.

Today, she decided to tease me with a lacy tank top that showed off plenty of cleavage as well as a white mini-skirt. My eyes crawled up and down her delicious, young body as she entered the room and she smiled sweetly at me.

"Hey, Bryan!" she said, wrapping her arms around my neck and pecking me softly on the cheek.

I slid my hands down her back and gave her ass a quick squeeze. She squealed and slapped me playfully on the arm.

"Hey kid. Where's your sister?" I asked.

"Um... I think she ran to the store. She should be back soon," she replied.

I collapsed onto the sofa.

"All right, I'll just hang out here."

"Mind if I join you?" she asked.

I patted the spot next to me on the couch invitingly.

"Sit that cute ass down, little girl."

She grinned and sat close to me, her head resting on my bicep.

"Do you really mean it?" she asked after a while.

"Mean what?"

"Is my ass cute?"

"Yeah, sure..." I answered with a laugh. 

"No, Bryan... I mean it! Is it too big?"

"Of course not, babe. Who told you that?"

"Some guy at school."

"Well, forget that guy. He just wants you, that's all."

She seemed to be content, but pressed on.

"OK, who's got the better body, me or Christina?"

"I can't answer that..."

"Oh, come on! I won't tell!"

"I guess I'd need a better look to decide."

She smiled flirtatiously and stood up. She stuck out her round backside in front of me and peeled her skirt up slowly. She was wearing a red g-string, not leaving much to the imagination.

"Well...?"

"I still don't know... shake it a little for me, baby," I requested.

She happily complied, sitting down on my lap and grinding her ass against the growing bulge between my knees.

"Let me get a feel here..." I murmured, in a daze.

I slid my hands all over both of her plump cheeks, spanking each of them gently.

"Harder! You can do better than that," she whined.

"Oh, you like it rough, little girl? Why don't you bend over Daddy's lap?"

She obeyed immediately, laying down across my legs and pressing her perky, young breasts against my knee. She giggled and kicked her legs in the air as I slapped her ass until it was red.

Within time, my hands began to wander south until one of my fingers brushed against her warm pussy. She squirmed in my lap, gripping my ankle and exhaling a warm breath onto my thigh. I couldn't believe she was going for this!

By now I had mustered up the confidence to begin fingering her, sliding a few fingers between her wet lips and feeling her entire body tremble. After a few minutes, I relented and she rose to her feet. She caught my eye and licked her lips suggestively. 

"Bryan..." she whispered.

I stood up and faced her. She looked up and gazed into my eyes. 

"Where is this going?" she asked softly.

I pulled her face close to mine, pushed her hair from her face and caressed her cheek. Then, I leaned in to kiss her lips. She didn't seem to protest and opened her mouth, allowing me to slide my tongue inside. As we kissed passionately, I cupped one of her breasts in my hand and squeezed it. She jumped as I pinched her nipples, but seemed to enjoy it.

"I want to fuck you..." I managed to say in the brief moment when our mouths parted.

"I want to suck your cock..." she mumbled absently, holding a hand over mine as I groped her chest.

With my free hand, I fumbled with my button and zipper, eventually undoing my pants and tugging them off. Liz sunk to her knees and pulled my boxers down slowly, biting her lower lip in anticipation. Finally, my throbbing seven-incher flopped out and came to rest mere inches from her face.

I grabbed hold of my member and wiggled it in front of her mouth.

"Open up, girl," I ordered.

She smiled and opened her mouth, invitingly. I slapped it against her wet tongue a few times and then stuffed the first few inches between her soft lips. She held it in her warm mouth and slowly, but powerfully sucked it. With one hand, she massaged my balls and the other was buried between her legs.

"Fuck, that's good!" I exclaimed when Liz was sucking particularly hard.

She popped my shaft from her mouth and continued to stroke it.

"Better than my sister?" she asked sweetly.

"We'll see..." I replied, collapsing on the sofa and shoving her head back into my lap.

She happily slurped every inch of me for what seemed like an eternity before standing up and straddling my lap.

"I'm ready for you," she declared, positioning my cock beneath her pussy and using her fingers to open it wide. She slowly sat down on my lap, her mouth open and her eyes closed as I entered her. 

"Holy shit..." she moaned as I began to bounce her up and down on my lap, thrusting my cock in and out of her.

We fucked in every position we could think of. At one point, we had rolled onto the ground and kept going at it. I had her bent over the leg of the couch when I felt the first pangs of orgasm approaching.

"Here it comes," I warned her, pulling out.

She knelt before me, gripped both of my knees and opened up her mouth as I furiously pumped my shaft with my fist.

"Come on, Daddy, I want your hot load all over my-"

She didn't have time to finish that thought. I had shot a hot rope of seed down her throat and followed it up with another that hit her in the cheek. In a few moments time, her entire face was coated in a thick layer of cum.

"Oh my god!" she exclaimed, semen dripping from her lips. 

I was breathing heavy, still squeezing out the last few drops. Liz traced her tongue all around the head and planted a few soft kisses on the shaft, causing me to shiver in pleasure.

"You did good, kid," I said, brushing my hand on her cheek as she lapped up the rest of my load.

A car pulled up in the driveway just as I was pulling on my pants. I sat down and tried to appear as nonchalant as possible.

"Hey, sweetie!" said Christina when she opened the door. 

She pushed her sunglasses up on her head, walked over to the sofa, and bent down to kiss me.

"Hey, big sis," called Liz from the kitchen.

"I hope she didn't bother you too much, Bryan," said Christina.

"No, of course not," I assured her.

"Good, because last time I left her alone with one of my boyfriends, the little slut fucked him."