 I finish wrapping the towel around my waist, still slightly damp from my shower. I glance at myself in the mirror one last time, making sure I got everything when I shaved. I run my tongue over my teeth, making sure my mouth is ready for her. As I step from the bathroom, she appears in the bedroom doorway, wearing just the white cotton panties and ribbed tank top I like so much. She smiles, looking almost coy as I walk to the bedroom doorway. 

"You look nice," I say as I drink in her beauty, savoring her eyes, mouth, chest, and bottom.

She says, "Thank you, my love," as she takes a small step forward and gently strokes my left cheek with her hand. Finding my shaving to her liking, she softly moves her hand to the back of my head and guides me down. As our lips touch, she parts hers slightly in that invitation I cannot ignore. Her eyelids flutter closed, and I slowly feel my way in with my tongue, both for the thousandth time and the first.

Our tongues gently, almost cautiously, play tag as I lightly run my hands over her shoulders and arms. The sweet scent of her lavender shampoo fills my nostrils as I caress her soft skin, marveling at the being that has chosen me as partner. I become more vigorous with my tongue as I move my hands to caress her head and back, feeling the ribbing of her shirt and the soft skin of her neck under my fingertips. Her hands glide under my arms, and I feel her gentle touch on my back. She makes an appreciative noise, feeling my shoulders tighten as I pull her to me. I move my hand from her shoulder to her waist, enjoying the curve there that makes such a wonderful handhold. I drink in the feel of the skin on her neck and the taste of her on my tongue as I pivot around her to place her back against the door frame. She makes a small noise of excitement as I press into her, lowering my body with my knees so as to not hurt her neck. I slowly retract my tongue and move my head back just enough to see into her eyes.

God, those eyes. At once they are a luminous combination of love, support, and desire. They make me her hero and her slave, capturing me forever. I lose myself in them, only remembering myself long enough to breathe, "I love you."

She whispers back, "I love you," adding that little purr that drives me wild. I kiss her again, passionately, hungrily, feeling my lust flare blue hot, like a newly-formed star. I start running my hands over her back, neck, and butt, squeezing and feeling and holding in a pattern I can't control. She moves her hand down, feeling my butt through the damp terrycloth of the towel. I can tell she likes feeling the muscles work as I keep my knees bent. She breaks off the kiss and pulls my head down. I grin as I begin kissing her neck and collar bone, moving my hands to squeeze her breasts, enjoying the way they fit my hands perfectly. Her pert nipples excite my fingertips as I play with them. She moans as I keep kissing her neck and collar, then I move down her chest. I kneel, and begin to suck her nipples through the shirt as I massage her butt. I pull her shirt up so I can taste her breasts, running my tongue over and around her nipples.

"Mhm" she breathes. I feel the skin of her ass under my hand as I squeeze and pull her hips into me. I love holding her close as tightly as I can, like I'm trying to pull her into my body, make her as much a physical part of me as she is a spiritual part. 

After what feels like only a moment of this bliss, she gently places her hands on my arms and pulls me up. As our tongues wrestle in her mouth, she pulls the towel off of me and slowly strokes my penis and scrotum, eliciting a moan of pleasure from me. Oh, God, this feels so good. She kneels, and with a coquettish smile and gleam in her eyes, she licks me along the full length of my shaft. Giving me a look that melts my ability to think, she gently starts fondling my sack while alternately taking me into her mouth and kissing my shaft. Just when I think it can't get any better, she starts licking and sucking my sack, too. I find myself torn between watching her work and closing my eyes in sweet surrender to the pleasure rippling through me.

A few minutes of bliss later, I can't wait any longer, I must have her now. I place my hands under her arms and move her to the bed, laying her down gently. Her eyes are filled with equal parts love and lust as I lay on one side of her. I place one arm under her shoulders to hold her to me, freeing my other hand to gently explore every nook and cranny on her wondrous body. As I kiss her mouth with every ounce of passion I can muster, she runs her hand over my face, neck and shoulders, pausing occasionally to stroke my chest. I feel her other arm holding me as I run my right hand over her. I massage her breasts under her shirt, then I move back up to her perfect face, stroking her cheek and gently cradling her neck. As our tongues symbolically attempt to tie themselves together, I move further down, playing with the waist and leg openings of her panties. She makes an impatient noise and I smile as I move my hand under the waistband to find her lips. She moans again as I start stroking her lips, occasionally brushing her clit in the process. Oh, yes, she is very wet now.

I move my finger in to gather some wetness and then find her clit with my now-moist finger. Her moans come faster now as I stroke her, first circling, then moving vertically, always tracing the node of pleasure I have found. Pausing only to gather more moisture, I find that little sweet spot just at the base of the clit and gently focus my efforts there. I love feeling her moan into my mouth, knowing that I am giving her this pleasure. I feel her hips start moving as she cannot stop writhing from the hot desire. Her moans turn to cries of pleasure as she reaches her climax, my finger now fully focused on that one spot that works so well.

I give her a moment to recover as I remove her panties, pausing only to lick her briefly. As I grab a condom, I watch her finger insert the film, knowing I will be following it in shortly. Once I am suitably attired, I slide my hips between her legs, and we kiss again. 

I start slowly sliding into her, listening to her voice and feeling her body for signs that she's ready. Once I am fully in, I wait for a moment to give her the time to fully relax. I cherish the pause, feeling her warmth surrounding me. I start to gently move in her, slowly building my pace and power until I am working as hard as I dare, my penis as hard and erect as it can possibly be. I love this, the closeness and intimacy of this. I love listening to her body and responding, to this ultimate form of communication and intimacy, this sacred trust. At this moment, I worship her, every thrust a supplication of love and desire. As I feel the hot seed developing in me, I want her fully. As the desire to cum builds like a white-hot sun, I know that the physical urge is but a pale reflection of my desire to please her in every way.

Finally, I can no longer hold back. To her cries of, "Yes, baby, come in me," I release. The sun explodes, sending waves of pleasure and satisfaction coursing through me, and I gasp and moan in pleasure. Oh, yes, this feels right! I feel the heat of the cum squirting out, and am briefly amused by the thought of this token of my love being held back by the condom. I give my beloved a long, gentle kiss, then pull out and dispose of the condom. I relax as I hold her again, gently kissing her, basking in the glow of my love for her, and her love in return. We drink some water. She rolls onto her side, and I place my head against her chest. We lay that way, drinking in the love and satisfaction of each other. For the hundredth time and the first, I have made the love of my life happy. All is well, and I can think of no better place or time.