 A few people have asked about by non-gay experiences, so here you go. I didn't even consider M/M sex until I was thirty, and it is still not at the top of my preferred list, but it's a lot easier to find, and a lot more dramatic, so most of my stories so far have included it.

Here's something from when I was in my early 20's.

 * * *

 My first time in Hawaii was during my first tour in the navy. I was 22, and was on a carrier headed west, toward the flesh-pits of the western pacific, and we stopped at Pearl Harbor to pick up the admiral and his staff, and the last few bits of supply before heading west. A week out from the west coast, we docked at Pearl (right next to the USS Arizona – waking up and stepping out on the sponson first thing in the morning to that vision is something that will change any man with a soul), and spent a week there. A lot of the guys on the ship knew where the hookers and strippers were, but I wanted to see more of the town.

I took the bus from the base to the Hale Koa – a hotel on Waikiki that was (and probably still is) owned by the military, and is right on the beach. The hotel itself was booked solid, even if I could afford a room on my paltry pay, but it was right on the beach, and you could walk directly from there to Diamond Head with the row of hotels on one side, and the beach on the other.

I wandered slowly down the row with a couple of buddies from the ship, starting at about ten in the morning, reading the posters in the hotel lobbies about the entertainment there, and spent some time at the "international marketplace" (which I see has now closed), looking at some of the tourist souvenirs for sale, but mostly looking at the woman on vacation there, many of whom had come off of the beach, and were wearing bikinis with an aloha shirt or something over the top. It was great. As someone who'd spent the weeks before deployment working 12 hour shifts, and the week at sea working even longer hours, just the sight of a firm body in next to nothing, was almost more than I could cope with. 

My shipmates flirted endlessly with girls they found walking down the streets, and at least one of them lost all respect I might have had for a person when he stepped up to a very cute young lady and asked, direct "are you a swallower or a spitter?" I didn't defend him when she slapped him, and just told him he was on his own.

But that left me with only one buddy to walk with, and he soon peeled off to do his own thing. Which was fine with me – he was a nice enough guy, and a dependable one, but our tastes in music were very different, and I was in the mood to, at the very least, hear some good music.

About 4 or so in the afternoon, I had enough of a clue about the music scene to know where I wanted to go. I went into the bar at the Sheraton where a band that looked interesting was advertised. When I went in, they were just starting their first set (because Honolulu is such a vacation spot, bands there start early and work late). They had a vibe very like "Cold Blood", and a great singer, and I grabbed a seat close enough to hear everything, but not so close that the balance was off, and set off to listen.

The room was not large, but not small – probably seated about 100 – and was attached to a decent bar, but hardly crowded. Maybe twenty people all told. 

After the first set, I went to the bar and talked to a few of the musicians – the bass player and one of the horn players – and found some points in common about music. It was too bad I'd left my horn on the ship, but we still got along.

When the band started the second set, I stayed at the bar. As the bartender was also a fan of good music and knew the band. As the place was already pretty quiet (which I found to be a disgrace, as the band was truly kicking ass), I stayed where I had someone to talk to. I ordered a Pina Colada, and the bartender made a pitcher full by cutting up a pineapple, cracking a coconut, and mixing that with rum. The remnants of the pineapple he put into a bowl on the bar, and we snacked on that while we drank and listened to the music. 

About ten minutes into the set, a woman came into the bar, dressed more for a night out than a day on the beach, but still very attractive. Medium height, auburn hair, about thirty years old, with an air of class and comfort with herself. She looked around and joined us at the bar. When she saw what we were drinking, she ordered one of the same, and was as pleased as I'd been to see the fresh ingredients. We sat and listened to the band and chatted – she, the bartender, and I – for the next few sets, and I got loosened up enough by the drinks and hormones that I must admit to flirting shamelessly. And she flirted right back, and more than held her own. Enough that I hoped she'd also be willing to hold mine, but not cocky enough to hope that would be a reality.

Between sets, the band would hang out at the bar, and we got to know at least something about them. She (the redhead) was also a fan of that kind of jazz/rock, and quite knowledgeable, and we had a few... not so much 'requests' as 'mentions' played by the band, and played very well, and that gave us more to talk about.

By nine, when the band signed off, they were replaced by another group that was more rockish, less melodic, and less to our tastes, we asked each other "where should we go now?"

The bartender had no suggestions, but she did, and so we went up to her room.

I had to admit – I was more than a bit nervous. I was not very experienced, and had never really done anything like a seduction. Awkward fumbling with high school girlfriends, blow jobs by groupies backstage – those I had experience in, but this ... this was a whole other level.

We chatted on the elevator (she was staying at the hotel while attending a conference, and had come to the bar after a day of boring meetings) and didn't even touch until we reached her room. Once there, she turned on the TV (an almost instinctive reflex for too many of us) and excused herself to use the bathroom and refresh herself, telling me to take my shoes off and relax.

I did just that, removing my shoes and socks and watching CNN, until she came out of the bathroom. She sat on the bed next to me (the hotel had a bed and a chair, and she'd put her purse on the chair), and commented on something on the TV. And when I turned to reply, kissed me lightly on the lips.

I kissed back, of course, because she was very attractive, I was very horny, and she was very willing and attractive.

And that led to caresses of one sort or another, and I got my hands up the back of her blouse and undid her bra before I even got her short (or mine) off. We struggled a little bit with her blouse, but finally managed to cooperate well enough to get both that and her bra off, and she had some of the most beautiful tits I'd ever seen – firm, round, with dark areolas and upright nipples, and I licked both of them to evoke shudders in her before we went back to kissing and groping. 

Somehow we got my shirt (a simple aloha shirt) off, and she nibbled at my neck as I went for her earlobes (which I have found to be a very stimulating spot on some women, and not at all on others), and when she reacted positively, I eased my hand down to her skirt and under it to find her moist and willing. I rubbed her clit and got shudders from her and moved back to her slit where I rubbed gently, keeping my thumb on her clit until she spasmed back from me in reaction and fell back on the bed. When she did, I kept my hand moving, and leaned my head down to lick and suck at her nipples, while the other hand supported her back.

After a small eternity of this, she regained enough composure to take control over her own body again, and pull her skirt off, allowing me to pull my jeans and skivvies off, and then to dive, face first, into her trimmed but not shaved muff. Taking the lead from a girl I'd known before my navy days, I used my tongue to find her "Gee!" spot, and kept at it until she'd had at least two orgasms. (Or really good fakes).

At that point, she declared that it was her turn, and she spun on the bed to where she could reach my cock. She seemed very appreciative when she saw what I was packing, and did not flinch at all when I kissed her full on with her juices still on my lips.

She tugged on me for a while as we kissed, and then pushed me to the side of the bed, and then rolled off of it onto her knees where she very slowly licked it up and down like an ice cream cone a few times and then took just the head of it into her mouth. She liked to tease, and very clearly wanted me to last, because she never took more than a few inches into her mouth at a time, and kept her pace very slow and careful. After a while, my hips got their own idea what should be going on, so she backed off and we went back to kissing while I got her on the bed.

We lay face to face for a while, kissing and snuggling, my cock sandwiched between our bellies, until she reached down, took it into her hand and eased it between her legs. It slipped up and into her almost effortlessly, and we moved into a slow, almost languorous rhythm – nothing frantic, just an easy coupling that went on for a good ten-fifteen minutes.

Of course, being young and very hormonal, I found that sooner or later I needed release, and so I rolled over onto her and began pounding seriously. It took very little of the faster rhythm, with her pussy clenching more strongly than before, for me to cum.

I didn't want any more problems than I needed (I was not cut then), so I pulled out before I came, and after the first spurt, she slithered down on the bed to take the rest into her mouth. She swallowed most of it, and what oozed out of the corners of her mouth (I was kind of a Peter North at the time) and lay on her belly she scooped up with her fingers and ate very sensuously. And then she sucked me like a vacuum cleaner while I shifted into a 69 and cleaned her juices out of her pussy.

And then we showered and kissed and generally made out until about ten, when I had to catch the last bus back to Pearl and the ship.

I never saw her again, but I'll never forget her. I wish I knew her name.