 After I had finished my 2nd year in college for Nursing, I was lucky to get a 4-month stint in the local hospital as a Nursing Assistant and paid peanuts for my time. In effect it was not much more than a glorified candy striper. 

Heaven knows how a person is ever going to get any practical experience without doing the work and learning the ropes. 

But if I wanted to be a registered nurse then I would need much more schooling and at the time I wasn't sure how far I wanted to go with this career thing.

In the beginning I got to do all the grunge work, looking after bedpans, bringing an extra drink or taking temperatures and blood pressures along with shaving the odd pubic area before surgery. 

But after about a month I was asked if I would do some night shifts as they were very short staffed.

It was quite different in a way, as there were lots of dressings to be changed along with many early morning preparations of patients for surgery or different tests.

I remember one such patient called Jeff (Mr. M.) who was a guy in his mid 50's and was due to be shipped from our hospital to a much larger hospital in the city at 6 o'clock in the morning for an Angiogram.

An Angiogram is an imaging test that uses x-rays to view your body's blood vessels. They often use this test to study narrow, blocked, or enlarged arteries in many parts of your body.

A physician will inject a "dye", through a thin, flexible tube, called a catheter. He then threads the catheter into the desired artery or vein from an access point usually in the groin.

Anyway about 4:30 in the morning I had to prepare Mr. M. and that meant shaving his pubic area so that his groin was spotlessly clean. I never really thought about poor Mr. M wanting a morning pee before I started and he had the better part of a nice boner all the time I was shaving him, haha. But in fact it did make it easier for me to hold the parts well away from the razor. Needless to say we both had a good chuckle about the whole incident and then we chatted for ages.

----------

The next night he was already back in his own private room and I had to check/replace the dressing that had been applied to his groin. I'll never forget the sight of it as he had a huge bruise and lots of dried blood from two or three attempts that had been made to locate his main artery. It took quite a while to clean up the mess and apply a new dressing.

I was very gentle and made sure that I stroked his genitals as I held them well away from the area I was dressing, but I wasn't getting a whole lot of reaction.

"Well Mr. M., I guess you only need half a sleeping pill, half of you is already asleep." I said with a big grin.

"Oh it hurts like hell all around my groin, maybe I can have a 'Rain-check'?" He said, as he tried to smile.

"Oh, Mr. M. this isn't Wal-Mart." I cackled.

"I know, but I wish that I felt better, then I would have really enjoyed that." He said with a pained look on his face.

"Don't worry Mr. M. you're not dying, you'll feel better tomorrow."

"You promise?"

"Yes, I promise, do you want me to ask for an injection for the pain." I said.

"That maybe a good idea, I would love to get a good nights sleep." He said as I made him comfortable and left, then about 10 minutes later I was back in his room to give him an injection in his butt for the pain. A short while later he was fast asleep.

------------

The following night I passed by his room to make sure he was okay and he told me that he had been waiting for me to check his dressing again.

I took a quick peek and told him that I would come back later when I wasn't so busy and change the dressing again.

"Oh good, wake me if I'm sleeping, okay."

"Sure thing Mr. M." I told him and went about my business doing whatever else was needed on the floor.

It was probably almost midnight when I got back to his private room and he was sleeping soundly so I wedged the door shut and eased the sheet back on the bed. I stood there staring at his nice looking penis and his huge pair of balls, which I gently wrapped my hand around. I felt him shuffle a little as I put my other hand on his penis and tenderly stroked it while my other cupped his big pair of balls.

His eyes slowly opened and he murmured, "MMMM." As I continued my gentle stroking until he was fully erect.

"Oh Mr. M. we must be feeling better tonight?"

"Mmmm, oh yes, I'm in heaven right now." He said as I continued to slowly stroke him and think about what I would do about the mess when he cum. 

But as soon as he started to arch his back I knew what I wanted to do and I leaned forward then took half of his penis in my mouth.

I knew then that I should have gagged him first because he let out a loud sigh and I hoped that no one had heard.

About a minute later he was almost frantic and I knew that his ejaculation was imminent and that's when I sucked deeper, harder and faster.

Suddenly he erupted like a huge volcano in my mouth and his cum was dripping from the corners of my mouth and running off my chin. Oh fuck, did it ever make me hot as I thought for a moment or two that he would never stop cummin but eventually I did suck him dry after I had already swallowed a bucketful. At least that's what it seemed like.

"Oh wow, what wonderful personal care they have in this hospital." He said as we both grinned.

"Now stay still, while I change your dressing."

"Listen, I get released and go home sometime in the morning Sue, I guess I won't see you again."

"Oh wow. Well, who's going to change your dressing at home then?" I asked.

"No one, I live alone. But you're welcome to stop by and check my condition."

"Maybe I'll just do that Mr. M. I can stop by, not this morning, but the next one, after I finish work so it would be about 8:30." 

"Wonderful, would you like me to have breakfast ready?" 

"Great idea, I love Sausage/Egg/Cheese McGriddle's from McDonalds."

"Your wish is my command, young lady." He said after I had finished applying his new dressing. Then I made him comfortable and went on my rounds. 

----------

He was released from hospital later in the day and the next morning after work I stopped by his house. 

"Good morning Sue, I just got back from Mac's, so it should be piping hot." He said and I could see by the look on his face that he was pleased to see me.

"You're looking a bit better, Mr. M."

"I'm beginning to feel better already, I don't know if it's that Stent that they inserted or the fact that you are here. Probably both." He said as we ate.

"Well now you don't have that blocked artery so you will feel better, but one things for sure, you don't have any blocked arteries down there." I said as I grinned and looked down towards his crotch.

"Nope, no problems down their Sue, haha." He said as he chuckled.

"You're not kidding, I thought you would never stop cummin."

"You know, every woman I've ever been with has said that. But I've only been with two women in the last 10 years and one of those was my oldest sister, poor dear, she passed away 2 years ago."

"Oh wow, you slept with your sister?"

"Yes, I hope I haven't offended you, but the strangest thing happened. My wife ran away with her husband, would you believe. So my sister sold her house and then came and lived with me about 10 years ago. In the beginning it was all very innocent but then we started to comfort each other and eventually we just slept together. I remember that very first time that we had sex together and of course she was already fixed so naturally I just cum inside her. I hadn't cum for a few months so all day long she kept coming back to me and saying 'hey Jeff, I'm still leaking'"

"Amazing. So who was the other woman?" I said as we finished eating.

"She was a secretary from my office, a church going very plain single young woman in her early 30's. I was only her second man, the first was when she was quite young and it was just a one-night stand with a guy that took her virginity wearing a rubber so I was the first and only one to pump her insides full of cum. I think she thought that all men shot their load as much as I did, so she never really complained that much. She didn't want any kind of long-term relationship; she just wanted some sexual release and some comforting every few weeks. She liked the idea of having an older man like me and then not having any hassles afterwards. But after a few years her father died so she decided to move out west to be closer to her mother who was now on her own."


"So for the last 2 years you've been pretty well celibate?"

"Yes, apart from some self induced handy work, every now and then, haha."

"Oh my Mr. M. you poor dear. Listen, what about the dressing, have you changed it, yet?"

"No, I wouldn't know where to start Sue, I would love to take it off and have a shower, actually."

"Then why don't we remove that dressing, I've brought what's needed to apply a new one?" I asked.

"Oh wow, you are really spoiling me, haha." He said as he led the way to the bedroom where I removed his old dressing and removed the rest of his clothes. I took his hand and led him to the bathroom and put down the non-slip mat in the tub then set the shower running.

"Make sure you always use the shower mat in the tub to avoid slips and did they tell you back at the hospital not to open your legs wide and not to lift anything for a while?"

"Yeah, something like that." He said and smiled as he stepped into the tub.

"Do you need help in there, I need to shower too, I just got off work and I feel grubby."

"Oh I need help, I need help, I need help."

"Okay, I get the message." I said as I stripped off and stepped in behind him.

I took the shower gel off the side of the tub and lathered up my hands then washed his neck, shoulders, under his arms and down his back. I lathered my hands up some more then washed his legs right down to his feet before I came back up and washed his butt cheeks. 

"Turn around Mr. M." I said and he slowly turned with his hard penis leading the way, but for the moment I ignored it while I washed his chest.

I lathered my hands some more then gently cupped his big balls with one hand while I washed his hard penis with the other.

"Oh my goodness, you look like an angel and you are so gentle and thorough with your touch." He said as he smiled and looked me up and down.

"Thank you, but now you have to wash my back... ... ... and the rest." I said as I grinned then handed him the shower gel before I turned around.

"It will be my pleasure and with your consent I will do it very slowly."

He was very true to his word and like the majority of older men that I have met he turned the shower into a beautiful meeting place for slow luxurious lust where he wouldn't stop until I had orgasmed twice for him.

His liberally lathered fingers and hands became sensuous instruments of pleasure that I wasn't about to stop until I had had my fill.

"Mr. M. you are truly wonderful, now what are we going to do about that huge swollen penis of yours? I could bend over and touch my toes, yes, no?"

"YES." He yelled and then we both laughed before I turned and assumed the position.

"Just be careful, let me do most of the work... oooooh... yesss... mmmm." I murmured as his stiff penis entered me slowly while he gripped my arse cheeks.

In no time he had driven into me up to the hilt and his big balls were slapping against me as I pushed back and forth.

"Oh baby this is wonderful." He said softly as his fingers dug into my cheeks.

"Mmmm, you got that right Mr. M. Now give me that load of cum deep inside my pussy. Keep going sugar, keep going." I cried as I moved my arse back and forth faster and faster.

"Oh baby, any second now, oh god what a gorgeous ass you've got. Awwww now baby, now, keep moving that ass, oh yes baby keep squeezing down on my cock like that."

Mmmm what a nice fuck this guy was, every time he spurted his cockhead throbbed and it seemed to expand. I didn't exactly orgasm when he fucked me doggie style in the shower but I really did enjoy it immensely and I knew he did.

We rinsed off and I stepped out first to make sure he had something dry to step on so that he wouldn't slip. I dried him off with the towel and then I let him finish drying off the rest of my body. 

He was very sweet and understanding as I applied the new dressing to his groin before we dressed and went into the kitchen.

We chatted for quite a while over coffee and before I left I agreed to come by again in a few days to check on his progress.

----------------

I had found my calling in life and knew how I wanted to proceed with my career in the future.