 "Hello?" I called out as I stepped into the open garage. All I could see were Harleys. There must have been at least 6 of them, all in different colors and gorgeous. Big, shiny, clean and ready to ride. Just looking at them sent a chill up my spine.

"Be right there." A muffled voice spoke out. I turned in the general direction of the voice and was greeted by an extremely sexy, jean covered ass. He stood up, turned around and I was struck dumb. He was supremely gorgeous, without a doubt one of the finest looking men I had ever had the pleasure of feasting my eyes upon. He was wearing a close fitting black t-shirt and jeans. He had very light hair cut close at the sides and back, fuller and a bit spiked on top. His chin hair was a light and dark combination. His lips full and yummy. But it was his eyes that did me in. Beautiful green eyes with a hint of blue, twinkling and full of warmth. He walked toward me, wiping his hands on a towel. "Hi, what can I do for you?"

My thoughts immediately turned naughty and I know I blushed. "I'm here for my riding lessons." I stammered out. I felt like an adolescent and complete idiot. He didn't make things any easier when he flashed me his delicious grin.

"Well," he said, holding out his hand to shake mine, "I'm your instructor." The electric spark was instantaneous as our hands touched. I was filled with longing and desire. I think he was taken aback by his reaction to me. He shook his head as if to clear it and took control of the situation. "Nice to meet you." He said, his voice husky. "Tell me all you know about riding a motorcycle."

Anything I may have known had flown out of my head as soon as he had turned around to greet me. "Absolutely nothing." I replied, my voice even more husky than his.

"Well, the first thing we'll do then is take a ride so you can get used to the power of a Harley. Which one would you like to ride?" He swept his arm to encompass his collection of bikes. I once again had naughty thoughts but was able to suppress them for the moment and keep from blushing.

"That one." I said, pointing at the black one. I've always been partial to black bikes. He nodded, handed me a helmet, grabbed one for himself, walked toward the bike of my choice and proceeded to roll it out of the garage to the driveway. I followed him, putting on my helmet. He closed the garage door then swung his leg over and sat on the bike. He put my foot pegs down and put on his helmet. I placed my hands on his shoulders, a foot on the peg, swung up and over and settled down behind him. It had been years since I had been on a bike and I was feeling exhilarated and free as we drove off. He headed toward the freeway but turned onto a little known side street. I knew of it from being driven there many years ago. It headed up into the hills and was very curvy. It had been great fun in a car but on a bike...wow! My hands had been resting loosely at his waist but he increased his speed which made my arms reach around to hold him tighter. It was pure instinct and unnecessary - the bike had a 'sissy' bar but it felt nice so I continued to hug him tight around his waist.

Holding him closer allowed me to inhale his scent. He smelled so good and his neck was very inviting. I brushed the back of his neck lightly with my nose. He leaned back just a tad and that is all the invitation I needed. I placed my lips on his neck and left them there. I felt his shivered reaction and smiled. I slid my lips to a new spot but this time I actually kissed his neck again and again, from left to right and back, over and over. I put my hands on his shoulders and began to rub, lightly at first then harder as he arched into my hands. I ran my hands down his arms and back up, over his shoulders and up his neck as far as his helmet would allow. I brought my hands down his back, rubbing hard until I reached the top of his jeans. I reached around his waist and rested my hands on his chest. His hand came up, entwining our fingers, lifted my hand to his mouth and kissed the inside of my palm. He lazily circled my palm with his tongue, the circles growing larger than smaller. He took the fleshy part of my palm right below my thumb between his teeth, licking and sucking. The first touch of his tongue to my palm had sent a shot of desire to my pussy. I was wet and aching. The vibrations from the bike only added to my desire. I dropped my other hand, intending to rest it on his thigh only but it landed partially on his hard, straining cock. Holding my palm with his teeth, he reached down and placed my hand completely on his cock, pressing hard. He reached around the back of me and slammed me tight up against him, dropping his hand under my ass and holding me there. I wanted to feel his bare cock, feel the silky skin, wrap my hand around it.

"What the hell!" I said to myself. I unsnapped the top of his jeans and unzipped them as far as I could. To my utter amazement and pleasant surprise, his cock sprung loose. He was going commando!! The touch and feel of his cock was delicious. I circled the tip with my fingers, then wrapped my hand around him and began to stroke him, up and down, soft and slow at first then harder and faster. He was breathing heavily and pushing into my hand. I suddenly felt his pre-cum and wanted to lick it off and take all of him in my mouth. My wet pussy was throbbing with desire for my Harley rider...I wanted him so much. He released my ass, brought his hand around and placed it over mine and stopped my movements. I knew then that he was on the verge of cumming and didn't want to while still riding.

We rode for a while, his hand covering my hand covering his still hard cock. I was a bit shocked at what I had done. I had never before been so free and forward. I shrugged to myself, contributing my actions to the thrill and intensity of the ride. We had been steadily climbing into the hills when he suddenly shifted, slowed and turned off the main road onto a side street that headed down into a small valley. It was obvious that the street was seldom used and our destination would more than likely be deserted. He pulled off and stopped under a huge tree with full branches, sweeping almost to the ground. He put the kick stand down, pulled his helmet off and got off the bike, He turned to me and began to fumble with the straps on my helmet. I pushed his hands away, got the straps undone and drew the helmet off. He grabbed it from me, slung it on the sissy bar, took my leg, swung it around and while still sitting on the bike, pulled me toward him, slammed his crotch into mine and attacked my mouth. We kissed hard and long and it was wonderful. His arms were around me and his hands were on my ass. I wrapped my legs around his waist to get closer, his cock pushed up against my pussy, our tongues dancing and fighting. Without removing his mouth from mine, he picked me up off the bike and carried me farther under the tree. We sunk to the grass covered ground. We stretched out with him on top of me and continued our intense kissing. He suddenly eased the pressure on my lips and captured my head and hair in his hands. His mouth left mine only to land on my forehead which he softly and sweetly kissed.

"You are something else, you know that?" He said as he lifted himself a bit to look into my eyes. I know I blushed again and wanted to reply but before I could, he said, "I am in no way complaining. I don't know the last time I was so aroused by anyone or anything."

I smiled and pulled his face down to mine. I lightly kissed his mouth, tracing his lips with my tongue, taking his bottom lip between mine and nibbling. Taking me with him, he rolled over on his back, kissed me on the tip of my nose then eased me off him to settle me on the ground. Reaching down, he removed my shoes and socks, then my jeans and my shirt. I was left wearing only my bra and panties. He took his shoes and socks off, stood up and stripped his jeans off and his shirt. He was left wearing nothing and it was a beautiful sight to behold. He straddled my waist, his cock pushing against my sternum as he leaned down and licked first one then the other nipple through my bra. The licking turned into mouthing then nibbling, He slowly brought the straps down my arms and tugged until my breasts popped free. He turned my bra around and unsnapped it, sending it flying somewhere.

He brought his face to my breasts and proceeded to lavish delicious attention on them. I arched closer to him and held his head in my hands. His head moved down, slowly, kissing me as he went. As he reached the band of my panties, he dipped under with his tongue and licked my pubic hair. He kept moving and as his mouth reached my panty covered pussy, he stopped, put his whole face in and nuzzled. I pushed against him wanting more but he leaned away from me and with both hands, slipped my panties down and off. He stretched out flat and started nuzzling my toes, kissing the top of my feet, moving up my body, kissing and licking as he went. He reached my pussy and with gentle fingers, opened me up and blew on my pussy then on my clit. He took my clit between his lips and licked then lightly sucked, over and over, I was writhing against him, clutching his shoulders, wanting his cock inside me. He continued licking and sucking my clit then put one then two fingers inside me...in and out. I was moaning with pleasure and just about to cum when suddenly his face and fingers were gone and he slammed his glorious cock deep inside me. Harder, deeper, faster...I exploded with a long groan. He kissed me deep, keeping in rhythm with his cock plunging in and out of me. He lifted his mouth from mine, buried his face in my neck and came with a long shudder and moan.

He never did get around to teaching me anything about riding a Harley that day but we had a lot more fun riding each other with many more lessons yet to come!