 "Great. What a great holiday I'll be having," I muttered to myself as I boarded the ferry. Dad had just got together with a new girlfriend (his sixth after the divorce) and he must be really into this one, because he took the trouble to ship me off to our "country bumpkin" relatives for my one-week fall break.

I'm going on 20 this year, just getting to my final year in college. Not the best age for anyone, I assure you, especially for a guy who's living with his dad and always "in the way" when there's a new girl to bring home to screw.

Oh, I knew what he was up to. Hey, I've been reading his girlie magazines and stuff since I was 14 and once, I happened to come home early and walked in oin Dad and his girlfriend (number 4, was it, or maybe it was number 3?).

I skipped my late afternoon class for the day because I was bored and because I knew the lecturer wouldn't notice, made my way back to the flat, all prepared to continue my online game... and was stunned to see a very naked girl lying on the sofa in the living room, her legs spread wide. She didn't look much older than I was (Dad liked them young and petite), had a great bod, and a pretty, shaved beaver that was gaping almost as wide as my mouth was when I saw her.

Don't ask me where he finds them. Dad just somehow manages to find girlfriends who fit the caricatures you see drawn on the toilet walls. This one was no different -- huge jugs which, from her tanlines, looked very much like they had trouble staying covered. The white triangle around her pussy was even smaller, making me wonder if they really did make bikinis that small.

She was blindfolded, so she didn't know it was me when I walked in. Dad came into the living room just a few moments later and caught me staring at his girlfriend's naked body, glared at me, then put his finger to his lips. His other hand waved me away. It was a clear gesture for me to quietly get lost. I did so only after I gestured back that I should be paid for that 'favour'... which brought me another glare, but also four $50 notes that were hastily grabbed from his wallet. I left the flat, closing the door quietly behind me, but not before seeing the girl slide her finger into her wet cleft while she cooed Dad's name.

Fucking hell. Dad was getting more pussy than I was. Not that I was a virgin, of course. I just didn't have my own place, a car or the big bucks to make it with every hot girl I met on campus. Yeah, for what he was worth, Dad was real tight when it came to my allowance. "Thrift builds character," he said each time I complained about how he didn't give me enough money to live on. Right, Dad. Sounds more to me like you're refusing to admit you're a tightwad.

Worst part was, I was more than ready to move out and get my own place, but Dad would have none of it. "Don't think I don't know what you'd be up to if you were out there on your own, Chuck," he said to me once. "I'm not paying for you to party, and you're not getting your own place, at least, not till you're 21." No amount of pestering would change his mind too. The only concession he would make was "I'll consider it when you show some responsibility." He refused to define what he meant by me "showing responsibility", and only said that he "would know it when (he) saw it". Fuck.

Given those sorts of limits, I made do with what I could get, which was mostly what I'd call "girls with potential". Too bad the hot sluts were really available only to the highest bidders. I only managed to fuck two of the more bookish ones, although that second one was really a surprise package. She wore her hair straight and plain, but she was a wildcat in bed alright, right down to the way she wiggled her ass while I was bucking on top of her. That went on for quite a bit, and to be honest, I think I kind of became fond of her and her tiny little off-campus apartment, which was the scene of many of our epic sexual trysts. Then her parents had to move to another city and wanted her to go along with them.

I've never been a strong believer in long distance relationships, but Honey was really someone I think I would've considered having one with, if not for her insistence that we end it. It sucked big time not only because she was great in bed... for weeks afterwards I couldn't even masturbate to her memory because it was too painful. Was that was love was supposed to be? I don't know the answer to that one. All I know is that I occasionally think of her still... and get a boner when I do. Damn, my life is really fucked up.

Now I'm on the way to a small island far away from the apartment I call home, just because Dad wants some "quality time" with his latest piece of ass. OK, it wouldn't be the first time I visited the damned place - I was there what, some 10 years ago or something like that - but still... who do you know looks forward to an entire week without the Net? I can hardly remember the farm, or my aunt and uncle who live there, never mind what it looked like. All I know is that it's a small place and that it hadn't changed much since I was last there.

Naturally, my mood was foul by the time the ferry docked at the little pier. As I got my stuff together and stepped out, my nostrils were assailed by a pungent mix of rotting seafood, chickens, ducks, pigs and all manner of shit. I almost choked on my first breath of island air. What a rotten trick to pull, Dad.

I looked across the pier and saw a couple I did not recognise, holding up a ratty cardboard with my name on it. They didn't look like gentlemen farmers in the least, their clothes were more Walmart than they were Gap, so I knew I was in for a rough weekend. Aunty Lucy was Dad's step-cousin, and like him, she was tall and thin. Her husband was a brown, wizened little guy who seemed much smaller than I remembered. He sported a mustache that seemed too big for his face, which was always red from his usual diet of beer and more beer.

Remembering my manners, I changed my scowl to a half-grin, hoping that they wouldn't notice my black mood. I raised my hand with the carton of beer and Uncle Larry's smile broadened. There was nothing in Larry's world that couldn't be solved with beer, and if there were any, they could certainly be solved with more beer. At least, that was what Dad said to me while he handed me the beer. I wondered how it was Aunty Lucy put up with him all these years. Bad enough that she got knocked up by him while she was a teen, but sticking by him through the shitty years in a shitty house, just for the sake of their ratty little daughter... man, that takes the patience of a saint.

Just as I thought of her, a tall young woman stepped up and grabbed me. "Cousin Charlie!" she squealed in my ear, and I was slightly taken aback. The girl was about my height, brown all over and real pretty, and it took a couple of seconds for me to realise that little May had grown up. Boy, had she grown up.

She was no longer the little shrimp who liked to rat on me (some things you don't forget). May had become quite the looker... what guys at college would call an 'angel face' because she looked just like one. Her features were delicate, her large brown eyes, cute nose and small, pouty mouth framed by a head of short, black hair which she wore loose. Her eyes sparkled and looked just as mischievous as they did when I last saw her, and her grin was the same, but everything else was, well, better.

For someone who lived on a farm, she wasn't large or big-boned... in fact, her shoulders were quite narrow, her arms toned but not too muscular. Those arms lifted me up off the ground in a bear hug, before setting me down. "Let's take a look at you cuz!" she giggled as she pulled away, leaving my nose hungering for more of her earthy, musky aroma. May smelt like a woman should, that was for sure.

I took the chance to look at her too -- she wasn't very stacked in the top half, but it didn't matter. I don't have a breast fixation like Dad does, and besides, May had all the bumps and curves in all the right places. Plus,I happened to touch her ass when I wrapped my arms around her waist in response to her hug... that part was great -- perky, round and muscular.

"Coming, cuz? Or are you getting ready to go back?" She smiled as she picked up her dad's carton of beer easily, turned and walked off towards her parents. As I followed behind her, I caught whiffs of her intoxicating scent that perked my willy up no end. It was enough to give me a hard-on, and I was thankful once again that I was wearing briefs instead of going commando like I normally do. 

Hmmm. Maybe this wouldn't turn out to be such a bad holiday after all. She turned to look at me, her eyes twinkling as she swung the beer into the bed of the beat-up little pickup that the family owned. As she reached up and over, her shirt rode up, revealing a brown expanse of skin, from just above her waist right down to the deep, inviting groove of her buttocks. Damn. The shorts she was wearing were the loose fitting sort, so I got a good view of the top half of her butt. My cock began protesting, pushing against the material of my briefs.

"What's the matter Cuz? Need a hand to get in here? Or are you saving that for something else?" she teased as I stopped next to the pickup and looked in. She had sat down on some sacks and was grinning at me. Damn it, I thought she'd forgotten about that. 

I was just short of 10 the last time I stayed over with Aunty Lucy and Uncle Larry. I don't remember it to be a particularly happy period of my life then. I didn't like what was going on and being sent to live with Aunt Lucy and Uncle Larry for months seemed to be some sort of punishment for me.

The week before I left, I'd overheard one of the older boys at school talking about wanking off. It was something they were discussing in the toilet, and at the time, I didn't even give a second thought to what they were saying. Then I ended up on this island, with too little to do and too much time to spend.

I think I did play with cousin May, but I remember wanting to be on my own at some point. On one particularly hot day, I ran off to the river after completing my chores. I checked to make sure May wasn't hanging around like she usually did, chucked my clothes, and went for a long swim in the cool water.

It felt good to be out of the heat, so much in fact, that I kept swimming until it was pretty late. After I tired of swimming and thinking of things, I got out, sat on a rock by the side of the river, and decided to try what the older boys had discussed.

How was I to know impish little May had managed to find me and was spying on me? I suddenly heard a peal of laughter and the sound of leaves rustling, and she was off to tell her parents what she'd seen me doing. What followed was the most embarrassing conversation with Uncle Larry about sex and wanking off that I'd ever had. I was mortified by the fuss. What made it worse was that May made sure I didn't forget about it, mentioning my "pee pee rub" at every opportunity. Each time she did that, I gave her murderous looks. I was so embarrassed I would've killed her if I could.

Now, looking at how cousin May turned out , I suppose I was glad I'd left those murderous urges behind me. We settled down in the back and she started filling me in on what we had done way back then, when we were little. I can honestly say I don't really remember half of what she said we did - maybe it's easier to remember things when you live a simple life, I thought - but I made all the right noises and kept nodding my head in agreement to what she was saying.

There was another, more compelling reason for my lack of attention to our conversation - our trip back to the farm took us over some really bumpy roads, and the way her chest was bouncing, I was almost certain she wasn't wearing a bra. Then we went over a particularly deep pothole and she fell forwards, giving me a visual confirmation - I saw a lovely pink nipple through the open neck of her blouse. It was perched on a brown, perky mound and looked so fresh and tasty I had half a mind to reach out and pinch it to see if it was real.

As if that wssn't distracting enough, as she pushed herself back to her original position, I realised that she had flung her left leg out to the side to steady herself, leaving her bare pussy hanging out of the leg of her shorts. It wasn't particularly bushy -- in fact, the hair on her pubic mound was so wispy I didn't recognise it at first - I was admiring her leg, and as my eyes ran up past her knee to her thigh, they alighted on a lump that I thought had no place on a leg so beautiful. The pickup lurched again, and I suddenly noticed the pink cleft in the middle of that brown mound. My cock surged under my briefs when I realised I was looking at May's naked snatch. And what a beautiful snatch it was too.

May continued chattering away, seemingly unaware that her privates had been exposed to my gaze. Apparently, wearing panties wasn't a big thing with her. Or maybe it was an island thing. Whatever the reason, I certainly appreciated the opportunity to gaze upon her secret parts. I had to tear my eyes away from her crotch so that she wouldn't catch on and limited myself to surreptitious glances whenever her eyes moved away from my face.

The bumping continued and she had to keep moving to adjust her centre of balance, so that delicious clefted secret kept moving into and back out of her shorts. But I wasn't complaining because there were a few bumps we went over where she fell back, giving me an occasional view of the deep pink valley of her sex. In fact, I saw enough of her pussy to know that she had thick outer lips that tapered down to a little dent that I knew marked the entrance to her vagina.

The road to the farm sucked, but it was working great for my eyes. We went into a particularly deep pothole and her legs flew up and apart. I had to stop myself from gaping because I saw her labia spreading, showing off her lusciously moist vulva, separated from the tiny rosebud of her anus by a small shelf of brown flesh.

She squealed with laughter when we landed and I had to stifle a grunt - it hurts when you're bumping around the back of a pickup while you're sporting a huge erection - and lay there for a bit, giving me a long eyeful of her exposed pussy. May still didn't seem to notice that her private parts were on display, and chatted on excitedly about the field we were passing. Something about a dog, running and all that... I can't say my mind was on what she was saying, I was so focused on what she was showing.

Then she sat up and said: "Look, we're here!", her finger pointing in the direction of a small, rather rundown looking farmhouse. Her pussy disappeared back into the leg of her shorts as we rolled into the yard of the little farmhouse and I heaved a sigh of disappointment... and relief. It was getting quite difficult to keep myself from staring at her crotch, and to tell the truth, I wasn't sure she wasn't aware too, that I was looking at her naked pussy.

We rolled to a stop in front of a farmhouse that looked exactly as I remembered it and May stood up, her hands brushing down the front of her shorts. I might have caught one more glimpse of her pussy as she did so, but I'm not sure... it didn't matter anyway because I'd gotten more than my fair share of views of May's lovely little snatch.

She jumped down onto the ground and reached back to pick up the beer. "The ride too rough for you, cuz?' she smiled at me, then turned around and walked into the house. I did the same and picked up my backpack. I could smell the outhouse from where I was standing - oh yes, there was a definite lack of plumbing facilities here, I remember now - and thought of holding my nose while going to the toilet, sleeping on a hard bed in a largely unheated house, and waking up in the morning to do chores while May's parents went out to fish.

"Welcome to our humble home, Charlie," said Aunt Lucy. "You'll be sharing the bed with Uncle Charlie, and the toilet's over there, just like before. I hope you're not too disappointed with the facilities."

I thought of maybe catching more glimpses of May's bare pussy while her parents were out fishing, maybe under her shorts, under her pyjamas, or even accidentally on purpose walking into the outhouse while she was inside... and shook my head. "Not at all, Aunt Lucy. I'm not disappointed at all."

I wasn't lying too. If the trip in to the farm was any indication of how my holiday would turn out, I was certainly looking forward to the rest of the week. Lack of plumbing be damned, this may turn out to be the best holiday I've ever had.