 Note: This is based on a real event that happened to me. Thank you for reading, and enjoy. 

* * * * *

My Great Uncle had just died, so the family decided to have a get-together for New Year's Day. All of the relatives were expected to come, even the ones we hadn't seen for several years. 

I was tired from the New Year's Eve party I had attended the night before. I'm 18, it's my duty to party once in awhile! And how could I have missed the biggest party night of the year? 

My Grandmother noticed how tired I looked, "Well, I have a feeling you'll feel much more awake when Brad gets here."

I tried my best to remember who Brad was. He must be that skinny twenty-four year old who joined the army. He must be twenty-eight by now, I thought. 

That was an odd thing for her to say. I had barely spoken six words to Brad in my entire life. Why would seeing him make me feel more awake? I closed my eyes mid-thought and fell half-asleep. 

I opened them when I felt an electricity in the room. I saw smiling faces and heard, "It's good to see you again, Brad," over and over. 

I saw a slim pair of legs in loose jeans walk in front of me. Then, he sat beside me on the black leather couch. 

We must've looked striking together. Two good-looking young people amidst so many elders. 

He was so different than I had remembered him. His eyes were like majestic blue diamonds, or stars. It wasn't until he smiled that I really recognized him. That familiar, good-natured, Southern smile. 

I wanted to say something to him, but I wasn't sure what. Luckily, he was a good talker. "Why don't we get the plates set up so these senior citizens won't have to."

"Okay." 

I walked behind him up the stairs. Yes, I did look at his butt a little, but I kept myself together pretty well. 

The television was on in the living room, and a Matchbox Twenty video was playing. "I just love them," I said.

"Well, why don't we sit and watch it for a few minutes. I'm sure they won't even notice we're gone." He sat down right beside me again. 

I felt good as I watched Rob Thomas and Kyle Cook and the other band members. Feeling Brad next to me made it all the better. 

We talked about school and the army and the family for a little while, and soon I felt like we were really close. 

"So you're Jane, which makes you Pauline's grandkid?"

"Yeah, and you're Brad..."

"...I'm Houston's nephew."

"Oh, so we're really not related at all." I think I said that a little too happily. 

He chuckled. "I guess we're not."

I put my hand on his thigh. I don't know what came over me. I just enjoyed being near him. 

"You know, you're turning into such a pretty young lady."

"So are you, I mean, guy."

"It's okay. I bet there are a lot of young guys chasing you."

"Not really."

"I try to date, but I just can't find the right girl, you know?"

My eyes bounced from left to right, hoping I was right about what he was getting at, "Yeah, it's tough."

He leaned in towards me. I felt the blood in my veins flow quickly through me. His warmth was intoxicating. I subtly licked my lips.

We heard a noise and stood up quickly. We made uncomfortable movements as we dashed to the cupboards to get the plates. "Just getting the plates," I told my aunt.

She looked at me with a suspicion in her eyes. "Well, if it takes the both of you to grab a few plates."

I looked at Brad with lust, even though I tried not to let it show. I was dazed. 

We hurried back down the stairs. This time I led, hoping he'd get a good view. 

When we returned we had to sit through an unbelievably long dinner and chat. Soon, the relatives were asking about our love lives.

"So Brad," my grandmother asked, "have you found a nice little girlfriend yet?"

"Well, I have one, but I think I'm going to break up with her very soon." He winked at me. 

When I was asked the same question, I admitted that I had a boyfriend. 

Then my cousin's older boyfriend, who had been drinking and eyeing me for quite some time said, "Just one?"

"Ha Ha Ha."

Eventually, I had to excuse myself to use the restroom. Little did I know that miserable drunk had been waiting for me. 

"I'll give you what your little boyfriend can't." He walked towards me, leering. I wanted to cry. I don't know why I didn't yell. Unfortunately, I guess that's just the way shy girls are in a situation like that.

"Please let me through, I want to go downstairs."

"Well, you've made yourself comfortable in my house. I think it's time you showed your appreciation."

"I, I do appreciate it, sir. You have a lovely home." I tried to move out of his path, but it was useless.

"Shh shh, just let me taste you." He wrapped his arms around me and squeezed me savagely. I felt his breath, rich with alcohol, coming down hard on my face. His cracked lips smeared across my cheek. I began to cry. 

Then I felt his tongue stroke my skin. His hands were tight on my upper arms. "Mmm, baby." He was such a disgusting stereotype.

I yelled out, "Help me!" and tried to get away. I felt helpless and weak. 

It grew quiet downstairs. He put his hand over my mouth and held me still. Then I heard one of the guests say, "Did you hear something?" How badly I wanted to say, "YES, YES!" but I couldn't.

Then someone else said, "I didn't hear anything," and the chatter continued. 

He chuckled and rubbed his hands over my body. All I could do was cry and whimper. 

Then I heard Brad. "I heard Jane yell. Maybe they're all too old to hear, but I know what I heard. Where are you?"

I tried to stomp my feet to help him find me. It was working! I heard him coming toward us. 

"What the hell is going on here?" he pushed the beast off of me. I ran to the other side of the room. 

"The girl and I were just getting to know each other a little better. If you don't mind, we'd like to be alone."

Brad had just gotten out of the army a few months before, so he was strong in his mind and his body. He made a fist and swung at his face. He fell to the floor and held his head in his hand.

"You disgusting s.o.b. I'm calling the cops on you," Brad told him.

I grasped Brad's hand in mine, "No, please. I would be so embarrassed. I'm okay. I don't want to ruin the whole party."

"You didn't ruin anything. You have nothing to be sorry about."

"But please don't tell anyone about this. Please, Brad?"

"Alright. If that's really what you want." And we went back to the living room. He held me while I cried a little. 

"Thank you so much."

"Don't thank me, I'm just glad you're alright. It's just not right for men to do things like that to young girls. If you're not going to tell anyone, you need to stay in my sight for the rest of the night." He put his hand on my head.

"I'll be fine, thanks anyway."

Brad lifted my head so that he could look into my eyes, "Jane, he was going to rape you."

More tears streamed down my face. "I'm sorry I can't stop crying."

"You have nothing to feel sorry about. Shh."

I held his hand. I was so grateful to him. I wanted to be beside him forever. My eyes were struggling to stay open. I must've drifted into a light sleep. 

I woke up just a few minutes later. I looked down and was horrified. My hands had managed to massage my private area while I was unconscious! I dropped my hands and looked at Brad, who had definitely noticed.

"It's okay. You don't have to stop. I think it's a beautiful sight."

A beautiful sight? Me feeling myself was a beautiful sight? I smiled, mortified. "Oh geez, I can't believe I was doing that."

"Well, believe this," Brad said. He put his long, sturdy fingers on my hand and brought it back to my crotch. He rubbed it in a circle against my hungry flesh. I couldn't help squirming. "Does that feel good?"

I answered him with a soft moan. If I hadn't been so tired, I would've been far too insecure to let this happen. It felt great. 

Soon our clothes were gone. I felt so safe with him. In two hours, he went from a near stranger to the hero I loved. 

He held my face in his hands and mouthed, "I love you." His hands were so different from the alcoholic's. His were strong, but gentle. They knew just how to touch me to make me feel comfortable and hot. 

"Can I get that kiss now?" I asked. I lifted my head and reached my mouth out to meet his. He was so warm. I felt his naturally expert tongue with mine. My nipples grew hard and cold. He pressed them with his fingertips and kissed them softly. I arched my neck, looking up at the ceiling, but seeing the heavens. 

I stroked my hand up and down his smooth back. His shoulders weren't perfectly sculpted, but they were perfect for me. 

My backside was bouncing off of the couch, aching for Brad. He was now rubbing my thighs and inching towards their meet. 

I had always dreamed about the man that was perfect for me, and finding him was overwhelming. I cried again, and I hardly ever cry! I couldn't believe myself. 

"I'll go slow, I promise," he told me. Everything sounded like poetry in his voice.

Soon his cock met my entrance. The head just slid about a half an inch in, so I knew I must've been quite aroused. I had never felt such manliness against me before. I never dreamed it would feel so good. 

We kissed as he pushed my legs open wider. "The wider you open them, the better it will feel." I stretched them to their limit, and once his body was completely between them, I clamped them tight around him. 

My walls were stretching to accommodate him. He wasn't huge, but my virginity made for quite a squeeze. He hit every nerve I didn't know I had. I felt the way women in love have felt for thousands of years, that amazing fiery passion God blessed us with. 

I felt my juices pouring out of me. I knew I was becoming swollen with my own arousal. He ground me into the couch, feeding my pussy at least three inches at once. It was uncomfortable, but such a relief.

Finally he hit my hymen. I had never felt it before that moment. He lifted his shiny chest partially off me, sitting up a little. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He took me hand and told me to grip it as tightly as I needed to overcome the pain. 

He grunted as he plowed through it. I felt like a woman and a little girl in love at the same instant. I felt his cock all the way inside of me and I loved it. My breathing had become very labored and sweat had emerged on my forehead. 

Brad's face was flushed. It made him look extraordinary. He pumped in and out and in and out of my body. I felt empty, then complete and empty, then complete. It was miraculous. To think that a man can do so much to me in such a short amount of time astounded me. 

He raised himself again and I felt him grow. As big as he was in me already, he grew! To make matters worse, I tightened! His eyebrows pointed towards each other. He looked almost distressed as he plunged into me. 

I took a slow breath and contracted around him. He had to put his hand over my mouth because I was screaming. 

He groaned very deeply and held onto me with all his might. His balls were smothered against me. We held each other tightly. I orgasmed his cum out of him. It was hot and powerful. 

When it was over, we looked at the clock. "Twenty-five minutes."

I smiled. After we got dressed, he offered me his arm, "Shall we?"

We went back downstairs to the party, and this time, no one had noticed that we had ever left. My grandma told me that my cousin's boyfriend hadn't been feeling well, so he rented a motel room to sleep in. 

When the party was nearly over, Brad stepped in front of the door, blocking the guests from leaving. "Wait, wait, one more thing."

Then he knelt in front of me and took my hand. "Jane, will you let me spend the rest of my life with you?"

I didn't cry this time. I said "YES!" as loud as I could.

The guests were shocked. They thought we barely knew each other. (Silly, huh?) I kissed him and was happier than I had ever been in my life.

"She said yes!" Brad yelled. 

The guests were quite confused, but they cheered and clapped anyway. It didn't matter, though. Nothing could've made me any happier.