 It was a Wednesday afternoon, I was walking into my favorite coffee shop after work. My wife had to work late so I figured I would kill some time before heading home. I was ordering a sandwich when I heard my name called from behind. I turned to notice my friend Mark's wife Abbey. She was very attractive and I always thought out of Mark's league. I had to admit, she was much better looking than my wife. She carried herself with a lot of confidence and always looked good. We had only briefly met a few times at some parties; we never sat down and talked. I invited her to have a coffee with me and she obliged. She had just finished working out and was looking great. It's not fair that women wear such tight workout outfits, I couldn't take my eyes off of her. We got to chatting a bit, I had my computer closed at the table. I was writing something then I went up for the coffee. We talked for a while. About our marriages, work, etc.. She asked what I was working on and I told her it was something for my wife. I told her I was trying to spice up our sex life and I was writing a role play for her and I to execute. She had no idea about it though. To be honest Abbey seemed a little shocked but also intrigued. We talked more about it. Finally I agreed to send her a copy of the role play for her point of view to help me out before I presented it to my wife. We exchanged emails and I agreed to send her the copy when I was done. 

A few days later it the evening I was finished up the plot. My wife was at a book club meeting and I was typing away on my lap top in the living room. It was rather lengthy but in depth and exactly what I wanted. I was about to email it to Abbey when I froze. I couldn't do it. It wasn't that it was personal about my wife and I but more so I didn't want to freak her out. I poured myself a drink to calm my nerves and thought it over for a little while. Finally, I just went ahead and sent it. She had told me to do it and I felt that she would be honest and not judge. I couldn't believe I just sent her this. So I didn't bother her about it and waited patiently for an email. Finally it had been a week and I was worried. She might have told Abbey, or she just thinks I'm a freak. I didn't know what to do. The next day in the afternoon I received a text. I didn't know the number an all it said was, "Do you want to meet for coffee?" I replied back asking who it was. She said it was Abbey; she got my number of my email signature. I was relieved and nervous to hear from her. I asked her to meet at that same place in a half hour but she said she couldn't do it till later this evening. I was intrigued by this and told her okay. I'll make up something to tell my wife. She also said not the same place; she would text me the address. 

I went home after work and talked to my wife, told her I was meeting a friend for a beer. She didn't object at all. I quickly changed into jeans and a nice shirt and headed out to the address. It was far away, about an hour drive on the other side of the city. I got there and could not find this place, I drove up and down this street but it just seemed to be an industrial area with no coffee shop. 

I pulled down this one way street, a dead end and was completely lost. I looked up and couldn't believe it. A woman, Abbey walked towards my car window. I rolled my window down and looked out.

Starting from the bottom, she had on these black thigh high boots, very shinny and the heels were huge. I don't know how she could walk in them. Coming out of the top was a pair of black fishnet thigh highs. Her long legs looked great. She had on this skimpy micro black mini skirt. It clung tightly over her ass, barely covering it. Her stomach was bare up until a few inches below her tits. She had on this bright red tube top that stopped half way up her tits. Her lips were a bright, bright red. Her eye shadow was trashy black and blue looking. She had this huge loop earrings dangling out of her ears. They looked fake and cheap. She had on this leopard design leather coat that was only as long as her mid-section. It was as open exposing her body. She took a puff on the cigarette dangling in her finger tips and walked up to the car. She was slowly strutting her stuff and not in a big hurry. 

Abbey: How you doing honey? You out looking for some fun tonight...(She gave a little nod and a wink as to play along)

Me: (In a bit of shock) Um I could be, maybe...

Abbey: (Puffs on her cigarette and exhales up past the front of my car) What you want doll, you want me to jerk you off? Want a blowjob? 

Me: Well how much for a blowjob? 

Abbey: (Pushes the sides of her coat behind her, exposing all of her tits) I'll suck you off for $50. More if you want me to play with your balls.

Me: Let me see what you're working with, let's see those tits. 

Abbey: (She looks side to side for a second then exposes her boobs.) I give better head than any of the other whores out here. Trust me baby. 

Me: Okay, get in the car then. 

Abbey: (She puffs on her cigarettes one more time then stomps it out with her boot. She walks around the front of the car and opens the door and sits down.) Drive further down this alley. I'm Kandi by the way. (She winks at me) 

Me: I'm Thomas. So you suck dick good Kandi?

Abbey: I suck did great baby. I'll take that dick deep in my mouth. You got the cash? 

Me: (I open up my wallet, wasn't expecting her to really ask but thankfully I just went to the bank. I hand her three 20's) Make it good.

Abbey: (She slides the cash down her top on the left side of her boob. She unzips my jeans and pulls my dick out of my boxers and jeans)

Me: (I can't believe she is actually doing this and I'm actually allowing her too.)

Abbey: (she jerks my cock a few times but its already rock hard. She doesn't hesitate as her lips go over the head of my cock, licking the tip but right away she starts sucking fast.) 

Me: (I just lay back in the front seat of the car and let her go to work. My eyes closed, can't believe how great this is.)

Abbey: (She jerks it a few times but mostly just her lips go up and down. She forces it somewhat into her throat for a second then pulls off when she starts to gag. She leans in further and her tongue starts to work on my balls) 

Me: (I feel like I'm ready to explode. I reach down and start to fondle her breasts.)

Abbey: (she comes off my cock) Oh no, not touching, you didn't pay for that. (Her lips move back down, don't miss a beat as she starts sucking up and down faster and faster) 

Me: (I just laid back in that seat and let her do the work, I wondered if she sucked Mark like this or was it just because of how intense and spontaneous the situation was.) 

Abbey: (Finally, coming of my cock) You want to fuck me baby.

Me: (I could tell that she was so hot and wanted to be fucked.) How much?

Abbey: Well I don't have a lot of time. I'll give you a deal, $75 more and do my on the hood of your car.) 

Me: (Quickly I grab my wallet and just hand her four 20's) 

Abbey: (She puts the cash in with the rest next to her boob and gets out of the car. She walks to the front and lifts her skirt up over her stomach; she slowly bends over the hood waiting for me.) 

Me: ( I quickly walk behind her, my dick still hard sticking out of my jeans.)

Abbey: (She pulls a condom out of her top and reaches back and hands it to me) 

Me: (I quickly slide it on and spread her legs, I slowly slide my cock into her soaking wet pussy and grab her hips as I speed up my trusts.) 

Abbey: ohh fuck yeah, that's it, fuck me baby (She flings her hair over her shoulder and looks back at me, she gives her ass a good smack) 

Me: (I start drilling into her, trusting her into the hood of the car, her pussy more and more soaked with each umph. I work into her hard, slamming in the pulling out slow.)

Abbey: (She lets out a few whimpers, I can tell she would be louder but doesn't want to be heard.) ohhhhhh hurry baby, fucking cum. Fuck me, come on!

Me: (I don't hesitate, I thrust harder and harder, finally I hold the last one deep in her as I cum into the condom, holding her down on the hood...Finally I pulled out of her.)

Abbey: (She stood upright and pulled her skirt down, not really all the way but only half way down her ass) 

Me: (I discarded the condom and pulled my jeans up and zipped up. I watched her as she just turned smiled at me, then strutted back down into the direction I picked her up. I thought about asking if she wanted a ride but that wasn't part of the scene. I got in and drove off.) 

I was half way back home when I stopped at a gas station to wash up and brace myself for seeing my wife again. I got a text as I was walking back to the car. It was from Abbey. "I never thought it would be so hot to be a hooker. Thanks for the opportunity. Make sure to send me your next story"