 Following posting of Chapter 2 of this story a number of readers expressed dismay at not getting the details of what happened between June and Herman following the couples romp in the back yard. I hadn't planned to write another chapter, but for those who want to know, here is another chapter focused on June's "Film at 11." 

Film at 11! God I couldn't wait. As my wife June and I drove back to our home in Atlanta that evening all I could think about was the "Film at 11" June had promised. My dick was about half engorged as I spun out one fantasy after another about what might be in Film at 11. June however was curled up in the passenger seat sleeping soundly for the full duration of our two-hour drive. 

What was in Film at 11? What I expected was a video of my sexy wife fucking a huge black cock that belonged to my brother in law, the Baptist preacher. We had just spent the night with June's family—her father (also a Baptist preacher—we called him Rev), her mother, her horny sister, Clarisse, and Clarisse's husband, Herman, also a Baptist minister and owner of the large black cock which I believed to be the star of Film at 11. We had always viewed June's family to be so sexually repressed by their strong religious views that they might as well have taken a vow of chastity. Wow, were we wrong! 

We had driven up to June's parents' house in rural Georgia the afternoon before, expecting a monumentally dull evening with her family. It turned out to be anything but what we had expected. The six of us had finished off at least a gallon and a half of cheap wine after which the parents walked out of the dinning room with Mom fondling Rev's ass. 

During dinner, Clarisse had been discretely fondling my cock, while Herman was quietly finger fucking my slutty wife who had neglected to wear any panties. After the parents retired and a couple of joints were shared amongst the youngsters, the four of us had swapped wives, first for a group fuck out behind the house and then for the remainder of the evening. June had told me that she had used her cell phone to record her fuck-fest, as she called it, with Herman. She referred to this recording as "Film at 11" and promised to show it to me when we got home. 

As we pulled into our driveway June blinked her eyes awake, saying, "Oh, are we home?" 

"That's where we are sleepy head. Now when do I get to see Film at 11?" 

"Oh God, not now. I'm worn out from last night. Lets have a cocktail, and I'll order in Chinese. I know you, you horn dog. You'll watch that video and just want to fuck me." 

"And that's bad, why?" I asked. 

"Because I'm worn out." She stirred as she spoke and said, "Oh, I'm sore too. Damn, that Herman was really something. I wonder where my sister found him." 

"You sound truly satiated," I said as we walked into our living room." 

"Oh, yes. I am," she said as she curled up on the couch. "Really and truly satis . . fied." Her words trailed off as she drifted off into sleep. I scooped her up and tucked her into bed, still fully clothed. 

I could see that there was going to be no Film at 11 tonight. Really a shame. Damn, I was horny. I wasn't sure why. After all, I had spent a goodly portion of the prior evening fucking Clarisse. As I poured myself a drink and sat down in an easy chair I thought about the things Clarisse and I had done. My God that woman was a sex fiend. Well, really no worse than her sister June. 

I sat in the chair savoring my scotch, my mind cycling between replaying the sex I had with Clarisse the night before and speculating on what went on between June and Herman. As I thought about what had happened and might have happened I could feel my dick swelling. What the Hell, I thought; June isn't going to wake up. I released my belt and trouser fastenings and pulled my now pretty damn hard prick out so I could begin to stroke it. As I idly stroked it, I focused more and more on what Herman and June might have done. 

Then I had an idea. Hell, June's out for the night and her cell phone is right over there in her purse on the couch. Nah, I really shouldn't, I told myself. She'll show me tomorrow. 

As I continued to slowly stroke my now rigid cock, all I could think about was what might be on that cell phone, nestled in June's purse just a few feet away. It's funny. When sex is involved, the more you tell yourself it's wrong to do something, the more you want to do it anyway. 

Finally I told myself she would never know, and I stood up and walked to the purse. It was a big purse and I had to root around in all the junk she had in it for a while before I found the phone. 

I pulled it out, walked back to my chair, and stared at the phone for a while, trying to decide what to do. By this time I was so horny that my dick was doing the thinking, and I so wanted to see my wife fucking Herman's big black dick. I clicked the power button and then had to root around in her system for a while to find the video, but it was there. 

I started to open it and then I had a better idea. I e-mailed a copy of the video to myself and put the phone back in the purse where I had found it, after erasing the e-mail from her sent messages list. I know, nothing is ever really gone from our digital world, but why make things easier than they have to be. Next I walked over to the other side of the room to replenish my drink. 

Tucking my still erect cock back in my trousers, I walked downstairs and opened up my desktop computer. Sure enough there was my e-mail and the video. Before I settled down in my desk chair I stripped off my trousers. My dick was so excited about what it hoped we were about to see that it was poking out of my boxers. I sat down, drink in one hand and the computer mouse in the other. I took a long pull on the drink, set it down, and devoted that hand to the stroking of my dick, now pretty much fully escaped from the confinement of my boxers. The other hand used the mouse to start the video. My big computer screen was a much better idea than trying to watch it on my wife's phone. 

When the video opened up Herman was stretched out naked on the bed with that huge dick of his about half inflated. It was lying across one of his thighs. I could hear them talking. 

"Do you mind if I take a picture of your cock. I want to remember it." God, June sounded brazen, but she was that way sometimes. The camera zoomed in on Herman's dick until it filled the screen. 

"Hell woman, it's at half mast right now. You don't want a picture of that do you?" 

"Well, how do we get it up?" June said. 

"Come here and suck on it." Herman's tone was aggressive. "You do know how to suck cock don't you sweetie?" 

"Oh yes I do know that," June said with a giggle. "I know how to suck cock really well. I've been sucking cocks since I was old enough to know that's what they were for." 

Herman chuckled. "Just like your slutty sister," he said. 

Suddenly the picture was just of the ceiling, but the sound track was giving me the slurping noises of June sucking on Herman's cock and Herman's soft groans of enjoyment. 

"Oh fuck! Fuck yes! You do know how to suck cock. Oh fuck, that's good." You could hear Herman's voice over the slurping noises June was making as she sucked him off. 

Then I heard June again, "Oh yeah, now it's hard enough. Now he's ready for a picture." Then the view on the video changed from the blank ceiling to a selfie of June and Herman's cock. His cock was like a big black angry pole and June was posed grinning with drops of salvia on her chin right behind Herman's phone pole of a cock. She was on her hands and knees and I could see her big soft tits hanging down from her chest. Her hand not occupied by the phone was wrapped around the cock as she stroked it and twisted her hand. I could hear Herman groaning in the background as she jacked him. 

"You like that baby?" she asked as she continued to jack his dick. "You aren't ready to cum again are you?" she asked. 

He groaned in response. And I thought I saw June wink at the camera. What the hell? 

She pulled her hand off his dick and gave the head a lick with her tongue and said, "Oh no you don't. I want to fuck this dick, so I don't want you loosing it now." 

Oh fuck this is hot I thought as I slowly stroked my cock. I was leaking copious amounts of pre-cum which I was smearing over the head of my prick and on down the shaft, but I was being careful not to get to far with my masturbating. I didn't want to go off before this video ended. I took another sip of my scotch. 

That was when the video cut to the next scene. She had apparently paused the recording and then propped it up on a bureau and restarted it. At first only Herman was in the picture. He was slowly stroking his huge prick. You could see the shine of pre-cum and June's saliva on it. Then I could see my lovely naked wife walk into the picture, her nicely rounded ass swaying from side to side. 

"Is that big cock for me?" she asked. 

"Oh yeah baby. Tonight it's all for you. Anyway you want it." 

June climbed onto the bed on her knees so she was sideways to the camera. She leaned forward grabbing his prick with one hand and used it to rub her nipples on her hanging tits. Then she swung a leg over him so she was in a reverse cowgirl, her ass facing Herman's face. Herman's big prick was hidden behind her, but you could see she was playing to the camera. She was looking straight at the camera holding up her tits in her hands as if she was offering them to whoever might be watching the video. 

She certainly was enjoying playing to the camera, I thought. 

She rose up on her knees and you could see Herman's big cock beneath her. Reaching down, she used her hand to guide his prick towards her cunt. At first she just stroked herself with it. You could see her bite her lower lip when she let the head graze her clit. 

Herman spoke up, "Come on baby. Lets see if you can really take this prick." 

June looked back over her shoulder at Herman. "Don't get excited. This boy is big, but he's not that big." 

Then you could see her guide his cock up to the opening of her cunt and slowly let herself sit down, forcing Herman's monster into her. She closed her eyes as she slowly forced his cock into her cunt. As the head entered her cunt her eyes flew open and she looked straight at the camera, silently mouthing the words, "Oh fuck!" I could still see several inches of Herman's prick beneath her and I was beginning to wonder if she could take it all. 

June lifted herself up a bit and then pushed back down. She repeated this move several times, each time taking the monster a little further in until she was finally sitting on his legs with none of his prick showing beneath her. Now June just held this position, her eyes closed and biting a lip. 

"Fuck you're big!" she said. 

"That's right baby, but it feels good doesn't it. You know you love having my big cock fill you up." 

"Fuck yes!" she whispered 

Then he flexed his hips upward. Not much, but it was enough. June's eyes flew open and she cried out, "Oh!" 

Now it was June's turn to move. She rose up on her knees until Herman's prick was more than half way out of her and then slowly took it all back in again. Her eyes were closed again and she was biting her lip. She began to repeat the motion, each time rising a little bit higher and coming down a little bit faster. I could hear Herman groaning behind her, "Oh yeah baby. That's it. Ride that cock. You're so hot, so tight. Oh fuck!" 

By now June seemed to be pretty comfortable with Herman's cock and she was riding him as rapidly as she wanted, leaning forward with her big tits hanging down and her dark hair hanging around her face. "Oh fuck! Fuck! Fuck! That's so fucking good," she was crying out. 

Then she paused again. She sat up straight, with Herman's big cock jammed all the way into her, and once again began to play to the camera, holding her tits out for me again and licking her lips. Then I saw her mouth the words, "Jerk that cock!" 

I couldn't believe it. She knew! She had known then that I would get my hands on this video and jerk off while I watched her fuck Herman's huge cock. I was a player in her little sex scene with Herman, but I was one that wasn't there. Even though I wasn't there, part of what was getting her hot was the knowledge that I would see this and jack off when I watched it. God, I was getting close, but I didn't want to cum until I saw my wife cum, so I eased up on the pace and the pressure I was applying to my prick. 

Now she leaned back on one hand. Her legs were spread on either side of Herman's hips and I could see the base of Herman' big prick at the stretched mouth of her cunt. I could also see her clit protruding from its hood engorged and red. "Watch this," she mouthed silently talking to me again. She licked her fingers and reached down with her free hand and began to rub her clit. Now she had her eyes closed and was biting her lip again. She kept it up for maybe thirty seconds or a minute. "Oh fuck!" she screamed. I'm gonna cum!" 

Then she screamed as a powerful orgasm ripped through her. That set Herman off. I saw his hips buck, driving his rigid cock even farther into June. She screamed again, Herman bucked again and again and June continued to scream with each heave of Herman's hips until they both ran down and she collapsed forward her head on his knees. 

The video stayed focused on the two of them, collapsed after their climaxes for what seemed a long time. Eventually June got up and walked to the bureau to turn it off. I could see Herman's cum dripping down her legs. That was the end of the video. 

I backed the video up, planning to watch the last few minutes again while I let myself cum. Just as I was about to start replaying June's climax, I heard June's voice behind me. "Wait!" 

Oh fuck. Busted, I thought. I guess she wasn't out cold as I had expected. I looked back over my shoulder and saw June standing naked in the doorway, her clothes in a pile next to her feet. How long had she been watching? Long enough to take her clothes off at least. 

She walked slowly towards me, swinging her hips as she had when she walked toward the bed in the video. I was at a loss for words. 

She stepped between me and the computer and dropped to her knees facing me with her hands wrapped around my rigid cock. "I knew you would watch it and I knew you would jack off when you did. That was what I was thinking about while I made the video. That thought of you watching the video is what made me cum so hard." She leaned forward and used her tongue to lap the slippery pre-cum off the head of my dick. 

I gasped at the sensation of her tongue on my cock. She lifter her head back up and looked at me, still holding my prick with one hand. "So, did you like the video?" 

"Fuck! It was incredible," I said. "But really?" I asked with a skeptical tone. "You were only thinking of me jacking off when you made the video? Herman and his big dick never crossed your mind?" 

She smiled a sly smile and said, "Well maybe just a little. Lets just say his prick was distracting. But that's not why I came down here. I really don't need Herman and his big dick so long as I have you. Now I want to finish you off. Start the video again." 

As I reached forward to click the mouse her mouth engulfed my cock. It was bouncing off the back of her throat as she pumped up and down and I watched Herman fucking her again. Just as we got to the climax in the video June slid a hand under my ass and probed into my rectum until she could press on my prostate. Fuck that did it I erupted into her mouth. She swallowed the first shot and then pulled quickly back and let the remainder spray on her tits. 

She leaned back against the desk and slowly rubbed my cum into her tits. "I think it's bed time," she said. We slept until 10 the next morning and started the day with a joint shower.