 I don't normally like surprises. Never had a good one. That is until the other day. I work the night shift. When I came out of work the other morning, there was a surprise on my jeep. Well, not ON exactly. More like leaning against. I couldn't believe it. My heart skipped a beat. There was a sexy man leaning there. The best part was, he was MY sexy man.

When I walked up to him, he grabbed me and pulled me so close we could have been wearing the same clothes. He kissed me hard, deep and long. Eric finally broke of the kiss after several of my friends and coworkers started honking their horns and applauding.

"Morning my pet. How was work?" he asked smiling his gorgeous smile down at me.

"It was work. Better now that I'm out and my man is here to see me."

"I wanted to give you a little surprise."

"Well, it was a nice surprise."

"Oh, well, this isn't' the surprise. It's just the preview." he said with a chuckle.

"Oh really?" I asked

"Oh really. Come on. I want you to follow me."

So, he gave me another kiss, then opened the door to my jeep. I got in and he went to his own truck and we left. I wondered where we were going. I soon found out.

Eric had a camper at the local campground. He had been spending his weekends there even though he had been home during the week. That's where he took me. When we got to the campsite, we parked and Eric came over and opened for me. I got out of the jeep and he was still standing 'in the door' so it put our bodies close together. He leaned in to kiss me again. Slow, easy, deep. I LOVE Eric's kisses.

Then he backed away and took me by the hand and led me inside his camper. Needless to say, I was surprised. Inside there were flowers and a few balloons. As far as I knew, it wasn't a special day, so I had no idea what was going on.

"What's all this?" I asked.

"Well, I don't think I've shown you how much you mean to me lately," he replied as he leaned over to kiss me again.

"You didn't have to buy flowers and balloons to show me," I said. "I don't need material things. I have you."

"There's more. I have to tell you something, my pet."

Oh no, here it comes. I knew it was too good to be true. No surprise ever turns out good for me.

Eric chuckled. It was like he knew what I was thinking. "Now, now, my pet. You worry too much. This is a good thing I have to tell you."

Since it was a tiny camper, the only place to really sit together was on the edge of the bed. We sat facing each other, each of us with one leg on the bed and the other hanging off the edge. I put my leg over Eric's and he pulled me close to him. I was feeling nervous and he knew it. I looked down at his fingers as he entwined them with mine on one hand. With the other, he reached up and took my chin in his hand, raising my face so we could look each other in the eyes.

"Relax, my pet," he said as he leaned in and pulled me close. He kissed me so tenderly. When he pulled back, I looked him in the eye and smiled.

"That's better. Now, I have something to tell you."

I braced myself expecting....I don't know. He was reassuring me, but I still had a nervous twinge.

"Let me just say this. I love you, my pet. I have loved you for a long time. I have never said it because I didn't think you'd be around this long."

"Oh Eric," I cried. I couldn't help it. I knew he did, but it's not the same thing as hearing it. It melted my heart.

"Shhhh. Don't cry my pet." he said as he wiped away my tears.

Then he pulled me to him so that I was practically sitting in his lap. He wrapped his arms around me and held me tight. His arms felt so good around me. This is where I was meant to be. Right here, in this moment, with this man. Like we were made for each other. I took in a deep shuddering breath and held it for a moment so I wouldn't cry.

He pulled away from me, took my face in his hands and said, "I know you've been waiting a long time to hear that and I'm sorry. But I'm saying it now. I love you, my pet."

Then he kissed me again. Barely touching my lips with his. Then pushing against me, kissing me deeper. When his tongue met mine...WOW. His kisses always drive me wild. I could drown in his kiss. I always got so wet with just his kiss. I melted against him with a moan.

One hand wrapped in my hair. The other hand slid down to cup a breast. Eric started gently squeezing, but as the kiss grew deeper, the squeezing became harder. Then his other hand slid down and did the same to the other breast. Eric then slid his hands down and he took off my blouse. Then he grabbed my bra and popped my c-cup sized breasts free by yanking it over my head without unhooking it.

Eric gave me one of his wonderful smiles as he leaned down to take one hard but into his mouth, and the other between his fingers. His tongue and teeth felt so wonderful, I arched my back and pressed his head into my breast. His nibbles were gentle until I pushed on his head again, then he started to suck and bite hard. I absolutely loved it.

I moaned, "Oh Eric." I loved the way his name felt on my tongue.

Eric then wrapped my legs around his waist, lifted us up and laid me back on the bed. He came up and started kissing me again. His weight on top of me was absolutely glorious. He made me feel so alive.

His kisses left my mouth and trailed down the side of my neck. Nibbling and sucking along with each delicate kiss. Down my breasts, paying special attention to my nipples. Then he trailed down my stomach. As he went lower, he hooked onto my shorts and underwear and pulled them both off together. Eric shifted on the bed and spread my legs apart. He kissed the inside of my knees, then my thighs.

He lay down between my legs and started rubbing my mound. Sliding his fingers inside my slit, he spread open my nether lips. He leaned down and started tonguing my clit.

"Oh Eric," I said breathlessly. "Oh you feel so good."

He licked some more and sucked on my hard nub. "Oh baby, you taste so good." and then he bit my clit.

I squirmed against his face and he slid a finger inside me going for the sweet spot to make me cum. He lathed my wet pussy with his tongue, enjoying giving as much as I enjoyed receiving. Just when he'd get me to the point I thought I would explode against his mouth, he backed off. After doing this for a few times, he finally dug in and gave me sweet release. As I orgasmed on his tongue and fingers, I pretty much all but mashed his face into my by holding him in place with my leg wrapped around his head and shoulders.

After I had a huge orgasm, he knelt between my legs, put my ankles up on his shoulders and slid his cock along my clit. I squirmed. He smiled. And then he slid right into me.

Eric made the thrusts slow and agonizingly sweet. And the look on his face told me he was enjoying it as much as I was. After a few shallow thrusts, he thrust deep. I closed my eyes and reveled in the feel of his cock inside me. His thrusts started coming faster and harder. 

Then he spread my legs apart and leaned over me, his hands outside my shoulders. He started kissing my neck. As his thrusts became deeper, harder and faster, he started biting and sucking my neck harder. It was heaven. 

I wrapped my hands in his hair and said, "Harder."

Eric thrust harder, bit and sucked harder. I was trying to wait and cum with him, but this was making it so hard. 

"Oh yes, baby, that's it. Don't hold back."

He didn't. When he made his final thrust of that hard cock inside my pussy, he bit down deep and sucked hard. I cried out loud in orgasm as his hot seed spilled inside me. I wrapped my legs around him and squeezed him hard as I squeezed my sex muscles around his cock. He just kept pumping and pumping. 

Finally collapsing beside me, I leaned over and gave him gentle kisses. I put my hand on his cheek and with tears in my eyes, I told him, "I love you."

He looked at me with such tenderness in his eyes and said, "I love you too, my pet." and kissed me again.

I guess it was a good surprise after all!