 Shirley and I have worked together for years and never even considered having an affair. A few months ago we went for drinks and after several rounds she confided in me that she and her long time boyfriend were not getting along. She told me that he had quit paying any attention to her, especially physically. 

This revelation just blew me away since Shirley is one hot mature woman. She is about 5'5" tall, blond hair, and a body to die for. Her best assets are her boobs which are natural 36-C s.

Recently I noticed she had been flirting with me more and more. Sexting sexy messages, "accidentally" giving me peeks at her boobs, showing her hard nipples, and showing more of her very nice legs as she sat in my office allowing me a look up her short skirts.

On one occasion another employee wanted a photo of me and Shirley and asked us to stand next to each other. We did, but as we did she made sure her right boob was pressed against my left arm. Well he needed more than one photo and she kept pressing her boob against my arm giving me a very nice boner. When I got back to my computer I e-mailed her a thank you for pressing your boob against me. She said "you're very welcome; it felt good to me and made my nipples hard!"

We began to meet for make out sessions in vacant units where we worked or in my office which had no windows. She would get very turned on and loved kissing with lots of tongue, having her tits played with, and getting fingered and fucked. She loved for me to cum inside her cunt!

One Friday she was going to fly back to her home town for a high school reunion and asked me to drive her to the airport. Shirley had gotten her hair done and looked stunning. She was wearing a cotton blouse that wrapped and crossed very loose and low over her boobs. She also had on a pair of jeans and she had told me once that when she wore jeans she never wore panties. So I knew she was commando. Her hair was in a ponytail, and she smelled like heaven.

We took her Chevy Tahoe, I drove. Shirley made sure to lean so I could see down her top. As usual she was wearing a very sheer white lace bra. While driving I reached over and ran my hand down her blouse and into her bra. Her nipples were incredibly hard. She began to get more and more excited so she reached down and started stroking my very hard cock. We played with each other until I told her to open her jeans. She did with no hesitation and sure enough she was commando. I slipped my hand inside of her jeans only to find she had shaved her cunt completely! What a nice surprise. My fingers easily found her very wet cunt. Her clit was swollen with lust. She opened her legs and pulled her jeans down allowing me easy access to her cunt. She asked if we could pull over somewhere. I found the perfect place in the parking lot of an abandoned building. As soon as the SUV came to a halt she was all over me. She had her tongue in my open mouth and her hand on my cock. She unbuttoned my Slacks and removed her blouse and jeans. She was now dressed only in her sheer bra. 

I pulled her head down to my throbbing cock and while she sucked my cock I fingered her clit and G-Spot deep inside her soaking wet cunt. Shirley was screaming that she wanted my cock in her cunt!

I pulled her over on top of me so she could help me enter her. She began fucking me like never before all the while I was pinching her nipples with one hand and rubbing her clit with the other. She stiffened and moaned loudly as she had an enormous orgasm. Her juices flowed all over both of us. 

I kept pumping her cunt with my hard cock as we kissed deeply. She was beyond lust and into delirium.

Finally I shot my load of hot cum deep inside my Hot Boss as she had another explosive orgasm.

We both lay in each other's arms for several minutes until she suggested I open her console where she had placed a towel. Shirley said she knew we would get messy on the way. We cleaned up and I took several minutes wiping her cunt for her. I love servicing my Boss!

She dressed and we pulled ourselves together.

We reached the airport and I got out to help with her bags. As I stood there she pulled me to her for a long deep kiss in front of a line of people waiting to check their luggage. I hoped no one we knew was watching. Before I left Shirley told me to be sure and check the glove box for a little surprise.

As I pulled away I opened the glove box where I found a pair of her thong panties that had a lot of "Her" on them with several nude photos of her and a note. The note told me to enjoy licking her panties and to cum on her photos. She asked me to cum on the panties also -- so she could wear them to work when she returned. She also asked that I pick her up when she returned since she would be extremely wet and horny!!! Life is amazing...