 My wife, "Chris", is a very proper, white, middle class lady, in her late 60's, who likes me to fuck her in the ass while her girlfriend, "Jennifer", makes love to her pussy. On occasion, we have switched roles, with Jennifer being the one in her ass with a special vibrating strap on and I am the pussy eater. So how did Chris get into all this? 

When she was a 18 years old, a senior at the old South Bend, Indiana, Riley High School, Chris was a bookish type who made excellent grades. She had no time for boys. She had a full academic scholarship to Indiana University and was looking forward to college. In May, just before graduation, a girl several years older named "Jennifer", contacted her on behalf of IU and offered to answer any questions she had about what to expect at IU in the Fall, housing, etc. As they talked Chris learned that Jennifer had gone to high school at South Bend Adams, graduating in 1962. Chris invited Jennifer to come over and say hello. Jennifer agreed.

As Chris tells it, Jennifer was a very attractive brunette with a quiet self-assured manner. Over the summer they became close friends. A few weeks before school started, her parents went back to Pennsylvania to visit relatives but Chris stayed home. During that week Jennifer taught Chris all about girly sex. 

Jennifer told her she (Chris)had to be ready to kiss and pet with boys or she wouldn't have any dates. So, in her parent's darkened living room, on their comfy couch, Chris sat with Jennifer and practiced. After about a half hour, Jennifer cupped one of Chris' boobs and began to softly rub the nipple. It wasn't long before Jennifer had them both down to their underwear. Over the next few days Jennifer taught Chris how to get the most pleasure out of her pussy, with fingers and a mouth. By the time her parents returned from vacation, Chris was ready for fun at college, just not with boys. She tells me over the next couple of years she and Jennifer got together as often as they could. She got to meet a few of Jennifer's older women friends and sometimes threesomes "just happened". 

I met Chris when we were seniors. She was my first female sex partner and I was her first male partner. She was a virgin when I fucked in the back seat of my roommates Chevy. We both had a couple of same-sex partners who took care of our sexual needs while we studied but we had a lot fun exploring straight sex with each other. I was going to medical school in the fall and she was graduating from nursing school. We were a hot couple and decided to get married.

We had an exciting albeit clumsy first year or so but we really got off on each other. About five years into our marriage "Deep Throat" came to town. The anal sex scenes got us so hot we tore our clothes off as soon as we got home and tried to play the Harry Reems - Linda Lovelace roles. She was so tight I couldn't get it in! What a bottom. Rather than hurt her, I fingered her while I ate her pussy. In the middle of a butt-lifting orgasm, my proper little wife screamed, "Jennifer, oh my god!" I kept eating and fingering and then I fucked the daylights out of her, wondering who was Jennifer as I climaxed.

Chris went to sleep right away so I had to wait to find out more about Jennifer. Over coffee the next morning Chris confessed. Since the first night Jennifer brought her to a climax with her tongue, Chris has been hooked on oral sex. She is the passive one, although she admitted she did go down on Jennifer once or twice. What is more surprising is that she and Jennifer still get together every few weeks and play while I am at work. Jennifer lives on the west side of Indianapolis. We live on the northeast side. They usually play at Jennifer's because she is single. I pressed her for details and Chris teasingly described a few sessions in Jennifer's highly fenced back yard. I was so hard I took her by the hand and dragged her to bed. My mental image of my sweet wife being eaten by this woman I had never met made me fuck her even harder than the night before. I demanded that Jennifer come to our house for dinner. 

To be continued...