 Katie Jackson couldn't sleep. Since her evening in Wichita she couldn't stop thinking about what had happened at the Circle Cinema. Anytime she closed her eyes; images of hard cocks poked through holes around her as she knelt on the floor. Her pussy ached to be filled and her mouth salivated. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand as she stared up at the ceiling of her bedroom. 

Ever since she had her first taste of her husband; Katie realized she loved sucking cock. She never thought it would be something she would enjoy. After that first lick, it seemed her life changed forever.

She looked over at the empty side of the bed where Fred usually slept and sighed deeply. She missed him more than ever at this moment. The first time she given him a blowjob; she was shy, insecure, and scared. She used to have the idea in her mind that performing oral sex wasn't the sort of thing that a proper respectable business woman or mother would ever think about doing.

Katie closed her eyes and recalled how she sometimes she took Fred's cockhead into her mouth and sucked softly on it, her tongue fluttering back and forth against the underside of the slab of prick meat, causing it to flare and swell and fill her mouth to the brim. He lasted a long time that way. She liked to make it last, as enjoyed his cock meat that preceded the creamy dessert. Not touching him at all, except for the head of his prick, she gave a prolonged, leisurely blowjob.

At other times, she sped the process up by stroking his cock shaft while sucking on his cock knob as she jerked him off into her mouth. It was not as gentle and tender that way, with her fist doing most of the work, but it got the job done in a hurry and was useful when they did not have a great deal of time, or when she happened to be starving for a load of cum.

Again, she might use only her mouth, but bob her head up and down so that, instead of sucking only on his fat cockhead, she took the whole long prick into her mouth and even down into her throat; deep-throating her husband with a steady rhythm.

Often she did not use her mouth at all, but only her hot and nimble tongue, lapping at the cock knob or tonguing up the prick stalk until his creamy cum spurted out in a torrent and splattering her freckled face. Then she would gather the delicious semen up with her questing tongue as it trickled down her cheeks and chin. He used to love it that way especially while she looked into his eyes.

Sometimes she liked to have him jerk himself off in her mouth, or if he demanded it, on her freckled face, which was not really a blowjob at all but had the same end result when she subsequently sucked his prick knob and slurped the spunk from his big slab of purple cock meat.

She loved to kneel down in front of him as he stood, giving a classic kneeling blowjob just like a whore in an alley. Once or twice, she had done it when they were at a department store in a changing room. She was worried the first time it happened but slowly it became a habit and kneeling before him with the door unlocked, driven to wild joy by the thought that anyone might walk in and find her with a mouthful of prick.

She also liked to have Fred get on top of her, straddling her torso, his balls sliding over her small firm tits as he fucked her in the mouth. Katie didn't do anything when they did it that way. She just opened her mouth and let him pour his prick to her at his own pace; the fat shaft of cock fucking in and causing her to gasp and then blowing his wad in with such force that she gagged as it hit her throat.

But all that was before her fat well-endowed neighbor Phil moved in with them and her life changed again. He treated her like a piece of meat for his sexual pleasure. But as she quickly realized that she wasn't just for him as he shared her amongst his friends. She was his slut. He forced his obscenely long cock into her throat and gagged her. Forced it up her ass and then back into her mouth. He pissed on her, made her lick his disgusting asshole and fucked her in every way possible. She hated him but couldn't get enough of his huge fat cock.

"I am a shameless slut," she whispered to herself, "A cock loving whore." Her pussy fluttered under the blankets as she felt it drip with her juices. Mrs. Jackson had developed an extremely high sex drive that couldn't be tamed. She craved sex more than anything and her mind kept gravitating towards young cocks. It was without a doubt she knew their semen tasted different. She couldn't get enough of it after her time working at Dr. Naz's or having sucked off her nephew in Wichita. That wonderful night in the small room when she let half a dozen gangbang her in the mouth, one right after the other, as they exploded in her mouth or across her freckled face. The thoughts about the joy of cock sucking and cum drinking consumed her as she lay in bed. 

She had fantasized about sucking or fucking her teenaged neighbor Joechin and his friends and taking their creamy cum as it shot down their throat or into her milking pussy. She couldn't fathom what would happen though if she did and the neighborhood found out. It was the one thing that stopped her from doing just that. In the past week she had finger fucked herself to thoughts of them, imagining that one or more of the boys had decided to fill her wet, needy fuck hole with their young pricks.

Katie was fantasizing wildly now as she lay in bed. These dark fantasies were causing her to pant with passion. Her pussy was overflowing. She cupped her cunt in her hand and her palm filled up with cunt juice. The hot pussy juice overflowed and ran down her thighs.

She just held her flowing cunt in her hand, as if to contain the lust within her loins. It seemed so perverse to think about sex with younger boys. So wrong and deprave. 

She reached over and turned on the lamp on her nightstand and pulled her laptop onto the bed as her dainty fingers clicked on the keyboard. She stared at the screen as her breaths became short as she used Google to search 'Gloryhole Kansas City'. 

Eventually she found a review that reported a gloryhole was in a gas station near the Bonner Springs exit off of I-70. It mentioned a commonly used hole between the ladies room and the men's room. Her stomach was in knots at the thought of repeating what she had done. More than ever she wanted her mouth to be used again, more to the point; she needed it to happen again. She could care less if they were young or old or anywhere in between.

The hot mother breathed heavily as she closed her eyes and tried to sleep. Her pussy quivered at the depraved thoughts that remained in her mind. Her mouth watered at the thought of allowing so many men abuse her mouth and feed her sticky semen. 

Finally it was morning. She was able to get a few hours of sleep despite the quivering folds of her pussy. Her children were up and getting ready for school. As though it was a normal morning; Katie took a shower and shaved her body clean including any pubic hair around her swollen cunt leaving only a narrow strip. She dried herself and applied her make up perfectly. She stood in front of the mirror as she curled her long brown hair. The sexy mother opened her underwear drawer but then closed it without selecting a bra or panties. She slipped on a small thin tan skirt that exposed her long sexy toned legs. She pulled on a baby blue button down blouse. Her breasts stuck out like two perfect orbs. Her nipples grew hard and pointed out of the fabric.

"Mom! We have to go," her daughter yelled up the steps.

"Okay!" Katie glanced over at the clock, "I'll be right there! Get in the car!" She slipped on her black high heels and stared at herself in the mirror. She spun and looked at her backside as she bent over and saw that her bare naked cunt was visible as it peeked out from under her skirt. Her mouth quivered at the thought of what she was doing. She imagined backing her bare pussy against the plywood wall and getting fucked by an anonymous stranger. The sexy mother's pussy quivered with excitement.

She walked downstairs and grabbed the keys and hopped into her SUV. Her children sang a popular pop song with the radio and were clueless to their mothers' intentions that morning. She pulled in front of the school, as she usually did, and turned as she kissed her them good bye. She told them to have a good day at school and before she even had time to think about what she was doing; she found herself speeding down Interstate 70 towards Kansas. Her juices dripped from her quivering pussy as she counted down the miles to Bonner Springs. She didn't know what to expect but hoped to discover a parking lot full of willing men that needed to get off. 

As she drove she questioned whether that being just past eight o'clock in the morning would make a difference. Surely there were people who felt horny all times of the day and couldn't get enough sex.

Her mouth salivated, her stomach fluttered as she pulled off at the Bonner Springs exit. She followed her navigation system but as she was about a block away she noticed only rubble where the gas station used to stand. She pulled into the parking lot that was full of construction equipment. She glanced around as her stomach dropped. She turned her Denali around and sat there momentarily as she gazed at what used to be a building. Nobody was in sight and she was incredibly horny. Her body tingled and her mouth salivated. For a fleeting moment she thought about continuing east on the Interstate towards Wichita. It was a three hour drive and then another three hours back. She wouldn't have any time to spend in a booth and even then maybe nobody would be willing to use her mouth. She sighed heavily and thought about returning to the Strand in downtown but could only imagine running into one of Fred's co-workers or being recognized from her performance on Dancing with the Stars.

She struck her steering wheel with her tiny clenched fist in frustration and drove back onto the on-ramp towards Kansas City. "I just need a cold shower," she smirked. Katie stared at the phone in her hand and contemplated calling Fred again but he told her repeatedly he wanted space to contemplate their marriage. As she grew closer to the Missouri side of the city; traffic was diverted off the interstate because of a bridge closure. 

Katie followed the line of cars that were diverted off the interstate and into Kansas City, Kansas. It was the riskier side of town and predominantly lower income than the Missouri side. In the hot wife's opinion; it was a place most people didn't go, especially after dark. Katie turned onto north 7th that travels through the heart of Kansas City, Kansas as she looked for a detour sign. 

As she was stopped in traffic along the curb Katie spied a young boy sitting at a bus stop by himself as his nose was buried in a book. As the hot wife drove by slowly, she could tell he was a good looking kid with fair skin and crisp flowing blonde hair. He wore a black polo shirt and khaki slacks. His bright white tennis shoes stood out amongst the lower income families walking on the sidewalks. He had an innocent face with a wiry body. Traffic began to move but she kept glancing over at him as she drove down the street.

That young boy at the bus stop, Tommy Brennan, couldn't help but notice the pearl white Denali cruising slowly down 7th Street. He stopped studying for his test and looked admiringly at the car with its fancy rims. He saw the sexy beautiful woman driving and his stomach dropped as he saw her staring right at him. His cock immediately lurched in his pants. At his age; his cock was a constant hardness as his young hormones worked overtime.

She drove past very slowly, looking out at him. His head followed her down the street. She had to be in her late thirties or early forties, Tommy figured. She looked drop dead gorgeous. She had brown hair that curled at her shoulders. Her mouth was sensual; her eyes were covered by sunglasses. The way she looked at him he figured that she was lost and had driven into the slums by mistake and was bemused by the whole situation.

He watched intently as the Denali turned onto Barnett Street but grinned at the lost woman as she back came down 7th street again. 

Mrs. Jackson was not paying attention to the road as she glanced at the map on her phone as she tried to find an alternate route to get back to Overland Park and her SUV slowly veered to the right and the front wheel struck the curb. A loud bang shook the SUV as it lurched down on the front corner as the unmistakable sound of a flat tire echoed throughout the street. 

Katie jumped in her seat as she quickly turned the steering wheel and pulled along the curb. She put it in park and got out and walked around the front. The chrome rim had a large dent and the tire was already as flat. "Fuck," she yelled loudly. She stomped her high heel on the concrete sidewalk.

The young boy watched the tight bodied older woman pull out her cell phone and paced back and forth on the sidewalk. Her head pointed down towards the ground as she talked. Tommy was in awe of the body of the older woman. Her fit legs looked longer from her short skirt and the high heels. He couldn't pull his eyes away from her tight body. He could see her perfect tits jutting out of her blouse. His cock throbbed in his pants and he had to reach down and adjust himself. If he could; he would run around the corner and jack off while he watched the sexy woman.

Katie felt nervous as she glanced around and frantically called her estranged husband Fred. She had no idea how to change a tire. She had no money to call a tow truck or a service to do it for her. She listened intently on her phone and after numerous rings; Janet's voice came across, "Mr. Jackson's office. How can I help you?"

"Hi Janet," Katie coughed not realizing how she would explain why she was in Kansas, "Is Fred in?"

"No. He's at a meeting and won't be back for a few hours," she spoke very softly.

Katie couldn't help but wonder if Fred had revealed to her what had happened in their relationship, "Thanks Janet," and quickly hung up before she could even ask anything further.

She folded her arms across her chest. This was karma she told herself. She rationalized that if she wasn't out looking for a gloryhole that this would never had happened. 

Katie felt the stare of the young boy sitting on the bench at the bus stop. She glanced over at him. He was young with a petite body. He had very boyish features but was very cute with his wavy blonde hair.

He smiled as he stared at the sexy older woman as she looked over at him. She was even sexier than he had first noticed. She was slender, with perfect hips and small firm tits that thrust out pertly in her blouse. Her clothes clung to her curves. 

Tommy appreciated a sexy woman. He felt his feelings were sinful but couldn't help himself. Being a young adolescent he had spent most of his time watching pornography and jerking off constantly. He was constantly hard and was obsessed with sex. He had his first girlfriend over the summer who had only jerked him off twice. She allowed him to play with her small nubs for tits and finger her pussy but when he asked for more; she responded by breaking up with him. 

He titled his head up as he watched the sexy older woman walk towards him. She smiled in a very friendly fashion, "Uhmmm excuse me?" she said as she bent down and waved at him.

Tommy stared up at the woman. Her smile was perfect with bright white teeth and perfect lips. 

Katie looked around, "Hi! I'm sorry to bother you but do you know how to change a tire?" She pushed her sunglasses up off her eyes and into her hair. She melted at the sight of the young boy's perfect blue eyes. 

"Yeah," he said as he stared up at the freckled face of the beautiful woman, "My dad showed me. He's a mechanic."

"Do you think you could help me out?" Katie asked as she nodded towards her SUV.

Tommy looked down at his watch, "Sure but I'm waiting for my school bus. It should be here soon," he glanced up and down 7th street.

"I.." squirmed Katie as she realized how young the boy was, "I could give you a ride to school if you miss it." 

"Okay ma'am," Tommy nodded and spoke softly not wanting to leave the beautiful woman stranded in the slums.

"What's your name?" she asked as he stood up from the bench.

"It's Tommy," he quietly answered as he picked up his book bag that was next to him.

"Hi Tommy," her voice quivered, "I'm Katie," as she extended her hand. He noticed the large wedding ring on her other hand. Tommy knew she had money judging by her SUV, clothes, and jewelry. He was immediately jealous of her husband.

He opened the rear hatch of her SUV and grabbed the tools. He knelt down on the pavement and began to lower the spare tire but it suddenly stopped moving. He reached under and tugged on the tire but it still didn't move, "It looks like it got hung up on something."

Katie shook her head, "I'm so glad you know what you are doing. I would have been lost."

Tommy smiled at the sexy older lady as he lay down on the pavement and slid underneath the car to look at the tire. Katie gasped when she noticed his crotch in his slacks and the lovely cock bulge. Her lips trembled at the thought of what she wanted to do to the young boy. She stared without blinking as her mouth salivated as she swore she saw it twitching and throbbing in the tight confines of his pants. 

The young boy slid out from under the car, "I think I got it." Katie eyes hadn't moved from his crotch and had begun to water.

He cranked the tire down from underneath, unhitched it and rolled it towards the front side. As he knelt on the ground he couldn't help but look over at her fit toned legs and her perfectly manicured toes in black high heeled shoes. "Must be rough," he thought to himself at the wealth the woman portrayed. He lived alone with his father. His mother had left when he was young for another man leaving him and his dad to struggle. Tommy jacked the car up, his eyes kept going back to the hard bodied woman. Her skirt barely came to thigh level and when she bent down to grab a lug nut that had rolled away; his breath was sucked away. He caught a glimpse her naked bare cunt as she turned and bent over. 

Tommy's jaw clenched as he felt his cock throb in his pants, "How could she have forgotten her underwear?" He figured she was in a hurry to get out the door or maybe she was going to seduce her rich husband.

"You're very handy," she said as she handed him the lug nut into his shaking hand. "How old are you if you don't mind me asking?" 

"How old do you think I am?" he asked back as he worked on putting the spare tire onto the hub.

"I don't know," the hot wife deadpanned, "16. Maybe 17."

He blushed, "I just turned 18 two days ago." He tightened the bolts as quickly as he could and sweating heavily. He simply couldn't stop looking at the hard bodied woman. His cock throbbed in his pants.

When Tommy thought the sexy lady wasn't looking he tossed another lug nut to the side of the curb. Katie however saw exactly what he had done. Demented thoughts entered her mind as the sexy wife smirked as she slowly turned and kept her skirt lifted as she bent over at the waist and stayed there momentarily as she knew the young boy stared at her naked pussy. It excited her to turn on such a young boy. She was old enough to be his mother she told herself repeatedly but instead of suppressing her hormones it increased them.

His sturdy young cock was hard as the tire iron he was using and thumping vigorously in his slacks. He figured he was going to have to go into the bathroom of the school and stroke himself off as soon as he got there.

Katie felt her pussy quiver and her mouth salivate, "Where do you go to school at Tommy?"
