 Katie's Oral Addiction

Katie fidgeted on the couch in her living room as she tried desperately to ignore The Biggest Loser as her children giggled every time Phil Dorman would come on the screen. She tried concentrating on other things but her mind ultimately found itself back in the SUV with Tommy or demented thoughts of Phil fucking her with his enormous thick cock. Her sex starved body glowed and her fuck hole seeped its juices until she was ready to scream. Her mouth salivated in need of being filled with a hard cock. Her taste buds exploded and wanted to be drowned with a mouthful of cum.

She quickly went upstairs away from the television, "What the hell is wrong with me?" the beautiful older woman whispered fiercely as she went up the steps. 

Katie lay down in bed and tried to play a game on her iPad. Memories of Fred skipped through her mind but then images of hard cocks poking at her from holes in the wall beckoning her to suck them overwhelmed her. The lovely woman was obsessed with sucking cock. She couldn't even fathom a time that she didn't want to have her mouth filled with a throbbing piece of meat.

She looked over Fred's empty side of the bed but suddenly felt guilty as she pictured Tommy instead with his hard young cock in his hand. She pictured herself between his spread legs as she placed only his head in her mouth as she stroked him until he flooded her mouth with cum. For a moment, Katie pretended that the young boy was poised between her spread thighs as she moved them further apart and raised at the knees. She moaned softly as a thick trickle of warm fluid oozed out of her puffing labia and smeared across the silky flesh of her thighs. Her fingers dug into her flesh as she closed her eyes. She swallowed the excessive saliva that had quickly built up in her steaming mouth.

"I'm such a slut," Katie angrily hissed at herself. Thoughts of Tommy reminded her of how she'd hurried home in the afternoon after she had fucked the young boy and bathed herself, trying to rid her body of his young potent semen. An allergic reaction prevented her from taking any of the morning-after pills that had become some popular. 

She prayed her heated body would forget the obscene needs that had tortured her ever since she'd dropped Tommy off near his bus stop. Every day was spent trying to stop the feelings and the thoughts that had kept her in a nervous, rattled mood but nothing helped. It had been a week since she sucked and fucked the young boy's virgin cock. She couldn't stop her naughty desires that permeated her lust filled mind. She constantly fought the feelings to drive across the river and back to 7th street to find the young boy.

"I'm here every morning," Tommy's words echoed in her head. She had tried in vain to block it out. She couldn't concentrate on anything; cleaning the house, dropping and picking the children up from school or paying the bills. The thoughts of sucking and fucking his young virgin cock consumed her. Her mouth salivated as she recalled the taste of his cum as he filled her eager mouth. She desperately needed his cock back in her throat. 

Mrs. Jackson continued to volunteer at the soup kitchen hoping that it would subdue her desires by taking her mind away from her sexual cravings. Unfortunately it only made it worse as she knew the dirty men were undressing her as she served them their lunch. An older filthy man stared at her with lust in his eyes. He would grin at her with his toothless smile as she knew his cock struggled to get free. There once was a time in her life that she would be furious that men, especially the dregs of society, would stare at her with lust. She couldn't help but arch her back or bend over in front of them to tease the poor homeless men. 

By the end of the week her body was wreaking havoc on her emotions. She tried to stop but she couldn't help her rampaging libido. Mrs. Jackson kept both hands on the steering wheel as she drove towards the bus stop. Her mind was in a cloudy haze as she entered the heart of Kansas City, Kansas. The folds of her pussy quivered as she got closer as she fought the feelings to start touching herself. Her mouth salivated as her taste buds anticipated the taste of her young lover.

Katie had her long brown hair pulled up into a bun on top of her head and wore a black sports bra with a gray tank top over the top. Tight black Nike jogging shorts hugged her ass with her ankle socks and white Nike shoes exposing her perfect toned legs. She had planned on running through the park after dropping the children off at school but dark storm clouds in the distance caused her to think twice. She told herself repeatedly to drive home but her body didn't listen to her.

She slowly drove around the corners of Kansas City, Kansas looking for the bus stop. She finally turned one corner and saw the young boy wearing his school outfit waiting patiently at the bus stop; "There you are!" she softly spoke to herself. Her mouth salivated and the folds of her pussy moistened.

Tommy Brennan sat at the bus stop and tried to study. He certainly wasn't in any mood to take a test as his prick rampaged about in his Khaki slacks. 

The young boy had always done well in school but he had been distracted lately for obvious reasons. His father, Cliff Brennan, knew something was wrong his son and figured it had to be a girl. He offered some advice that all women are sluts and will ultimately break his heart so he should treat them as such. Tommy's mother left Cliff when he was a baby for another man. His father had a host of girlfriends throughout the years but none lasted very long. Sometimes at night he would hear them having sex in the room next to his as his father called them an assortment of colorful metaphors as he pounded them into his bed. Tommy wanted to treat his girlfriends with respect and love but every day that the sexy older lady didn't return he began to believe his father.

He constantly thought about the older woman's mouth and her hot wet velvety pussy. The way she smelled and the way she touched him sent shivers down his spine. The sexy woman consumed his every thought. Every time he saw a white SUV driving on the streets he would do a double take to see if it was her. He knew that 7th and Barnett was the only place that she knew where to look for him and he wasn't going to miss a chance of seeing her again. He arrived early each morning and waited until the last second to get on the bus in case she pulled up. Every morning he grew more and more frustrated.

Studying for his ACT test wasn't easy with a constant hard-on. His hard prick hadn't subsided since he lost his virginity. His prick swelled as he recalled her begging for his cum in her mouth. He loved it when he slid his prick into the tight folds of her pussy. He swore she was a porn star because of the way she acted but he knew it wasn't an act. She really seemed to enjoy sex. Maybe she was one of those nymphomaniacs he had seen on Dr. Phil? Maybe she was just as his father described and was just a slut. Either way he couldn't stop thinking about her. 

Tommy prayed she wasn't seeing somebody else. He could help but think that maybe she was with her husband. Or maybe she found another boy at a bus stop down the street. A jealous rage erupted inside of him as he pulled his nose from his textbook and looked up and down the streets. He felt that they had a physical and emotional connection that couldn't be broken.

He reached into his book bag and pulled out his phone and looked at the time and stomped his foot in frustration, "Awwwwww man!" He tried not to get his hopes up but he knew he would only be disappointed. She had told him she had never done anything like that before and maybe that was true. He was probably just a thing she wanted to try and now that she had sex with him she wouldn't want to do it again. The thoughts almost made him want to cry as Tommy was love struck and obsessed with the older woman.

Suddenly his heart skipped a beat. A Denali cruised slowly down 7th Street and pulled over to the curb as his bus was only a block away. Tommy held his breath as it pulled up and his heart rumbled in his chest as he stared at the beautiful woman who smiled brilliantly at him.

Katie rolled down the passenger window, "Hi! Can I give you a ride? Or do you want to wait for your bus?" She smiled seductively displaying her perfect white teeth and lips.

Tommy glanced back and forth down the street and was suddenly enraged. Why, or all the days, did she have to come back today? He watched his bus grew closer as he stared at his study guide for the ACT. He knew he wouldn't be able to explain to his dad why he missed the most important test of his life. His father received a call from the administrators because he was late after the sexy woman allowed him to make love to her. He lied and told him he had missed his bus after helping a lady change her tire, which was partially true. He surely couldn't tell his dad what had happened with the older woman after he had helped her. He stood up and moved closer to the passenger door, "So you finally decided to come back huh?"

The sexy wife was taken aback about the boy's lack of enthusiasm. She was speechless for a moment. She couldn't believe he wasn't already climbing into her car and pawing at her hard body, "Come on!" She looked up into the dark cloudy sky, "It looks like it's going to rain."

"It's been a week!" pouted Tommy. "I've been here every day!" 

"I'm sorry. I was busy at home." Katie softly spoke, "I'm so sorry. Come on! Get in and take a ride with me."

Tommy hesitated but then grabbed his bag as the bus pulled up behind the SUV. "Fine! But only because you said sorry," as he briskly opened the passenger door and climbed in.

The sexy mother felt a tiny chill of excitement working in her belly. Her mouth salivated as she looked over at the boy and the smoldering sensation between her thighs got worse. She turned her head slightly and stared at Tommy's face as she felt he looked younger than before. He still looked innocent even after she had stolen his cherry. 

Tommy's eyes glowed over the beautiful woman. He gazed at her fit legs with short ankle socks and tennis shoes. Her breasts looked exquisite in her gray tank top and black sports bra. She obviously wasn't dressed up as much as last time but even without make up or designer clothes; he wanted to sink his cock into her again and feel her as she wrapped her body around his. His cock stirred and throbbed in his pants as he stared at her crotch in the tight black shorts.

"Didn't expect me to come back did you?" Katie smiled at him.

"Nope," he shook his head, "I prayed you would, though." The bus pulled around them and continued down the street.

Katie put the car in gear and pulled away from the curb. She was ashamed of the dirty thoughts that were tormenting her but she couldn't make herself stop. "Would you like to drive somewhere and," she paused as she looked at the young boy, "talk again?" She asked sweetly as her finger pointed from the steering wheel and down the street. The dirty bridge on North Saint James was a grim and desolate area but had taken on a romantic aspect in her demented mind. 

"I," the young boy hesitated and looked at his window as he pondered his future, "I can't today," Tommy whined as he pulled out his phone and glanced at the time, "I have my ACT at 9:00. I can't be late. It's really important. My dad would kill me if I missed it!" Tommy was torn. He didn't want his father to find out what he had done but couldn't wait to be with the beautiful woman again. His voice grew louder in the confines of the SUV, "You should have come back earlier! Why didn't you give me your number! You could have called or I could have called you!"

Regret filled her body as she should have listened to the voices inside of her and returned the next day or the day after. Mrs. Jackson understood the importance of school with her own rules on her children. She had studied hard herself to the point she neglected her sex life. But without studying she never would have gotten her Master's Degree from KU and rose to a manager in Bank of America. But her tormented soul reminded her that she now desperately wanted the young boy's cock inside of her. "I'm sorry Tommy but.."

"You are so beautiful," he interrupted as he stared at her hard body, "and you smell so good." His eyes glared at the scantily clad woman, "Can you come back? I can sneak out at 1:00! We could go back to the bridge! Or anywhere else you want to go!"

Katie sighed loudly as she pondered her future, "I can't Tommy. I have," as her mind thought about her two children that she needed to be at home for in the afternoon, "I have obligations." 

The young boys face grew red in frustration. He had waited a week for her to return and couldn't imagine the reaction from his father or the school if he skipped the ACT. He stomped his foot on the floor, "Can you at least give me a ride to school since I missed my bus?" He asked as he pointed down the street. 

"Of course! I think it's the least I could do!" smiled the sexy woman.

"Go straight and turn right at the next light," his voice sounded defeated. He pulled on his seatbelt, "Are you sure you can't come back? Please? Just wait for me in the parking lot. Please?"

"I would love to," Katie swallowed as her body momentarily thought about taking him under the bridge and fucking the boy despite his protests. Her body begged her to use the boy for her own sexual pleasure. "It just won't work out today! But at least I got to see you!" She smiled at him as she glanced at his crotch.

His youthful blue eyes hadn't left her sexy hard body since he got in, "I want more than just seeing you! I've been waiting for you every morning!"

"Have you?" Katie grinned, "I'm sorry but I've been busy at home." She knew it was a lie. She wasn't busy and in fact had fought the feelings every day to come back and see him. She had fantasized about the youngster since the moment she had dropped him off at the bus stop.

Tommy turned a bit in his chair, "Busy? With what? With your husband?"

Katie was aghast for a moment, "No!" The young boy's comments reminded the sexy wife that she was still married. Her face burned red from embarrassment as she glanced down at her wedding ring. The thoughts of her husband entered her mind as she vowed to never do again what she had done with Phil. But she couldn't help herself as she quickly explained, "I have children at home and other responsibilities!"

Tommy pressed the sexy older woman, "So you weren't seeing anybody else? Somebody else at a bus stop?" 

Katie giggled to herself at the high school jealousy of the young boy, "No Tommy," she glanced out the corner of her eye, "I wasn't seeing anybody else."

"Have you thought of me? I haven't stopped thinking about you," Tommy croaked.

The corner of Katie's mouth smirked, "Really?"

"Really!" Tommy boasted as his cock throbbed in his pants.

As they pulled up to the stop light Katie glanced at his crotch tent and knew it throbbed underneath it, "Have you touched yourself while thinking about me?"

"Everyday!" boasted Tommy, "A few times a day actually."

"Oooooohhhhh!" She gazed out the window, "While thinking of me?" Her body twitched as she fought the feelings of turning the SUV around and heading towards the river. 

"Yes! Constantly!" Tommy felt his cock swell in his slacks.

Katie grinned widely at his revelation. The thoughts of the young boy touching himself turned her on even more, "Just lying in bed? Did you cum all over yourself?" She imagined him in bed with his eyes closed as he jerked his cock. She used to watch her husband jerking off while watching their videos and it excited her to the point she was ready to orgasm. It was even more exciting at the thoughts of a young school boy doing it.

"Yeah! In the shower. Or the bathroom at school! I haven't stopped thinking about you!" Tommy reached out and placed his hand on her naked knee, "Have..have," he swallowed hard, "Have you touched yourself?" 

Katie turned and looked into his beautiful blue eyes, "Yes I have." She winked at him, "But it's not as good as the real thing!"

"While thinking about me?" Tommy asked shyly as his hands shook.

"Who else would I think about?" as she reached out and placed her hand on his trying to calm him. She loved his petty jealousy and could instantly tell how badly he wanted to be with her again. It excited her that she made such a young boy have such strong feelings for her.

The young boy jumped in his seat as Katie's hands squeezed his, "I wish I didn't have this stupid test!" Tommy shook his head in disbelief, "Why did it have to be today?"

"The ACT is important Tommy," Katie tried to console the young boy, "I remember taking it myself." 

"I'll skip! I'll skip the test!" Tommy demanded. His hand caressed her knee and slid up her naked thigh, "I need to make love to you again!"

"Oh no!" Katie protested, "No! This test is probably the most important test you will ever take." She suddenly sounded more like his mother than a lover of his young cock. But at the same time Katie felt the excitement flowing through her loins. Her mouth salivated at the eagerness of the youngster. Her hands shook and felt clammy about the possibility of allowing the young boy to use her body. 

"No! I want to skip. Please let me make love to you again," Tommy protested as he gripped her naked knee even tighter.

"Not today Tommy," Katie grimaced at the words he chose, "But I'll make it up to you I promise."

"You promise?" as the young boy's confidence grew as he slid his hand up Katie's torso until his hand was planted on her firm breast. He squeezed and massaged her mound of flesh as he felt her nipple turn hard and extended into the palm of his hand. His cock swelled in his pants as the beautiful woman drove him to school.

"Tommy!!" as the mother was astonished at the youngster's confidence. Katie's body quivered with excitement as she felt the young boy feeling her up as she drove down the streets. "I..I..I promise," blushed Mrs. Jackson as the young boy made it difficult for her to even speak. 

He pulled his hand off her breast and pointed towards the left, "Just pull into the teacher lot." A large parking lot was just south of a brick building. Katie pulled into a parking stall between two other cars and parked. There was suddenly an eerie silence in the Denali between the two of them. They silently watched as parents dropped their children off at the school and teachers parked in the lot.

Katie saw the hesitation on his young face. He didn't want to get out of the car and she didn't want him to go yet. He was just a boy and she was old enough to be his mother but it didn't stop her cravings for his cock. 

"I haven't been able to sleep or study since I saw you last," Tommy confessed as he looked out the window, "Have you been okay? Since," his face grew red, "Since I squirted inside of you." 

"I'm okay, Tommy," Katie softly spoke. She wasn't close to having her period. She didn't feel differently but it had only been a week. She turned toward him, allowing her legs to part a bit, giving him a better view of her perfect long, rounded thighs and thrusted her chest out. She heard a voice in her mind arguing against what she was doing, but she refused to listen and brushed it aside. "I like that you are worried about me," Katie said. Her heart hammered inside of her chest. She felt dizzy and lightheaded. Her lips quivered at the thoughts that were tormenting her. She reached out and pulled his hand back to her hard breast.

Tommy jumped in his seat as he kneaded her perfect mouth of flesh. He kept watchful glances out the window as his fingers pinched and pulled at the fabric covering her apple sized bosom.
