 Katie Jackson and Phil Dorman arrived in Los Angeles on Friday afternoon for the Monday evening premiere episode of 'Dancing with the Stars'. The flight had been uncomfortable for Katie. For some reason, Phil had barely spoken to her. Ever since their departure, the old man seemed strangely distant, constantly lost in thought. When she had confronted him, he had mumbled something about a fear of flying. The sexy wife had immediately tried to console him but he had just shrugged her off. The only time he had acknowledged her was when the cute flight attendant had mentioned his new shirt at which point he had nodded towards Katie, saying she had bought it for him. He had emphasized the word 'bought' while smirking at her and the beautiful mother's face had turned red at the memory of how exactly she had 'paid' for the old man's clothes.

The cab ride had been equally awkward. Katie had fully expected Phil to fondle her in the backseat or maybe even barter her services for a reduced fare but the fat geezer had just stared out of the window, showing no interest in her. They had been in Los Angeles for two days now and so far, the old man had been practically non-existent. Their rooms were next to each other yet he never spoke to her. Occasionally, she would see him hobbling through the hotel lobby. Katie had been absolutely sure that she and her well-endowed old lover would be spending most of their time in the bedroom, fucking in every way possible. Though she knew that she should feel relieved by Phil's apparent lack of interest in her, the married beauty couldn't hide her disappointment. Several times during the last two days, she had gone over to the old man's room and knocked on the door but he had never opened. 

It was with a growing feeling of sexual frustration that the hot wife finished her Sunday afternoon practice with her partner Mark Ballas. Though he was about 15 years younger than her, she couldn't help but be attracted to the handsome dance coach. He had a nice smile, a toned physique and walked with the grace of someone who knew how to move his body. His touch was gentle yet firm and although he was helpful and friendly, he always maintained his professionalism.

As the practice came to an end, Katie mopped her brow, grabbing a water bottle as she set it to her perfect lips.

"I think we are ready," Ballas said, smiling as he dried his face with a towel. 

"I think so too," the sexy mother replied as she shot a quick glance at the young man's tight buttocks as he walked by her and made his way to the exit. 

Sighing loudly, she quickly discarded the naughty fantasies going through her mind as she picked up her towel and headed for the changing room. 

Half an hour later, the sexy wife walked out onto Hollywood Boulevard. It was a beautiful day and Katie noticed the stares of the passersby as she strutted along in her high heeled sandals. She wasn't sure if they actually recognized her from one of the many ads for the show or were simply admiring her beauty. 

Pausing in front of a shop window, the hot mother took in the sight of her own reflection. Turning slightly, she admired the way her tight fitting denim hot pants hugged her luscious ass cheeks. The white tank top she was wearing along with her Ray Ban sunglasses made her look like some sort of film star. Katie smiled as she reminded herself that she was in fact a celebrity, set to star on one of the nation's most popular TV shows tomorrow night.

Adding just a little bit of extra sway to her hips, the hot wife continued her stroll in the afternoon sun. Just about every man she walked by seemed to be undressing her with his eyes and she couldn't help but imagine all their cocks hardening at the sight of her spectacular body. It almost seemed as though she was oozing some sort of sexual magnetism. All she knew was that she felt incredibly horny and dancing with the handsome young man had only added to her arousal. 

As much as she tried to concentrate on her upcoming performance, Katie found it hard to focus. She had not been able to get off during her afternoon romp in the kitchen with Fred and, not having had any kind of sex since, her lustful urges seemed to be reaching boiling point. Phil's indifference towards her had only made matters worse. Again she wondered why the old man wasn't making any moves on her even though his room was next door to hers. 

Having arrived in front of her hotel, Katie pulled her cell phone from her bag and quickly texted Fred a message, letting him know that practice had gone fine and that she would talk to him on Skype later on. The married mother took a deep breath as her delicate fingers typed the words 'I love you'. Once again, she felt a sense of guilt sweep over her as she made her way up the steps of the main entrance, feeling her tight shorts rub against her crotch. If Phil was going to show her any attention perhaps she should have begged Fred to come out to L.A. with her.

Mr. Jackson sat at his office desk and gave a faint smile as he read his wife's message. He quickly put down his cell phone and began nervously rummaging through some files in search of a specific report. It had been a busy week at work for the loving husband and father. He had a board meeting scheduled in thirty minutes and due to his increased obligations at home during Katie's absence; he had had little time to prepare his documents. Though he felt proud that his beautiful wife was about to appear on national TV tomorrow night and wished her to do well, he couldn't help but have mixed feelings. There was no doubt that since Katie's rise to stardom, their love life had taken a turn for the worse. Their encounter in the kitchen last week had marked the end of an involuntary period of sexual abstinence that had been going on for several months.

The sound of an incoming Skype call made Fred look up at his monitor as Katie's icon popped up at the bottom of the screen. Slightly puzzled, he pressed a key before reaching for a pack of files on the cabinet.

"Hi sweetie! " he said without looking up, "How was practice?"

A deep cough resonated from the speakers. Looking up again, Fred froze as suddenly the ugly face of Phil Dorman appeared on the screen. 

"Phil?" he cried in astonishment "What are yo.." 

"Hi Fred!" the fat man exclaimed joyfully as he interrupted him and waved his hand in front of the computer, "I thought I'd call you to give you some good news! Katie said I could use her Skype account."

"OK," the loving husband said doubtfully, cringing slightly at the agonizing sight of his ex-neighbor and temporary houseguest. The obese man was sitting on the hotel bed with a towel wrapped around his midsection but otherwise naked. Thick lappets of fat hung off his obese torso. 

"Is she there?" Fred inquired, narrowing his brows.

"No," the old man coughed, "My room is being cleaned. She should be back soon."

"What's the good news Phil?" Fred asked, clearing his voice as he started sorting his files again, "I have a board meeting soon." 

Phil grinned widely, "I just wanted you to know that I was selected to be on the show 'The Biggest Loser'!" 

"Seriously?" Fred asked in surprise. 

"Yup. Looks like your wife won't be the only TV star in the neighborhood!" The ugly man laughed, "I start next week so I won't be returning. I'll have to make arrangements to collect my belongings."

"That's really great Phil!" Fred smiled, genuinely relieved that they would not have to put up with the old man any longer. He could barely hide his amusement at the thought of the old man embarrassing himself by trying to lose weight in front of a nation-wide audience. "Tell Katie to Skype me later,"

"Wait Fred!" frantic to not have Katie's husband end the conversation. "There's more good news," the old man continued, "Remember how you told me to get myself a girlfriend. Well, I finally got lucky."

"You did?" Mr. Jackson asked nonchalantly as he shuffled through his papers.

"Oh yeah! I found myself a real hottie. She's perfect. And she'd do anything for me, if you know what I mean!" The fat man suddenly turned his head as if he had heard something in the background. 

"Hold on! I think we have lag," he cried as he leaned forward and pressed a few buttons on the keyboard. The screen went blank, "Can you still see me?" 

"Yes Phil," Fred replied as he glanced up from his desk, "I really need to get going. Tell Katie that I'll call her later."

"No wait! Wait! Hold on!" the old man barked. He pressed a few more buttons, "I want you to show you my beautiful girlfriend. She'll be here any minute!" He waited a few seconds as the sound was muted and the screen was blank. He reset the screen as Fred's face appeared again, his lips were moving but no sound could be heard.

"Fred? Hello?" Phil asked while he smirked at the unmistakable sound of a card sliding into the key slot, "Ah, here comes my little slut!" he whispered as he leaned into the camera, "Enjoy the show Fred!"

Phil leaned forward and muted the laptop, quickly putting the screen to sleep. He knew that he was taking a risk but he felt sure that curiosity would make his ex-neighbor hang around long enough in order to watch the spectacle that he had planned.

Katie was startled as she opened the door and caught sight of the obese man. 

"Phil?!?" she exclaimed and glanced into her bathroom as she noticed large puddles of water on the floor, "What are you..."

"My shower was clogged and the maid let me into your room," Dorman interrupted, clearing his voice, "after all, I'm your manager."

Katie gave a faint smile as she slowly shook her head in disbelief. Her beautiful eyes traveled over the fat man's hideous body and came to rest on his towel-covered crotch. The large bulge of his cock was clearly visible through the cloth.

The ugly geezer slowly walked over and grabbed Katie's hand as he stared into her lust-filled eyes. "There is something important I need to tell you!" Taking a quick glance at the small camera on the laptop, he led the sexy mother to the bed and made her sit down on the edge. The old man's heart was racing as he positioned himself next to her, making sure that they were seated in the right angle.

"Are you okay?" Katie asked, leaning closer.

In his office, half way across the country, Fred looked at the screen of his computer, shaking his head at the dramatics of his old neighbor. He had no idea he meant with his last few remarks. "Hi sweetie!" he spoke to acknowledge his beautiful wife who sat in front of the computer. With no response from either and time was short, "Phil!" he said crossly, "What is this all about? I don't have time for this."

Again, neither Katie nor Phil responded as he watched the old man on the screen smile at his beautiful wife. His crooked, yellow-stained teeth contrasted against his fat, reddened face.

"Well, Freckles. You probably noticed that I've been quite busy the last few weeks," Dorman said softly, "Remember me leaving the house in the morning? You always thought I was visiting Sheila, right?"

"Y...yes," Katie said, biting her lips as she remembered the embarrassment of actually feeling jealous. 

"Well," Phil straightened his fat body, "I was interviewing for 'The Biggest Loser!"

"The TV show?" the sexy wife asked, raising her eyebrows.

"Exactly!" the ugly man nodded and grinned wider, "I was selected as a candidate!"

"Phil!" Katie beamed, showing her perfect smile "That's incredible. I'm so proud of you!"

"Of course this means I'll be staying here in LA," the old man said thoughtfully, watching the hot mother's reaction. "But I suppose you're happy, aren't you?" he continued, "After all, you'll get your house back. More time for you and Fred to mess around."

Katie looked at him in astonishment, her mouth half open.

Having already felt uncomfortable to begin with, Fred felt this conversation had gone far enough. Certainly their love life was none of the old man's business. 

"It's okay Phil. It will be for the best to get you back on your feet," he said sternly, speaking towards the screen. 

Neither his wife nor the old man even looked at him. "Hello? Phil? Katie?" he called, as he slightly tapped his microphone.

There was no movement in the hotel room as the old man and the sexy wife continued to stare at each other. 

"Well, at least Fred will be happy," Phil growled. "He told me before we left that it was time to find my own place."

"He did?" Katie asked quietly.

"He said it would give you guys more space to fuck," the old man's fat face reddened even more as his mind filled with rage, "He said I was just a third wheel and taking up space."

"Phil!" Fred angrily cried into the microphone, "I never said it like that!"

The fat old man moved his large body on the bed, "He also told me you guys just got done fucking before I came home the other day!" 

"What?" Katie's mouth hung open as she stood up from the bed.

"Phil! Stop it!" Fred shouted into the mic. Once again, there was no sign of reaction as neither of them took any notice of him.

"He told you?" Katie stared at her neighbor's fat face as it continued to grow red with anger.

"Why did you break our deal, Freckles?" Phil snarled, staring at the hard bodied wife as he watched her shiver.

The sexy beauty bit her lips as she stared out of the window. 

"Why?" he repeated, an unmistakable undertone of menace in his voice. 

"He's my husband, Phil," Katie said quietly as she folded her arms across her chest.

The fat man stood up from the bed, clearing his throat. "Well, you've made your decision. I guess I'd better go."

"Wait!" Katie said, blocking his way. Her perfect, denim-covered ass faced the screen.

Back in his office, her husband watched his gorgeous wife as she faced the old man and gently placed her hands on his naked chest. Covered only with a towel, Phil looked even more ridiculous than usual as Katie towered several inches over him in her high heeled sandals. Fred had no idea what they were talking about. As far as he was concerned, none of this made any sense whatsoever. 

Dorman tried to walk around Katie but the beautiful woman kept moving to block his way. 

"I'm sorry! Please don't go!" she said softly.

"What was that? Phil growled.

Katie's dainty fingers rubbed his flabby chest. "I'm sorry!" she repeated, pouting slightly.

"Sorry for what?" Phil's pudgy face moved closer to the freckled face of the sexy wife.

"For breaking the deal," she whispered, "I shouldn't have!"

"Hel-lo!?!" Fred cried, though he was pretty sure by now that they could not hear him, "What deal? What the hell are you talking about?" 

"I should just go back to my room," Dorman said slowly, "You should Skype your husband. I'm sure he's waiting for you."

"Well," the horny wife said, smiling suggestively as her finger brushed his hairy nipple, "He's not here now and I can make it up to you!"

"Make it up to me?" Phil asked, raising an eyebrow as he cast a quick look at the laptop, "What did you have in mind?"

Instead of an answer, the beautiful wife leaned down and placed her perfect lips on the fat man's crooked mouth.

Her arms wrapped around his neck as she rubbed her sexy body against his. They both opened their mouths widely as their wet tongues started to entwine.

Fred nearly choked as he stared at the screen. This had to be some kind of sick joke. He remembered them all watching the television show 'What would you do?' recently. Surely this was some sort of prank. 

"Okay, very funny, guys!" he spoke into the microphone, his voice shaking slightly. "I get it. Enough is enough! Guys? Hello?!"

Neither Katie or Phil acknowledged him as none of them broke the kiss, their faces seemed to be glued to each other. The married beauty grabbed the fat man's face with both hands as she buried her tongue deep inside his mouth while his pudgy hands started roughly groping her perfect ass. Far more shocking though was the fact, that, rather than being appalled or reluctant, Fred could clearly hear his wife starting to utter soft moans. In a state of panic, he grabbed the phone and started to dial Katie's number. 

He paused as he watched the old man suddenly withdraw, "I thought you wanted to stop doing this? I thought you said we were done! Remember?"

The sexy hard bodied wife stared into the eyes of her obese lover. "Well," she explained, "I'm horny now!"

Dorman grinned, "Beg me for it, Freckles! Beg for it like you want it!" Phil commanded sternly.

"Would you fuck me?" the horny wife panted as she bent down and licked his flabby nipple with her tongue, "Please? Please, Daddy?"

"What. The. Fuck!" Fred cried as he gritted his teeth. He had no idea what his disgusting houseguest had done to his wife. He wondered if the old devil had administered her some kind of drug.

"You need to be punished first!" he heard the fat man say as he watched him back up and sit down on the edge of the bed and face the laptop, "Don't you think so? After all you disobeyed me." Phil shot a glance at the open laptop and winked. He only hoped Fred was still watching.

His hands grabbed the hot wife's hips as he pulled her towards the bed, making her stand in front of him. 

"Oh, Freckles, we had such a nice arrangement," Phil said as he slowly shook his head. "I really hope that breaking it was worth it." His fat fingers traced Katie's denim-covered crotch. "Tell me, was it good? Did he get you off?" he asked as he looked up into her hazel eyes.

"Let's just forget about it," Katie moaned as she stood in front of the obese man as she felt his fingers stroke her pussy through her tight pants.

"Tell me, slut! Did he make you cum?" Dorman demanded.

The sexy mother didn't want to answer but she knew it was pointless.

"No," she winced getting more and more turned on by her ex-neighbor's manipulations, "No he didn't!"

"I see," Phil smiled as his puffy eyes lit up.

"But I know you can make me cum! Please, Daddy?" Katie panted as her hips bucked against the fat man's hand, "I'm so horny!" The beautiful wife body was on fire. She couldn't wait for her lover to whip out his massive cock and fuck her senseless. 

"First things first," Phil laughed, "You need to be put in your place like the disobedient slut you are. Pull down your pants!"

The hot mother instantly obliged, unbuttoning her pants as she hastily wiggled them down her toned legs along with her thong.

Fred held his breath as his wife's naked twin globes came into view.

Before she had a chance to step out of her hot pants, Dorman reached up and pulled Katie down across his lap. "Ohhhhh yes, Daddy!" she giggled excitedly, "I need to be punished!" She wiggled her body until her pelvis was directly on top of his towel covered thighs. Her perfect naked ass stuck up towards the fat old neighbor. Phil could clearly see the sexy wife's glistening bald pussy lips.

The old man raised his hand and stared at the camera, "You're just a whore, Freckles!" He grinned as he brought his big hand down harshly on the hot wife's ass. 

"Ouch!" Katie yelped. 

A series of loud slaps echoed around the room as Phil harshly spanked the submissive beauty over and over again, "Whore!" he repeated with every slap. 

Katie gasped and moaned as she shoved her ass up towards the fat man. She had grown accustomed to this kind of treatment. Rough and with no regard for her feelings. Her mouth was slightly open as she licked her lips. The sexy wife could feel her nipples hardening as they rubbed against her bra. 

"You are a whore! Say it!" Phil barked.

"Owwwww!" groaned Katie as the spanking became more intense.

Fred stared at the screen in horror, his fingers still clutching the phone, "Jesus Christ! Enough is enough!" His hands shook and he needed several attempts before he finally managed to dial Katie's number. He watched as Phil stopped spanking his wife as both of them glanced at her vibrating cell phone that lay on the edge of the bed.
