 She slept in his arms, blissfully unaware of the world outside the room. He was big and strong, protective; she felt safe and let herself open up to him. His hands travel over her body; he woke when she rolled over, not yet used to sharing his bed with a woman. She sighed, pressing her naked body against his, softly waking. She felt light fingers travel across the undersides of her breast, following the curve that lay there. Warm air flowed across her skin, a kiss pressed to her sweet spot.

"Isabelle," he sighed, his voice filled with passion and need.

Hands grow more demanding; he pulls her light frame closer to his, kisses turn to nibbles, and then to bites on her shoulders. She wakes more now, her body responds, her nipples harden, and her breath deepens as she wakes. There is a wetness growing between her thighs, she can feel the tip of his cock moving slightly and she shivers with lust.

His hands move lower, he wants her, wants to make the most of their short time together. Her back arches against him, his fingers dance around the inside of her thighs, nails gently scraping, and adrenaline enhancing the shivers running though her body.

"Andrew," she whimpers against him, "Andrew..."

Her voice is husky, he growls in her ear, his fingers seek out her clit; there is no softness any more. She needs what he is giving to her, her legs are spread, she whimpers, desperate, begging, aching for him to stop teasing her. His hand cups her, feeling her warmth letting her know that he is there, but waiting till she cannot wait any more.

She cries out when he finally touches her, taking her clit between his fingers and pinching it. There is no pain, only pleasure and she is begging him for more, moaning his name like a whore. He is not soft and gentle, he is demanding, awaking a hunger inside her.

Fingers slip inside her aching pussy, curling; the air rushes from her lungs in a soundless scream. His lips find hers, her hands hold him close. His fingers move inside her, stroking, caressing. Another finger brushes against her arsehole, gently asking permission. She would give him everything, and she pushes back on his finger wantonly. His finger slips inside her arse, filling her with new sensations.

She moves as to encourage him to fill her with his cock, but he shakes his head, "Lay back and enjoy this baby."

And she does, his fingers move in and out of her holes, lips pressing against her cheek, her ear, her neck, across the top of her cleavage. His tongue traces the swell of her breast, ever inwards, until he finds her nipple. His tongue flicks across it and she gasps, his fingers thrust harder and his name leaves her lips, over and over.

"Please baby..."

"What do you want?"

"Your cock inside me"

"Where inside you?"

"In my pussy, please..."

He grins, loving the sound of her voice as she asks him.

"Soon baby, but not yet."

A cry of frustration escapes her, and he silences her with a kiss. His fingers are still moving, still stroking, she is soaked, and her scent lingers on the air. Her hands mover over his body, hands stroking his chest, his arms, movements punctuated with gasps every time he moves his fingers. She reaches for his cock, but he gently takes her hand and places it above her head.

"This isn't about me right now."

He kisses her, enjoying how she squirms, how she moans as he touches her. Her back is arched up wards, her body on display in the moonlight. His thumb brushes her clit and she cries out softly, he does it again, and his name is called.

"Cum for me, Isabelle."

And she does, his hand is cover in her slickness, his cock rubs against her thigh, a trail of wetness marks its path. She thrusts against his hand, pressing his head to her chest, his lips finding her nipple and sucking, biting, kissing.

"Please baby, please..."

"Please what?"

"Please, I need you, I want you inside me. Andrew..."

Her plea trails on a moan, and he growls at her, begging him so softly. He slowly removes his fingers, drawing them up her body, covering her. His fingers rub against her nipples, and then upwards to her waiting lips. He covers her body with his own, his cock resting against her pussy, awaiting entrance. He withdraws, kneels back, wrapping her slender thighs around his waist. And gently, ever slowly, enters her.

He watches her pussy eat his cock, watches her strain, begging for him to go faster, trying to push her body into his. She moans his name as his cock fills her deliciously. She is left gasping, he is big and she loves it. Sheer lust passes through her, her back arches unexpectedly and it is his turn to gasp at the sudden movement.

His hands wrap around her shoulders, her world is filled with his form, his scent, his cock inside her. His hips thrust slowly; she meows in pleasure, gasping in time as his cock slides in and out. Her hands travel over his broad shoulders, down his back, cupping his arse, trying to get him to go faster, deeper, harder.

"Please baby... I need you so badly."

He indulges her, enjoying the feeling of her legs wrapped around him, her nails digging into his arse. He moves faster, his breath changing with hers; the sounds of sex fill the room, the soft creaking of the bed, the slap of his skin against hers, light panting coming from her, male grunts from him. 

His balls slap against her arse, her pussy is delightfully tight about his cock, she calls out his name, and he calls out hers in return. The feeling overcomes her, she is surrounded by him, she cries out, holding his body to her. She shakes, shuddering in pleasure, and in sudden ecstasy, he lets go, and cums with her.

It is over quickly, sweat drips from him to her, his lips find hers and it is violently passionate. He makes to move off her, but he is stopped, "Please don't move". She enjoys the way their hearts slow their beating, enjoys the way his kisses never stop. Slowly her shudders calm down, her breathing returns to normal; he presses a kiss to her forehead.

Finally, long minutes stretch by and they slip back into sleep. Almost without thought they curl up together, and the clock ticks over to 5.00 am...