 I was literally up a tree when things started to go a little odd. Normally I'd have been at the football but I'd twisted my ankle during the week and the doctor ruled me unfit to play. I could have gone along and watched the match anyway but decided not to bother as the result was a foregone conclusion. We were going to be creamed so badly that we'd probably fall right off the ladder rather than moving down a rung. Of course it would have been different if I was playing. That's because I would be getting some exercise while we were creamed. I'm not known as the best player in the competition, or even in our team.

One talent I do have is horticulture. Even the weeds in my garden are bigger and healthier than anyone else's weeds. I was taking advantage of the free afternoon to do some careful pruning which brings me back to being up a tree.

My parents were away for the afternoon which was a decided plus. I didn't have to worry about my mother coming out and asking me to be careful and I didn't have to persuade my father that no, I'd be better off without his deadly help. Would you believe he once pulled up a hundred newly sewn seedlings think they were weeds?

I will admit that my little brother was at home but I didn't have to worry about him wanting to help me. That would have involved doing some work and work was a four letter word.

How to describe my brother? Eighteen physically and intellectually, while still around thirteen emotionally. People mature at different rates, girls generally faster than boys. Mike was just a little slow to mature. I had no doubt that he'd grow up to be a fine young man, but he was running an extreme risk of fratricide at times.

So that was the situation when Sharon rolled up, me up a tree, parents elsewhere, and Mike lolling around inside doing nothing.

Sharon is Mike's girlfriend. According to him they spend all their time together rolling around naked on a bed. I took this with a pinch of salt as Sharon lived with her parents, even though she's eighteen, and as far as I knew they were always around, preventing any bedroom antics. I was willing to wager that Mike was still a virgin. Not so sure about Sharon. I was also willing to wager that Mike has been doing his best to talk her into bed.

Now it was typical for Sharon to wander around to the back door, bang on it, and go straight inside. That's what she started to do today. The difference was that just as she turned the corner into the backyard she stopped, looked around, didn't see me, and reached up her skirt and shimmied out of her panties, sticking them in her purse.

My immediate thought was good luck Mike, it seems that your luck is really in today. My second thought was that Mike was my younger brother and I should look after him. Maybe I should go inside and make sure that he was OK. The thought was father to the deed and I slipped out of the tree and headed towards the house.

I was wondering what Mike would do. Would he try to get me out of the house, try to persuade Sharon to go elsewhere with him, or just ignore me and drag her off to the nearest bed? He did seem to think that a bed was required. 

I walked into the house and headed towards the front room, which was where Sharon would find Mike. I was willing to lay odds that when she'd called out all he did was yell back instead of getting off his blot and going to meet her.

I approached the front room rather cautiously, not wanting them to spot me before I'd sized up the situation. When I was in a position to see in I could see that Mike was still comfortably lolling back on the couch. Like I said, emotionally immature. Didn't the idiot know that if your girl comes around and you've got the house to yourself you should at least be kissing her as soon as she was within arms-reach?

I couldn't hear what they were saying but I did hear Sharon giggle and flip the front of her dress up, promptly letting is subside back down again. I guess Mike must have seen what she wanted him to see as the result was little short of electrifying. Mike seemed to spasm and then he jump to his feet and bolted, nearly running through me in his haste. 

My instant reaction was to think, 'You fucking moron.' I mean, if there's an entry in Wikipedia for the world's biggest idiot then it was about to be updated with Mike's picture. My next reaction was to think of how Sharon must be feeling and I walked into the front room to make sure she was all right.

"Sharon," I said cheerfully as I strolled in. "How's it going?"

Very badly if the look on her face was any indication. She looked as though she was yay close to bursting into tears.

"Oh, Paul. I didn't know you were home," she muttered.

"I often am," I told her. "I sort of live here you know."

"I meant that I thought you'd be off playing football," she said, a touch of frost in her voice.

"And normally you'd be right," I said agreeably, "but I've got a slightly broken leg and I can't play until it's better."

She looked quite startled, not having heard about my grievous injury.

"What happened? Shouldn't you at least be on crutches? You can't just go walking about if your leg's broken."

"Yes, well it's more my ankle than my leg," I admitted but the look on her face said that this was not an improvement in my situation. 

"Maybe not quite a break. More of a sprain, really."

"So you have a sprained ankle, not a broken leg?"

"Well, sort of. Maybe you could call it a twisted ankle and the doc didn't want me doing anything strenuous for a day or so."

"Oh. When did that happen?"

"A couple of days ago, but the doc felt the team could afford to do without my talents so I'd have a chance to mend properly."

"From what I've heard your absence will probably improve the team," she muttered. I don't think I was supposed to hear that comment.

"Cruel," I mourned. "Possibly accurate, but cruel."

I had the pleasure of seeing her blush slightly.

"Since I wasn't playing I decided to stay home and catch up on some gardening. I saw you going in the back door and thought it only polite to come in and say hullo. Oh, and also to make sure Mike didn't try to push things too far, what with you not wearing any panties and all."

Oh my. Colour my face red. She now had a delightful blush going. 

"Wh-what? I don't know what you mean."

"Mm?" I lifted the front of her dress and my other hand drifted across her mons, brushing through the few curls she had there. "I meant this, of course," I said softly, stepping back and letting her dress settle back into position. "I wasn't sure how Mike would react when he found out and I didn't want you to find yourself being forced into more than you wanted. Unless it was me doing the forcing." Maybe I shouldn't have added that last comment but the temptation was irresistible.

"How'd you know?" she demanded, now adding indignation to her embarrassment.

"I was outside, gardening," I reminded her. "When a pretty young lady stops in front of me and whips off her panties, believe me, I notice."

"What!" It was an exclamation, not a question, but I treated it like one anyway.

"Yeah, I was right there and watching and you didn't even notice me. Very humbling, it was. I'd never realised how insignificant I truly was."

"You're lying. I looked around. You weren't there."

"Um, perhaps if you'd looked up in the trees? I was doing some pruning. I thought it was my duty as big brother to come in and defend your virtue. Or Mike's, as the case may be."

She didn't say anything but I did get a very telling look. She was not happy with the situation.

"I must say that I was very surprised to almost be run over by Mike retreating at a rate of knots. I had no idea he was so keen of preserving his virginity. Let me show you what should have happened. Hold this for a moment."

I went down on one knee and lifted her dress, expecting her to take hold of it. She wasn't going to be in it and the dress just naturally dropped down again. Fortunately my head was already in place and the dress just settled over me. My hand settled on her bottom, pulling her towards me, while my mouth was pressing against her lips, my tongue already busy.

Sharon was making some funny sounds and clutching at my head. Or possibly trying to push it away, I'm not sure which and didn't really care. I just kept busy with a little judicious suction and a tongue that was able to get into the most interesting places. Perhaps places that were a little too interesting, I suspected, when I heard her give a horrified shriek, albeit a shriek that she tried to muffle. 

"Stop," she yowled straight after the shriek and, being a responsible sort of person, I stopped, lifting my head to look up at her. (After I pulled it loose from her dress, that is.)

"Um, problem?" I asked.

I wasn't quite sure what she wanted to say as she seemed to be spluttering and restarting any sentence that she attempted. 

"Um, am I to understand that you don't think I should be doing that?" I asked and she frantically nodded her head.

"Oh, you do want me to keep going," I said in a relieved voice. "The way you reacted just because I brushed your clitoris made me wonder."

I was already lifting her dress again when she managed to stop me.

"No. Wait," she said, speaking very quickly.

I politely waited and she took a deep breath.

"You shouldn't be touching me like that," she said in a prim little voice. 

I rose to my feet, my hand still on her bottom, letting my free hand come up under her dress and start massaging. She was already hot and wet and I could feel her twisting about slightly under my touch. Not really trying to pull away but not sure how she was supposed to react.

She took a deep breath and held it for a moment, trying to get herself under some sort of control. I waited until she about to speak and headed of any carefully considered and rational arguments she might want to use.

"Before you say anything," I said, pressing a finger lightly against her lips, "there's something I want you to consider."

While I was talking my other hand was undoing my trousers, bringing my erection out into the freedom of the day. I took her hand and pressed it against me, happy to find her hand closing around me.

"That's my argument and I consider it superior to anything you might want to say," I said with a smile while she looked all flustered again.

When she didn't seem to have any argument to make I lightly slapped her leg.

"Lift it," I told her and my hand caught hold of it as she did so, helping to move it higher and wrap it around my waist. I resumed rubbing her mound, feeling her hand moving tentatively along my cock, getting acquainted with it.

After a few moments of this I decided that her lips were just a poke away from my cock. I extracted said cock from her grasp, pointed, and poked. It wasn't a hard poke. More like a gentle rap on a door, asking if you can come in. When she didn't say no I poked a little harder.

As far as I was concerned if she was going to say no then she was taking her own sweet time about it. She was looking directly at me as my cock surged triumphantly forth, her eyes seeming to get bigger and bigger the deeper I went. She may or may not have been a virgin. What she certainly was, was inexperienced. She didn't seem to know what to make of my sudden intrusion but she wasn't going to do anything to interfere.

I slid fully home and for a moment we just stood there, face to face with me balls deep inside her, my hands clutching her bottom.

"Lift your leg," I suggested, patting her bottom next to the leg I meant. Not that she had much doubt. Her arms tightened around me and my hands tightened on her bottom as her other leg lifted and wrapped around me, my cock sinking that tiny bit deeper. 

I stood there, breathing deeply, and admitted I'd made an error.

"It seems that my ankle isn't quite as strong as I thought," I confessed. "I'm going to have to lie down."

I turned to the couch and settled down upon it, Sharon under me, laying her on her back and coming down firmly against her, pressing her hard against the couch. 

"That's better," I murmured. "A lot easier to move like this."

I transferred my hands to her breasts and started rubbing them while I slowly started a rocking motion, my cock sliding back and forth. Sharon just lay there for a few moments, adjusting to what was happening, then she started moving with me. She moved slowly at first, tentative and not quite sure. As she got the feel of it, the sensations raised by my cock rasping against her passage, the teasing of my hands against her breasts, the feel of my mouth wandering over her face, her excitement started building. Her pace picked up. She was breathing harder, a look of eagerness on her face, enjoying what was happening and wanting more.

I can assure you I did my damnedest to give her more. I very soon had a nice rhythm going, riding her hard and enjoying her enthusiastic response. My biggest regret was that I hadn't taken the time to strip her before becoming more closely engaged. (I sort of thought that stripping her naked would have been a little too much, too soon. Next time.)

Initially she'd been silent as we moved, the only sound the slap of our flesh and I don't think she even noticed that. After a couple of minutes she started making approving sound, oh, and wow, and yes, being offered with fervent approval. She started getting louder but was also becoming a bit incoherent, just the general sounds of eager appreciation coming through.

Eventually I found a bit of tightness in her voice, a certain realisation that something was coming. I took that as my cue and started moving faster, driving in hard and receiving ready endorsement for my actions.

At the end there I was holding back by an effort of will, an effort I was only too happy to relinquish when I found she was starting to climax. I let her have that final bit of my lust, driving hard against her to give her my all.

We lay on the couch for a few moments afterwards and then she suddenly bounced to her feet. She gave me a horrified look, excused herself, and ran into the bathroom, coming out ten minutes later all neat and tidy. I was willing to bet she even had her panties back on.

"That was," she said, and stopped. "I didn't," she said, trying again. "I mean, you shouldn't have. . ." Her voice ground to a halt again.

"Sharon, I'll take all that as said. If you think I regret what happened you're crazy. I thought you were wonderful. The best thing that's happened to me since forever."

"But, but, I'm Mike's girlfriend. How could you?"

"No, you're not. He's too immature to have a proper girlfriend. He demonstrated that earlier. You are a lovely young woman and too good for him. Too good for me, too, in all honesty, but I don't care. I loved how you feel and how you look. Do you know what I was thinking while I was making love to you?"

She just shook her head, standing mute.

"I was thinking that it would probably be even better if you were naked so I could worship all of you. I made a promise to myself that the next time you would be naked."

She straightened her back slightly at that, which did interesting things to her breasts. I wanted to just reach out and touch but manfully refrained.

"Next time?" she demanded. "And just when do you expect to find this next time occurring."

The tone of her voice hinted it would be about the same time that hell froze over.

"To be honest," I said thoughtfully, "I was thinking I'd take you down to my room about now so I could slowly strip you and play with you before finishing off with a repeat. I am young and healthy, you know, and you are a very great temptation."

"You're joking," she said as I moved over to her and slipped my arm around her waist. "Come on, you're not serious," she added as I walked down the hallway. "But really, we shouldn't," she said as I opened my bedroom door and ushered her in, thankful that my room was reasonably tidy for once.

"I'll take your panties off," I said softly, lifting her dress and finding that yes, she had put them on. "With these gone I'll then let you take off the rest of your clothes," I murmured, sliding her panties down and holding them while she lifted her feet free. "It will give you that little extra fillip of excitement while you do it, knowing that you're about to do something naughty."

I tossed her panties onto the dressing table and waited. She was blushing and biting her lip but she was also going to get undressed. We both knew it. She took a deep breath and started sliding down the zip to her dress.