 Introduction

My name is Nicole and I'm 22 years old. I'm 5'6" with light blonde hair, I weigh 110 lbs, my measurements are 32D-24-34. I've always been considered "hot", and I definitely find myself attractive. I'm bisexual; I've had many a sexual encounter with both men and women. My primary fetishes are big cocks, huge cumshots and squirting pussies.

One night I was in bed, covers thrown off, completely naked, my biggest vibrator twisting deep inside my pussy while I watched a hot porn movie. It was the last scene, a big-breasted brunette taking massive cumshots from three huge cocks. They showed the guy's face and he had this lucid look of overwhelming joy and release as he sprayed the girl's full tits with his thick load. I've had orgasms so hard that I've sprayed cum everywhere before, but I've never made that face. As I rolled over to go to sleep, I found myself wondering what it would be like to be a big-dicked man dousing a sexy slut in hot cum...

Chapter 1: Good Morning.

I woke up very tired. I blinked my eyes several times, finding it hard to open them or move. Something about my body felt very heavy, like I hadn't slept enough. My throat was dry so I made a little cough. My cough was strange. I couldn't quite put my finger on it. I yawned deeply, rolled over to face the ceiling, and rubbed my eyes. As I slid my fingers down my face, I noticed something strange: My cheeks were rough. I have smooth skin which I take care of very well, I couldn't understand why my skin felt this way. Then I looked at my hands. Something was VERY weird here. I looked down. My skin was the same tanned color as usual, but my chest was flat. My full D-cup tits were gone, instead I had well-formed pecs and a 6-pack stomach. I looked like a guy! 

"Holy shit!" I exclaimed.

I didn't even recognize my voice. It was a low, bass voice, with a soft lull to it, very sensually manly. I knew this was too ridiculous to be true, I was probably just having a very vivid dream. I looked myself up and down again, realizing that not only did I have the body of a man, I had the body of a very sexy man. As I moved in the bed, I could feel an obstruction between my legs, like I had something in my shorts. Then I realized what it was, and nervously slid my shorts down. I had a cock! And what a cock! It was completely limp and it was already 8 inches and very thick. I had full balls, and although I didn't know what it was supposed to feel like, it really felt like I had a big load of cum built up inside me.

I'm sure my next idea was a completely obvious one. I wanted my cock to get hard, I wanted to shoot that big load. I wanted to know what it was like to be a man. I turned the movie back on. A big thick cock was being deepthroated by a hot young pornstar, her sucking and slobbering so wet that there were thick strings of drool hanging between his shaft and her chin. 

All of a sudden, my cock started throbbing. I held it in my hand, cupping my large balls with the other hand, and felt this large cock grow and grow, harder and thicker. I could feel blood rushing to my cock from my entire body, feeling the pressure as my large load of cum was churning bigger and bigger. The cock was so thick and hard, looking at cocks like this always made me so wet before. I started stroking it, rubbing it, twisting it. I licked the palm of my hand, getting it soaking wet, slathering my spit all over my huge hard cock. 

I can't describe the feeling, it just kept getting harder and thicker. I jacked faster with one hand, rolling and gently pulling at my fat balls with the other hand, and could feel the pressure inside my huge member growing more and more urgent.

"Oh my god," I moaned to myself,"I... I'm gonna... I'm gonna cum!"

The throbbing in the base of my large cock grew more and more intense. I was sitting up, watching my huge cock intensely, and with my facial contortions of immense pleasure, had my mouth open as I moaned. Suddenly the pressure became too much, and I felt a muscle I didn't know I had start to spasm. A massive dollop of cum fired with incredible intensity from the hole in the tip of my dark red cock and caught me directly across the mouth, most of it inside my lips, the rest across my cheek. Blast after blast of cum splashed across my chest as I moaned and groaned, feeling my big balls contract and fire my hot seed all over myself. As it subsided, I swallowed the big mouthful of cum I had gotten. I tasted amazing, almost like cock candy, it was almost as sugary as it was salty. This was going to be fun.

Chapter 2: The Roommate

I got up and went to go take a shower. Apparently guys get a little sweaty while they sleep so I wanted to clean up. I stayed in the shower for a long time, soaping and feeling my body, my big cock, my large arms. As I got out of the shower, I looked at myself dripping wet in the mirror. I was SEXY! I was big and strong, and had a huge cock hanging between my legs. I was turning myself on again, so I was going to go back to my room and play some more.

Apparently I had been so distracted by my new "toy" that I had totally forgotten my roommate had come home late last night. So as I opened the door, of course with no towel on, there she was, also with no towel. She was no shy girl and was as sexually active as I was, so instead of screaming or covering up, she just looked me up and down. I stood there leaning against the doorway not saying a word.

"You have a very nice body, and your cock is beautiful," she finally said.

"Thanks," I replied, not recognizing my own voice, "Yours is pretty wonderful too."

"Are you a friend of Nicole's?" she asked.

"Sort of. I spent last night fucking her to so many orgasms that she's still passed out," I blurted out.

Becky raised an eyebrow, "Well then, while she's resting, how about coming into my room for a little while."

Without saying a word, I grabbed her lithe body, picked her up in my arms, and carried her bride-style to her room. She giggled and held herself close to me while I leaned down and kissed her big tits, flicking my tongue across her nipple while she cooed naughtily.

We got into her room and I threw her down on the bed, pulling her close to the edge so her smooth, freshly-shaved pussy was right up against the edge. I grabbed one of her tight ass-cheeks in each hand and lifted her off the bed a little and started licking her like mad. Slobbering all over with my lips and tongue, she was moaning and twisting all over the bed in no time. Faster than she ever had with me, she started jerking and writhing, grabbing and pulling my hair and gritting her teeth as she came.

When she had collapsed onto the bed breathing hard, I stood up, my thick cock starting to widen and lengthen, slowly growing harder. Becky turned around on the bed, still on her back, with her head hanging upside down off the edge. I stepped close to her and lowered my still-wet package to her face. She grabbed my semi-hard cock and lifted it up, and started rubbing it gently while tonguing and sucking on my thick balls, which I could feel were already churning up another, maybe even larger load of cum than before.

In no time, my cock was raging hard in Becky's little hand, my balls hanging nice and low with the weight of my large load of cum. I stepped back and took my big cock in both hands, and started smearing the tip around Becky's soft lips, leaving a glistening trail of precum on her lips before she opened her mouth wide for me to slide into her throat. No wonder guys love getting deep throated so much, it feels incredible! I started moaning with my deep voice, moving my hips to slowly fuck Becky's throat, the sensations incredible. I felt the familiar pressure building up quick and slid my cock out of her throat, twisting my hand around it slowly.

"Mmm, baby you suck my cock so good I'm gonna cum soon!" I warned.

"Go ahead," Becky moaned, "Shoot your hot cum all over my body!"

I grabbed my cock with my other hand, using both hands to twist it up and down, Becky's drool dripping wetly off my thick shaft. I lowered my big, full balls to her lips where she sucked and licked them as I began to cum. The first blast was incredible to watch as it sailed over Becky's hot body and splashed against her legs, almost to her knees! The second one landed right on her pussy mound, oozing down between her thighs. Blast after blast fired from my manly cannon, I could feel each one leaving my shaft as it covered Becky, she looked so sexy with my cum oozing everywhere on her sexy stomach, tits and pussy.

Finally the torrent of white ammunition subsided, the last bits leaking from my tip in a long slow drip as I lower my oozing tip back down to Becky's sexy expert mouth, which she immediately started sucking again, getting every drop from inside my big dick.

"My God, you're delicious!" Becky exclaimed,"I've never tasted cum this good!"

"Guess what else I am," I smirked, glancing down at my hand fisting the bulbous end of my raging cock.

"Holy shit, I've never seen a cock cum that much and still be completely hard! Just staring at you is getting me all wet again. I have to go shower and get ready for work now. I hope you come visit Nicole again soon, I would love to get another crack at that huge cock!" Becky giggled as she grabbed a towel and scampered off to the bathroom.

Chapter 3: Alone Again.

I went back to my room, not helping laughing a little as I watched my steel hardon bobbing in front of me as I walked. I got back in, almost closed the door, then I realized there was really no point. I sat down in a chair in front of the mirror, inspecting my equipment. I really had a beautiful cock. It was big, bigger than when I woke up. I guess cocks get bigger when they've gotten a taste of pussy. All this touching and prodding and pulling on my cock was making my overactive balls fill up again, and I was beginning to understand why guys can't seem to say no to getting some, the need to cum was overwhelming.

I licked my hand again and started to jerk myself off. The residue of drool and pussy juices on my cock turned my saliva into instant lubrication, and soon my hand was flying up and down. It felt so good, my big balls churning more and more delicious cum, my big fat new cock raging and thickening, throbbing powerfully in my hand. Thick streams of precum began to ooze from the slit in the tip of my cock and lubricate my even more. It was so gooey and filled my hand up so much that I couldn't help but start moaning and even muttering to myself, dirty, filthy things.

I felt my orgasm approaching and suddenly looked up and noticed Becky in the doorway watching me. She was showered and dressed, her dark wet hair looking beautiful, wearing a tight white tank top and short black skirt. She stared at me for a second then came over and knelt down in front of me.

"I have to get another mouthful of this cum before I leave," she cooed, and sucked my hardon deep into her mouth.

Seeing her like that and knowing how badly she wanted my big cum load inside her mouth didn't do much for my staying power. Before long, the precum was flowing copiously and my cock was throbbing harder and harder. I felt that now-familiar feeling and said, "Open your throat, you little slut, I'm gonna fill you with hot cum."

I know talk like that turns Becky on something fierce, and my suspicions were confirmed as she started deepthroating my gigantic cock almost right away, getting more of it inside her throat than I've ever seen her take any cock before. That sent me over the edge and I exploded inside her. I could feel the thick, strong rushes of cum traveling up my long shaft and firing from my tip directly to Becky's stomach. Her throat muscles swallowing my cum also rippled along the sides of my cockhead, making me cum more and even harder.

Finally my wave of semen ebbed and stopped. Becky had managed to swallow every drop, and I was quite impressed, I would have never been able to swallow a load that big without spilling. Just as she was swallowing the last of it and licking her lips, the doorbell rang.

"My sister's here, gotta go babe," she said, kissed me on the cheek, and scampered downstairs.

Chapter 4: The Sister.

I heard the door open and close, and the car drive away. I glanced around my room, but quickly realized that I didn't own any clothes that would fit this new body, so I threw on a towel (which was also made too small and barely covered my bulky package) and walked downstairs. I heard the TV on so I wandered into the living room. As I went down the hall I looked down. My cock, while limp, was still leaving a significant bulge in the little towel, but I figured noone was home so I didn't care.

I was startled when I walked into the living room to find Becky's younger sister Rachel watching TV. I realized in the back of my mind that I had agreed to give her a ride home while she let Becky borrow the car today. But I knew she wouldn't recognize me, so I wasn't sure what to say.

Rachel was only 18. She had the buildings of her sister, though. She was one of the first of her friends to start growing, and definitely one of the first to fill into her body. Her hips hadn't widened too much but she grew a nice perky ass, she was a firm C-cup by the time she was 16. She had the same soft, long straight hair of her sister, and the sexy voice and smile to seal the deal.

I didn't know how to proceed, but I knew from past experience that Rachel thought the exact same way as Becky did, and when I noticed Rachel's first reaction was to look me up and down and caught a hint of a smile at the bulge in my towel, I knew where this was going to end up.

"Hi, I'm... Nick, a friend of Nicole's," I said, thinking quickly.

"Hi, I'm Rachel, Becky's sister," she replied with a big smile. "I'm supposed to get a ride home from Nicole, is she up yet?"

"Actually, she left a little while ago," I lied, "But she left her keys with me to give to you, and she said she's sorry she couldn't tell you earlier."

I would have offered to give her a ride myself, but having no clothes that fit me, I wasn't about to go outside anywhere.

"That's ok," Rachel shrugged, "No big deal. So what are you still doing here if she left?"

"Well I went to take a shower and found a note from her when I got out that she had run out. I heard the TV on and thought I may have caught her before she left, but instead I caught you," I said with a smile.

She motioned her head towards my towel, chuckled a little and said, "Actually it looks like I've caught you."

I looked down and saw that my cock had been responding to the sexual tension between us, not to mention the fact that it hadn't stayed limp for very long since I got out of bed. The front of my towel was starting to bulge out to the point where the tip of my long cock was little more than an inch away from pushing the towel aside completely. I shrugged as if to say 'Nothing I can do about it' and looked back up at Rachel. She stood up and walked towards me.

"Well it doesn't look like this little thing is doing any good of hiding you, so why don't you just lose it," and with a swift motion, she grabbed my towel, pulled it off my hips and threw it over her shoulder.

Silence. She didn't say a word. She looked down wide-eyed at my cock, letting a whisper escape her lips, "So big..."

She backed up and looked my muscular body up and down, finally settling her gaze on my big cock which was slowly growing bigger and harder. She seemingly involuntarily dropped to her knees, slowly moving closer, moving her head around to look at every angle of it. I'm sure an eighteen-year-old had never seen a cock like this, no matter how much she liked to fool around, which Rachel certainly did. So she took her time inspecting this wonder of manly flesh. She turned her head sideways to look at the thick vein on the bottom and my large balls, which were visibly growing larger as they maniacally produced more of my cum candy.

While her cheek was turned up, her eyes closely inspecting every millimeter of cock flesh, I grabbed the base of my cock and milked it towards the tip. A thick dollop of precum oozed from the tip and started to drip down slowly. Rachel saw it, and was so overwhelmed by the sight of this amazing giant cock in front of her that instinct took over immediately, and she opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue to catch the gooey drip. She swallowed it, and looked up at me with a big smile, half her face eclipsed by my massive erection.

"This is delicious!" she said, which made me laugh a little because Becky had said the exact same thing earlier. "I mean, I love the taste of cum, but this is the sweetest, tastiest cum I've ever had!"

"Well there's plenty more where that came from," I growled, and grabbed my throbbing cockhead and placed it at her lips.

Rachel was a born cocksucker. I could only have dreamed about sucking cock as well as she was at 18, but she went straight to work on my pole. First, she stuck out her tongue and started licking extremely wet circles around the head, angling the head of my cock up so all her excess drool ran down the shaft of my huge dick. Once I was nice and dripping wet and fully hard, she started to push the head into her mouth, barely able to get it past her lips, her mouth was so small. She finally popped my head and an inch or two of shaft into her lips and started bobbing her head up and down, sliding her tongue side-to-side on the underside of my head inside her mouth, and moaning softly, one hand gripping the root of my bat, the other hand cupping my rapidly filling balls. My precum must have been really flowing because she was swallowing and swallowing and it felt so good.

She must have been able to feel the pressure of my increasing cumload building in my balls because she popped her mouth off my cock and said, "I don't want you to cum in my mouth yet. I want to feel this huge cock in my pussy."

All I could do was moan and smile, and she stood up and turned around. She was wearing a tight t-shirt which she pulled over her head, and a front-clasp bra which she undid, letting her big firm tits free. She had gorgeous tits, even for an 18-year old. She turned her back to me and bent way over, her ass on display for me, and slowly slid her short shorts and thong over her tight ass and down her legs. As they hit the floor, I could see the wet spot on her thong from how horny she had gotten sucking my cock. While she was still bent over, I stepped up behind her and slid the palm of my hand across her pussy. She moaned filthily, and I felt how incredibly wet her pussy was, which made my huge hard cock throb even harder, her drool and my precum still dribbling from my large shaft.

She turned around and sat down on the coffee table, spreading her legs wide, one foot on the table the other on the floor, licked her hand and started rubbing her pussy for me. I grabbed my cock and moved closer to her, placing the thick head at the entrance to her underage shaved pussy mound. I could feel the immense heat from her sex before my cockhead even touched her, and the second it did, I felt her squirm with excitement. I started pushing against her drenched hole, but my cock was too wide, it wouldn't go in! She and I stared in disbelief, making us both that much hotter at the pure thought of the situation: My cock was so big it wouldn't fit in her tight little pussy. This is just what I had wanted, to feel what a super tight pussy felt like around a big manly cock.

She took a deep breath, and I started to rub my cock in gentle circles, easing it between her folds. Ever-so-slowly, we started to make progress, her desperate pussy stretching to accommodate my incredible size. By the time my massive cockhead passed her lips, she was already starting to cum, I could feel her vice-like cunt sucking and rippling on my cock, but that didn't deter me. I kept up the slow thrusts, pushing in a quarter of an inch deeper with each thrust. 
