 Chapter 1

My free fall into a lifetime of infidelity began two nights before my wedding. After the rehearsal dinner, the wedding party went back to my wife's brother's house to party. That's when the booze really started flowing, the hash and marijuana were broke out and everyone began getting drunk and stoned. My wife's cousin who wasn't much of a drinker and had never smoked before got totally wasted and passed out. My brother-in-law carried her upstairs to one of the bedrooms. As the partying continued, either my wife, her brother, his wife or I would venture upstairs to check on Carla. On my second trip to check on her, I almost had a heart attack when I opened the door; Carla had kicked the blanket off and was lying on her back with her legs spread wide and her skirt bunched up around her waist showing off her red panties. Her halter top had also shifted and one of her tiny tits was completely exposed. Quietly I closed the door and walked over to the bed. Kneeling down next to the bed, I began thinking about whether I should just cover her up or take advantage of the situation since she had always teased and flirted with me the whole time I dated my wife. What the fuck, I thought to myself; I may never get this chance again. I reached out and placed my hand on her exposed tit, squeezing it gently and asking, "Carla are you okay? Do you need anything?" All I heard was some mumbling as she grabbed my hand and held it tight to her breast, I could feel the nipple hardening as I continued playing with her little boobs. 

Damn, I thought to myself, I better get back downstairs before someone comes looking for me and slowly removed Carla's hand from mine and after giving her tit one more squeeze, pulled the blankets back over her and left. Returning to the party, I saw that my brother-in-law and his wife were both passed out on the couch while my wife and the rest of the bridal party were playing some stupid drinking game. Not wanting to draw any suspicion, I sat down and started playing the game. After a few minutes, I excused myself to go to the bathroom. 

"Could you check on Carla while you're upstairs?" my wife asked as I headed up the steps.

"No problem hon." I replied.

Re-entering the bedroom, I removed the blanket that was still covering Carla. Fantastic, I thought to myself, nothing has changed, one tit still hanging out of her top and her legs spread still showing off her pretty red panties. Kneeling back down, I leaned forward and captured her puffy pink nipple with my lips. As I started sucking, feeling it get longer and harder the more I sucked, I gently placed my hand on her tummy at the top of her panties and slid it under the waistband of her panties. Slowly I began the trek downward with my fingers past her tuft of pubic hair until my hand was cupping her little pussy. I could feel her getting hotter and wetter as I was sliding my middle finger between her little pussy lips. I heard more incoherent mumbling as I penetrated her tight hole with my finger and started finger fucking her. Man, this is one tight pussy; I thought to myself, I can't wait to bury my dick inside her.

Releasing her nipple and removing my hand from her panties, I stood up, dropped my pants and underwear and knelt between her wide spread legs. Grabbing her ankles, I lifted her legs up against my chest, slid her panties to the side, lined up my steel hard shaft with her tiny hole and drove my manhood into her tight cunt with one thrust. It was so tight that it felt like my dick was in a vice. I remained still for a moment then slowly began sawing in and out of her hot wet tunnel until I could feel her loosing up a little. I sped up my thrusting as I felt my balls start to tighten up and that familiar tingling that I feel just before I cum. Faster and faster I slammed into her, my balls slapping off her cute little ass until finally with one last thrust, I buried my entire length in Carla and exploded with the most intense orgasm of my entire life. It felt like my balls were going to be sucked up through my shaft along with my semen. After putting her panties back in place, I went to the bathroom to clean up and returned to the drinking game.

"How's Carla?" my wife asked.

"Still dead to the world." I answered.

About an hour later, I again excused myself to use the bathroom. When I got to the bedroom where Carla was, I saw the door was slightly open. Quietly opening it more, I stuck my head inside. Lo and behold, there was my younger brother and best man, Joe, fucking Carla who was now semi-conscious. 

"Yes, yesssss!" I heard her moan as Joe drove into her one last time. I could tell by the way he was shaking that he was emptying his balls into her tight cunt.

A couple months after returning from the honeymoon, I got a call from my brother Joe.

"I really fucked up big time Mac!" he exclaimed.

"What now bro?" I asked.

"I knocked up Rita's cousin Carla." he said.

And then he rambled on about fucking her the night of the party and how she wants to have the baby and get married.

Damn, I thought to myself, I'm most likely the father since I came in her before Joe. Luckily we look so much alike, no one will ever know except me.

Chapter 2

I began working in the engineering department of a large design firm soon after I got married. I was told that the group secretary, Kelly, was a real cold bitch. I found out that this wasn't really the case; I guess that the other engineers in my group were real "male chauvinists" and treated her like shit. When I first started she treated me the same as the other guys but after a couple months started to loosen up toward me after she realized that I wasn't like the rest of the group and treated her nicely. I guess it all started since both of us usually arrived about 1/2 hour before starting time. I used this time to read the sports section of the newspaper. One day she stopped in my office as I was reading the paper and that's when I found out that she was a big sports fan. Every day she'd stop in while I was reading the sports and we'd chat about the recent happenings with the local teams, college, pro or high school. As the weeks went on she would stand closer and closer to my chair until one day I felt something smooth pressing against the side of my bare arm. With a quick glance, I noticed that is was her thigh. I didn't move since I didn't want to startle or alert her figuring she'd slap me or worse than that report me to the head of the department. Over the next few weeks, she would hold her bare thigh against my arm a little longer each day until her soft smooth thigh was pressed against me from the time she came into my office until she left. 

One day I decided to try something different so I raised my chair up and instead of resting my forearm flat on the arm of the chair; my elbow was hanging over the chair arm. This time when she pressed against me, my elbow was pressed right against her pussy. I felt her tense up when she realized something was different but she didn't pull away over the next few weeks, she even began rocking her pussy back and forth on my elbow and a couple times I think she may have had a small orgasm since she held herself tight against me and moaned ever so lightly. It got to be that I could tell when her period would start, the closer she got the more she rubbed.

After about six months, one of the other engineers got a promotion so it was decided to have a little going away get together at the local pub where a few of us would go each Friday after work. I asked Kelly on the Monday before if she was going and she said she wasn't. I kept hounding her about coming for the next few days. Friday morning, I could sense by her actions that she'd be starting her period in the next few days. So while she was rubbing my elbow, I kept insisting that she should come to the get together that night and she said she'd think about it. 

I was sitting at the end of the bar with my back against the wall when Kelly walked into the pub looking around for our group since it was more crowded than usual. Standing on the rung of the barstool, I began waving my hand to get her attention. After a few seconds she spotted me and worked her way to where our group was gathered. Since there were no more seats at the bar, trying to act like a gentleman, I got up and gave her my stool. My eyes nearly popped out of their sockets when, as she slowly got up on the stool, her skirt split open, her legs spread and I was staring at the crotch of her deep red panties. Looking up, I could tell she caught me staring and figured she'd give me an earful and embarrass the shit out of me but she just smiled a little and turned to face the bar. After getting the bartenders attention, I ordered her a drink and squeezed myself in between the wall and her stool placing my foot on the bottom rung of the stool. After downing a couple drinks and some general sports talk, the band began to play and Kelly swiveled her stool to watch them and the dance floor causing her ass to rest gently against my crotch. After a couple more drinks and a few more songs, Kelly began swaying back and forth with the music rubbing her fine little ass against my ever hardening dick. Taking a chance, I pushed my hard-on tighter against her butt. She reacted by sliding back and rubbing harder. We continued like this for another couple song then the band announced they were taking a break and put on a tape with slow songs. Turning her head, Kelly asked me to dance. As soon as we got on the dance floor, Kelly threw her arms around my neck, laid her head against my chest and plastered her pussy against my throbbing hard on, grinding against me like there was no tomorrow. About the middle of the third song, Kelly stood on her toes and whispered in my ear that she had to go to the ladies room. Figuring that she had come to her senses, I headed back to the bar, ordered a couple more drinks and waited her return. When Kelly returned and sat back down facing the bar, I noticed the wrap-around skirt she was wearing was hanging down on either side of her legs, exposing her thighs almost up to her crotch. Between the alcohol and the once again throbbing hard-on in my pants, I decided to press my luck and placed my hand midway up her bare thigh, lightly stoking it back and forth as we continued our sports talk.

"It's getting a little warm in here." Kelly said as she removed her jacket.

"That's better." she exclaimed as she laid her jacket across her lap covering my hand while sliding forward so that my fingers were nearly touching her twat. Close enough that I could feel the heat emanating from her core.

I continued my venture northward on her thigh until my finger gently touched the crotch of her panties all the while continuing talking like nothing was happening. Ever so lightly, I began rubbing my finger back and forth across the crotch of her panties, feeling them getting wetter and wetter. Taking another chance, I slipped my finger under the leg band of her panties and inched my way toward her hot wet slit. I heard her sigh slightly as my finger slid across her blood engorged lips and a sharp intake of air as I slipped my finger into her dripping wet hole. It felt like I had my finger in furnace, she was so hot. We continued talking like there was nothing going on as I slowly slid my finger in and out of her tight twat. I think she almost jumped out of her skin when I touched her clit. 

Leaning over, Kelly whispered in my ear, "Mac, I'm too drunk to drive home, would you drive me? It's only a couple minutes away."

"No problem, Kelly" I answered as I slid my finger from volcano like hole.

After helping her get in my car, I went around to the driver's side and got in. No sooner than I pulled out of the parking lot, Kelly slid over next to me and unbuckled my belt, unzipped my pants and stuck her hand inside my boxers and started rubbing my rock hard cock. 

"I hope you don't think I'm a slut, I've never done anything like this before, I don't know what's come over me." She rattled on while stroking my aching dick. All I could do was moan as her gentle touch brought me closer and closer to blowing my load. Luckily we got to her place just in time, another 10 seconds and I would have had a pants full of cum. I pulled her hand off my prick, hurriedly zipped up and buckled my pants and ran around to open the door for her. As she was about to get out, she fell backward most unladylike, her legs spreading wide her wet red panties completely exposed. "OOOPPPPPSS." She giggled as I took her hand and helped her get up and out of the car. 

"Hold on tight." I said, putting her arm on my shoulder and mine around her waist and began walking her up the walk to the front door. As we slowly made our way, Kelly knees started buckling a little causing my hand to slide up from her waist until my had was completely covering her tit while her free hand was latched onto my crotch. I really didn't realize this until I heard her moan, "MMMMMMMM, feels nice."

When we reached the porch, I sat her down on the chair next to the door, "Keys?" I asked.

Fumbling through her purse, she pulled out her key chain and handed them to me. After opening the door, and getting her to her feet again, I helped her into her house. 

"Where too?" I questioned.

"Straight ahead, shecond door on left." Kelly slurred.

"Shtop, Bafroom. Quick." She drunkenly shouted as she pointed to the door right next to me.

Walking her in to the bathroom, I stood her in front of the toilet and started to leave.

"Mac, help please before I pee my panties." She said.

Turning back, I saw her swaying back and forth, trying to lift her skirt and push down her panties.

Quickly I went back and lifted her skirt.

"Hurry, hurry" she pleaded as I stuck my hands under the waistband and pushed her panties down to her knees and eased her down on the toilet. None too soon, as she let loose with a wicked stream of piss as soon as her butt hit the seat. While she continued relieving herself, I took her panties off her legs and undid the button on her skirt and pulled it out from behind her leaving her totally naked from the waist down. Holy shit, I thought to myself, she's got one fucking hairy pussy. Next, I unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off, tossing in into the pile with her panties and skirt, lastly off came her bra, now she was totally naked and she still had not stopped me. 

When Kelly finally stopped peeing, she opened her eyes and started to reach for the toilet paper.

"Let me do that for you." I said as I grabbed a couple pieces of paper and wadded them up. Spreading her legs apart, I saw her blood engorged pussy lips come into view. Reaching in, I wiped the few droplets of pee, dropped the paper and slid my finger into her tight hole.

"YESSSSSSSSSS!" she shouted throwing her head back as I began sawing in and out of her love tunnel while rubbing her clit with my thumb. 

"put your arms around my neck and hold on tight." I instructed her. Once she had her hand locked around my neck, I pulled my finger out of her pussy, lifted her slightly off the seat, placed my hands under her ass and picked her up so that her legs were wrapped around my waist. From this position, I slipped my finger back inside her hot wet hole and proceeded to the bedroom. When I got to her bed, I squatted down and sat her on the bed. Standing up, I removed my clothes, my cock so hard that I think I could have stuck it through a piece of steel, and moved back toward Kelly. She had this blank stare on her face as my dick inched closer and closer to her face until it was bumping up against her lips. She looked up at me questioningly as I began rubbing it back and forth across her lips while pushing slightly forward. She finally got the idea and opened her mouth letting the purple mushroom head slip into her mouth. She remained still, not doing anything. Looking down, I asked quietly, "never done this before huh?"

She shook her head "NO".

"Just pretend you're sucking on a lollipop, I'll do the rest." I moaned, as I began work my stiff shaft in and out of her suctioning mouth. Since I didn't want to cum in her mouth with this being her first time giving a blowjob, I only kept it up for a minute or so before pulling out. I gently eased her onto her back on the bed and climbed between her thighs. She had a nervous but excited look on her face a s I leaned over and took one of her eraser sized nipples in between my lips and began sucking like a new born baby while once again slipping a finger into her womanhood. I alternated sucking bot of her nipples while fingering her tight hole until she tightened up and began tossing her head back and forth. Sensing she was about to orgasm, I removed my finger and placed the head of my dick against her pussy lips. I continued sucking her nipples and rubbing her clit waiting for her climax to begin, when her orgasm finally hit, she screamed like a banshee and I thrust my prick into her virgin love tunnel, tearing through her hymen and burying myself completely. Her vaginal walls were contracting so hard that it felt like my prick would be snapped off. I remained still until her orgasm subsided. When she opened her hers, they were sparkling and she had an immense smile, "Thank you" Kelly whispered. I slowly began sliding in and out of her hot little hole until she began to get in rhythm with my motion. Again, I could sense her getting closer and closer to cumming so I picked up my speed. Now I could feel my balls tightening up and knew I was also close. A few more thrusts and she again clamped down on my shaft as her second orgasm rushed through her body causing me to cum so hard that it felt like my balls were being sucked up through my shaft. When I was finished emptying my balls, I collapsed sideways, shaking and breathing hard, my still hard, bloody, cum covered cock exiting her no longer virginal twat with a pop.

Kelly rolled onto her side and leaned over and kissed me lightly. I noticed a tear in her eye as she said, "I don't know what came over me, I hope you're not upset. I don't want to mess up our friendship."

"I'm fine, this doesn't change anything." I said as I wiped away her tear.

"My gosh, it's still hard as she straddled me and impelled herself on my dick and began riding me like a wild woman until we both screamed out in ecstasy as our orgasms tore through us one last time.

"Thanks for a wonderful evening and I'll see you bright and early on Monday." I told Kelly as I left.

While we continued to flirt and play touchy feely for the next couple years, we never ended up screwing again. She did however give me a blowjob at the company picnic and I showed her the pleasure of having her pussy tongue lashed at the company picnic the next 3 years before I moved on to a new company.

CHAPTER 3

I would love to go into the details of my 3rd trip down the road of adultery since this was really an affair that lasted almost 4 years that started when the young lady was a freshman and ended when she graduated and went off to college. All I can say is she became a borderline nymphomaniac after losing her virginity and was open to just about anything.

My cheating life continued after I was transferred to a small town on the east coast. The motel where I stayed had a bar attached that was the hot spot for the surrounding area and was jumping every night except Sunday. The females outnumbered the males by almost 2:1, a virtual meat-market, almost everyone friendly, especially if you bought them a drink or two or three.

There was one young lady that caught my eye the first night I was there, she wasn't a raving beauty nor was she a dog, just cute in that girl next door way. She wasn't well endowed in the breast department just barely a B-cup but she had an ass that had to be one of the finest specimens I had seen. Over the next week or so, I figured out that she and her 2 girlfriends were regulars, they'd come in around the same time each night, grab one of the tables that circled the dance floor, nurse a drink for an hour or so and while her friends danced with every swinging dick in the place, she'd only dance with her friends although many guys asked her. Around 1AM they would leave. After about a week of observing and trying to look like a gentleman and not a horn-dog like the other guys, I began send drinks for her and her friends with one of the waitresses who took good care of me because I tipped her very well. I just sat at my table and would smile at them after the waitress delivered the drinks and pointed to who bought the drinks.
