 Quite sad that it was my last fuck with him :( (true story)

I walked into the "playroom" and reminisced about the last time we'd fucked on his pool table. I turned when Kevin walked in. His hands slid around my hips and gripped my ass, pulling me towards him. I ran my hands over his arms and we kissed, his mustache tickling my lip. We made out as he massaged my ass.

Kev pulled my shirt over my head and caressed my breasts. I sighed, kissing his shoulder before tearing off his shirt. He was just my type, muscular and cut with a few tattoos. I ran my hands over his abs and pecs and he laughed as I drooled. My bra and pants made it to the floor, and I bent over the pool table in my thong. I smiled as Kevin stared at my ass with pure lust. He knelt behind me and took the globes of my ass in his hands before kissing them and pulling my thong down.

In one smooth push he was inside me, stretching the walls of my pussy. I moaned and arched my back as he sheathed himself inside me. Kevin started pounding into me, gripping my hips and pinning me against the table. All I could do was moan and scream as somehow, without foreplay, I was already close. My hands gripped the felt of the table and my pussy tightened around his cock, making him feel even bigger as he hit all the right spots at once.

I came hard and fast, screaming and slamming my hips back onto his. As my pussy quivered and I sighed onto the table, Kevin slowed his thrusts and slid his hands over my back. I caught my breath and flinched as his cock hit a sensitive spot. He kissed my back and rubbed my clit before guiding his cock back inside me, stretching me anew.

My clit has always been my weak spot, and my knees felt like they were going to give out immediately. But Kevin held me as he entered me and rubbed hard. My eyes rolled back in my head and I moaned like a bitch in heat. The fire from my clit spread fast when he picked up speed and I was pushing back towards him again. Right before I came he stopped rubbing me. I caught my breath through each moan in time with his thrusts. He started pounding me hard, bruising my hips against the edge of the table. My orgasm caught me off guard, forcing me to lie forward on the table as I screamed and shook on the end of Kevin's cock. He kept pumping until I stopped quivering then pulled out, kneeled down, and gently covered my ass in kisses.

Kevin lifted me in his arms, his tattoos stark against my clear skin. I turned to him and pressed my sweaty body against his, his tongue finding mine while his hands explored my breasts. He gently pushed me back against the table and took my nipple into his mouth, sucking hard and flicking it with his tongue. He had me panting in less than a minute and I lifted myself so I was sitting on the rail with my legs spread. Kevin took my clit into his mouth and sucked in one long, continuous movement and I screamed.

He stood, positioned himself and entered me once more. He still stretched me even after fucking me so hard and I moaned into his mouth. He gripped the rail and started with smooth, full strokes, entering me all the way before nearly pulling out each time. I watched his huge cock disappear inside of me, the sight making it ten times hotter. My pussy spasmed around his cock and we both moaned from surprise. He started thrusting faster, still making those amazing long strokes. We made eye contact for a second before he kissed me hard and deep, and I felt another orgasm coming. Fucking magic cock, I thought to myself.

His thrusts got even faster and I could hear his balls slapping against my ass. I kissed and licked his chiseled chest and shoulders, moaning as I went. I didn't see his hand move but he suddenly pinched my clit and it was all over. I screamed and bucked and he held me tight, thrusting and pinching through my whole orgasm as I almost fell off the table. He sheathed himself inside me and held me as I came down, mewing and kissing his neck. I came back to Earth as my feet touched the floor and I kissed him again. He turned me back around and told me to stay put.

Looking over my shoulder, I saw him reach for the KY jelly. He spread some on my ass hole and lubed himself. I closed my eyes, focusing on relaxing as he lined up since it'd been a while since anyone had been back there. Kevin pressed gently against my hole and started slipping in. The head entered, and I breathed a sigh of relief that he didn't hurt at all. He let me push back at my own pace, and I pressed my ass against his hips. Reaching forward, he cupped my breasts, pinching my nipples as he ground his hips against mine. I moaned and watched our shadow on the wall.

As he drew out about halfway, his hands returned to my hips. Kevin sank back into my ass, pinning me to the pool table. Out of nowhere he picked up the pace, slamming in and out of me. I braced myself against the table as he pulled nearly out each time and screamed when he sheathed himself inside of me, wrapped his muscular arms around my torso, and held me tight against him. His teeth sank into my shoulder, causing my eyes to roll back into my head.

One hand slid down my stomach and pressed against my clit, bucking me against him. I couldn't move as he tortured me, grinding my clit and keeping his cock absolutely still in my ass. He went further down and pushed two fingers into my pussy before pressing the heel of his hand against my clit. My knees buckled, and I think it was more his cock that was holding me up then his arms. He worked me then, his hand in and on my sopping pussy and his cock stretching my ass. He rocked me back and forth and I couldn't stop screaming from all the stimulation. My hands gripped his arm for stability as I felt my legs weaken even more and I warned him that I was about to come.

He pushed hard with both his hand and hips and I simply exploded, my pussy soaking and clenching his hand and my ass spasming around his cock. It felt like thunder rolled through my body so loud I couldn't hear my own screams as I all but convulsed in his arms. As I came down, Kevin laid me on the pool table and pulled out of my ass, coating my ass with his hot seed.