 Lying side by side on the beach at noon, our skins shining with sun cream, Barbara's finger slowly circling the palm of my hand.

Our hotel room about half a mile away, I'd better not think of what I would be doing if I could take her there at once.

Lying on my back I am sure that my arousal is getting evident to everyone. In the dazzling Mediterranean summer, I just wonder what would shock a local tourist more, an evident erection or the sight of a 23-year-old boy holding hands with a 48-year old-woman.

And I should chase the latter thought away, just not to get even harder.

*****

I met Barbara last September. The friends, I had shared the flat with, decided not to stay overnight for the last year of courses, so I had to search for a new accommodation. The previous flat was really too distant from the university (basically, we had "inherited" it from friends who went to a different faculty), so I was looking for a single-room apartment nearer the building. I was quite lucky to find a studio less than two miles away from university: it is actually a two room flat, that I share with a guy I first met in the first year. The studio has been freshly refurbished, like the entire building, a post-WWI four-story mansion with another plus: the owner lives in. So you are certain that everything will always be in order. And the owner is Barbara.

From the very start it all went too well. Me and Frank met her at her home in a sunny morning, and she was wearing tight blue jeans and a white blouse, her long blonde hair running free; she had just come back from the holidays, her glamorous tan shining from every inch of bare skin. A gold necklace outlined generous breasts; but the first thing I noticed was her smile, so open and white, that coupled with the light blue of her eyes made the tan shine even more. A rather junonesque figure, a little overweight, she must have been about 5'9" with some heels on, since I was a tad taller than her. I had just come back from holidays too, and my olive skin was tanned even more than her; at 22 and playing footie twice a week, I was rather in good shape as well (and Frank, well, is so chubby he could never been a competitor). She was impressed by our curricula - so we would have given her no trouble at night - and by the fact that we were rushing to finish our studies - so she would have no problem in finding new clients. 

Price was a tad over our budget, but she agreed to lower it, since no other flat was occupied yet. Oh, and she must have been impressed by myself too, since she kept smiling when I talked and kept staring at me all along. It ought to be pretty evident, since Frank told me so immediately after we got out; and that was the reason it was always me who knocked on her door, when it was rent day (sometimes we were a few days late) and we had to ask for a little repair. Frank referred to her as "Circe the witch"; she warned me that she could phagocytise me, but I shrugged it off. Barbara must have surely been a flattering woman in her prime, but in her late fourties was surely overweight, nonetheless she kept dressing like she were 20 years younger, with too tight trousers, too short skirts and undersized blouses or tops. And I must admit that, since I planned to get my degree before getting seriously involved in a relationship, sometimes I wanked off thinking of Barbara. Every time I went to her apartment, that occupies the whole top floor of the building, we had just small talk - she asked me about my exams, she served me a soft drink a couple of times, and so on - but the duration of our meeting kept steadily growing. I found out she was divorced and her two sons lived away. Once I noticed the presence of a maid and that was it.

Until last July. While Frank was studying at home, my last exam was only a few days away, so I stayed in the flat. Later in the day the football world cup semi-final was due up, so when I stopped studying I showered, and before having dinner I went up to Barbara's apartment to bring up the monthly rent (a few days later, alas) and rang. It took a while before she opened the door. She was panting, and she was wearing a really tight spandex outfit with sneakers at her feet. "Sorry, I was exercising in the gym room," she apologised, and let me into the living room. She came back after a while with two little bottles of water, and just a glass. The spandex outfit outlined her body perfectly, I could spot some ripples on the side; most of all, her nipples pressed the fabric almost violently, and my eyes couldn't help but staring at them a few times. She opened her bottle and drank straight from it. She sat on my right, as usual, on the big couch, while I was sitting on a single-seat sofa. Her breath had become normal by then. "I thought you were not here in town, Guy," she said, her eyes lighting up a little.

"Oh, I have my very last exam next Friday," I countered.

"Wow, that is great! Mmm, does it mean you will be leaving the flat?" she asked, a different note in her voice.

"Not very soon," I replied, "then I will have to write the thesis, so it will take some time." I spoke the truth; the last exam was an easy one, then I would have to tackle a huge amount of paper to produce my thesis.

She smiled, "That's good. You are a really nice neighbour, and you have never give me any bothering down there."

"Sure," I nodded.

She crossed her legs, her eyes straight into mine. "Is your friend here as well?"

I heard my heart skip a beat; it was so easy to speak the truth once again. "No, he's back home."

Her eyes flashed and she smiled again, "Don't tell me you are not going to watch the semi-final tonight!"

A woman who follows football? I politely answered, "Of course I will be watching it. Not that I am really interested, but watching sport relaxes me."

She was all smiles. "Me too. And then, watching those handsome quadriceps," she giggled, "you know, I am old, but I can still appreciate such things."

I have never been good at lying, but this time I had to. "Oh you are not old," I don't know how these words went out so fast, if I had readied them, I wouldn't be that fast!

"Oh so kind from you, but I am," she shook her head, her upper lip turning up.

I insisted, "Please, stop, you are not old at all".

She smiled and lit her eyes up. Looking straight into my eyes. And my heart stopped.

She almost whispered, "Again, thank you. Why won't you come over here for the game? I may arrange a light dinner and then we can enjoy it."

A bell rung in my head. My eyes were fallen to Barbara's ankles, whose tanned colour stroke so beautifully with the spandex black, and they climbed up to her eyes. It had been a while, more than a year, since I had my last date with a girl, and this one was going to be pretty interesting. I heard something in my stomach that witnessed how interested I was really was.

"Wow, that would be great," I was so honest! "What could I bring up for dinner?"

She stood up and said, "Nothing, I have already everything. Don't expect a three-course meal though!" and she smiled one more time.

So we arranged to meet in little more than two hours.

In the meanwhile, I had just the time to go buy a bottle of white wine and then get back to the flat to change shirt and trousers. I opted for my best jeans and a tight yellow polo shirt, since I was pretty sure that Barbara would have been dressing quite causally. The idea that someone else could have been with us popped up, but I pretended not to be possible.

At 9 I rang up. Before I could see her, a breeze of perfume overwhelmed my senses. I handed out the bottle of wine, and in so doing I noticed her slender fingers, with a freshly polished light blue enamel on her nails, the same light blue of her eyes. She was wearing tight white trousers and a red blouse with a deep V that allowed a deep view of her breasts.

I followed her into the kitchen, that looked like it had been delivered right away, where she had prepared two dishes with melon and ham, green salad, tomatoes and cheese. I stood by the table, while she uncorked the bottle and walked around with forks, knives et al.

"I didn't know you like football," I said.

"Well, when I was 20, I dated a football player," she replied. "So we had lots of free tickets, and in the Nineties we watched lots of great games. So, after he was gone, the passion stayed, at least for the big time matches."

"And I did not know you had a gym here at home," I added.

"Well, it is not a proper gym," she added while she kept on preparing the table, "I have a few kits and machines, and lately I prefer to go swimming rather than to a gym".

This time it was my turn to take a long stare at her. "Oh, you look fit."

"You liar!" she blushed, then she smiled and slapped my wrist, "You are fit, Guy. Do you play football?"

Her blush rose my confidence: "Sure! A couple of times per week, though lately I have been reducing to just one for the exams."

"Wow, so your quad must be pretty sexy...," she quipped seductively.

Obviously it was my time to blush.

She passed by me and let a hand soflty probe my abdomen. "And your abs look quite tight too! Don't worry, this dinner will be quite light, so you won't get any exceeding weight on", she said, and she kept caressing the are around my navel.

The touch of her hand on my belly made me shiver. Her touch lasted only a few seconds, then she moved on, disappearing for a while out of that huge kitchen room.

When she came back, we sat at the kitchen table and began to have dinner.

Conversation was pretty uneventful, it ranged from football to family to careers (basically, she lives out of the rents of the buildings she got with the divorce), and was showered by the wine I had brought. 

10 o'clock came and we noticed it at the very last moment.

We sat side by side in front of the screen, the fabric of our trousers making contact.

"Who do you think are going to win?" she said.

"Germany, surely," I boasted, "but I am afraid they will overcome Brazil on the penalty shootout. You know, tomorrow I will have to wake up early."

"Don't worry, Germany are going to win easily,", she guaranteed.

She noticed a move in my lips and countered, smiling, "Do you reckon women don't know about football?"

"I said nothing!" I tried to justify, but that was exactly what I thought.

"But I saw your expression," she kept smiling, leaning toward me, "we will see. Well, we can make a bet. If Germany wins by 1, or on penalties, or Brazil wins, I will offer you as many drinks as the goal differential. If Germany wins by 2 or more, it will be you who pays me as many drinks. Agree?"

I had drunk too much that it all looked so confused; anyway, I agreed.

"Look, I wear yellow like Brazil, while you are wearing red like Germany," I added.

"Sure. If you want, we can swap shirts," she quipped, "but the bet stands!" while saying so, her hand fell on my quadriceps and moved up and down for a while. After she stopped, she left her hand over my leg.

For a while I froze. I asked myself what all that would have led. I hadn't had sex for a long time, and I hadn't even masturbated for a few weeks, so my dick was extremely sensitive. Then I realised how lucky I had been. It was just a matter of time. I just hoped the football game would not go to extra time.

But the game was soon over. Germany scored after barely 10 mins; then, from min 20 to min 30, floodgates opened: Germany was ahead, 5-0.

In the process, Barbara kept on cheering on and taunting me out, "You are going to go broke, little Guy!"

With her perfume all over me, three glasses of wine in my veins, her hand moving up and down my leg and her curves pushing over my body, it was time to try my luck. I stood up, just to fall on my knees in front of her, and said, almost pleading, "Barbara, you are going to win the bet heavily. You know, I am just a student. I will honour my debt, but hey, if I could pay it in another way..."

She looked quite stunned, but just a few seconds.

"Oh Guy, you are so sweet!" she took my hands and added, "Get up and sit here by my side, don't be silly!"

I sat back over there, but I insisted. I kept staring into her eyes, my face getting nearer to her.

She kept turning down my offers, but her face move slowly toward mine.

I took her hand, and she crossed my fingers with hers.

In a few seconds that lasted like a hour, our lips touched for the first time. And after a few seconds, we kissed again. She took my face with her hands, and pressed her lips over my lips, opening her mouth and allowing my tongue to sneak in.

While my tongue avidly inspected her mouth, her hands left my face to fall down to my shoulders, then to my arms, finally to my torso. My hands started to caress her back, finding the lock of her bra and swiftly undoing it. She was quite surprised by my prowess (my little secret), and I took advantage by undoing her blouse. She immediately replied by taking my shirt off with a single movement.

Her hands moved down do my abdomen. "You are so fit, Guy, you make me so horny," she whispered

I breathed those words and let her hands fall down. Her fingers sneaked in between the jeans and my skin, finding my underwear and moving inside. My dick was aching to be released and her nails hit the erection gently.

"Oh Guy, it looks like you find me sexy after all...," the depth of her voice arousing me even more.

I just sighed and tried to undo the belt, but she arrived first. I saw the exhilaration in her eyes when my dick was revealed, fully erected, to her face.

I tried to undo her jeans, but she pulled away. He looked into my eyes and added "Let me do the play, Guy. After all, you have lost."

I let my head fall back, while her fingers explored my shaft. 

"Guy, won't you please now take your jeans off completely, please?" she asked. How could I not obey. I got rid of everything I was wearing and I surrendered to her. She was still sitting in front of me; she kept staring at my dick, moving one finger all over the length. Then she leaned on, and took it into her mouth. Twice her tongue moved up and down, then she engulfed the entire piece of meat.

I was in heaven and I wanted it to last for hours; unfortunately, too much time without practice meant that I could not resist for too long.

"Barbara, I am afraid I am going to cum," I begged, almost ashamed. Instead than stopping, Barbara fastened the pace and her hands gently squeezed my balls. I felt my balls swell and after just a few seconds I could not hold on. After the first shot she framed a few seconds, then she kept sucking on. As far as I know, it looked like I kept cumming for a while.

Finally, I stopped.

"Wow Guy, you had a few gallons in the cellar, hadn't you," she said, her finger tracing a pattern on my cheek. I was still panting, while she stood up and gave me a wet kiss. Her tongue unloaded some droplet of my cum into my mouth, then she got sure it was swiped all over inside my mouth.

"Sorry Barbara, I didn't want to cum so fast," I added.

She wrapped her arms around me and added "It's alright, baby, really."

We sat back and we cuddled together, my hands on her belly. We kept kissing, and now it was my time to undo her jeans. I kissed her mound through her knickers, before revealing all of her beauty. I knelt in front of her, and in so doing I felt my dick getting rigid again. I dived my faced into her shaven treasure, doing for the first time what I had been fantasizing for years. The "Oh" Barbara cried out looked out of surprise.

I savoured the moment, avidly licking her humours, whose scent and flavoured inebriated me. Barbara moaned, while my tongue pushed deeper inside her, before properly licking her clit. Her hand move to my head, guiding it where she wanted.

Until she froze and then shook, almost tearing a few hair away from my head, and letting a growl out.

By then, my dick was again fully erected. I stood up and brought it toward her pussy. Her hands guided me in, and then I rode her. This time I felt like I would not have come for a while, so I thrusted with a faster pace. Then Barbara asked me to change position, with her mounting me. And hey she was so powerful. Her giant boobs move all over, and my hands were eager to keep them firm. She came twice, before asking me to ride her from a standing position. I stood up, took her ankles and asked if I should cum outside her. She sighed "I want you inside of me," and after not too long I climaxed. She wrapped her legs around me and kept me standing inside her for a while. Then she let me slip away, stood up and whispered "Stay with me tonight, Guy." 

She took my hand and led me to her bedroom.