 My Saturday morning, which was a day off, was starting out slow and late. I just woke up a little past 11 in the morning and decided to take a shower. As I was standing in the shower, letting the hot water run down my body, I could swear that I heard a constant knocking. After a few more seconds, I was sure it was the door. I reluctanltly turned off the water and stepped out of the shower.

I wrapped a towel around my waist as I headed through the living room and went to the front door. I opened it up after a few more knocks and was pleasantly surprised to see a beautiful blonde standing in front of me. 

I was a little embarrassed that I was wearing only a towel, but it didn't seem to bother the lady at all. She got right into the reason she was there. "Hello, my name is Heather and I was wondering if you'd like to purchase some magazine subscriptions?"

That made me mad right there. I know that she didn't know I was in the shower, but the fact that I was dragged out of the shower just to be hocked some merchandise, did enough to make me mad. 

I was probably a little rude as I said, "No, I'm not interested. I'm interested in finishing my shower. Thank you very much!" 

I went to close the door, but Heather started talking. "Listen, I'm sorry to bother you, but I didn't mean to drag you out of the shower. I'm just trying to do my job here." 

I immediately felt like a jerk. My face got a little red as I said, "I'm sorry for being a jerk. It's just my day off. I was looking forward to a nice shower and relaxing for the day." She immediately replied, "I'm sorry. I'll just go. Have a nice day."

Heather turned to walk away, and as she did, I could see her sexy round ass bouncing up and down. I decided that I could prolong my plans for the day for a few minutes. "Wait!", I yelled. "Maybe I would like to subscribe to a magazine or do. Won't you come in?"

Heather turned around, looked at me, and said, "Alright. Let's see what we can do." She walked into the door and stopped directly in front of me. She smiled a big smile and brushed past me with her nice C-breasts brushing against my chest.

I was a little surprised that it took me this long to realize how beautiful she was. Heather was roughly 5''10 with an athletic body. She looked to be in her early to mid-30's. She was wearing a mini-skirt with a nice white top that exsentuated her lovely breasts.

My dick started to grow a little bit, but I was glad for the towel around my waist. Heather went over to the couch and made herself "at home". She crossed her legs as she looked up at me with a big smile on her face. My head told me that she was just trying to be nice and polite by smiling, but I wasn't dumb either. I could tell or at least I thought that she wanted more than to sell me some magazines.

Even with that thought, I decided that I needed to get dressed and look presentable. So, I said "Listen, I need to get dressed real quick. Can I get you something to drink while you wait?"

"Sure. I'd like a glass of water if I could get one.", she said. "No problem." was my reply as I walked into the kitchen, took a glass out of the cupboard, and got Heather a glass of water from the sink. 

I walked back in the living room and handed her the glass of water. As she took it, she rubbed her soft hand over mine. Her touch felt really good. I knew that she was coming on to me, but I wasn't sure If I should make a move on her. I didn't want to come off as a horny toad, even though she was making me that way. I decided to just "keep it in my pants" so to speak.

"I need to go get dressed. I'll be back out in a couple of minutes. Make yourself comfortable. Watch a little TV or something. Whatever you want.", I said as I turned to walk to my bedroom. 

She stopped me with her sweet voice. "Ok. I'll be right here. Don't keep me waiting too long, okay?", she said. I turned back to look at her and she was grinning from ear to ear as she was running her right leg all over her left one. I smiled at her and said again, "I need to get dressed." I turned, walked into my bedroom, and shut the door. 

I immediately dropped my towel to the floor and my aroused dick stuck out like a sore thumb. It was throbbing. The way Heather looked, especially her legs, were driving me nuts. I decided that I had enough time to do it, so I stepped into the bathroom, sat on the toilet seat, and started stroking my cock up and down, picturing myself running my hands over Heather's long sexy legs and having her ride me.

I was going good and it felt great. I was lost in my own little world, but I snapped out of it when I thought I heard my door open and close. My heart was jumping up and down, but suddenly things went deadly silent again and I thought I was just imagining things. Anways, I decided that I let Heather wait long enough and I needed to stop fooling around and get out there to her. 

I opened the bathroom door and stepped into the bedromm, butt naked. My face instantly got red as I looked up and saw Heather sitting on the head of my bed with her legs spread wide open. My dick grew at record pace right in front of her and it started to jerk.

Heather started giggling and said, "Oh goody! Someone's happy to see me, are they?". I was a little angry that she walked in on me, but I was so turned on right now and plus, Heather was so sexy, I wanted to bang her right there.

"I thought you said you'd stay in the livingroom?" I asked. "Mmmm, I know, but I lied. Got a problem with it?" she asked me as she started twirling her beautiful blonde locks with her fingers. 

"Not at all, babe. Not at all.", I said. I was so hot at this moment, I needed to fuck her. I needed to feel her insides. But, I also needed to not rush things. "So, you like what you see?" I asked.

"Mmmm, definitely. I've been walking around this neighborhood all day seeing hot men like you and I can't hold myself anymore. I need my pussy to be filled with your big cock. You think you can handle it sweetie?"

As she said this, she was slowly sliding two fingers in and out of her visibly wet pussy. Obviously, she wasn't wearing any panties. "I know I can handle it. Can you?" I asked very confident of myself.

"Try me big boy", she said with a wink. "Don't mind if I do" was my reply as I walked towards her on the bed. I bent down and gave her a small kiss. She ran her tongue over my lips as I reached down and ran my hands softly over her nice breasts. 

I knelt down in front of her legs and pushed her flat on her back gently. Heather lifted her legs in the air, allowing me to slide her skirt off and set it on the floor. I grabbed her legs and spread them a little as I leaned forward, bent my head down and brethed in the scent of Heather's lovely pussy.

My dick twitched a little more after taking in her scent. I stuck out my tongue and ran it over Heather's lips slowly as she started writhing on the bed. I grabbed her waist and held her still as I ran my tongue over her clit back-and-forth. Heather took her hands and rubbed them through my hair as I sucked in and held her clit tightly in my mouth.

I held her clit in my mouth as I stuck out my tongue and slid it over and over on her clit. "Oh fuck yea! Mmmmmm suck my clit. Eat my fucking pussy! God yesssss!!!!" Heather encouraged me as I continued to pleasure her clit. 

Heather started grinding her pussy into my mouth, giving me more of her clit. Her pussy tasted great and her clit felt excellent on my tongue, but my dick was throbbing. I couldn't stand it any more. I needed to be inside her. I needed to be inside her NOW!

I took my mouth off her clit and stood up. I started stroking my dick as Heather watched me with a smile and started rubbing her clit. We each masturbated for eachother for a couple of seconds, until I couldn't stand it. "You want me to fuck you?", I asked as my dick stood out. "How'd you know?" she asked. "Lucky guess", I said as I climbed up on the bed.

Heather laid back and lifted her legs in the air as I kneeled over her. I kissed her softly on the lips and then lined up my dick with Heather's wet pussy. I slid it in slowly and felt her insides as Heather ran her fingers through my hair and whispered, "Fuck me. Fuck me hard" in my ear.

She didn't need to tell me twice as I started pumping my dick in her pussy a little faster. It felt great and her rubbing my body felt even better. I started rubbing Heather's long legs, loving their feel. Heather decided to take them away from me and wrap them around my back, allowing me greater access to her pussy.

I decided to make everything feel much better as I started pumping in and out of Heather very fast. Her insides felt fantastic as she was moaning my name and biting her lips. I was going faster and faster, loving every second of hearing her moan. It was music to my ears. 

I grabbed Heather's waist and held it very tightly as I started to pump into her very hard and fast. The sensation was unbelievable. It was of both pleasure and a little bit of pain as Heather started to claw my back with the encouragement of, "Oh oh, God yes. Fuck me harder! Fuck my pussy hard!"

I continued to pound her pussy as I said, "Yea, you like it? Does it feel good? Does my cock feel good?". "Mmmmm, fuck yea! It feels so good. Your cock feels so good. Ohhhhhh!"

Heather was moaning and moaning as I drove my dick so hard into her pussy, our sking slapping together was very audible. Her dirty talk was driving me mad and all it did was make me fuck her pussy faster and harder. My cock felt so good and I never wanted to stop fucking her, but I knew I would come pretty soon.

However, Heather beat me to it. As I continued to slam into her, I felt her entire body shake as she screamed "Ahhhhhhh shit!!!!! Fuuuuuuck!!!". Suddenly, I felt my cock get hit with a decent amount of Heather's cum.

I didnt' let that slow me down as I got on my knees a bit, allowing myself more leverage with which to fuck Heather. My eyes rolled back in my head as I rammed my cock in and out of her now very wet pussy. Her juices mixing in with my cock, made a nice squeeking noise. It also ensured that I was going to cum any second.

I didn't have to say anything. I looked into Heather's eyes with a somewhat spaced out look and she had a huge smile on her face. I knew she wanted me to cum on her and I wasn't going to let her down.

I pulled my cock out of her pussy and started stroking it faster and faster. Heather started egging me on, "Yea, c'mon baby. C'mon shoot that hot cum on me. I wanna taste it. Do it. Do it!" Her talk drove me over the top as I moaned loudly, "Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh". Suddenly, I shot out a huge wad of cum that landed right on Heather's right cheek. I shot out a couple more shots that landed on her chin and one that even landed in her beautiful blonde hair.

Heather took two of her fingers, scooped up some of my cum, and sucked it off into her mouth. It was so sexy watching her eat my cum. 

At this time, it struck me that I wanted to have her taste my cock. I wanted to feel her tongue run all over it. I couldn't believe that I didn't have her do this sooner. But, I had a chance now. I straddled Heather's chest, grabbed my cock, and scooped up some cum off her chin.

"Take a taste", I said as I presented my cock to her. She moaned as she stuck out her tongue and flicked it over my piss hole over and over, taking all of the cum. It felt so good. She continued to lick it a little even after the cum was off it. My dick was starting to get hard again as she was licking it.

"Mmmm, you can suck it if you want, babe" I said. "Ohh, I'm so sorry. I have to get going and finish my route. Can I take a raincheck?"

"Absolutely", was my reply as I gave her a soft kiss and got up. I helped Heather off the bed and handed her her skirt. She winked at me as she walked into the bathroom to wash up. 

After a few minutes, Heather walked out of the bathroom, looking exactly as she was when she first came in. She came up to me and wrapped her arms around my neck. We kissed very deeply for almost a minute as my hands ran over her ass and our tongues patrolled eachother's mouths. 

Then, she broke the kiss and said, "Sorry, I should be going. Oh wait, did you want to buy some magazines?"

"Uhhh, let me take a raincheck on that. Maybe next weekend?", I said with a wink. "It's a date!", Heather said with a wink as she gave me a small peck on the cheek and walked into the livingroom and out of the door.

As she left, my mind was racing. I was thinking about what just happend and how upset I was at the beginning. I had a smile on my face and said to myself, "Best damn day off I ever had!" as I walked into the bathroom to finish my shower and continue my day off.