 Last Year of High School. Continued

I finished my last story getting ready to go see Craig.

-

After getting home from school. I showered. Still pissed off at Ms. Mars. I fucked out three loads of cum and never got to enjoy one of them.

Tonight I'm getting as many as Craig can give me. I put on my tight short jean shorts. So tight I can't do the button up. My sleeveless polyester blouse tied up under my tits. Buttons undone so the side of my tit shows if I move just right. My nipples are erect from the material tormenting them. My shorts pulled up so my ass cheeks peek when I walk in my platform sandals, giving me a natural wiggle. My hair in pony tails. A quick spray of Channel #5 and I'm ready to go down for supper.

Sausage and mashed potatoes. My favorite. Mommy and I play with our food. We take the sausage and see which one of us can swallow it deeper. Tonight I took a spoonful of potatoes and then took the sausage like a cock and began fucking my mouth and throat causing the runny potatoes to spill out like cum on my chin.

Daddy clapped his hands, as I scooped the potatoes back in my mouth smiling.

"We have a winner. Are you staying home tonight? You could practice your skills with me." Daddy suggested.

"Sorry. I'm going to visit Craig tonight. He designed a game after me. I promised him." I said sadly.

I hate to say no to Daddy.

"They changed the dress code at school for all 18 year old's. As long as the emblem is on the front. We can wear anything we want. Mommy can you help me put an emblem on the pink pant suit we wore to the cancer benefit?"

"The one we got matching? We looked so good in that. Yes I will work on it for you tonight."

I got up. Gave Mommy a kiss, went over to Daddy gave him a hug, making sure he got a good feel of my ripe titties and left.

Craig lives about 2 blocks away. Mr green was out mowing his lawn when I walked by. He gave a big wave and smile. I stopped faced him and bent over to do up my sandal, giving him a full view of my tits as they almost popped out. I love to show my body to middle aged men knowing they will be thinking of me when they fuck their wives.

I rang the door bell ready to fuck any cock in my path. I was so horny and hungry for cum. Mrs. Moore answered and called for Craig. "What are you kids studying tonight." She asked.

"Craig is going to help me with my computer science, and I'm going to help him be more confident around girls. It's a win win."

"Your such a good friend to him. If he can keep his composure around you dressed like that. He should be able to talk to any girl. Should I be chaperoning?" She asked smiling.

"I think we can mange." as Craig came downstairs.

"Take this plate of milk and cookies with you." She told Craig.

"Mom. We are not 10." Craig complained embarrassed.

"Awe! Thank you Mrs. Moore." Picking them up and walking up stairs.

Craig sits at his computer and turns the game on. I'm in the middle of 5 guys blowing each one with a black strapless dress and stockings on. My dress and stockings and are covered in spit. I take their cum one by one on my face and dress. Squeezing every last drop out.

I wiggle out of my shorts as Craig explains that in order for me to get super powers I need to eat cum from 18 to 25 year old men. I finger my horny cunt as I sip on the milk.

"I love it" leaning over him, biting his neck.

He turns around to see me fingering my cunt. Reaches out for my tits and grabs them roughly. I moan as he fumbles with my tits. I drink the rest of my milk. Standing him up. I pull his pants down surprised at the size of his throbbing cock.

We walk to the bed. I lay him down. Straddle my cunt over his face while take his cock in my hand and nibble the head before taking it in my mouth. Take him deep causing me to slobber on him. Up and down sucking as I do. Wanting his load deep in my throat. He has found my button and is sucking as I cum on his face. My spasm causes me to grip tighter as his first shot hits my throat. I hungrily swallow as the next shot fills my mouth. I open my mouth as he jerks and moans while I squeeze the last drop out, lapping it up like a thirsty dog.

He lays there panting as I sit down on his cock before it starts to soften. Milking his cock with my contacting cunt, I smile at him. His cock fills my young cunt and I'm in heaven as he squirms under me.

"This time I want you to make love to me. I don't want you to just fuck me." I whispered.

He nodded his head wide eyed. He then kissed my shoulder taking my blouse off as he kissed my ripe breasts. Taking my erect nipples in his mouth causing my to gyrate on his cock, as it began to harden again. I slipped off him laying on the bed as he worked his way down to my cum drenched cunt. Licking around taking my juices in.

He continued down my legs to my toes sucking each one before coming up the other. I was sucking my fingers as he was making me wanting his cock in me like I've never wanted cock before. He got back to my leaking pussy and gently teased me with his tongue while pushing his fingers in me and pumping me with his hand.

Arching up to him. I screamed in orgasm as he picked me up turned me around. Running his cock down the crack of my ass he pushed in slowly filling me up with his cock. I sighed as he pulled out to the tip and banged me hard holding onto my pigtails and doggy fucking me with passion.

He stopped. Pulled out. I looked at him with a frown as he laid me on my back and pulled my legs over his shoulder and entered again slowly. My body tingling as he stood over me. Pushing deep filling me with his big cock. My eyes widen as he speeds up pushing me down as he plunges my saturated cunt fucking me like a machine.

My cunt tightens around his cock as I see a glazed look come over him. He spasms as his cock releases another load of his thick warm cum. He collapses over me as I shake in uncontrollable orgasm.

Craig rolls over trying to pull out.

"No don't. Stay in. Just cuddle me." As I lock my legs around him.

He holds me as I snuggle into him. Kissing his ear lobe and shoulder. Craig drifts off to sleep, as I think to myself. This is the best sex I have ever had. I wonder where he learned to give pleasure like that. I decided that my new boyfriend was going to be very popular after I share his talents with the rest of the girls.

Craig stirs as I feel his cock getting hard in me again. God I love his ability to keep it up for me. 

I rock back and forth on his semi hard cock.

"Baby. I have to go soon, but can you give one more taste of your special love juice before I go?" 

I loosened my grip and allowed him to pull out, as I took the other glass of milk. Drank it down and kissed his belly button tonguing it. Taking his pubic hair in my teeth tugging gently. I felt his cock twitch against my ear as I continued to his balls. Massaging them with my mouth.

The palm of my hand rubbing his moist head and sliding down his beautiful shaft. His balls smell and taste so awesome. I slurp up his shaft, nibbling the veins on the side as I work up to the head.

I stop. Put my index finger in my mouth. Smiling. I take the head of his cock in my mouth. Circling under it with my tongue, as I slide my finger down the crack of his ass. Toying his but hole. I take him deep humming as his head pushes against my throat.

He arches up forcing it past my gag reflex. With my nose buried in his thick hair saturated with my dry cunt cream. I savour the moment before pulling up with my spit running down his cock, to his ass.

I pump my mouth up and down fast as I jerk with my free hand. Still massaging his but hole with the other.

I hear him moan and know he is close to giving me my reward. I suck hard on his head. His body jerks. As his cock releases, I poke my finger in his ass. 

"FUCK." He yells. With another upward jerk dumping another spurt in my mouth.

I suck til his cock goes soft, wanting every bit of his sweet salty seed

As I get dressed wiggling into my tight shorts. He leans over to get one last suck of my still hard nipple.

"You are my dream girl." He confidently tells me.

"Baby. I think I love you. Not just your cock but the whole package. I'm going to tell everybody how good you are in bed. Don't be surprised if you become very popular." Kissing him deep on the mouth.

Walking home feeling bad about saying no to Daddy. I bumped into Mr. Green walking his dog. The dog sniffing my crotch. Must have smelled my sex with Craig.

"Stop that!" Mr. Green yelled pulling his leash hard.

I giggled as Mr. Green starred at my half exposed tits. I love when men lust for me.

"Going home from a date?" He inquired.

Trying not to be obvious with his eyes. 

"Kind of. It was a study date that turned into a fun time."

"What are you doing after high school? He asked.

"Going to study psychology. Going to be a sex therapist." Smiling at his eyes widening.

"I am a psychologist." He mumbled. Trying to get a better look at my tits.

"Do you think I could come by your office for an informational interview sometime?" Shifting to give him a better view.

"Well yes sure of course."

"How about tomorrow after school? Around 4?"

"I'll keep it open." He responded.

I walked away. Pronouncing my wiggle as I felt his eyes locked on my ass and legs. Looking over my shoulder and waving. I thought. I can't leave this guy like this. Turned around.. Took him by the hand. Led him to a shrub. Knelt down. Undid his pants and took his hard cock out. Licking down the shaft. 

He hesitantly, put his hand in my blouse. I took him deep and groaned as he squeezed my tits. I began sucking him fast and slobbering on his cock. Jerking and sucking hard. I wanted his cum fast, so I could get home and apologize to Daddy for teasing him at supper.

I felt him tense and knew he was close. I wrapped my lips on his head and massaged his tight balls. His first blast caught me by surprise as it hit my throat. I gagged and spit when the second one hit my chest soaking my blouse. I recovered in time to get the last of his juice in my mouth. II sucked him dry. Cleaned my chest. Licking my hand clean. I smiled. 

Got up and went home.