 You came to my little house deep in the woods for a massage...the first you said you had ever had. 

I was not prepared for the man who arrived.

My panties got wet the moment you walked in, and I wanted to mount you right then.

Your face was excited, and your lips needed kissing. I was hungry to fuck you and did not know how I could step over the line from professional therapist to woman in need. Did not know what would offend you or insult you...or perhaps even chase you away.

I managed to control myself for the first ten or fifteen minutes, but it took a lot of work and mind control.

You were lying face down, totally nude, and I could see your balls and your beautiful, huge cock lying on the table between your legs.

I worked first on your head and neck, doing my best to disguise accidentally rubbing my titties across your skin. Even beneath my loose blouse, my nipples were erect and wanted your mouth on them. My skin ached for your touch, your sucking, your lips.

I stood at the side of the table and began rubbing your back, from your ass to your shoulders, and with each upstroke my clit and my cunt moved in against the table and rubbed against your fingers stretched out at your side. I was certain I felt your fingers feel for my cunt as I rubbed more lotion on your ass and stood in one spot. Was it really happening? Could you possibly feel the electricity in my body and my willingness to spread my legs for you?

Oh, yes. You did it again...and again...and I pushed in closer, spreading my legs a bit more to let you play with my cunt ...first through my short skirt..and then I lifted it to allow you to play through my panties. I rubbed your ass with more lotion and let my hand slip down to the head of your cock. He was so swollen, and pre-cum dripped onto my fingers. I licked it off. I loved your taste.

While I stroked your cock and played with your ass, your fingers pulled my panties to the side and found their way into my cunt.

I had to stay there for a moment. The way you touched me was intoxicating. You knew right where my clit was, and you stroked it so lovingly, with all the talent of an experienced lover. I moved in closer, and your finger went again and again right into my cunt. I sucked in my breath, and knew I had crossed way over the line. 

I no longer cared if you received a massage. I know longer cared about anything. I need to suck your cock, and I wanted you to suck my clit. I wanted to feel that huge cock inside of me for the rest of the day.

I stepped to the head of the table and whispered into your ear, "I need you to turn over for me, please. And scoot down."

You seemed a bit disgruntled and disappointed, as though I was going to put a stop to the play. But when you turned completely over onto your back, you smiled. I had removed my skirt and my blouse. My titties hung freely over your face, and I placed one in your mouth. You sucked softly, kissing my nipples and burying your face between them both.

I loved hearing your sighs of contentment, and loved watching your cock grow ever larger, searching for me. First, let me taste. I had to pull my titties out of your mouth, but it was worth it to slide my lips over the head of your cock and suck. I loved sucking you...you knew that right away. You groaned and fucked my mouth, while your hand went back inside my panties to find my cunt and my clit.

It seemed as though we had been lovers for years! Every stroke, every movement seemed choreographed and practiced. 

I took my mouth off your cock and asked you to follow me into my bedroom. I think you almost beat me there! Didn't have to ask you twice, did I? You slowly pulled my panties off from behind me, teasing my clit with your fingers, and lifted me up on the bed. I started to take over and you put your finger to your lips. "Shhhhhhhh," you said. "First let me kiss that mouth that just sucked my cock. I have to taste your mouth!"

You kissed me long and hard, with lots of tongue, and sweet, sweet spit. Then you moved your mouth to my titties to suck, and kissed my belly, my cunt hair, and used your tongue to spread my cunt lips.

Oh, shit! Your mouth was sucking my clit, your tongue probed my cunt. I let you suck me softly and kiss my clit for what seemed like the longest time till I exploded with cum in your mouth, and I screamed your name while I grabbed your hair. When I finally settled down, you flipped me over onto my tummy, raised my ass in the air, and parted my cunt lips again -- but this time to fuck me with your cock. How big you were! How hard! And so needy. You placed both your hands on my ass and pulled me in to you. I pushed hard and fucked you like a whore who knows her work. You shot your cum deep into my cunt, pushing my head into the pillows. You collapsed on top of me and pulled me into spoons, your legs wrapped around my legs and your arms holding me tightly.

We fell asleep in my bed.