 I felt so lonely I could die, my husband was back at home and I had flown to Sydney to attend a wedding. My nephew was getting married on the weekend and Chris couldn't make the wedding due to work commitments. 

I had arranged a hotel room at the Park Royal which is a stones throw from the harbour bridge. The hotel is a great place to stay as it's so close to the city, the lights of the city reflect off the water at night and the ferries moving in and out of Circular Quay is great to watch from my room. Makes you wonder where all those people are going.

But, I was lonely, and I rang home to hear a familiar voice and to make me feel better, but it just made me feel homesick, and I'd only just landed in town today. Flicking through the brochures in the room there didn't really seem to be much to attract a person that was alone.

"I've got to get over this" I told myself as I showered and slipped into some jeans and a t-shirt, not worrying about a bra. Walking past the receptionists I headed out the front doors and walked toward an old part of Sydney, The Rocks. It was a warm evening and I enjoyed the breeze against my skin as I walked.

I walked around for quite a while and was surprised to see the amount of tourist shops there. But I widow shopped and as the sun was going down I decided that I'd find a bar and have a few drinks before going back to the hotel.

I'm not really the sort of person that likes pubs that are overtly trendy and found an older looking pub that had a few locals there; I had to laugh at its name 'Phillips Foot', what a name for a pub! I ordered a red wine and sat at a table and started to read a local newspaper.  

Before I knew it the bar was full with people having drinks before going out I surmised. Then a bus load of people came in as well, it was getting really cramped.

I could feel someone close to me, that sixth sense I guess, and behind me there were a group of people talking. Obviously friends and the men all dressed in suits and their female partners dressed in formally. 

I was about to take a sip of my wine when one of the people behind me bumped my chair and I spilt some wine on my T-shirt. I looked around as I did a woman in her late thirties turned and put her hand on my shoulder and apologized. She could see that my shirt had a red stain and she pushed her way past a guy and came to my side.

She crouched down facing toward me and said as she reached into her bag, "I'm so sorry, it's so crowded in here. I ....." pausing for a moment while pulling out a pack of wet wipes. "I'll clean that up for you". I told her that it was OK and that I was leaving soon anyway. She reached over with a wipe and started to wipe at my top. She introduced herself as Penny and was making small talk about that she was with a group of people that had been to a wedding and a bus had been provided to take the guests back to the suburbs. 

Although I was listening I couldn't help but notice her breasts jiggling with each movement of her hand. This movement was accentuated by the sheen of her loose white blouse.

A guy had brushed past her and her other hand reached my thigh as she tried to regain her balance as she too was bumped from behind. Meanwhile she kept rubbing the fabric and her wiping and dabbing was having an effect on my nipples. I looked down to see that there was a spot of red wine right on my left nipple. 

She gave my nipple a quick wipe, which made my nipple stand proud. And I must have moaned. Her eyes met mine and we just sat there staring at each other. Then she said "Why don't we clean this up in the bathroom" I nodded in agreement and we both got up and headed toward the 'ladies'.

There were a few women in there talking and Penny reached into her bag for another wet wipe. I turned to face her and she took slow long wipes at my nipple. The other women left and I closed my eyes and put my head to one side, enjoying the attention to my hard nipple. Then I felt her mouth surround my nipple and her teeth gently clamped down on it. I reached her face a held it to me. 

I was getting turned on and was thinking how naughty this was. Then the door opened and it was one of her fiends who gasped at the sight and said "God Penny, take it somewhere else" as she walked into one of the stalls, shaking her head in disgust.

Penny and I broke into a fit of laughter and she joked that "we were going to go to a hotel and make love all night". This was really just a comment to wind up the woman in the stall. As we walked back into the bar area, I stopped her and told her that I was staying at the Park Royal and suggested that we head back to my hotel. "I was only joking" she said as she gulped. "Oh, I thought you were trying to pick me up, what a shame". 

A lot happened in the ensuing minutes, we ended up leaving the wedding party and went to another bar where we sat and talked and we got on really well together. Penny was one of those friendly people that are and very confident. We did end up going back to my room, a little tipsy too.

As I opened the door to my room she walked in past me and went to the window to admire the view. I closed the door and leant against it and was admiring my own, her.

She was wearing a white silk blouse that was loose fitting and tucked into a ruby red, fitted skirt that stopped just below the knees, I was envious of her skirt because having auburn hair red clashes and I can't wear red. Her legs were covered by black stockings and she had black court shoes that were about two inches high in the heels. Penny had her hair up and her exposed skin on her neck looked soft and smooth.

I walked up behind her and put my arms around her waist, and kissed her on the back of the neck. This made her respond by pushing her arse back toward me and we ground at each others bodies.

Her perfume smelt lovely and excited me; I reached up to caress her breasts and was rewarded by her letting out a big sigh as she leaned her head back and against my shoulder. I started to undo her blouse buttons exploring the exposed skin with each button. Penny kept grinding her arse into my pubic bone and as I pulled her shirt of she turned toward me. 

Her smile was no more than a wry grin, we kissed and as out tongues met in that unknown place, the heat between us was building. She was breathing heavily through her nose and I reached behind her and unclasped her bra, I managed to remove it while we kissed and then I bent to take one nipple in my hand and the other in my mouth.

I would tweak one while running rings around the other and the alternate. I love this when it's done to me and she was running her hands through my hair. I was getting so worked up; I had to have more of her. I stood back from her and took my clothes of at lighting pace. She did the same I stood there watching her taking off her skirt and was greeted with a neatly trimmed pussy. I reached out my hands and she walked toward me I took her hands and fell backwards onto the bed. 

She kissed me and I ran my hands all over her body. Penny pushed her legs both side of mine and walked on her knees over my body until she positioned her pussy right above my mouth. I could smell her wonderful scent and reached up to give her clit a little rub, Penny was absolutely dripping, and I was rewarded by a couple of drops of her dew falling onto my chin. She put her arms out in front of her and pushed down onto my mouth.

I ran my tongue up and down her slit licking in her moistness and every time my tongue ran over her clit she shuddered. I could tell how close to cumming she was so I put my tongue into her and fucked her with it. She was bouncing up and down on it and I thought it was time to pay her clit some attention, sucking it into my mouth and was running my tongue in circles around her bumpy bit.

Penny was rocking back and forth on my mouth and her moaning was becoming more intense, faster and faster and then she gripped the covers and pushed down on my moth with such force I feared she would suffocate me.

But I kept up my tongue action going and she screamed, out "OH FUUCKKKK".

Her thighs were quivering on my face and I was so horny I wanted to eat her again. But she was obviously too sensitive and climbed off me and curled up in a fetal position, her breath labouring.   She looked cute and her quivering thighs were settling. I guess if I was a man, I would be happy with the results of my actions, but, I was so turned on I wanted some loving too.

I pouted my lips at her and reached down to rub my clit. Penny lay there watching, and with a determined look on her face crawled over the top of me until we were in the beloved 69 position.

She pulled my hand away and replaced it with hers. She worked wonders on my clit, and then I felt her finger at my entrance. She inserted a couple of fingers and preceded to finger fuck me. I tried to lick her clit again but couldn't concentrate because of what she was doing to me. 

Then Penny lowered her head, her hair falling over my hips, which added to the feeling of erotica and she started noisily slurping at my clit, still fucking me with her fingers. All I could do was lay back trying to arch my back, her weight on me too great, as I felt my orgasm building. It was almost as if it was building up below my ribs and working its way down to between my legs.

And then it hit, oh fuck, fuck, its happening, oohhh ohhh. And my body bucked and shuddered. My head lifting off the bed and I slammed my face into her wet dripping flesh, while I convulsed. I was spent. I had to rest. We rolled about on the bed until we were facing each other. We cuddled and caressed each other, almost dozing.

Unlike having sex with a man we actually talked, that's right girls! We talked about how many female/female experiences we each had. And recounted our day together from the time of meeting to now. 

We continued caressing each other and ended up in a sizor position humping our pussies together until we both came again, our bodies covered in sweat and sex juices. Penny is a great lover who is attentive to my needs and satisfies her own as well.  Sure beats being alone in a big city. Penny and I have been close friends since, I hope it remains so.