 Our last night of celebration, CJ gets what she needs and cuckolds husband.

We spent the afternoon strolling through the mall shops across from the casino. CJ asked me to wait in the mall as she wandered into a lingerie shop. Eventually, she came out carrying a small bag with her purchases. I was excited as I asked what she purchased. She tauntingly smiled as she handed me the pink and white striped bag to carry and replied that I would have to wait to see what was in the bag. 

We came upon a shoe store and she couldn't resist going in to just look around. A young college-age man came to assist her and she tried on several high-heel shoes. CJ would bend forward to examine the shoes and talk with the young man as he sat on a low stool in front of her. I could see down CJ's blouse and I became aroused as I noticed her black lace bra was clearly visible, as well as the tops of her firm breasts. I wondered if CJ was teasing the young man and I got my answer when the young man reappeared with more shoes and his slacks did little to conceal his growing erection. 

I suspected CJ had also noticed the young man's apparent arousal, then she looked at me and her eyebrows raised to show her surprise. She smiled naughtily as the young man again sat back on the stool in front of her to help her try on the high-heel shoes. She smiled teasingly at me then winked as she bent to look at the latest shoes the young man had retrieved from the back room. 

As she leaned forward to examine the shoe her blouse fell open and the tops of her breasts were exposed once again. She looked up and made eye contact with the young man who shamelessly gazed at her exposed breast. 

I noticed a silver necklace as it dangled from her neck, but I didn't recognize the silver key pendant hanging from it and I wondered if it was new. The young man also noticed the key and smiled at CJ knowingly. CJ, eventually, purchased two pairs of heels and she shyly smiled at the young man as she thanked him for his help. CJ took my arm as we walked out of the store and she started to giggle as she excitedly asked, "You think I made his day? Oh my god...did you see his boner?" 

Finally, we made our way back to our room and I prepared each of us a bourbon and Coke, then I settled back to relax after spending an exhausting afternoon shopping with CJ. She was excited and wanted me to open the anniversary gift she had gotten me. She presented me with a small exquisitely wrapped box. She was excited and I knew it was something she gave a lot of thought to before she bought it. 

I smiled as I unwrapped and opened the box. I pulled out a clear cock-shaped synthetic object and looked at it with considerable confusion and asked, "What is it?" 

CJ took it from me and excitedly said, "It's a chastity cage. This model was recommended to me and the staff was very helpful in helping me select the proper size, it's the latest version of the Holy Trainer model." "The staff even guided me to their videos on how to put it on." I couldn't help but wonder who had 'recommended' such a devious device to her. 

She took the necklace from her neck and inserted the key into the side then with a slight twist slipped the lock out and pulled the two pieces apart. She was excited as she started to explain, "Your balls and dick fit through this ring and the cage slips over your dick and you lock the two pieces together." 

I had doubts and uncertainty as my curiosity and anxiety peaked, then she gave me her sweet pouty smile and pleadingly asked, "Come on, baby, just give it a try for tonight... please... it will be fun." She stood and retrieved our lube from our luggage and knelt between my legs. She spoke excitedly, "I watched a few videos and it looks like it goes on easily." She laughed then added, "At least in the videos." 

She giggled at her comment as she proceeded to gently pull my scrotum through the ring even as I expressed my concerns. Once my balls popped through the ring she bent my dick and forced it through the ring. She drizzled a little lube inside the cage and, with her finger, she smeared it around, being careful to get the inside generously coated. 

My dick continued to grow as she rubbed lube on it and she told me to just relax or I would need an ice bag to make the swelling go down. The cage fit snugly as it slid onto my dick and I wondered what it would feel like once I was completely hard. Given its size, I wondered if I would even be able to get an erection. CJ pushed the two pieces together and once the two pieces were aligned she slipped the lock in place and turned the key. 

She smiled coyly as she placed the key necklace back around her neck and assured me, "I'll keep the key right here where it will be safe and secure...just like your little man." She chuckled as she patted the synthetic cage and stood as she said, "We better start to get ready for this evening, and don't forget we're supposed to meet Charles and Matt in the lounge around eight." 

CJ spent considerable time in the bathroom showering and preparing for our evening in the lounge. When she finally emerged wearing only her makeup, the sun had just begun to set over the mountains and the lights from the rooms in the tower across from us started to come on. She looked stunning, with the tips of her blonde hair curved inward, barely touching her distinctive jawline. I noticed she had also shaved the stubble around her now-bare pubic mound. 

I finished dressing and sat back to watch her dress, which always aroused me. I felt my dick grow and I began to feel constrained inside the synthetic cage. She removed her new purchases from the lingerie store from the bag and held each piece up to examine them, but I think the show was more for my benefit, or as I was soon to find out, the agonizing discomfort as the cage pulled on my balls as my dick grew. She looked at me and asked, "Do you want to help me decide what to wear tonight?" I quickly arose from my chair. 

The new lingerie consisted of a pair of nude-colored thong panties with light tan stockings with a dark seam that continued up the back finally ending at a wide lace band around the top. She knew how much I preferred the retro look when it came to stockings. She slowly pulled the stockings up her legs and bent to straighten the seam. She slipped on the garters and again bent to fasten the straps to the lace band of the stockings. I groaned in discomfort as I admired the tan line and her stunning pale ass framed in the garter and stockings. 

Next came her new beige thong panties that left her ass bare except for the thin narrow strip that nearly disappeared between her well-defined cheeks. She pulled a leather mini skirt from the hanger and as she slipped it on I noticed that it came only to mid-thigh and I imagined Charles and Matt, as well as others in the lounge, would see her panties and her petite ass before the night was over. She slipped an iridescent scooped-neck blouse over her head and I asked, "Aren't you going to wear a bra with that blouse?" 

She gave me a displeased smile as she laughed, then bent over and sarcastically asked, "How much of my tits can you see?" 

I looked bewildered as I answered, "Pretty much all of them." 

She stood and smiled at me and replied, "Good. That should keep your interest all night." 

I smirked as I said, "And Charles also. You even said he expects you to fuck him." She shrugged her shoulders and smiled teasingly as she retrieved her new shoes from the bag. She slipped on the new four-inch leopard print heels that she purchased earlier that afternoon. The shoes made her look several inches taller and when she was finished she looked gorgeous and I knew she would get a lot of well-deserved attention in the lounge. 

The evening crowd had just started to meander into the lounge and we were lucky enough to find a tall table all to ourselves. The waitress appeared and CJ ordered her usual Chardonnay and I ordered my favorite, Maker's Mark Kentucky bourbon over ice. We had almost finished our drinks when the waitress brought us another round and pointed to a black gentleman standing at the end of the bar, the same man that had flirted with CJ the night before. CJ held her glass out to him and mouthed the words "Thank you" as she motioned to the empty stool beside her. 

The well-dressed man confidently walked to our table and I was surprised as CJ stood and hugged him as she kissed his cheek and thanked him again for the drinks. He took the seat next to CJ and they spoke cordially for several minutes before she introduced me, "Oh excuse me...Marcus, this is my husband, Jon." He firmly shook my hand, letting me know he was the superior man and confirmed that CJ looked stunning. 

We were almost finished with our drinks when Marcus motioned for the waitress to bring another round. Marcus asked CJ if she would like to dance and she excitedly accepted his invitation. They looked good dancing together as a couple and I sensed my arousal increase and was quickly reminded of the cage that held my dick captive. They danced through several songs including a few slow songs where he held her tight against him. As they returned to our table she held his arm and they flirted like good friends. 

I excused myself to go to the restroom and quickly realized the bourbon had taken its effect. I decided to step out on the boardwalk to get some fresh air when I ran into Charles and Matt on their way to the lounge. They asked about CJ and I told them she was in the lounge talking to Marcus.

Charles seemed to be quite annoyed that she was talking to another man. 

We said our goodbyes and as they left I asked them to let CJ know I would be outside getting some fresh air and might play some craps or blackjack to clear my head a bit. Charles arrogantly smirked as he assured me he would keep an eye on CJ and take care of her. 

I went to a casino bar not far from the lounge entrance and ordered a beer. I played video poker as I waited to see if CJ would leave with Charles again. I was feeling pretty relaxed when I noticed CJ and Marcus slip out of the lounge. CJ subtly looked around as if looking for me. She looked directly at me but made no indication she saw me sitting at the crowded bar. I was unsure if she even noticed me as I sat at the bar and played video poker. 

I quickly finished my drink as I followed them to the parking garage where they paused between two large SUVs. CJ looked around once more before turning to Marcus and their passion grew as their lips met and the kiss seemed to go on forever. I heard the beep of a car unlocking and saw the flash of the taillights on the black Escalade next to them. Eventually, their kiss broke and Marcus opened the door of the luxury SUV and I noticed his conqueror's smile as he followed CJ into the back seat. I heard the low hum of the sunroof opening. It was a cool night so I assumed they were trying to get cooler air inside, but it also allowed me to faintly make out their suggestive conversation. 

I moved quietly between parked cars as I crept closer in the dimly lighted parking garage. With the tinted windows, I was only able to make out their faint silhouettes inside the dark SUV. I secretively watched as they kissed and I could barely make out a few words of what they were saying but by the few words I could make out and the tone of his voice, I suspected he was urging her to suck his cock. 

I watched as his hand guided CJ's head lower and I saw his head lay back on the headrest. I could barely make out his words as he told her she was a good cock sucker. After what seemed like an eternity I heard him moan loud and watched as his body convulsed and I knew he was probably filling her mouth with his black seed. I could hear CJ's moaning and I became more aroused as I heard her gag a few times and I envisioned his thick black cock filling her mouth as he held her head down. 

Her head appeared once again and I watched her wipe off her mouth with the back of her hand and I was then fairly certain he had cum in her mouth. I crept even closer and I could make out her arm movements as she slowly stroked his cock. I heard a car approaching and noticed a casino security car making their rounds in the parking garage and I decided to make my way back to the casino. I felt dejected as I walked off, and as I looked back I watched the large black security guard tap on the SUV window. 

I wandered through the casino and played some video poker at the bar as I waited for CJ's return. The waiting seemed like an eternity. She eventually walked back in alone and made her way to the lounge. I decide to go to the lounge and find her, not knowing what I was going to do or say, but I knew I could not let her know that I watched her give Marcus a blow job in the parking garage and I wondered, 'Why the parking garage?' 

I finally spotted CJ sitting at a tall table with Charles. She spotted me and stood as I approached and after a short kiss she asked where I had been and that she had gotten worried and looked all over for me. It was obvious that she had a lot to drink as she leaned into me and whispered, "I saw you follow Marcus and me to the parking garage and hoped you would watch, but then that security guard interrupted us and told us he ran you off and of course he expected a reward." Her kiss lingered longer than usual and as we broke from the kiss she slyly smiled. 

CJ eventually became annoyed with Charles' possessive and aggressive demeanor and we said our goodbyes to a very displeased and disappointed Charles. We decided to wander back out into the casino to try our luck at some gambling. 

We were seated at the casino bar playing video poker and drinking free beer when she noticed Jerry, the young salesman from the shoe store, and his friend. CJ waved to them and they joined us at the bar. Jerry introduced CJ and myself to his friend Booker. CJ told me to order them a drink for being so helpful earlier. CJ looked at me when the drinks arrived and smiled sweetly as she told me, "Make sure you tip him good," then winked at the bartender. 

We learned that the two young men played basketball for the University of Nevada in Las Vegas and were provided jobs by some of the casinos while the school was out for summer break. They liked the Laughlin hotels because they were near the recreational party towns and beaches along the Colorado River, but especially all the 'cougars' that came to Laughlin looking to hook up with younger men. The two men finished their drinks and said their goodbyes, then left to cruise other casinos and lounges. 

CJ teasingly told me if I had not been there she would have most likely fucked both of them. I asked her why it would matter if I was with her and that if she wanted to fuck them then she should just go for it. She looked at me with uncertainty then curiously asked, "Are you sure...you really wouldn't mind If I fucked them?" 

Not long after, we ran into them again in another casino lounge further down the boardwalk and they invited us to join them. CJ danced with both of the young men. At first they took turns dancing with her but as the drinks and the night carried on they both danced with her at the same time. The three of them would talk quietly and I noticed that both young men took liberties with CJ as they pressed their bodies against her as they danced. 

They returned from dancing and CJ told me she was going to the restroom and to buy four beers and meet her at the door going out to the boardwalk. Jerry and Booker took their beers and we left to go wait for CJ. 

The four of us strolled down the boardwalk and as we neared our hotel, CJ lightly took my arm and held me back. She cheekily grinned as she softly whispered, "I know what you can give me for an anniversary present." She pleadingly smiled at me as she looked at me questionably. I took her in my arms and hugged her as I said, "Anything you want. Tell me what it is." 

She coyly smiled and I noticed the early stages of her cum-face and I knew she was sexually aroused. She stood on her tiptoes and whispered in my ear, "I want Jerry and Booker..." She lightly kissed my ear as she waited for my response and with her pouty face quietly whispered, "Please..." 

My breathing rapidly increased and the cage grew tighter as my dick swelled. I looked her in the eyes and asked, "Do you want to invite them up to our room?" 

CJ smiled happily as she nervously nodded and replied, "I want you to ask them." 

I looked into her eyes and I sensed her lustful desire at that moment. My anxiety grew as the feelings of jealousy came first then came the intense sexual excitement. I kissed her delicately on the lips and then slowly nodded. I wondered where our life together and our relationship would lead us after this weekend. CJ was excited as she took my hand and hurried to catch up with Jerry and Booker. 

The four of us walked along the boardwalk and eventually came to our hotel/casino and paused for a few moments before CJ told them, "Well...this is our hotel." 

She paused as she glanced at me and our eyes held each other's, then she slightly shrugged her shoulders and nodded as I looked into her eyes, then asked, "Would you guys like to come up to our room for a bit?" My heart pounded as we waited for their answer. They both look at me with uncertainty and CJ patted my cock cage and told them I would only be a spectator and they should not be concerned with me. 

She smiled with excitement as she toyed with the key on her necklace and told them about my cock cage she had given me as an anniversary gift earlier that afternoon and that I had been locked up ever since. CJ looked into my eyes, but she spoke to them, "You don't have to worry about Jon. He is not gay or bisexual." I stood silently as I felt some relief from the humiliation that CJ had told the two young men about my caged dick. 

CJ kissed me passionately and I could feel her excitement and as our lips parted she continued to look into my eyes as the two men eagerly accepted our offer. As we entered the casino CJ told me to go to the bar and get four more beers, and they walked off arm in arm towards the elevators that led up to our room. I watched as CJ shamelessly handed Booker her room key. CJ looked back at me and mouthed a kiss and my anxiety peaked as I watched the elevator doors close. To any observers, it would have been apparent where their night was going. 

I lightly knocked on our room door. As Jerry opened the door I saw CJ engaged in a passionate kiss with Booker and my angst, as well as my jealousy, grew as I noticed his hand under her top and I could make out small movements. I recalled how she had earlier declined to wear a bra and my discomfort increased as I realized he was caressing her bare breast. 

Once in the room she noticed me and broke from the kiss and she anxiously looked at me. Her hips seductively swayed as she slowly...sensuously walked to me. I could tell by her flushed cum-face that she was extremely aroused. She rose up onto her toes and gave me a very passionate kiss and I

softly moaned as her tongue slipped into my mouth. As our kiss broke she leaned into me and whispered, "I think you should sit in the chair and just be quiet and watch. If you can't do that then you should probably leave because I really need to get fucked." 

We were reminded of their presence when Jerry asked to see my chastity cage. She laughed and told me to strip. I looked at her with astonishment as I asked, "Really...You are going to make me do this?" 

As she walked back to Booker she flippantly said, "Yes...now get naked so Jerry and Booker can see how I caged your dick." She leaned into Booker and stroked his cock and asked, "Now where were we?" 

Jerry walked up behind her, and as if they had done this many times before, they pulled her blouse up over her head and she lowered her gaze submissively. Booker moaned as he gazed at her small bare breasts. Booker tossed her top to me, then started to hurriedly unbutton his shirt which was quickly tossed aside. CJ moaned as Jerry kissed her neck and his hands looked huge as he cupped her small breasts. My arousal grew as I heard CJ's soft whimpers as Jerry pinched her sensitive nipples. Booker pulled her with him as he walked backward to the bed as they continued their extended kiss. 
