 I’d really only talked with her a couple times before that night. Her name was a Alyssa, I knew that much. And she was Jewish. Other than that, she was an unknown to me. I was pretty sure she was Freshman, but she could have very easily been a Sophomore. And she had to have been 18 or 19, but I was unclear of any rock-solid facts. She was cute. Not normally my type. But cute never-the-less. Her skin was very pale, and her hair was brown and frizzy. She didn’t wear it big like Streisand or anything, keeping it tied back in a loose pony-tail. Her nose was the standard-issue Jewish nose. No offense to any Jewish folks reading, mind you. She was mousy. A book-wormish type. If you passed her on the street, you might not even give her a second glance. But there was a sexiness about her, that, when you see it, makes you want to do nothing but fuck the glasses right off her nose. Her body was spot-on perfect. Petite, with some padding packed tightly into a small frame. Nice, full ass with matching supple breasts. A tight, faded cotton t-shirt from some Jewish summer camp she must’ve gone to a few years back clung tightly to her frame, and those wonderful breasts looked like trophies jutting out from her small body. The shirt had shrunk some in the laundry over the years, and her little semi-flat cottony stomach peeked out from underneath. She wore your standard college-girl flannel lounge pants that all college girls wear, giving them the look like they’d just come from a big slumber party Her feet were bare and her the little toe-nails on her stubby little toes were painted a girly pink color. And I couldn’t help but notice she was clutching a half-empty bottle of that cheap fruit-punch Kool-Aid wine girls like to drink in her right hand. When I saw her standing outside my door that Thursday night, I no longer gave two shits if I made it to the bar to hook up with some ditzy college co-ed like I’d planned. I wanted her.

Alyssa began by saying that we’d been living next to each other for so long and the fact that we didn’t know each other at all was a crime. I didn’t realize we’d been living next to each other for so long, but I went along with it. She stood real close to me, and I could smell the wine on her heavy, slow breathes. She looked me in the eye, with a slightly nervous by sensual glint, and I led her into the living room with her sweaty free hand clenched in mine.

We went into the living room and started talking. She sat close on the couch and shared her wine with me. I drank some to humor her, but not very much. I hated the shit, for one thing. And for another, I wanted to see her enjoy the bottle, if you catch my drift. She rambled on about her school, her complete lack of social life and so on. Her voice was very squeaky and high-pitched. It’s a bit odd, at first. But once you get used to her, it’s pretty cute. I could see her erect nipples poking through her ratty old t-shirt, and her massive chest heaved with every breath. Every now and again, her hand would touch my shoulder or my thigh on accident. My cock was very stiff, and I know she could see it. I’d see her eyes dancing back and forth from my face, the large lump in my crotch. She tried not to notice it, but I could tell she was having trouble. Every now and again she’d loose her train of thought and have to start over, her eyes lingering longer, and her breasts beginning to rest on my arm.

Eventually, we ended up kissing. I don’t quite remember how, but I assume I made the first move. I pulled her onto my lap, and shoved my tongue in her mouth. She reciprocated hungrily, like a rabid dog. Her knees rested on either side of my thighs, and her crotch hovered above mine. I pulled her down and ground her crotch against my hard cock. She gasped, and I think was genuinely surprised. But eventually she got into it, and ground into me. It was wonderful to feel the weight of her body, dry humping against me. Her chest rested against mine, as I tasted the liquor on her tongue. 

Alyssa eventually collapsed onto me, panting loudly. She leaned in and whispered into my ear: “Geez, we’re being so naughty!” Like we were little kids doing something our parents might come in and scold us for any minute now. I ran my hands up and down her back. She moaned softly and pressed her pelvis harder against my cock.

I slid my hands down her back and into the back of her lounge pants. She gasped and I could feel her body tense as my hands played with the satin panties she had on. 

“What do you want to do?” she whispered in my ear.

“I want you to take off your clothes.”

“O-o-okay,” she stuttered, climbing off my lap. She stood nervously in front of me, fidgeting with her hands.

“Go ahead,” I said softly. Alyssa peeled off her top and her breasts, encased in a satiny white bra came into view. Her cleavage was snowy-white, with a thin layer of sweat that glistened in the living room light. I leaned in and kissed the tops of her breasts, running my tongue along the tops. My hands reached behind her and unfastened the bra straps. I felt the tension in the bra go lax, and she shrugged the straps off. Carefully, I pulled the bra away from her body and tossed it aside. Quickly, my hands went to her little pink erect nipples, twisting them gently. Her eyes closed and she moaned through clenched teeth, her head swaying slightly back and forth. I couldn’t tell if it was the liquor or the moment that made her head sway, but I didn’t give it much thought. 

I leaned in and took one nipple into my mouth and slipped my other hand down into her pants. She yelped loudly and her body tensed again. She was now sort of half-standing, half-leaning into me. I began diddling her clit with my hand and I could feel her panties getting soaked. She relaxed and began moaning, in this low, throaty voice that seemed a bit uncharacteristic of her. I continued this for several minutes, sucking her tit/diddling her clit/sometimes slipping a finger into her pussy, until her moans turned into short, staccato yelps. Gasps for air. She was about to cum. Her body was shaking, and moved my fingers faster and faster on her clit. And then she froze, screamed loudly, and a guiser of cum shot from her pussy, soaking my hand and her panties. I kept fingering her, until she relaxed and fell down on top of me.

We were both sweating and panting, like we’d just run a marathon. I removed my hand from her panties and licked off her juices, as she watched in wide-eyed amazement. I wondered if she’d ever seen anyone lick pussy juice. Or if she even knew you could lick the stuff. 

She tilted her head up slowly and whispered to me: “I got my pants all wet.” She sounded so innocent, as the slight smell of fruit juice filled my nostrils.

“Well why don’t you take them off?”

“Okay,” she said, smiling. She groggily propped her self up on her arms and kissed me. I could feel her nipples tickling my chest. She pulled back and licked the sweat off my forehead, before she stood up. Unceremoniously, she slipped her flannel lounge pants and panties down her legs and her meaty white thighs and little brown muff (surprisingly well trimmed, I might add) came into view. She smiled and kicked her clothes aside. I told her how gorgeous she looked, and her smile managed to get even brighter.

“What should I do now?” she innocently asked. I didn’t answer. She stood watching me, idly playing with herself, as I unbuttoned my jeans and slipped them off. Her eyes grew wide as she saw the large tent my cock had left in my teal boxer-briefs.

“Take off my underwear.” Not taking her eyes off the cock-tent, Alyssa got on her knees. Tentatively, she placed her hands on either side of cock, which spas med at her touch. She slinked her hands up my pelvis, her fingers leading the way, until she reached the waistband of my underwear. Her fingers carefully took old of the underwear and pulled out. I lifted up, as she worked it slowly down my body. I’ve always loved the feel of a girl pulling off my underwear. Her eagerness brought her head very close to my cock, and she yelped when my cock leapt out and tapped her on the nose. Her eyes crossed as she starred at the purple head, and she froze. Her mouth gaped and her hands slipped away from my underwear. 

I chuckled. “Give it a kiss, Alyssa.” Almost robotically, she leaned forward and kissed the tip. The kiss was innocent at first, not more than a schoolyard peck on the cheek. But the next kiss wasn’t so innocent. Her lips hovered above the tip. Warm, musty breath tickling my sensitive cock. Her lips slowly made contact, wrapping themselves around the purple tip. She began suckling sensitively, like a baby on its mother’s nipple. Her little tongue would sometimes tickle the tip briefly, on accident. It was one of most wonderful things I’d ever felt.

I decided I needed to get my underwear the rest of the way off, as the waistband was starting to press uncomfortably against my balls. I lifted myself up slightly, and my cock slipped away from her. She whined slightly, as I slipped my underwear down my legs and kicked it to the side. She quickly attacked my cock with her mouth, her lips attempting to take their place before I’d even resituated myself. Her tongue lapped at my cock, as my butt found its seat. By reflex, I put my hand softly on the back of her head, stroking her frizzy hair gently. Her hands rested on my inner thigh, as she briefly suckled the tip of my dick again. It felt so fucking good. 

Then she pulled back slightly, and licked the underside of my dick. She licked a straight line from the tip, down to my scrotum. She carefully cleaned my balls with her tongue, kissing them periodically and finishing the act by taking as much of testicles into her mouth that she could get in. I moaned loudly, her hands stroking the hair on my thigh.

“Put your hands behind your back,” I said softly. 

“Mmmkay” she said softly and complied. Her back arched and her breasts jutted outward. 

And then she dived forward and inhaled about half of my cock into her mouth. She was suddenly very hurried, like there was a time limit. She bobbed up and down, her hair flapping wildly in the air and her mouth attacking my cock like a Popsicle on a hot day. Alyssa slowly worked all of my dick into her mouth. Her nose buried in my pubes, my balls on her chin. I cursed at her, telling her what a hot fucking mouth she had and what a little slut she was. She moaned around my dick. Her moan was high and sounded somewhat like a very labored whimper. 

Eventually, I felt myself cumming. I grasped the back of her head and held it firmly, with my cock buried deep within her throat. She yelped in surprise, her hands falling forward and wrapped around my legs for support. I erupted, shooting wave after wave of cum deep into my little Jewish neighbor’s throat. I could feel her tongue caressing the underside of my dick, as she drank the semen in. She wasn’t used to drinking cum, I don’t think. But she adapted well and didn’t let a drop escape. 

As my orgasm left me, she made sure my dick was good and clean. I half expected her to run and get a towel and dry it off, but she didn’t. 

I groaned and leaned back on the couch. I realized I’d never taken off my t-shirt, which was now soaked and stuck to my body. 

“That was so fucking great, Alyssa” I said, peeling my soiled shirt from my body. 

She moaned. “I didn’t....” And she trailed off. I looked down and saw her resting her head on my thigh, nestled next to my cock.

“You didn’t what, Alyssa?”

“I didn’t... I didn’t know you could drink cum...” And she was asleep. 

She was out for the night. I carried her into my bedroom and laid her down on my big brass bed. I tucked her, coping a slight feel of her wonderful breasts. I went into the bathroom, used the toilet and brushed my teeth. I went back and climbed into the bed, next to her under the covers. She moaned and rolled over, resting her head on my chest. Her hand took hold of my spent cock and we drifted off to sleep.

At some point in the night, I woke up to a wonderful sensation. Alyssa’s lips were clasped around my nipple, sucking madly, and her hand jacked my newly erect cock. She moaned softly and I couldn’t tell if she was asleep or what. I didn’t quite have the energy to move, so I just laid back and enjoyed the hand job. I came quickly and ejaculated all over her hand and thigh. I moaned and fell back asleep.

And when I woke up at nine the next morning, she was gone.