 This time of year, I have a lot of lists on my mind. Everyone has their Christmas Wish Lists. Hell, even Santa has a list, two columns, naughty and nice. I personally think there should be a third, nice when naughty, but I digress. I have decided to put together my own little list. Things I want for Christmas, or before Christmas, and, well, after Christmas, there really is no time limit on my list. Bear in mind, they really aren't in any particular order or relevance. You could pick and choose from the list and I'd be more than satisfied.

1. I want to wrap my hand around your dick, and feel the strength there, the warmth, the hard length of you. I want to wrap my hands around you, and be amazed as always at how small you make my hands feel. I want to feel the evidence of your arousal, and know that I did that, that it is because of me that you are that hard.

2. I want you to cum all over me, across my face, my mouth, down my neck, and across my titties. I want to feel that sticky, wet mess all over. I want you to cover me in it. Across my ass would also be fun, but maybe that should be another number?

3. I want your dick in my pussy. I want you to tell me again how tight and wet it is. How good it feels to slide in and out of me. I want to be fucked so hard that I scream through more orgasms than I can count. I want to be so full of your dick that I cum just from having you inside of me.

4. I want your dick in my ass. I want you to fuck my ass hard and fast. I want to feel you inside my tight ass. And, yes, I have grown to enjoy it more than I ever thought I would. 

5. I want your mouth on my creases. I want to feel you nibble your way along them. I want to feel your tongue trace the indentation from side to side. 

6. I want to climb onto your lap, and guide your dick into my pussy and then ride you hard until I'm too tired to hold my body upright any longer. 

7. I want to hear your voice in my ear, telling me how you want me, how it feels to fuck me. Tell me how, when and where you want to fuck me next. Tell me... hell, tell me anything.

8. I want to show you the new red lace crotchless panties I just bought, and show you just how easy-access I can be.

9. I want to be fucked out of control. I want to be moved, controlled, pressed hard against a wall, or pushed down into the mattress and held there. I want you to fuck me hard, and make me beg to cum.

10. I want you to provide instructions, detailed instructions, on what you'd like me to do to you, how I can please you, while you keep your hands to yourself until I've teased you 'till you can't take anymore. I want you to tell me what you want me to do, where you want me to move, where you want my mouth, my ass, my pussy. 

I figure that's a good place to start. A top ten of sorts, although, I could probably keep going. I can think of a lot of things I want. 

I also figure this probably puts me squarely on Santa's naughty list, but, if you help me work on MY list, I probably won't care much about Santa and his list. 

And now, to let you know how just thinking about this list this morning has affected me, in case I haven't already expressed it to you, I am so wet I've soaked my thong (a cute little pink one that I also bought this weekend, nothing necessarily special about it, until I start thinking about your tongue following the thin strip of fabric down the crack of my ass, hmm, I think that could be my number 11). I have soaked through my thong, into my pants. 

I can touch myself, rub my clit through all these layers of clothing, and still soak my fingers. Even now, as I lean my chair back, brace my feet and rub my clit faster and faster, I think of what your reaction will be to my entire list. I wonder if your dick is still hard, and ready for me to start my way down the list. Are you still hard, can I wrap my fingers around your dick and feel the pulse of blood through the thick length? Will you tell me how hard I made you, just giving you a preview of my list? 

Maybe you'll have ideas for the rest of my list, things that I don't even know I want yet, ways you could make me scream through or beg for an orgasm. I am hoping that you have enjoyed this start to my list enough to help me work on a few of them, or all of them.