 This is actually a true story. No names were included to protect the people involved. Hope you enjoy reading about it as much as I enjoyed experiencing it and please don't forget to vote!

*****************************

My hands were gripping the steering wheel with final relief in anticipation of what was soon to come. It had been a long day, and relief was finally in sight. The only thing was that time was my worst enemy right now, and I had to get to the airport fast so that one of my fantasies could be fulfilled. 

My ex girlfriend of a couple of years ago had recently left town and was flying in after months away. It was a relationship that didn't work out for several reasons, but one of the reasons it worked so well was because of the incredible physical connection between the two of us. Her dark complexion and eyes are just the beginning. A long flowing mane of black hair cascades down her shoulders and just begs to be swept aside so that her neck can be kissed and sucked on. Her full lips are never without red lipstick on, and taste very sweet when being probed by my eager tongue. And then the body continues down of course. Small but firm breasts with perfect quarter sized nipples that always stand straight and proud and just ask to be sucked on and lightly bitten. Her flat stomach tapers down into her shaved pussy with a cute tattoo to one side. Her ass is a work of art, high and firm from years on the stair climber at the gym. One of my favourite things to do to her is simply squeeze and use my mouth on her firm ass cheeks. Taking her from behind always made me go crazy. We always had very intense sex sessions often going into the small hours of the morning until we were both exhausted. 

She had surprised me by calling to let me know she was going to be in town and asked if I could pick her up at the airport. I was always a little suspicious of her motivation but after flirting over the phone she asked me about my fantasies. One of them had always been to meet up with a girl wearing a schoolgirl outfit complete with pigtails, kilt and white blouse. She told me that for picking her up she would grant me that wish. This is why I was driving like a maniac to get to the airport. Her flight had been delayed a couple of hours and a family party was waiting for me. I could hardly give the excuse that I had to pick up my ex girlfriend so that I could have wild sex with her and then show up at my uncle's birthday party. My cock was already hard and it had been difficult for me to hold off from stroking it all morning in eager anticipation. The good thing about the whole encounter was that we both knew exactly what we wanted the other one for, and that was to experience a physical satisfaction beyond anything we both had right now. Our sex life had always been incredible, and days like this only served to make sure that the lure of her body would stay strong in my mind. 

I pulled into the parking garage and parked, knowing that her flight had already landed and that she would be waiting for her baggage. I wanted to make sure that I was there when she showed up so that I could take it all in. I was certainly not disappointed, and judging from all of the other men in the terminal turning their heads, she had done a great job. Her red and black kilt was barely low enough to cover her ass cheeks entirely, and her long dark legs were encased in black stockings. Her blouse was loose and white, and it was obvious that she was wearing a small dark plum coloured bra because you could see right through her shirt. Her shirt was undone just enough to show the cleft in between her B cup breasts, which were standing tall and pushed together for maximum effect. Her blue blazer completed the ensemble. Her hair was loose instead of in pigtails, but I actually preferred it that way because it shaped her face and made her look even more beautiful. As she walked up to me we hugged and I had a chance to feel her firm body press against me. She giggled, feeling how hard I was already just looking at her. She told me how the guy sitting beside her had gotten quite a show during the flight and I could only imagine being trapped only inches away from this body without being able to touch it.

I took her bag and her hand in mine and led her towards the car. Both of us were eager with anticipation over what we had planned for the short time we would have together. As we moved into the parking garage and found my car I placed her bag inside and leaned in to finally kiss her soft lips. They were dark with lipstick and tasted sweet as we finally wrapped our arms around each other and explored our mouths with each others' tongues. Her body was pinned up against my car and I just had to press in tightly to her so she could feel how hard I was already. Sliding my hands down her back I lifted up the edge of her skirt to find her tight ass and gently caressed it with my hands while we kissed. She was wearing just a hint of a thong so it was easy to explore her body. Moving one hand to the front of her skirt found her pussy already damp and hot under my hands. I rubbed it slowly and she started to moan into my mouth in the erotic way she always had. It was all I could do not to just turn her around and take her from behind right there in the crowded parking garage. 

Climbing into the car we made small talk as we quickly drove to our destination, her father's condo. He was not supposed to be home so it would give us some time together before I had to rush off. As we drove she did her best to drive me crazy by caressing my cock through my pants and sucking on my neck and sensitive ears. I freed up one hand and again started to rub her pussy. It was challenging just to keep the car on the highway but somehow I managed. We were both supercharged with sexual energy, and I knew this would be one of our best encounters together, already regretting that I had to rush off so quickly because I wanted to be able to take my time with her. She undid another button on her white blouse to reveal a matching plum coloured bra and thong set that she knew I liked to see her in. I couldn't wait to peel it off of her tight little body and slide myself into every hole she had waiting for me. 

By the time we got to her father's place and got into the elevator she was pinned against the wall with my mouth and hands all over her breasts, neck and lips. I slipped her bra down over her nipples and as we rode up in the elevator started to suck on them, gently biting when they got hard. She moaned into my ear and her hands pulled at my hair. I knew she liked it a little bit rough and was waiting to be able to really do what she wanted. Her kisses became more urgent and she was breathing hard at this point, ready for me to take her. Her blouse was almost completely unbuttoned and her skirt was pushed up around her waist. Good thing it was a nice long elevator ride. We tumbled out of the elevator and quickly opened the door to her father's condo, put her bang down and turned to face each other. Knowing that we had only a short time made it that much more erotic to just stop and look at each others' hungry eyes. 

Pulling her to me I kissed her deeply again, sliding my tongue back into her mouth while letting my hands move down to the buttons on her blouse, finally undoing the rest of them and sliding the blouse from her shoulders. Her small bra barely covered her nipples and her dark skin looked delicious. I began to run my tongue down the sides of her neck slowly, knowing it would drive her crazy while my fingernails traced lines down her back. She started to moan again and I felt her hand move to the front of my pants to caress my hard cock. I was far more interested in making her come hard first, so I moved my hands under her short skirt and started to slide her panties down slowly. Her panties were soaked with hours of anticipation and horniness. Sliding them off and casting them aside I gently walked her back to the couch and laid her down. Her legs instinctively spread for me. The sight of her sitting there lying back with only her bra and a short kilt on, her legs spread and her wet pussy waiting for me almost made me shoot in my pants. 

I knelt down and started to kiss her pussy lightly, knowing she loved my tongue inside of her. My mouth travelled all around her lips and thighs slowly so that the anticipation would drive her crazy. Her hands twined into my hair and she started to moan erotically again, asking me to please lick her pussy. That was all I wanted, to hear her begging me to slide my tongue inside her so I gently started licking at her outer pussy lips. She arched her back immediately as my tongue started tracing a circle all over her wet pussy, moving from sliding inside her upwards to flicking her clit and then down to the sensitive areas on either side which I explored as well. She tasted incredible which only served to make me want to prolong her agony. I licked slowly at first, and then knowing what she liked increased my tempo so that more pressure was directly onto her clit. My finger slid inside her easily so that I could fuck her with it while I sucked on her hard clit. By now she was crying out softly and gently bucking her hips up towards my mouth and I knew that she was ready for release. I found her clit and started to gently suck on it while sliding another finger inside her pussy and moving them faster and faster. Her soft cries got louder and louder and her whole body started to tense up. It usually took her a while to come but I knew it wouldn't take long this time and I was certainly right. 

Her hips gave one final spasm and she cried out while her pussy clenched my fingers and she pushed my head away from her clit. Looking up finally at her, her eyes were closed in a look of complete satisfaction and she gave little moans while she came down from what had to be a very strong orgasm. I slid my fingers out of her and stood up, finally freeing my cock from what had been a very strong prison. It sprung out of my pants which I quickly shook out of and I pulled my shirt over my head, standing in front of her totally naked and completely in lust. Once her eyes opened she gave a little smile and leaned forward, taking my cock in her small hand and starting to stroke it lightly. She looked incredible in her kilt and bra and looked up at me with big brown eyes innocently, the epitome of the slutty schoolgirl I had always wanted. 

My cock slid into her mouth slowly and carefully. She always took her time when sucking on me and this time would be no exception although it definitely was going to be tough to hold back from coming hard down her throat because she gave incredible blowjobs. One inch at a time her mouth slid down my shaft and back up, bathing me with her saliva and running her tongue up and down my shaft to get it wet. Her red lips looked so good around my cock. She always knew exactly how to get me to the edge and then back off just enough to prolong the delicious agony of having my cock inside her body. After just a minute or two of torture I was ready to explode and wanted to feel my cock inside her badly so I stopped her by lightly stroking her hair and lifting her lips off of my cock. I could tell she wanted my cock inside her as badly as I wanted it there. With a mischievous look in her eye she stood up and pushed me down to the floor on my back, obviously not wanting to make it to the bedroom before we consummated our day. 

She unhooked her bra while standing over me to let her perfect small breasts spring free. They were capped with small nipples standing firmly at attention. I lay there looking up at her incredible body now wearing only the kilt she arrived in. Soon that joined the bra on the floor and her tight stomach and firm legs were in full view. My cock was standing straight up, and not wasting any time she squatted down and impaled herself slowly on my cock. I slid into her with a load moan, her juices and our combined saliva making it easy for her to sit down fully on my cock. She had a look of satisfaction on her face. I knew she liked to be in control and this was one time I was willing to allow her to be there. Her small body gently rocked up and down on my cock and we settled into a comfortable rhythm like we always had in the past, knowing exactly what the other wanted. It always took her a long time to have an orgasm so I knew I had to work hard to last a long time and make her happy. 

Before long she started to breathe heavier and close her eyes while she fucked me. By now her hands were entwined in mine and she had me pinned to the floor happily. I knew her small frame was ready to explode when she leaned down and kissed me hard, sucking my tongue into her mouth and then moved her mouth to my shoulder, biting down hard while she came all over my cock. A muffled squeal accompanied her biting my shoulder. Moving slowly still, she lifted her head and kissed me again. I knew that it was my turn now and exactly how I wanted to take her. 

I pushed her off of me and stood her up on shaky legs, turning her around so her tight little ass was pointed at me and her hands were on the arm of the couch. Grabbing her ass I pointed my cock at her dripping wet slit and slid it all the way in as deep as I could. Fucking her from behind was probably my favourite thing to do because I could grab a handful of her long black hair and a handful of her small breasts and fuck her really hard. Her small little body moved with each hard thrust as I kept stroking into her harder and harder, getting ready to fill her up with my come. However, it had been a while since we had been together and I figured it was safer to not come inside of her. She was in the perfect position. A few more thrusts and she was eagerly pushing back against me, moaning deeply every time my cock bottomed out inside her. A few more strokes and I was at the point of no return. I pulled my cock out of her and began to shoot streams of come on her gorgeous ass and back, with a guttural scream of satisfaction. I shot five or six times, the juices of days of pent up frustration exploding all over her dark skin. Leaning down, I gently kissed her shoulder and neck from behind, my now softening cock gently pushing against her firm ass cheeks. Complete and total satisfaction. 

She gave a contented sigh and stood up to face me, kissing me deeply. It was an incredible experience as usual with the two of us together again. Taking her hand I led her towards the shower knowing I had to get going, but we both agreed that it shouldn't be too long before we saw each other again. We showered together like long time lovers, kissing and washing each other, making easy conversation and knowing that another hot encounter was only a phone call away.