 I had all the plans made for a evening that he would never forget. As time neared I knew he should be arriving from work soon. I made sure everything was set. I met him at the door with a kiss and hug, he could tell by the smile on my face I was up to something.

Supper was already on the table with the room lit by candles. I had made his favorite meal. This special night was for him. It was our 1st anniversary together and no gift on earth could show him how much I loved him.

Sitting at he table I had slipped off my shoes quietly and began running my foot up the leg of his pants. I pulled my foot away and brought it right up between his legs, feeling him slide down in his chair a bit I began massaging him through his pants. I could feel him growing under my foot. I looked over at him and smiled. I felt his hand on my foot pulling me to him harder. I pulled away, thinking, by the time this night is over he will be begging me to make love to him. 

Getting up from the table I walked over to him, standing behind him I slowly bend and kiss his neck, gently sucking. Moving my lips to his ear,I hear him gasp as I gently suck on his earlobe. I whisper "Oh Ken, do I have a night planned for you". Taking his hand I guide him to the bathroom and slowly begin undressing him. I hand him a towel and tell him to go ahead out to the hot tub. The candles are already lit sitting around the edge. 

I gather my thoughts and smile as I can't wait to join him. I slip a robe on and head out there. I walk over to the hot tub and watch his eyes as he watches my every move. I step up on the step and slowly letting my robe fall to my feet exposing my naked body. Stepping in as the warm water surrounds my body I walk over to where he is sitting and kneel right at his feet. Pushing his legs apart I nestle right in, laying my head against his chest. Moving my head slightly my lips fall on his chest. 

Kissing so lightly I work my way over to his nipple, finding him already hard I close my lips around it and gently nurse. I feel his hands on my head guiding my mouth to him harder. I kiss my way to the other one, gently sucking it into my mouth, flicking, licking, teasing. I can feel his manhood against my belly growing as I suck harder. 

Bringing my lips up to his mouth I ask him to hold still. Gently taking my tongue and tracing his bottom lip I feel him growing harder and harder between us. My tongue glides across his top lip, softly my tongue slips inside working circles as I taste his mouth. Feeling his tongue slowly reach out to touch mine, I draw him into my mouth by sucking it. 

I ask softly for him to sit on the edge. Watching him stand I see just how hard he is. Sitting on the edge I push his legs apart and ask if he is ready for this, I hear him whisper "OH god yes".

Wrapping my fingers around him I gently lower my mouth to him. Kissing the tip then slowly running my tongue against him I feel him jump. My tongue slides back and forth across the tip feeling the heat from him. I tilt my head and kiss down his shaft, sucking the side of him leaving marks along the way. My fingers tracing his balls as I suck my way down. Cupping his balls my lips slide to him kissing what's in my hand. Sucking softly on his balls I feel him throbbing against me. Holding him up I lick and suck underneath working my way back to the tip. 

As my tongue slides across the rim I linger there, teasing, sucking the rim into my mouth and swirling my tongue back and forth across it. Hearing him moan I bring my lips to the tip. My hand at the base beginning to stroke, I pull my head back and watch as I stroke a drop of cum to the tip, I lower my head and lick it off. Feeling him arching his hips to me I open my mouth with the tip of him and let him push his way in. Taking him deep, I moan. 

Sliding him in and out I feel him throbbing more. I slide him to the tip and suck the head, drawing more cum from him drop by drop. Taking my mouth from him I hear him moan. I lean back up and kiss him lightly whispering "this is just the beginning". Sitting back and watching him lower himself down in the water I take his hand under the water and guide it to my parted legs. His fingers tracing my swollen lips I leave my hand on his as he traces my every fold. I feel his fingers as they slowly caress. slipping inside my lips, stroking up he brushes against my clit, sending chills throughout my body. I take my hand from him and let him play. 

Long slow strokes between my lips making me swell even more under his fingers. Stroking back to my opening I feel him slip one finger in, I gasp with pleasure, slipping two fingers in slowly then taking them from me is almost to much to handle. His lips are at my ear whispering " it's my turn baby" Sitting me up on the edge I instantly open my legs exposing myself to his kisses. Kissing lightly I feel his lips nearing my clit, I shudder as he licks up touching it. Closing his lips around my clit he begins to suck, making me harder in his mouth. I feel his fingers tracing my smooth lips where I had just shaved. Sliding 2 fingers in as he sucks my clit is to much, I can't hold back any longer, moaning out " Oh GOD KEN, I'M GONNA CUM" my pussy squeezes his fingers as I cum. Bringing his fingers out I feel his mouth on me, drawing the cum from me, drinking my soul. I slide back down in the water and instantly reach for him. his cock so hard in my hand throbbing, I whisper" Do you want me ken?"

I hear him answer " OH BABY, YES" I bring him to his feet and whisper " Take me from behind" I turn and bend over the edge, legs apart, I wait patiently as he nears me. Taking himself in his hand I feel him begin to rub the head of his cock against my slick, swollen lips. Reaching down between us I push him down to my opening. I feel his hands on my hips as he plunges into me, I gasp, he pulls back out to the tip and takes me deep again. 

His cock buried in me, I can feel his balls up against me every time he plunges back in. Moving faster and faster I can feel him throbbing in me. Laying my head back he places his hands on my shoulders holding me into place as he pumps wildly in me. Squeezing his cock with my pussy I hear him moan " OH GOD BABY I'M GONNA CUM IN YOU" hearing him I push back against him hard each time he thrust in. Making him take me harder and harder. His hands move down to my hips again as he thrust one last time and buries his cock deep. Jerking wildly in me, feeling his hot liquid filling me up I cum with him, squeezing every last drop from him. 

Pulling away and turning to him, I melt into his arms and whisper breathlessly, "I love you Ken."