 It was Friday and I had just finished my second week of training at my firm's Northern Depot. It wasn't too bad a chore as it was close to where I used to live when I was a mere schoolchild so I new the area, but it was still a pain.

I was staying in a nearby hotel but I thought that tonight I would venture back into the old area to see what it was like now. I figured that I was hardly going to get recognised, as it had been ten years or so since I had moved away and I was only seventeen at the time. Well it was lucky my expectations were not high, as the place had not changed apart from a new housing estate and a leisure complex on the outskirts. "T'rific." I thought to myself. I was getting thirsty and feeling a bit peckish so I thought I'd stop at the next pub that I came across, grab a pint and something to eat and then head off back to the hotel to pack up for the journey home tomorrow.

It wasn't long before I came across the inevitable family pub/restaurant and it was only a matter of minutes before I was sitting at the bar, pint in hand. I looked around. In one corner sat a couple, there was a couple of lads at bar but apart from a few other drinkers it was fairly quiet.

Well it was quiet for another five minutes until a the doors burst open and in trooped at least a dozen girls, all dressed up in school uniforms. Cackling, laughing and screeching they made their way over to the other side of the bar. "T'rific." I thought for the second time that evening. There was absolutely no way I was going to a peaceful meal now so I resigned myself to having another pint and then disappearing back to the hotel restaurant and calling it an night.

I motioned over to the bartender and he poured me another pint. 

"Sorry, Sir." the bartender said."It's not normally like this here, but one of the local girls is having her hen night. They've been planning it for weeks now."

"Guess that's my bad timing then." I regretfully sighed. "Not to worry. I can ogle them for a bit and then head off." Don't get me wrong, I'm not a boring bloke who can't stand fun, but it had been a long laborious week and all I wanted was some peace and quiet. 

I was halfway through my pint was I felt two hands cover my eyes and somebody say, "Guess who?"

"Claudia Schiffer?" I replied

"Nope, guess again." came the soft feminine voice from behind.

"Umm, Naomi Campbell." I answered, still none the wiser.

"D'ya want a clue?" she said. 

I nodded

"OK, school leaving party, dark corner, you snogged my face off the whole night."

I knew exactly who she was now. "Amanda Stoneman if I am not mistaken." I turned round. A vision of pure woman, dressed in an undersized school uniform greeted my eyes. "Well knock me over with a feather. That was ten years ago now. I am glad you haven't forgotten then." I winked at her.

"No I have never forgot that night Simon Turner." she said and laughed. "But hey, it wasn't to be. So what brings my little Simon back to these humble parts then?"

My little Simon, she always called me that. We had been sweethearts for just over two years when my parents decided to move and there was nothing I could do to stop them.

"Oh nothing exciting Mandy Pandy, just work. My firm's got a place just ten miles away. I've been up here training and thought I'd drive and take a look at old place. Hasn't changed much has it?"

"Mandy Pandy." she repeated. "I see you haven't forgotten either."

And the truth is I had never forgotten Amanda Stoneman, We were Potters Secondary School's equivalent to The Beckhams, so much in love and destined to marry and go on to stardom, fame and riches. Until that fateful day when my parents told me we were all moving three hundred miles away to Sussex for a better life. There was nothing I could do to stop them, or me for that matter, going. Etched on my memory is Amanda Stoneman, crying and sobbing as I waved goodbye from the back of my Dad's car. Still to this day I don't know why we moved but I resented my parents for it and even now they have both passed away, I have never forgiven them. 

"So what have you been up too then Mandy? I bet somebody snapped you up the minute I left." I asked

"Yep, unfortunately somebody did. James Lofthouse." she answered

"Lofty? Bloody hell, he must have thought all his Christmas's had come at once. He'd fancied you for ages and ages"

"Well, he married me."

I was gob smacked. Lofty was the geek of all geeks. A nice guy don't get me wrong but not in Mandy's league. I felt a pang of jealousy or was it guilt as that person should have been me. "So how long have you too be married?"

"Next month would have been our eight year anniversary if he had hadn't found himself an internet lover in Australia. But that was three years ago and so I am over him now, not that I was really ever into him in the first place mind"

And for the first time I saw the Amanda Stoneman that I knew and had once loved. Bolshy, blunt and ever, ever so attractive. "Sorry." was the only word I could utter to her. 

"Is that sorry that Lofty left me or sorry that you left me?"

I gulped, speechless. I was like a rabbit caught in the headlights, knowing my fate but helpless to avoid it. "The latter." I replied. "There was nothing I could do Mandy, absolutely nothing."

She sighed and nodded. "I know Si, but as I said earlier. I have never forgotten."

I smiled at her and she smiled back. Her hand touched mine lightly and we just looked at each other. The moment was broken by a shrill voice from over the other side of the bar. "Mand! You comin' or d'ya want us to wait."

"Looks like it's time for you to go then Mand." I said.

"Yep it does." she replied. "Here, take my number and when you are up here next call me. It will be good to catch up." She scribbled her number down and left it on the bar. "Bye my little Simon." she sang as she went back to the party.

"See ya Mandy Pandy. And I will call." I shouted after her and she smiled.

I sighed the heaviest sigh imaginable and turned back to my pint. All the memories flooded back from when I first asked her out, to our first date and then onto when we first made love together. Not the best ever, but it meant the most. All these visions clouded by the memory of my family driving away. I looked at the number and thought about calling her then and there, but I ended up talking myself out of it. I shrugged my shoulders. "But hey, it wasn't to be." I thought to myself, repeating Mandy's words of earlier. 

I hadn't even noticed the hen party leaving but suddenly was aware of quietness. "Another regret to add to the list then." I thought to myself, as I swirled the last of my pint around my glass and started to drink it.

"Going so soon?" came a voice from behind.

"Did she call the marriage off then?" I replied.

Mandy laughed. "How the fuck could I go on a hen night knowing that you were around. I told them I wasn't feeling to good and would go home. I don't think they believed me though." And with that Mandy sat next to me on the bar. " Well, are you gonna order me a drink or what?"

I motioned the bartender over. "I'll have a coke and whatever the lady is having please."

"Rum and black." said Mandy, and with that the bartender went off to get our drinks.

"So what made you come back then?" I replied as I paid the bartender

"You did Simon. All the old memories came flooding back and to be honest so did all the old feelings. I've never forgotten Simon, never. I've always regretted not saying anything or making them stop leaving with you, and now you being here I couldn't let you leave again." she blurted out.

I looked blank. "What do you mean regretted not saying anything? I don't get it. All my parents said was that Dad had got a promotion and we were moving for a better life in Sussex. I never understood why it happened so quickly but I was only sixteen Mandy. If that's what they told me then that's what I had to believe."

Mandy gulped. " You mean nobody has told you the real reason then"

For the second time that evening I looked like a rabbit caught in headlights. "Mandy, you are talking in riddles."

"OK". Mandy took a deep breath and smoothed her hands on her skirt. "Do you remember that time after parents evening?"

I nodded and smiled. "How could I forget Mandy? We volunteered to clear up all the chairs and tables and then call the caretaker, your Dad, to lock up. We had planned it for ages so we could have some time together. And if I remember rightly, we got sidetracked." I grinned cheekily recalling how we had had sex in the gym.

Mandy didn't smile, she just carried on. "Boy Si, I hope you are ready for this. Well the thing is, three weeks later….three weeks later…"

I saw tears well up in her eyes. "Hey, you don't have to tell me anything Mand."

Mandy composed herself. "I do Si, I do." Mandy took another deep breath. "Three weeks later I found out I was pregnant."

I felt like I'd been run over by fleet of lorries. "You mean I…we…." I stuttered.

"Uh-huh." Mandy replied. "My Dad went mad, completely ape-shit. He rang your Dad to tell him that you were never to see me again and to think of a way to make me leave schools, preferably the town. Otherwise he was going to ring the police and have you done for sex with a minor and also rape. Miraculously a transfer for your Dad appeared and then you were gone, all in the space of a few weeks."

I was still stunned. All this time I had thought it was my parents fault that my one true love was taken away from me but it was abundantly clear it was Mandy's Dad that had caused me years of regret. "Mand, I had no idea darlin', not a clue. They never told me anything,"

"Well, there you go my little Simon. The truth always comes out." Mandy said. "Two days later my Dad took me to a private doctor in London to terminate the baby and it was never spoken about again in our house. Fucked me up good and proper though. After that I became I think what is now called a slag. I slept with anyone I could just to get back at my Dad. I was always careful though, safe sex and all that but it was a downward spiral. Only one person ever helped and that was Lofty. He listened when I talked and held me when I cried, and eventually I became a nicer person. He asked me to marry him and that was that. Perhaps I was vulnerable, I don't know. Without him I don't think I'd be alive now but that's the only thing I have to thank him for. As soon as we started together he had this control over me, as if he knew I depended on him. He even made me have an aids test before he would sleep with me."

I was listening stunned. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, that such a headstrong, clever and beautiful girl had reached such lows. I had to touch her and moved my hand over hers. She grasped it tight and smiled at me. "So what happened next?" I asked. "If you want to tell me that is?"

She held my hand tighter. "Oh Simon, I have been wanting to tell all of this for years now." She carried on. "Well Lofty and I got married six months later and things were ok. But I was now back to being me, being Mandy. And eventually I couldn't even bear to be in same room as him. He spent more time with his computer and I spent more time with television and books and stuff. The sex, if you can call it that stopped, which wasn't such a bad thing, but I felt trapped. I started to drink at home and I am not talking about the odd glass here and there. I mean one or two bottles a night. So three years into the marriage Lofty one day just casually announced he was off to Australia and off he went. He had signed the house over to me and that's the last I heard from him."

"Blimey. Not a note or a sorry or anything then. Typical Lofty." I said

Mandy laughed. "Yeah, that was Lofty. No words needed. Well anyway, it was the best thing he did. I stopped drinking just like that and got my life in order. I sold the house and bought another one, got a new job and now I am the old Mandy Pandy again. What was it you called me? Ah yes, bolshy knickers, that was it."

We laughed together. And she was right, all of a sudden it was the old Mandy with that smile to die for and those eyes that could melt an iceberg. "Yep, the old Mandy" I said. "And she is still how I remember her. In a school uniform."

And that was it for ten minutes as we couldn't stop laughing and giggling until our sides hurt and our laughter tears had dried up.

"One more thing Simon." Mandy said. "Dad died about four years ago and Mum soon followed. I didn't even shed a tear. Not for Dad who nearly ruined my life and not for Mum as she allowed it all to happen."

"Oh baby, I am sorry. If…" I was stopped mid-sentence.

"No if and buts Simon. It has happened and that's that. My life is in my own hands now and that's just the way I like it. And that's why I came back, why I didn't go on that hen night."

I looked confused again. "You've lost me, again"

"Simon, I let you go once and I'll be fucked if I am going to let you go again. But before I make a complete fool of myself, I need to ask you something. At the moment I don't want to know what you have been up to, but are you married?"

"Nope." I replied.

"Are you in a relationship?"

"Nope." I answered again.

"Correct answers. Now I am going to the toilet and when I return I expect you ready to take me home"

And with that she hopped of the bar stool and went off the toilet, swinging her hips as she went. While she was gone I rang my boss to tell him, amongst other things, to keep my hotel room open, as I wasn't going home this weekend.

I had just finished the call when Mandy emerged. She walked over to me as I stood up and threw her arms around my shoulders. Her face leant into mine and we kissed for the first time in over ten years. And what a kiss it was. Our tongues were dancing and our mouths locked in pent up passion that had obviously been lying dormant. 

All too soon Mandy broke the kiss. "C'mon, lets get out of here." She looked over to the barman and beckoned him over. Reaching into her bag she pulled out a bundle, which she draped over the barman. It was her panties. "Thanks for the kind service and there's your tip. I don't think I will be needing them." With a wink, she took me by the hand and we left, laughing.

We rushed to the car and she stopped by the passenger side. "Aren't you going to open the door for me kind sir?" she questioned alluringly.

I walked around the car and opened the door. "Your carriage awaits."

She slid onto the seat and then swung her legs round slowly, affording me a glimpse beneath her skirt. I couldn't believe my eyes. She had cut a hole in the crotch of her tights and I was now looking at her bare pussy in all its glory. Mandy looked up at me. "It saves all the fumbling Si, cos when we get through my front door that's where your cock is going." And with that she swung all the way into her seat. I was hard in an instant.

Luckily it was only a five minute drive to her house. I pulled up in the driveway and we both got out. Hurriedly she got her keys out of her back and we stumbled through the door. She closed the door behind her and then leant back on it and pulled me to her. We kissed again with more passion and more desire than I had ever imagined possible. Our hands were everywhere, opening shirt buttons, grabbing, pinching. I felt her hands go to my trousers and in an instant they and my boxers were down by my ankles. I ripped her shirt open and pulled down her bra cups exposing those wonderful now developed breasts that I had been praying to see for years.

I felt her hand find my hardness and she stroked it slowly. She leant into my neck and whispered. "Not so little Simon anymore."

I felt her legs part slightly as she guided the tip of cock at her pussy entrance. My hand held her ass cheeks lifting her slightly and then down onto my cock. Her legs instinctively wrapped themselves around me as I slid into her wetness. I felt the nylon of her tights rasp against my bare hips, rocking me within her.

"Fuck me Simon." she growled.

I obeyed instantly and began pushing in and out of her. I had never felt a woman so wet before and I could hear my cock squelching as I pushed harder and deeper into her. Mandy's breathing quickened and I knew she was close. Her pussy muscles tightening around my cock, making me harder, My hands gripping her ass and her thighs, pushing deeper and harder as my fingers gripped onto her tights, which were slowly laddering and ripping. I knew I was getting close, but I so desperately wanted her to cum first. 

"Cum for me Mand, please baby. I want to feel you cum all over my cock." I whispered

"Don't stop Si, please. Harder baby please…so close..so close." she moaned.

I felt her shudder and her nails dug into my back as she screamed my name over and over. I kept pushing deeper and harder, riding her through the first orgasm and into her second. Screaming over and over, she was matching my rhythm as if wanting to pull all the cum from me and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. "Oh Mand, I am gonna cum babes." I grunted.

"Yes Si, cum deep in me, please baby, cum for me." she moaned as she reached her third orgasm in succession. And that was enough to send me over the edge. With one last push I exploded deep into her wetness. Spurt after spurt came from my cock. It felt like a never-ending river leaving my cock and going deep into Mandy, my Mandy. 

We just stayed there motionless and the only sounds to be heard were our laboured breathing as it started to return to normal. I opened my eyes and surveyed the scene. Her hair was all ruffled and her eyes were closed. Her blouse torn open and her bra cups underneath her breasts. My shirt had been ripped open and my trousers were around my ankles. Mandy's skirt was around her waist and my fingers were still attached to the nylon of her tights, which were now extremely laddered. I looked down between us and my cock was still deep in her, semi-hard but still in her pussy.

Mandy opened her eyes and smiled. She kissed me tenderly on the cheek and then looked back at me. A solitary tear ran down her cheek as she tried unsuccessfully to blink back the rest of them. It set me off as well and soon I felt tears flow down my cheeks. Mandy brought her hands up to my face and wiped them away, doing the same to her own. 

Mandy was the first to speak. "Sorry about the tears but I never thought I see you again, let alone experience something as intense as what we just did."

"Mand, you don't need to explain yourself to me of all people. I never once stopped dreaming of you or thinking about you. I have wanted this day since I waved goodbye out the back of the car but never in wildest dreams did I imagine it would happen. And never in my wildest dreams was it ever that good either. And I have never stopped loving you Mandy, never." and that was the cue for more tears.

We eventually managed to disentangle ourselves and made our way to her bedroom. As we took off the rest of clothes, or what was left of them, I looked at Mandy. She was still so beautiful but she was now all grown up. She turned to me and smiled. I had always told her that when she smiled at me it was a different smile, like it was reserved for me and me alone. And there she was, flashing me my smile and I winked back at her. 

We both got into her bed and she nestled into me. "I never stopped loving you either Simon." was all she said as she kissed me

Breaking the kiss, we then started to talk about the past ten years. Everything poured out about how we always thought about each other, how even though we were apart it affected the way we lived our lives. It was like the only person we were meant to be with was each other.

"Mandy Pandy and Little Simon, inseparable even when not together." I said.
