 “How about that massage now?” I asked. 

I caught the glimmer in his eyes as he looked up at me, a slow blush spreading across his cheeks. I knew how turned on he got just by touching me. He cleared his throat and opened his mouth to reply. Just then his cell phone rang. He peered at the caller id screen and sighed. “Damn! I’ve been waiting for this client to call all day. It’ll only be a minute… I promise,” he said reaching out to squeeze my knee. 

As he answered the phone and began discussing the deal, I pouted and said softly, “Now you really owe me one.” I stood up from the table, turned away from him and bent to pick up my purse. I knew he couldn’t resist the sight of my long legs and the curve of my ass. Suddenly, I felt the electricity of his touch as he placed his hand on the back of my knee and slowly slid his hand up my leg and under my skirt. I heard the sharp intake of his breath as he caressed my bare buttocks. I straightened and playfully slapped his hand away. “Get off the phone,” I mouthed, then turned and sauntered out of the room.

“Sounds great, I’ll drop those contracts off at your place first thing tomorrow morning. Yep, uh huh, take it easy.” I heard the beep of his cell phone being hung up as he hurried into the living room to find me stretched out on the sofa. 

“You’re not wearing panties, are you?” he questioned.

“Wouldn’t you like to know?”

“Why don’t you show me,” he said licking his lips. 

“Oh, there’ll be plenty of time for that…but first I want that massage you promised.” 

We loved to tease each other like this, drawing out the tension between us. Based on our mutual level of arousal, I sensed that today’s encounter was going to be very pleasurable indeed. He retrieved a sheet from the linen closet and spread it out on the thick living room carpet. 

“Umm, I’m going to change into something more comfortable,” he said unbuttoning his work shirt. “Can I get you a glass of wine?”

“Mmmm, sounds great,” I purred. 

He went to the kitchen and returned a few moments later with a glass of merlot. Our fingertips touched as he handed me the glass and again I felt the spark between us. I looked into his eyes and smiled. “Hurry up, don’t keep me waiting.”

Grinning, he headed off to the bedroom. I took a few sips of the wine, placed the glass on the end table and stretched out on the sheet. He returned almost immediately wearing denim shorts and a t-shirt. Although he looked a little disappointed that I was still fully clothed, he dropped to his knees beside my prone body and placed a hand on my back. I loved his touch and he loved touching me. As he massaged my neck and shoulders, I could feel the workday’s stresses begin to melt away. His hands moved slowly down my back and I felt my nipples harden underneath me. I felt the excitement of what lay ahead begin to increase deep within me. Soon he had moved down to my buttocks and began needing them in earnest. I felt myself becoming wet as his strong hands moved slowly down my thighs and calves and ended at my feet. “God, that feels great!” I moaned. 

“Oh, I’m not done yet. Why don’t you turn over and let me work on the rest of you?”

I rolled over to face him as he knelt above me. “What exactly did you have in mind?” I asked, arching an eyebrow at him. It was an absurd question, as I knew exactly what was in store for me. I only wondered who would cave in first and express their desire to make love. 

“How about a little of this?” he said as his hands gently massaged my scalp. His fingers slid down and across my face, his right index finger tracing its way down my nose and across my lips. I opened my mouth and sucked his finger in, while his left hand continued its southern exploration, stopping at my breast. He began massaging my breasts with both hands now, almost roughly. I let out a little moan of pain mixed with pleasure and he lightened his strokes to soft caresses. My nipples were plainly sticking out through my tank top, in indication of my arousal. Looking down at me he murmured, “Yeah, you like that don’t you baby.” I realized that my face and chest were deeply flushed and that I was breathing heavily through my mouth. There was no way of denying how much I wanted him. 

I raised myself up on one elbow and ran my other hand over his muscular chest. “I have a surprise for you,” I said seductively as I squeezed his firm bicep. 

“Oh yeah, what’s that?”

“Well…you were right. I’m not wearing panties… in fact I didn’t wear them at work all day today,” I said feigning embarrassment.

“Really, now.” He didn’t sound surprised. “That’s just the sort of behavior I would expect from a naughty girl like you. So how did it feel to sit there with your bare ass behind your desk all day?” 

“It felt good, in a bad sort of way. I got really turned on when we spoke on the phone earlier. I’m afraid I left a wet spot on my chair. But that’s not really the surprise I was going to tell you about,” I said, my voice trailing off. 

“Well…what is it then?” he said, his voice a mixture of desire and consternation.

I decided to go for it, because there really was no way to hide it at this point. “I’m not sure how you feel about this, but I got bored and horny the other day and decided to shave. I hope you like it,” I said pulling up my skirt to reveal my bare pussy.

“Wow,” he said eyes fixed on my bare flesh. “How does it feel?”

“You tell me,” I replied guiding his hand to my sensitive, moist flesh. I watched as his fingers began to manipulate the folds of my pussy. As I raised my eyes to study his face, I noticed that he was already looking intently at me. “I have never been so turned on,” he gasped. “Me either,” I replied as our faces met in a deep, prolonged kiss.

We both knew that kissing meant the beginning of the end of our seduction. Once our lips met, none of the games mattered anymore. I became his completely. This normally mild mannered guy could now have me in any way he deemed necessary. Of course, he knew it too. His caresses now became more aggressive, his kisses more demanding. 

He yanked my top up, exposing my breasts. As he broke our kiss, moving his head to my chest, I could hear the excitement in his ragged breathing. He squeezed my left breast while closing his mouth over my nipple. His left hand trailed down my side, pulled up my skirt and found its home between my quivering thighs. He stroked my outer lips delighting in their new velvety feel. I moved my legs wider apart, moaning in encouragement. Just when I thought he would continue to tease me, he thrust a finger deep inside my wet pussy. I arched my back in response to his intrusion. He began to pump his finger in and out of me as his mouth disengaged from my nipple. He then started to trace a path with his tongue across my chest, over my breastbone, and down and around my navel. 

I breathlessly awaited his next move as he withdrew his finger and used his hand to spread my vaginal lips apart. He looked me in the eyes lustfully before lowering his head to my exposed pussy. I felt momentarily uncomfortable under his gaze, until his lips touched my shaved flesh. I shuddered as his tongue penetrated my folds and sought out my hardened clitoris. I drew my knees up and ran my fingers through his hair as he ate me out. My back arched and I ground my cunt into his face as he tongue fucked me. I could feel my orgasm building within me as he began to suck on my clit. I came violently the next moment when he shoved two fingers deep within me. 

Raising his head from my dripping mound, he kissed me on the inside of my thigh then slowly kissed his way up the length of my body until he was stretched out on top of me, face-to-face. I kissed him deeply, tasting my juices on his lips. 

“Take off your clothes,” he ordered. Although my clothing had been shoved aside enough to thoroughly expose myself to him, I understood that my nakedness was essential to his arousal. He stood before me and offered his hand. Taking his hand he pulled me up on my shaking legs. I took a step back and unzipped my rumpled skirt, letting it slide down my thighs to the floor. I stepped out of the discarded garment and kicked it aside. “Now the top,” he whispered. I grasped the tank top and pulled it slowly over my head. I heard him sigh as he gazed at my tanned breasts. I looked at his face now and saw his eyes running the length of my nude body.

“You really enjoyed yourself, didn’t you baby,” he smirked. “I haven’t felt you come like that in quite a while. But now I think it’s my turn.”

He pulled me to him, kissing me roughly, his hands squeezing my ass cheeks. I felt myself becoming even more turned on as I pulled up his t-shirt, revealing his hard, muscular chest. He pulled the shirt off over his head as I began to kiss my way down his chest, settling on my knees before his bulging crotch. I grasped the snap of his denim shorts and pulled, feeling the snap release. I pulled down his zipper and eased his shorts down his legs. He stood before me, his boxers tented out by his raging erection. Pulling the elastic waistband down, I began to follow the trail of dark silken hair that led from his belly button with my tongue. As he pulled his underwear off I felt his cock bob against my cheek. I sat back on my heels and looked at him, my eyes fixed on his hard prick. I leaned forward and kissed the swollen head, moistening my lips with his pre-cum juice, then ran my tongue down and up the length of his hard shaft. He moaned in encouragement, his thighs tensing in pleasure under my hands. I stretched my mouth around his cock, sliding each inch in, feeling it fill up my mouth. I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock and began to stroke it, while sucking on the head with abandon. After several minutes, his body became rigid and his balls tightened. “Oh, oh, oh, yes, yes,” he said as I prepared for his imminent orgasm.

Suddenly, he pulled away from my oral attentions, his wet hard cock pointing in my face. I looked up at him in surprise. “I need to come inside you,” he groaned. “Right now.” 

I was pleased. Usually I was the one who begged to be fucked. “I don’t know,” I teased. “Do you think we really should go all the way?”

He rolled his eyes at me, but played along nonetheless. “Please, baby. I want you so bad…”

“Hmmm, I’m afraid that just won’t do. What exactly do you want?”

He sighed and winked at me. Expecting more sexy banter, I was shocked as he moved quickly to flip me over on my belly in some sort of wrestling hold. I relished the feeling of his strength and dominance. I pretended to struggle beneath him as his hard cock ground into my butt cheeks. “You know what I want and you’re gonna love it,” he ordered. “Now get on your hands and knees.”

As I positioned myself, I felt his cock head brushing against my swollen, shaved lips. I spread my leg as his fingers navigated my hot wet crevice. I wanted him inside of me so bad, but I wasn’t going to ask for it. Soon enough he removed his fingers and pushed his hot thick flesh into me. His initial thrusts were gentle and rhythmic, his fingers running over my clit. He grunted softly behind me as my pussy tightened around his shaft. I knew I couldn’t hold out much longer and I began to grind against each of his strokes as I neared my orgasm. “Wait, let’s come together,” he gasped. Soon he was ramming away with full intensity, his sweat falling on my back and his balls slapping against my bare pussy. I felt the waves of my climax washing over me before I knew it and I screamed with pleasure as I came. With his hands on my hips, he gave one final thrust, his body convulsing against me. I could feel his come filling up inside me, and running down my thighs. We collapsed in a sweaty heap on the floor, panting for breath.

For the next several minutes we lay together enjoying the afterglow. We rolled on our sides with him spooning me as he continued to run his hands over my body. After our breathing and heart rates had slowed to an almost normal pace he rolled me over for a long, sultry kiss. Then looking deep into my eyes he said, “So, what would you like for dinner?”