 As he turned out the light I felt the heat rising between my legs. I had been up all night thinking, wanting, longing for my lover. I put my head on my husband's shoulder, my arm across his chest. Within two minutes he was telling me to move...I was too hot. I whimpered. 

"I only have four hours until my alarm goes off. Go to sleep."

Yes, I was tired too. I hadn't slept in days. My eyes were bloodshot and burned, but my body needed his. He rolled over and was fast asleep. I slid my hand under the covers, down to my throbbing clit. I slipped my fingers inside to moisten them, then brought them back up to my hard little knob. I pinched and rubbed slowly, trying not to wiggle the bed or wake him. I closed my eyes and thought of my lover.

I imagined us walking hand in hand down the busy streets of the city. During the heat of the afternoon it begins to rain. We laugh and walk a little faster, watching those around us panic and scurry. I see an alley up ahead on the left. I let go of his hand, turn to him and smile. He looks at me, wondering. 

I run and turn down the alley. I can hear him yelling, asking where I'm going. I go as fast as I can, in stilettos, almost to the end of the alley. I turn around, and rip my blouse open. He'd run a third of the way down the alley, but stops, then walks slowly as he watches what I am doing. I squeeze my tits together. My hands sliding over the wet skin, reaching, then pinching my nipples. I look in his eyes and lick the rain from my lips. I can almost see his cock growing in his pants. 

It seems to be a little more dry closer to the building on my right. I walk slowly toward it, lifting the back of my skirt just a little to tease him.

"You..." I interrupt him, putting my hands to his face. I kiss him, hard. My tongue parts his lips. 

I must have wiggled the bed. My husband turns over.

"Goodnight Hon," he says.

"I love you," I say, still thinking of my lover. 

"I love you, too." Within seconds he was snoring. I went back to fantasizing about the alley.

I have one hand in my lover's hair, one undoing his pants. Our kisses grow more passionate. I feel a hunger, a need to have him now. His dick in my hand, I bend over to take it in my mouth. He slaps me on the ass. I squeal. I go for it again. He again slaps me firmly on the ass.

"What's the idea, running away from me like that?" Though his voice is firm I know he is playing.

"I'm sorry. I've been waiting for this all day. I just couldn't wait any longer, my Love." I kiss him, then whisper in his ear, "I need you inside me...right now!" He grabs the back of my skirt and spins us both around so that he is standing behind me. My hands press hard against the bricks. He lifts my skirt, exposing the thin black lace of my thong. It was hot out. The cold raindrops felt good on my skin, as did the sharp pop of his hand. 

"You little slut, you." He runs his finger under the thong, feeling my wetness. His hot breath on my neck, he whispers, "I guess you won't be needing these." With a quick jerk the lace snaps. He smells them, "Mm, so sweet." I spread my legs farther apart. In one sharp thrust he's fully inside me, as deep as he can go. I scream in ecstasy. "You're too loud," he says, shoving the thong in my mouth. His hands grip my hips tight. He fucks me hard and fast.

My legs twitch. My fingers move faster over my clit. I know I'm shaking the bed. I feel the walls of my pussy pulsing, gripping, searching for my lover's cock. My whole body shakes as I come. I bury my fingers inside. Trying to catch my breath, I turn to look at my husband. He is still sleeping. I roll my eyes, then close them. I think of my lover's cock covered in my juices. I rub my fingers across my lips. 'So sweet,' my lover would say. I suck my fingers clean, and go to sleep.

I see a beautiful cherry wood bed. I see a couple through the thin white shears hanging from the intricately carved posters. I seem to float around the room. The sweat on their skin glistens in the flickering candlelight. I can hear their breath...rhythmic, heavy. I can almost feel it. Their bodies move in a lover's dance to music only they can hear. They become still and stare into each other's eyes. 

"I love you," she says, tears in her eyes, "and now you should know that I am yours forever."

He kisses her, deeply, and wipes the tear from her face. His hand moves to her shoulder and rolls her away from him. The light glows on her back. He strokes her hair lightly. His hand moves toward her ass. His fingers run circles at the small of her back. She flinches at the heat of his fingertips as he traces his mark. 

"Now all who see it will know I belong to you." She was smiling. He traced the mark again, then got the same silly grin on his face as she had on hers.

"You do belong to me," he pauses. " So, just who is going to see it?" he laughs, as his hand lands on the smooth cheek of her ass with a loud pop.

I wake up in a sweat. Even my hair is damp. I reach down between my legs...drenched. 

"I'm going to work," my husband says. He gives me the saddest little peck, and walks out the door.

The hot water takes forever to get upstairs. I adjust the temperature and get in. The water feels so good. I think of my lover again. I think of how it would be to live with him. We'd live somewhere warm and far away from other people.

I imagine him working out in the hot sun. I've been cleaning in the house. My dress is clinging to me, slightly moist. I walk out onto the porch and see my lover. He sees me. I undo the buttons on the front of my thin white dress and let it fall to my feet. I slip off my sandals as I walk down the wooden steps. I keep my eyes on my lover. He wipes the sweat from his brow, watching intently as I walk toward the outdoor shower. I turn on the water and run my hands through my hair. 

I knew it wouldn't take long. He's coming to join me, pulling off his clothes, tossing them aside. I feel his lips upon the mark at the small of my back. He drinks the cool water as it pours over my body. As I turn around, he puts his hands under my ass and lifts me. We kiss. My wet hair sticks to my face. I swirl my head. My hair flips around, the tips whipping his back. He bites my lower lip, snickering. His swollen head slips easily inside my hungry folds. He holds me still until I start to squirm.

"You are such a tease," he says. He pumps in and out, slow and deep. He knows I want more. "It's too hot to go faster, my love," he grins. The teasing makes me want him more. I grab his shoulders, using them for leverage, and ride him just as hard as I can. 

Shit! The hot water is gone. I dry my hair, slip into my most comfortable jeans, a white tank, and head downstairs. Back to my boring everyday life I go, once again. I do the vacuuming, the laundry, and wipe off the table. I knock a glass off of the counter. It shatters all over the floor. I quickly sweep it up and get started on the dishes. Most of the way through them, I see two squirrels playing on the pine trees in the back yard. My mind starts to wander. 

Why am I here, living this life, with a man who barely acknowledges my existence? I feel the tears coming to my eyes, like they always do. I keep staring out the window, wishing I could be as free as those squirrels. I wondered why I didn't do all the things I had always wanted to do, but I knew. I was stuck here, feeling so alone. 

I feel a warmth on my neck and on my arms. It feels as if my lover is behind me, greeting me, as he comes home from work. I can almost feel his arms around me, hugging me tight. I can almost hear his words in my ear. 

"Hello, love. How was your day?" He'd say. 

"I hate it when you're gone. I feel so empty...like part of me is missing."

"Mind if I fill you up?" he'd ask, with the biggest smile on his face.

"Please, my love. Please." I hold on to the edge of the sink. He'd unbutton my jeans and slide them down my legs. His warm hands would move up my inner thigh. I'd spread my legs as he put his fingers in me. He'd undo his pants as fast as he could. I'd spin around and go to my knees. I long for the taste of my lover.

"I've been waiting for this all day," I'd tell him, and take his rigid organ in my mouth. I'd take in as much as I could. He'd groan, quietly. I feel my pussy flowing. I need him, badly. My lips would glide over his cock, sucking and slurping, back to the tip. I'd tease the head with my tongue, lapping up each droplet of my lover's juice. He'd take my arm, lifting me back to my feet, and turn me back around.

"And do you know what I have been waiting for all day?" he'd ask. He'd put his fingers back to my dripping cunt. I'd shake my head, as he spread my wetness to my ass. "I haven't been able to think about anything besides your sweet ass all day!" I'd feel his hard cock press against my tight little hole, entering me. Once passed the head, he'd shove it in deep. I'd squeal, and then push back against him, wanting more. The dish soap drips from my hands onto the floor, just as come drips from my pussy. My slippery hands would slide along the sink, struggling to brace myself for my lover's thrusts. I'd feel him start to swell. I'd moan and scream that I love him. Oh, how I long to hear my lover's sounds of ecstasy as he comes in me.

The phone rings, loud, scaring me. I drop a plate in the sink. I groan. I grab the dishtowel and dry my hands. It rings and rings. Where is it? I never lose the phone...why now? I find it under the couch, and hope they haven't hung up.

"Hello," I grunt.

"Hi. How are you, baby?" My body feels like it has melted on the inside. It is the sweetest sound in the world...my lover's voice.

"Oh, baby! I missed you. You have no idea how much I needed to hear your voice."