 Amber and I had made plans to get together at her apartment. We had met once before and it had been very hot, so I was very much looking forward to seeing her again.

Amber is a fiery redhead with a stunning hourglass figure and the most unbelievable breasts. I'm unsure if they are size D or DD, but they are extremely firm, soft, and in a word... perfect.

I showered immediately before our rendez-vous. I had to resist the urge to touch myself because the simple thought of Amber's naked body and what was about to happen was extremely arousing.

As I drove to her place I remembered our last encounter. She was funny, smart, and so sexy. We could've stayed in bed for hours just talking, kissing, and caressing her pale skin.

I couldn't get to her place fast enough.

I texted her that I had arrived and she let me in. I was happy to see her in her favorite lingerie - she too had anticipated this moment.

I immediately kissed her. No words were necessary. I wanted her, she wanted me, that was all that mattered. Our tongues met and my hands found her buttocks. Slowly I caressed her back and I felt her body shiver.

We stopped kissing for a second and she looked at me with her naughtiest smile. It said: "let's take this to the bedroom".

She then slid a finger under my belt and led me into her bedroom.

Once inside, she still had her back to me and I brushed her hair aside to kiss her neck and shoulders. I caressed her hips and my hands slowly made their way up to her beautiful breasts, gently tickling her belly along the way.

I filled my hands with her breasts and plunged into her neck. Her hand reached around her back and she caressed my already-hard cock through my pants. I was in heaven.

She then turned around and our tongues found each other again. We kissed more and more passionately and slowly, I began to undress her. She tried to undress me but I would not let her - it wasn't time yet.

With each piece of clothing that came off, new skin was revealed and I made sure to kiss, tickle and caress every inch of it like a gentleman should.

I kissed her mouth, neck, and shoulders and made my way down to tickle her nipples. She removed my shirt and I felt her hands running down my back. She knew I was completely under her spell and she could do whatever with me.

Sensing this, she slid off the bed and got down on her knees next to it. I knew what she had in mind and I slid closer to the edge of the bed so she could remove my pants and boxers.

My very hard cock sprung into view and she wasted no time taking it in her mouth. She tickled its tip with her tongue and I bit my lower lip in complete ecstasy.

Amber is quite talented in the art of oral pleasure but she knew deep down I wanted to feel my cock between her amazing breasts. After some intense teasing with her mouth and tongue, she placed my throbbing cock between her breasts and slowly worked them up and down. She looked me in the eyes and knew that every second I was closer to ecstasy.

The excitement reached its peak and I squeezed her breasts around my dick. I knew that in a second I would be exploding all over them and I didn't want to wait any longer. Amber had a very proud and naughty smile on her face from making me cum so fast and she assisted by gently cupping my balls as I felt the electricity go through my body and unloaded on her incredible tits.

After I exploded, she stroked me a few times and looked at me as if to say: "what now?"

Although I had just cum, I wanted more of this woman, and I certainly wanted to repay her for the great orgasm I had just experienced.

I lifted her up, spun her around, and pushed her back onto the bed. I grabbed a tissue from the nightstand and cleaned up the mess I had made on her breasts.

We kissed. At that moment I felt very lucky to have met such a compatible partner for these erotic adventures. I fondled her breasts again and teased and licked them. I could taste small leftovers of my sperm but I really didn't mind - they were just remnants of the pleasure I had experienced a minute ago.

I moved my hand across her stomach and my fingers reached her now wet pussy. I wanted to make this woman mine. I wanted her to want me like I wanted her, and I wanted to bring her to the edge of ecstasy like she had done for me.

My fingers slowly followed the lines of her lips. Her eyes closed and her back lifted off the mattress. At the top of her lips, her clit was obviously engorged and eager to be touched.

I softly circled around it as I bit her ear lobe. She swiftly used her hands to push one of my fingers inside her. I could feel her moisture and I wanted her so bad at this point, but I was my turn to focus on her pleasure.

I slid off the bed and dragged her to the edge so as to have perfect view and access to her slit. I kissed her lips. Softly, two of my fingers entered her again. I began pumping in and out of her while looking at her face. She had closed her eyes to fully savor the moment.

As my fingers were penetrating her faster, my lips circled her clit and sucked gently. She let out a loud moan. It was the first time someone had said a word since I arrived.

She looked at me with an expression that said: "you better fuck me now" but I wasn't quite ready. I began finger fucking her faster and tickling her clit with my tongue. Her head fell back and she grabbed on to the mattress.

I continued. Her moans were completely turning me on. After a few minutes, I felt a familiar squeeze around my fingers. Amber was cumming. So I continued fucking her with my fingers and sucking her clit until she had exhausted every breath and her body felt limp on the bed.

She remained motionless for a minute with her eyes closed, simply trying to catch her breath. I was satisfied that I had returned the favor of the incredible orgasm and now I was eager to make love to her.

I quickly reached for a preservative on the nightstand and stood up to put it on. When she opened her eyes and realized what I was doing, she smiled. I lay down on top of her and we kissed for a few minutes.

As we did so, I rubbed my cock on the outside of her pulsating vagina to give her a sense of what was coming next. I fondled her breasts like a horny teenager and did not stop kissing her for a second.

Then, I slowly inserted the tip of my cock between her moist lips. I stayed there for a minute, only to enjoy the feeling.

But Amber had other plans.

She pushed me onto my back, climbed onto me, and without losing a beat, slid my whole shaft inside her.

I took a second to admire her incredible body on top of mine. Her fire red hair, her pale skin, her beautiful big breasts, and my dick inside her pussy, this woman was absolutely stunning and I couldn't believe my luck to have such a partner to play with.

Amber likes to take control and ride me but at that moment, I was having none of it.

I pushed her onto her side and jumped out of the bed. She seemed puzzled for a minute but I stood up next to the bed and flipped her on her knees. I dragged her closer to me and penetrated her in a swift.

I held her tight by the waist and began fucking her from behind slowly. She lifted her back to give me access to her breasts and I indulged immediately. I kissed her neck as I fondled her breasts and fucked her.

I let out a soft moan: "oh god Amber, you are so fucking hot..." and she simply replied "don't stop, do what you want with my body, I'm yours..."

That was all I needed to hear. I increased my tempo. I couldn't see her face but I knew her eyes were closed. I kept fucking her and thinking about how sexy this tattooed beauty is.

Once again, I was close to orgasm. I wondered whether I should slow down to make things last but at that moment, I felt Amber's pussy tighten around my cock. She was cumming!

"Oh god, oh god, oh god!" she screamed.

That was enough to take me over the edge. I exploded inside her.

I thrusted a few more times softly as things unwind and we both were trying to catch our breath.

Finally, we collapsed onto the bed, facing each other.

She took my soft cock in her hand and jerked it a bit. I kissed her.

"That was amazing" I said, realizing that neither of us had barely said a word the whole time.

What can I say, this woman leaves me speechless.