 I had wanted to be a lifeguard for as long as I could remember. I had been swimming since I was a young child and always enjoyed it, was pretty good too winning many competition events in the junior categories. However my desire to get into this line of work increased significantly when puberty happened and I started to notice the girls I was swimming with, in particular the wonderful changes that were happening to their chests. I quickly discovered I was a tit man and ended up spending most of my free time in the pool swimming up and down, improving my technique but also gazing at the girls and young women in the pool with their tight bathing suits and bikinis. I couldn't wait to loose my virginity to one of the girls, but I was pretty shy and couldn't build up the nerve to talk to them. Still, I found that on most days some busty young lady would decide on a swim. I could get a good look at her heaving chest crammed into some sort of flimsy lycra swimwear, before going home to masturbate over the mental image of her. Either in my bed that night, or if she was really hot, in the changing rooms as soon as I left the pool. I usually wore loose boxer type swimming shorts to hide the frequent erections I got while in the pool, and developed a good method of looking at the girls through my tinted goggles without them noticing. With all this time in the pool I soon got my lifeguard's qualifications and after leaving school started looking for work in this area.

After getting back from a weeks holiday with my mates I was looking through the job advertisements when I saw an advert for a lifeguard in a pool 50miles away, which I hadn't been to before. The travelling would be a bit of a pain, but I felt it would be worth it to do the job I loved. I phoned the number given in the advert and a lady answered. 

"I am phoning about the lifeguard's job." I said and briefly went through my qualifications. 

"Well you sound like just what we are looking for," she said. Her voice was young sounding and had a playful seductive tone, which made me wonder what she looked like. She certainly sounded pretty sexy. 

"I am Nicole, the head lifeguard," she said "If you come down tomorrow after work I will give you an interview. Is 10pm too late as we shut at 9.30pm." 

"No bother at all will I need to bring anything?" I said excitedly keen to show my interest. 

"No we will provide all the swimwear and equipment you need, see you then," she said and hung up.

The next day I travelled to the pool early. I had something to eat and arrived at the front door around 9.30pm. A woman was at the desk, but she looked about 60 and I very much doubted she was Nicole. 

"We are just shutting son," she said. 

"I am here for the interview for the lifeguard job," I replied "I have to see Nicole for an interview." 

"Ah yes, have a seat she will be with you soon," the woman replied. 

After 10 minutes the last of the late night swimmers had left. The woman as the desk got her jacket and walked to the door. 

"Nicole will be with you soon son, I am just going to lock up now. She will let you out." Then she left, locking the door behind her. 

I sat alone for a few minutes, my stomach churning with nerves. Then I heard a door open down the hall. 

"Hello, are you here for the lifeguard job?" A female voice said. 

"Yes" I replied, quickly, jumping to my feet.

"Just come through. I am finishing cleaning up," she replied. 

It was the same voice as on the phone so I was sure this was Nicole. Her voice sounded even sexier in real life, but as I moved to catch a glimpse of her the door slammed shut. I walked over and pushed the door open to enter the poolside area. I looked out across the water to the far side of the pool but couldn't see her anywhere. Then I heard a rustle behind me and spun around.

"Well we have a young one here," I heard as I finally got a look at the elusive Nicole. 

And what a look it was. She looked about 25 years old and stood about 5 feet 3, with a slim build and thick, brunette, shoulder length hair. Her face was very pretty in an innocent way with pale skin and bright blue eyes. She was dressed in a short white skirt and white T-shirt with the logo of the pool on the front, and had sandals on her feet. Her bare legs looked very shapely under the skirt. However what made my eyes bulge out of their sockets on stalks was her chest. 

I had seen many busty girls in the swimming pool and in the big boob porn that I frequently bought, but nothing quite like this girl. Her chest was truly massive and her titanic melons pressed hard up against her T-shirt. The garment was obviously a little small for her, as I assumed most tops would probably be. I couldn't help but stare for a second till I came to my senses and forced myself to look her in the eye remembering I had come here for a job, and didn't want to upset her by ogling her chest when I had just met her. She gave a sly smile just to let me know she had seen my reaction (she was probably used to it) and held out her hand for me to shake. 

"Pleased to meet you. I am Nicole," 

she said in a friendly voice. Her hand was warm and soft just as I imagined her tits…. I forced myself to stop thinking that way and to concentrate on what she was saying. 

"Your qualifications are impressive for someone so young," she continued. "I was expecting an older man." 

"I hope that won't be a problem," I said, with obvious disappointment in my voice. 

"Oh no," she smiled "But I will have to do a few more things in the interview just to check you are up to the task. First things first. I want you to get changed into the uniform so I can check you are presentable enough, this should fit you." 

She handed me a pile of clothes 

"The male changing rooms are over there."

I took the uniform from her and quickly walked to the changing room. Once out of sight I breathed a sigh of relief. My lust for this woman was in danger of ruining my chances here, I would have to try and calm down. I quickly stripped off my clothes and when I removed my boxers I saw I already had a partial erection, despite my best efforts. For a split second I though about jerking myself off over the mental image of her even fully clothed body then and there in the cubicle. However I realised that if I made any noise and she caught me it would be very embarrassing and I would definitely not get the job. I cursed the fact that I had not masturbated for about a week as I had been in a room with three of my mates on holiday and didn't have any privacy. My balls seemed packed full of sperm and I was in a very horny mood anyway, but the delectable Nicole made things even harder. Literally. Things looked even worse when I examined the uniform. The T- shirt and shorts were both white, with the same logo as her uniform, but the swimwear was something else. Instead of the baggy shorts I normally wore she had given me a pair of very brief Lycra hipster speedos which looked 2 or 3 sizes too small for me. I pulled them up but found real problems squeezing my thick cock and balls into the tight Lycra pouch, and the back barely covered my buttocks. I carefully placed my penis facing down between my balls as I knew if I had it up against my stomach the blood would be able to flow more easily into it, making it more difficult to control. Even soft I was struggling to fit in, but with an erection I doubted the brief garment could contain me. Even a partial hard on would be immediately obvious to her. Still, I told myself, perhaps I won't have to take the T-shirt and shorts off, then there won't be a problem. I quickly pulled on the T-shirt and shorts, and taking a deep breath stepped back out poolside…

…And almost fainted with lust. She was down on her hands and knees with her back to me adjusting the water recirculation controls at the side of the pool and with her ass in the air I could see up her short skirt. Her thighs were gorgeous with just the right amount of meat on them and I could just catch a glimpse of her creamy white buttocks under the skirt, with what looked to be a very brief high cut red bathing suit running between them covering her pussy. I felt myself become involuntarily hard but thankfully she got up as soon as she heard me come in, and I managed to get control of myself before she noticed me staring. 

"That uniform looks good on you," she said with a smile. 

She walked slowly towards me with a very sexy wiggle of her hips, and with every step her massive rack jumped up and down several inches under her T-shirt, suggesting very little support for those glorious melons from the bathing suit I now knew wore underneath. If she ever needed to run I imagined they would jump up and hit her in the face! She beckoned me to sit. 

"Might as well get the boring part out of the way first," she said and proceeded to question me in some detail on the safety aspects of the pool. 

This increased my respect for her dramatically, she seemed to know as much about swimming pools as I did and obviously took her job seriously. After about 20 minutes of this she looked up and smiled that gorgeous smile of hers. 

"Well, I am very impressed with your theoretical knowledge. Well up the standard we need. Now we need to check your practical ability. If you just take off your shorts and T-shirt we will get you in the pool."

On hearing that I almost had a seizure. Without the protection of the shorts my cock would be on display in the flimsy lycra trunks, and I was having difficulty controlling it as it was in the presence of this goddess. Still there was no other option if I wanted the job, and the though of working with this woman everyday made me want it even more. I tentatively removed the T-shirt and shorts under her watchful gaze while at the same time willing my cock to stay soft for all I was worth. 

"Hmm," she said appreciatively as the shorts fell to the ground "You certainly look fit enough." 

Her gaze dropped to my groin and she stared openly at the bulge my cock and balls made in the tight lycra even when I was soft. I know knew what it was like for girls in strip clubs having their bodies openly ogled, and to be honest in any other circumstance I would have enjoyed it, but in a job interview with a beautiful woman it just made me feel horrible exposed. 

"Will I get in the water now?" I said quickly, eager to get way from her gaze. 

"Yes in you get," she said. I walked to the steps quickly and stepped down into the pool.

Once in the water I turned round and swam to the edge of the pool for my instructions. She came over to the side and bent down to talk to me. At this point I became very glad I was in the pool. As she bent over the front of her T-shirt dropped open giving me a glimpse of the most impressive cleavage I had ever seen in my life crammed into a tight, low cut, red lycra one piece swimsuit. I immediately felt my cock start to harden in my own tight (and now wet!) swimsuit. Thankfully she couldn't see this in the water, but I knew if I got even half erect my 7 inch penis would probably burst out of its flimsy prison, so I forced myself to look her in the eye as she spoke. 

"Could you do 10 lengths front crawl as fast as you can." 

I then pounded up and down the pool for 10 lengths as she watched my technique and turns. She seemed happy with this. 

"OK how about 10 lengths backstroke?" 

Again I did this quickly and she seemed happy enough. 

"Now for what I am sure is your favourite, the breast stroke," She said emphasising the "breast".

I wondered if she had noticed me looking at her chest. Still, her tone of voice was playful and she didn't seem upset at all, so I assumed I was still OK. After another 10 lengths of the breaststroke she motioned me over to the side. 

"Very good again," she said "Now I need you to help me with the water cannon. The pump has been playing up and you will need to learn how to fix that type of thing If you are going to work here."

I pulled myself out of the water, checking my trunks were still in place before I got out. Nicole gave me a quick glance, her eyes lingering on my now soaking wet crotch, before gesturing to an array of valves at the side of the pool. "See the valve to the right, turn that please" she said, turning to the water cannon and adjusting the nossle. I walked up to the valve and turned it. I then heard a shriek and turned to see the water cannon spewing out a deluge of water, soaking Nicole who was still standing in front of it. 

Oh no I thought, what have I done. I quickly turned off the valve and ran over to her. By now her hair, T-shirt and skirt were soaking wet. 

"I didn't mean for you to turn it on right away. you have got me all wet," she said, not sounding particularly annoyed "Look at this." 

Then she arched her back, thrusting her chest out and causing her now soaked T-shirt to cling tightly to her swimsuit encased tits. 

"Might as well take these off no. I am soaked through," she said. Without any further words she reached down to her waist and quickly stripped off the sopping T-shirt, before dropping her skirt to the floor.

I gasped involuntarily as I got my first proper look at her body. The muscles of her arms and legs were very well toned, probably from all her swimming. I had known her chest was big, but without the T-shirt it looked even larger. Her red swimsuit that I had glimpsed before was again far too small for her and the tight lycra fabric was stretched to its limits around her gigantic chest, while pinched tight against her surprisingly slim waist. The front dipped very low and gave and good view of the most impressive cleavage I had seen on any woman before. Also, unlike most of the busty women who I had ogled at in the pool, the skimpy swimsuit had no separate underwired cups to support her massive bosom. This put a tremendous strain on the thin straps over her shoulders, which looked like they could burst any second. As I gazed across the huge expanse of chest I noticed the swimsuit was pulled tight against her nipples, and I was sure I could see the impression of them in the thin red fabric. The bottom of the suit was very high cut with little more than a thong over her backside, and it was immediately obvious that she shaved down there. It was so tight I was sure I could see the cleft of her pussy where the garment ran between her legs. She got up and moved to the side of the pool, with every step her tits bounced up and down and, unsupported by any other means, put even more strain on the thin shoulder straps holding her in. She must have felt this, as she reached up and cupped her huge chest with both hands forcing acres of her creamy white boob meat up and out the sides of the suit, but taking the strain off the straps. 

"I really need to get a swimsuit that fits me better," she said "With a figure like mine I need a lot more support up top then this gives me. It gets rather uncomfortable walking and I have already burst the straps of a couple of these suits already. Still it is the uniform and the boss won't pay for me to get one specially made to my size. You may find the same problem with yours by the way."

She was right. I had been managing to control my cock up to this point, but the sight of her in that swimsuit was just too much. I felt my cock start to swell uncontrollably, straining the tight confines of my own suit. My cock was still facing down the way between my balls but was trying to raise up creating a large bulge in the front. For a second I was sure I would burst right out, but managed to keep myself stable at about half of a full erection. Still there was absolutely no way she could miss the large bulge and when I looked back over at her she was gazing directly at it. 

"Don't worry about getting me wet," she said in a sexy voice "I was wanting to get into the water anyway. Why don't you join me in the pool." 

For a second I wondered what she meant by "getting me wet" and looked at her groin, sure enough the swimsuit did look a little damp there, and I didn't think the water cannon had got her on that part of her anatomy!

She slid herself into the water slowly arching her back as she went which I found very sexy. Her suit seemed to cling to her voluptuous curves even more when wet. From above her on the poolside I could see right down the top of the suit giving me an even better view of her mind boggling cleavage pushed up by both the swimsuit and now the buoyancy of the water. 

"That is better," she said with a satisfied tone as she hit the water "There is much less strain on my swimsuit in here, I suffer a lot of back and shoulder muscle strains, but in the water I am so much more comfortable. That is one of the reasons I enjoy swimming so much." 

My cock starting twitching again as she said that, and I quickly jumped in myself before she noticed me growing even larger in the tight trunks. We swam up and down for several lengths, she was an excellent swimmer and kept up with me no problem. I was better able to control my erection in the water as most of her body was hidden from me, and was able to carry out a good conversation with her. I learned that she was 24, not married, and had never even had a serious boyfriend. 

"A lot of boys are put off by the way I look," she said "I am certainly not a classical beauty. Also I spend so much time in here working I don't have much time to meet anyone." 

I was staggered to hear how low her self esteem was regarding her body, she was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen! 

"Well it is their loss," I said tentatively, not wanting to offend her "I am sure you will meet someone who appreciates you soon." 

"Oh I am sure of that was well," she said smiling and I felt a warm glow all over. 

After 50 lengths we decided to call it a night. I jumped out of the pool and turned back towards her. She swam up to the side and put both hands on the pool edge, pushing down hard to propel herself out of the water. Then it happened. As her chest left the water all the weight of those magnificent melons was once again supported by the flimsy straps of her bathing suit, and with the extra force of her arms pushing her up the strain was magnified. Just as she was halfway out of the water the left strap could take no more of this punishment and spectacularly burst. She must have felt this happen and reached across to catch the top of the suit before it fell. However this put the entire weight of her bosom on the right strap which had no chance and also burst. In danger of falling back into the water she put both hands down to steady herself which meant there was nothing holding the top of her suit up and it quickly slithered down to her navel as she tried to stand up. 

"Oh dear there goes another one," she said quietly, her face going red with embarrassment. 

I gasped out loud at the sight before my eyes. Her naked tits were magnificent. The bulging shape of her bare chest made it obvious she was 100% natural. The mountains of soft, flawless, creamy white flesh sagged slightly under their sheer weight now they were completely unsupported, but far from finding this unattractive, I loved it. Indeed she was amazingly firm considering her sheer size. Her areolas were very large with a dusky brown colour, and long hard erect nipples that I would have given anything to suck on. 

For a good 10 seconds I stood there looking at her with my jaw on the floor. She made an attempt to pull the top of the swimsuit back up, but there was no way she was going to cram all that bulging tit meat back into the now overstretched and ruined top. She settled for supporting her titanic boobs with her arms, as if presenting them for my enjoyment. Then I realised that she was looking directly at my groin. With a gasp I realised that she was not the only one having problems with her swimwear. The sight of her naked chest had been too much for my already half aroused cock. I felt myself begin to swell up to my full 7 inches and this time there was nothing I could do. Despite the fact it was crammed into my trunks facing downwards I could feel blood rush into my cock as if it was on fire and it reared up against the tight lycra creating a massive bulge. The pressure of this monstrous erection could not be contained for long, I felt the head of my cock work its way up to the tight waistband of the trunks, forcing its way out of the top. Once free of its prison I could feel even more blood flow into my penis and it seemed to swell up even harder, harder than it had even been before. I felt my own face start to go red, and reached down to try and cram myself back in. By that stage I was far too big and I could not get the head of my cock back inside. 
