 Work had been a bear. The new branch manager who took over at the first of the year had been a micro-managing asshole, delegating every possible task onto me & other department managers. Home provided a refuge from the hectic, harried, stressful work environment, but needed release was far too infrequent & very brief when it did take place.

With the economy slowly recovering, at least apparently so, I was inundated with calls from trucking company & steamship line salespeople looking for business. Ranging from email and cold calls to letters and appointments made, I was in the habit of politely declining the opportunity to hear about their wonderful service. Well, most of the time, at least.

There was an attractive salesperson for one of the trucking companies that I never minded meeting with, although it never resulted in additional business for her company. She was tall, around 5'8", with brown-blonde hair, and a killer smile. Her legs were long too; an added bonus.

One day, mid-morning, while digging through my usual onslaught of email, I came across a message from this salesperson, let's call her Julie, which had no subject line. My eyes are always drawn to messages with no subject, because it is as if something is missing in the list of messages. I skipped other messages to read this one, though I was expecting just another message about meeting to discuss business opportunities. Yet, when I opened the message, I found something slightly different.

I don't know who the message was intended for, but it immediately grabbed my attention. I hadn't noticed before opening it that it had an attachment, though I was soon to be glad it did. 

The text of the message read: 

"I can't wait to feel your hard cock pump inside me again, filling my pussy with all that wonderful hot cum of yours. I want your cum all over me, on my face, my tits, my ass, my feet, my fingers, everywhere until I'm soaked. Look at the pic I sent, lover, and you'll know how I want you."

I felt my trousers tent, as I hurried to open the picture attached. There was the woman I knew only on a professional basis, spread-eagle on a bed, with a dildo in her ass, and two fingers spreading her cunt lips, while her middle finger fucker herself. I thought I was going to blow my load right there.

This extremely pleasant surprise made me incredibly horny, but also brought to me a dilemma. God, how I wanted to respond to her, but I didn't want to piss her off. I wanted some of her. It was obvious that she hadn't intentionally sent the message to me, so how could I tell her how much I enjoyed her message & picture without putting her off completely?

After quickly making my way to the men's room to jerk off while thinking of the message & picture, I felt I had no choice but to tell her what I thought of what she sent. I found her business card, picked up the phone, and called her to tell her that we were having some serious problems with some shipments that her company was handling for us, and I needed to sit down to discuss the problem that day. Perhaps a bit underhanded, but I had to think of something to get her near me. I suggested that we meet at a nearby cafe for lunch so we could both kill two birds with one stone. She agreed, and within a half-an-hour, I was out the door for what I hoped would be a very fruitful rendezvous.

I waited by the door for Julie, and I was so glad to see her arrive with a short skirt, and a tight sleeveless blouse. We exchanged greetings, and went inside where I insisted on a non-smoking table in the nether reaches of the cafe.

As she slid in her seat opposite of me, I noticed that she wasn't wearing nylons, and she was wearing the same very sexy toe rings I had seen in the email picture. We both ordered drinks, non-alcoholic so as not to cloud the discussion. I said, "Julie I really appreciate you meeting me on such short notice. I have become aware of some serious issues with something you're involved in." Julie responded, "Well Ted, I'm sorry that you've had a problem with, um, with whatever we did, but I want to help resolve it, if I can." To which I replied, "I was hoping you would say that Julie, because I couldn't imagine what I was going to do if you didn't want to help." Julie looked at me with a smile, though a somewhat confused look was on her face.

"Okay Ted, tell me what happened..." Julie began. 

" I got a surprise today in my email", I said, and with that I opened my briefcase to take out a copy of her message & pic. Her jaw dropped, and she started to ask where I got the email & pic, until she saw from the print out that she had sent it to me.  

"Jesus....uh, Ted, I am so sorry. I was trying to send that to someone, and your email address must have filled in the space...I didn't mean to send it to you, or to offend you. I hope you understand, and won't call my boss, or forward the message to him..." said Julie looking ashamed.

"Oh, I don't think you have to worry about me 'reporting' you to anyone. In reality, I loved the message & the pic. I always found you to be very attractive, but never imagined you looking so hot, so delightfully tasty!" 

Julie smiled, and said, "That is such a relief! Thanks for being so cool about it. I was just trying to send a little 'thank you' to a guy I know."

"I think I should be thanking you, getting me so aroused in the middle of the work day. Just talking about it now has me worked up again."

Still smiling, Julie asked, "So does that mean I make you hard, Ted?" With that she bent down, undid her sandal, and I watched her long leg with a bare foot reach for my crotch. She found me easily, and managed to pin my cock against the side of my leg, massaging me with her heel. 

"God that feels nice, and your foot is very sexy. I would love to taste those toes..."

"Are you sure, Ted? Because if you are sure, I have a fairly light schedule this afternoon, only one appointment late that I can move to another day. If you would like to spend some time with me..."

It took me no time to think. Lunch was out. Julie was in. "Yes, I would love to spend time with all of your body."

Julie wasted no time, and said, "Then let's go!"

We decided that one car would do, so I followed Julie to a nearby public lot where she could leave her car. She parked, then came and got in the passenger side of my car. Immediately, she leaned over, put her mouth on mine, and slipped her tongue deep within while deftly sliding a hand onto my engorged, constrained cock.

Julie's kiss only made my erection more severe, feeling as if I was throbbing like a beating heart. Julie said, "Ted, honey, I need to see what your keeping under wraps right now!", and she took both hands to undo my belt, unzip my fly, and just look for a moment. "I can see a nice wet spot on your underwear. Very sexy Ted", and she lowered her head to begin nibbling my tortured cock through the material. Very adroitly, she opened the fly to my underwear, and snaked her tongue in to lick my shaft. "You are so nice & tasty. Love the salty taste of your pee & sweat". Then with a quick motion, Julie pulled my underwear down allowing my cock to fully rise. Even I thought it looked hot! 

Julie expertly flicked her tongue on the very tip, sampling some pre-cum, then keeping her tongue out, sat up to put her tongue in my mouth. Swishing & swirling around, I could taste my flavor. Julie withdrew, and said, "When you cum, I'm giving you a much better taste of yourself", then she lowered her head to my cock, engulfing it completely. Kneading & squeezing my balls, she pumped me so wonderfully, occasionally rising to tell me how she loved my cock, and telling me how glad she was that I got her message by mistake. Then right back down on my stroking, sucking, kneading, and then slipping a finger in my ass, pumping me. 

That did it. After a few pumps of her finger in my ass, I couldn't hold off any longer. My cum rose up through my shaft filling Julie's wanting mouth. Very kinkily, Julie took her finger out of my ass, lifting it to my mouth to suck off while she finished with my cock. Next she lifted her head, mouth open to show me my cum, then thrust her mouth onto mine. All the flavors were so incredible. My ass & cum shared with a woman so hot. We both swallowed, and she pulled away smiling. 

"Now, Ted, I was just going to give you a blow job so you would be sure to stay quiet, but you are truly sexy, and I want that cock & more of your cum all over me. I think we can be very, very good friends."

I couldn't argue that point, and we left to do as we had planned; getting a room, and taking her in every possible way. Eating her delicious pussy & ass, while giving her all the cum she wanted. 

We remain very close, and I am so glad that I got the misdirected email. We know how to please one another, and have regular meetings to discuss & conduct personal business. I am a lucky guy...