 It was January 2009. Sunita's younger sister Nandini was finally getting married. Sunita herself had requested Hjjer for a couple of weeks of vacation time; she had been working with him for close to year and she hadn't visited her family ever since she's left for Delhi two years ago. In fact she had requested Hjjer to come to the village as a guest at her sister's wedding but he had declined because he was visiting his own family in France for Christmas and the New Year. The wedding preparations were in full swing and the actual consecration was to be in the second week of January 2009.

Sunita's parents had finally accepted the reality that their elder daughter was not going to be pushed into a marriage and therefore they had agreed to break social custom and get their younger daughter married first. They weren't even sure if the elder one was ever going to marry someone.

The weather was as could be expected in the village near Jaunpur town in the state of Uttar Pradesh: cold but enjoyable. The spirit was festive as a number of relatives had all descended home; Ram and Anu had come separately and were going to be here for the entire month of January. Sunita and Anu had a lot of catching up to do since they had met only twice in the year since Sunita had been working with Hjjer. But that would come later. First of course Sunita spent long hours with her mother and her little sister although they were both very preoccupied with the wedding preparations. Sunita sat with her father and told him all about Delhi, about her boss and her job, about life in the big city.

She told him about the various jobs she had tried to settle into; the school, the hospital, and finally her present job as a housekeeper. Not a maid. That's what Sahib had told her and she'd found the appropriate difference in her language so as to explain it to people. She told her parents that she lived in separate quarters for fear that the scandal would be too overpowering for them to handle. She told her father how much money she was making, how she controlled the household finances and kept accounts to give to her Sahib, how she had gone to the bank and had an account opened, how she had a plastic card and went to a machine everytime she needed cash. 

Her father was very proud of his favourite beti, the daughter who would go out into the world and make a life for herself away from the usual child-bearing and rearing rituals of society that her elder sisters had gotten into.

Sunita took her father to the bank the next morning and opened an account in his name; then sitting across from the young officer who had come from the state capital and was posted at Jaunpur branch of his bank, she had some money transferred from her account to her father's. Quite a lot of money in fact. She told him that he was to use it for her younger sister's marriage expenses. She looked at him and saw her father's eyes glisten, a happy sad expression on his face as he held her to himself and kissed the top of her head, hiding his tears. He had never been prouder in his entire life.

They went into town and shopped for everyone at home; bought sarees for all the sisters and a special one for her mother, lots of gifts for the youngest, and she bought a special hookah for her father. They bought presents for Ram and Anu, for her brothers in law, and her father insisted that they pick up something small for the labourers that helped him in the fields and on the farm. Father and daughter had a blast in town that day before taking the bus home in the late afternoon.

At night, after supper, Sunita sat outside by the fire with her mother. They spoke of many things and Sunita told her about Hjjer. Of course she didn't speak of the sexual encounters; only about his character, his travels, the occasional small gifts he would bring for her. Her mother knew almost immediately that her daughter had got into a relationship that would not last but she believed Sunita was extremely happy at the moment. The wise old woman only hoped it would last a long time, but she knew it wouldn't forever. So be it.

In the busy hustle of the next few days Sunita and Anu finally got time to sit together and chat. After dinner one evening almost everyone had retired to their sleeping chambers when the two girls sat outside by the fire, wrapped in warm blankets worn like shawls, and they talked into the early hours of the morning.

Inevitably the conversation veered around to Sunita and her master. She sang such praises of Hjjer that Anu finally asked her if she was in love with him. The look in Sunita's eyes, with the glow of the fire reflected in them, made any verbal response irrelevant; Anu knew that her sister-in-law was smitten. Since the two women had shared many intimacies in the past, including a physical discovery of one another, Anu asked Sunita if she had gone to bed with her master.

Sunita was averse to revealing any of the intimate secrets of her two sexual encounters with Hjjer; to her they were sacred, not to be divulged or revealed. But after much cajoling, she agreed to share some photographs of her master that she had taken with her phone camera. Some of them had been surreptitiously taken while others were in Hjjer's knowledge. There were almost a dozen pictures which Sunita now showed Anu; photographs of Sahib lounging on the terrace with potted plants and a clear sky in the background, pictures of him dressed in a suit taken just before he was leaving for office, there was one of him in a dirty t-shirt with dam sweat marks all over taken soon after he'd returned from a run. None of them were overly intimate but they were of good quality. In a strange moment of incisiveness, Anu looked up at her sister-in-law and said "Your master is in love with you; in fact he wants you".

Sunita blushed, taking back her camera and looking down in an attempt to hide the deep red flush that had suddenly come over her face. In the harsh light of the fire, this may not have been visible but Anu was sure there was truth in what she had said. She pressed on: "Tell me my dearest sister, has he come to your bed?" When Sunita didn't respond, Anu asked in a worried voice "Has he forced himself on you?" Sunita looked up in shock and almost angrily said "No! Definitely not." Anu heard the tone and realised that Sunita was coming to the defence of her master, almost like a tigress defending her cubs.

"Why are you hiding these things from me, my sweet sister? We have a special relationship and you know you can trust me. You I know I will not reveal anything to anyone, not even to Ram. But I will not ask you again if you still do not trust me and do not want to tell me. It is alright if you want to keep your secrets to yourself", said Anu. Sunita whispered back saying "It is not that I do not trust you, Anu. You know I care for you. But I do not want you to worry. He is the best man I have ever met in my life. He is kind, he is generous, and yes he likes me. I think. And yes, I love him. And yes, he has shared my bed. Once only."

Anu was not surprised; she had known. She reached out and put her arm around Sunita, pulling her close to herself as she sidled towards her, sharing the warmth of the fire and the blankets. They sat silently for almost ten minutes, neither saying a word, watching the fire as splinters flew into the air like glowing fireflies.

"Almost five months ago, he came to my bed in the early morning", Sunita began, whispering softly to Anu. "He had returned late from one of his many trips out and I had fallen asleep by the time Sahib came home. He must have had a bath and also did some work because I saw his computer was open when I woke up next morning. But around four or five o'clock in the morning he quietly slipped into my bed. I awoke almost instantly but had to quiet my breathing and pretend I was asleep. I did not want him to think I was awake because I feared he would go away. I had waited so many months for this moment to happen. I was desperately scared that I might frighten him away if I showed signs of awareness.

"I could smell alcohol on his breath but not much; he was not drunk like the rascals in this village. He was so gentle with me, caressing my hair and my face and those parts of my body he thought he could touch without disturbing me. When he lay next to me, facing me, I could feel how hard and big and hot he was in his pants. Dearest sister, I cannot tell you how much I wanted him that whole time. I wanted him inside me even though you know that no man had ever taken me before.

"For more than one hour he must have suffered with the pain in his penis; so solid and hard it felt, I could only imagine how desperate he must have been for some form of release. But he was the perfect lover. At one stage I realised that he was stroking my thighs and that with each caress my saree was riding up my legs. After almost a minute or two I felt his beautiful hands on my naked thighs as his fingers moved in soft smooth motion; he felt the top and the outside, then he moved to the inside of my thighs. It was so sensuous and I wondered if he would touch my cunt; I was not wearing any panties since I had gone to sleep.

"When his fingers came up the length of my inside thigh I shivered, my body jerked and I was now lying on my back. Sahib's fingers were so delicate, like a feather. It was like torture for me Anu not being able to hold him and kiss him and take him to my breast. But when his fingers first touched the hair above my cunt I remember his body jerked hard against me as though he would now finally take me; I think he was surprised that I had so much and so thick pubic hair. When he thrust himself against me, I felt the heat coming from the thick hardness in his pants and once again wanted to rip his clothes off and jump all over him.

"I am thinking, Anu, that maybe I will shave the hair from there. What do you think?" Anu was caught off balance with the question, so focussed had she been on listening to Sunita's narration of her sexual adventure with her master. Instead of replying, Anu took Sunita's hand in hers and pulled it under her own saree up to her pussy. Sunita was a little shocked but happily complied; then she felt the smooth mound of Anu's shaven cunt and the wetness seeping out from inside her. Involuntarily she slipped a finger inside but Anu pulled her hand out and said "Later, my dear sister. I only wanted to show you how it feels when it is shaved. Later you can see it. But now, continue with your story."

And so Sunita continued. "I was also not wearing a bra under my blouse, and after some time I realised that he was unhooking the front and exposing my breasts. I was finding it so difficult to keep up the pretence of sleep and in any case at this stage I uttered a sound and Sahib must have known I was awake. I hoped that he was now too far along to stop."

Anu listened, mesmerised at Sunita's words and the soft intonations of her voice; it all sounded so erotic the way she was narrating the story. Anu felt a moistness between her thighs, wanting so very much to push her hand under her dress and play with her pussy. In fact she wished she could get Sunita to do that but instead refrained from any action or sound. She just kept listening to her sister-in-law.

"Till today, sister, I remember every moment of that night", Sunita continued in her hoarse whisper. The memories seemed to be arousing her to the same frenzy she recalled from the time Hjjer came to her bed. "He was not wearing any vest or shirt but he had his pants on and I was beginning to realise how torturous it must be for him. But he continued. When he felt the hair in my armpits you know Anu, I thought he would not like it. But he kissed me there and buried his face inside. Thank god I was not smelling bad."

"At one stage I unbuttoned his pants and released his cock from inside. It is so very fat and big but I love it. It is as beautiful as Sahib is. It is strong and rigid and firm and when I felt it in my hands I wanted to bring it all over my body. I wanted to feel it against my face and in my mouth and inside my cunt but I did not hurry the pace; I let the master do exactly as he wanted to. In fact I did not take it in my hand at that time. But I will tell you later that I once had him in my mouth while he was asleep.

"After some time I could feel Sahib removing the folds of my saree from where it was tucked into the petticoat. Then he found the drawstring and untied that. And finally he pushed down the petticoat and saree together down past my thighs and my legs and shoved them off the bed. As I waited, he slowly removed my blouse and dropped that off the bed too. I was completely naked and wished so much that he would now remove his pants also. I think for maybe five minutes he just kept looking at me in what little light there was in the room, although daylight was slowly arriving. He kissed me on my mouth and the taste and feeling was the sweetest I have ever experienced.

"And then he suddenly got off the bed and my heart almost stopped beating. I thought he was going to leave. But I heard his pants rustle down as he took them off. He walked up to the top of the bed and stood for a short time in front of my face. Then he bent down and kissed me again. Can you imagine, Anu, what I was going through? I thought his big gorgeous cock must be right above my head and I wanted so much to take it in my hands and wrap my mouth around it. My heart was really beating fast. And then he straddled me on the bed, his knees on either side of my hips, his massive penis emanating such heat that I could feel it on my stomach.

"I think my mind stopped working after that. Sahib was naked and I was naked and when he lay down again on top of me I was nearing a climax just feeling his body against mine. After that Anu, Sahib did the most fantastic things to my body. He kissed me on my mouth, then he took my nipples one by one into his mouth and his tongue whipped them almost savagely. You know how big my nipples become and now they were like that, hard and long in his mouth. I could feel his penis against me, sometimes on my belly and also against my thighs.

"But then came the most pleasurable moment in my entire life as he slid down my body and his mouth reached my choot. My cunt was so wet by then, like rivers flowing down on the insides of my thighs and trickling down between the crack of my buttocks. He started so gently around my cunt lips, till he found the hard protrusion of my clitoris. During the next half an hour, Anu, I must have reached a climax at least six times. His breath was hot and my cunt was almost on fire; I kept holding his head and maybe I would have hurt him because I was pulling him by his hair trying to push Sahib's face deeper and deeper into my pussy. Never have I experienced such feelings; feeling of love for the man coming from my heart and feelings of such lust and passion that came from every pore of my body.

"His hands were also constantly on me while his mouth was on my cunt; he would rub my breasts, his fingers would toy with my nipples, sometimes he would slip in a few fingers with his tongue inside my cunt, and sometimes he would push his hands under my ass and grab the flesh so tight. Once or twice I felt his fingers go inside my anus and when that happened I must have had my most violent orgasm ever. I cannot explain to you my sister what heaven I experienced that night with Sahib, just can never explain in words.

"After I thought I could not take any more of his tongue and his lips and mouth on my pussy, he seemed to immediately understand without any word or gesture from me. His body slipped upwards and his face was against mine. His mouth was on my lips and I must have sucked the air from him because I drew his tongue inside my mouth and held him so very tight. And then suddenly, I felt his thick cock at the entrance of my vagina. For a brief moment I forgot about my virginity; I had waited so many years to find the man I wanted to give it to and now that he was about to penetrate me, the thought had disappeared from my mind.

"I remembered only when Sahib began to push his very thick and swollen lund inside, so gently he was pushing himself in, and then suddenly he stopped. He must have been totally shocked because I could now hear his voice. I think he was saying sorry and that he did not know and maybe other things that I could not understand at that moment. In a flash I realised what must have struck him: that I was still a virgin; for almost two hours that my master was making love to me, I had lost myself completely to him. I think he was going to withdraw himself from my cunt so I grabbed his buttocks and with all my strength tried to pull him inside me.

"Sahib resisted, probably not knowing what to do because surely his passion and his body was driving him forward but his brain was telling him to move away. My nails dug into the tough muscles of his backside and I fought like a lioness to keep him inside me. I do not know what went on in his brain but he stopped pulling away, looked down at my face as I opened my eyes and stared back at him. He kissed me again, gently and softly on my lips and maybe on my eyes and face. Then he placed his hands under my buttocks and clasped them and started stroking his lund inside me slowly, going in only maybe two inches till he felt the resistance of my hymen. But he was hard and thick again, and this time he pushed hard and I screamed when he broke the barrier and went past that point. He kissed me again as soon as I screamed, whispered in my ear, and then continued shoving himself slowly inside me. Within seconds the pain had gone and I could feel Sahib filling me up.

"It was a very beautiful moment as I realised that my Sahib was now going where no man had gone before. My body was being filled up by him and then I felt his balls against me and I knew he had gone all the way. He stayed like that for some time; I think we were both enjoying the moment, the strange and new sensation of being in each other. Then he began fucking me; first slowly, then the pace of his strokes increased and all the time I had the sensation that his lund was growing thicker and thicker and that he may tear me apart. But every time he pulled out till only his tip was inside me and then he would push himself all the way deep inside. And on each stroke the hard rod would press against my clitoris and almost bring me to another climax. Making love to my Sahib is the best thing that has ever happened to me in my life; I have never experienced as much pleasure as I did that day."

As Anu stared at Sunita she saw a fine sheen of sweat over her sis-in-law's face and neck as well as her heaving chest that was visible ever since the blanket had slipped off Sunita's shoulders. The fire was dying down but the embers still cast sharp shadows on the girls' faces. Anu reached for her companion's hand and asked "how many times have you had sex with your Sahib after that?"

Sunita looked at her friend with a disheartened expression on her face and replied "Never. He has not come to my bed after that and I cannot be the one to make the next move; that would not be appropriate." Reading the next question on Sunita's surprised face, Sunita continued in a whisper, "I do not know why he has not wanted to make love again. Maybe he wants to but is too awkward or shy to approach me again. I have seen him look at me as he used to before; in fact even more lovingly and kindly. I am sure he wants to have sex again but I don't know how to make him ask me. If he does, I will go to his bed without a second thought. You don't know how much I crave for the moment when he shows me a desire to bed me again; I wait every day and every night for even a sign in case he is too embarrassed to speak it out."

Anu stood up and pulled Sunita to her feet, saying "Come, we must go to sleep. Everybody has already gone and we have much work to do for your sister's wedding in the next few days. Let's douse the fire and go in. Ram has gone to Jaunpur and he's staying the night at his friend's house so we can use the large room in your house. Come."
