 Dear Readers, 

Thank you for reading "My Man, My Marine, My Lover!" and for giving such wonderful feedback on the story. Many of you were kind enough to leave comments and send messages asking for more to be added to the story. So much so, that I couldn't resist visiting "Brat" and Brian again. So here is "My Man, My Marine, My Lover! Part 2" as requested. I hope you enjoy it. 

I send a special Thank You to my editor and many people's favorite Brit, "Flyboy!" Thank you so much for all of your feedback, assistance, and for your patience with me. I hope to have many more wonderful experiences working with you. Also, a big Thanks to "small_ town_ girl" for her kindness in reaching out a hand to a fellow writer and sharing her talents and resources so graciously! xo 

Summary: Brat (Andrea) and Brian have been friends and neighbors since they were young. As they grew up, they became best friends, though Brian is a few years older than Brat. As young adults, they finally have come to realize that they love each other. 

Brat has known she loved Brian from the beginning. For her, it was love at first sight. It took Brian a little longer. Now, they have come together and realized their love, shared their love. After a night of passion and love making they need to face reality again. History repeats itself for the young lovers. Once again, Brat has told, and this time shown, Brian that she loves him and once again he has to leave her. 

Our story picks up as Brian is deployed for parts unknown. 

I hope you enjoy My Man, My Marine, My Lover! Part 2 It is dedicated to you, the readers who were so kind as to comment and ask for more! P.S. Extend a "Thank You" to a Service Person or a Vet if you have the opportunity. They sacrifice more than we will ever be able to comprehend when they serve their country and unfortunately, sometimes sacrifice more when they return! 

Thank you, Apple 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

It broke my heart watching Brian say good-bye to his Mom in the kitchen where the three of us spent so much time. I knew he was hurting, but the sadness and worry on her face literally caused me pain. I felt a physical pain in my heart and a burning sensation in my stomach as I watched her fight back tears. I loved this woman like a second Mom. She has always been there for me from day one. Now, her baby boy was being deployed and she was doing everything in her power not to hold onto him for dear life. 

"Mom, don't be mad or upset. I want to say good-bye to you here. I don't want you coming down to the base with me. You know you will only get more upset and cry. I want to remember you here at home." He kisses her forehead, then both of her cheeks, and finally gives her a big hug and kiss. 

"I love you. Never forget I love you." Brian whispers in her ear as he kisses her and turns to walk away. 

His Mom just stood there and nodded. As soon as he turned, the tears started to flow. She knew she was safe to let them go now because she knew Brian wouldn't look back after kissing her good-bye. She knew he couldn't take the pain on her face or look at the sad anguish in her eyes. It was the same pain and sad eyes that he remembered seeing on her so often as a child. It was the same pain and sad eyes that she had as his father had to leave on deployment. 

I stood in the doorway watching as two of the people I loved most in this world were hurting. One I had to leave for now, the other would be leaving me. The ache in my heart was overwhelming but I promised myself that I would not cry. There would be no tears and no look of pain on my face. Brian told me how he hated the idea of leaving me and seeing the same pain he saw on his Mom's face as a boy. I made a promise to myself then that I would never do that to him. I would never let him leave me thinking that he had caused me pain. I promised that I would send him off with a smile and all of my love and that's what I would do. 

As he walked out of the kitchen, I was waiting for him just outside the doorway. He took my hand and we walked through the living room and out the front door without looking back. His Dad was standing by the jeep waiting for him. Brian tossed his bag in the back and then he turned to face his Dad. 

"Stay smart son. Stay alert at all times. There are no friends there. You have your men and your platoon, everyone else is window dressing. Watch who you give your trust to and give it sparingly. Keep your helmet on and your head down, but keep your eyes open at all times." He was speaking Marine to Marine, but the look in his eyes and the just ever so slight vibration in his voice as he said the word 'son' was all father to son. "I'll see you before your unit leaves the base. I'll stay here and take care of your mother for now." 

Then his Dad broke his stance and wrapped his arms around Brian and hugged him. He quietly said, "I love you and I couldn't be more proud. I hope you know that." 

"I do Dad. I love you too. You're my hero and I have always been proud of you. My goal in life has always been to be like you and to make you proud." He hugged his Dad again. 

I couldn't look at them anymore. I turned my back away until I heard Brian say "good-bye." Then I turned back. In all of the years I have known these two men, and been in their presence, this was the first time I heard them say they loved each other. I cognitively knew they did. I saw they loved each other, but I never heard them say it. My heart and soul were moved by their emotion, but I held back any sign of tears. 

Brian took my hand and walked me around to the side of the jeep and helped me in. I was the only one going to the base with him. My parents had already said their good-byes. I could see them standing on the front porch as we pulled out of the driveway. 

As we passed our house my Mom and Dad waved. My Mom blew him a kiss and Brian pretended to catch it and placed it on his heart. They hadn't done that in a while and it made me smile. Then he waved as we drove passed. 

I let the silence surround him and calm him for a few minutes before I reached over and covered his hand with mine. His hand rested on the gear shift and mine just rested over his. It reminded me of how, when we made love, he placed his hand over my sex to comfort and protect me. To say, it's ok, it's all going to be ok. I have you and I won't let anything hurt you. I wanted to say all of that to him with the touch of my hand. A few seconds later when he looked at me and smiled knowingly, I knew he understood exactly what I meant by my gesture. 

"Brian." I said quietly. 

"Yeah Brat." I could see the smile overtake his beautiful face. 

"I love you." 

"Yeah. I know." He looked at me and winked. 

"Andrea." 

"Yes." I barely got it out. 

"I love you too. Never forget that, I have loved you all my life and then some." 

I could hear a little quiver in his voice. So, I tried to think fast on how I could break the tension before one or both of us lost it. So I fell back on humor and sarcasm. Two of my favorite forms of communication when all else fails. 

"Yeah, well Marine, it took you long enough to get up the balls to tell me. Of course you're pulling that shit where you tell me you love me and then take off on me. Is that some kind of tactical training technique? If so, I want to know. I need to talk to our Dad's about changing it, because, basically it sucks!" 

Without even looking over at him, I knew he was smiling. So, I just squeezed his hand and kept looking straight ahead. No sense in tempting fate and looking at him. I know he's handsome and sexy. I don't need to look to see that he loves me. I know that he is mine, My Man, My Marine and My Lover! More importantly is that he knows it now too. 

As we got closer to the main gate, I pulled my I.D out of my purse and handed it to Brian. We pulled up to the guard and Brian handed him the identification and his duty sheet. The Marine at the gate nodded and waved us through. We were getting close. I was going to have to say good-bye soon and drive back to the house by myself. I said a silent prayer. 

Dear God, please help us get through this. Please don't let me breakdown or cry. Please help to keep us both strong. Protect him, watch over him, and bring him back to me. Keep him safe and let no harm come to him or his men. Give them all the strength, wisdom, and courage that they will need. Protect him, protect them all and bring them home safe. Amen 

We pulled into the designated drop off area and Brian parked at the far end of the parking area. We were about fifty yards away from the other cars on one side and parked next to a tree line on the passenger side. He wanted to ensure that we could have a little privacy. He got out of the jeep and came around to my side. As he took my hand to help me out, he handed me his keys to the jeep. 

"Do you think you can handle a stick?" He asked. I had only learned how to drive his jeep over the last few weeks. 

"Have I disappointed you or your stick with my handling?" I smiled and winked at him. 

"No Brat, you surely have not disappointed me or my stick." He said laughing. "I only wish we had more time. There are so many more things I would have liked to teach, I mean to share with you." He was teasing me. 

"After yesterday, I can only say, there are so many more things I would like to learn from you." I teased back. 

I stepped forward until my body was up against his. There was definitely full frontal contact as I slid my arms around his shoulders and hugged him. I moved my hand along the back of his neck and stroked up the back of his head as I just looked into his eyes. I loved looking into his big brown eyes. They showed so much emotion when he allowed them to. 

His head came down and he placed his forehead to mine. He still maintained eye contact as he started to talk to me. His hands were half around my waist and just ever so slightly touching the top of my ass. It was nothing that would appear to be inappropriate in public or on base, but I wished it were. Brian would never do anything like that, at least not without a lot of encouragement. The question was just how much encouragement would it take? I really didn't want to send my Marine off without loving him one more time. 

The problem was as large as the base is it's also very small in some ways. I didn't want to do anything that could reflect poorly on my Dad. More truthful would be to say, I didn't want to get caught doing anything that could reflect poorly on my Dad! Brian interrupted my thoughts mid-plan. 

"I want you to listen to me. I want you to take care of yourself. I don't want you to worry or stress out about anything. Andrea." He hesitated and I knew I wasn't going to like where this was going. So I stopped it before he went any further. I quickly placed my fingers over his mouth before he could continue. 

"If you are going to say something stupid or something that you know is going to either make me mad or hurt me, I want you to stop right now. I don't want to hear anything stupid or painful from you. You have two options here Marine. Option number one is to make me happy, kiss me, and tell me you love me. Option number two is to make me sad or hurt my feelings and I'm going to call my Daddy to kick your ass." 

I took a step back, gave him my 'you really don't want to piss me off look' and looked him in the eye. He looked down at me, than he took a deep breath and looked up to the sky for a few seconds to gather his thoughts. 

"If you're still planning on saying something stupid, I suggest you pray for a little help while you're looking up there. Because if it's option number two, I'm going to hurt you so bad before my Daddy even gets in his car to back me up. So, which is it Marine, make me happy or make me sad?" 

"I guess I have to go with option number one. All I have ever wanted to do is make you happy. It just took me a while to figure out how to do that." He said thoughtfully as he leaned in and kissed me. 

"Well, I guess it's better late than never. I always thought you were a slow learner. I don't know how you did so well in your schooling and training." I teased. 

"My Dad taught a lot of the classes and I have friends in high places." He laughed. 

"Yes you do and don't forget it." I stepped back into his embrace and I wrapped my arms around his waist. 

"I'm going to have to go soon. I really do have to say a few things and I want you to really listen and hear what I'm saying." I pulled him closer, but I didn't stop him this time. If he needed to say it, I was going to let him. It didn't mean I had to listen to it if I didn't want to. 

"I want you to be happy while I'm gone. By that I mean, go out. See your friends and do things. If by chance you meet someone who interests you, give him a chance. You might be surprised and actually have fun. I love you and I want you to be happy. That's all I'm saying. Ok?" He was a little cautious as he looked at me for a response. 

"Ok, now you listen to me. I love you. I have loved you since I was eight years old. My love for you has changed since then, but it has only grown stronger, deeper, better. If you think just because you gave me that speech, that I'm going to return a similar one to you, you are sorely mistaken Marine. I want you safe and healthy. I don't care if you're happy over there. If I even think you're "getting happy with anyone or anything" other than your own hand, I will be on a plane to wherever to kick your ass. That's all I'm saying. Ok?" 

"What did I do to deserve you in my life to torture me?" Brian shook his head as he rolled his eyes at me. 

"I don't know what you did, but it must have been pretty good to be awarded with me." I winked at him. 

We heard some commotion and realized the rest of the outfit was getting prepared to assemble. 

"I'm going to have to go soon." He closed his eyes and again he put his forehead to mine. "I love you. Take care of yourself for me." 

"I love you. Take care of yourself for me too." 

I didn't care who was looking or what might be said later. I pulled him towards me and my mouth was on his and my tongue was probing his mouth before he knew what hit him. Our tongues danced together, first slowly like a tango with equally matched partners. His tongue in control, then my tongue in control. It didn't take long before the dance changed and he was lead. His lips consumed me, his tongue controlled me, his moans drowned inside of me and all I wanted was more of him. I slid my hands down to his ass and pulled him into me as close as possible. 

He let me hold him and kiss him for another minute or so. Then he broke the kiss and pulled away just an inch or two before he buried his face into my hair and took several long breaths. He stayed there for a few seconds and slowly his face drifted to my neck line. I could feel his soft kisses on my neck as he slid down and continued to inhale deeply along my throat. At last he drew his face to the curve of my neck and again I could hear him inhale as I felt the warm air escape across my skin as he let out his breath. 

"Brian, Baby what are you doing?" It felt great having his face gently glide along my hair and skin, but he was breathing so deeply, I thought something might be wrong. 

"Do you remember when we were about to make love the other night?" He whispered into the curve of my neck as he took another deep breath then kissed my neck again. 

"Yes Baby, I remember." I stroked my hand along the back of his head and neck and pulled him in closer. 

"Do you remember when I knelt in front of you and rested my head on your abdomen, then took a few deep breaths?" He moved his head forward and kissed the tops of my breasts and cleavage as he again breathed deeply. 

"Baby, it is a picture that is forever in my mind." He licked along my breast line. "Oh God! Brian what are you doing to me?" I sighed as I felt his hands slide over my ass and he continued to place light kisses on my neck and upper chest. "Yes. I remember, I remember every minute of that night." 

"I was scenting you. I was taking in your scent, your unique smell. Breathing your scent not only into my nose and lungs, but inhaling you into my blood, into my mind, and into my memory. So I could keep you with me no matter where I was or how long we were apart, I would be able to smell you and carry you with me." 

"Oh Brian, this isn't fair to do this to me now. I want you so bad." I ground my pelvis up against him and pulled his head down into my neck again. I felt myself getting wet just from his kisses and his words. 

"Why did you do this now? Oh Brian, please." I was almost whining. 

I sighed his name out as I looked around to see if there was anyone around or watching us. I couldn't get my body any closer to his. My back and ass where up against the jeep and I couldn't let him go. 

"I want you baby. I don't know how we're going to do this, but I want you now." He growled into my ear as I ground my pelvis against his newly formed erection. 

I took his hand and brought him toward me. No one could see us on this side of the jeep and the trees were blocking us from the back. I slide my hands under my skirt and shimmied out of my panties. I pulled him close to me so that there were only a few inches separating the two of us. Then I started to undo his belt and pants. He looked at me hesitantly but didn't say a word. The next second he was kissing my ear and sucking on my earlobe as I moaned into his shoulder. 

"Oh Fuck Baby. We don't have time." He moaned as I reached into the front of his pants and wrapped my fingers around his cock. 

"No, we don't have time, so don't argue and get to work." I kissed him and gently bit his lower lip before he had a chance to disagree with me. 

I stroked his erection fast and hard until I knew he was close to coming. I could hear him panting in my ear and for a second he just froze in place and looked at me. 

"Andrea, I don't have any condoms with me." 

"I'm glad to hear that. So, you weren't planning on getting happy without me?" I teased as I reached back to my bag and pulled out a strip of condoms. 

"Just what were you planning?" He looked at the strip of five foil packaged condoms. I looked at him and smiled as I licked my lips. 

Then I lifted my skirt up in the front and pulled his cock from his pants. I pushed myself up on to the seat and spread my legs as they hung out of the door well. He moved forward and I scooched closer to him. I wrapped my arms around his neck and continued to kiss him hard as I plunged my tongue into his mouth and started my own RECON mission. 

Brian took hold of his erect cock and with speed and agility placed the condom. He took a deep breath as he leaned forward and guided himself into me. I slid forward a little more until I was just barely on the edge of the seat; I wanted all of him in me and I wanted it now. Slowly he started to rock his pelvis up to me. It felt wonderful to have him inside of me. I braced my feet on the jeep's nerf bars and started to move along with him. 

Brian continued to kiss my neck as his hands started to fondle my breast. Squeezing my breast tissue gently in his hands as his thumbs stroked my nipples into firm little pellets. My breathing escalated as I started to rock faster and he thrust into me deeper. I felt his right hand slide down between us and then I felt his fingers between my sex lips. 

"Oh Christ Brian, I can't believe we are doing this." I was panting now and I could feel the hot energy building in my sex, my juices were flowing and I could feel every move he made inside of me. I was trying to pull my legs together and push harder into Brian but my position simply would not allow it. He had to control our movements. 
