 Donna stared at her reflection in the bedroom mirror and smiled, pleased with what she saw. The denim baby doll shorts hugged her full ass, revealing the bottom curve of her cheeks and hinting that she was pantyless, which she was. She loved how the rough seam of the denim rubbed her sensitive clit, making her pussy even wetter with every move she made. Oh, how she longed to slip her fingers down the front of her shorts to ease the ache. She wouldn't, though. She had promised James she wouldn't. No, she had promised Master she wouldn't and that was how James wanted her to address him if she did this.

She tied a knot in the bottom of the white school shirt, pulling the two sides together, tight across her full 34c breasts. She could see her nipples, already hard, thrusting against the fabric, clearly visible through the fine cotton. She lightly stroked her fingers over them, closing her eyes in pleasure at the sensations flooding her body, and her pussy. Oh, how she needed to be fucked right now, she thought to herself. But the pleasure was in the waiting and wait she would. The rewards would be so worth the wait.

Tying her blond hair into a ponytail she heard a familiar tune from the lounge down the hallway and knew that Tom was catching up on the science programmes he had recorded during the week. Sunday evenings were always for watching documentaries on some boring subject or other. She could not understand his fascination in them or why he never wanted to fuck her when she tried to entice him away from them. After all, there was nothing wrong with her body. She was still slim, her breasts firm and perky, a perfect handful. Her pussy was neatly trimmed and always ready for some action yet he was never interested. He only showed interest on a Saturday night, when it would be a quick wham, bam, thank you ma'am in the missionary position before he collapsed to the side and fell fast asleep.

The doorbell rang causing her pulse to spike, her pussy twitching in anticipation. She resisted the urge to cheer out loud as she walked down the small hallway and opened the door to their visitor. There was no response from the lounge, as she had known there wouldn't be. Nothing would tear Tom away from his shows.

"Hello, slut," James said as he stood in the doorway. He wore a white t-shirt that showcased his muscular chest. His arms bulged with muscles honed from hours spent in the gym where she worked. Faded blue denims hugged long muscular legs and did nothing to hide the prominent bulge in the front.

"Hello, Ja -- Master," she replied, resisting the urge to strip his shirt off and lick those rock hard muscles. She had always had a weakness for hard muscled men which is why it always amazed her that she ended up marrying a nerd like Tom. "Please come in."

"Who's at the door?" Tom called out, his tone one of annoyance that someone should dare call and interrupt his viewing time

Donna looked at James and smiled before leading him into the large lounge. The flat was not very big but the lounge was a good size with room for a leather three piece suite, tv stand and a small dining table in one corner.

"Master has come to visit me," she replied feeling a thrill through her body as she admitted who James was to her.

"Master?" Tom frowned and turned away from the screen, looking from Donna to James. If he noticed anything unusual about her outfit he said nothing, never really noticing what his wife wore.

James turned to Donna and gave her a predatory smile. He had already dismissed Tom from his thoughts, recognising that the other man was no threat to what he planned for Donna. "You have not greeted me properly, slut. I thought I had taught you how you should greet me."

Donna's eyes widened, lust and excitement blazing in them. She licked her lips before dropping to her knees and unbuttoning the fly of his denims. His hard thick cock sprang free into her waiting hands and she held it with eager hands. Her fingers lightly stroked its long length before she leant forwards and took him deep in her mouth. His musky essence filled her senses making her pussy leak even more as she started to suck him with long slow sucks. She forced her throat muscles to relax to allow him to go deep, loving the feel of him filling her.

"Donna? What the hell are you doing?" Tom said, springing to his feet shock etched upon his features. "Stop that right now!"

"Sit down." James' voice was firm allowing no option to disobey. "Your wife is greeting me how a slut should greet her Master," he said as Tom sank back down in his seat.

Donna moaned and licked the sensitive tip, suckling lightly on it whilst she swirled her tongue around. She felt James place his hands on her head, pumping his cock into her mouth with long, fast strokes. Her eyes watered but she continued to suck him, using her mouth to make him harder, fill her more. His grip was rough in her hair but she relished the pain as a good slut would.

"Such a good cocksucker, aren't you, my slut?" James hauled her to her feet and placed her in front of him, facing Tom. He ripped the shirt from her body so that her breasts tumbled free before being grabbed by James. With his long fingers he squeezed the soft flesh, pinching the nipples with firm tugs causing her to moan. "You like this, don't you, slut? Tell Tom how it makes you feel. How it makes your pussy feel."

Donna moaned and looked at her stricken husband. She felt no remorse as she looked him in the eye. He had had his chance and had lost it. "Hot," she replied, her voice husky with need. "Desperate. My pussy craves his cock, so wet and ready for him to plunge it into me. I yearn for him to fuck me hard and fast. To use me as he wants to."

James let his hand travel south, over her flat abdomen until he reached the button on her shorts. With an experienced flick the fabric parted and soon his fingers were sliding inside and plunging into her sodden pussy. He rubbed her clit hard and fast, pinching and stroking, driving her to the edge until she was humping his hand, moaning out loud.

"Oooh, Master, Master, please. I need you to fuck me, please, Master!" She begged, hips moving frantically against him. 

James smiled and continued to play with her pussy, driving her closer to the edge before pulling back. With his other hand he rubbed and pinched her fat nipples, leaving finger marks marring the paleness of her tits.

"Your pussy is so wet for me, slut. My fingers slide over it with ease and into that greedy cunt. I could take my cock out now and plunge it inside you and you would cum instantly, wouldn't you?"

"Yes," Donna sobbed, eager for him to end this exquisite torture. Only James could play her pussy so well that she was both desperate for him to stop and desperate for him to fuck her. Hard. Fast. "Yes, Master, I need you to fuck me. To take you cock and plunge it in your slut's pussy and fill it with your cum."

He lifted one of her tits to his mouth and had a long, hard suck. His teeth nibbled on her nipple delighting in the moans she made, the gasps as she begged for his cock. He moved his fingers faster on her clit, rubbing and pinching until she finally shattered in his arms.

"MASTER!" she screamed as she jerked uncontrollably against his hand. Her juices coated his hand and fingers as her pussy wept over him. He could feel the spasms wracking her slender frame as he removed his fingers and offered them to her mouth. 

"Clean them, slut," he commanded. "Tell Tom how good it was."

Donna dutifully licked his fingers clean, tasting her juices on his fingers. She looked over to Tom, seeing the tears on his face. She felt nothing for his distress only a need for her Master. "It was awesome. I've never come so much, even with a dildo. I feel wonderful and I need more. I'm addicted to you making me cum, Master. He could never make me cum like you do."

"Remove your clothes, slut. Let us show your husband what he is never going to experience again."

Donna stripped off her shorts, noting the dark damp patch on the crotch. She could not remember when she had last been so aroused. Her pussy felt both chilled and hot as the air cooled against her damp flesh. She could feel her thighs rubbing slickly together from where her juices flowed down her legs.

"On your knees." James rapidly divested himself of his clothing and stroked his cock as he watched her get on her hands and knees. Her sweet ass was high, her pussy glistening in the lamplight. "Your pussy is so wet, so ripe for my cock," he said as he ran his fingers along it's length. "This is what a real cock looks like, Tom. Long and full to fill a pussy like that. To stretch it and own it so that she knows whose slut she is."

He moved behind her and slammed his cock straight into her waiting pussy. Donna cried out as he filled her. He could feel her flesh stretching to accommodate his length and girth as he pumped his cock in and out of her rapidly.

"Her pussy is so tight. Gripping my cock like a glove. So wet. I can just piston this right into her without any resistance and she loves it. Don't you, slut? You love my cock ramming into your needy cunt like the slut you are?"

"Yes, Master," Donna gasped, her knuckles white as her fingers gripped the rug. "I love it when you ram your cock in my pussy. You fill me. I want it always in my cunt. I want your cum to always trickle from me." She moaned as James quickened his pace. "Harder, Master. Fuck your slut harder!"

She looked over at Tom and bit back a smile as she saw that his had was moving absently over his crotch where a modest bulge now poked at the fabric. She reared back against James and cupped her tits, tugging on their nipples, watching as Tom undid his trousers. It was almost as though he didn't know what he was doing as he could not stop watching James fuck her hard.

James pushed her back onto her hands as he fucked her harder. His balls slapped against her wet pussy as he plunged all the way into her gripping cunt. He had seen what Tom was doing and felt triumph ripple through him as he saw how aroused the other man was. More fun was to be had with this couple, he decided as he quickened his pace.

"Like what you see, Tom? Enjoy watching your wife being treated like the slut she is, on her knees for her Master. Taking his cock in her wet cunt and begging him for more. Does it make you hard? Does it make you envy her? Do you wish you were her?" He watched the other man's eyes widen, his fingers pause for a moment before working faster over his aroused cock. "What do you think, slut? Do you thick your husband wants to be a slut, too?"

Donna watched Tom's frantic, guilty movements and felt fresh lust surge through her. He didn't want to watch but he couldn't stop, just as he couldn't stop working his little cock. His fingers rapidly stroking the slim shaft as though they had a mind of their own.

"I think he loves it. I think he'll do anything for you, Master, just as I will." She cried out as James slapped her hard on the ass, loving the sting and burn from his hand. Another slap followed, creating a ripple effect from her ass down to her pussy. She screamed as she felt her pussy start to squeeze his cock, clamping down on him as it tried to milk him. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head as waves of intense pleasure crashed through her. She lost all sense of awareness as she plunged into a deep vortex of sensation that centred on her spasming pussy and spread outward. Liquid shot from her cunt, coating her thighs and spraying the carpet beneath her. 

Her arms felt like jelly as she collapsed down onto the floor. The carpet rubbed roughly across her sensitive nipples as he continued to thrust into her pussy making her moan out loud. She was vaguely aware of Tom crying out as he came but all she could feel was that cock ploughing into her.

James grabbed her hips and yanked her against him as he erupted deep inside her. He felt his cum stream out of him, coating her pussy walls as he continued to pump against her. Groaning, he ground himself against her until he was spent and she was collapsed before him. Moans slipped out of her mouth as she tried to regulate her breathing and regain control of her shattered body.

He slipped out of her, climbing to his feet and walking over to where Tom sat shuddering in the leather chair. His hand gripped his still hard cock, feeling the wet stickiness of their combined juices coating it.

"Did you enjoy that, Tom? Did you enjoy watching your wife being a slut? Did it make you hard and needy? Did you want to be that slut?" He stepped closer to Tom, stroking his cock to life. "You have two choices. You can walk out of that door and never see your wife again or you can accept me as your Master and submit to anything I want of you."

James watched as the other man flicked his eyes from his cock to where his wife lay twitching on the ground. Her pale flesh marked by his fingers, her legs shiny with pussy juices. Her eyes were open but not seeing as she gasped each breath into her starved lungs. He knew that with one command he could have her ready to take his cock again. It had not taken much to make her his slut. He had a feeling that it would not take much to make Tom his as well.

He saw Tom's eyes come back to his cock, following how his hand stroked along the long length whilst his other toyed with his balls. There was a brief flash of a tongue tip as he licked dry lips before swallowing.

"What's it gonna be, Tom?" he asked, stepping closer until his cock was inches from the other man's face. "You gonna walk or ...?" He left the end unsaid letting the other man acknowledge the choice before him.

Tom looked at the cock before him. It was huge and wet and shiny. It bobbed in front of his eyes, pointing to him. Tempting him. Leading him towards a path of no return. He should get up and walk out of the apartment, keeping his dignity and control of his life. He should go and never look back. He should ...

He swallowed and looked up at James. "Master," he said before leaning forwards and allowing a cock to fill his mouth for the first time in his life. The television droned on in the background, totally forgotten, as he savoured his first taste of his wife and James' juices mixed together as James started to fuck his face with slow, determined strokes. His choice made, Tom gripped James' hips and sucked cock like the slut he was.