 I looked up and down the hall then slipped in the very small copier room and shut the door behind me. Danny stood against the copier. I walked up behind him and pressed my body against him. My hand slid down the front of his hips and to his crotch.

"Hey Stud." I whispered in his ear while I planted soft kisses on the back of his neck. 

"What are you doing here?" He asked, not even one flinch, "The meeting is about to start."

"Just thought I'd come say good morning is all." I smiled and kissed his neck some more. It had been about a week since our rendezvous in his office and since then, we haven't had any golden opportunities because his dad had been visiting all that week. He'd been lurking around the office throughout the day. He almost caught us flirting in the kitchen two days ago. 

He turned around to face me in the tiny copy room. He brought his hand to my chin and gently brought my lips to his as he kissed me softly. "Good Morning." He smiled, "My dad flies out tonight for Ireland. I fly out tonight for a business trip to California, come with me?" 

"Wow!" I exclaimed. I certainly wasn't expecting that. That's a big jump real quick from one time casual sex in the office. 

He noticed my hesitation, "I have a meeting with some investors tomorrow afternoon, they are also buddies of mine from college. I figured I can use you to talk about efficiency with our workforce, employee retention levels and growth. I'll arrange your, you'll have your own room, meals and drinks will be taken care of. You will be paid double time and you don't even have to spend time with me if you don't want to." He flashed me a sexy grin.

"Wow!" I said again, and looked at him as if he was crazy. 

"Please? Don't make me beg!" He grinned and said in his charming accent. 

"Okay, I'll go!" I agreed and slipped out of the copy room and into the conference room. All day long, all I could think about was the trip. It felt like it was too much way to quick. I had mixed feelings about it the entire day but I loved the idea of sneaking off for a wild weekend with a married man. 

After work that day, he had his driver take me to my apartment and he waited in the car for me to get packed. We then headed straight for the airport. Upon boarding, I found my seat. He was in the second row, in-front of me. As the cabin door shut, Danny noticed the seat beside me was empty, he quickly switched seats to sit beside me leaving the row in front of us empty. The row across from us was also empty. 

"I hope you don't mind." He smiled as he sat down next to me. 

"Not at all." I smiled. "Danny, tell me the truth, why did you invite me along? I know you don't need my help with this meeting."

"So I can get you alone." He smirked.

"What if I don't want to spend time with you? What if the only time I'd leave my room or see you would be during the meeting?" 

"Ashley, I know you can't resist me. I know that will never happen. What will happen is that you won't want to leave your room because I will be there with you and you won't be able to get enough of me!"

He sent shivers up my spine as he leaned in and said that to me. I was blushing like mad but I tried to play it off. "You mean it's the other way around- you won't be able to get enough of me."

He smirked and leaned in to speak softly in my ear, "I'm exercising self control, but you...you want to take me in that tiny restroom over there and fuck my brains out, don't you?"

I smiled widely, it was as if he was reading my mind. I didn't say anything, his face was still inches from mine as he finished talking, I turned my head to him, placed my hand on the back of his head and pulled him in for a hot passionate kiss then whispered to him, "I can wait!"

After the drinks came by, he worked on his laptop a while. Maybe I was just tired, but I was told that it didn't take very long til I was fast asleep on his shoulder, not waking up til we landed. We took a taxi to the hotel. Our rooms just next to each other. 

As I opened the door to my room, he said in his low voice, "I'm probably going to grab dinner at the Italian restaurant on the corner, I would enjoy your company but I do understand it's been a long day and you might want to just get room service."

I smiled, "As a matter of fact, I would love to join you for dinner!" I responded. I quickly got in the room and freshened up. I let my hair down, I switched out my heels for some basic flats and took my blazer off. I was wearing a fitted black and white dress. It was Friday so Danny was wearing his usual khakis and a light blue polo.

As we met up in the hotel lobby, he extended his arm which I took as he walked me out and down the street to the restaurant. "You look rather stunning tonight." He complimented me.

"I just dressed down a little." I responded.

"Well you dress down beautifully." He smiled.

"You sure know how to charm a lady, don't you?"

"C'mon Ashley, you're no lady."

"Perception is everything." I smirked as we walked in the restaurant. 

We were seated in a quiet corner in the back. It was pretty late at this point and there was only two other couples in the same section of the restaurant. It was dim lit and very romantic. After ordering our drinks and an appetizer, Danny scooted closer to me in the booth seat. 

"I still can't believe I'm in California with you." I said.

He leaned in and kissed my neck, "Well believe it." He whispered while he repeatedly kissed my neck and along my collar bone softly and slowly. 

"Ahem." I cleared my throat as I saw the waitress coming back with our drinks. He stopped and respectfully received his drink before going back to his seduction. 

"Is this how you exercise that self control you were telling me about?" I joked.

"No, this is just teasing because I know how bad you want me right now!" He spoke softly against my skin. 

As the night went on, the conversation grew from casual talk to flirty to down right dirty. Mr Gallagher sure knew his way with words. He was torturing both of us. 

Two hours and four glasses of wine later, the waitress came and removed our half eaten plates and took care of the bill. Danny got another bottle of wine to go. As we walked back to the hotel, he could tell the wine had an affect on me. I didn't drink very often and he could tell.

I giggled alot and lost my balance a few times. He got us up to my room and he sat down on the couch, picking up the phone and calling down for two wine glasses. I kicked off my shoes and hiked up my dress as I got on top of him, straddling him. I felt his already hard cock press against me through our clothes. I leaned in and kissed him.

"I want to get to know you better." He said.

I pulled back and looked at him, "Why?"

"Because you're more than just a booty call."

At this point, I was definitely feeling more like the mistress. 

"Ask whatever you want and I'll try to answer honestly." I smiled.

There was a knock on the door. I got up and walked over to the bed laying on my side, my head propped up by my hand. Danny got the wine glasses and poured us each a glass. He laid on the bed, mirroring my position to face me.

"Ask whatever I want?" He repeated my words.

"Yes..."

"Ok!" He swirled his wine around in the glass. "Tell me about your family."

"Well typical average family, my mom and dad retired and moved to Florida, I have an older brother, married with two kids. They live about an hour away from me."

"No sisters?"

"Nope always wanted one though."

"I'm an only child, be happy you have at least a brother."

He asked a few more questions about my childhood and growing up until he started asking about my dating and sexual history.

"How old were you when you lost your virginity?"

"I was Eighteen, you?"

"Sixteen."

"What's the kinkiest thing you've ever done?"

"Anal." I answered without hesitation.

"Wow! Tell me more?"

"I was dating this guy that kept begging me for it. I gave in to his fantasy and found out that I liked it."

"Is there anything you don't like? I think you like anything that involves a dick!"

I set my wine glass on the night stand. I took his, reaching across him, I set it on the other nightstand then I crawled on top of him. His upper body was now leaned against the headboard. I sat up on him. My hands stroked his chest. I leaned in and kissed him. 

"Talking about dick, I think I'm ready for some."

"Oh is that so?" He said while unzipping my dress. He pulled the straps down my arms and my dress bundled around my waist. He quickly undid my bra and tossed it on the floor. He leaned in to kiss down my neck and chest. He kissed down my sternum and across my ribs. Soft moans escaped my lips. 

My hands wrapped around his neck and my fingers ran through his hair. He worked his tongue on my nipples, teasing me more than I could bare. My pussy was already soaked from all of our conversations and teasing all afternoon. All the built up tension ready to be released. I just wanted him in me.

He flipped me onto my back, I slipped my panties down and pulled my dress off. He pulled off his polo and undid his pants and boxers. 

He paused and looked at me, "God! You have an amazing body!" His hands moved to my bare pussy feeling my wetness. 

"Mmm, I love how wet you get for me!" He leaned in kissing me passionately. He got between my legs, the underside of his member pressed against my clit as we made out. He slowly starting grinding his hips, sliding his cock up and down my clit. My moans grew louder, muffled by his kisses. Why was he still teasing me! 

My legs wrapped around his waist. I gripped his forearms tightly, "Fuck me!" I commanded.

"Let me hear what you want!"

"I want your cock!"

"I can't hear you!"

"I want your big fat married cock in my pussy!" 

"Yea? As you wish!" In one swift thrust of his hips, he was buried deep inside of me and started trusting, giving me everything I wanted and more. 

I screamed out from his thick cock entering me with no caution. He fucked me good and hard. He adjusted his position, gripped me by the hips and started thrusting deeply into me. His moans were deep, his head flung back and his eyes shut. 

His phone started vibrating on the nightstand, he saw it was Annie, his wife. He ignored it til it went silent but it started ringing again. 

"I bet I know who that is!" I taunted.

He responded by grabbing me with his arm around my lower back and pulled me in top of him.

"Ride me!" He demanded.

"Yes sir!" I started grinding back and forth with his cock buried deep in my wet pussy then I started lifting myself up and down on his shaft. 

"Oh yes! Oh fuck yes!" He groaned.

"You like that don't you?" I leaned in to whisper to him, "I bet Annie doesn't fuck you like this! I bet she can't handle this cock like I do!" I bit my lip before kissing him. I sat up on him, my hands on his chest as leverage as I rode his cock. His hand on my hips as I did. His grunts were so hot. I was getting so close! 

"Get on your hands and knees!" He ordered. I obeyed, getting on my knees, ass sticking up in the air, my shoulders pressed down on the bed. He grabbed my ass and slid his dick deep in me. I cried out as he was forceful. He fucked me hard and fast, not stopping, not even once. He slapped my ass hard as he continued to pound me. 

"I'm going to cum!" 

"Fuck! Me too Ashley!" 

My pussy tightened around him and my orgasm erupted. Danny continued to pound me through my orgasm causing me to shake uncontrollably and screamed as he extended my powerful orgasm.

He squeeze my ass cheeks hard and slap it as he grunted, "I'm going to cum!" His moans became higher. He pulled out and came on my back, shooting his warm cum, stream after stream down my back. He laid on the bed next to me as I got up to get cleaned off. 

After he caught his breath, he said to me, "Annie never gets loud; I love that you're so loud! All of you're sounds turn me on. I bet you woke the neighbors up." 

I smiled as I disappeared into the shower to get cleaned up. He was asleep when I returned. I crawled up on the bed next to him and went fast asleep. 

We woke up to the vibration of Danny's phone. He jumped off the bed in a panic, "What time is it?" 

"Calm your shit its 12pm. The meeting is at 2pm."

"Oh!" He calmly said before sitting back down on the bed, "Can you pass me my phone?" 

I grabbed it off the nightstand and passed it to him. As I handed it to him, he grabbed my hand and pulled me closer to him. He kissed me. "Good morning!"

"Good morning!" I smiled then got up and started my morning routine. In the bathroom, I could hear Danny talking to his wife, "Sorry baby, I was asleep. As soon as I got to the hotel last night I went to bed, only just woke up."

After a few mins of silence, I heard him speak again, "No, not tonight, I'll be home tomorrow baby. I have another meeting tomorrow." 

He poked his head in the bathroom as I was brushing my teeth, "I'm going over to my room to get some work done and get ready, meet you in the lobby at 1:30?" I nodded and continued getting ready. 

I was wearing a very business professional dress, a little more loose fitting that normal with a blazer thrown over and some pumps.

Danny was wearing a very nice suit when I met up with him in the lobby. The cab arrived shortly after. It was a short ride to the restaurant we were all meeting at. Upon getting there, there was a group of 4 other men and one other woman. Danny introduced me to everyone and we quickly sat down. 

Quickly into the conversation, I learned that this is no regular business meeting. He did say they were college buddies but he didn't say they were frat brothers. The four other gentlemen all pooled resources together after college and invested into two well known franchises. After a few successful years, they started opening different businesses of their own and now they were interested in becoming shareholders in Dannys company. 

After what felt like hours, they were finally done. One of the guys, Mike, invited us all to his club. "I've got the VIP section reserved for you all, all the alcohol you could dream of and I've got the girls coming! Go get changed and head on over, we'll party like old times!"

As we got out and caught our cab, I asked Danny, "What's the plan? Are you going to the club?"

"I think I'll go hang out for a little bit. Are you going to come with me? I have to warn you however, it gets pretty Rated R up there."

I looked at him thinking, "How bad could it actually be?" 

"The only problem, is that I didn't pack any party clothes."

"Driver, to the nearest mall please." Danny asked the driver. 

As the driver pulled up, Danny handed me his personal credit card.

"Oh Danny, no, don't worry about it." Refusing to take the card. 

"I insist, I told you, I asked you to come out here so I'll bare all the expenses!"

I refused again.

"Ashley, please!" He begged

It didn't take me very long to find my favorite store and find this gorgeous red lace party dress. It was pretty much see-through lace running throughout the dress. The thin lace straps met the square neck line. The breast area had some type of material under the lace to not be too revealing but then the midsection was see-through lace. The material under the lace started back up again at the hips and ran a few inches down. The hem line was once again see through lace that stopped mid thigh. It was classy yet sexy. 

We got done and headed back to the hotel to get changed. Danny came knocking after he got changed. I had my dress on and my hair down but I was still working on my makeup when I opened the door. 

"Damn girl!" He said as he slapped my ass as I walked away to finish my make up. 

I slipped my heels on and walked out. He was sitting in the chair over by the little desk in the room. I admired how sexy he looked. He was wearing a white button up shirt, jeans and white sneakers. 

Upon getting there, we were greeted by a few of Danny's college friends and a few girls that was with them. We were taken to the VIP section upstairs. There was about 15 people there that Danny knew pretty well. 

The club somewhat lit with the strobe and flashing lights. There was a lot of people everywhere. The smell of cigar smoke filled the air as we entered the VIP section. 

I spoke in his ear above the music, "Do these people know that I'm not your wife?" 

He chuckled, " They were all at my wedding."

"Oh, I'll try to remember not to interact with you inappropriately." 

He started laughing, "All these girls are the Mistresses." 

"You guys are all scum, aren't you?" I joked with him as I pressed myself against him and kissed him passionately. 

"If I'm scum, what does that make you for sleeping with a married man? He smiled before pulling me in for another kiss 

"Are we going to have some fun tonight?" I asked

"I'm going to get you drunk!"

Danny's friend, Mike, who owns the club came over with drinks for both of us. He said something into Danny's ear then turned his attention to me. He extended his hand and introduced himself. 

He then spoke in my ear, "Rules of the club- First dance goes to the host!"

I smiled, looked over at Danny, almost if to ask his permission. He nodded and gestures to where everyone else was dancing. I passed my drink to Danny to hold. Mike took me by the hand, half way through Baby Bash's cyclone and escorted me to the cramped dance area of the VIP section. 

He spin me around before pulling me close to him, my back against the front of him. He grabbed my hips as we grind our bodies against each other. The song was finished soon after and he returned me to Danny who was now chatting with a few friends.

"I didn't know you were a good dancer." Danny leaned in to speak in my ear before going back to his conversation. The woman that was there at the meeting earlier, walked up to me introducing herself as Katherine. 

As we chatted, I got to know her a little better. She was the secretary of Craig, Danny's best friend from college. She was also his mistress. It seemed as if being successful business men wasn't the only thing they had in common.

Craig came over and reintroduced himself from earlier. He bowed, took my hand and kissed the backside. "What a sweetheart!" I thought as he made me blush. 

Danny brought us both a drink and joined into our conversation but Craig pulled Katherine away shortly after to dance with him. Everyone was out on the dance floor at this point in the night. 

I looked at him, "Are you going to dance with me?" 

"I don't dance." He stated. 

"Oh please! Don't be like that!"

He shook his head.

I smirked. "For every song you dance with me, I will take a shot."

He smiled, "Hmm, well I can't pass that up! You've got yourself a deal."

He said allowing me to pull him to the dance floor. Surprisingly, he had some smooth moves on the dance floor. He made it through 6 songs with me. I knew I was fucked after he continued dancing with me after the 2nd song. He held me close grinding up on me. The songs seem to get steamier and the dancing got sexier and so did Dan. 

"Alright, time for your shots!" He smiled, "I believe that would be 6." 

We headed to the bar, Craig and Katherine joined us. He allowed Katherine and Craig to order first before ordering 4 shots of tequila.

The bartended brought the shots out and Danny passed them around to all four of us. "Bottoms up!" He said before we took our shots and lime. We all hung around the bar for a little bit. Danny ordered himself a whiskey on the rocks and a martini for me accompanied by two more tequila shots.

"Don't make me do them back to back!" I pleased. 

"No, I won't do that to you. I'll take this one with you then I'll let you take a break before your next set." He grinned devilishly.
