 "Knock-knock!" I was rudely awakened from my hot daydream as my boss, Danny, poked his head through my office door. I didn't mind at all since he was the guy in the daydream.

"To what do I owe this visit?" Looking up at him.

"Do you have those reports for me yet?" He asked as he walked into my office. 

"Umm... yea, here they are," I said quickly ruffling through the stuff on my desk and handing him a folder. "That should be all you need." Playfully pulling my arm back as he reached for them. 

"Quit your games!" His deep voice playfully scolded as he grabbed the folder and left. I watched as he disappeared again, leaving me to my thoughts.

Danny was ridiculously handsome. He was 33 years old. He originally started the company with his dad when they moved to the USA after he finished college. Since then, it developed into a successful mid-sized gas company. His dad had retired recently and moved to Europe and he officially took full reins of the company two months ago.

He stood at about 5'9, 230lbs of pure muscle and broad shoulders. He wore his black hair short and his face always seemed to have two days worth of stubble on it at any given time. His green eyes were always the first thing you noticed when he looked at you, not to mention his faint Irish accent. He always wore high end suits and a nice watches except for Fridays when he wore polos and khakis. 

Every drop dead gorgeous man always has a flaw, his... he is married. He is married to a gorgeous woman and together they have a 2year old and a newborn, 7 months old. But honestly, he he could get any woman he wanted and he knew that. 

I have had my eyes on him ever since the first time I met him. I was 25 and I had just started working for the company as HR assistant. I was maybe 2 months in when he started coming in everyday, training to take over after his dad. 

I directly reported to the owner, which now meant that I reported directly to him. Which I had no problem with whatsoever. I was always known as 'fiery' at the office and everyone hated it but Danny because he knew it got the job done. It was simply my no-nonsense attitude. I am very tasks oriented and straightforward and if you were slacking off, as HR, it was my job to let you know. 

I am 5'5", very slim but have some hips and a big ass. I have long brown, straight hair that stopped mid-back and brown eyes. I always wear fitted dresses and high heels to work, always gaining some attention especially from the field guys whenever they came into the office. 

My work load was never ending and staying late on an afternoon was not out of the ordinary for me. Danny stayed late as well but always left before me. He'd always stop by my office on his way out and check on me before he left. His tone was always different from when he'd speak with me during the work day. 

He spoke low and sweet, sometimes asking me about my personal life sometimes even flirting with me. He would send a lot of mixed signals but I knew he was married and wasn't going to go further than that. I was pretty sure if he wasn't married, I would have had him by the second week of him being boss. 

I would always flirt with him and most times he'd brush it off but he would blush like a little kid. He would shake his head and tell me to stop. It never seemed to bother him very much though. I think he liked the attention or else he would have put a stop to it. 

He swung by my office one Thursday afternoon at about 5:55 as I was getting packed up to leave for the day, "Hey, I have a few things I need your help with, care for some overtime?" 

"Not a problem, give me a few minutes and I'll swing by your office." I had stayed late many evening working on stuff but never with him. I ran to the restroom, touched up my makeup and fixed my clothes before grabbing a cup of coffee and heading to his office. 

I smiled at him noticing his suit jacket was hung on the coat rack. His shirt sleeves were rolled up to his elbows, his collar button undone and tie somewhat loosened. I loved the way he looked. "Hey Stud, what do you need?"

"Ashley, you know that is sexual harassment in the workplace right?" He blushed as he jokingly stated in his adorable accent.

I smiled, "Report me to HR then!" At that point I was head of HR.

"How would you like it if I made comments to you constantly, eh?" He was trying to pretend to be serious but he couldn't help but smile.

"Hey sugar lip, come to my office!" He tried to make a point.

"That was bad but if you got better at that I wouldn't mind!" I laughed. 

He shook his head and smiled, "I don't know what to do about you missy." He walked around to sit behind his desk. "Alright, enough of that, let's get to work!"

"Actually, let's go over here!" Pointing to the cozy sitting area overlooking the lake at the other end of his office. There was a three seater, white vinyl sofa on one side, a black glass coffee table in the middle and two white arm chairs on the other side of the coffee table. 

We sat in the armchairs with his laptop on the coffee table. He pulled up a report that he needed my help breaking down for him. Before I could start explaining the report, he started asking me if I had any plans for my weekend. 

"I don't have anything planned but I might hang out with some friends."

"No plans with the boyfriend eh?" He smiled.

"Ha!" I laughed, "We broke up a few weeks ago!"

"Oh, I'm sorry!"

"What are you sorry for? Don't be sorry, I'm glad I dumped his ass." 

He laughed, "You're too much to handle huh?"

I blushed, "Oh, if only you knew..." 

"Tell me." He commanded. 

"Mr. Gallagher, are you flirting with me?" I was probably beaming red at that point.

"I was just innocently inquiring about your stubbornness. I assume that's what you were referring to."

"Oh, sure." I smiled. 

"Alright alright, lets get down to work." Referring to the excel sheet.

As I started explaining the report, pointing things out in the excel sheet, I noticed his attention was elsewhere. His eyes were scanning my chest.

That day, I wore a fitted black skirt that stopped at my lower thigh, a tucked in navy blue chiffon low cut blouse and black stockings being held in place with a red garter waist belt and matching red lace bra. I wore no panties that day as that wasn't unusual for me. I was also wearing 6inch pumps.

"What was that about sexual harassment in the workplace?" I looked at him, calling him out on his actions. 

"Ahem," he cleared his throat, followed by a cough. 

"I'm sorry Ashley, you caught me redhanded. That was very unprofessional of me." He said calmly before glancing at the laptop screen again. 

"Danny, why did you ask me here today?" I smile, changing my position on my armchair to turn slightly more to him with a new found sense of confidence. 

"Ashley, I'm sorry, but I really need these reports broken down for me." He looked sincere, "You're just a distractingly beautiful woman is all." He smiled.

"Oh no, no, no!" I looked at him, "I don't think that is all..." 

He chuckled, "What do you mean?"

I spoke low, "I think you know!" 

"Alright enough, I'm sorry, now let's move on please?" His accent was a bit more heavy and his face red. 

Just as I was about to tease him, his office phone rang. He cleared his throat once more and excused himself. 

As he took the call, my thoughts got the better of me. "He was checking me out...Does he want me? Is he not getting any from his wife? Was it just an innocent glance? No, he wants me... he even apologized and complimented me, not to mention the flirting earlier." 

Between my thoughts, I could hear him talking to his wife. "I'll be another hour or so baby, just have dinner without me."

My thoughts crept back into my head, "Does his wife know he's with me late at the office?" For some reason, the though of his wife not knowing excited me. A smile crept across my face. As he was finishing up his call with her, I walked over to him. 

He stood against the wall on the side of his desk. As he hung up the phone, he looked over at me as I walked towards him. "What are you doing?"

I smiled, "I'm on to you mister!"

He blushed, obviously guilty if flirting but denied it, "What are you talking about?"

I walked in front of him to face him and grabbed him by the tie. I pushed him against the wall, "Why did you call me to your office?"

"I really do need help with that report!" He stuck to his story.

"Oh yea? Well I have a theory." I stated as I pushed myself up against him. 

He chuckled, "What's your theory? Let me hear it?" He sounded cocky and confident, like what I was going to say was going to be crazy, out of this world reasoning.

"I think you obviously know I want you and you secretly want me too. You have been able to resist your temptations but that is until your wife got pregnant. After a while it was still good but then she stopped putting out. She gave birth and you thought things would go back to normal but she hasn't touched you since. You're just desperate for a good shag and my teasing has been overwhelming." I smiled seductively.

He smiled devilishly as his hands moved to my thighs, lifting me to sit on his desk. He leaned into me and said, "What if that was true?"

"You tell me..." I responded, my lips inches away from his. I was dripping at this point. The tension was too much and I wanted him. I just wanted to feel his body against mine and his hard member inside of me.

"That makes you my dirty secret, now doesn't it?" He breathlessly stated before kissing me aggressively. 

I was so horny for him, my nipples were hard, my pussy was soaked, my legs were weak and all this man did to me was kiss me. I hiked my skirt higher up my thighs so that I could wrap my legs around him. His hands moved up to cup my tits through my blouse as he moved to kiss my neck, sucking gently.

I unzipped his pants to find his already hard cock, pulling it out and stroking him. He was thick and veiny. He must have liked the feeling of my touch because he bit down on my neck as I squeezed harder. He let out a small moan against my skin driving me crazy!

I tilted my head back and arched my back. Danny undid the buttons on my blouse exposing my red bra. He pulled the laced cups down below my C cup tits and took a nipple in his mouth while tweaking the other nipple between two fingers. 

My lips parted and a loud moan sounded. He pulled away, looking at me as he walked around the front of his desk. His eyes wild and hungry for more. He stood with his cock in his hand and motioned me over with a finger. 

"Come put those lips on me!" He said.

I got off the desk and walked around to him. I knelt in front of him, letting my long brown hair down. He put his hand on the back of my head, I looked up to him, "Are you sure about this?" 

"Ashley, just suck my cock!" He demanded.

"Yes boss!" I looked up at him as I took his cock in my mouth. He wasnt all that long, maybe 6 or 7 inches but he was so thick. I immediately took his entire length in my mouth. The head of his penis hit the back of my throat. I immediately started bobbing my head up and down, taking all of him in my mouth each time. His hand never left my head until he was ready for more. 

"Get up." He said between moans. He pulled me against him and kissed me again passionately, sliding his tongue in my mouth. His hands slid under my skirt, grabbing my ass in his hands. 

He grunted, "Bend over the desk for me." 

I did as instructed. Putting one knee up on the desk causing my skirt to ride up to around my waist and spreading my dripping wet hole for Danny.

He smirked, walking up behind me, he pushed my skirt further out of the way. "Is today special or do you forget your panties often?" He moaned as his hand came crashing down to spank me then moved to rub my clit. "You're so fucking wet!"

He dropped to his knees and dove his face in my pussy. He buried his tongue deep in me then he found my clit. I almost came right then and there from him flicking his tongue over my clit repeatedly. My moans became louder and louder. I wanted him in me so badly.

I didn't realize my thoughts had transpired to words, "Please, Please Danny!" 

"What is it? What are you begging for Ashley?" 

"Your cock! Fuck me Danny! I want to feel your cock in me, please!"

"Yea ma'am!" I heard his belt being undone and his pants fell to the floor. Next, I felt his hand grab my ass and his fat cock head at my dripping wet hole. He pushed into me slowly, I gasped and screamed as his thick monster stretched me out. 

He moaned in ecstasy, "Fuck, that pussy is going to make me cum in no time!" He started pumping in and out slowly at first then increased his speed. He was slamming in and out of me, he hunched over and his hands came under me to grope my tits. 

I pushed myself up and arched my back. His arms wrapped around my mid section supporting my upper body. As one hand continued to play with a nipple, the other side down to rub my clit. My back arched more, my head moving backwards to rest on his shoulder. He continued pounding me. My entire body was in pleasure. 

I turned my head to kiss him passionately when I felt the intensity of my orgasm building, " I'm going to cum!" 

"Me too." 

My pussy started squeezing his cock, my moans grew louder and louder. I slumped my body across the desk once again, gripping the edges tight as I came hard around his dick. 

"Get on your hand and knees, Let's see you swallow!" His voice was low and raspy, so sexy, how could I turn him down?

I got down on my knees and opened my mouth. With just a few strokes of his cock, stream after stream of hot cum quirted into my mouth. I swallowed it all then sucked the remainder off his cock. 

I sat there on my knees for a few moments, exhausted. He laughed at me as he buttoned his pants and fastened his belt. 

"Did that really just happen?" I looked up at him as I fixed my clothes. 

"No, I don't know what you're talking about." He smiled.