 I was staying with a friend who lives in a small village just outside Skegness in Lincolnshire; I'd visited him before but this was the first time I'd gone alone, and as I was alone I was staying with his family in their spare downstairs bedroom. On the first night, we went out in Skegness and got drunk. We pulled a couple of local females but aside from a little kissing and as much touching as I could get away with nothing interesting happened.

The next night Tony, his girlfriend Gill, and I went for a quiet drink in a few of the pubs in his village. These are proper village pubs that have no interest or respect for the licensing laws which say they should be closed by 11.00 PM; consequently we arrived back at his place by half past midnight we were still surprisingly sober and planned to watch a bit of TV before bed.

We went into his living room to find his 18 year old sister watching TV by herself. Tony and his girlfriend sat on one sofa leaning against one another and holding hands. I sat on the other sofa with Tony's sister Nicola. The four of us watched the TV chatting about what had happened since we'd last seen each other. I glanced across at Tony and Gill; she had been getting sleepy and was now lying with her head in his lap and one arm wrapped lazily around his lower leg. I looked towards Nicola, she was looking at me. Without saying a word she rested her head against my arm. I moved my arm around her shoulder letting her slide down my body until she was lying in my lap. My hand rested naturally on the soft flesh of her belly. 

As Tony and I talked for a while longer I was gently stroking his sister's skin, she didn't object and I could tell from his look that Tony was cool with the idea of me being with his little sis. Tony finally decided he was tired and he took Gill upstairs to bed. He thoughtfully closed the door so that his parents wouldn't hear anything. Nicola seemed to wake up just after the others left. She turned on to her back and looked up at me. 

"You were staring at me earlier," she said. 

It was true I had been looking; she was good looking and had a fantastic body. I had fancied her from the time I first saw her about three years ago when we'd been at school together. 

"I was just looking, have you got problem with that?" I asked.

"No," she said smiling. 

We looked into each others eyes; it seemed like hours but was really no more than four or five seconds. I don't know who moved first but the next thing I knew she had propped herself up and I had leaned down and we were kissing each other. It started with just soft short kisses on the lips then it developed into more passionate and lingering kisses, and finally both our mouths were open and we were locked in a long deep French kiss. My hand was still on her belly. I could feel her stomach muscles tense while she was holding herself up; I raised my knees to support some of her weight and felt her relax slightly.

Nicola was wearing the clothes she'd been in earlier that day. A loose fitting white t-shirt and a short black skirt. I stroked her short brown hair while the fingers of my other hand moved cautiously under the first couple of inches of her t-shirt. I didn't know what to expect when I did that, I half thought she'd push me away and run screaming to her mum and dad. The other half expected her to do nothing, either through being too surprised to act or through wanting me to touch her. I thought she was going to push me away when I felt the soft warmth of her small hands on mine; instead she pushed my hand further up her top, revealing her breasts in their soft white bra.

Holding her around the shoulders and waist I gently lifted Nicola into a sitting position. We kissed again and I wrapped my arms around her small body to undo her bra. I tugged her bra and t-shirt from her arms in one go, leaving her beautiful creamy white breasts exposed. I couldn't resist getting up close with those pert little tits, so I lowered my face to her chest and began to kiss her very gently on the top of her breast. With soft slow kisses over her breast I teased Nicola's nipple to attention. Opening my mouth wide I took as much of her small breast in as I could manage, then slowly I pulled my head back with my lips firmly pressed against Nicolas skin until just her nipple was in my mouth. 

I sucked gently on it for a moment then I gave her a playful bite, being careful that I didn't hurt her. When I lifted my head again to look at her Nicola wrapped her arms around my head and pulled me to her, we kissed again. As our tongues explored each other's mouths Nicola's hot hands pulled my shirt from my jeans, she fumbled with the first button but soon managed to undo my entire shirt. She stroked my bare chest and pulled me to her. The cool flesh of her firm breasts felt good against my chest and belly. Nicola had her hands inside my shirt and was stroking my back. For the first time I noticed that she was wriggling underneath me, pushing her pelvis into mine, trying to rub herself against me.

"I know what you want," I whispered in her ear.

"Oh yeah," she replied. "What's that then?"

"This." 

I told her, pushing one of her hands down the front of my trousers and into my boxer shorts her hand immediately found my hard cock. 

She felt it for a few moments, holding it in her hand and then trying to stroke my balls but my jeans were too tight for her to get her hand properly down. Nick pulled her hand out and pushed me away with both hands. I let her stand up. For a moment I thought that I'd upset her but she was quickly kneeling down on the floor in front of me. She grabbed at my jeans and struggled with the buttons down the front until she had pulled them open. Nicola's forwardness surprised me; she'd always seemed like a shy quiet girl until now.

"I always had you down as a shy girl," I said. "When'd you last get any action?"

"Never," she replied.

"You're a virgin?" I asked.

"Yes, but you're going to change that for me. Aren't you?" she begged.

Her sweet childish voice sounded so sexy I just couldn't wait to get into her knickers. 

"Try and stop me." 

I said as Nicola went back to work on my trousers pulling the opening apart and gazed down with a look of excitement at my cock.

"Christ," she murmured.

"What?" I asked.

"That won't fit inside me." 

She said with an exasperated look on her face.

"Of course it will," I reassured her. 

"If you relax and don't fight it, it'll fit." I said again.

Now I don't claim to have an especially big dick but I have to write this as it happened and you must remember that Nicola was a sweet untouched virgin and this was the first cock she'd seen for real (that said it is an enormous cock, honest).

A little more slowly now Nicola began to play with it. At first she just stroked it much as one might stroke a pet; she quickly got the hang of what to do and before very long she was kissing it. She kissed and licked her way down the length of my shaft until she reached my balls, she hesitated until I urged her to kiss them and to suck them into her mouth. She did as I told her and did it well. She knew what to do with my cock; she worked her way back up its shaft kissing and sucking all the way. When she got to the top she kissed the tip of my cock lightly. She must have read that somewhere because it felt great; it had taken my last girlfriend bloody ages to work out what to do with a cock and her mouth she seemed to have it sussed already. My cock sprung back as her lips touched it. 

She licked it the next time, holding my cock still. She sat back on her heels and looked up at me. Nicola was still holding my dick in her hands, she pulled it towards her and keeping her eyes on my face lowered her head and allowed my cock to slip inside her warm virgin mouth. She performed a masterful blow job using her whole body to stimulate me; she lifted herself up and down causing her breasts to rub against my balls. I made her wrap her thumb and forefinger around the base of my shaft and started her off gently wanking it using slow but firm strokes. As I think I've said she was a natural and she had stamina, she managed to keep going for ages without a break. I held her free hand and put one hand on the back of her head. 

She had built up speed with her mouth but managed to keep the rhythm of her hands steady. I felt that she was going to stop soon, I whispered for her to carry on just a little longer. She obeyed and I came in her mouth. Without any complaining Nicola swallowed every single drop that I pumped into her and then she sucked the cum from the end of my cock causing one final spurt to shoot out into her face. Again without complaining she wiped it off and sucked it from her finger.

"You are good; I don't believe you've not done that before." 

I said pulling Nicola onto my lap. She straddled my lap on her knees and looked down at me to reply. 

"That was my first time, babe." She replied. "I'll be better next time."

"Don't be silly, that was awesome." 

I answered as I slid one hand under her skirt. I gently stroked her inside leg, working my way gradually up towards her slit. I could feel the heat from her wet hole without touching it. I did my best to avoid touching it, preferring to stroke the tiny area of flesh between her leg and pussy. I kept working my way up as we kissed; my fingers squeezed the lips of her cunt together over her clitoris.

"Please," Nicky whispered. "Don't tease me, I want you now, babe."

"Not yet," I replied kissing her again. 

My hand continued its slow journey up. Using my knuckles I rubbed Nicolas inner thigh, her skin was so soft and smooth that I wanted to bend down and kiss it. I could sense that she wanted it to.

"If you're a virgin, does that mean that nobody has ever gone down on you?" I asked.

"No, never." She sighed.

"We'll have to do something about that then, won't we?" I beamed.

I stood up, lifting her with me. I carried her to an armchair and sat her down in it while I knelt before her. We kissed again; my hands were all over her firm breasts. She leaned back in the chair with her arms on the chair arms and waited for me to move. Her skirt was fastened by a single silky cord tied in a bow by her hip, I gave it a smart tug and the bow unraveled itself, and I pulled it loose and opened her skirt. I knew Sarah wasn't wearing any knickers, but when I lifted her skirt and saw the shaved wet pussy I knew that I had to fuck it else I'd die.

My first instinct was to bury my face between her legs and start licking up her glistening juices but I managed to control myself. I put her legs over the arms of the chair, leaving her cunt totally exposed to me. She was now so wet that her juices were starting to run down her bum and drip onto her skirt. I looked up at her; she was staring at me with big pleading eyes her chest moving quickly as she took shallow fast breathes.

I lent forward and kissed the soft smooth flesh of her inner thigh, I knew it wasn't what she wanted me to do but I wanted to tease her until she couldn't stand to wait any longer. I began to slowly work my way back down between her legs, kissing and sucking all the way. Again I was careful not to touch her pussy or clit directly, although I did squeeze the lips of her pussy together over her clit again, only this time I used my mouth to do the squeezing. Once I reached a point half way down the length of her slit I pushed two fingers into Nicolas wet hole. At first I only pushed them part way in and then withdrew them completely. 

She went mad, her hands were grasping at her own pussy and she was begging me to eat her pussy. I caught both of her wrists in one hand and held her tight. With the other hand I pushed my two fingers back into her body, this time a little further before again completely withdrawing them. The whole time I kept my eyes fixed on her face, when she felt my fingers leave her again tears formed in her eyes and began rolling down her cheeks; her eyes were closed but she was whispering for me to stop teasing her. I released her wrists and lowered my mouth to her tight hole. Holding her thin legs in place and keeping one eye on Nicola's face as I extended my tongue and gently licked the juices from just inside her pussy. She took a deep breath and held it for a moment before releasing it in a staccato of short quick breaths.

Very lightly at first I began to lick her clit, I gradually applied more and more pressure using the tip of my tongue at first to caress her delicate organ and a little later the flat top of my tongue to lap up her juices and smother her sensitive clit. At the same time I pushed two fingers back into her pussy and began to work them deeper into her body using small circular movements. She loved it and the movements of my fingers quickly stretched her virgin cunt until I was able to push a third finger comfortably into her. I fucked her with my three fingers and ate her pussy; after a few minutes I felt the walls of her slit squeeze my fingers briefly and then relax again. She was about to cum; the look on her face confirmed that for me. 

Nicola's face and upper body had turned red it started as a light pink around her breasts and became progressively darker up her neck until her face was a deep red. Her features were contorted, her eyes screwed tight shut, her hair stuck to her cheeks by her sweat and her mouth open wide in a silent scream of ecstasy. My attention was returned to what I was doing by pain in my hand. It was the pain of having my fingers crushed by Nicky's powerful pussy.

I stopped moving my fingers inside her, not as much from choice as from having little alternative as her cunt gripped them tight. Nicola's hands were against my face trying to push me away but there was no real power behind them, I could hear her whispering for me to stop. That was the last thing I wanted to do. Instead of easing up I began licking her clit as fast as I could, my three fingers were free again and were now joined by a fourth finger which pounded into her body as hard as they could. 

Nicky's whole body tensed, she was panting hard now and she started to rock a little as a second orgasm swept through her body in a tidal wave of pleasure. Once I felt the second orgasm subside I stopped, partly because she was now begging me to stop and more importantly because she had started to make more noise than was advisable with her parents just a few feet above us. Holding Nicky's soft young hands I guided her into position above my lap with me lying on my back on the floor. She lowered herself until I could feel her hot cunt rubbing on the underside of my cock.

"Are you ready for that?" I asked her.

"Yes," she replied. 

We kissed again and I laid back. Nicola bent down to kiss me, giving me the chance to lift my cock ready for her to sit on. I was just able to touch her wet cunt with the tip of my cock as we kissed, when Nicola felt it touch her she moaned softly. She raised herself to be directly above my cock and then lowered herself onto the entire length of my shaft in one go.

"Oh, that feels good." 

She said as she became use to the sensation of being filled up. 

Gently at first she bounced up and down, she became livelier as she became more confident. Nicola rocked her hips back and forth with my cock buried deep inside her. I slipped my thumb onto Nicola's clit as she rocked the combination of being fucked by my shaft and rubbed by my thumb quickly made Nicola cum. She gasped for air and started to make some moaning noises; she started to get too loud so I pulled her face to mine and kissed her pumping my cock into her as we kissed.

"That was so good." 

She said as her orgasm subsided. 

"I'm not finished with ya yet, gorgeous." 

I told her as I rammed my hard dick deep into her.

I told Nicky to swing her leg over and turn around without taking my cock from her pussy. She did it. Once she had her back to me I sat up and wrapped my arms around her waist. 

"We're going to stand up and I want you to bend over the back of that chair without taking that out, can you do that?" 

She agreed to try and with a little difficulty we stood. 

She knelt on the armchair and leaned forward over the back of it. I held onto her slim waist and slowly began to fuck her again. She loved it; I reached out to play with her breasts while her hand played with her clit. Doing my best not to hurt her I smeared my thumb with her juices and pressed it against her arsehole, it slipped in fairly easily. I asked if she was okay with it and she nodded. I used my thumb at first but then I swapped to my forefinger and after fucking her with that I pushed my index finger in as well. Being as gentle as possible and using as much of her own juice as I could I continued to open her bum until it was wide enough for a third finger. She was stroking my dick as it went into her; she even slipped a finger into herself as I fucked her. 

While her fingers played with my shaft she used her palm to press against her clit, it took longer than before but the young girl was soon cumming again, and again she was being too loud so I had to put a couple of fingers into her mouth to silence her. As she was cumming I withdrew from her pussy and quickly slid my cock deep into her tight arsehole. She squealed with surprised, but didn't try to stop me using her like this. Withdrawing, I told her to kneel on all fours on the floor. I dipped my cock into her cunt again to get as much lubricant on it as possible, she sighed. Telling her to relax I placed the tip of my cock against her arse and pushed fairly hard into her sweet young body.

"Are you okay, babe?" I asked.

"It's good, but be gentle," she replied. 

I screwed her like that for a few minutes, but it wasn't easy. Nicola is a lot smaller than I am and so I had to force myself into an uncomfortable position to use her.

"Here, sit upright." 

I told her when I finally became fed up of the discomfort. 

"Right, now I'm going to sit down and I want you to sit on my lap like we did before, okay?" 

She agreed. I held her tight and we kissed as she slowly lowered herself onto my cock. It hurt her a little as the thickest part of my cock slid into her bum but she refused to stop.

"Put it all in me, babe." 

She said as she slid down my shaft. 

"I want you to fuck my arse like you did my pussy." 

It took a while but eventually Nicola's bum was full with the whole length of my cock.

"I can't move," she said. 

She sounded exhausted. I made her lie back on me and then we rolled over together so that she was face down on the carpet and I was on top of her.

"Do you still want it?" I asked.

"Yes, please do it."

I kissed her cheek and slowly pulled my cock halfway out before pushing it slowly back into her. Her bum was really tight so I could only move slowly, but as it went on she became looser and I was able to move faster. I held both her hands on the floor as I started to work up to a more normal speed. She groaned and panted, gasping for air. I was soon pumping her bum hard and rubbing her pussy with my fingers. She came again; she started just before I began to shoot my load into her. I emptied every drop into her tight little arse and lay on top of her while we both recovered. I pulled my cock from her and she rolled over. Her whole front, her breasts, belly and groin were covered in bright red carpet burns.

"I'm sorry," I said. "You should have said something if it hurt."

"It's okay you didn't hurt me." She said with a smile.

We kissed and cuddled for a while, it was nearly four in the morning. Nicola and I wanted to stay together all night but with her parents in the house it wasn't a good idea. She crept upstairs to her bedroom and I went to the guest room.