 I intended to write a short story about a loving Mother and her Son. Well, it turned out to be a bit of a Ben Hur! I have broken it into chapters for publishing on Literotica, but they now fall into different categories, so I hope the flowing continuity is not lost! I hope you enjoy it...

Special thanks to my Editor, Scorpius1945, polite, helpful and encouraging!

*****

CHAPTER 01

John enjoys evening with father's ex secretary

Category: Erotic Couplings

"Damn it, Clara, you could at least help me with these suitcases!" I said in frustration.

"Don't swear at me!" Clara replied, "And you should know that ladies never carry suitcases. Servants do that." Clara was standing with her arms folded across her chest looking at me. There were three suitcases at my feet. Needless to say, two of the cases belonged to her, the heaviest and biggest!

We had landed at Port Elizabeth airport and were standing in the arrivals hall where I had just retrieved them from the carousel. "At least go and find a trolley while I move them out of the way."

"Why don't you find a trolley and I'll guard the cases?" Clara was not going to budge.

I gave my backpack to her saying, "Please look after this, all our tickets and money are in here." With that I walked off through the milling crowd in search of a trolley. When I returned, Clara was sitting on one of the cases looking bored. I managed to load the three cases onto the trolley. "What have you got in here?" I asked, "We're only staying with my folks for a week, and that is in a beach house."

"You know I must always look my best, especially with your parents. Your father is a leader of society and we must look the part." Clara pulled her shoulders back and stuck her chin in the air.

Clara and I had been married for four months. It felt like a lifetime! I stood there staring at her wondering how I had got myself into this position.

We had met just over a year ago when I was in final year at university with only six months to go till I qualified as an architect. Clara, or Clarissa as she preferred to be called, was seven years older than my twenty five years. She was a part time university lecturer in landscaping, one of the subjects I had taken the previous year.

She sometimes visited the bars and restaurants that the students frequented where rumor had it that she was looking for a rich husband. She was tall, slim and elegant, beautiful in a classical sort of way, always stylishly dressed with never as much as a hair out of place.

We met casually at one of the drinking holes where she was with a group of her friends. I was seated next to her and we chatted for a while. She remembered me from the lectures the previous year. "I remember your final submission for the year," she said.

I remembered it all too well. She was this beautiful young lecturer that all the guys were trying to impress. I had worked long and hard on the project, more than I should have done considering the overall weighting of landscaping compared to building design. I had been really proud of my design and presentation. "Why did you give me such a low grading? I worked really hard on it and I still think it is one of my best designs."

"Oh, I thought it was all too casual. Not formal enough. Not regal enough."

"Not regal enough? It was a garden for a modern computer company office, not a palace or a museum." I was mystified.

"That is the problem with the world today. Nobody designs for palaces, or royalty, or even the gentry. Everything's casual, no formality. All rather plebeian." Her mouth was set and her chin was sticking out, her shoulders back in a manner that I later learned not to argue with.

I saw that this discussion was not going anywhere so I changed the subject. After a while we started talking about our families and what they did and so on, rather, I was encouraged to talk about my family while very little information was shared about hers. I saw her interest quicken when she learned that my father was a very successful architect, now retired. The company he started back in the seventies was still at the forefront of design and innovation in South Africa, still bearing his name Michael Graham Mitchell, Architects.

As the evening wore on all her attention was focused on me. She started by putting an elegant hand out and touching my leg when she was making a point. This became more and more frequent as the evening wore on. Later I felt her knee press against my thigh, nothing too obvious, a gentle pressure then it was gone.

At that time I was between girlfriends and was finding this all quite a turn on! I was flattered by her attention and interest and tried to play up to it, touch her in return when I made a point. It was a bit foreign to me as this was not my normal social behavior.

When the evening came to an end and we were all preparing to leave I was shocked when Clara ran her hand up my thigh, fleetingly squeezed my semi-erect penis, then touched my hand and said, "You're sweet. I'd like to see you again."

"Me too. I mean, I'd like to see you again. Can I get your phone number?"

She looked me straight in the eyes for a long moment. "A lady never gives her number to a gentleman on a first date, let alone a casual meeting in a bar. Find me." With that she reached under the table and again squeezed my cock, now fully erect. Then she was gone.

I sat there in a daze. "Be careful," my roommate, Helm, said, "Word has it she's a gold digger..." Nothing more on the subject was said and we had another beer before walking home and going to bed.

A week passed in which I acted the role of master sleuth. I checked the telephone directory. No luck. I checked with the faculty administration for her contact details. No luck. I did the rounds of all the likely watering holes in the evenings. No luck.

On an off-chance I phoned my dad's architectural practice and spoke to his old secretary, Patsy, now working for one of the other partners. We had always got on well. So well in fact that I ended up in her bed after a Christmas party one year despite her being older than my mother. I remember clearly in the morning her saying, "You are a much better lover than your father." I was shocked to my boots!

After our normal flirting pleasantries I said, "Patsy, I need a favor. There's a part-time landscaping lecturer at the varsity by the name of Clarissa Smith. I'm trying to get her contact details and admin won't give them to me. Can you phone on behalf of the company and ask for her details?"

"Tell me more."

"More?"

"Yes, why do you want her details?" I could hear the mischief in Patsy's voice.

"Well..." I hesitated.

"Well, nothing. Is she sexy?"

"I suppose."

"I'll only do it if you ask her if I can join you for a threesome." Patsy said emphatically.

"Patsy!" I said shocked.

Then I heard her laughing on the other end of the phone, "Only joking! Although I wouldn't mind rolling you around in my bed again if you have time for a lonely old lady." Patsy was in her fifties and I was not sure whether she was being serious or not.

Not having had sex for a few weeks now made me horny and I could feel a raging erection. "Tell you what, I'll come past your place after work and you can give me her number then if you have it."

I was expecting a joking put-down but she replied, "If you come by at about seven I'll give you supper. I know you boys are always hungry."

I was self-consciously holding a small bunch of flowers that I had bought en route as I pushed the buzzer on her door. "Oh, that's so sweet!" Patsy gushed when she saw them, "You know that's not necessary. But that doesn't mean I don't like them. I love them!" With that she flung her free arm around my neck and pulled me into a hot wet kiss, her tongue slipping into my mouth and swirling around. My arms went around her body holding her tightly to me as we kissed, her ample body molding to mine.

After a while she broke the kiss, "You'd better come in and close the door before the neighbors start complaining." I looked around guiltily but saw no one. I went inside her apartment and closed the door. "Pour us some wine while I finish cooking," she said and disappeared into the kitchen. I rearranged the steel-like erection in my pants, then went and poured two glasses of red wine. I put both glasses on the counter and watched Patsy as she moved about the kitchen.

She was quite short, maybe five foot three or four, and carried a little extra weight which seemed to suit her. She was sexy in a voluptuous sort of way, big breasts that swayed as she moved, wide hips and rounded butt. Her hair was fashionably short, layered in shades of blond and brown, a pleasing picture.

We caught up on news of the office where I had worked most of my vacs. Patsy had a wicked sense of humor and, as she shared the scandals and rumors about the staff, my face hurt from laughing.

After we had eaten and were sitting in the living room with our glasses of wine, I asked, "So, did you manage to get the phone number?"

She turned in my arms where she had cuddled up against me, "When did I ever not get what I wanted?" I took the question as being rhetorical and did not answer. Instead I took the opportunity of leaning forward and placing my lips against hers. Softly, just touching, warm. I ran the tip of my tongue over her soft lips tasting the wine and the remains of the ice cream we had shared. I explored deeper, the sharp teeth, the soft skin inside her lips. I felt her shiver and she turned more towards me and her kiss became aggressive, deeper, more passionate.

I placed my hands on her breasts over her dress feeling the hard nipples through the material. "Mmmm," I felt rather than heard through our kiss. I stroked the soft orbs with the palms of my hand, moving them in circles. Then I centered my thumbs on the protruding nipples, also describing circles.

"You know how to tease a girl," Patsy whispered, "Wait, your turn will come." I felt her hand on my hard cock, warm, moving. I tried to push against her hand but she moved away. Then she took my nipples between her thumbs and forefingers and twisted, squeezing quite hard. I felt a shock of intense pleasure shoot through my body. I felt as though I was going to cum there and then.

Following her lead, I gripped her nipples through her clothing and twisted and squeezed just as hard. "Aaagh!" she gasped, her whole body shaking. I twisted her nipples harder. "Yes!" Patsy leaned forward and took my bottom lip between her teeth and bit. The contradiction of pain and intense pleasure from my nipples stopped me from ejaculating in my underpants, but had the effect of centering my entire being on my nipples, almost as though I was outside my body connected by electrical cables shocking me into unconsciousness.

Patsy let go my nipples, turned to sit on my lap facing me with her knees on either side of my thighs, her dress up around her waist. She reached down and undid my belt, then the button on my jeans and then the zip. I raised my buttocks off the couch and helped her pull my jeans down, my cock springing free.

She reached between us, one hand gripping my cock, the other pulling her panties to one side. I felt, rather than saw, her position the swollen head between her slippery warm lips. Then I was embedded to the hilt. I felt the dam break, floodwaters surged over me, drowning me in pure ecstatic unbridled sensations. I shook and shuddered, emptying weeks of stored frustrated sperm deep in her warm clinging pussy.

After what seemed like ages I came back to the present. Patsy was pumping her body hard and fast up and down my cock, her nails embedded in my shoulders, her mouth open. Her eyes were fixed on mine. She thrust her pelvis forward engulfing me to the fullest extent and stayed there. I could feel her pelvic muscles undulating over my cock, milking it. She ground her pubic bone hard against mine trying to force me deeper.

After long moments she relaxed and, still panting, wrapped her arms around me and cuddled up against me. I put my lips over hers. They were cold from panting. We kissed gently, our lips moving slightly against each other, our tongues comfortably caressing each other's.

I could feel our combined juices leaking over my testicles, oozing down the crack of my buttocks. I thought about staining the upholstery. I could feel Patsy tensing her internal muscles rhythmically. In return I tensed my anal muscles making my still-hard penis twitch deep inside her. She giggled, "It's like we are talking to each other." She squeezed. I tensed a few times in answer.

"I'm sorry I came so quickly. I..."

"Ssssh," she said, placing her finger against my lips. "That's how I like it. Hard, fast, spontaneous. And it helps that you're not small in that department. I can feel you all the way up in my stomach." She looked over her shoulder, "Can you reach my wine?"

I leaned forward, my right arm wrapped around her back, and reached for her glass on the coffee table. I felt more juice flow from her vagina over my balls. As I handed Patsy her glass I said, "I'm afraid we're leaking onto the couch. 

She took a sip of wine. "Don't worry, these are removable covers. I'll throw them in the wash." She took another sip of wine, placed her lips to mine and shared the sip.

I swallowed and asked, "Did you... Um..."

"Did I cum?" I nodded, blushing. She smiled. "Not yet, but the night is still young."

"I did not even get to take your clothes off."

"It's never too late, you know."

I smiled and reached forward, undoing the top button of her dress. Then the next, and the next until they were all open. I pushed the shoulders back and pulled the fabric down her arms and let the dress drop down over my knees.

Her bra was pink and lacy with gauze panels over her nipples; I could see them clearly through the sheer material. She had on matching panties and I could see her abundant pubic bush where the crotch had been pulled to one side, the base of my cock visible till it penetrated her. As I looked down I could see her prominent clitoris peeping through the hair. I ran a finger over it, collecting some of our juices as I went, smearing it over the pink button exposed by the spread lips. I rubbed in little circles.

Patsy shuddered. "That's so nice. Don't stop."

With my other hand I copied the same soft little circles over the swollen nipple clearly visible through her bra till I felt it harden under my fingertips. I moved to the other nipple setting up a rhythm moving both hands at the same speed. Patsy had her head thrown back, her chest stuck out, breathing fast through her mouth.

After a while she let go of my shoulders and reached behind her and released her bra. The material slackened and her breasts sagged downwards. She moved her arms forward and shook her shoulders the way women do when they remove their bras and the straps slid off her shoulders and down her arms.

I continued softly massaging her nipples, one then the other.

The bra did not come away immediately. The weight of the sagging flesh trapped the under-wiring and it stayed in place. She reached up and slowly pulled it away till they were exposed to me in their full magnificence! The skin was very white against the strong tan lines.

Her breasts were big and sagged down against her chest, white skin with a faint network of blue veins under transparent skin. The areolae were large and dark brown, now contracted and rough with passion, the nipples long and red, shiny from my stimulation, at least the size of my little finger tip. While the breasts sagged, heavy and big, the nipples pointed outward and upward, so utterly feminine and sexual! I wondered how they must have looked when she was a young woman.

I looked from one to other, back and forth, taking in every detail. "You're so beautiful," I whispered and looked up at her face, shocked to see tears trickling down her cheeks. "What..."

"You're so sweet. So fresh. So honest. You don't have to be nice. I'm getting old..."

"I really mean it," I said.

"Why weren't you around thirty years ago?" She sniffed. "I would have eaten you up. Devoured you, raped you. Sucked you dry. Fucked you into unconsciousness. Loved you..." Her fingers slowly opened the buttons of my shirt. "I need you now." She pressed the cool skin of her large breasts against my hot flesh as she pulled my shirt off. We kissed long, wet and sensuously. I was still fully sheathed in her and could feel myself coming to full erection again. Patsy was moving on me, not lifting and falling as we had in our first frenzied coupling, but sensuously tilting her pelvis back and forth, the movements subtle, well, just right. Like masturbating really slowly while you read some exciting erotic story and not wanting to cum too fast. Only much better.

"Is this good for you?" I asked between kisses.

"Mmmmm. This is the best, but only the second time round. I don't want you to cum too fast and this rubs my clitty against your shaft, against your pubic bone. It is so deliciously exciting."

I pushed her torso away from mine and reached for a fat nipple with my mouth. The angle was a little awkward with my nose getting in the way. Patsy reached up and, cupping her right breast in her hand, presented me with it. I sucked the nipple into my mouth, swirling the turgid tip with my tongue. She put her other hand behind my head and held my there. The harder I sucked, the firmer she held my head in position, all the time rocking her pelvis backwards and forwards. I was in heaven!

I reached down and around her with both arms, taking a plump ass cheek in each hand savoring the warm flesh. I pushed them together then spread them wide apart seeing in my mind's eye her puckered rosehole stretched open. I shuddered and bit her nipple. In return she ground her pussy harder against my pubic bone. I repeated this action a few times, feeling the subtle changes on my cock.

Then I ventured the fingers of my right hand into her crack feeling for her anus. The whole area was slick with our juices. When I felt her opening I pushed with the tip of my index finger and it slipped easily in up to the first knuckle. Patsy ground harder. I moved my finger in and out in time with her thrusting going deeper up to the second knuckle. I could not believe the heat, the firmness of the muscles gripping my finger, the ease of pumping in and out.

Patsy was grunting and sighing in turn, her nails in my scalp as she pulled my face into her soft breast.

Suddenly her motion changed from slow undulations of her pelvis where I was not moving, rather being massaged along the full length of my cock, to a brutal pumping action. She would rise up on her knees almost dislodging my cock from her gaping pussy, then pump back hard till our pubic bones mashed together.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" She moaned in time with her frantic thrusts "Yes! Yessss..." I could hear the squelching of our body juices as she pumped. By now my finger was fully embedded in her ass, her muscles clamping tight, my hand being dragged along with her frantic motion.

Sitting there I could not really move to meet her thrusts, all I could do was move my bum forward on the couch so that I was penetrating her as deeply as possible.

"Aaaagh! Aaagh!" She screamed and I felt her anal muscles tighten around my finger. "Aaaaaaagh!" Her muscles clamped rhythmically, on and on. Then the contractions slowed in time with her thrusts. They slowed to a stop. I felt the occasional tremor on my finger, deep in her ass, and she shuddered in turn.

Her hand relaxed from the back of my head and I sat back, my muscles cramped from the contorted position. There was sweat running down her chest between her magnificent breasts, the one nipple red and swollen where I had been biting and chewing.
