 This story is purely fictional.  This is also my very first real attempt at writing a story involving a female dominant and a male submissive.

I heard the keys jangling as they slid into the lock, I knew that my Mistress had returned home from a long hard day of work and before the lock even clicked I had assumed the position, on my knees, hands at my sides, and head bowed.  I heard the door open and close, my Mistress walked up to me and gave me a couple of gentle pats on the head, her way of giving me permission to now take in her beauty.

She sat on the couch behind me and gently said, “Slave, please join me on the couch.”

“Yes Mistress.”  I meekly replied and sat down beside her.  

She patted her lap and said, “Please lay here.”  I did as I was told without hesitation or question.  My mistress lightly ran her hand through my brown hair as if she were massaging my hair.  For a second I enjoyed the sensation and then realized that I was the way who was supposed to be giving any form of pleasure, not her.

“Mistress,” I said, “not to be rude but may I ask what you are doing?”

She replied, “Just thinking.”

“About what, if I may ask?  Mistress?”  I said.

“I was actually thinking about you.”  Was her gentle reply.

“Why are you thinking about me Mistress?”

“Well, actually I was thinking of how devoted you are to me.”  She said.

“I am.  I would do anything to protect and serve my mistress.”  Was my reply.  I looked up at her.

She looked down into my green eyes, “I know.  You even proved that at the bank.”

About a year ago my Mistress and I were at the bank depositing her check (she sometimes let me go with her to all sorts of places).  Suddenly, a man in a ski mask came in and held the bank up, forcing everyone down onto the ground.  Instinctively, I moved closer to my Mistress.  After about ten minutes the police showed up, but the guy wouldn’t give any demands or budge.  Suddenly, he jerked my Mistress up to her feet and held her at gunpoint.  He started to wave the gun around when I crawled up behind him and hit him in the back.  He swung around and shot me point blank in the shoulder.  My Mistress forced herself away from the robber long enough to where she was in absolutely no danger.  I heard the shot, I heard and seen the glass shatter, and I heard and saw the gunman go down.  That was the last of the gunman.  My Mistress fell to her knees.  

Ignoring my own pain, I crawled over to her and whispered in her ear, “Mistress.  Mistress, are you alright.”

She looked up at me and smiled.  “Yes, I am.  But you don’t appear to be so fortunate.”

For the first time I really took notice of my injury, and even though it hurt like hell, I was still more concerned with the well being of my Mistress.  Cops and EMT’s rushed in to check on everyone and to attend to my wound.  The medics strapped me to a gurney and wheeled me out to the ambulance.  My Mistress was not far behind me and jumped into the ambulance behind me.  Minutes later we arrived and I was rushed into the ER.  I was put under and the next thing I knew I was awake.  My Mistress was at my bedside, holding my hand and crying softly.

“What’s the matter Mistress.”

She looked up and smiled, “Nothing.  I’m just really proud of you, that’s all.”

“Why’s that?”  I asked.

Again she smiled, “Because that bullet could have been for me.”

“Remember the day you had me come and move into your place Mistress?”  She nodded.  “I promised you that I would always protect you and would do anything to keep you safe.”  She smiled again.

“But, even though you saved me.  I will still have to punish you because I remember telling you to stay put.”  Just then the doctor came in.

“Hello Gerry.”  He said.  “How are you feeling?”

“Okay, Doc.  Do you know how long I’ll be here?”

“Oh, about two days.  The wound was a clean exit, the only thing that was damaged was the skin.  We just want to monitor you to make sure that you don’t catch any type of illness.”  I immediately looked over to my Mistress, but she just lightly shook her head.  “Well, I’ll leave you to rest.”  He turned to my Mistress and said, “Visiting hours are over in 10 minutes, so be quick.”  With that he left.

I turned to my Mistress, I was the one who was doing the crying.  “What’s the matter slave?”  She asked gently.

“I can’t stay here for two days.  What will Mistress do without me?”  I sobbed.

“Don’t worry about me.  I lived alone before you came along and I can do so again.”  She replied.

“But Mistress.  Who will take care of you.”  I started to get up, but she pushed me back down on my bed.  “Mistress, what about you.”

“I said I will be fine.”  She said sternly.

“Please, can you talk to the doctor?”  I sobbed to her again.

“Doctor’s orders over ride even mine.”  She said.

“But…”

“But, what?  You will remain here until cleared by the doctor.”  She said sternly.

“Please, no, Mistress.”  I sobbed again.

“Are you back talking your Mistress?”  She growled.

“Sorry Mistress.”

“Now,” she said softly, “I will take tomorrow off of work and I’ll spend the day with you.  Okay?”

“Yes, Mistress.”  She let go of my hand gathered her things, before she got out the door I said, “Mistress.”  

She walked back over to my bed.  “May I have your hand?”  She gave it to me.  I planted a soft kiss on her hand and then put it to my head.  I saw her smile.  “And Mistress, what will my punishment be, if I may ask?”  She leaned in close and pressed her lips against mine, rubbing her tongue against my lips.  

When I made no move she said, “You may kiss back.”  I then opened my mouth and accepted her tongue, playing with it as she sucked on my tongue.  “That is your punishment for saving my life.”  She smiled and just as she walked out the door she said, “See you in the morning.”  And indeed she did.  I was even awarded a medal for my valor (I gave the medal to my Mistress, but she just gave it back).

“Let me see the scar.”  I leaned up and she traced the scar with her red fingernail.

“Mistress, may I return to the kitchen.  I don’t want dinner to burn.”  She nodded to my leave and I finished preparations for dinner and called her in.  I took my usual place next to her and sat while she ate the lemon pepper chicken and tossed salad that I had prepared for her.  As soon as she was finished she set the leftovers down in front of me, she didn’t even touch the second piece of chicken.  I hurriedly ate the meal and cleaned the dishes.  I looked at the clock, it was now nine.  Time for bed.  I shut off the lights in the kitchen and living room and then proceeded down the hall.  I knocked on my Mistress’ door.

“You may enter, slave.”  She said.  I came in and took my usual place beside my Mistress and lay down on the floor.  “You know.  Tonight I will let you sleep up here on the bed.”  Without any thought of hesitation I climbed onto the other side of the bed away from my Mistress.  “And I want you to sleep right here next to me slave.”  I moved right next to her and climbed under the covers.  She motioned for me to place my head on her breasts, I did as I was ordered.  I lay my head on her breast while she resumed her earlier hair stroking.

“You know slave, I think I will give you the day off tomorrow.”  She said.

“What do you mean Mistress?”  I asked.

“I’m going to call into work tomorrow and I will be the one who takes care of you.”

I was worried and even a little frightened because this did not sound like my Mistress, “What exactly are you saying Mistress?”

“Tomorrow will be a day for you.  I will wash you, cook for you, and will even give you a special reward for your devoted service tomorrow night.  Now sleep.”  Soon my eyes closed and I fell asleep.  

I woke up alone in the bed.  I quickly looked over at the alarm clock and saw that it read 8 o’clock.  “Shit.”  I said.  “Mistress is going to punish me for oversleeping.”  I got up and went to open her door when I saw the note attached to it.  The note read, “Slave.  Do not come out here.  I will bring you breakfast in bed, like you have done so many times to me.  This is an order and breaking it will bring about a severe punishment.”  I went back over to the bed and climbed in.  Suddenly, the Mistress came in carrying a tray of breakfast.

I jumped out of bed to go over and assist her but she stopped and gave me this glare.  “Back into bed.”  She said, practically growling.

“I was just trying to help Mistress.”  I replied.

“I know but I don’t need any help.  I told you about today and there’s nothing that you can do to change my decision.  Now just lay down on the bed and we’ll have breakfast together for the first time in a long time.”

“Yes Mistress.”  I replied and lay back down on the bed.  She set the tray on the bed, climbed on, and lay next to me.  She then slid the try up in between us.  There were pancakes, sausage, toast, and a fruit salad.  We ate in silence, sometimes feeding each other.

Finally, after a long period of silence she spoke up, “For today I want you to call me by my first name, understood.”  I felt like I was shot.

“But why Mistress?”  She just sat there.  “But why…Jenny.”  She smiled that flawless white smile of hers as she brushed some stray blonde hair from her beautiful blue eyes.

“Like I said.  This is your day off and I don’t want you to tie to anything that requires your normal duties.”  I nodded.  “Now hurry up, I’m going to give you a bath after breakfast.  Then I have to run a quick errand and tonight you’ll get a present and a reward.”  Again I nodded.

After breakfast Mistress…Jenny gave me a bath.  To be honest I was torn in two.  One side really loved the attention I was receiving and the other admonishing my behavior, because I had vowed to always serve and do as…Jenny told me to.  Even before the Mistress/slave thing, back when we were boyfriend and girlfriend.  She picked up on my submissiveness and suggested we try some domination.  I fell into the role of being a submissive rather easily and just never came out of it, nor did she seen to come out of her role as my Mistress.  So from that day on we just lived as Mistress and slave, sometimes going to bars that served others in what we were into.

As soon as the bath was over she dried me off and told me that she was leaving.  As she was heading out the door she said, “The only thing I want you to do is the dishes, understood?”  I nodded.  Now this one errand will take me a couple hours but I promise that I will be home by 4 o’clock.  Okay?”

“Yes…Jenny.”

“Why do you hesitate to say my name.”  She said.

“I’m just used to calling you Mistress, that’s all.”  She smiled and gave me a kiss on the cheek and left.  I immediately went into the kitchen and did the dishes in mere minutes.  Suddenly, the phone rang.  I picked the phone, “Hello.  Mistress Jenny’s.  This is her sub Gerry speaking.”

“It’s me.”  Jenny said.  “Have you finished doing the dishes yet?”

“Yes, Jenny.”  I replied.

“Good.  Now go into the living room, sit down on the couch, grab the DVD remote and press play.”  When I did two people in a bedroom popped up on the screen, the guy was tied to the bed, and the woman was pleasuring the guy with a feather.  The girl ran the feather up and all around his cock, balls, nipples, and then back down to his asshole.

“Do you like the movie?”  Jenny said.

“Yes.  I love it Jenny.”  I replied.

“Well, if you like it so much I want you to tell me something.”  She said.

“Yeah.”  I replied.

“Tell me what state of arousal you’re in.”  She whispered into the phone.

“I’m at full mast and as hard as a rock.”  Was my reply.  “Jenny?”

“Yes, Gerry.”  She replied.

“May I please masturbate?”  I practically begged to her.

It was odd because I could almost hear her smile, “No you may not.”  Was her reply.

“I really need to.”  I told her.

“I know.  That’s why I had you play the movie.  And my answer is still no.  I’m almost done here.”  There was a brief period of silence.  “I’ll be home in about 20 minutes, okay?”

“Yes.”  I sighed into the phone.  “By the way.  Where are you at?”

“I’m having your present made.”  She replied.

“Will I like this present?  Can you tell me anything about it?”

“You’ll really love the present and every time you feel it you’ll beg me to give to let you cum.  That’s all that I can tell you.  I’ll see you in a few, just relax and watch the rest of the movie.  Bye.”  Before I could say anything else she hung up the phone.

I relaxed on the couch and watched the rest of the movie.  After the woman was done pleasuring the guy with the feather, she started to give him a long, slow, blowjob.  The guy finally yelled out to her, “I’m gonna cum.”  The woman, a rather big-breasted blonde, took her mouth off of the guys cock for a couple of minutes.  The woman then mounted him and started to bounce up and down wildly on his cock until the guy then told her that he was going to cum.  The woman got up and walked to a bathroom, the camera followed her the entire time.  She went and retrieved a small blue bottle.  The camera zoomed in and in white letters the bottle read “KY LUBRICATING JELLY”.  The girl came in and started to spread the lube over her asshole (the camera also zoomed in on this too).  Then she went over to the guy and dropped about three big drops onto his cock, the guy hissed at the feel of the cool jelly.  The blonde slowly and expertly spread the lube over his cock.  The girl climbed on the bed and stood over the guy’s cock, rubbing it against her asshole.

Suddenly, the door unlocked and opened before I had the chance to get up.  Jenny quickly closed the door behind her.  “Good.  I didn’t think that I’d make it home to see the end.”  She then jumped over the back of the couch and landed in the empty space next to me, setting a white shopping bag down on the floor.  She pulled me closer to her and had me lay down on her smooth and now tan legs.  In fact every bit of skin I could see was tanned to a rich golden brown color.

She leaned forward a little inspecting my erection.  “Good.  Did you play with yourself while I was away?”

“No, Jenny.  I did not.”  She smiled down at me and then we continued to watch the rest of the movie.  The girl rubbed the guy’s cock against her asshole and then she slowly took it inch by inch until she had taken the entire thing.  She only bucked up and down a couple of times before the guy again moaned out his impending orgasm.  Again the girl dismounted, but this time she stuck his cock in between her tits and pushed them up only once when the guy gave a loud moan and shot his load.  Some went into her open mouth, some splattered on her face or neck, and some just shot up and landed back down onto her breasts.
After that, the movie and TV went off.  I looked up and Jenny had both of the remotes.  “I’ve got to go make dinner and I want you to try on your new present.”  She picked the bag up and tossed it to me.  “Go into the bathroom and try it on, then come into the kitchen so I can see how it looks on you.”

Jenny went into the kitchen and started to prepare dinner while I went into the bathroom and closed the door behind me.  There was then a knock on the door.  “Be careful opening that.”  Jenny said.

“Okay.”  I hollered back.  I then carefully opened the brown package.  Inside was something that felt to be made of silk.  I held the item up and it unfolded before my eyes.  It was a robe of sorts.  I turned the robe around and on the back was a red and black dragon.  It actually went pretty well with the bluish green color of the robe.  I put the robe on and was a little surprised when it ended just about my knees.  I opened the bathroom door and then I went out into the kitchen and gently tapped Jenny on the shoulder.  She spun around and smiled.  “I knew that you would look good in that.”  I just smiled back.  “That’s where I was.  I had it made just today.  A friend of mine, Gina (to her it was Gina, to me it was Mistress Gina), told me where to go where I could have some really good silk items made for a real good price.”  She pointed to the left side of my chest.  On it were some weird markings.  “That’s your name in Japanese.  Now go in the living and relax some, dinner ought to be done here in a few minutes.

I went in and lay down on the couch, thinking over the day that I just had, hoping that another day just like it would come around soon.  I just lay there as the silk robe brushed over my naked cock, causing the beginnings of an erection, when suddenly Jenny came in and told me that dinner was done.

I went into the kitchen and there on the table were two plates of barbecue ribs, some salad, and even some macaroni and cheese.  Also was an open bottle of champagne with two glasses already poured and waiting to be drunk.

Jenny moved to the table, I quickly got behind her chair and pulled it out for her.  Jenny sat down, looked up at me, and gave me a smile.  I felt I could have died right then and there and would’ve been happy.  I slid her chair up on the table and made the couple of steps to my chair and sat down next to Jenny.

We sat in silence for awhile eating our dinner.  Until finally, I broke the silence.  “So, why are you being so nice to me all of a sudden?”

She looked hurt.  “I’m always nice to you, aren’t I?”

I nodded.  “Yes, you are but why are you doing all of this?”

“All of what honey?”

“Like that.  You call me honey, you cook for me, you bathed me, you let me watch a really cool porn movie and you had a silk robe with a really neat dragon on it made just for me.  I don’t really know what to expect out of you next.”

“Well, expect the unexpected.”  She said, giving me a smile that made me just a little suspicious of her.  

“Besides.  I have to have a talk with you later tonight.”  Again with that damn smile.

“About what?”  I asked.

“You’ll find out later.”  She replied.

We went through the rest of dinner in silence.  At one point, I don’t know when, but we actually started holding hands under the table; something that we hadn’t done since the first three or four months of our dating.  After dinner I helped Jenny do the dishes, the entire time she was smiling.  We had another couple of glasses of champagne when the clock struck nine o’clock.

We went into the bedroom and I flopped down onto the bed.  Jenny climbed atop me and looked into my eyes, “Take off your robe.”  I immediately did so.  Jenny reached above me and slid something smooth around my left wrist.  I looked and it was some kind of leather handcuff with a silken liner of some sort attached to a piece of rope.  She secured the hadncuff to my wrist and then proceeded to do my other wrist.  Finally, she did my ankles; I was now spread eagle on her bed barely able to move and for some reason was getting very turned on by this.

“Jenny, what are you doing?”  I asked slightly worried.  “Have I done anything to displease you?”

She just smiled.  “You know, I’m tired of it all.”

“What, what is it?  Whatever it is I promise you that I can change it.”  I pleaded with her.

“You’re the problem.”  She said.

“What do you mean?”  I asked.

“Your submissiveness.  I can’t stand it anymore.  I mean I love all the attention that you shower me with, your gentleness when you wash my body, and all the dozens of other things that you do.  But it’s boring.  I loved it at first but now it sucks.  You never want to have sex, all you do is go down on me; granted you are very good at it, but I need a good fucking.  I haven’t even given you a handjob in two years.  No, tonight it all ends.”  She licked her lips and started to crawl up my body kissing along the way, the way that I always did to her before I went down on her.

She made her way up my legs, kissing my cock head and balls, before continuing up to my nipples until they were hard and pointed.  She moved back down and started to gently lick and kiss my cock until it was harder than it had been since we started to do the master/slave thing.  Suddenly, she took most of my 7 ½ inches into her mouth.  She started to suck as if this were our last night on earth.  Before I realized it, I was moaning.  ‘God, it feels great.’  I thought to myself.
