 Note from the author: It's been a long time, but I have returned to continue this story! If you like this story, I suggest reading "My Monster Ball" and "My Monster Ball Part 2" for background and more little sister fun. Thanks!

*

Laurie walked back into the bedroom and I marveled at how well her large breasts held up to the bounces of her stride, jiggling only slightly and never losing their shape.

"That's better." She bent down and groped through the pile of clothing on the floor. "Where the fuck's my underwear?"

"I think it's over here by the bed."

"No, I found it." She slipped on the panties and stopped. "Wait a minute--these are too tight."

I froze, horrified. She slipped the panties off and held them up in the light coming from the door. "These aren't mine--they're too small". She turned them over. "These must be Holly's--what the hell are they doing in doing in here?" She tossed them aside and continued to search near the bed. "Oh, here they are." She put them on and continued to search for her tank top.

I realized I wasn't breathing and exhaled slowly.

She smiled. "Man, nothing like a good fuck to relax after work. Let's get something to eat and see what's on TV." She bounced out the room and I fell back on the bed. That was too close for comfort.

I got up, located my own clothes and headed out of the room. I hoped to see Holly but the hallway was empty. I could hear Laurie rummaging in the kitchen, so I crept towards Holly's room. I reached for the doorknob and noticed that my hand was shaking. 

"Hey!" shouted Laurie, "We've got some left over pizza and macaroni and cheese -- what do ya want?"

I cringed and withdrew my hand from Holly's door. "I'll be right there."

I entered the kitchen to see Laurie's ass sticking out from behind the refrigerator door. Her panties were slightly wedged in her crack accentuating perfect crescent cheeks. I walked up behind her, grabbed her waist and started dry humping her.

She pushed back. "Lay off, doofus. I'm hungry."

I let go and backed off. "Well, excuse me."

"I'm having pizza." She slammed the fridge and left the room with her food. I heard her plop down on the couch in the den followed by the jumbled change in TV chatter as she flipped through the channels.

I turned to find Holly and jumped in surprise when I saw her in the doorway of the kitchen wrapped in a white terry-cloth robe. She grinned and opened the robe, revealing her tight stomach, gravity-defying breasts and the little V of light brown fuzz in her crotch. She beckoned me with her eyes and slowly walked backwards down the hallway. My penis moved toward her like a divining rod and I followed its lead without hesitation.

"Hey Honey!" Laurie shrieked. "It's that show I told you about -- that Japanese game show where they do all those ridiculous stunts. You gotta see this!"

Holly and I froze, staring at each other.

"C'mon! You're gonna miss it! Oh my God!"

I shrugged. "I'm coming."

Holly's face darkened into a scowl.

Not knowing quite what to do, I started to back into the kitchen. Her expression lightened, the shadow of anger overtaken by a look of determination. She surged forward and grabbed my arm, pulling me into the kitchen.

Along the way she snatched a plate from an open cupboard, opened the 'fridge and pulled out a piece of pizza. She slapped the pizza slice onto the plate and yanked me towards the counter that divided the kitchen and the den. With a devious grin, she dropped the plate onto the counter top and disappeared beneath it. I pulled a bar stool over and sat down in front of her.

"Holy shit!" Laurie said. "Did you see that guy fall? I didn't think a body could bend that way. Man, he's gonna feel that in the morning."

I pulled closer to the counter and opened my legs. Holly's silky hair tickled my skin as she took her place between my knees. I felt her soft hand reach inside my boxers as my cock stiffened with each beat of my heart. She tugged at my balls and I slid further forward on the stool to give her better access. Gently, she lifted them through the slit in the fabric. I felt her hot breath on my skin and then the silky warmth of her tongue as she took one of my glands into her mouth. First, she gently rolled my ball with her tongue and then sucked.

I held the counter with both my hands, inhaling sharply.

"Look at this moron--why do they wear those silly costumes? The guy can't even see where he's going--of course he's gonna fall down, the shithead." Laurie slapped her leg.

Holly opened her mouth wider and slid my other ball in. Pulling on them gently, she reached up with her hand and grabbed the shaft of my rigid cock. She stroked upward, tugging at my balls as she held them in place with her mouth. She released her grasp, then grabbed the base again and let her hand slide back up to the tip. I braced my feet on the floor and pushed my pelvis forward. While she maintained her grip on my cock, I pumped it in her fist as she continued to suck on my nuts.

"Honey, can you get me another slice of pizza?" Laurie asked.

I took the slice from my plate and dangled it in front of her through the den window.

She turned her head and looked up at me. "Are you okay?"

"Never better."

"You look kind of strange. Aren't you hungry?"

"No, not really. Look! Your show's on again."

Her head snapped back to the TV screen. "Oh, I love this one! They wear these Velcro suits ...."

I tuned her out and returned my focus to Holly. I lifted my foot and found the soft warmth of her crotch. She was hot and moist. I slid the top of my foot back and forth on her pubis and her juices poured down between my toes. Her grip on my cock tightened and her mouth simultaneously increased its pressure on my sack.

I reached down and stroked her soft hair.

She released my balls and ran her tongue up the underside of my shaft, tracing the sensitive outline of my circumcised head while squeezing the base between her fingers. Blood rushed to the tip and it swelled even larger, turning a purplish red. She popped the entire head between her lips and sucked it as if she were drinking a McDonald's milkshake through a cocktail straw.

Her mouth plunged down my shaft until it rammed the back of her throat. Her fingers tightened their grip around the base and she slid back up, holding her tongue tightly against the throbbing underside of my phallus. She then moved up and down, faster and faster.

I rubbed her crotch harder with my foot but almost fell off the stool. Planting both feet on the floor, I took her head in my hands and helped her move back and forth, ramming myself into her face, completely forgetting where I was.

Bright lights cut through the room like lightning and disappeared, followed by the muffled sound of a car motor.

"Oop -- Mom's home. You better go put some clothes on," Laurie said. "You never know what the horny old broad might do."

I tried to pull away from Holly, but she just tightened her grip on my member. I pushed her head back, but she just lunged forward and held me in her jaws like a pit bull. 

I stroked her hair and pried her head sideways, and she finally released me with a gasp. She looked up at me with a desperate expression and I hugged her face to my belly. I turned sideways dragging her to her feet. We held each other up as we stumbled through the kitchen and into the hallway.

I picked her up and she wrapped her legs around my buttocks. I ran towards her room holding her to my chest. Her saturated pussy bounced up and down against my pulsing shaft as we made our way to her room. I fumbled with the knob and the door burst open. We fell into the room and I kicked the door shut behind me.

"Fuck me! You've got to fuck me now!" she growled into my ear.

I tripped over the clutter on the floor and fell onto the bed. She reached down and plunged me into her. She was soaking wet but her young vaginal muscles were tight and strong and wrapped around me like a glove. I reached behind her and grabbed her small ass holding it tight. I then started pounding into her like a mad beast.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" she gasped with each thrust.

Her legs tightened around me as I climaxed into her young, thin frame. I pushed forward as far as I could and held myself there as my seed burst into her innards. She wrapped her arms around me and dug her teeth into my neck. I could barely feel the pain as I reached the height of my orgasm.

I collapsed on top of her but she held her grip on my body. I heard voices in the kitchen as her mother entered the house.

"I gotta get out of here," I whispered.

"I like to feel your weight on top of me." She stared up at me with moist eyes. "Don't go."

"I have to go--Laurie and your Mother will get suspicious if I'm gone too long."

"Who cares what they think?"

"You should care. If they find out about us, it'll be all over."

She turned her head and released her grip, then tightened it again. "Promise me you'll sleep in my bed tonight, after she goes to sleep."

I tried to get up.

"Promise me!"

"I promise."

She released me and I stood up. She lay motionless on the bed with huge crocodile tears running down her rosy cheeks. I bent down and dried them with my hand.

"Don't cry, gorgeous. I'll be back soon." I kissed her head, turned and left the room.

After throwing on a pair of shorts in Laurie's room, I entered the kitchen. I saw Laurie's mother's back as she spoke to her daughter and I could see where Laurie and Holly had gotten their thin bodies and tight little asses.

"Hello, Madeline," I said. "You're home a bit early for Bingo."

"Hi Sweetie." She gave me a motherly peck on the cheek, then pinched my ass.

I played along and winked at her.

"Screw Bingo. Paula and I stopped at the Sand Dollar and put away a few pitchers. I was too loaded to show up for Bingo. I was afraid what I might do, you now, if I ran across a young buck like you."

She eyed my body up and down, and I realized my latest escapade with Holly had left me somewhat turgid, it showed through the thin fabric of my shorts.

I cleared my throat and folded my hands in front of my groin.

"What are you kids up to?" she asked.

"Oh, just a little TV ...." I started to answer.

Laurie burst out laughing as she pointed at the television.

"It's her favorite show," I said.

Madeline shook her hood. "Hell, when I was your age, I was in the back of some car with my feet on the ceiling, not watching some stupid TV show."

"I bet you were a real firecracker."

"Were? I'm nowhere near my expiration date, young man." She glanced at my crotch and then took a step toward me. "Looks like you'd rather be doing something other than watching TV," she whispered in my ear, then let her hand brush lightly against my cock as she turned and walked through the kitchen. Stopping at the entrance to the hall, she looked back at me and winked, her nipples poking at the thin fabric of her blouse.

My penis lurched. Uh-oh. Here we go again!