 Although the room was dark, I had a full view of her taut, little ass. I could tell there were no panties beneath the thin layer of her pink nightshirt. Every few moments a bright scene on the television flooded the room with light and improved the view.

She was lying on the floor in front of me, stretched out on her stomach with a pillow beneath her chest. Her body was slim, toned and perfectly proportioned. The two smooth crescents of her ass rose like luscious plums from her thin waist. Her nightshirt rode all the way up her long legs, ending just at the rise of her buttocks. It was hard to believe that she was barely eighteen.

Her name was Holly, my girlfriend Laurie’s kid sister.  It was a Friday night and I had once again been left alone with her while I waited for Laurie to return from work. Laurie worked the late shift at a semi-conductor factory and wouldn’t be home for several hours. Every Friday was bingo night for Mom, and she usually got in later than Holly. Dad wouldn’t be showing up any time soon either. He had abandoned the family over a decade earlier without so much as a forwarding address.

So on Fridays when she wasn’t off at some friend’s house, I was left alone with Holly. I didn’t mind the company at all. She was actually a lot of fun, and a tough, single-parent life had forced her to mature faster than most kids her age.

This arrangement had worked out fine until a few weeks earlier. Laurie and I had taken Holly to a pool party at the end of the summer, and I almost fell over a lounge chair when I saw her come out of the bathhouse in her swimsuit. She was tall for her age, taller than Laurie, and the string bikini she was wearing didn’t leave much to the imagination.

Her body had blossomed over the summer and the smile on her face as she strut past me showed that she knew it. She was an athlete, a gymnast in the winter and a soccer player in the summer. Years of hard work had shaped her body nicely, and adolescence had now filled her out to perfection.

Since that time our relationship had changed. I couldn’t help but flirt with her, and she returned my playful advances in a way that encouraged me to continue. So there I found myself, alone with her; able to stare all I wanted without any worry of getting busted.

“Man, they’re really going at it” Holly said.

I tore my eyes away from her pouty behind and looked up at the television. Billy Bob Thorton and Halle Berry were up on the screen going at each other like mad dogs in heat. We had rented the video Monster’s Ball, and I was surprised to see how steamy the scene really was. “Do you and Laurie do it like that?” she asked.

“Excuse me?” I replied.

“I bet you do. I bet you’re good at it too”. She rolled over on her back and looked up at me, grinning. Her nightgown was stretched tightly across her breasts, the fabric molding itself like Saran Wrap around her hardened nipples.

“I, uh...” my voice cracked, “Your sister doesn’t like me to talk about that stuff with anybody.”

“I can hear you sometimes”. She rolled back on her stomach and put her hands under her chin.

“That was the neighbors you were hearing, not us”. I could feel my face turning red.

“Yeah, right”. She knocked her feet together a few times and curled her toes. “I’d like to do some of those things with a man.”

I cleared my throat. “You’re a little young yet to mess with stuff like that. You should stick to holding hands at the movies and necking on porch swings for now. “

“Oh, please! I was doing that in Junior High. Get with the times.”

“Well excuse me. I’m just trying to be the concerned, responsible adult here. So you’ve been dating guys since Junior High, eh? Are you seeing anyone now?”

“Hell no.  The boys my age are all dweebs. I want someone older. Someone with experience. Someone like you…”

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. I reached for a throw pillow to cover the bulge forming in my lap.

“That’s very flattering, but I don’t think your sister would like it.”

“Aren’t you going to give me the line about me being a just kid, too young and inexperienced to handle an older guy?”

“Well, yeah, you are kind of young to get messed up with older guys.”

“Oh, really?” she asked. “So you don’t think I could handle it? You’d be surprised.”

“All I’m saying is that you have to be careful at your age, especially a good looking girl like you. You’re vulnerable, and there are lots of guys that will try to take advantage of that. I didn’t mean to imply that you couldn’t handle it or anything.”

“Maybe I want to be taken advantage of,” she said, “And I’d like it to be a man with experience, someone who’s sensitive, someone I really like, someone like you.”

“Well thank you. I’m sure you will find that man someday.”

“I don’t know about that. They all seem to be taken.” She pressed her chin back down on her arm and stared into the TV.

I didn’t like where the conversation was going, or maybe I did like where it was going, which was all the more reason to end it. I faked a big yawn and got up off the couch, keeping the pillow in its strategic location. “Well, I think I’m going to hit the sack.”

“So soon, Sleepyhead?” she asked.

“Good night, Gorgeous. Don’t have any nightmares about Billy Bob, now.” I replied.

“Oh I won’t be having any nightmares, only dreams.” She rolled over on her side. “Dreams of you.” she whispered, and smiled up at me.

I pretended I didn’t hear her but I couldn’t look away. She rolled all the way on her back, once again exposing her beautiful breasts. The young mounds of flesh looked like balloons trying to break loose from the thin cotton barrier that held them, and her nipples were harder than ever. Luckily I still had the pillow in place, concealing my real feelings about going to bed. I gave her a weak smile.

“Good night.” My voice cracked again and the words barely came out.

I ducked into the bathroom and locked the door behind me. I dropped the pillow and stared down at the growing tent pole in my pants. I needed to cool off somehow. I wanted to jerk off, but I didn’t want to blow my load before Laurie got home. She would be suspicious if I wasn’t raring to go, but could I wait that long? My flesh was weak, but in my current condition, my mind was just as weak. I thought about the worn out remedy of taking a cold shower and decided to give it a try.

After the shower I lay in Laurie’s bed and tried to relax. It hadn’t really done the trick because I was still at full mast. Maybe the water wasn’t cold enough. I couldn’t get Holly out of my mind, the image of her body lying there in front of me. The chatter of the TV from the other room had disappeared. Holly had apparently also decided to call it a night.

What was she doing right now? Was she asleep, or was she lying in bed thinking of me? Was she touching herself? What I would give to see that? I couldn’t stand it anymore and decided it was time to take care of business.

I slipped my cock out through the front of my boxers and was about to begin stroking when I thought I heard a noise in the hallway. A board creaked and I held my breath. I heard another creak and then silence. Someone was definitely outside the room.

The door opened and shut as a figure slid through. It was too fast for me to see who it was. I didn’t think that I had heard Laurie return, but maybe she had come home while I was in the shower. The intruder stood inside the door and didn’t move. The area by the door was too dark to make out any features. I decided to just lie there feigning sleep and see what would happen.

After a long pause, the figure bent forward and crept towards me, then knelt down by the bed. Could it be Holly? My heart began to race and started to pound in my throat so hard that I had to close my mouth to keep it from being heard. What was she doing? It had to be Laurie. She was probably looking for something and didn’t want to wake me by turning on the light. That must be it. After a short pause, the figure moved forward and a hand slid between the sheets and inched towards my body.

I was lying on my side, facing the edge of the bed. The hand crept toward my mid-section, zeroing in on my groin. This must be one of Laurie’s little sex games, I thought. My cock was raging now and pointed straight out. I could feel it reaching, swelling harder and harder with each beat of my heart. I pushed out slightly with my hips to shorten the distance. Finally soft fingertips brushed the tip and stopped. The fingers felt the throbbing head and slowly circled it, tracing lightly around the rim and over the top. 

A full hand closed loosely around my shaft and pulled forward, then stroked slowly back down its full length. My heart was beating so hard that I thought my chest would explode. The figure’s head then disappeared beneath the sheet and moved forward. I could feel hot breathe blow on the tip of my throbbing penis, and then a pair of wet lips closed slowly over the bulging head.

The mouth felt warm, wet and tender. A soft tongue gingerly probed the underside of my burning flesh, and then traced the rim from side to side. I thought I was going to explode. I rolled onto my back and moaned. The figure moved with me, and I knew it had to be Laurie. Who was I kidding? Holly would never be bold enough to do something like this.

I then felt soft, long hair fall onto my naked stomach as the figure leaned forward, letting my cock slide deeper into her hot mouth. It was then I knew it was Holly. Lauren’s hair wasn’t long enough to touch my stomach in this position, let alone cover it.

All at once I was ecstatic yet horrified. My private fantasy was now unfolding in real life. Fantasies aren’t real and don’t have any consequences, but this would have consequences. It would ruin my relationship with Laurie, that’s for sure. But what if no one found out? 

Holly worked her mouth back up my shaft, sucking lightly and following with her hand. I was powerless to stop her. Besides, I could just say I was half asleep and thought it was Laurie. After all, we were in Laurie’s bed. The darkness of the room was a masquerade, our own little monster ball. I could even say I thought I was dreaming. Maybe I was dreaming.

Holly’s sweet little mouth concentrated on the tip for a moment then plunged back down my shaft once again. I gasped and held her head in my hands. Her hair was unbelievably soft, her head small and delicate.

Assured now that she was safe from rejection, Holly released me from her mouth with a smack and straightened up. I could make out her slim figure in the slatted light coming through the window blinds. She straddled me and lifted her nightshirt off with both arms and dropped it to the floor. Her naked breasts floated before me in full view and they were perfectly round, pointing up effortlessly as if gravity didn’t exist. She took both of my hands into hers and placed them on her milky flesh.  They were soft and silky smooth. I cupped them gently and then palmed them, feeling her hard nipples raked against the insides of my hands. She then pulled my arms to the side leaned forward over my head, and let her nipples brush over my eyes and nose and then pressed one of them against my lips. I ran my tongue around and over the hardened tip, then took it into my mouth and began to suckle.

She gasped and pushed into me, holding the side of my head with her hand. I reached up and held her other breast in my hand. She grabbed my fingers and tightly squeezed her nipple between them. I took over and worked the hard tip back and forth. She moaned again and began to grind her groin on my aching cock. Her small patch of pubic hair was soft but she was pushing hard against me, so hard that the fear of coming too fast was replaced with a delicious pain that sunk deep into my stomach.

I could feel her vaginal lips part around the base of my cock as she moved back and forth, releasing her juices and making the sliding go easier. My sensitive tip was rubbing against her hard stomach and I could feel the ridges of her toned muscles tighten beneath her velvet skin.

I continued to suck on her breast, pulling more and more of her flesh into my mouth and rubbing her nipple hard against my tongue. She started to inch up my cock as she rocked back and forth. I ached to enter her, but was held back by the fear of going too far. I tried to keep the business end of my weapon against her stomach, but with each movement, she inched forward until she was rubbing her clitoris right on the throbbing tip of my cock.

I let go of her breast and tried to push her hips back, but sensing my reservations, she quickly moved up just enough to let my tip slip inside of her. She was so wet that there was no resistance and I drove inside as she relaxed her forward advance and slid backwards. She squealed and pushed down harder, driving me deeper still. Her insides were tight, hot and alive. 

I stopped resisting and pushed upward. I felt a wave of pleasure and was afraid once again I could blow it too soon. She started moving again, lifting her hips slightly, and then grinding her clit against my pelvis as she came back down. As I thrust up into her, she pushed back hard and the violent movement helped me once again hold back my urge to cum.  Her movement intensified and she threw her upper body hard into my face as I continued to suck on her flesh. I reached back and grabbed her little ass in both hands, helping her to move up and down. She responded with a moan and continued to push back against my upward thrusts with all of her weight. Her fists balled up the sheets on both sides of my head and she grunted with each grind of her pelvis.

All of a sudden she snapped upright and threw her head back with a scream. I let go of her ass and bent my legs, giving me better leverage to push up into her. I reached back up and grabbed her bouncing breasts. She clamped her hands over mine causing me to squeeze them even tighter.

“Oh! Oh! Ohhhhhhhhh!” She moaned loudly. She stopped grinding and I could feel her body tighten up. I continued to thrust upward and she held her head back. “Ohhhhhhhhhh, Baaaaaaaaby!!!” Her muscular body turned into to stone and her vagina tightened around my cock like a vice.

“I’m gonna come, Baby!” she screamed. She threw her head back again and let out another long moan. Her vagina had become so tight I could barely move in or out. I couldn’t take it any longer and I exploded into her, continuing my upward thrust with each contraction of my orgasm.

She continued to lock down on my body, squeezing me tightly between her thighs. Her head drooped forward as she exhaled into another long moan. I stopped thrusting and slumped back as her body began to loosen up. She then bent further forward and smothered my face with kisses.

Our lips locked and she probed my mouth deeply with her tongue. We stayed in that position and made out, oddly concluding with something much more appropriate for a girl her age. This seemed to go on forever, and we didn’t stop until the sound of a car pulling into the driveway snapped us back into reality.

“I gotta go.” she whispered. She placed a light kiss my forehead, rolled off of me, and disappeared into the darkness.

I lay there on my back, still in shock, still unbelieving. I felt eighteen again, but our monster ball had ended.