 My name is Maria. I am Hispanic, 24, 5'6" tall and about 110lbs. My skin is relatively dark and I have long black hair. I tend to be very adventurous in sexual matters and I am always open to new ideas. 

This is the story of what happened the time my roommate's brother stayed in our place. My roommate's name is Jenny. She's a tiny cutie. She has hardly any chest but her face is beautiful. She has the "all American look". During one summer her brother, Mark, came to stay with us. He turned out to be a very athletic tall guy, only a year younger than Jenny. Right away he showed a lot of courtesy to me. I could tell he was attracted but he was spending most of his time with his sister so I stayed out of their way.

One morning I woke up and went to the bathroom. I was wearing a loose white T-shirt which I usually wear at night and a pair of thong panties. The T-shirt just barely covers the panties when I'm standing up. But it was very early and I figured he would be asleep. I walked by the couch where he was very quietly. He was sound asleep but right away I noticed the big bulge in his boxer shorts. A huge tent. I couldn't help myself and I stopped to look. I could feel myself getting turned on right away so I had to convince myself to move on and go to the bathroom. I stole one more look. I was already imagining myself on my knees and playing with that big thing. I went into the bathroom and ran my hand to my crotch... just for a moment I said. I actually stayed in there for about 15 minutes. I would have continued, except there came a knock on the door.

"Maria? Are you in there?"

It was Mark. And here I was masturbating about him. I turned deep red. 

"Uh.. yeah! I'll be right out!"

I could smell myself. I put on some perfume, trying to hide it quickly, and I opened the door.

He was standing to the side.

"good morning"

I smiled at him.

"good morning... you're up early huh?"

I was still blushing. And then I realized he was turning away because he was still hard. He was blushing as well yet stealing glimpses at my tanned legs. This got me even more turned on.

"Yeah, but I'll go back to sleeping probably..."

I nodded. Just frozen there. I knew I had to move. But neither of us was really moving at all. He took another look at my legs, staying a bit longer. I looked at his bulge, which he was doing his best to hide. I finally stepped aside, but stayed there.

"So what's the plan for today?"

He had to step by me to go into the bathroom and in the process he would reveal his bulge in all its glory. He was looking at me and I could tell he was getting turned on as well.

"I think Jenny has to go to a doctor's appointment in the afternoon so I don't really have a plan."

I smiled at him sweetly.

"Then maybe you and I can do something?"

He nodded... "I would like that."

I winked at him. "I would too... so did you need to go?" I asked pointing to the bathroom.

He nodded again and stepped quickly inside. His big tent bounced up and down right in front of me. He closed the door quickly.

I went back to my room feeling so hot. I couldn't get that big tent out of my mind. How I wanted to have my face right up against it, rubbing my cheeks on the hard flesh underneath. I laid down on the bed but I couldn't go back to sleep. After a bit I heard Jenny come out of her room and I heard them talking and eating outside. I stayed in my room until I finally went back to sleep.

*****

I woke up around 11 and there was total silence. I stood up, still feeling horny, and wondering what the afternoon would bring. I pulled off my g-string and took off my sweaty long T-shirt. I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around myself and headed for the bathroom. As I walked through the apartment it was clear that there was nobody there. I went into the bathroom and I closed the door just in case. I then proceeded to take a shower. It took me awhile, specially because I insisted on playing with myself throughout. Eventually I came out, dried myself a bit and wrapped the towel around myself again. It came down to just below my crotch and barely covered by breasts, but I figured there was nobody there. I stepped out and there was Mark sitting on the couch!

I froze. He froze. His eyes bulging as he stared at my body. I shrunk into myself feeling him look. Oh god I was getting even hornier just from him looking. 

"I thought you two were gone..."

"We were. I just came back. Sis left for the afternoon."

I nodded and walked right in front of him, feeling his eyes on my legs, my barely covered breasts... and I made it back to the room. I called out "I'll be right out!"

I resisted the intense urge to start masturbating again. I put on a black g-string, a white miniskirt and a shoulderless black top. I put on some medium heel shoes and I was ready to go. I walked out smiling.

"Hi again... sorry I ran out on you."

He smiled at me radiantly and blushed just a bit.

"Oh... no problem.. no problem at all."

"So what shall we do today?" I asked in a friendly tone.

He shrugged his shoulders.

"Anything you decide should be fun."

I sat next to him and smiled, crossing my legs, knowing how much thigh I was showing. His eyes went right to my legs then back up to me. I turned towards him on the couch, showing even more, getting hotter by the second.

"Well, we could go out to the park for a walk. You haven't seen the Golden Gate Park yet have you?"

He shook his head.

"Then let's do that!" I ran my hand over his shoulder and he shook visibly. His eyes once again went down to my legs and quickly away. I pressed my thighs together, feeling him getting horny and so close to me. He was wearing jeans and a white T-shirt. I softly pressed my hand to his knee.

"Are we ready then?"

"Let's just sit here for a bit.. yeah?"

I looked at him, and realized what he needed. A quick glance confirmed my suspicion. There was a large bulge forming at his crotch once again.

"Tell you what... I'll go grab a large towel, make some sandwiches... then we can have a picnic.. ok?" I winked at him and stood up. He just nodded. Again taking a look at my legs. 

I went to my room and to the kitchen and came back with a little basket and a large towel. He was sitting there blushing. 

"Ready?"

"Yeah... ready" and he stood up. The bulge had come down a bit but it was still barely visible. I just took a quick look and tried my best to look elsewhere.

******

When we reached the park, I told him where to park my car. We were near a relatively secluded lake on the western section of the park.

"We can leave the stuff in the car for a bit and just go for a quick walk."

"Sure, that sounds great."

I got out and he came to my side. I put my arm around his and he held on to it. We slowly walked around the lake, making small talk. At one point I rested my head on his shoulder.

"This is just so nice, Mark. It's been a while since I had such a relaxing afternoon."

"It's really good for me too..." and he took another deep breath.

I giggled, reached up and gave him a kiss on the cheek.

"You're such a sweetie."

I looked down, and sure enough, the bulge at his crotch was growing already. He took another deep breath and pointed to a bench. 

"Shall we sit down over there?" He asked.

I nodded and we went for the bench. I sat right next to him, pressing my naked thigh against his pants. The bulge kept on growing. He put his arm around my shoulders, crossed his legs and turned slightly towards me. This way the bulge was partially covered. I looked into his eyes. We were both breathing hard at this point. My panties were getting so wet as he caressed my shoulder. I put my hand on his knee and softly caressed him there. Then he finally reached over and kissed my lips. I kissed him back and softly kissed for a long time. His lips running over mine, his tongue gently licking at mine, my hand running up and down his knee, his arm holding on tightly to my shoulder.

Eventually he pulled back.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that...," he said in a very soft voice.

"Why not?" I purred back at him. "I loved it". And I gave him a tender kiss on the side of the mouth.

"Oh god... you're just so sexy... I can't stand it."

And he started kissing me once again, harder this time. Pushing his tongue into my mouth. I opened up and accepted his tongue, sucking gently on it, licking at it. Both of us breathing harder and harder. I moved over him and straddled him. His hands ran down my back coming to rest on the sides of my stomach. Now I pushed my tongue deep into his mouth as my crotch met his under my short skirt. I started to grind ever so slowly. Now there was no hiding that big bulge as it rubbed right up against my wet crotch. 

I whispered "Oh god you're so hard... I can feel you right under me."

He just grunted and humped up at me as he kissed me again. His hands went to my thighs and my pussy let out another flow of juice as I felt his hands on my naked thighs. He pulled me onto him and I humped right against him. We went on like that for a bit until we heard footsteps. I quickly moved off and sat next to him, still breathing hard. My nipples so hard that they were visible under the tight top. He sat sideways so as to hide the huge tent at his crotch. 2 men walked by slowly. I could feel their eyes on me. Maybe they had seen us making out. Maybe they could just see the aftereffects on me. But their eyes never left me as they slowly walked and it was like rays going right into my already hot pussy.

Mark said "we should go get the stuff for the picnic no?" 

It was time to just nod. We both stood up and walked back to the car. The men's eyes were still on me. I could feel it even if I didn't see them.

We got back to the car. As I unlocked the door, he put his hands on my waist and pushed his body against me. I pushed back with my ass and he started to lick and kiss the back of my neck. I let out a loud sigh. He kept on licking me there... grinding his hard on right up on my ass. I held onto the roof of the car and he pushed me hard right up against it. He kept on kissing the back of my neck, moving to the sides then back. I closed my eyes. His hands started moving up my sides, inside my top. Feeling his hungry hands against my naked flesh was so intense, I instinctively opened my legs further and he pulled me up so that his hard on was right in between my ass cheeks. I let out another loud deep sigh... and then remembered where we were. I opened my eyes and saw the same two men walking back around the edge of the lake. One of them was writing something down. 

"Mark... stop... not here..."

He gave me one last push up then stepped back. I unlocked the car and reached in for the basked and the towel. As I did, my little skirt was riding up and he had a good look at my now soaked black g-string. I heard him gasp and I stayed in that position just a bit longer than I had to. Then I took out the stuff and handed him the basket. He took it. He was all red with excitement and I probably looked the same. I smiled and kissed him on the lips.

"let's go and find a place to sit..."

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the men walking away. They were talking and one of them pointed back at me. I shrugged it off.

*****

We walked for a bit and I pointed to a clearing in the high grass, just below where the lake is. I must confess this would not be the first time I brought a boy here. It's been one of my favorite spots since I was a teen. I arranged the towel the best I could and we both sat down. Even with the towel the ground was a bit rough, specially on my with the skirt. I looked at Mark.

"Maybe I should just sit on you..."

He pointed to his lap and smiled. I once again straddled him and we started kissing. He held my head in his hands and pushed his tongue against mine. Each time he was getting more aggressive and I certainly didn't mind. Our tongues were lapping at each other, as my crotch was grinding into his crotch which felt like a steel rod. My hands were at his shoulders and then up to his neck. His hands were moving up and down my back, under my top, caressing me, kneading me. I pulled back a little and licked at the tip of his tongue and he responded by gently licking at mine. We stayed like that for a bit as our bodies humped against each other.

"Oh god... we either stop or we go back to the apartment now..." I whispered.

"let's eat and then we can go back...Jenny won't be back until late."

I smiled and kissed him again, as if we had never said anything. Once again I was grinding down on him. Finally, we heard the barking of dogs and were once again reminded that there were people around. I got up off him and went to the basket. We were both breathing so hard, like we had just run a marathon.

*****

After we ate the sandwiches I had made and drank some beer, I put everything away. We were just looking at each other. I was stretched out on my side on the towel. He was sitting up cross-legged. He reached over and ran his hand up my thigh, ever so softly.

"You have such perfect legs, Maria."

"Thanks... I saw how much you liked them this morning..." I winked at him.

He blushed and retreated his hand.

"what do you mean?"

"When I was coming out of the bathroom..."

"Oh gosh I'm sorry... I..."

"It's ok. I saw you getting hard and I loved it." I stretched out completely on the towel, my skirt riding up a bit more. "I love it when a man gets hard for me."

He swallowed hard, looking at my body. The nipples still pressing up against the tight top. My legs on display almost all the way up to my crotch. And everything at the reach of his hands. He reached over and once again caressed my thigh. I opened my legs just a tiny bit and took a deep breath. I looked over at his crotch, once again sporting a huge tent. 

"Does it hurt... " I pointed. "trapped in there?"

He nodded as he moved his hands a bit higher up my thighs.

"Maybe you should unbutton your pants...and lay down like I am... the high grass will cover us."

He nodded and obeyed me. He laid on his back and reached down to undo his pants. I got on my side to watch but then had a better idea.

"Let me do it."

He shrugged and put his hands under his head. I moved beside him, reached down and slowly unbuttoned his jeans. Then I reached for the zipper and pulled it down about halfway. His rock hard erection stood right up, making his boxers into a tent that rose from in between the edged of the zipper. I pulled the zipper all the way down. As if there was nothing more natural, I arranged his shorts around his hard-on. He grunted as my hand barely grazed against his cock through the shorts.

Then I laid down beside him, my hand on his chest.

"Does that feel better?"

"Yes, it does... a lot better,"

I pressed close against him, my body pressing against his side. I slid up and kissed his cheek. He turned towards me, grabbed my head in both hands and kissed me hard on the mouth. I kissed back. He turned all the way and kept on kissing me. I could feel his nearly free erection against my skirt, against my crotch. I raised my left thigh and placed it over his hip, and pressed my crotch even more firmly against the head of his cock. He grunted.

"Oh god... let's just go back" He said.

I smiled. "Yeah, we should. Let's just enjoy this moment a bit longer." And I started to kiss him yet again, now it was me pushing my tongue hard into his mouth as I rubbed my panties directly into his tented boxer shorts. Both my panties and his shorts we so wet from so much excitement, we could feel each other's juices running into each other. I was gasping as I kissed him, feeling so intensely hot. I started to grind harder right onto the cock head. My ass moving up and down and sideways as I kept on pressing myself against him, feeling his hard body. He placed his hands on my hips and quickly brought me to a stand still.

"We have an audience... "He whispered.

"Who is it?" I whispered back, afraid it was the 2 men I had seen before.

"It's a girl, about 19 I would guess... she's been standing by a tree.. she probably thinks we can't see her."

"Is she the only person around?"

"Yeah... as far as I can tell."

I kissed him lightly on the lips.

"Let's give her a bit of a show then..."

I pushed him on his back and straddled him completely. My skirt splayed to all sides, my crotch pressing his cock down back against his belly. I leaned down and kissed his chest, then started to pull his shirt up. 

"Stop... she's right there..."

"I want her to see." I said.

I pulled his shirt up to his shoulders, then I leaned over him and started to lick at his nipples. He groaned hard and humped at me. I kept his cock down as I started to hump slowly, sucking on his hardening little nipple. 

"She's looking right at us..."

"Good." As I moved to his other nipple, licking his chest slowly and lustfully. I kissed and licked all over his chest, leaving trails of saliva everywhere. Then I slowly moved down to his stomach.

"Stop... we're going to get in trouble." He said.

"Just a little longer..." as I kissed around his belly button, licking and kissing, feeling his flesh with my tongue. I moved further down, licking right at the edge of his boxers. At this point his cock was sticking straight up again and pressing up against my chin. He was grunting like an animal, and had his hands on my hair, pushing my head down. I kept on kissing and liking all along the edge of the boxers.

"Is she still there?"

He opened his eyes and turned. He probably did it too quickly because I heard her steps as she ran away.

"She saw me looking..."

I giggled. "Oh well... her loss." I gave him one more peck and rubbed the cock through the shorts with my chin, smiling up at him.

"Oh god, you're such a tease."

I stood up. 

"Shall we go?"

*****

Once we were in the car, I let him drive again. I sat in the passenger's side and leaned on his shoulder. As he pulled off the curb he looked at my legs.

"Once I get you alone, you're in trouble Maria."

"Is that right?" I pressed my thighs tightly together and rubbed them. "How come?"

"You've been teasing me so much. I'm going to fuck you so hard..."

"oh yeah? I can handle it..." I reached and licked at his ear, forcing a new sigh of passing from his lips. His pants were zipped up but still unbuttoned. The tented boxers were once again making their way outside. "Fuck me hard and rough. Make me cry." As I said it, I reached down and pulled his zipper down. He grunted low. 

"I'll have you on your back before you realize what's going on. I'll make you scream like a bitch in heat."

I reached in and caressed his cock through the shorts. 

"Are you going to put all of that inside me?"

"All the way... deep and hard."

I ran my fingers up and down the length of his big hard cock, through the boxer shorts. He drove as fast as he could back to the apartment. The whole way he kept on telling me the things he would do.

"I'm going to spank that little teaser ass."

I would respond by licking and kissing his neck, the side of his chin. 

"You like getting spanked?"

"I love it" I whispered in his ear. And I licked all around the edges of his ear.

He parked the car and turned to me, pushing me back against the car seat. He kissed me hard and violently. I opened my mouth and let his tongue into me and put my arms around his broad shoulders. He then took his hand and pushed hard up my skirt, pressing his palm right up onto my wet crotch. I opened my legs and let out a deep sigh as I felt his hand against me for the first time.

"Ahhh god"

"You're so wet. You're a horny bitch aren't you?" He whispered in my face. "Say it"

I looked at him breathing so hard. 

"I'm a horny bitch. I'll let you do anything you want to me."
