 I woke up around 3 in the morning, naked, sweaty and still smelling strongly of sperm. I had my right leg draped around Mark's thigh, my inner thigh pushing against his hard cock as he slept. I could feel it lightly moving against me as he breathed in his sleep. I kiss his very sweaty neck and then his cheek. I pushed my wet crotch against the side of his hip and rubbed against it ever so softly. I kissed his cheek again, just a bit more passionately this time, hoping to wake him up but make it seem accidental. He groaned in his sleep and pulled me into him. I rubbed my crotch against his hip some more. I was dripping wet and enjoying how completely soaked in sweat we both were. Then I heard the bathroom door close. And my brain suddenly snapped back to reality. I was in bed with Jenny's brother, just a few hours after I had promised that nothing would happen between him and me. And she was in the bathroom just a few feet away from us, and the door was unlocked!

I shook Mark and whispered in his ear.

"Mark, you have to wake up right now and go back to the couch. Hurry!"

He opened his groggily and looked at me with a confused look in his eyes. 

"Wake up and run to the couch. Your sister's in the bathroom. You have to get back there before she comes out!" 

He was about to argue but I cut him off with a sharp: "Now!"

He stood up completely naked, his very hard cock bouncing up and down in front of me and turning me on even more. He looked around for some way to cover himself. 

"Just make a run for it. The covers are next to the couch and the pillow you used last night is still there. Go!"

He ran out the door completely naked and left my door half-open. I heard him moving in the living room and I got back in bed. My pussy was so wet at that point that I couldn't help but reach down and caress myself. After a bit I heard the toilet flush and Jenny's footsteps coming out. Then I heard them stop for a bit. I thought maybe she had forgotten something. But she had just suddenly stopped. And she stayed there for a while. Then I heard them again, but instead of going towards her room, she came over to mine. I saw her silhouette in the doorway as she walked into my room. 

"Maria? Are you awake?" 

I quickly pulled my hand away from my crotch. It was covered in my juices. I could feel myself blushing in the darkness. I wondered if she could smell my horniness, her brother's sweat and sperm, my own sweat.

"Jenny? What is it?"

"Can I come in?" She asked, already in the room. 

"Sure... what is it?"

She sat on the bed and I could see her vaguely in the darkness. She was wearing a short teddy and the panties I left her with. 

"I just wanted to talk to you..."

I was more and more embarrassed. I knew for sure that she would have to be able to smell my juices as they were running out of control. Seeing her in the same panties that I had touched just a few hours ago and knowing that she had no idea about it made me even hotter than I already was. 

"I just don't want you to feel offended in any way by what I asked you last night, you know?"

"What do you mean?" I asked her.

"Well, I only want my brother to do well in school, and you know how guys can get so obsessed with girls that they will get very distracted..."

"Oh, that. Don't worry about it."

"...and you are so beautiful, I think any guy could get obsessed with you, you know?"

"... thanks Jenny..." As my eyes adjusted to the darkness I could see her little chest moving up and down, her nipples outlined behind the very thin fabric of the teddy. 

"If the situation was different, I would be glad for you and Mark to get together, but right now, I want him to go back to school and not get all distracted. You know?"

"Yeah, I understand..." I looked down at her legs which were exposed almost to her waist. Her thin white thighs were almost shiny in the darkness. I felt an intense urge to reach out to touch her, but I managed to stop myself. 

"So you don't take it personally at all?"

I shook my head. "No, not at all." As I continued to stare at her thighs, then back up to her chest.

"Can I give you a hug?" she asked and I swallowed hard, suddenly remembering again my current state: naked, dripping wet, covered in sweat and drying sperm.

"... uh... sure..." 

She laid down next to me and put her arms around my shoulders. I raised up a bit, my naked body covered by the sheets and I put my arms around her, letting them move just a bit lower down her back, pulling her tight into me. I let out a sigh.

"I really like having you as my friend. I feel that I can trust you.", she said, still holding me tight to her. 

All I could think about was if she could smell me, and if she could, what would she smell and what would she think. But at the same time, the feel of her little body against me was driving me crazy with lust.

She laid down completely on the bed next to me, her head sideways on the pillow, as she half released her hug, keeping her arm on my shoulder. Her face was very close to mine and I could just barely contain the urge to push myself against her and kiss her hard.

"Mark has always been very special to me. I have a sister and another brother, but I've always had a special bond with Mark."

"Yeah? How come?" I asked. My sweaty naked body still covered by the thin sheets and only inches away from her body, just covered by the sheer little teddy and the red panties. 

"I don't know, since we were very little we would always play together and that kept on going even through our teenage years." She giggled. I could tell from the giggle that she was remembering something that she didn't want to share. I reached to her, putting my hand on her waist and softly caressed her there.

"What is it? What are you thinking about?"

"Oh, nothing." I could feel her blushing in the darkness and that made me smile. I caressed the side of her body some more, feeling the very soft fabric of the teddy against my hand as I ran it up and down her soft skin.

"He is very handsome Jenny... just like you are very beautiful as well."

She giggled again. "Thanks Maria. Even through I know I don't have a body like yours..." and as she said that, her hand imitated mine and moved against my hip and up my body, caressing me over the sheet. "When we walk together down the street, I can look at the guys staring at you and I don't blame them." 

"I'm sure they look at both of us."

"Not really. There's something about you..." and her hand moved just a bit lower, over the edge of my ass. Then she pulled in closer and kissed my cheek. I wondered what she would think, if she knew that her lips were touching her brother's dry sperm on my sweaty cheek. "Something very lovable." 

I pulled her close to me and kissed her cheek as well. And I held her very close to me. Her hand moved up and down my body, very lightly, as I did the same to her. 

"Are you naked under there?" she suddenly asked.

I took a deep breath. My nipples were like hard rocks at this point. "yeah..."

"Is that how you usually sleep?"

"Most of the time... "

"I should start doing that... it must feel so nice to be completely naked all night."

"It does." As I said it, I rubbed my thighs together, feeling my wet pussy dripping onto the bed.

"By the way, thanks for getting me in bed last night. When I woke up, just in my panties, at first I thought it might have been Mark that put me there, and I was very embarrassed."

I giggled. "He helped me put you in bed, but he left so that I could undress you."

"I got so embarrassed at the thought that it might have been him that took off all my clothes and had me so vulnerable like that.", there was a definite edge to the way she said the word 'embarrassed'. 

"I'm sure he has seen your body before, what with the two of you growing up together and all..."

"Yeah, he has, but not quite that close up and not while I am completely helpless..."

I took another very deep breath. "Yeah, there is something about the feeling of being helpless..."

She hugged me hard again, while her hand rested once again on my hip. "In any case, thanks for getting me in bed and preparing me like that. When I realized it had been you, I felt so warm towards you, so thankful. I felt good that I could trust you with my full body even while I am completely unconscious. You know?"

I nodded and kissed her cheek in response.

"Those pills really knock me out completely. I have to be really careful when and how I take them. I didn't even feel you stripping me at all."

"I know" I responded, "If it had been someone else, they could have done anything at all to you."

"So helpless and vulnerable...", she said it slowly. Then she kissed my cheek again. "Anyway, thank you again." She hugged me and I could now feel her nipples were very hard as she pressed her chest against me. They are usually almost invisible but I could feel them now like tiny hard pencil erasers against me. I wondered if she could feel how hard my own nipples were. "I should go back to my room...thank you again... for everything...." And then she kissed me lightly right on the lips. I kissed her back quickly, barely stopping myself from pushing my tongue between her lips.

Then she stood up and walked out of the room, closing the door behind her. I was so intensely hot at that point. I fantasized about her and about Mark as I touched myself. I wondered if she was also masturbating at this very moment in her room. If she was, would she be fantasizing about me? And what would her fantasies be like? After coming several times, all alone in my room, I fell asleep.

I woke up naked and drenched in sweat. I reached down to my crotch and felt how wet I was down there. It was already later than I usually would wake up, but it was summer and I could wake up whenever I felt like it. I got up, letting my hands roam over my naked sweaty body for a bit and then I put a towel around myself. I walked outside and encountered total silence. I walked into the kitchen and there was a little note: "Maria, we left early, we'll be back in the afternoon." I frowned. I was hoping to hang out with Mark today. There was only one more day left. But I'm sure that's why Jenny was being extra careful. I walked out to the living room. Mark had left all his bedclothes scattered all over the couch. I laid down on them, smelling his manly musk all over them and I started to grind my crotch into them, masturbating with the clothes that were covered in his smell. I finally got up and walked into the bathroom to take a long shower. I kept myself on the edge of orgasm the whole time. After showering, I dressed in a very thin, very tiny flowery mini skirt and a white blouse. I thought of putting on a thong but I realized that I would ruin anything I put on underneath, so I went without. I grabbed my purse and walked out into the street, the wind caressing my naked thighs and my very juicy pussy. I had no clear plan of where I was going. I just knew I couldn't stay home. I went over to a nearby coffee shop. As I walked in, all eyes were on me. I could feel men's eyes just travelling lustfully from my naked legs to my tiny mini skirt, to the outline of my ass, to my breasts (with their very hard nipples). I sat there pretending to read the paper while rubbing my thighs together as subtly as I could. Men and women both looked at me. I would avoid their eyes but I could feel them on me. It was like fire rubbing all over me. I was getting even more and more turned on and there was no end in sight. I rubbed my thighs together a bit more each time, shifting my ass on the chair. As I looked down at the paper, I suddenly noticed a pair of legs in front of me. I looked up and there was a very tall, very muscular black man standing there, blatantly looking at me. I smiled faintly at him, thinking that would make him realize I was aware of him and he would go, but he stayed right where he was. This made me feel even more on display. I looked down, pressing my thighs very tightly. Then he pulled up a chair and sat down across from me. I looked up at him again. He smiled faintly and spoke.

"Having a good time?"

I took a deep breath and stared at him. He repeated his question.

"Well? Are you having a good time showing off?"

I felt myself blushing hard. I couldn't believe this guy had the audacity to simply come up to me and ask me something like that.

"I don't know what you mean..." I responded as calmly as I could.

"You know exactly what I mean... I can see how you respond every time someone looks at your tanned legs...I can see you press your thighs together..."

I took another deep breath. Now I was blushing bright red.

"I... just..."

He reached over and put his hand on my knee, caressing me gently. My pussy gushed out hot juice in immediate response. 

"Don't worry. I know all about girls like you. I've handled several in the past." As he said it he continued to caress my knee. "You like to be seen... displayed... you like to be opened up like a wet present and used... and abused..." He squeezed my knee harder. "Isn't that right?"

I could only stare at him, blushing intensely. I was shivering with raw lust and shame. What right did he have to talk to me this way? I should just stand up and walk away from him. But I couldn't help being overwhelmingly turned on by him, by his words, by his voice, by his large black hand on my knee. 

He leaned over and whispered at me: "I know what you want slut. I know you want to be treated like a horny little slave slut... you don't even have to respond... just nod ..."

I took another very deep breath and stared at him.

"If you don't nod, I will stand up and walk away... and I will never talk to you again..."

I almost grunted with lust. He was so in control of me, so easily. Without thinking about what I was doing, I nodded, ever so slightly. He smiled and reached over to my face and caressed my cheek. 

"Good girl... you see? I told you that I know what you want. My name is Brian. " He reached in his pocket and took out a piece of paper and a pen. "Write down your name, your address and your phone number."

He handed me the paper and pen and I obediently wrote down my information, trembling with shame and fear the whole time. He took it and stood up. "You'll hear from me soon enough." And he walked away as if nothing had happened.

I looked around. Many people were staring at me. I pressed my legs together even tighter. I was dripping wet, so much that I was probably going to leave a wet spot on the chair. I was blushing bright red. The waitress (a petite redhead) winked at me. I looked away in shame and walked away. I couldn't believe what had just happened. 

As I walked away down the street I thought about Brian. I had only made love to a black man once before and I had enjoyed that very much. He had very dominant, but nothing compared to this guy. I felt like there was nothing I could possibly refuse this guy, and filled me with fear and a raw animal lust. I walked around the city, lost in dreams.

When I got home, Jenny and Mark were in the kitchen. I realized, with a wave of longing, that Mark was leaving that very same night and that I probably wouldn't have a chance to do anything with him. My drenched pussy was anxious to have him inside once more, but I couldn't see how it was possible, not with Jenny right there with us the whole time. I walked into the kitchen smiling. Jenny was wearing tight jeans and a red top. Mark had on a white T-shirt and jeans. Jenny smiled at me and hugged me in greeting. I walked over to Mark and kissed his cheek. He smiled at me and whispered: "You look sooo good." I gave him a tiny smile and sat down next to him. Jenny served us some food (some Chinese take out they had brought home) and we all ate together. I tried to talk as nonchalantly as I could, but a couple of times during dinner, Mark reached out to caress my thigh under the table and I nearly jumped. Jenny didn't notice. After dinner, we all sat down on the couch to watch a movie. Jenny took her prescription pills and then came over to Mark and sat on his lap. I saw her sit on him and there just a tiny pang of jealousy in me.

"Now Mark, you know this sends me to sleep. So I want to say goodbye right now. I already have the cab ready to come and get you at 9pm. Be all set ok? I don't want you to be later for your plane."

Mark nodded. "I won't."

Then she hugged him tightly and kissed his cheek, very close to his lips. "And take care ok? Study very hard and don't get distracted by anything or anyone. Ok?"

"Yes, sis." Mark said, a bit embarrassed to be given a lecture. 

"It's very important. You don't know how many people don't graduate because they get involved with someone and..."

Mark suddenly slapped her ass. He did it playfully but hard enough to make a point. "I heard you sis. I won't."

I could see her blush slightly but something else also happened in her. I felt a surge of lust for both of them. I sat next to Mark, still in my tiny flowery mini skirt and I put my head on his shoulder. "Don't worry Jenny. I'm sure he'll be a very good boy."

She looked at me, just slightly confused. Then she came down on his other side and rested her head on his other shoulder. She looked at me, just slightly suspiciously. Then she smiled. "When I start to fade, just take me to my room, like you did last night ok?"

I nodded. "No problem Jenny. It will be my pleasure."

We started to watch some lame little comedy. Mark would absentmindedly run his hand over my thigh and then over his sister's. I could see the bulge at his crotch growing bigger and bigger. But he kept on looking at the screen. After about half an hour, Mark elbowed me and winked. I looked at Jenny. She was sound asleep on his shoulder. I smiled at him. It was already past 7pm. We didn't have much time. I reached over and lightly ran my hand over Jenny's face. "Your sister is so nice, and she really loves you know?"

Mark nodded and touched her face as well, feeling her soft cheeks. "Yes, she does... maybe more than she realizes." He reached down and let his hand wander playfully over her jeans covered thighs. "If she wasn't my sister..."

I slapped his hand away from her. "Stop it!" I laughed. But just seeing him do that had turned me on intensely and I couldn't wait to have her all to myself in her room. "Help me carry her over, ok?"

Mark easily picked her up in his strong arms and brought her over to her bed. He laid her down on her back and smiled at me. I smiled at him. That was all the encouragement he needed. He grabbed my head and kissed me hard. I kissed him back. All the pent-up lust of the whole day feeding intensely into that kiss, so much that I forgot I was still in Jenny's bedroom. He pushed me down on the bed, right next to his sister and continued to kiss me. My legs opened up to him and he kissed me even harder. 

"I have smelled your wet pussy the whole time. You have been wet and horny since you came back, haven't you?" he said to me.

In response I rubbed my hot wet crotch against his and kissed him some more. He reached down and felt my shaved wet pussy with his rough hands. I grunted with raw lust.

"No panties huh slut?"

I shook my head. He rubbed my clit harshly. I buckled under him. I then put my hands on his shoulders.

"Stop for a second ok? Let's go to my room. I have to get her ready for bed and all..."

He smiled and kissed me again and rubbed my crotch intensely.

"I want to fuck you right here and now... ' He said it so intensely, pushing me onto the bed. 

"No, we can't... not right here.... She could wake up...."

He pushed my legs wider open, my juices flowing right out uncontrollably.

"I don't care..." He stood up and started to undo his pants. He opened them up and took out his already hard large cock, dripping with pre-cum. 
