 Faithful readers.

It is an honour and a privilege to have you read these words because it means you are about to read yet another of my stories.

All my work is fictional, yet nothing that can't happen in real life. Maybe some of it has... somewhere... to someone.

If you have not yet read any of my other work, I must inform you that not all of it is to everyone's taste, so choose the story and the category carefully.

I hope you enjoy reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it.

*****

I was fifteen years old when I suddenly found myself with a new family. The only member of this family that wasn't new to me was my six year old sister Shelly.

Our parents had gone on a day trip while we were at school. By the time I got home after fetching Shelly from her school on my way, they weren't back yet. I made lunch for Shelly and I, then settled down to my homework. By the time I'd finished, it was dark outside and there was still no sign of them. I picked up the phone and called my mom's number.

To cut a long story short, the guy who answered the phone was a police officer. He asked if there was anyone I could call that would take us in for the night. The first person that came to mind was Shelly's friend's mother Mrs. Dawson.

When Shelly was two, my mother had met this woman at the park. They'd gotten talking because she had a daughter almost the same age. Since then they'd become close friends, spending almost every afternoon together during the week, and most of the day on weekends.

After speaking to the officer, I called her and explained what had happened. Within fifteen minutes she was at our house and had an overnight bag packed for Shelly. While she'd been packing Shelly's, I'd been packing my own. We spent that night on a makeshift bed in the living room of their house.

"Sean," Mrs. Dawson said to me, as she sat down across from me at the breakfast table the next morning. "I think you and Shelly should stay here today instead of going to school."

"What's happened to my mom and dad?" I asked, but I felt like I already knew the answer to that.

I'd heard her on the phone shortly after she'd picked us up, but her side of the conversation was mostly yes's and ok,s.

"Your mom and dad were in a car accident yesterday. I'm so sorry."

At those last three words I knew I was right, but they still caused a feeling that felt like a lead ball in my stomach.

Social services showed up later that afternoon, together with a man I'd only ever seen once. It turned out that he was my parent's lawyer. The reason for his visit was so that he could sort out with Mrs. Dawson about our living arrangements, and social services were there to make sure they were suitable.

My mom and dad had put Mr. and Mrs. Dawson down as our legal guardians.

Mrs. Dawson sat me down again after they left and explained all of it to me, then went off to prepare their spare room where I would spend the next three and a half years. For that night, she put Shelly into bed with her daughter Leena. The next day her and Mr. Dawson went shopping for a bed for Shelly and had it set up in Leena's room.

Shelly didn't spend nearly as much time as I did, crying over the loss of our parents. She had Leena, and of course, she was only six. I'd been too engrossed in school work to make any friends who I could now rely on to comfort me through this terrible time.

Mrs. Dawson, a fairly attractive woman who was twenty seven years old at the time, noticed this and did her best to help me through it.

Her and I spent many hours across from each other over breakfast during those next three and a half years. It was at one of those sittings that she informed me that Mr. Dawson would no longer be around.

That was when I was seventeen. I asked her why, but she couldn't answer me then. Seeing how she felt, I did my best to comfort her.

I found out the reason why Mr. Dawson had left, one day when I overheard one of her telephone conversations. It was over half a year after he'd walked out, and a few months shy of my eighteenth. To put it simply, he'd left because he hadn't planned on three children.

After the phone conversation, I walked up to her and apologized for Shelly and I being the cause of his departure. This lead to yet another sit down talk in which she explained to me that it wasn't our fault.

"Sean... both Mr. Dawson and I agreed when your parents asked us if we'd be willing to take care of you if anything happened to them, so you can't hold this over your head. I appreciate your apology though, but you are not to blame."

That conversation was the longest one I'd had had with her. She'd gone on to explain that even though it was difficult for her to take care of us without him to help her, she'd do the best she could and hoped we were happy so far.

I assured her that I was, and mentioned that there was no need to point out how happy Shelly was now that she had a 'sister'.

Mrs. Dawson let me know that there was no need for me to move out when I turned eighteen and was more than welcome to stay as long as my sister was still underage.

"I know how close you both are and I would never do anything to separate you, but should you choose to go off on your own, you're always more than welcome to visit her anytime."

"If it's finances..." I started, but she cut me off.

"Your parents left sufficient funds." She smiled. "That wasn't what I meant by it being difficult taking care of you. You see... a woman is quite capable of raising a male child, and a man can raise a female child..." She sat there thinking of how to put what needed to be said into words that wouldn't embarrass either of us.

I sat quietly, wondering if this would be the inevitable 'birds and bees' talk that surely all children get at some point during their teens. My parents had already given me this talk, but I was afraid to mention it to Mrs. Dawson on the off-chance that it wasn't what she was trying to tell me.

Finally she looked up at me, a frown forming on her face. "Sean... did your parents ever talk to you about... sex?"

"Yes they did." I replied.

The look of relief on her face was heartwarming.

"Dad explained the whole puberty thing when I was thirteen. Then they both gave me the rest shortly after I turned fifteen."

"Thank goodness for that." She sighed. "But seeing as how openly you just said that... I needn't have been as nervous as I was." She laughed.

"They were fairly open on the whole subject." I said. "Even Shelly knows about puberty and what happens to a girls body."

"Really?"

"Yes, and I wouldn't be surprised if Leena's learned it from her by now." I smiled.

"Is it just the part about puberty that your parents explained to Shelly?" She was looking a little panic stricken.

"Yes, they were saving the sex talk for when she reached puberty."

The subject of sex and puberty ended there... in that conversation. From then on, any talks I had with Mrs. Dawson were based on school, school work, my future and basic everyday life. The discussion about my future was her asking me what I wanted to do when I finished school. I was three months into my eighteenth year upon this planet when that conversation took place, and just two months away from writing my final exams.

I explained that I wanted to go to university, but unfortunately my parents hadn't saved up enough for that by the time they were taken from us. I informed her that I'd taken the time to rethink it and would find work that would allow me to pay for evening college classes to further my education, and that my goal was to hopefully have enough funds set aside for if Shelly chose to attend university.

"You've really put some thought into this, haven't you Sean?" She said, rather admirably.

"Kind of." I replied. "The whole university thing was already planned before, but now with my parents gone... I've had to rethink it. I've got Shelly's education to think about. Sorry, no offense. I know you're doing a great job with looking after us, but I also know you can't afford to save for her to go to university as well."

"None taken." Mrs. Dawson replied. "You are so mature for your age. Most eighteen year olds are thinking about getting out there and getting their lives started, but here you are thinking about your sister." She took my hand and gave it a squeeze. It was the first contact we'd made since the hugs I'd given her in comfort after her husband had left.

"Sean... could I ask you something really personal?"

"Sure." I replied. If she'd said that to me when my parents were around, I don't think I would have felt so confident, but we'd been living together for almost three and a half years and had many conversations.

"How come you don't have a girlfriend?" She'd hesitated for almost a whole minute, and when the question finally came out, I didn't believe it was the question she'd wanted to ask.

I shrugged. "My studies are more important because they're going to get me the job that's going to help pay for Shelly's university."

"So you're not going to look until when... until you've finished school... until you've saved enough money... until Shelly goes to university... I mean... when are you planning on finding a woman to share your life with?"

"To be honest, I haven't really thought about that." I said truthfully.

"What about if you found someone who fully supported your goal and would help you reach it and any future goals you might have in mind?"

I took a moment to think about that. "Then I'd probably have me a girlfriend." I smiled.

Mrs. Dawson sat in thought for about five minutes as we sat across from each other. Finally she looked right at me, her blue eyes seeming to look through me.

"Sean... would you be offended if I told you that I want to be that woman?"

I almost choked on my own breath.

"I've spent many hours listening to you and I fully support what you want to do for Shelly. I don't expect you to do the same for Leena, that's my job and I'd love to follow in your footsteps to allow her that opportunity if she wants it. I've seen how you are with both the girls and I think you'd be good for them if you stayed here with me."

She waited for an answer that I was too shocked to give.

As long as I'd known this woman, I'd thought of her as my mom's friend. I thought she was beautiful, yes, but not in a sexual way... at least not until now. I knew what girlfriend and boyfriend meant. I knew that girlfriend and boyfriend was intended to lead to marriage and I knew what husband and wife meant.

When I hadn't answered after five whole minutes, she asked. "Is my age a problem to you? Do you not find me attractive?"

"You are beautiful." I blurted. "But... I'm sorry, this is just so... sudden." Then realizing I was probably hurting her feelings by failing to give her the answer she almost certainly wanted, I added. "Please forgive me, it's just that I've never thought of you in that way to consider your age or your sexuality. You are beautiful, and now that I'm thinking about it... rather attractive." I swallowed hard. "The fact that you've brought this up tells me that my age doesn't matter to you."

She shook her head with a smile. "Your way of thinking is far beyond where it should be and that means more to me than anything else. I'm sorry that I've just dumped this on you..."

She paused, long enough for me to think she wasn't going to say anything else. So I said. "Mrs. Dawso..."

"Sean, please call me Bianca."

"Alright... I've never..."

"Bianca Sean, say it. Come on you can do it." She teased.

I assume it was her attempt at lightening the mood. "Bianca." I said, tasting the word in my mouth and feeling it on my lips and tongue. It was the first time I actually felt sexually aroused about this Italian beauty sitting before me.

"Now what were you about to tell me?" She asked sweetly.

"I was goin..."

"Bianca." She reminded me.

"Alright. Bianca... I was going to say that I've never been with a woman." I couldn't believe how easily those words flowed from my mouth. It must have been all those hours of talking to her, plus the fact that my parents had spoken so freely about sex that made it so easy to just say it.

"Maybe your mom and dad taught you the theory about sex, but I could teach you the practical side and you wouldn't even have to agree to staying with me." She smiled. "No strings, I promise." She leaned forward and folded her hands on the table. "Don't you think it's time you finally found out what it's like to bury your cock in a nice warm... wet pussy Sean?"

I almost chocked on my own breath again.

"Come on Sean, give me your answer." She lowered her voice to a hoarse whisper. "Don't make me beg you for it."

I swallowed hard, opened my mouth to talk and found that I needed to swallow again.

"Ok, let's do it this way." She said, standing up and starting to unbutton her blouse. "If you suddenly feel the need to stop me Sean, go ahead."

She had me. I couldn't say a word, so how was I going to stop her verbally. My whole body felt like jelly, so how was I going to get up and go to her and grab her hands so she couldn't go on undressing herself. I was going to see her naked form whether I wanted to or not.

The situation changed. As she was undressing herself, she was moving slowly toward me. Working her way round the table as she undid the last button and slipped her blouse off her shoulders. "Sean." She said, as she lay it over the back of the nearest chair. "Do you want me to stop?"

My whole body was weak. Too weak to even nod or shake my head. Too weak now to even swallow or lick up the trickle of drool that I was too numb to feel trailing it's way from the corner of my mouth to the bottom of my jaw.

I'd seen women in underwear, but in pictures of the countless catalogs that made their way to our mailbox... never in real life. Now I found myself staring at a live woman in a skirt and bra. Somehow I wasn't too weak to follow her path round the table.

Her hands moved down to her skirt and undid the button above the zip. Then she lowered the zip and let the skirt pool round her feet. "You can tell me to stop any time Sean." She teased.

I must have looked like an idiot with the drool running down toward my chin and my lower jaw flapping uselessly up and down. I still couldn't feel the drool, but I could certainly feel the movement of my jaw... or maybe it was just my imagination.

As she stepped out of the skirt, her hands went up behind her back.

Next thing I knew, her bra was coming off and her small perky breasts were on display before my eyes. They were the first pair of breasts I'd ever seen outside of a science text book. They were beautiful. I was so focused on them that I didn't even notice her panties coming off.

She only stopped walking when she was standing at my side. She bent and took hold of my wrist, raising it to her breast as she stood up straight. "Do you like how that feels?" She asked softly. "Is my thirty year old body good enough to be your first Sean?" She leaned over and kissed the line of drool on my lower jaw.

It was only when she moved my hand down to her pussy that I noticed she was completely naked. I felt my balls tingle and my cock swell, then it started throbbing. A feeling I knew all too well from my dreams, but they hadn't just been dreams because I'd woken up from each one with a mess to clean up so that my mom or (more recently) Mrs. Daw... Bianca, wouldn't have to do it.

It wasn't that they hadn't wanted to clean it up, it was me not wanting either of them to see what had happened.

"Sean?"

"Yes?" I barely whispered. Finally managing something.

"Would you like your first time to be with me?"

So far she hadn't been anywhere near my cock, and neither had she shown any sign of noticing my premature ejaculation. Either she hadn't, or didn't want to embarrass me.

"I want every time to be with you." I blurted, not knowing I was going to say anything at all.

"You might want to go get cleaned up first." She smiled. "Maybe give yourself time to change your mind while you're doing it. I don't want to force myself on you if you really don't want to."

"I... you..." I couldn't talk again. Now that I had something in mind and wanted to say it, I couldn't. I tried a new approach. "Bianca, I want my first time to be with you."

The only problem was that I didn't know if I wanted it because I was looking at her naked body or if there was maybe some other reason.

She removed my hand from her pussy and cupped it between both of hers. "Sex is a wonderful thing, so you might want to change your mind about who you want your first time to be with while you're getting cleaned up." She insisted.

My first attempt at trying to stand up was futile. My legs still felt like jelly. She helped me up and helped me as far as the bathroom door.

The silence from the girls room as we walked past was unusual. Then I remembered that they were at one of their friend's houses for the day.

When we got to the bathroom, Bianca asked if I was ok to go the rest of the way on my own. I nodded, so she let go of my arm and closed the door behind me.

I turned round, expecting to see her standing there. She'd left me on my own, giving me privacy while I cleaned myself up.

That simple gesture set off a whole chain of thoughts in my head. The first and most clearest was that I wanted her. Right then I didn't know if I wanted her for my first time, or for all time.

I quickly undressed while allowing the rest of the thoughts to race round my head without paying much attention to them. My mind was on whether I should walk out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped round me or not, since I had no change of underwear to replace my spoiled ones, and looking at the patch on my trousers... I had no spare of those either. At least not here in the bathroom.

After cleaning myself off and drying, there was a knock at the bathroom door.

"Sean, I hope you don't mind, but I went into your room to get you some clean clothes. I'll just leave them on a stool here by the door."

She'd taken very good care of Shelly and I since the day I'd called her, but this was beyond what I thought of as her 'call of duty' where we, or at least I, was concerned. In the space of about twenty minutes, I'd gone from thinking of this woman as my mother's friend, to thinking of her as the type of woman I'd love to have in my life.

I made a decision. Unmindful of whether she was outside the door in the hopes of seeing me naked, I opened it to retrieve my clothes. They were neatly piled on the stool from in front of her dresser. Trousers, shirt and underwear.

As soon as she heard the door open, She called. "You don't have to worry, I'm in the kitchen."

"I wasn't." I called back. "Thank you." Then walked to the kitchen. "I don't know if I want to stay here with you yet," I said as I made my way. "But I do want my first time to be with you, and if you don't mind, I'll think about everything else afterward."

As I walked through the archway, I found her walking toward it. As naked as she'd been when she left me at the bathroom door.

"I'll be honoured to be your first." She smiled. That smile made her more beautiful than I'd ever seen her before. "Oh, I didn't realize..." her eyes trailed over my whole body.

I should admit now that I'm no high school jock type of guy. I'm just an average, not too bad looking, not what you'd expect a nerd to look like type of guy. Yet in those few seconds that she took to look me over, the look in her eyes made me feel like I was the hottest guy she'd ever laid eyes on.

"I meant to ask you earlier if you were a virgin." Her comment was in a conversational tone. "But you answered that when you told me after that you'd never been with a woman." She smiled. "I promise I'll be gentle and I won't be offended if you decide you don't want to do this."
