 Chapter 1- An Odd Introduction 

I had grown up in a big city and lived in various versions of the large city until my early thirties. Then I'd met a small-town Midwest girl (at least, it was a small town to me, only a hundred thousand people) and married her. We ended up moving to her small Midwest town and lived there longer than I would have liked. To my distress, she left me for a twenty one year-old and I was stuck with the financial obligations. 

Massively in debt, in a dead-end call-floor supervisor job and feeling like a chump, I moved into a house with some friends, where I tried to forget my misery and waited for the divorce to go through. It was not long after that I ran into our neighbours. They seemed nice enough, I suppose. A guy who looked like an pudgy office exec (which it turns out he was), a teen son, a daughter and an inexplicably hot wife. I never really thought that much about it, outside of noticing that she was indeed hot. I occasionally saw her running in the mornings or evenings and we smiled and said 'hi', but that was more or less the limit of our interactions for some time. 

That changed after I'd been staying in the house for about a year. It was early summer and the roomies had all moved out to do various things, leaving me with the place to myself. Not that I objected too much, I'd paid down my debt considerably, the rent was livable and it was nice to have peace and quiet for a change. Now to give you some perspective, my house was on a corner, with a largish backyard, a driveway and a small garage, a tool shed and some more property. My neighbour's property more or less was the same- their tool shed was right next to ours, their garage beyond that, their yard and then their house, which was the other corner that defined our block. 

When it got late in the day, The areas behind the tool sheds and garages would become dark, since they were shaded by large chestnut trees and away from the street lights. Not pitch black, but free of street scrutiny, I guess you could say. It was warm June night and I had just gone for a walk to clear my head after a day at work. Living in the chestnut tree that spanned the two properties was an albino squirrel I had named 'Thunderhorse'. As I was getting ready to go inside, I saw him scampering around and thought he must be looking for food. I had a small bag of shelled walnuts in my pocket I had bought from a vending machine earlier so I decided to make a donation to the Thunderhorse Fund. 

I walked over toward the small area of grass behind the tool sheds, figuring I could spread them there for him and it was less likely other critters would get the offering. Now I've always been told that in spite of my size I walk very quietly when I so choose. Not wanting to disrupt the squirrel as he foraged, I took care to not stomp as I went back... 

"Oh..." said a surprised voice. 

I turned my head and my eyes went wide- squatting behind the tool shed, with her skirt hiked up, was my MILF neighbour. I had caught her in the middle of peeing. She was well out of sight of anyone unless they happened to come back here. We both stared for a moment before I blushed and turned away. 

"I... uh... sorry..." I stammered. 

I didn't hear her moving or rustling to get up or conceal herself or anything, I just heard her take a breath and continue peeing. Normally if one were to do this on grass, it would be very quiet and it no doubt was, but to me, caught off-guard, it sounded like a thunderous waterfall. 

"Well, this is awkward," she said after a few moments. "You might as well turn around, I'm in no danger of finishing just yet." 

I didn't move just yet. 

"C'mon, turn around..." 

I turned around and fixed my gaze directly on hers, determined not to look anywhere else. She smiled and remained in her squat. 

"Aren't you polite," she commented. "But there's no need to be so rigid. Hard to talk to you when you're all the way over there." 

I closed the distance between us slowly and took a look at her, as instructed. Now I had appreciated her figure as she jogged by me and I knew she was trim, fit and had a large bust, but I had to admit this was a new level of appreciation- her legs were long and firm, her waist small and a flat, trim stomach. She was wearing a short, loose jean skirt and a simple white t-shirt covered her large breasts. Flip-flops completed her ensemble and her long, blonde hair was pulled back in one of those lazy and sloppy but sexy ponytails. 

I dared to look between her legs and even though it was dark, I could see her peeing. Her pussy was shaved completely clean, something I had not expected. 

"If I didn't know better I'd say it's been a while since you've seen a woman," she commented casually, clearly enjoying my reaction. "A good-looking guy like you and no girlfriend?" 

"I recently divorced." I replied somewhat dully. 

"Oh, you poor dear..." she said, her voice tinted with genuine sympathy. After all, she was married with a family and I was more or less alone and adrift. The closest thing I had to a girl was my PS3. It's not that I couldn't get one, but I wasn't all that interested right now. I'd been depressed for the past year and dating was not really a priority. True, there'd been a few small flings and I'd slept with a few girls, but I'd never been serious about dating anyone. 

"Actually, I think I remember hearing that," she said, still not moving. "I remember the girl who used to live there with you saying that someone had moved in who was getting divorced. That was you." 

"Afraid so," I replied, now looking at her face again. "So, uh... you come here often?" 

"Actually, I do," she admitted, blushing a little. "Sort of my little rebellion against proper society, I guess. I'm imagine I'm lucky I haven't been caught before now." 

"I'm really sorry," I said again. "I walk pretty quietly for a big guy." 

"Yes, you really do. You should be careful about that." 

"Yeah, you never know when someone's going to be randomly urinating behind your shed." I replied, trying to smirk. In response, she giggled. She still hadn't moved from her squatting position. 

"Well, my little secret is out, now what?" she asked, looking up at me. 

"Your little secret is safe with me," I said assuringly. "I'm in no danger of telling anyone." 

"Good to hear, but I didn't mean that," she replied, finally standing and adjusting her skirt. She looked at me pointedly. "You've seen me, now I should get to see you. Fair's fair, after all." 

I raised my eyebrow at her. "You're... you're joking, right? Me finding you and seeing you was an accident." 

"And a happy one, no doubt," she added. "But that's no excuse. You could've turned around immediately and marched away back to your house and you didn't. That means you owe me." 

"So what, I'm supposed to show you my dick?" I asked. 

"Oh, no, darling, you got to see me pee, I think you should return the favour. After all, a show should never be free." 

The weird part was I could tell she was serious. She just stared at me pointedly through the twilight. "I promise not to stare too intently." 

Damn me if my perverted mind and sense of fair play didn't agree with her on some weird level. I drew a deep breath and began to loosen my belt and then undo my jeans. She smiled lightly and her gaze went back and forth between my face and my pants. Determined not to blush, I pulled out my member and concentrated, letting myself go. She smirked and nodded in approval as I pissed on the grass, not far from where she had been squatting. 

"There, was that so bad?" she asked sweetly as I tucked myself back into my pants and zipped up. "Now we're even and it's out of the way, agreed?" 

"That's one way of looking at it," I agreed. "That didn't strike you as weird?" 

"It was only weird until you took a leak and evened out the scoreboard," she pointed out. "Besides, it was a good time. I met my neighbour and we know a little something about one another now." 

She straightened out her clothes, smiled and nodded to me. "Have yourself a good night!" she said, waving with her fingers and sauntering back to her house through the gap between her tool shed and her garage. I stood there for a few moments, trying to figure out what had just happened and why. 

Had a married woman and I just chatted and peed together? 

I went back into the house and carried on with my evening, although images of her squatting in the grass would make it difficult to concentrate. 

It occurred to me that I'd never even found out her name. Awkward... 

*** 

Summer progressed and got a little warmer, the nights becoming positively sultry. The trees were lush and providing ample shade. I would see my neighbour lady again intermittently, usually while she was out for a run. She'd smile and wave as she jogged by me, occasionally saying 'hi!'. Sometimes I would be walking by her place and one of the big living room windows was open, the curtains pulled back. Inside would be the family. If she saw me she would smile and wave. It was as if what had happened never really happened. Certainly she gave no sign of it. I guess that was for the best. I put the incident to the back of my mind, although I will admit I did allow myself to fantasize about that body once in a while. Who wouldn't? 

It was Friday night and dusk was giving way to night. It was dark grey outside and I was standing in my kitchen doing my dishes. I had turned off the main light and was washing by a smaller light sitting on my counter. It meant I could see what was going on outside my windows if necessary. 

Turns out I could also be seen. 

Some movement caught my eye and I looked- behind the sheds I could see my MILF neighbour, this time wearing jogging shorts and a plain white tank top. Her breasts stood out invitingly beneath the flimsy material. 

I must have been staring dumbly because she looked my way, saw me, beamed a smile and waved. I blinked and nodded in response. She looked around furtively for a moment and then made a beckoning motion to me. I paused, considering and then left my dishes and headed outside. I made my way back behind the sheds where she was standing and waiting. She smiled again as I approached. 

"Here I was, about to indulge my little rebellion again when I saw you staring," she chided, waving her finger at me. "Naughty young man." 

I snorted. "First of all, my kitchen window faces your yard and behind our sheds, so in my defense, I'm pretty much guaranteed to see what happens back here. Second, thanks for the young compliment, but I'm at least your age." 

"Oh, please," she scoffed. "You're maybe in your late twenties at best." 

"Actually, I'm thirty-eight." I admitted. 

My neighbour whistled. "Damn, you sure don't look it," she muttered. "I've only got a year on you." 

"And you sure as hell don't look almost forty." I told her with honesty. "All that running you do pays off." 

"Oh, thank you," she said warmly. "You're such a charmer." 

"By the way, do you have a name?" I asked. "I feel awkward having seen you pee but not knowing who you are." 

"Oh," she said before giggling and reaching out her hand. "That does sound awkward, doesn't it? Call me Lynn." 

"Pretty name. I'm Mike." I said, shaking her hand. 

There was a moment of silence and I finally let go of her hand. "So, uh... I guess I'd better get back inside and, uh, let you take care of business..." 

Lynn rolled her eyes and smirked. "Don't be silly, I didn't bring you out here to discuss the weather. I asked you out here so that we could indulge in our ritual again." 

"I was unaware that one chance encounter constituted a ritual," I replied, still unconvinced. 

"Then we'll have to make it one," Lynn concluded. "I'm not objecting to it. Having you here seeing me is a safe little thrill, sort of like getting caught without the risk." 

"I don't think your husband is likely to approve, though." I said warily. 

"Oh, it's fine," she sort of huffed, her brow darkening. "He thinks I'm out for a run. Besides, it's not like you and I are fucking or anything." 

Something in the way she said fucking sent a delightful shiver through me. It struck me once again how attractive she was- Lynn had an amazing body- it was still firm and any teenager would be jealous. Her face was lovely, her tits were big and still perky and her legs were fantastic, as was what I had seen of her ass. Her husband was a lucky guy. 

"No arguing that point," I conceded. "So, now what? What do we do?" 

"Same as before, silly- we pee," Lynn answered, giving me a look. "I thought that was clear." 

"Is this a fetish of yours?" I asked, smiling wryly. 

"I, well, maybe a little one," she admitted. "It's not as weird as you think. There might be a minor thrill in the risk of getting caught. And sometimes I'll bring a mirror in the shower with me, squat and watch myself pee in there, but nothing too out there." 

"Not at all," I said, grinning. I decided I was in. "So, who goes first?" 

"I was thinking maybe this time we could do it together. Y'know, at the same time." Lynn suggested. "Does that sound okay? We'll watch each other as we do it." 

I considered for a moment. "Sounds supremely fair. So, what, you'll do the same as before and I guess I'll kneel so I'm not hovering over you?" 

"That would work," she said. "It'll take me just a sec to get out of my shorts..." 

I watched as she shimmied out of the shorts and then her underwear. She didn't seem at all bothered by my looking on. Maybe she had a touch of exhibitionist in her. I tried not to breathe too loudly at the sight of her lovely pussy again. 

It was getting dark but I could have sworn I saw a hint of a glisten down there. 

She faced me, having deposited the shorts and panties on the ground, now wearing only her tank top and running shoes. "Alright," she said firmly, crossing her arms. "If you're gonna kneel, you'll want to get those pants down." 

I nodded and once again undid my belt. I dropped my pants and my boxers, letting her take a moment to stare. 

"Okay, then," she announced, dropping down into a squat. I followed suit, going down onto my knees, my jeans pooled behind me on my calves. "Do you need a moment to warm up? I'm ready to go." 

"I think I can manage." I replied, smiling and taking hold of myself. She nodded and took a breath. To my surprise, she reached down and used two fingers to pull her thick lips apart, giving me a good view of her inner pink, or what would have been a good view if it had been lighter out. Perhaps this was part of the game. 

She shivered slightly and began to pee. Determined not to be left behind, I followed suit. The splashing against the grass no doubt sounded a thousand times louder to us than it actually was and I resisted the urge to look around and see if anyone had heard us. Rationally I know this wasn't possible, but this situation was hardly rational now, was it? 

Lynn stared at my cock while I did my thing and I reciprocated, my eyes fixed on her lovely slit as she peed. I have no particular fetish for these sorts of things but I had to admit I was enjoying it with her, a welcome exception to my rule. As she flexed her pussy and squeezed out the last few drops, my eyes trailed up over her flat stomach to her tits, barely contained beneath the shirt. She caught me staring and smiled. 

"They're pretty damn good, aren't they?" she said, clearly pleased. "All natural, in case you're wondering." 

"You're husband sure as hell lucked out." I muttered as I finished my own show. We both stood and I fastened myself back up while she climbed back into her panties and jogging shorts. 

"Yeah, now if only he'd remember that one of these days," Lynn grumbled in response. "He's always too busy." 

She shook off the moment and sighed in satisfaction, her hands on her hips. "Well, I feel refreshed. Thank you so much for the company, Mike." 

"You too, Lynn." I said. "Pleasure was mine." 

We shook hands and went back to our respective domiciles, my mind bubbling over with questions. Just what the hell was going on, anyway? 

*** 

Two days later I found a slip of paper pushed through my mail slot. It was folded in half and had pretty handwriting on it. All it said was. "My cell number. L" and had a phone number on it. 

I blinked at the number written on the piece of paper for a few moments before pulling my cellphone off its clip and programming it into the device. If this indeed was Lynn's cell, she was asking me to contact her, in case I was interested. True, if we were going to continue our strange little ritual, as she put it, then it made sense to be able to reach one another by means other than window sightings. 

I considered for moment before sending a text to the number. All it said was '7:30' 

Moments later the reply came. 'K' 

I went into my living room, turned on some music and played the waiting game. 

*** 

"We've gotta stop meeting like this," I said casually as I walked into the secluded area behind our sheds. She was wearing faded jeans and a t-shirt advertising Black Sabbath. Kicking it old school is never a bad thing. "You a metal fan?" 

"I'd been to a few concerts in my wilder days," she replied. "With the long hair, you look like a metal head." 

"Guilty as charged. Thanks for meeting me. I guess this is becoming something of a ritual now." 

"Are you enjoying our little ritual?" she asked, smiling slyly. 

"Weirdly enough, yes I am," was my response. "I'm not into this sort of thing, but with you, yeah, this is fun." 

"Well that makes two of us," Lynn said. "I'm not in the habit of pissing in front of people. I like doing it in secluded areas for the rebellion, I guess, but I've never felt the urge to do it while people were watching. I guess it's because you caught me and my heart didn't explode, you know?" 

"I can see that. You're the first person I've willingly pissed in front of that I wasn't married to, at least in my adult life." 

"Ugh, Carter is so squeamish and repressed about that sort of thing," Lynn said, a little vexed as she thought about something. "He can't even be on the same damn floor as a person using the bathroom. It's not that I need him to watch, but he has to be miles away. I guess his little phobia is a part of my rebellion." 

"Sorry to hear that, Lynn." I responded, using her name casually for the first time. "Well, I'm here to help, I guess. Shall I go first or do you want to? Or we could go mutual again?" 

She smiled and pondered. "I'll go first. I want to try a different position today." 

She shimmied out of her jeans and panties and sat with her back against the tool shed, her legs bent at the knees and spread wide. 

"Come a little closer so you can get a good look," she purred, obviously enjoying this indulgence more and more. I couldn't say as I blamed her, I was beginning to as well. I stripped out of my pants and knelt close to her. She smiled again and used both hands to pull back her pussylips again. I leaned in to get a good look, since that was obviously her intent. Her inner puss was that lovely and unreal shade of coral pink and she looked good and tight, in spite of having two kids. 

She smiled and traced her fingers around the outer lips for a few seconds and then shivered slightly. "You might want to lean back now..." she whispered. 

I leaned back and she began to pee, the stream making an arc away from her body because of the angle she was sitting back at. The trajectory or where it landed didn't really interest me, I kept on watching her. Her eyes were closed as she did her thing and she seemed to be biting her lip. Once she had finished, she sighed and looked over at me, her hands now caressing her thighs. 
