 Chapter 3- Behaving Is Hard 

Lynn and I met up twice in the week following my birthday and our little rendezvous' were comparatively tame. At least as tame as two people meeting behind a shed to piss together can get. There was no touching on either occasion and we kept the conversation from getting too scandalous. If we hadn't been naked and watching one another, it might have seemed a routine passing tradition of neighbours. 

We didn't ask who was going to go first and we more or less stripped out of our clothes without any ceremony. Lynn would squat and pee while I knelt and watched, keeping up our innocuous chatter. Then I would stand or kneel and do my thing while she observed and talked. The small talk was always that, small talk. We discussed her kids or the weather or how things were going for me at work. Then we would get dressed, thank one another for showing up and go back to our houses to await the next ritual. 

Early August arrived and Lynn casually mentioned her birthday was coming up. I told her she could have the night off from our little ritual but she replied that she would like to indulge it if that was okay with me. I acquiesced easily enough, wondering what was so boring about her life that this was a preferable alternative to spending time with her husband. 

Her birthday arrived and we had agreed to meet late at night, after everyone else was gone to bed. She was waiting for me behind the sheds around eleven, dressed in a plush terrycloth robe and I assumed she had nothing on beneath. She smiled and stepped forward and hugged me as I wished her a happy birthday and she purred a thank you. I could feel her huge, lovely breasts pressed to my chest through the material of her robe and my body stirred in response. She felt it and giggled, clearly pleased.  

"Michael, I know we agreed to dial it back for the good of my marriage, but can we make an exception tonight?" she asked as she shed her robe, revealing her amazing body to me. The moon pierced the tree canopy and illuminated her skin breathtakingly. "This was a sucky birthday." 

"I'm sorry to hear that, darling," I replied as I removed my own clothes, which consisted of a t-shirt and pajama bottoms. "May I ask why?" 

"Well, his lordship worked late, for one thing," she grumbled. "Dinner consisted of taking me to a local burger joint, along with the kids. I had fun with them, but Carter seemed to be in a hurry. We got home, he gave me a three-minute birthday fucking and then passed out." 

"Wow, king of the romantics, eh?" I mused as I stared at her body. We did this now unashamedly, since it was one of the reasons we indulged the ritual. No peeks or furtive glances, just open staring at my cock and her tits, pussy and ass. It worked for us. 

"He even used a fucking condom," she almost hissed. "With his wife. Who does that shit?" 

I stepped forward and hugged her, naked body to naked body. She didn't stiffen or resist at all, merely returning the gesture, her face against my broad shoulder. 

"I'm sorry, Lynn," I said quietly. "We can break the rule tonight." 

"Thank you," she whispered. "Don't worry, we won't fuck, but I do need to cum. We just can't be too direct about it, okay? I can still justify and rationalize that." 

I nodded and released her while she took a deep breath and gazed at my body. "First, are you okay with peeing on me again? We'll save that for the end when we conclude our ritual proper, okay? Until then, though, how shall we make ourselves cum without fucking or jerking one another off? We could do the almost-fucking thing again." 

I nodded. "God knows, I came hard enough when we did that. So run my shaft up and down your slit and tease your clit with my head until you cum?" 

"Oh, that does sound wonderful," she breathed, smiling slyly. "Jesus, I'm already wet from thinking about it." 

She sat down quickly, spread her legs and pulled her thick pussylips open for me, displaying herself wantonly. "See?" 

I grinned and knelt down, leaning in for a closer look. "Yes, that you are, darling." 

"Being an exhibitionist for you turns me on," she said breathily, tracing a single finger around her wet lips, teasing herself. "We can masturbate together, right?" 

"Yes." I replied readily, letting her see my hardening cock now, just in front of her. I began to stroke the shaft, bringing myself to full attention, as she deserved. 

"Mmmmm, good," she purred, continuing to work herself. "You gonna cum on my pussy again?" 

"Yes." 

Lynn now knelt up and got closer to me, her amazing, silken breasts pressed to my throbbing manhood. She caressed them up and down, enveloping me, which felt incredible. 

"No hands, no mouth and no fucking, but maybe a titty massage is acceptable, right?" 

It certainly was in my estimation. I watched rapt as my pulsing cockhead poked up through the magnificent globes, which she squeezed together. She rubbed up and down, massaging me. She hummed in pleasure as she ministered to me, clearly enjoying herself. 

"This should be my husband I do this stuff with," she said huskily, looking up into my eyes as she titty-fucked me. "But I need to be doing it so bad..." 

She now reached around my hips and hugged me close, pressing me between her breasts hard and grinding around. The side of her face rested against my stomach and I put my hands on her shoulders, kneading and massaging them while she did her thing. I could tell she wanted to do more, but we had agreed to keep from doing that ultimate deed. 

She pulled her face back and looked up at me, her eyes glinting with unreal lust, even in the darkness of night behind our sheds. I took hold of my cock and began tapping it against her cheeks, her nose and her mouth. She closed her eyes and moaned as I teased her, yearning to suck on it but refraining. 

"Evil man..." she whispered. 

She then turned around and got on all fours, presenting her incredible ass to me. Her pussy glistened wetly. 

"Drive me crazy, chief..." she panted quietly. "Make me regret my resolve..." 

I stood behind her and bent my knees so that I was in a semi-crouch. I took my cock and began stroking up and down her gooey slit, the cockhead passing over her clit and making us both shudder. I would occasionally draw the tip of the head over her pussylips, parting them ever so slightly, but not enough to break our agreement, as much as we both might have wanted that. Lynn hissed and ground back against me, desperate for more. 

Suddenly she moved forward away from me and bit her lip as she reached back and began sliding a finger in and out of her cooze, shuddering deliciously as she fucked herself. 

"Oooooh, okay..." she moaned. "Calmer now..." 

She sighed and then reached into the bag she'd brought, spreading a soft blanket on the ground. She then beckoned me over to join her, which I did. She began positioning me for whatever she had planned next. 

"Thanks for giving me a moment there, sport," she said quietly. "Almost lost it and drove myself back on your cock, hardcore." 

"A part of me really wanted you to," I admitted. "Not sure I would have had the willpower to stop you." 

"Let's have fun but be strong," she said, sitting me down and spreading my legs slightly. She then sat against me, her legs scissored with mine and pulled herself close to me, breasts to my chest. I could feel her gooey netherlips against my shaft and realized what she had planned. 

"It's not fucking if you're not in me, right?" she breathed as she began to squirm against me. We held one another close, staring into each other's eyes, almost forehead to forehead. My cock split her pussylips as she slithered it against me, both of us trembling as the vein on the underside of my shaft slid between them. 

I wanted to kiss her so bad. I wanted to slide my aching cock deep inside her pussy so bad it was unreal. But I somehow resisted, continuing to writhe against her, denying the powerful urge to just take her, consequences and promises be damned. 

She writhed and ground against me faster, her hands flexing on my back. Her nipples pressed like hard pebbles into my chest as she squirmed her breasts into me. Her slippery pussy had my cock glistening with its desire, which I could feel trickling down over my balls. 

"Put your hands on my ass," she panted, looking into my eyes. "Pull me closer. I want to be as close as possible without having you in me..." 

I complied readily, putting my hands firmly on those divine cheeks for the first time and wedging her against me as tightly as I could. She shuddered and sighed, my throbbing shaft between her netherlips and sliding against her inner pink. She pressed her forehead to mine again, lost in reverie. She rocked her hips up and down along my length, her womanhood making slick noises as we ground and humped. 

"Oh my God..." she whispered, nuzzling my cheek with hers. "Oh my God... if only we could..." 

She exhaled with effort as she rose onto her knees, pulling her pussy away from my cock. Her whole body was trembling with the effort of restraint. She looked down at me, eyes flashing in the darkness. 

"Sorry, skipper," she breathed. "Had to pull away there before I did something I should regret but wouldn't. Let me make it up to you a little..." 

Lynn then pressed her incredible breasts to my face, enveloping me with them. I moaned in pleasure, wondering what I'd done to deserve such exquisite pleasures recently. She wiggled her chest back and forth, her nipples passing over my mouth. 

"Go ahead and kiss 'em a little," she breathed. "Just don't bite or I'll lose it and we'll be fucking instantly." 

It sounded more like a dare than a request to me, but I did as asked, kissing her nipples gently and even swirling my tongue over them. I didn't really suck on them for the same reason I wouldn't bite, because I figured that might be too much. My hands stayed on her ass, supporting her as she writhed against me. Her fingers tangled in my hair as she cradled me, panting and purring. She then reached under herself and took my throbbing cock in her hand. She pumped back and forth on it for a moment before lowering her body down, pressing the throbbing head against her pussylips, parting them ever so slightly. I moaned in pleasure, I was so close. She toyed it back and forth, never inserting me inside, but clearly wanting to and only holding off by some insane act of iron will. 

Then she pulled away from me and laid back on the blanket, spreading her legs wide. She held her arms out, beckoning me to her, eyes smouldering with unreal lust. 

"Get down here..." she rasped, barely in control. "Lie on me and fuck your cock against my cunt. Just don't put it in... please..." 

I was on her in a moment, writhing my body against hers. She groaned and wrapped her legs around me as she rocked back and forth, my raging hard cock pressed between us, sliding up and down her lips desperately. We humped and ground with an almost wild abandon and I was not sure if people couldn't hear us, no matter how isolated we were. I leaned down and kissed her breasts again and she shuddered with a dreadful eagerness. Her hips pressed up and keeping myself from slipping inside her wet, blossoming pussy was becoming actual work. I wanted to so bad. 

My body was beginning to shake as the familiar warmth enveloped me. I could feel her body readying itself too, both of us surrendering to the mutual orgasm that was approaching rapidly. 

"You about to blow, hun?" she whispered in my ear, nuzzling my cheek. I nodded and pushed against her harder, indicating my need. She pushed me up, rearing me back until I was kneeling between her legs, using my hand to pump my cock furiously. 

"Fire it on me!" she hissed, her fingers still stimulating her womanhood expertly. "Get your cum on my pussy. Just don't put your cock in me..." 

I needed no encouragement and I pumped my cock with a will, body stiffening as I felt the tingling surge flood through me. My back arched and I moaned as loudly as I dared, my cum shooting in ropes, splattering against her pussy. Lynn gasped as she felt it hit her, pulling her netherlips wide, taking some of the shots inside her gooey hole. She pressed her hips up so that my cockhead was right at the entrance, spurting directly in. I shook violently and some of my cum shot further up her body, spattering her stomach and her tits. Lynn moaned erotically at the feel of my warm cum on her skin. Her own cum bubbled over from within, glistening on her lips and against my cock when it was pressed to her. 

We were both silent for some time, panting and unable to say anything. I watched her lovely body heaving in the moonlight, an erotic fantasy that I would never be able to forget. Cum continued to ooze from the tip of my cock, which was pressed to her opening still. Her slippery hand pinched the head gently, squeezing the last of my essence onto her waiting labia before taking my hand gently. She smiled up at me. 

"You and I are not good at this whole behaving thing," she murmured. "Any old excuse like a birthday will do. We'd better not meet up on any holidays. Labour Day would be dangerous..." 

I simply nodded, unwilling to speak just yet. Our fingers stroked one another and my still-rigid cock rested now against her sticky pussy. I slowly laid back down on her and she took me into her arms, our bodies nestling together. She undulated beneath me gently, loving the feel of my strong form on top of hers. Her gooey pussy squirmed against my now softening member and I pressed my forehead to hers. Her fingernails traced along my jaw as she looked into my eyes. 

"That was pretty damned intense," she whispered, her fingers on my lips. "I wanted you inside me so badly, but against all odds we managed to keep from doing that. Not sure if I'm impressed or disappointed." 

"Me either." I said finally. "Like I don't spend enough time masturbating while I think of you." 

Lynn giggled and poked my nose with a sticky finger. "I admit, I cum a lot thinking about you, it's not exactly intermittent. If we can't stick to just pissing, do you think we can stick to this level of misbehaviour?" 

"So no kissing, jerking one another off or fucking? Just masturbating and lots of torturous grinding?" I posited. "I can probably do that. I've cum harder tonight not fucking you than I have fucking some girls." 

"Fair enough, I cum harder with you than I do with Carter these days, even when he does fuck me." Lynn replied. "I guess we both need this, hm?" 

She held out her pinkie finger. "No kissing, jerking one another off or fucking?" 

I wrapped my pinkie into hers. "Deal." 

"Good," she sighed, smiling and nestling her pussy to my cock. "Now let's get our ritual underway. Go ahead and just pee, lover..." 

I nodded and knelt up between her legs. She smiled dreamily and pulled her thick, sticky lips apart, exposing herself to me. I took hold of my cock and pressed the head against her pussy. I felt the rush and began to pee, causing her to sigh as I inundated her. She pressed her hips up gently and I could see my offering trickling inside her. Soon it bubbled over but I was still not done. I laid down again on top of her, my soft cock pressed to her womanhood as I continued to pee. Our fingers entwined beside her head as we looked into one another's eyes. Her hips and pussy undulated slowly and gently as she began to pee against me, our libations mingling between us. 

We finally finished and sighed heavily together. She hugged me close, humming in my ear and giving it a nibble before looking into my eyes. 

"One kiss? Just to have done it?" 

I leaned in and pressed my lips to hers. We resisted using our tongues but it was still incredibly arousing for me and my cock began to stir to life. Lynn giggled and shifted her hips around. 

"That turned on by me, are you?" she quipped, smiling slyly at me. "Naughty boy..." 

She wrapped her legs around me and I could feel my swollen cockhead pushed between her lips, warm and wet. Was I inside of her? Did this count as fucking? She purred as she raked her fingers along my back and bit my shoulder gently. 

"I want to fuck you so bad, but I can't..." she whispered. "I have to keep from giving in completely, Michael, no matter how much I want it. I am still married. This thing of ours will pass, I know, and I need to be able to say I made it out of this without disgracing myself completely. Does that make sense?" 

"As much as it can, I suppose," I said amiably. "We'll find a way to keep our deal." 

She leaned her head up and kissed me again before rolling out from beneath me. She giggled as our mixed pee and cum began to dribble and bubble out of her pussy, making some funny sounds. 

"You and I are nuts," she said in light-hearted tone. "Your cum and your pee are both in me but somehow we've managed to avoid fucking. How insane is that?" 

We toweled ourselves off and I helped her put the soiled towels and the sheet back into her back that she brought. She slipped back into her robe and looked at me, blushing. 

"I'd give you a hug goodnight, but to be honest I'm not sure I trust myself. I would probably fuck you if I touched you again, I am so turned on right now." 

"Return to our respective domiciles and send one another pics and videos later?" I suggested. She beamed a smile and nodded. "Sounds good. See you in the movies, sport!" 

Then she blew me a kiss and wiggled off, making sure she lifted the back of her robe to expose her ass to me as she disappeared into the darkness. I chuckled and returned to my house, where I showered and masturbated furiously. We exchanged some pictures and videos later that night but I felt calmer than I thought I would. We seemed to have found a level of ritual and taboo we could be satisfied with. We could justify it as being not a full-blown affair because we weren't kissing or fucking. 

It seemed we'd achieved the balance we sought. 

*** 

Two nights later, I had Lynn pushed up against the back wall of the shed and we were staring intently into one another's eyes as I slid my raging-hard cock back and forth over her slippery pussy. Her hips were tilted forward, my cockhead brushing over her clit with each pass. Lynn hissed and bit my shoulder as we both shuddered and began to cum. My hands reached down and took her by the ass, pulling her close. My pearly cum smeared all over her and her wetness covered my cock. 

We held one another close, waiting for the lovely flush of ecstasy to pass before she released me and squatted, beginning to pee. I took hold of my cock, aimed carefully and began to piss on her incredible breasts. She moaned in pleasure as we completed our ritual before standing and giving me a warm hug. 

We toweled off and said our goodnights, promising to set up another visit soon. 

*** 

This particular night was a mellow one, where we had decided to merely lie on the blanket together on our side, bodies barely touching, and look into one another's eyes while masturbating. My fist pumped my cock while Lynn fingered herself, her intense blue eyes locked with mine. 

Her nipples pressed to me and as her hips squirmed I could feel her hand touch mine or the pulsing head of my manhood. She bit her lip as she looked at me, her body warm, radiating her pleasure. We both wanted so much more so badly, yet refrained, an agreement that allowed us to morally justify continuing the ritual that meant so much to us. 

"Tease it against me, darling..." she whispered as she humped her fingers. "Let me feel your cockhead against my lips." 

I nodded and pressed my hips forward while her fingers rearranged themselves on her pussy to allow me access. She shuddered as my swollen head touched her clit before dragging it up and down her slippery netherlips. They parted just slightly around it. Her inner pussy was fairly blazing with her desire. It was so close. It would take a single push... 
