 Chapter 7- Breaking Cultural Barriers 

Quick Notes: I recently canned my proofreader/editor for not doing their job. Handling it myself until I find a new one. I am convinced, based on conversations with other authors, that this story belongs in this particular category. I know it has some Fetish elements to it, but they're not my focus, they were just the springboard. There will be other twists as well, involving other categories. If this bother you, you know where the 'Back' button is. I promise my feelings won't be hurt. 

Enjoy! 

*** 

"Everyone's gone. You all packed?" 

"Indeed I am. My stuff is sitting behind the shed. If you bring it along in your van, you can just pick me up from work." 

"See you soon, my love!" 

The weekend we had been longing for together was finally upon us. Carter was gone to work, her kids were both out of the house and she had made her preparations, as had I. We were heading down in her van, since it had the most room and was technically her vehicle, as opposed to the Lexus. If we needed to stop and get naughty, the van had a lot more options. 

I walked out of my work at around three-thirty and headed around to the other side of the block, where she was to pick me up. Soon after I got there, her van pulled up and I clambered in. Not seeming to care if anyone we knew in this small town saw us, Lynn threw herself against me and kissed me ferociously, with an almost unreal passion. 

"Oh God, we're actually doing it," she now exclaimed, looking into my eyes with what could only be head-over-heels excitement. "We're really doing it! We're going to Chicago for five whole days!" 

I grinned and nodded, noticing her eyes seemed to be on the verge of welling up with tears. Maybe they were just shining with joy, but they looked nearly wet to me. She bit her lip and smiled. "Are... are you as excited as I am?" 

"Every bit, I promise you," I said easily. "It's been nearly a week since I've cum. We've done nothing but tease one another and I am ready to fuck you in half, woman." 

Lynn giggled. "I like the sound of that, my love. I'm looking forward to screaming in pleasure as you tear me apart." 

She moved back into her driver's seat and began driving. She had a sly grin on her face. "So how far do you think we'll make it before we need to stop and fuck?" she asked. 

"Not too far, I hope," I replied, my humorous tone belying my honesty. "I'm just about fit to burst here." 

"Ooh, poor baby..." she said sympathetically, reaching over and massaging my crotch through my jeans. "Well, mommy will take care of that for you, as many times as you like..." 

"That's some naughty roleplay you have planned there," I laughed. "No wonder you and I get along so well, we're both utterly perverted." 

"Yeah, and Carter is sooo boring," Lynn lamented. "I almost dread sex with him these days." 

"And my ex was repressed and scared of things," I added, shaking my head. "Go figure, eh?" 

"Well, a little jaunt is exactly what we both need, then," she replied cheerfully, obviously pleased with our arrangement. Whatever guilt she might have been carrying around about our little affair was completely gone. "I am so worked up that I already soaked my panties and had to take them off." 

"Proof or it didn't happen..." I said challengingly. She smirked and then squirmed and shifted around, hiking up her short skirt. Sure enough, she was wearing nothing underneath and her smooth pussy glistened wetly. I was duly impressed. 

"Ever given a girl roadhead before, sport?" she asked, looking cocky. "Because you just lost your bet." 

I nodded and turned in my seat, laying across the chairs while avoiding the gearshift. I gently rested myself across her thighs, which she parted to give me easier access. Without further ado, I began kissing and teasing her gooey slit. Lynn sighed and trembled, enjoying my attention. She kept one hand on the wheel while the other reached down and stroked my hair. 

My tongue flicked against her pussylips and clit while my fingers probed inside her. She was so aroused and her wetness was trickling down between her cheeks and onto the seat below. 

"Mmmmmm, better lap it up before it stains my seat and I have questions to answer," she chided. I sucked on her pussy willfully in response and she almost lost control of the wheel, swerving suddenly. "Ack! Be careful down there, you bastard, you nearly killed us!" Lynn giggled. 

"I'll try to not make you cum, then, because I really don't want to die," I replied as I snaked my tongue around her dripping lips. "Not my idea of fun." 

"Aw, even with me?" she asked, trying to sound hurt. 

"If I'm gonna die with you, I want us to be in throes of the world's biggest mutual orgasm." 

"You've got a deal, sport. Shake on it?" she declared, tilting her hips forward. 

I slid two fingers deep inside her, causing her to moan and shudder and then held them up to hers lips. She kissed the fingers and then took them inside her mouth, sucking on them joyfully. "Mmmmm, I love it..." she murmured around my digits. 

I brought her close to orgasm at least three times but then backed off, torturing her something fierce. Lynn was sweating and trembling before long, biting her lip. When I sat back up, she had engaged the cruise control and had crossed her legs, bouncing them vigorously. 

"Do we really need to wait until Chicago?" she whined. "There's a rest stop up ahead that doesn't see a lot of use..." 

"If we don't make it to Chicago it's no big deal, we've already waited nearly a week," I offered. "We're on our first real date, it can only get better from here, right?" 

Her face lit up and she sighed in relief. "Thank God, I'm ready to cum just from thinking about it. Let's just tease one another with talk and flashings and stuff until we get there." 

I agreed readily, since I really wanted to be in Lynn and soon. I undid and pulled down my pants, releasing my cock. Lynn sucked in her breath at the sight and shimmied up her skirt, fully exposing her pussy, which was still glistening with desire. She rubbed at her lips, occasionally pulling them back with two fingers to let me see inside her while I stroked myself, allowing my dick to swell and get hard. 

Ohhhh, that's gonna feel so fucking good inside me..." she moaned, teasing her clit while staring at my manhood. "I can hardly wait..." 

"That makes two of us, darling." I replied, stroking my cock for her. She hard a difficult time remembering to watch the road because she was getting so fixated on my show. Eventually she reached over and moved my hand aside with her own to take over and begin stroking. I reciprocated by snaking my hand over to finger her pussy, causing her to moan. 

Pretty sure a trucker or two got a good show as they drove by and one or two actually honked in approval. Lynn just giggled, apparently enjoying her exhibitionism. Another half hour of slowly teasing one another passed until we reached the rest stop she had mentioned. We pulled around to a part that was completely deserted and out of the late afternoon sun. 

Lynn had barely turned the van off before we attacked one another hungrily, removing our clothing as quickly as possible. She clambered into my lap. She gasped and groaned loudly as I squeezed her breasts and sucked on them hard, her hands raking up and down my back. She reached under and grabbed my cock, pumping it hard, pressing it against her sopping pussy. "The back..." she hissed. 

Lynn had laid out blanket and padding in the back of her van, obviously she had collapsed and flattened the passenger seats into the floor. before the trip. We rolled around in a frenzy, kissing and swallowing one another's tongues. Lynn humped and writhed against me like a fiend, her breasts heaving as she panted and hissed like she was in heat. 

"Give me that cock," she hissed. "Give me your cock and you lick my cunt until I can't take it anymore. Don't you dare be gentle!" 

I pushed her on her side and pressed my head between her legs, lashing her gash mercilessly with my tongue and sliding three fingers deep inside her. Lynn went rigid and smashed her hips against my face, desperate for more. I crooked my fingers inside her and massaged her upper wall back and forth. I sucked her clit into my mouth and she squealed, thrashing back and forth. She then braced my hips and took my raging hard cock inside her hot mouth, bobbing up and down eagerly, once again her hand pumping along behind it. 

We sucked and licked one another until we were sweating and trembling profusely. Lynn's body was flush and slick with perspiration. She grunted and panted and squeezed my shaft, grazing her teeth along the sensitive skin. I thought for sure I would bust in her mouth but I whirled around and pinned her down. Lynn's eyes were almost wild, flashing with an incredible eagerness. 

"Yes, fuck me!" she hissed. "Pound into me, try to break my fucking spine from drilling me so hard! Fuck me and make me your slut!" 

I felt the lips of her engorged pussy and slammed my hips home, battering her womb with my cockhead. She cried out, pushing her hips up with all her might. She grappled with me and raked my back with her nails, leaving long red marks. I thrust in and out powerfully, her greedy pussy clenching my rod with its slippery walls. 

We kissed and mauled one another savagely while we fucked. Our hips rammed together and she gasped each time. I was certain we'd be black and blue before we were finished. Lynn's teeth clenched and gnashed while she ground her pussy around my cock, making it so tight it was unreal. Her sweat-slicked body was on fire. 

She clasped my head and stared deep into my eyes while we rocked and writhed, desperate to see into me. I stared back but still pounded her pussy relentlessly, her spine bouncing off the floor. I dug my toes into the padding on the floor and pushed harder than ever- Lynn's eyes widened and her breath caught in her throat. Her whole body shook as she tried to hold on but then she cried out in what almost seemed like agony as I slammed my cock home one final time... 

It felt so good to cum. I came so hard, my thick, hot sperm filling her clenching, pulsing tunnel. Lynn's body shook violently and tears welled from her eyes. She crushed me to her, those long, strong legs wrapping around mine as we rocked back and forth. 

"Don't stop, my love..." she sobbed, her breath coming in ragged gasps. "Oh God, I needed you so..." 

She wept against my shoulder, biting it as she rode out the orgasm that had nearly torn her apart. "Oh, Michael... my big, strong lover... I feel so safe, my love... it feels so good..." 

I stroked back and forth strongly, not letting up until she was done. I then slowed down the tempo until I was simply inside her, not moving. She smiled up at me and stroked my cheek again, giving my cock a few squeezes with her pussy. 

"Luckily I was ready this time around or you would have broken my spine," she said softly. "Not sure why brutal sex with you is so good, but it is. Mind you, gentle lovemaking is every bit as amazing, it's just nice to have variety." 

I nodded as I slowly withdrew from her. Her slit oozed and bubbled over with our mingled cum, making her squirm and giggle. "God, I'm gonna be sneezing your jizz at this rate. I suppose I could use the bathroom in the rest stop, but since the woods are right next to us, I'm gonna go pop a squat in there and clean up. I brought towels, in case you want to join me..." 

I stuck my head out the door and looked around, making sure no one was nearby. Once I was certain the coast was clear, we hopped out of the van naked and scampered a few paces into the woods, stopping behind a large tree. We laughed and held one another, kissing and enjoying our ribald behaviour. 

I positioned my cock under her pussy as she leaned back against the tree and she smiled and began to pee, bathing me in her juices and our cum. I held her gently and pissed against her pussy, making her sigh and moan lightly, biting her knuckle. Once we were both drained, we toweled ourselves off thoroughly and darted back to the van, closing the door just as a few cars came around the back. Lynn was giggling in the excitement of almost being caught. 

"God, we are so naughty!" she squeaked. "I could live the rest of my life this way!" 

"I don't doubt that about you one bit, darling," I agreed. "Shall I drive for a while? You probably need to rest and regenerate." 

"That might be a good idea." Lynn mused. We switched seats, still naked and then I got into my clothes while Lynn simply wrapped herself in a blanket she had brought along. I turned on the ignition and was about to get started when Lynn put a hand over mine, staying me. 

"Hang on, sport, I got this..." she said, smiling at me. Without another word, she got out of her blanket and began twisting around so that she was positioned over the gearshift. With a hiss and biting her lip, she sank down onto it, shuddering as she did so. 

"Oh, shit..." she rasped. "It's even better when the engine's running..." 

She leaned forward to support herself on her hands and began squirming her hips. Groaning and straining with the effort, she managed to shift the van into Reverse, then looked at me and nodded. I laughed as I backed up the vehicle and turned it around to face the road back around the rest stop and out to the highway. Lynn took a deep breath and began squirming and pressing backwards with her hips. She juddered and gasped loudly as the gears went into Drive. She collapsed against the dashboard, panting like an animal. 

"Holy fuck..." she wheezed. "Shouldn't that get easier?" 

"It's the second time you've done it, you twinkie," I laughed. "God knows how long it takes to get proficient at shifting gears with your pussy." 

"I brought my novelty ones along for the ride," she murmured, her face stuffed into the cushion of her seat. "They're not quite as wide as that one, I think, maybe it'll be easier..." 

I waited and watched intently while she eased herself off the gearshift, pulling slowly. It was rather fascinating to watch her pussy entrance stretch around the bulbous head, her inner lips pulling down the hard plastic wetly. Lynn groaned long and loud, sounding like she was passing a bowling ball. With a final 'pop!' she fell of it and tumbled to the floor, looking utterly dazed. 

I shook my head and helped her into her seat, wrapping her back in her blanket. She smiled sheepishly and kissed my nose before I returned to the driver's seat. I habitually reached down for the gearshift and paused as my hand clasped the sticky head, grimacing at the unexpected sensation. Lynn began giggling uncontrollably at the sight. 

With a sigh I wiped my hand on her blanket and began driving. Chicago was some hours away... 

*** 

While Lynn had been to Chicago plenty of times, she had never been to the part of the city I was taking her to, apparently. She was fascinated as I pulled into the narrow neighbourhood streets, which consisted almost exclusively of long rows of buildings never more than six stories, narrow alleys, countless shops and restaurants and vibrant colours, usually red and gold. 

"I've never been to a Chinatown before, not a real one." she whispered, looking out her window. "Are we staying here overnight?" 

"That's the plan," I replied easily. "We'll be staying at a hotel I've used when I come to Chicago for Chinese New Year, but only for tonight. I've got us set up at a posh hotel downtown starting tomorrow and for the rest of our stay." 

"This'll be great," she murmured, seemingly to herself as she stared out the window. "So these people are going to be actually Chinese, not Hmong or Laotian like back home?" 

"Oh, there'll a sprinkling of other Asians living here in Chinatown, like Thai, Japanese and Vietnamese, but the vast majority of the people will be ethnic Chinese. They're mostly from southern China, like Hong Kong and Guangdong in general, so they speak Cantonese." 

"Ooh, so we're staying in a Chinese hotel and we'll eat here tonight as well?" Lynn asked, sounding excited. 

"Yes, but don't grow crazy imagining the hotel, it might not be what you think. Most people think of big lights and Tokyo, but Chinatown's not like that. Fun, yes, but not glitzy like that." 

"Whatever it is, if I'm with you, Michael, it'll be great." Lynn said with certainty. She seemed to have recovered from battering herself senseless on my cock and the gearshift, because she had moved her blanket around to expose her pussy and was stroking it absently, the pliable lips getting shiny with her arousal. The woman was a succubus. 

"So we'll eat first and then check into the hotel," I told her. "I'm hungry." 

"Oh, you're always hungry," she replied, smirking at me. "You never stop eating." 

"It takes a lot of fuel to match your sex drive, lady," I replied, squeezing her hand. "I should invest in Red Bull stock." 

"You are so full of shit," she giggled. "You're every bit as horny and love to fuck as much as I do, you also are just a bottomless pit to boot. My poor little cunt has the war wounds to prove it, may I remind you..." 

She had me there, for sure. I had bruised her pussy and made her bleed slightly on at least one occasion. I loved fucking Lynn. I never wanted to stop. 

I found a parking space not far from our hotel but also close to the restaurant I intended to take her to. I turned off the vehicle and helped her into the back where we began to get changed. 

"Ever had real Chinese food?" I asked as I got into my khaki slacks and put on a white undershirt. 

"Well, we eat Chinese back home, but from your question and what I've seen, the stuff we have in our backward town not exactly authentic," she mused. "You're not gonna make me eat boiled frog or anything, are you?" 

I laughed. "No, darling, tonight is dim-sum night." 

"Ooh, I've aways wanted to try that," she exclaimed happily. "I keep seeing it on cooking shows, it's where they serve all the little dumplings and things in the bamboo steamer baskets, right?" 

I nodded as I pulled out my Sun Yat-Sen jacket from my suitcase. I had brought along two of them, both imported from China. This one was red and had white and gold dragons embroidered into the fabric. Lynn stared at my jacket while I put it on and buttoned up the frogs. 

"That is gorgeous..." she breathed. She reached forward and helped me clasp the frog at the neck and put her hands on my chest, feeling the material. "I love it." 

"I was thinking we'd try and find you an outfit tomorrow," I suggested. Lynn's eyes lit up at the prospect." 

"You mean like one of those slinky Chinese girl dresses you see in movies?" she asked excitedly. 

"It's called a cheongsam and yes, I meant one of those." I replied, nodding. "We might have to wait and pick it up on Tuesday morning, though." 

Her face fell. "Why?" 

"Because you're easily five-foot-ten and have big tits, silly," was my response. "No shop in Chinatown is going to have a quality cheongsam ready in your particular dimensions tonight, I guarantee it." 

"Oh." Lynn conceded, accepting that logic. 

"Besides, I know the place I want to use for it and they do quality work, so it'll be worth the wait, I promise." 

"I guess I was just hoping to match you for our trip when you told me about it," she sighed. "A little unrealistic of me." 

I shrugged. "So we'll just comeback to Chinatown another time and you can wear it then. What's stopping us?" 

Lynn laughed and hugged me. "Nothing at all, my dearest," she cooed, rocking me gently. "Let's go get you fed..." 

*** 

The dim-sum restaurant I took her to was one of the best in Chicago and the Midwest, without question. It was on the second floor of a building on the main street of Chinatown, near the entrance to the neighbourhood, the road of which was spanned by a lovely and ornate red Chinese gate. Lynn stopped and we took many pictures before we headed inside the restaurant. 
