 Chapter 6- Some New Blood 

The next time I met up with Lynn, she seemed very light-hearted and giddy almost. She had a certain carefree air about her that I really liked. We met behind the sheds and she was almost bouncy. Wearing low-cut jeans and a tight white shirt with no bra, she was positively breathtaking to behold. 

"Thanks for coming, sport!" she said cheerfully. 

"Somebody's in a good mood," I commented as I watched her strip out of her shirt and then her pants. She hadn't been wearing panties, apparently. "You getting some on the side?" 

"Only from you, my love," she smiled. "But I am indeed in a good mood, I must admit. I had something of an epiphany last night." 

"Oh? Do tell." I replied, beginning to remove my own clothes. 

"Nothing earth-shattering, just that... well, now that I've witnessed Carter's sad little affair and seen him standing in his altogether in the middle of a slum, I don't at all feel bad about this," she explained, standing there naked and perfectly comfortable with it. "I can have my affair with you in good conscience now. And I won't mind if it takes a whole damn year." 

"That makes two of us," I said blithely. "I am certainly enjoying your revenge on your husband." 

She smirked and strolled up to me, walking two fingers up my chest. "Mmmmm, I figured you wouldn't mind. Goodness, you certainly have a muscular frame. Why aren't girls throwing themselves at you?" 

I sighed. "I guess I give off damaged goods vibes or something. You said yourself my eyes are sad, even when I'm smiling. And yeah, finding a girl to fuck wouldn't be difficult, but that's neither here nor there for me, you know?" 

She took my hand and placed it on her breast over her heart as we knelt, looking into my eyes. "Their loss is my gain, then," she whispered. "I do not mind if you have other girls, Michael, I have no claim on you. Just remember your promise to help me as well, okay?" 

I nodded. "You're the most attractive and vivacious woman in the entire city, Lynn, trust me, it will be no difficulty to keep my promise." 

"Oh, such a sugar talker," she cooed, cupping my cheek with her palm. "You certainly know how to make a girl feel wanted." 

"It's easy when I want you so badly. You're bordering on an unhealthy obsession for me, Lynn. You're constantly in my thoughts." 

"Hopefully all the naughty ones at least," she purred. "So, here we are, naked and aroused. Shall we indulge our little ritual first or after?" 

I looked over at the sports bag she brought out. "Wow, you planned for today. What's in there?" 

"Well, it is September and even if the air is still warm I notice the ground is getting sort of cool," she answered, reaching over to retrieve the aforementioned bag. "I brought a blanket large enough to lie on and some towels." 

I smiled and spread out the blanket, followed by laying her on it. Her eyes shone as I put her on her back. She pulled me to her and we kissed rapturously, our bodies melting together in a manner now familiar and comfortable to us. Tongues entwined as her legs wrapped around me. Her lovely breasts were soft against my chest and she moaned gently into my mouth as she grew wet. 

"Oh, what you do to me..." she whispered. "Please, bring it up here..." 

I stood and then knelt over her shoulders and neck, my cock right in her face. She began kissing at it while I took one of the towels she had brought and put it under her neck to help her. She moaned as she took my member inside her mouth and began masticating on it slowly, enjoying herself. I felt myself swelling and growing hard with little effort on her part. This woman made me wild. 

Her head bobbed back and forth, her hand wrapped around the base and stroking along behind her wet lips. Her tongue swirled around the head of my cock and then along the shaft as she went down. It was an exquisite feeling and I have no idea how she became so dexterous with her tongue. Not that I objected, mind you, because it felt incredible. 

I decided to have some fun, since Lynn seemed to have a fetish about being pinned. I leaned forward onto my arms and straightened my body out over her. My hips were over her face and I began to pump up and down, sliding my cock down her throat and not allowing her to control the action. Lynn moaned in surprise but adapted quickly, lying her head back and relaxing her throat. Pushing down into her at this angle, where my cock was bent down past ninety degrees to get in her mouth, was a whole new sensation. She sucked as hard as she could with her lips, forming a perfect wet seal over my shaft as it slid in and out. I could hear her breathing through her nose rhythmically. 

"If Carter's so damn boring in bed, where the hell did you learn all this stuff?" I asked as I pulled out of her mouth and turned around to face down her body. Lynn giggled and spread her legs to allow me access to her pussy while she took my glistening cock in her hand. 

"I was a pretty naughty girl when I was a teen and in college," she confessed happily. "And I keep a few dildos and vibes handy to practice on so I don't lose my touch." To prove her point, she deep throated my cock suddenly, causing me to shiver. 

I lapped at her pussy and sucked her clit willfully, probing my finger inside her increasingly wet slit. Lynn groaned and squirmed beneath me lustily, ever eager for more. We licked and teased one another into a small frenzy until we were both trembling. 

"Mmmmm, take me, love..." she whispered. "However you want me, fucking take me..." 

I rolled onto my side and positioned Lynn so I was spooning her. I lifted her right leg and pulled it back over my thigh. With her legs parted like this, I guided my cock into her slick pussy from behind. I slid in until I was pressed against her magnificent ass. Lynn shuddered, arched her spine and reached back with one hand to clench me and pull me in further. 

"Oh fuck yes..." she panted, allowing me to thrust in and out of her. "Oh, Michael... haven't done this position in forever... fucking forgot..." 

I held her right leg and pulled back a little more on it, stretching her and allowing me to sink in even deeper. My other hand crept around her and began molesting her tits, which were warm and begging for attention. Lynn squirmed back against me wantonly, craving the feel of our bodies in unison. 

"Yes, love..." she moaned. "Ohhhhhh, you fucking know how to hit all my spots, you wonderful thing... beat my cunt into submission..." 

I smirked, thinking that maybe Lynn's little fetish with being pinned was indicative of something more. I would have to test that theory at some point, but for now I just pushed in harder while pulling back on her leg. Her pussy stretched as I pulled and my she felt tighter than ever around my pulsing cock. I bent her knee and locked it behind myself, now able to pull easily on her thigh if I wanted to stretch her more. I pinched and pulled at her nipples and gave her breasts a good squeezing, making her groan. 

"Oh my fucking shit..." she grunted. "You're gonna rip me in fucking half... oh God, Michael, please..." 

She craned her neck and clenched her teeth, with all her might she squeezed my shaft as I pulled further. I pounded my hips against her ass, driving my cock home deep inside her. I shuddered along with her as we came together, my thick ropes inundating her as the walls squeezed and gripped me demoniacally. I thrust repeatedly, not relinquishing my grip on her leg, pumping hard while she squirmed and writhed. Her pussy made obscene squelching sounds as my cum was forced out of it, bathing our thighs. 

Lynn collapsed on her side, shaking like a leaf. I slowly massaged her breasts, helping to calm her racing heart. I was still moving in and out of her pussy letting it milk the last of my cum and slowly released her leg. It returned to her natural position and she breathed deeply. 

It was some time before she spoke, resting her forehead on her hands, her eyes closed. "You know, I'm not gonna be much good to you in this affair of ours if you kill me, you bastard," she mumbled quietly. "Is that what you want? A deceased Lynn? You got a thing for dead chicks?" 

"You'd probably still be the best fuck in town." I replied, causing her to giggle. 

"Oh, you," she sighed contentedly, turning her head to look at me with her lovely blue eyes, shining with the afterglow of our lovemaking. "I don't think I could ask for a better affair." 

"Hopefully a lot better than your hubby's," I commented. "Just don't develop cankles, okay?" 

She shot me a wry smirk and squirmed for a moment. I felt my midsection grow warm and wet and realized she had peed on me. 

"Take that, man-whore." Lynn said, grinning. 

"Wow, with me inside you, not bad." I replied. I held her in place and returned the favour, bathing her insides with my offering. Lynn shivered and groaned in delight, reaching back to caress my face as I peed in her pussy. We kissed lovingly for some time, content to just be together, bonded in wet, sticky affection. 

"Mmmmm, I can't wait to see what other fetishes you awaken in me," she purred, nuzzling my neck and squirming her pussy around my cock. "You've got me pissing with you, letting you piss in and on me, pissing in public places, fucking in public and allowing you to tear me nearly in half. I'm beginning to wonder about the deviant within." 

"I am looking forward to getting to know her," I said cheerfully, slowly pulling my cock out of her. There was a wet 'pop' followed by a rush of fluids that made Lynn shiver and suck in her breath. "Poor blanket." I mused. 

"Oh, I've got plenty more, and that's probably the most fun one of our blankets has seen in a long time." 

She looked down at the blanket and paused. "Actually, I think this is one of Kait's blankets, so maybe I was wrong. She lies on this one to sunbathe, so it's felt her ass. It's pretty hot." 

"Well, hopefully there's no problems hiding the evidence. " I commented, rolling over on top of her. We kissed some more before getting up and drying off. We dressed and I helped her pack away the items she had brought. 

Lynn smiled at me dazzlingly and winked before blowing her habitual kiss and sauntering off. I watched her exit, entranced by the swish in her hips. Several moments and deep breaths later, I went back to my house and began thinking about testing out my fetish theory... 

*** 

We texted back and forth for about two days but could not find a good time to get together. Lynn's schedule seemed pretty busy but we agreed to make up for it as soon as we could. I asked indirect questions about what we had done thus far that really turned her on and the answers I received were as expected- Lynn was so dynamic and in control in most of her life that she felt the need to be pinned and dominated on occasion. Clearly this was something she desired in her marriage but Carter was not providing. 

I had initially wondered if he was saving all his dominance for his secretary fling, but since we had spied on them I realized he wasn't doing it there either. He just didn't seem to have the androgen to be the dominant male his wife craved. 

Now true, I don't have an overwhelming need to be sexually dominant, but I can certainly play the part if called upon, which is just as well since I would be the world's worst submissive. If Lynn had any dominatrix fetishes about tying me up and grinding her heel into my balls, she would be very disappointed. But she didn't strike me as the type, so I dismissed the question. 

On the third night, I was sitting up in my office one evening, zoning out and playing a strategy game on my computer. My curtain was mostly drawn and it was not quite dusk out. Movement caught my eye from outside and I turned to look- someone was behind the sheds. 

I got out of my chair and went to the window, standing off to the side and peering out from the edge of the curtain so I could not be seen. 

Lynn was standing there in yoga tights and a halter top, seemingly having just come back from her run if the sweat marks were any indication. With her was a young Asian woman, similarly dressed and sweating from running. The newcomer was shorter than Lynn, with long, glossy black hair in a ponytail, a pretty face, decent-sized boobs, a great ass and toned legs. She made me smile. 

Lynn was telling her something, gesturing to the area behind the shed and then at my house. The Asian girl looked back and forth and seemed to giggle at what she was being told. Lynn did not pull down her pants but demonstrated squatting, holding her tits together while squatting and leaning against the back of the shed with her ass pertly poised out. Her friend seemed delightfully scandalized by the explanation, looking back at my house several times. 

Lynn continued to explain or confess something, seeming to blush on occasion. What I found odd, though, was the way that the Asian girl was looking at her friend, with a certain desire that Lynn seemed not to notice. Something in the newcomer's body language, the way she shifted back and forth from foot to foot and kept staring at Lynn's body told me she was turned on. 

Finally the explanation seemed to have ended and Lynn hugged her compatriot. The Asian girl returned the gesture readily, squashing herself into Lynn's tits rather ardently. They were face to face for a moment, smiling, when the Asian girl kissed Lynn on the lips. It was just a peck, something close friends might have done, but it caused Lynn to pause. They stared at one another for a moment before they kissed again, holding it a little longer this time. They stared and kissed once more, for about two or three seconds before the Asian girl broke off the hug and jogged away, waving back at her friend. 

I watched the woman leave, heading my way down the street with a big grin on her face that Lynn could not see. Clearly she was delighted. I now looked at Lynn, who was staring at her friend's retreating back. Her lips were pursing and moving, as if trying to remember the feel of her friend's lips on her own. She then retreated to a corner of the shed, hiked down her pants and peed, massaging her pussy the whole time. She finished peeing but kept rubbing, her eyes closed until she shuddered and came. 

I moved back from the curtain and sat in my chair, smirking. 

"Well I'll be damned. Just when I thought saving Lynn's marriage couldn't be more fun..." 

I decided to let things just play out and see what Lynn said, I would not bring this up. Best to let her work through it for herself. After all, she had come to the conclusion of having our little affair without any help from me, right? And even if nothing happened, I was still making love to my blonde goddess. I had nothing to complain about, except how much she dominated my thoughts. 

God, Lynn... 

*** 

"So what was tonight's obfuscation?" I asked as I sat in the passenger's seat while Lynn drove. She had commandeered the Lexus, something that Carter normally drove. Lynn had seemed unusually confident, cheerful and poised during our last encounters. True, she was always confident in some manner, but the anger and hurt seemed to have gone out of her. She was enjoying her revenge on her cheating husband and seemed guilt-free. 

"I just flat-out lied and said I was meeting some of my fitness group for yoga." she replied easily. "Carter couldn't care less about that sort of thing. I'm guessing it means he'll have time to call his dumpy secretary and give her platitudes about bad sex. He objected initially to the Lexus being used, but I made some excuse about using it so I wouldn't be the one stuck driving everyone home and wasting gas money." 

"If he drives a Lexus, why is he worried about gas money?" I mused, making a wry face. "Makes no sense." 

"Well, we are well off, I guess, but Carter's a penny-pincher. The only thing he ever spends money on is this car, Travis' sports equipment or tickets to games." 

"And probably his dumpy secretary." I added. 

"Yeah, probably that too," she sighed. "After a little digging in our finances, I think he's actually paying for her apartment we found." 

I laughed. "Shit, you'd think he'd find her a better place than that dump in a slum. He can't think too much of her." 

"I dunno, Carter's weird," Lynn replied. "Keeping her there is cheap, meaning he can do other things for her if necessary, like buy her food and clothes and stuff." 

"I still don't get him, at all." 

"Neither do I, sport, but that's not my problem right now," she said, once again cheerful. "My problem is having the best damn affair anyone could ask for and getting my revenge." 

She now reached over and began massaging my cock through my jeans. "That being said, we're gonna violate the hell out of this Lexus tonight, okay?" 

"Music to my ears, Lynn..." I said, leaning back and enjoying the feel of her touching me. The sun had set and it was dark out, so no one could see us. "Where to?" 

"The docks, I think," she replied after a moment or two. "That one afternoon was very deep and touching for me, I'd like to try it again." 

I nodded and let her drive. The moon was hidden but the night was still warm. We drove out to the docklands, as far from civilization as possible. The spot we eventually decided on was not far from a small wildlife sanctuary and some wetlands. We parked the car and got out, walking around holding hands for a few minutes and listening to the sound of the river and the nearby animals. 

"Are you happy with our little arrangement, Michael?" she asked, looking at the sky as we walked. 

"Absolutely," I said, squeezing her hand. "It's more than I could ask for or deserve. Are you happy?" 

"Oh, definitely," she replied, smiling at me. "I just... have a weird subject to bring up." 

"Please, Lynn, go ahead," I said gently. "Remember we promised to not keep secrets about this." 

Lynn drew a deep breath. "I... I might have kissed one of my jogging buddies the other day and I have to admit, I kinda liked it." 

"Oh?" I mused nonchalantly. "I've got competition from another guy, eh?" 

"Oh, God, Michael no..." she said finitely and stopping to gaze into my eyes earnestly. "No, no, I promise you, nothing like that. Yes, I jog with guys occasionally, but this was a woman, a friend of mine. Her name is Xiong." 

I made a show of thinking. "Oh, isn't she the little Thai one I see running with you on occasion?" 

Lynn looked puzzled. "Yeah, that's her, I guess, but... how do you know she's Thai?" 

I shrugged. "She looks Thai, what can I say? Around here, Asians are either Hmong, Laotian or Thai and she looks Thai. Not to mention Hmong and Laotians are almost never named Xiong. Pretty much only ethnic Chinese and Thai are." 

"If you say so, sport," Lynn said, knowing better than to get my going on ethnic anthropology. "But the fact remains, I kissed her and it really turned me on. I had to get myself off almost immediately after she left." 

I laughed. "Naughty girl. Where did you do that?" 

Lynn sighed and took another deep breath. "And here's where it gets difficult. I... I kind of told her about you and I... about our little ritual and everything that has happened since. I showed her the spot behind the sheds where it all began and... well, she seemed to be happy for me and sort of giggly at the thought of what we did back there." 

"So she's a perv," I said, shrugging. "Then you kissed her?" 

"No, not exactly," Lynn said hesitantly. "I... we hugged after I had explained everything and she was getting ready to leave. She... kissed me on the lips, just a light kiss, but then we kissed again and then again. It's like we didn't want to stop but didn't dare get started either, you know?" 
