 The wife and I had two kids, and it had been years since we had gotten out for a night. We'd tried the babysitter thing, but it seemed there something about all of them that the wife had issues with. We couldn't even go out and enjoy a movie without her leaving to call home and check up on everything. Don't get me wrong here. I understand her concerns, but two hours away from the kids isn't that much. It's not like we were out for a complete day. The entire thing was starting to frustrate me. 

One evening I came home from work, and the wife surprised me. 

"Hey. I got us a babysitter for the evening. We're going out tonight."

"Do we have to? I love going out with you, and being away from the kids for a while is great. But it's a nightmare every time. There's always something wrong with the person watching them. I just don't want to put up with it again."

"I know, and I'm sorry. I've got to completely trust the person watching our kids. The thing is I think I've found just the person this time."

"Ok, I'm game. Who is it?"

"It's Tammy's daughter. She's here spending time with her Mom."

I hadn't met her. Tammy was our neighbor. She'd been divorced for as long as we knew her. I'd never met her kids though. They chose to live with their Dad when their parents split up. 

"So how did you two meet?"

"I was outside with the kids one afternoon, and she came over to say hi. We sat and talked, and she played with the kids. You should have seen it. They loved her!"

"Great! So we can actually go out and enjoy for a change?"

"Without a doubt. I completely trust her, and the kids adore her. She's perfect."

Ok then. I went to get ready for the evening. I was just finishing up when the doorbell rang. I put on some cologne, and went to meet the new babysitter. 

She was sitting on the couch talking to my wife when I walked in. She saw me, and stood up to greet me. 

She was the things wet dreams were made of. She was tall with red hair and curves in all the right places. What amazed me was her shirt. I don't even remember the logo on it. All I remember is the amazing cleavage it exposed. I'd rarely seen a girl her age (she'd just recently turned 18) that was that busty. And thanks to my wife's habit of keeping the air conditioning set on Arctic, I had a great view of hard nipples. 

We sat and talked for a bit, while the kids played in the yard. The wife was right; she was a wonderful girl. I would have hired her in a minute. 

We went out that evening, and had a blast. The wife never even called home. We even ended up making out in the car before we went home. It was so nice to get out and forget about life for a while. 

We got home, and paid Mary (that's her name). After she left, we got into bed. The kids were asleep, and the wife had been drinking, so she was playful. 

As my wife sucked my cock that evening, I had the strangest fantasy pop into my mind. I could see our babysitter doing the same thing. I had to stop the wife right there. The fantasy was so overpowering, I was about to cum just from the thought. 

Life went on, and we started going out once a week. We used Mary every time. She was wonderful, and never failed to give me a fantastic view of her body. There was no way I was going to act on it. Just imagine, the wife and the woman I'm cheating on her with living right next door? There's no way in hell I'm getting into that. 

Still, it wasn't easy to ignore Mary. Especially when she laid out trying to get a tan. We shared a back yard with her Mom, and naturally she had her lounge chair out there. I wouldn't have known about that habit, but I came home early one day and got an eyeful. She was out there in a skimpy light blue bikini. It barely covered anything, and I found myself looking out the kitchen window again and again, taking in her curves. 

Then came the day I got a call at work. It was the wife. Her Mom had been in an accident, and we were the only family anywhere near by. I got out of work right then, and headed home. I tossed her the keys when I got there. Barring an emergency, I didn't need a car at home. She grabbed them, and took off. A few hours later, she called. Her Mom had broken some bones, but she was going to be ok. My wife told me she'd be with her Mom for a few days, until she got home. She wanted to make sure she was going to be able to get around before she came home. 

That was fine with me, I would have done the same had the situation been reversed. I told her to keep me updated, and hung up the phone. 

The kids seemed know something was up. They were on their best behavior. Daddy wasn't usually home with them, so something was wrong. But they were wonderful about it. 

Over the next couple of days, I called Mary a couple of times. She'd come over to watch the kids while I headed uptown to do some shopping. She heard about my wife's Mom, and was wonderfully sympathetic. 

It was a Saturday evening when I heard a knock at the door. It was Mary. I invited her in, and asked,

"What's up?"

"Nothing really. I thought I'd come over and check on you. It's got to be lonely without your wife at home."

"You're right, it is. This is the first time we've been apart since we were married. For any amount of time that is."

"Really? Oh, that's so sweet. You two really love each other."

"Well, we have our ups and downs, just like everyone else. We're definitely not that perfect couple everyone dreams about."

"I can't imagine you two fighting. What do you fight about?"

Yeah, I'm not going there. It's time to change the subject. 

"That's not important. Tell me about you. Why aren't you out tonight? It's Saturday night. You should be out having fun on a date."

She looked a little sad, and replied,

"I don't date that much. Guys seem to be intimidated by me. So I don't go out much. When I do, it's always with some guy that's all hands if you know what I mean."

I did, and the mental image of my busty babysitter getting groped really didn't help. I had to get away from this line of discussion.

"I remember being that age. Sadly, I'd be one of those guys. You just have to find someone that appreciates you for you."

She smiled at that. 

"I've found a couple of them. They're always older guys though. I guess it's because they have more experience."

"Good for you. So go with that."

"I do. Can I ask you something?"

"Sure. Go ahead."

"You and your wife. You don't argue about sex do you?"

Actually we did. My wife was always reluctant to try anything new. She wasn't very...adventurous. That's the polite way to put it. I needed a drink if I was going to answer that. 

"Hang on just a second."

I went to the kitchen, grabbed a beer and took a deep swallow. Then I went back into the living room and sat down again. 

"Now. I'm not going to go into specifics. Let's just say that she's not as adventurous as I'd like. Eventually she gives in, but it's very frustrating."

She smiled at that. Something entertained her in my answer. 

"Do you think that's funny?"

"Yes, but not for the reason you think. There's something you don't know."

"Oh really. What's that?"

"She looked at me, and rocked my world with her answer.

"Your wife is more adventurous than you think. I was out in the back yard one day getting some sun. Your wife came out to talk for a while. I noticed she was looking at my body, and that fascinated me. I wondered if she was interested, so I asked her if she would put some sunscreen on me."

My jaw dropped at this. Then she went on. 

"So I laid on my stomach, and handed her the bottle. Then I undid my top, so she had access to my back."

I could just picture this. And what a picture! I was getting hard just thinking about it. 

"She started rubbing the lotion into my back. I was wondering what she'd do. As she got down past my shoulders, she started rubbing it on my sides. Which led to her fingers brushing the sides of my breasts. It felt great, and I didn't protest at all. As a of fact, I raised up on my elbows to give her better access. She took the hint, and she was playing with my nipples by the time she finished. Then she started down toward my ass. She worked past that, and started on my legs. When her hands slid upward, I spread my legs to give her access if she wanted. I was surprised when I felt her fingers graze my pussy."

Oh my God! I'd so wanted to see just this. My wife with another woman was my favorite fantasy. I had to ask. 

"What happened then? How far did she go?"

"I spread my legs wider. I knew she could feel how wet my bottoms were. I let her do what she wanted, and it felt fantastic when I felt her fingers slip into me."

Holy shit! My uptight wife had finger fucked our neighbors daughter. The images running through my head were amazing. 

"She made me cum that way. Her fingers were deep inside me. When she finished, I turned over just in time to see her lick her fingers. So I think she's a little more open than you think?"

She looked at me sitting there stunned. Then I saw her glance at my cock. It was hard and very obvious in my jeans. She smiled again. 

"I can see you liked my story."

"Oh my God yes! That's my biggest fantasy. Well, one of them at least."

"Tell me the truth. Am I one of your other fantasies?"

I looked her dead in the eye, and said,

"Of course you are. Are you kidding me? I've seen you in that bathing suit. All I can think of when I do is it coming off."

"Do you mean this one?"

And she stood and stripped off her shirt and shorts. There she stood in that wonderful bikini, just inches from me. 

"Oh yeah, that's the one. You have no idea how many times I've fantasized about that suit coming off."

Her hand went to the string at her neck, and as I watched, she slowly pulled it. I watched it fall free, the fabric clinging to those amazing breasts. She made sure I was watching as she pulled it slowly down and off. 

Oh my fucking God. Those great tits were inches from my face. I stared at the nipples. They were a wonderful bright red, and hard as rocks. I watched her tease them gently, imagining my tongue on them. 

She smiled at me again. There was a naughty gleam in her eye as she did. Then she slipped the skimpy bottoms off, and stood there naked in front of me. 

I looked over her naked body. Those amazing tits, her narrow waist and shaved pussy had me drooling. She could see that. I stood up then, and she faced me. Her hand went right to my belt, and she said,

"I'm really glad you like what you see. Let's get you a bit more comfortable." 

"What do you have in mind?"

"Just this. For starters anyway."

In one fluid movement, she unzipped my pants, and hand slipped inside. She found my hard cock, and started stroking it. For a young woman, she sure knew how to handle a cock. My knees felt like they were going to buckle, so I stopped her and said,

"Let's sit down."

We sat on the couch, and I said,

"Let me rephrase that. I'll sit, why don't you lie down?"

Knowing what I had in mind, she smiled and did just that. Her body was spread out in front of me. I didn't waste any time; I crawled up it and started licking those fantastic nipples. She liked that, and get hand went to the back of my head. When I bit then gently, she gasped, and I heard her say,

"Harder. Bite them harder. I like it that way."

She liked it rough? This was perfect. I bit down hard, and she moaned. Her hips bucked up against me. Evidently she liked it really rough. 

I started kissing my way down then. As I crossed that flat stomach, I felt her legs spread. I kissed my way down until I was facing her hot pussy. It was an amazing sight, clean shaven and wet. I slipped a finger into her then. I saw and felt her hips slam down onto it, I normally would have went slow, but there was no way in hell that was happening that evening. I quickly added another finger, then another. Three was all she could take, and I leaned over then tasting her pussy for the first time. 

My tongue on her was all it took. She came right there, my fingers buried deep inside her. I could feel her pussy clenching my fingers as she came. 

When she relaxed, I slid up her body again. She looked up at me and said,

"Thank you. That was wonderful."

"I'm sure it was, but we're not done yet."

She feigned innocence and said,

"Why what do you mean?"

"I mean it's my turn now."

And with that, I slipped one finger into her mouth. It was covered with her juices. She looked up at me, and sucked it right in. I could feel her tongue licking that finger clean. So I added the others. She sucked them clean without protest. Then I leaned down, my face next to hers.

"Now my face. Lick your pussy juices off my face."

She did right away, her tongue cleaning up every drop. I love a woman that does that. And she was into it. I knew getting her to lick a pussy wouldn't be hard. 

When she finished, she looked at me and said,

"Now what?"

"Now we do this."

My hips moved, bringing my hard cock into contact with her young pussy. Her eyes widened a bit as my hips flexed, sliding my cock into her. Her eyes closed and her mouth opened wide as I hit bottom. I have her several hard thrusts, then stopped. 

Her eyes opened then, and she looked confused. 

"What? Is something wrong?"

"No, not at all. I just want you to tell me what you want. I want to hear it from that cute mouth. Tell me."

"I want you to fuck me. I want you to make me scream when I cum. I want to feel your cum, in me, on me, anywhere you like."

Fantastic, that's just what I wanted to hear. I pulled out of her and said,

"Get up on your hands and knees."

She did, and I immediately knelt behind her. I grabbed her hips, and in one thrust, buried myself in her again. Then remembering she liked it rough, I let go of her hips, and wrapped a hand in her hair. I fucked her hard and fast this way, and she was an amazing sight. Those fantastic tits swinging with every thrust, her hips banging back against me. It was all I could do not to cum right then and there. 

She came several times while I ravaged her pussy. She one of those multi-orgasmic women, and it was amazing to see her body shaking again and again. Finally, I knew I was close, and I slowed down and pulled out. 

She stopped to, just to catch her breath. After a short break, she asked,

"So what do you want to do? I thought I was going to feel you fill me with cum."

"Baby, I thought about it. But I remembered, we never discussed birth control. And knocking up the 18 year old girl next door is a bit cliche, don't you think."

That made her laugh. While she was giggling at that, I went on. 

"There is something I want to do. It's my deepest darkest fantasy. Are you ready for that?"

"That depends. What is it?"

I took a deep breath and told her. 

"I've always wanted to fuck someone's face. Blowjob's are wonderful, but I've always wanted to go that step further. Since you're the only person I've met that likes it really rough, I thought we'd try it."

She looked at me for a minute and then said,

"Ok. Let's do it. How do you want me?"

"Just wait right there."

I ran into the bedroom to get a couple of things, and came back.

"Now, get down on your knees."

She did, and I was getting hard again just thinking about what was to come. 

"Now, let's do this."

I slipped a blindfold on her. Strangely enough, it was the one the wife refused to use. At least it came in handy. 

"And finally, put your hands behind your back."

She did, and I tied them loosely with a silk scarf. Stepping in front of her, I viewed my handiwork. 

She looked amazing. With her hands behind her, those fantastic tits stood out firm and proud. It was time for my fantasy to begin. So I took her hair in my hand again, and said,

"Open that hot little mouth."

She did, and her tongue slipped out. That was exactly what I wanted. 

I put the head of my cock on her tongue, watching the entire time. Since this was a first for both of us, I started slow. I slid into her mouth, letting her take me as deep as she could. She actually took most of me, which was new. I was used to the wife gagging she tried. 

We rocked like that slowly for a while. Then I took control. My hips started that wonderful motion, fucking my length into her mouth again and again. She gagged slightly once, then took a deep breath. 

I slid farther down the next time, deeper into her mouth. I watched her take my cock, and before I knew it, her nose was pressed against my belly. I could feel her lips against my balls, and I knew she had all of me. 

I started using her mouth and throat faster then, actually fucking her face. It felt incredible, and when I felt her tongue touch my balls, it was over. I shot deep down her throat. 

I released her, and collapsed on the couch. I reached down and released her then. I freed her hands, and she pulled off the blindfold. She turned to me, and I could see her eyes watering from the workout her throat had taken. Then she said one word. 

"Wow!"

"So you enjoyed it?"

"I loved it! Giving up control like that, and then feeling you cum in my throat. That was fantastic!"

I pulled her to the couch, and we sat and talked. Then she had to get home. 

For the next two night, she came back. Each of those nights, I had the wildest sex ever. She was about ready to leave the last night when I had an idea. 

"The wildest idea just popped into my head. I'd need your help to pull it off though. Are you interested?"

"That depends. What's your idea?"

So I told her. When she found out it was going to involve my wife, she was in right away. So we set things up, and waited. 

My wife got back the next afternoon. Her Mom was doing well and managing on her own. We talked for a bit, and I surprised get with drinks on the patio. We sat out in the dark evening enjoying the night and each other's company. She had a glass of wine that evening. That's all it ever took to get her going. The running joke with us was she was a cheap date. As we sat talking, I noticed movement in the window next door. It was Mary. She was in place and ready. She saw us get up to walk inside, and the plan kicked off. 

We got inside, and the wife went straight to the bedroom. I knew what she was doing. She was getting ready for a night of fun. Just then the phone rang. I answered it and said,

"Hey. What's up?"

The wife came out right then. She was wearing my favorite that evening. It was one of my shirts. It was white and comfortable. And it was long enough on her to be a nightgown. Not that it was ever on long enough to sleep in. I absolutely loved exposing her body, button by button. She looked at me and I said,

"It's work. They've got a problem."

I pretended to listen, then said,

"Ok. Does it have to be done right now? It sounds like it could wait until morning when I'm in."

I nodded, pretending to listen again. Then I said,

"Ok. That's your call. You realize you're going to be putting out quite a bit of money because you can't wait, right?"

I listened again, and said,

"I'll be there as quick as I can."

Hanging up the phone, I told her,

"That was work. We've had a server issue, and it crashed tonight. I've got to go take care of it now."

"Oh no. What about the on call?"

"He's not answering his phone. Big surprise on the weekend, right?"

It had happened before, and she knew that. She still looked disappointed though. 

I grabbed my software, and got ready to go. I was stalling then, waiting for step two of my plan. Just before I left, there was a knock on the door. 

There stood Mary. She was dressed for a Summer evening at home. She was wearing a men's t-shirt (AKA a wife beater) with no bra and tight cutoff shorts. 

I let her in, and she said,
