 Chapter 4- And Not A Moment Too Soon

"I think it'd be really fun if we just kinda did it without much preparation. Like jut get undressed while talking and then begin a casual fuck. Of course, we'll really go at it, but let's have no awkward build-up, okay?"

"As you wish."

Having readily acquiesced to her plan, I went to work and found myself distracted all day by the thought was what would happen next. Normally I am very focused but today was an exception. I think it didn't help that I had a perpetual hard-on to hide all day. I rarely left my desk unless I had to. I think one of my female co-workers caught sight of my wood and she kind of smirked at me. I didn't even try to explain it away.

My walk home was one of giddy anticipation and there might have been a bit of a spring in my step. When I got home I showered, making sure I teased myself plenty. For clothing I wore my Asian-style silk robe, red and with golden dragon motifs all over it. I wore nothing beneath and was pretty sure she'd be thrilled by the sight of it.

The appointed time of evening arrived and I made my way back to our little nook. There was still plenty of light, but I had tested her theory about how well-concealed we were and found her to be correct. We had plenty of room to misbehave with no chance of being spotted from the street or neighbour's houses.

Lynn soon joined me, smiling knowingly as she approached- she was wearing her luxurious terrycloth robe but that's all I could readily see on her. She had a small gym bag with her, probably with a spare outfit in it in case things go a little too sticky or messy. She winked as she stopped in front of me and dropped the bag.

"Holy shit, nice robe..." she said, admiring my glorious ensemble. "So, how was work?" she asked casually, undoing the knot of her robe's belt.

"Eh," I replied in a non-committal tone, watching her. "My reps taking calls are morons, of course. They aren't paid well, so there's little incentive for them to try. Makes my job more difficult when the customers get angry and ask for a supervisor."

"Oh, poor dear," she said with sympathy. She pulled the robe off her shoulders and slowly let it fall down her body, revealing a lacy white bra that deserved a Congressional Medal of Honour for the monumental task it performed of supporting her tits. The robe slid past her tiny waist and over her hips, revealing the panties to match the bra. "Are you glad to be home for the weekend?"

"Always am, it's nice not to get shouted at, you know?"

"Oh, I'm a mom, I understand," Lynn said in an assuring voice while she unhooked her bra in the front and let it drop away. "If you're stressed, we'll just have to see what we can do about that, yes?"

"Glad you have an idea," I said lightly. "And I don't mean to break the moment, but I thought I'd mention I brought party favours. Just being responsible and all, didn't want you worrying."

"Oh, no worries there, love," she said, turning around and presenting me with the sight of her luscious behind. She caressed it slowly for a few moments before hooking her thumbs into the waistband and beginning to pull them down. "I'm getting a contraceptive shot, have been for years. It works."

"Sweet," I declared cheerfully as she bent over while taking her panties down to her ankles, presenting me with a view of her beautiful pussy. "My turn, I guess..."

She turned around and stood there looking at me expectantly, leaning into one hip with her hand resting on it. I undid my belt and pulled off the robe without much ceremony, revealing my naked self. My cock was already swelling at the sight of her, if not hard yet.

Lynn now stepped forward, pressing her body to mine, looking up into my eyes. "A little prep work maybe?"

She slowly slid her body down mine, until her face was next to my manhood. She nuzzled her cheek against it for a few moments before taking hold and swirling her tongue around the tip, teasing me. My fingers caressed her silken hair as she took my cock into her mouth, humming around it before she started bobbing back and forth. I was hard and throbbing within seconds. Her hand slid back and forth along the shaft just behind her mouth, the thumb pressing along the throbbing vein on the underside.

I closed my eyes and just let her work her magic. Lynn was amazing at sucking dick. Carter had to be the stupidest man to ever live if he was passing this up for some frumpy secretary that looked like his sister. There was just no accounting for some people's taste, apparently.

And speaking of people's taste, I was eager to try Lynn's out for myself, something I had not truly done yet. I let her keep hold of my cock while I laid her down on her side and faced down her body. Lynn purred and moved her legs apart, knowing what I had in mind. I took gentle hold of her hips and began to plant gentle kisses around her pussy, which was already glistening with her desire. She smelled and tasted sweet, my tongue sliding along the slippery lips.

"Mmmmmm, Michael..." she moaned around my cock, not missing a beat in her sucking. Her free hand massaged her tits while she masticated on me, her hips undulating slowly. I lapped at her slit slowly, dragging my tongue up an down before pushing it through and inside her. She shivered at the welcome intrusion. Even to my tongue she felt tight and warm.

We licked and sucked and teased one another happily for some time until I felt the overwhelming urge to get my cock in her pussy. I disengaged from her and turned myself around, positioning my body over hers. I held myself over her and she looked up at me with her shining blue eyes, putting her arms on my back and parting her legs slightly.

"May I?" I asked softly. She nodded, smiling.

I took hold of my shaft and slid my throbbing cockhead up and down her pussylips for a few moments before pushing the engorged bulb inside. She drew in a soft breath, her eyes still locked with mine. I slowly pushed myself all the way inside and she bit her lip, still staring at me. I was in to the hilt and she smiled.

"Well, that's done it..." she breathed. "We're fucking..."

I nodded in response and began to move slowly back and forth, pulling my cock almost all the way out of her before pushing back inside. Lynn skilfully began to move her hips in time with my gentle thrusts, complimenting them and making sure we achieved deep penetration. Her body shivered as I went deep into her.

"God, Lynn, you're so wet and so damn tight..." I said in a hushed tone. She felt so good.

"Mmmmm, thank you, love..." she purred. "Your cock is getting me so deep and hitting all the right spots. You'll have to kiss me as we cum so I don't scream..."

I leaned down and kissed her deeply. Her arms wrapped around me and our tongues tangled playfully as I slide in and out of her. She squeezed and rippled her pussy around my shaft, sending shivering thrills throughout my body. Her hands wandered up and down my back, reaching down to squeeze my cheeks and help push me deeper inside. My toes pressed into the grass as we rocked back and forth rhythmically.

Lynn's breath and her gentle whispers in my ear were all I could hear. Her slippery pussy squeezing my cock was all I could feel. I was fucking this goddess and lost to the world. I didn't really feel any need to come back.

"Ohhhhh, Michael..." she whispered, pressing her forehead to mine. "It's so good... fuck me, lover. Fuck me..."

I began thrusting in and out a little faster and harder, stunned by how tight she was. How could she have had two kids and still be tighter than some virgins I'd known? Lynn moaned and grasped me closer, heaving against me.

"I can't wait to feel you cum in me..." she gasped. "I need it so bad... please, promise you'll cum in me, Michael... please..."

"Yes, I will... I promise..." I panted. "I want to so much..."

We squirmed and writhed faster and faster, fucking ourselves into an absolute frenzy. The warm night was humid and our bodies began to shine with the sweat of our mutual exertions. Her nails started to dig into my back as her pussy flexed and became ever tighter. My cock throbbed and pulsed, swelling inside her.

"Oh, God, Michael..." she rasped. "I'm gonna... oh God..."

Her entire body arched upward as she strained, shaking and shuddering. I pressed down as hard as I could, remembering to kiss her before she screamed. She moaned loudly into my mouth as she churned and ground beneath me, her skin going flush as she came. My hips pistoned against her as I flooded her pussy with my cum. Tingling fire spread through me as my essence left my body for hers. I could feel her cum and mine mingling and trickling down between us, her pussy and my cock making greedy sucking sounds as they became one.

Once she had drained me we collapsed, panting heavily. She held me to her, her hips still working against me while I continued to gently slide back and forth, slowing the tempo down and making sure our transcendent delight lasted as long as possible. Our kiss became one of melting affection while the waves of pleasure passed over us. It was some minutes later when we both heaved a sigh and relaxed, looking into one another's eyes. I could feel my cock softening inside her as we calmed down, her pussy releasing its vice-like grip on me. Lynn smiled and kissed me on the nose.

"Can you believe it?" she said softly. "We fucked... you came in me... we're lovers..."

I nodded, now rubbing my nose against hers. "Been a long time since I've looked forward to or enjoyed anything that much, I admit."

"Oh, was your ex not much of a lover?" Lynn asked, looking somewhat sorry.

"She could be... repressed," I said, somewhat reluctant to think about my ex-wife at a moment like this. "Pretty much the exact opposite of you, Lynn. You're so... liberated and alive and free."

"I don't get to feel that way often enough, so I am thrilled that you bring it out in me," she sighed. "Just think, it's all because we peed together one night."

"True that," I replied, making a show of thinking. "And speaking of..."

I pressed my weight down on Lynn, pinning her beneath me. Before she know what was happening, I smiled evilly and began to pee inside her pussy. Lynn's eyes went wide and she squealed and began to squirm, giggling.

"Ooh, you perv!" she hissed, her eyes sparkling as she wrestled with me. "Are you really pissing in my pussy after you fucked me?!"

"Get used to it, pervette," I replied, using my superior strength to keep her pinned. Not that she was wrestling too hard to get away. "You don't seem to mind too much."

"It's all your fault for bringing out the slut in me." Lynn shot back, pressing up with her hips and making sure she took it all in. Her slit was now spilling over with our combined fluids. Even pissing in her felt good. Was there no end to the enjoyment?

She shivered in scandalous delight and then settled down again, smiling in satisfaction. "That's not the first time you've pissed in a girl, is it? I can tell by how you're looking at me and assessing my reaction."

"Guilty as charged," I admitted. "I lost my virginity to my babysitter."

She raised an eyebrow. "Now this I've got to hear. How young, sport?"

I told her how old we both were and her eyes widened for a moment in what bordered on shock. "Long story."

"And here I thought I got started young," she muttered. "But what's that got to do with peeing in me?"

"After my babysitter and I began fucking, I saw some porn movies. I saw guys cumming in girls but I didn't know how to do that."

Lynn burst into giggles. "And so when to tried to do it you peed in her instead? Oh my God, that's so precious! Oh, lover, that's just another whole new aspect to you I'll cherish!"

"It became a little ritual of ours after that. She was a total perv." I said somewhat wistfully. "She was a minister's daughter."

"Oh, you have got to tell me everything you remember about it," Lynn cooed, stroking my hair while looking up into my eyes. She pulled me down and kissed me again before rolling over on top of me. We both laughed as we heard her pussy slosh.

"Better do something about that..." she muttered, straddling my cock. She gently lifted herself up, letting my member fall out, followed by a gush of fluids that bathed my entire midsection. Lynn grinned and then began to squirm around, rubbing the mixed effluence into my skin. I reached up and massaged her glorious tits while she did this. Finally she sat still and stretched, her arms over her head and her boobs jutting forward.

"Mmmmmmm, I haven't cum that hard in forever," she sighed. "It was just wonderful. I hope my revenge kick goes on for a long time, sport."

"Me too," I replied, enjoying the feel of her against me and just the sight of her. In no way, shape or form did she look her age, she looked at least ten years younger than she was. And by God, did she feel the part. I've had my share of cougars and she was just beyond compare. "You were absolutely amazing, Lynn."

"Carter and I rarely have sex and if we do, it's so fucking mechanical and boring," she groused. "He's so damn vanilla, you know?"

"Not personally, but I understand you. A boring lover can make life a little flat. Chances are he just doesn't know what to do with you. I mean, there's so much to you and it's all spectacular."

"You're going to give me a swollen head if you keep talking like that." Lynn warned, holding up a finger.

"You give me a swollen head every damn time we meet, why should you have all the fun?" I shot back, grinning.

Lynn giggled and laid down again, hugging me close. "Mmmmmm, all I want to do is fuck and fuck and fuck... you're going to make my inner slut very happy, Michael."

"The man-whore in me has no complaints. I want to fuck you and make love to you every chance I get."

"Ooh, make love, hm?" she queried, making a show of thinking. "Well that'd be a whole new wrinkle in our little tryst, wouldn't it? Not just fucking but making love? Sounds deliciously dangerous."

"Maybe, but I don't know what else to do with you," I admitted. "I can fuck you, yes, but I really like you, Lynn. Sometimes, at least for me, it'll be making love to you. I'm just being honest."

"And I appreciate that," she purred, nuzzling her cheek against me. "Making love is just fine by me. That'll make it a proper affair, right? There has to be some emotional investment, after all."

She rolled onto her side and held me close, kissing my shoulder. "Mmmmmm, let's just lie here and make out, okay? I've got maybe an hour before anyone gets home."

I nodded my agreement and we wrapped our arms around one another and began kissing deeply, rolling back and forth on the grass. We caressed and massaged one another and I nibbled her ass and sucked on her tits. Her wonderful mouth felt so good around my cock, even if she wasn't trying to make me cum.

We talked about our past love lives, who we lost our virginities to and how she ended up married to Carter. We discussed how my marriage ended and consoled one another if the memories became sad. But before long we were both hungering for each other again and she slithered her pussy against me until I grew hard. She straddled me and slowly sank down onto my waiting shaft, exhaling as she did so. When I all the way in, I began to fondle her breasts while she ground around in gentle circles.

"Ohhhhh, let's not fuck, Michael, let's make love..." she said in a soft voice. "I want it tender and loving."

"Of course," I answered, letting her control the tempo and responding to her movements. "I'll happily make love to you."

Lynn nodded and sat up, running her hands through her hair while squirming around on me and giving me a wonderful view of her body in motion- slow, languorous gyrations, her pussy slowly gripping and squeezing my hard cock inside her. She fondled and massaged her tits while staring into my eyes, her own gleaming with her desire.

"Mmmmm, I've never really shown you how flexible I am, have I?" she asked in a sultry voice. I shook my head, making her smile. "Then let me show you, love..."

She gently put her palms on my hips, where the bone was strongest and the muscle thickest and stretched her legs out to the sides in a perfect split. She was still impaled on my cock but sunk farther onto it than ever with the lack of support.

"You like?" she asked, smiling slyly as she pushed herself up and down on her hands, her pussy sliding up and down my shaft, her body borne by the strength of her arms alone. I nodded my agreement again and she settled down onto me, clearly not interested in exhausting herself while we were making love. She stretched one leg out to the side, resting her heel on the grass and moved herself up and down, changing the angle of penetration. She shivered as I touched a different spot inside her and giggled, as if I was tickling her.

Finally she just laid down on top of me again and moved slowly back and forth, letting me hug her close. We kissed and fondled until we both moaned into one another's mouths, cumming again. I felt her heart fluttering against me, our gentle climax spreading slowly through us, my cum deep inside her pussy.

I do not know how long we laid there, just cuddling, but the sun had shifted position significantly when I finally looked up. Lynn stretched and arched her back before disengaging from me with a wet 'pop'. She rotated her neck and grinned.

"Gotta pee..." she said happily. She squatted near the shed and I watched contentedly as she did so, my cum dribbling out of her pussy at the same time. When she was done I helped her to her feet and we toweled off. We put our robes back on and stood close, holding one another's hands and looking into each other's eyes.

"We can't do this again soon enough," she whispered, her voice carrying the note of honesty. "When is good for you?"

"You name the time and I'll be there," I answered. "I can take paid time off if need be. This'd be the best use of it imaginable."

"I may just hold you to that, sport," Lynn said as she stood on her toes to kiss me. "Keep an eye on your inbox!"

We waved and she departed, a decided swish in her hips as she made her way into the house. I waited a few more moments and then headed back to my own. I jerked off furiously in the shower, still overcome with lust for that blonde goddess.

Lynn confessed that night over text that she had masturbated too upon return home and she sent me the pictures and videos to prove it.

"Michael, if we can arrange a safe way to do it, will you take me on a date?" she asked.

"If we can arrange it, I'll take you on the best date of your life." I replied, thinking of ways to make this happen. We discussed the logistics of it and agreed to have more ideas for presentation the following day. After tender goodnights, we both retired to bed, doubtless dreaming of one another.

***