 Part II - Reluctant Restraint 

June gave way to July and the summer was unusually warm for this part of the country. It wasn't dry but a wet heat. I enjoyed it and it was always fun to see girls walking around dressed in as little as local ordinances would let them get away with. 

This seemed to include Lynn, my MILF neighbour. She bore the heat gracefully, often walking around her garden or lawn in abbreviated shorts and a bikini top which did nothing to hide the size of her amazing breasts. She usually wore her hair up in a ponytail or occasionally a French braid, but I had to admit she always looked rather stunning and she fueled many of my lustier dreams. 

Her daughter, age indeterminate, was also in the habit of walking around in outfits like her mother wore. Unlike Lynn, the daughter had auburn hair and brown eyes. Her tits were nowhere near as big as her mom's, but they weren't small, either. Her body was tight and athletic. She must have been on a team, wherever she went to school. 

By contrast, the husband, Carter, was an anomaly. He wasn't taller than Lynn and rather overweight. But he wore a good suit and drove a really nice Lexus, so he had to be doing okay for himself. Nice enough guy, I guess, but we never really said anything except 'Hi' if we happened to pass by one another. 

The son was in high school and wore his hair short, like 99% of the boys in the Midwest, waiting for the next recruitment drive by the Marines. He was a bit of a dough-head and even Lynn admitted this the one time he came up in conversation. He was a good kid, just not a lot going on upstairs outside of sports and trying to get laid. 

Lynn and I met maybe once or twice a week to engage in our little taboo ritual. The talk was small and of a prosaic nature. We would pee together or take turns, but it never progressed beyond watching one another and she never touched my cock again. Shaking hands was pretty much our only physical contact. I found it strange but perhaps this was what she needed and who was I to complain? 

The middle of July saw my birthday roll around and I will admit to being less than happy about it. I guess I was reaching the age where it felt like getting older sucked and I was still pissed at myself about being stuck in this deadwater burg when I should have moved. But since I was determined to pay off as much debt as possible before making my fresh start, I just sucked it up and kept soldiering on. 

The week before my birthday found me meeting behind the sheds with Lynn, as we had agreed upon. It had yet to lose its novelty and we were both enjoying ourselves, seemingly. Tonight's meeting had been a late one, almost midnight, since she had been out somewhere. I had received a text from her maybe two hours before, asking if I was available. Since I was, I replied I'd be happy to join her. She was wearing a white halter top, some shorts and looked magnificent, as always. 

"Late night," I commented as I came up, already loosening my belt. "Had a date?" 

"Hardly a date," she grumbled. "Had to go to some corporate dinner thing with Carter. Boring as hell and I knew no one. We got home and he said he was tired and going to bed, so I told him I was going for the run I missed earlier tonight." 

"Given your addiction to running, he should buy that without any qualms," I said simply. "I'm sure you turned heads at the dinner, though, no matter how boring the event itself was." 

"Oh, you're sweet," she said, patting my cheek. "I'll admit, I got a lot of stares and that's probably good for Carter, but I hate feeling like a piece of meat." 

"Unless you're squatting behind the tool shed." I added. 

The observation made her giggle. "This is a little different," she explained. "Don't ask, I don't know how, but it is. So how are you?" 

"Oh, vaguely grumpy." I confessed. "Next Thursday's my birthday and I'm getting less and less happy about them." 

"Aw, poor thing," she said in mock sympathy, but she was still smiling kindly. "Grumpy about getting older?" 

"Maybe if I looked as great as you did I wouldn't, but that's not your problem." 

"Now now, thank you for the compliment, but in all the time I've seen you around, I always thought you were in your late twenties, not your late thirties, so I'd say you're doing just fine." Lynn chided. "And clearly you work out a lot, because nobody is that naturally muscular. All the same, happy birthday, even if you're going to be a wet blanket about it." 

"Thanks, coming from you that actually means something." I confided. "And I guess there's nothing terribly grown-up about sneaking out behind the shed to pee with the neighbour girl now, is there?" 

Lynn burst into a giggle fit. "That's so true!" she squeaked. "It's like we're nine or something and trying not to get caught! That's wonderful imagery. I'll feel younger and more daring than ever doing this now! And speaking of..." 

We began our routine, stripping out of our garments. The night was wonderfully warm and Lynn did not stop with her pants and panties as normal but also removed her shirt, letting her tits free. Even though it was dark, I could still make out her lovely form as rays of silvery moonlight peeked through the tree canopy overhead. 

"I guess I'm feeling really daring tonight since it's nearly pitch black out," she admitted. "Do you mind?" 

"Not one bit." I answered readily. I followed suit and removed my shirt as well, stepping out of the puddle of my jeans. Now all either of us had one was a pair of flip-flops and our smiles. 

"Since it's nearly your birthday and we're really concealed tonight, maybe a special variant of the ritual?" Lynn suggested. 

"What have you got in mind?" 

She turned and reached down for the bag she had with her. From within she pulled out a towel and showed it to me. 

"I was thinking that I'd kneel in front of you and you could do your business on me." 

I made a wry face. "I thought neither of us was into that. I think your face is fine just the way it is." 

"Oh, no, not my face," she added, quick to clarify. "But stand over me and piss on my tits, Michael. Let me feel it cascading down my body and you can watch. That's why the towel will come in handy." 

I thought about that for a couple of seconds and she waited pensively. What exactly was I expecting if things progressed? We were pissing together, it seemed perfectly logical for things to take this turn, did it not? Something was wrong with my expectations and thinking if I didn't see that coming, right? 

Besides, Lynn was hot. Really hot. A hot girl getting her tits pissed on is still hot. Just about anything seemed erotic if she were the subject. 

"Okay," I said finally. "For you I can do this." 

She grinned and stood in front of me, her body close. Keeping her blue eyes locked with mine, she slowly began to kneel and I could feel her soft, wonderful breasts press to my chest and then slowly caress their way down my torso. They glided over my stomach and then my cock, which almost sprung to attention instantly but I kept down by an act of iron will. She hadn't asked for a hard-on. She cupped her breasts together and smiled up at me. 

"Fire away, darling..." she whispered. 

Taking hold of my cock and aiming it carefully to avoid her face, I concentrated for a few seconds and then let myself go. Her body shuddered as my warm stream spattered against her breasts and began trickling and cascading down her amazing body. Lynn hummed, her eyes closed, apparently transported to some secret pleasure she had desired. I could see her breasts moving as she held and kneaded them. The smile on her face was wonderful to see. 

I peed for some time, or at least it felt that way to me, probably because of the circumstances. At one point I became aware of one of her hands snaking down her form and slipping between her legs. A quiet moan escaped her lips before she bit them. I could hear my piss pattering off the silken skin of her cleavage and as well as trickling down onto the grass beneath her. 

Finally the baptism ended and she remained still for a few moments afterwards before drawing a deep breath and opening her eyes. 

"Sorry I couldn't look at you," she said apologetically. "I needed to close my eyes for that one." 

"I was too busy watching you to notice." I said easily, letting go of myself and smiling. She nodded and took hold of the towel, using it to wipe herself down, beginning with her hands and arms, followed by her breasts and torso and finally her hips and legs. She stood with her legs apart as she dried her pussy. 

"That was so intense," she breathed. "Now if you're game, perhaps we could-" 

Red and blue lights flared up everywhere, along with sirens going off. As if out of nowhere, the warbling thunder of a helicopter shot overhead, its searchlight stabbing through the darkness of our street like a spear. 

Cop cars seemed to be everywhere, roaring down the street and around the corner while the helicopter continued its hovering. Not having a clue what was happening, I pressed Lynn back against the shed and put my arms around her, concealing her body with mine. She seemed frightened initially and held on tight. The police car lights were everywhere, reflecting off the walls of the houses but never touched us. The searchlight on the chopper pierced through the canopy of leaves overhead and briefly illuminated my head and back but passed over without any notice of us, seemingly. 

Bullhorns blared just around the corner, a police officer calling loudly for someone to come out. I turned my head and gazed out to see if I could discern where they were located- the majority of the whirling lights seemed to be three or so houses up the street from my own, in front of house that had been divided into four rental units. 

"Hm, I'd always wondered that," I muttered. "Don't worry, they're up the street, doing a bust on a place that's been suspected as a dealer house." 

Lynn opened her eyes and looked around my shoulder. "Oh, shit, that place a few doors up from you? I'd heard that too. And we live in such a nice area." 

"Well, guess we'll just wait here for a bit..." I said, still holding her. Even though we knew what was going on, we still remained well out of sight, pressed up against the back wall of the shed. It might look odd if we sauntered out of seemingly nowhere. 

The panic of the moment over, I suddenly became acutely aware that I was holding Lynn's completely naked body to mine. I think she came to the same realization at the same moment, because I felt her tremble. Not in fright, but just like she was unsure. The feel of her soft skin washed over me like a tidal wave, the horrific noises of the street falling away. Her soft, lovely breasts pressed to my chest, her flat stomach against mine and her hips trembling against mine and her pussy pressed to my dick. 

I couldn't have stopped it if I tried. My cock grew hard once I realized what part of her it was touching. Letting go seemed sensible but incredibly awkward under these circumstances. She had to feel my arousal, how damned hard I was. I could feel her pussylips against my shaft. I could feel her heart pounding against my chest and I am pretty damned sure she could feel mine, which was like a jackhammer in my thorax. 

My cock stood straight out, beneath her slit, the lips of which rested along the top of my trembling shaft, the head poking out below her ass. We didn't dare say anything and God knows how long we stood there, holding one another. Her naked body pressed to mine felt so good and yet I could hardly think of what to do. I held her close, my hand on the back of her head while she pressed her face into my shoulder, waiting for all the noise to go away. 

Eventually the cacophony began to subside, the cop cars pulling pulling away one by one. The helicopter had left and the neighbourhood slowly became its normal, quiet self. We still held one another for some time. Frankly, I was afraid to move because of my raging hard-on, which showed no sign of going away. Thank God it was dark, because I was no doubt blushing furiously. 

"Feeling a little awkward?" she asked quietly, her hands still on my back. 

"More than a little," I breathed. "I'm so-" 

"Don't be," she said, cutting me off. "There's no need to be, I promise you." 

"I... are you uncomfortable?" I queried, thinking that having my dick splitting her puss was a little too forward. 

Her composure seemed to be returning because she began to giggle and she subtly slid her pussylips along my hard shaft, experimenting. "No," she said, looking up and smiling into my eyes. "I'm kinda enjoying it, in fact. Is it uncomfortable for you?" 

"Well, no..." 

"How about this?" she whispered, shifting around. She moved her hips until my cock was no longer beneath her pussy but now stood upright, pressed between our stomachs as she moved back against me. It felt warm and vaguely wet as it throbbed relentlessly. It was still splitting her lips and I could feel her wetness against me. Apparently I wasn't the only one who was turned on. 

"Better?" she asked, smirking. 

"I dunno about better but I still like it." I said finally. She held me for a little while longer before her hands trailed down to my behind and gave my butt cheeks a squeeze. She then slowly pulled away and looked down at my raging hard cock. 

"Thank God I'm married," she breathed. "Looks like you've got something to take care of, skipper," she quipped, getting back into her clothes and packing away the soiled towel. "I'll need to sneak home now and make sure no one suspects I was gone too long. Have a good night!" 

She blew me a kiss and then moved through the shadows and into her house via a side door. I stood there for some time, trying to make sense of everything that was happening. Not just the nearly getting caught by cops inadvertently, but well, everything. This was kind of nuts, even for me, and I am used to weird situations. 

Lynn was right, though, I did have something to see to. I put on my clothes, sprinting back to the house, just in case anyone walked by and saw the tent post in my pants. I got into the shower and took care of my urges before settling into bed. My mind went around in circles about the last few weeks and by the time I drifted off I still had no answers, only the determination to see where this ended up. 

*** 

My birthday, as it turns out, was unremarkable. I woke up feeling no different and made no plans. A few friends gave me best wishes and invited me out but I declined, saying I had things to do. It was a lie but I didn't feel like celebrating. I was perfectly content staying home, listening to music and playing a game or two. 

Around seven, though, I got a text message. It simply read: "Are you kidding me? It's your birthday and you're sitting at home instead of out getting someone to buy you a lapdance? Get out here!" 

How Lynn had known I was at home finally dawned on me- when I am home, I leave the kitchen light on so that my friends know they can come in. I paused my game and headed outside, wearing just my trackpants and an old tank top. Perfect lounging clothing. Lynn seemed to have tried a little harder than I did, wearing very short cut-off jeans, some elegant sandals and a nice, tight white tank top that made her tits look even bigger. Her hair was in a cute French braid again. 

"I have to admit, sport, I didn't expect to have to see you tonight," she commented, hands on her hips. "But since somebody's obviously got to save you from your ennui, I guess it's up to me." 

"Well, you might very well be the first and only person I've wanted to see today," I replied. 

"So our naughty little ritual is becoming a favourite pastime of yours," Lynn remarked, smiling slyly. "Glad to see I'm not the only one." 

I nodded in confirmation. "I do look forward to it. Kinda light out yet, isn't it?" 

She made a dismissive gesture. "Carter and the kids are out again doing their own things. I've gone to the trouble of standing back here and measuring where people might be able to see us from if they walk by. I put little garden stakes and some string in the ground to demarcate our safe zone." 

I glanced at the area and raised an eyebrow in surprise. "Wow, is it really that much? That's more room than I thought. How did you figure it out?" 

"I told a friend I was thinking of planting a shade garden back here with a couple of exotic or rare plants and she helped me measure it out. I explained that I was going to use only the area that couldn't be seen so that no one walking by on the street could see them and get decide to liberate anything that caught their fancy." 

"Clever girl." I said, duly impressed. 

"Thank you," she said, bowing and making sure I got to see down her shirt. "So as long as we're quiet, no one will ever be any the wiser. Now, as for your birthday present..." 

She winked and beckoned me closer with a finger. I strode up to her and she smiled and put the finger to my lips. 

She then knelt and undid my pants, pulling them down. I stepped out of them and then she lifted my shirt off and tossed it aside. I noticed she had more towels, so I had a pretty good idea what her plan entailed. 

She then knelt in front of me and began removing her shirt, pulling it over her head. As her breasts sprung free she pressed them to my cock, which immediately began to swell. I have no idea how I kept it from getting hard, but I did. She then stood and smiled at me naughtily before turning around and unbuttoning her shorts. She began to shimmy them down, bending over as she did so. Her magnificent ass pressed against me and she wiggled it around a little, teasing my poor manhood. It was more than I could take and he was instantly at attention. 

"You are some kinda cruel, lady." I muttered, flexing my fingers as I resisted the urge to grab hold of her hips and fuck the hell out of her. 

"You wouldn't be the first person to say so," Lynn said sweetly, now standing up and pressing back against me, her hands reaching around to squeeze my behind. "Just do as you're told, okay?" 

I waited silently while she turned around and took my hands in hers. She went down to her knees, taking me with her. Naked, we knelt in the grass, looking at one another. Whatever she had planned, I found myself hoping she'd do it soon, because I was fit to burst. 

"Now Michael, you have to promise me you won't lose control and try to get inside me," she said in a light but still solemn tone. "I know this seems odd for us to be doing, but I am still married and you may not fuck me. Understand?" 

I nodded. 

"Since no one else gave you a lapdance tonight, I guess I'll be the one to do it for you. Lean back a little bit on your legs..." 

I did as requested and she turned around and sidled backwards onto me, her ass pressing onto my hips. She began to gently grind her hips around and I could feel her pussy against my cock. She was careful to not let me inside but allowed the throbbing, bulbous head to split the lips and then she slid them along my shaft. My head was almost spinning from the sensations. 

She let the braid down and ran her hands through her thick, luxurious golden hair as she undulated on me. My cock was so damned hard it was unreal and I could feel her slick wetness along its length. How much more of this did she think I could take? 

Then she leaned backward and her arms reached back around my neck as her hair cascaded over us. She shivered and then I felt it- the warm wetness gushing over my cock and my middle. She was peeing on me, just as I had on her the last time. 

It felt warm, almost hot. It sent thrills through me to share such a naughty thing with this blonde goddess. My hands ached to hold her, but I refrained, knowing she had not said I could. This was her show and I was the rapt audience. 
