 Chapter 5- Spygasm 

Though Lynn and I had agreed on a date and were eager to go on it, we decided that we might have to wait a little while to make it happen, strictly for logistical purposes. We couldn't have a date in-town, for fear of her being recognized, meaning we had to drive elsewhere and this was predicated on her home schedule and being able to find a good excuse for being away for an entire evening. 

This was not a huge letdown, as we would still be getting together as often as possible to fuck or make love, depending on our mood and availability. Sometimes she might have a few hours in the afternoon after I got out of work and before any of her family members got home, especially Carter. This meant we could meet behind the sheds, as we had been, and go at each other, expressing our ferocious mutual desire. 

Our second experience fucking behind the shed was wonderful as we continued to establish our relationship and boundaries. Physically, of course, we were beyond boundaries, but emotionally we were still feeling things out, because the entire point behind this torrid affair was allowing Lynn to feel sufficiently avenged that she would want to repair the marriage her husband had damaged so badly already with his neglect lies and cheating on her. 

We met two days after our first lovemaking encounter and Lynn was in fine form for the event- she was wearing nylon bicycle shorts, a sports bra that could barely contain her tits and her hair in a ponytail. Before I could say anything, her clothes were off. 

"I want you to fuck me as hard as you can, as loudly as you dare..." she said in husky voice as she approached me, her blue eyes smouldering. "Take me hard and fuck me until I don't remember my husband. Give me my revenge, lover." 

I nodded and stripped off my shirt and pulled down my pants. Lynn looked hungrily at my cock, which was already swelling at the sight of her luscious, naked form. She knelt in front of me and immediately took my cock into her mouth, sucking on it with a will. Her hand followed her mouth, massaging back and forth along the length. Before, Lynn would look up into my eyes while she was kneeling before me, maintaining that wonderfully erotic eye contact, but today her eyes were closed and her intensity was palpable. 

My cock grew raging hard and I gripped her hair, pulling on it tightly. She sort of moaned and growled all at once, her eyes opening as I pulled her head away from my shaft. Keeping hold of her wonderful blonde locks, I turned her around and made her face away from me, kneeling on all fours. Her wonderful ass squirmed at me and I could see her bald, pink pussy was already glistening wet. I knelt behind her and toyed the swollen head of my cock up and down her slippery lips, causing her to hiss and grind back against me wantonly. 

I suddenly and forcefully slid all the way inside her, causing Lynn to shudder and her elbows to buckle. Trembling in desire, her head down and her ass up, she bit her lip as I gripped her hips and began to slide in and out of her, strongly and rhythmically. Her teeth clenched and her eyes squeezed shut while my cock drilled into her steaming pussy. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, God, yes, fuck me..." she panted. "Fucking give it to me... don't hold back..." 

Eager to oblige, I began to move faster, pounding her with my cock, feeling it ramming deep inside and even touching her womb. She grunted and hissed, grinding her ass back against me and flexing her cooze around my throbbing shaft. My thighs pounded against hers as loudly as I dared allow, given that we were outdoors. 

Keeping her in her position I now switched mine, standing and keeping my knees bent. I was sliding my cock at a downward angle into her and she shuddered and gripped a towel she was holding tightly, groaning gutturally. Her body was beginning to shine with sweat, as was mine, no doubt. The heat of her pussy was unreal and it clenched harder and harder around me. My balls slapped against her and she reached back with one hand and fondled them. 

"Holy fuck, Michael..." she gasped. "Where'd you learn that shit?" 

"It's a Chinese technique called 'Beating the Mountain'" I replied as I stuffed my cock down into her. "I know a couple of others I'll unleash on you when you're not expecting it." 

"Oh, God, I'm gonna fucking die..." Lynn moaned. 

I began to move faster and faster, bracing myself to deliver the powerful thrusts she craved. Her whole body writhed and shivered, her pussy clenching my cock tighter and tighter. Sweat dripped off me and I felt the delicious tingle building inside me as we came close. 

I rammed in one more time and the dam burst. I pounded down on her as my cum shot powerfully inside that unreal poon. Lynn buried her face in the thick white towel and screamed as she shook almost uncontrollably. Her pussy bathed my cock in its cum and oozed lasciviously, spilling over with our mingling pleasure. Mercilessly I battered her quim and she pushed back with a desperate ferocity that almost knocked me on my ass. I reached down and grabbed her hair in a knot, wrapping it around my fist and pulled back. Her back arched and she hissed as her neck craned toward me. Her eyes were flashing and her lips curled in an almost feral way. 

I did not relent, determined to exhaust her. I slammed my cock inside her and she squeezed my throbbing rod with her voracious pussy. Her eyes almost rolled into her head and her arms shook at the effort of supporting her upper body. I slowly relaxed and released my grip on her hair. She fell forward, her body trembling and her face buried in the towel. Her ass slumped and my cock popped out of her slit with an unexpected speed. I gasped at the sensation and steadied myself. Taking deep breaths, I gazed down at the magnificent woman I had just fucked and tried to gauge her condition. 

"Oh God..." she whispered in a trembling voice. "Give me... just... please, give me a moment... oh God..." 

I knelt next to her, waiting for some sign. The trembling finally stopped and she began to sigh. She finally turned her head to look at me, resting her lovely face on the towel still. I could not tell, but her eyes were either glazed over with pleasure or perhaps bleary from tears. 

"Are you alright?" I asked, concerned. 

"Oh, yes, my love," she said quietly, giving the faintest smile that still conveyed warmth. "I am just fine." 

"Okay, I'm glad." I said nodding. "I was worried for a moment that I'd either hurt you or that you were crying because you felt bad about all this." 

Lynn turned her face back into the blanket and giggled for a moment. "No," she answered finally. "You just have to understand, Michael, I haven't cum that hard in a long, long time. Nowadays I have to really work myself to cum when Carter gives it to me. He's so average and mechanical. He would never fuck me forcefully the way you did just now." 

I nodded, looking at her. "He did something recently to piss you off, didn't he?" 

Lynn sighed. "And you're too clever for your own good, sport," she admitted. "Yeah, he did." I now sat down next to her and she put her head on my lap, turning over to look up at me. I caressed her beautiful face before reaching down to massage her breasts, which I had sorely neglected up to this point. She purred as I ran my hand over them. 

"At church this morning we were talking with our friends at the coffee hour afterwards and I had to sit there and smile charmingly while people talked about what a happy marriage we had. Carter boasted about how happy I was to be a mother and with him as provider. I was seething, Michael. He made himself sound like the perfect model of fidelity. I was so humiliated." 

"But at least no one knows." I pointed out. 

"If anyone knew and the issue blew up, that'd be the end of the marriage, for sure." Lynn grumbled. "Somewhere, deep down, I still love the jerk, I know it. But through all my hurt and fury I just feel an aching need for revenge." 

"You're a strong woman, Lynn, to be able to want to save your marriage after all this," I commented, one hand stroking her hair and her cheek while the other continued to casually fondle her breasts. "Are you sure you're not just doing it for your kids?" 

She nodded. "I thought about that, but even if the fledglings left the nest, I would still want to stay with Carter. I'm the right age to want to spread my wings and soar if I am not satisfied. I have lots of divorced friends my age, Michael. But no, I need to make my marriage work. This thing we're doing, you need to believe me, it will help me get through it." 

I chuckled. "Lynn, you are quite possibly the only person I would ever believe if they made a ridiculous statement like that. Not only do I think you believe it, I think you'll make it happen." 

"So... you're not jealous that I'm using you to try and fix my marriage?" she asked somewhat apprehensively. 

"Are you kidding?" I replied. "I'm insanely jealous of your fat idiot husband. He doesn't deserve you. But I commend your commitment and I'm happy to help you. If you can hold up your end of the bargain, I can hold up mine." 

"Uhhhhhhh, you bastard..." she groaned, pulling the towel up over her face to conceal it. "Why do you have to be so fucking nice? Do you know how damned hard it's going to be to not fall for you if you keep saying shit like that?"  

"Oh, don't you dare become a complicated wench on me now," I said cheerfully, pulling the towel away from her face and poking her nose. "We made a deal- no falling in love and fucking up this plan of yours, remember?" 

"Unfortunately, yes," she said darkly. "I do indeed remember. And somehow, some way, I will hold myself to it. Damned if I know how, but a promise is a promise." 

"And a vow is a vow," I agreed. "Pity Carter is choosing not to remember that." 

Lynn sighed and stared up at the trees overhead. "I did laundry the other night and found a little folded note in his back pocket, designating a place and a time next week. It looked like a woman's writing. I mean, I can't be sure, but..." 

"Easy way to find out," I answered. "Just tell Carter you want to do something that night at that time. He's bound to say he's already committed to doing something else." 

"Well, yes," she said with a hint of irritation in her voice. "What's that going to prove?" 

"You and I could tail him." I said simply. 

Lynn made a wry face and then looked at me in minor disbelief. "Why the hell would I want to watch my husband cheat on me?" 

"Well, you can begin collecting evidence, gain an inkling as to why he's doing this and maybe we'll have some laughs if it turns out they're both bad at fucking. You already know he's cheating and you might as well find a way to enjoy it." 

"That is the weirdest damn logic I have ever heard." Lynn snorted. 

"True, it's right up there with having a torrid affair to repair your marriage." I pointed out. 

Lynn began to giggle and then smiled. "Okay, you win that round. That was completely brilliant and you are a total bastard for using my own logic against me. Who knows, maybe it'll be so pathetic that I'll feel bad for him and want to forgive him, to save him from his miserable affair, right?" 

"That's the spirit." I agreed cheerfully. Lynn giggled again and sat up, facing me and snuggling into my lap. She rested her head on my shoulder and she kissed the skin gently before nuzzling her cheek against me. Her hands wandered around and caressed my back. Her sticky, gooey pussy rested against my cock, still oozing our cum. 

"Mmmmm," she purred. "You feel heavenly pressed against me. Just hold me, let me feel protected, Michael. Being a strong mom with a weak husband leaves me feeling... I just need to feel vulnerable but protected, I guess." 

I held her tight and kissed her hair gently. "No need to explain. Whatever you need, I am happy to provide. Count on it." 

"I'm afraid I do..." she whispered. "I'm becoming emotionally dependent on you in ridiculous ways far too quickly. Normally this sort of thing scares a man off." 

"You can't scare me off, I'm not trying to win you," I answered, stroking her hair. "We're just close friends. And yes, we have a strong emotional bond we are discovering and its progression is pretty far ahead of our cognizance of it." 

"What?" she murmured, not looking up from my shoulder. 

"Our emotions are a lot stronger than our minds will admit to." 

"Yeah..." she sighed. "Stupid emotions. So tell me, did you come up with ideas for our date?" 

"Many ideas," I said, nodding. "We just need a time frame so we know which ones are viable. How long do we have? One night? An overnight? A weekend?" 

"Goodness," Lynn mused, looking into my eyes. "You love to cover your bases, don't you? I hadn't even considered beyond one night." 

"When you think about it, a weekend might be easier to procure than a single night," I explained. "If you're the type of wife and mother who never goes on a night out, a sudden night out could raise suspicion, especially if you have to explain said night out is not happening here in town. And hubby doubtless knows most of the people your circle of friends, so you can't say you're going out with them, right?" 

"Nope, then I'd have to explain you to them and they'd have to cover for me." Lynn sighed. "Not too many of them who'd be down with that. A few, but I'm not ready to open this can yet." 

"So then we need at least one night and a solid reason for you to leave town, yes?" I reasoned. "A trip to a specialist that can't be found in this dinky damn town, for instance. You are after all, crossing into a different health and women's wellness bracket, right?" 

Lynn considered. "True, and Carter has no fucking clue about medical terminology. I'm the one who gets to be responsible for doctor's visits and making sense of what they're saying." 

I laughed. "Maybe his secretary will give him chlamydia and he'll need the cure." 

She made a wry face. "It's not that big a deal for women to get cured, what's so bad about it for guys?" 

"You get a very long, blunt needle shoved up your dick. A friend of mine had it done after a girl gave him the clap. He couldn't walk right or fuck for weeks." 

She giggled. "It would serve him right, and it'd be really funny to watch him try and hide that from me, since I handle all the medical bills. But back to your theory, I am sure I can think of something. If I'm gone, he'll doubtless use the opportunity to see his little bitch again. The kids are fine by themselves for a few days, I could make that work." 

"Just say you're part of an elective group of women getting screened for cervical neoplasms using new tech in Chicago. We'll leave on a Thursday night and come back on Monday night or Tuesday morning, once your 'results' are in." 

Lynn gave the matter some thought. "Good God, that's four damn days with you at least. You could ravage me countless times." 

"That is the idea. It could be considered one date or a whirlwind dating spree. Take your pick. And since it was my idea, I'll find and pay for our accommodations. That way you've got no paper trail to explain." 

"Ooh, clever boy," she said smiling sly and kissing my nose. "But are you sure you can afford it?" 

"I have a sizable rainy day fund I am more than willing to splurge on your behalf," I said with confidence. "If I don't spend it on you I'll probably just buy video games with it." 

"Well I'm better than any video game." Lynn said haughtily. 

"Yes, but like my controller, you have buttons." I replied, smirking and pressing my thumbs onto her nipples and moving them about like the directional pads on my controller. Lynn flushed and giggled, tingled by my touch on her boobs. She kissed me deeply as I fondled her bringing her body in close to mine. I cannot describe with mere words how erotic her body feels, skin to skin, her warmth complimenting my own. 

She broke the kiss and smiled. Her eyes had a mischievous glint to them as I felt my cock and thighs suddenly getting very wet. The little minx had peed on me. I pulled her close, kissing her neck as I reciprocated, baptizing her pussy with my own offering. She shivered and whispered in my ear about how much she loved it. It was truly a bizarre exchange between us, since we neither liked water sports in particular. But perhaps that made it all the more thrilling, since it was a taboo, not just for society but a personal limitation we had broken together, exclusively for each other. 

We stared into one another's eyes for a while longer and it was time for her to go. She finally stood and we assisted one another in cleaning off. Once again dressed, we shared a kiss before I watched her go inside. I waited a few moments and departed back to my own house, where I showered away the evidence of our illicit congress. 

"Do you think of me during the day?" she asked that night over text. 

"All day every day," was my reply. "You've wreaked havoc on my concentration at work, for certain. Hell, I can't even play my video games properly anymore. I get distracted thinking of you." 

"Oh, so sorry, love, how shall I make it up to you?" 

"Trust me, I'll think of something." 

"I'm counting on it, my love. Dream of me. Goodnight!" 

"Sweet dreams, my secret angel." 

*** 

We began planning our little extended-weekend date, which was scheduled for the middle of September, a month hence. This gave us plenty of time to make excuses, in her case, or get the required time off in mine. Lynn was positively giddy about the idea whenever I saw her and we texted endlessly about it. I drove her crazy by assuming responsibility for the majority of our itinerary and not letting her know what I had planned. 

"Michael, please tell me," she whined, as she squatted in front of me in our habitual spot behind the shed and peed, all the while stroking my cock earnestly. "Please give me a hint as to what we're doing." 

"Not a chance, young lady," I said firmly, refusing to accede to her mewling demands. She sucked my cock, but to no avail. 

"Well, dammit," she muttered. "What if I threaten to withhold peeing or fucking privileges?" 

"You'll do no such thing," I said in my favourite commanding tone. "Now turn around." 

"Yes, love..." she breathed, spinning about and leaning in against the wall of the shed, her magnificent ass pointed at me. I pushed my pulsing cockhead inside her moist pussy and we both moaned as I slid all the way in. I took hold of her hips and began rolling against her cheeks. Lynn gasped and pressed back, determined to take me in as far as I could go. I reached forward and almost mauled her tits as they swayed back and forth invitingly. She groaned at the treatment, begging for more. 

Lynn loved it good and hard. We had our tender lovemaking sessions as well, but she was not a porcelain doll and her body could withstand the rough and tumble stuff too, as long as she had no odd red marks to explain. So different from my ex-wife, who had been a such a priss and afraid of everything. 

I fucked her fiercely and we came together, hard. My goo filled her and she shuddered and ground back against me as she gasped for air. My fingers gripped her so fiercely I thought her bones might crack. But in the end we collapsed to our knees together, chests heaving from our mutual exertions, my engorged cock still pinned inside her tightness, which refused to relinquish its prize. 

We finally relaxed and held one another, lost in bliss. I held her close, my arms encompassing her, just the way she liked it. The beat of her heart matched my own and granted me a deep serenity. 

"Will you let me plan out our Friday night, at least?" she asked in a gentle voice. There was no way in hell I could have said no to that. 
