 I awoke the next morning, feeling Lynn's warmth next to me in our huge, plush bed. We had left the strip club and Eileen the night before, hurried back to our hotel room and showered, still horny and eagerly fucking one another. We could not seem to get enough of one another's bodies and we finally collapsed, exhausted, into our bed and drifted off, sated for the moment. 

Lynn slowly stirred beside me, sighing contentedly. She emerged from beneath the satin sheets and stretched her arms over her head as she lay there, her magnificent breasts coming into view. Her eyes fluttered open and she smiled at me serenely. 

"Good morning, my love," she said softly, reaching over to caress my arm. "Did you sleep well?" 

"And dreamed of you the whole time," I replied, grinning. "Even in my dreams you keep me perpetually horny." 

Lynn turned on her side and lifted the sheet covering my midsection to look at my erect cock. 

"Hm, seemingly so," she observed. "Well, you have morning wood and I have morning dew, so let's take care of that situation, shall we?" 

She then knelt next to me and gently pushed me onto my back. A moment later she straddled me and easily sank down onto my waiting cock, her pliant, gooey pussy taking it all the way inside her. 

"Ooh, that's what mommy needs," she murmured, arching her back as the swollen head touched something deep inside her. "Can never get enough..." She now laid down on top of me and held me close, moving back and forth along my length, feeling it slide in and out of her. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her while she fucked me, squeezing her tight tunnel around me. 

She didn't seem to need a good, hard fucking, this morning she was feeling gentle and wanted to be close. We made love for some minutes until she shuddered and moaned, my cum pumping deep inside her. She snuggled to me and kissed my chest lovingly, whispering against my skin. 

Finally she sat up, looking down at me and caressing her lovely breasts while she smiled. She was so beautiful, I could not take my eyes off her angelic face. She squirmed her hips around, enjoying the feeling of my cock deep inside her, our cum mingling within. 

"God, I want you to pee in me," she sighed. "But not here on our lovely bed. Can you carry me to the bathroom, my love?" 

I nodded and stood slowly, holding her to me while I got up. She moaned as she sank down onto my still-erect tool and I took firm hold of her by her ass and carried her to the bathroom. I deftly slid open the shower doors and stepped inside. I pressed her back against the wall and looked into her eyes. She stared back into mine and then shivered and let out a tiny gasp as I let myself go and peed inside her tight pussy. 

"Oh yes, Michael..." she whimpered as she gripped me tight and bit lightly at my shoulder. I could feel our mingled essence trickling down between us. "Oh, God, it feels so good..." 

I finished and she hugged me close, sighing and then taking a deep breath. "Mmmm, let's get washed up and then we have breakfast in bed coming to us. I already arranged it." 

"Sounds like a great continuation to our morning." I replied easily as I reached over and turned on the shower heads. We stood under the refreshing cascades and cleaned one another, pausing to kiss and have fun occasionally. Lynn knelt and sucked on my cock for some time and then massaged it between her tits until I came again, an offering she hungrily swallowed. We finished up and wrapped ourselves in the luxurious towels provided, heading back into our bedroom. 

Some minutes later there was a not and a woman's voice announced breakfast. Lynn swished over to the door and opened it, to reveal the cute brunette bellhop girl, now wheeling in our food. She smiled at Lynn and then myself. 

"Goodness, darling, is there anything you don't do for the hotel?" Lynn asked as she followed behind the girl, staring at her ass. The young woman giggled and smiled gratefully as I tipped her. She wiggled out of the room, Lynn's eyes still on her behind. 

"There's an ass I wouldn't mind fucking..." she breathed. I chuckled and set out our food, letting Lynn get situated back in bed. We ate our continental breakfast and discussed how the rest of the day would unfold- we finally concluded that we would go shopping and then return to the hotel to spend a lazy afternoon fucking in bed or anywhere else we thought of. 

We finished breakfast and got dressed, agreeing to take Chicago's rather (in)famous subway system to the Magnificent Mile, where the best shopping was. Lynn looked sexy and splendid in a short, black leather skirt, a tight white t-shirt, heeled boots and her black leather jacket. She wore her lovely, long blonde hair down and I swear she looked fifteen years younger than she was. How on earth had I chanced upon this magnificent creature? 

Hand in hand we left the hotel and walked over to the subway and began wandering around the station. It was one of the older ones, not recently revamped and churning with throngs of people. Lynn squeezed my hand as she scanned around, looking for something. 

"Ooh, Michael..." we whined quietly. "There's gotta be a secluded place around this station somewhere..." 

We ended up on the subway platform, pressed up near one of the walls. The platform was jam-packed with people, all waiting to get on with their days. Even on a Saturday, Chicago was still busy and thrumming with activity and commuters. 

I protected Lynn from the press of bodies with my own, facing into her while she was backed up against the wall. The chatter of countless voices and the general din of a busy subway station was all we could hear. She hugged me close, whispering in my ear. 

"Oh God, I want you, Michael..." she said breathily. "Just to feel you inside me somehow..." 

A crackling voice blared over the speaker systems, announcing a delay in the next train's arrival. Scores of people on the platform began complaining and cursing loudly and the crowed churned in frustration at the delay. 

Without losing a moment, Lynn shifted around, her hands undoing my belt and the button on my jeans. She subtly spread her legs and hiked up the front of her skirt. I nodded and pressed closer to her, my cock now nestling against her panties. She squirmed around until she was wet and I was hard; then she pulled aside her panties and we shifted around until my erect rod was inside her. We looked into one another's eyes, ignoring the mass of humanity around us and losing ourselves in the feel of our bodies joined together. 

Lynn squeezed her pussy around my cock while I moved my hips as much as I dared without attracting attention to us. The jostling and movement of the people around us actually made this somewhat easier as my thrusts went unnoticed and the press of bodies often pushed me deeper inside her at random moments. 

Lynn shivered and bit her lip, determined not to gasp. As little as we could move, we were both very turned on and enjoying the thrill of fucking in public. She held one of my hands and squeezed it hard as she gripped my cock with her wetness. I could tell she was fit to burst and I moved my hips a little more, making her shudder. 

A large man shoved his way through the crowd nearby, jostling people out of the way and pressing me up against Lynn, forcing me deeper inside her. She groaned involuntarily but the noise seemed to go unnoticed in the cacophony around us. I leaned in and whispered to her. 

"Go ahead, cum, darling," I said gently. "Let me cum in you..." 

She nodded and closed her eyes, shuddering and releasing the pent-up orgasm she had been trying to hold back. I reciprocated, shooting my cum deep inside her. We pressed hard against one another as we climaxed, Lynn pressing her face into my shoulder and whimpering quietly. She murmured something I could not hear and then looked up at me, her eyes glassy. Once we had finished cumming, I subtly slipped out of her and put my cock back in my jeans, zipping them up. She put her panties back in place and then we waited with everyone else, still holding hands. 

A few moments later, Lynn squeezed my hand to get my attention. She nodded over at a woman standing not far away who was smirking at us. The woman nodded and winked, seemingly indicating that she knew what we had been up to. I smiled back and returned the nod as a train finally rumbled into the station. We managed to clamber in and waited patiently until we got to our stop a few minutes later. We flowed out the doors and then made our way up into the busy Magnificent Mile. 

We walked around holding hands and Lynn visited just about every shop, at least browsing to see what they had. She purchased some blouses and another set of boots but then we came across an upscale lingerie shop. Lynn dragged me in eagerly and flitted from display to display in delight, elaborating on how everything would look on her. I smiled and listened cheerfully to the running commentary. 

One of the attendants finally joined us and asked how she could help. Lynn intimated that she might need help trying some of the outfits she had in mind on and that I needed to be taken elsewhere so I could be surprised. The attendant smiled and called over another girl, indicating I should be shown to the reading room. The new girl nodded and led me to the small lounge in question where she let me sit and offered me some coffee. 

"Your wife sounds eager to please you," she commented casually as she poured me a cup of coffee. "Lucky fella." 

"No argument there," I said agreeably. "Thank you for the coffee." 

"I wonder what she'll buy," wondered the girl, who was slim and had auburn hair. She was actually rather attractive, even if she wasn't anywhere near as gorgeous as Lynn. "She seems the adventurous sort and we have some items for that." 

"Pity we can't see ahead of time," I mused. "I love watching her try things on." 

The attendant paused for a moment and seemed pensive. "Well, can you keep a secret?" she asked. 

I nodded and she indicated I should follow her. I took my coffee and left the lounge through a side door and into the back, where the employees were allowed to go. She brought me to a small room with three monitors and turned one of them on. 

"We generally speaking do not use the security cameras," she explained. "Not unless we have a reason to believe one of the customers is stealing in the dressing room. But this seems like a pretty good use too. But please don't tell anyone, I like my job." 

"Your secret is safe with me." I said cheerfully as the screen came on. The camera was looking at a downward angle into what was currently an empty change room. It had velvet walls with two long mirrors, two small cushioned seats and a chaise. 

"This is Brenda's favourite room to use when she is helping customers," said the attendant. "She uses this one if it's available, this is where they'll go." 

We waited a minute or two and sure enough, Lynn and the attendant named Brenda entered the change room. Brenda closed the door and began helping Lynn peruse the items they had picked out. Lynn seemed delighted and kept pressing the bustiers and teddies on over her tight white t-shirt, wiggling her torso at Brenda and seeming to ask what she thought of it. Brenda seemed agreeable to the apparel but it seemed like she occasionally stared a little too long for it to remain a professional perusal. 

Lynn then stripped out of her t-shirt and skirt, now just in a bra and her panties. Brenda paused at the sight of her customer's body and then made some comment that caused Lynn to blush and giggle for a moment. She then removed her bra and panties readily, standing naked before Brenda. 

"Oh, wow," said the girl standing next to me, watching the screen along with me. "I kinda knew your wife was built but I wasn't expecting that." 

I said nothing but just continued watching intently while Brenda helped Lynn try on some items. Lynn was plainly enjoying herself and the feel of Brenda's hands on her while she got into her lingerie. She would turn and model the items for Brenda, waiting for her opinion. I only barely noticed my attendant girl leave for a few moments but then she returned and continued staring. 

At one point Lynn seemed to ask a question about the shape of one of the outfits as she climbed out of the first one and Brenda responded by reaching out and cupping Lynn's breast for a moment, giving it a gentle squeeze. Lynn giggled and then teasingly gave Brenda's breast a squeeze through her blouse in return. Brenda certainly did not object but gave Lynn's breast another squeeze as she blushed and looked into her customer's eyes. 

I smiled slyly as they began to fondle one another's chests, not saying anything but simply staring. This was going to be fun to watch. 

"Holy shit, didn't expect that," murmured my attendant. "Are... are you okay with that?" 

"More than okay, I assure you." I replied, my eyes not leaving the screen. "This is going to be hot." 

"Good thing the rooms are sound-proofed and that I locked the front door, then," she added. "I put up a sign that said we were having a private fitting for the next hour." 

There was no audio on the cameras but in a weird way that made it even more erotic to watch the proceedings. Lynn now leaned in and kissed Brenda fully on the lips. The attendant stiffened for only a moment but then returned the kiss lustily, her arms wrapping around Lynn. My blonde goddess began removing Brenda's blouse and skirt, until she was only in her panties and bra. She had a decent-sized set of breasts that Lynn was kneading through the lacy bra she still wore. 

"Didn't know Brenda had those," muttered my spying companion, who now leaned forward to watch the action. "This is hot." 

Lynn and Brenda somehow with trembling, eager fingers managed to undress one another, still kissing hungrily. Their fingers slid down and began pushing inside one another's pussies and I could see them both moaning, even if I could not hear it. Lynn was already dripping wet, not that I would have expected anything else from her. 

I felt my cock getting hard inside my pants and sensed the attendant girl next to was aroused. Her hips moved and she closed her legs unconsciously as she watched. Out of the corner of my eye I could see her bite her lip. 

"Be a shame to let them have all the fun, wouldn't it?" I suggested, my eyes still on the screen. The aurburn-haired girl looked at me for a moment, clearly understanding what I meant but not sure what to do about it. She gazed back at the screen and then made her choice. 

"What the hell," she muttered. "I mean, Brenda's married, right?" 

Without another word, she undid the buttons of her skirt and shimmied out of it, leaving her in a lacy thong. I undid my belt and let my pants fall, revealing the large tent post that was my boxers. 

She got down on her knees and yanked my boxers down, taking my shaft in her hand and beginning to suck. She wasn't very experienced, but it wasn't bad either. I watched her as her head bobbed back and forth and she made moaning noises. Her free hand snaked down between her legs and began massaging her slit. 

Eager to watch Lynn again, I pulled my companion up to her feet and then leaned her over the desk the monitors were sitting on. She gasped as I forced her onto her elbows and looked back at me, her eyes glinting with lust. She hooked her thumbs into her thong and pulled it down over her ass, leaving them pinned on her thighs. 

I took firm hold of her ass cheeks and spread them, giving me a magnificent view of her wet cooze. I pressed the head of my swollen cock to the slippery lips and then slid it inside her. She arched her back and moaned loudly as I invaded her. Both of us were watching the screen as I began to slap my hips against her ass, plunging my cock back and forth inside her. 

Lynn was sitting back in one of the chairs now, her legs spread wide while she clasped Brenda's head as the brunette lashed Lynn's pussy with her tongue. Lynn's free hand massaged and teased her breasts, squeezing them or pulling at the nipples. She shuddered and squirmed while Brenda's tongue slithered around inside her wet womanhood. 

Watching Lynn with another woman made me incredibly aroused and I fucked my partner harder, reaching down to grip her hair and pull on it. She keened and gasped but did not object. Her pussy was warm, the walls clenching wetly at my cock. We were held spellbound by the action on the screen while we fucked, not wanting to look away. 

Lynn now clambered out of the chair and put Brenda in it, spreading her legs and going to town on the attendant's slit. Her tongue teased it mercilessly before going inside while she squeezed and pinched Brenda's inner thighs. Brenda ground and writhed almost uncontrollably, her mouth wide as she moaned and panted. 

Lynn began snaking fingers inside Brenda's puss while her tongue lashed her clit. Brenda gyrated and strained as Lynn kept adding fingers until all five of the ones on her left hand were inside the woman. She then slid forward until she was in to her wrist. Brenda seemed almost paralyzed and her mouth was wide open, her eyes seeming to roll up into her head. 

"Holy shit, look at that..." my lover hissed as she watched the screen. "She's getting fucking fisted..." 

I nodded and kept fucking her, my cock hitting deep inside. I reached down and under her blouse, beginning to squeeze and maul her breasts. She ground and strained back against me, her pussy dripping and smearing our thighs with her lust. 

"Ohmygod..." she panted, squirming against me. Her fingers flexed against the table while we fucked, her ass grinding in circles. "Gnnnnn, fuck me, yessssss..." 

Lynn was working her hand inside Brenda, who looked like she might die. But before the brunette passed out, Lynn pulled her to the floor and put her on her back. Without another word, she straddled Brenda's face and pressed her gooey pussy down onto her mouth. Brenda began lashing Lynn with her tongue. She may have been married, but she seemed to have some inkling of what to do with a girl. Lynn bucked and ground her hips shamelessly, clearly in the throes of ecstasy. One of her hands reached back to finger Brenda's pussy while the attendant tongued her. 

"Oh, God..." moaned my partner, her skin getting flush and warm. "Oh, shit, I'm so close..." 

"I'd better pull out." I grunted, making to do so but she shook her head wildly. 

"No, don't!" she hissed in protest. "I'm on the pill, fucking cum in me! I'm too close!" 

I nodded and took firm hold of her hips. I began slamming my thighs against her hard until we both broke. She arched her back and threw back her head, moaning loudly. My hips bucked and then I busted, pumping my cum deep inside her. We humped and ground against one another heatedly until we were spent and she collapsed forward on the desk, panting and trembling. 

Through the whole orgasm, my eyes had been on Lynn, who seemed to have cum at about the same time as us. She had shuddered and writhed and almost convulsed until she climaxed on Brenda's face, cumming joyously. When she was spent she laid back along Brenda's body and then rolled over, kissing her lover's pussy gently. They seemed content to lay there for some time. 

I stood still, letting the sensations of pleasure slowly trickle out of me and into my partner. She sighed contentedly before propping herself up on her elbows and looking back at me. 

"Wow... thanks, man." 

"My pleasure, I assure you." I said as I gently pulled her up and turned her around, sitting her on the desk. My cock was still inside her and her pussy gripped me warmly. 

"I'm Vicki, by the way," she said, holding out her hand. "Don't think I'll be telling my boyfriend about this." 
