 Disclaimer-thingy: All characters indulging in sexual acts are 18 years or older at the time of the act. There are fetish elements in this story, so bugger off if you're not into them. I promise I won't be hurt. Reviews and constructive critiques are welcome, flames will be snickered at and deleted, because other readers shouldn't have to put up with trolls. Enjoy!

Chapter 11- The Floodgates Open

Lynn was still sound asleep when I opened my eyes, feeling Eileen stirring. The digital clock indicated it was only 5 am, the sun having yet to come up. She saw me looking at her and smiled, stretching her arms over her head, her breasts thrust forward prettily. 

"Jesus, my pussy still hurts like a motherfucker..." she whispered, trying to not wake Lynn on the other side of me. "Where did she learn to fuck like that?"

"Damned I know," was my quiet reply, watching as she slowly got out of bed, mincing her way across the floor to where her clothes were laying. She made tiny gasping noises as she moved, clearly still in discomfort. "I take it you have to leave?"

"Yeah, 'fraid so," she replied, regret in her voice. "Got a roomie and shit to do, even if I don't dance for the next few days. Just gonna have to call 'em and say it's shark week or something. They'll leave me alone then."

"I'd say sorry about that, but I think you enjoyed yourself way too much for an apology to be necessary." I mused.

"You kidding?" Eileen said, grinning in the dark of the room. "You fucked me in half and then I got pissed on and she smashed my cunt into a thousand pieces... best night ever."

"Well, we're always happy to accommodate, next time you feel the need to get abused and violated." I suggested cheerfully. 

"Oh, totally will," the brunette agreed, nodding. "God knows, you guys'll have to take it to me again. Now I just have to get back to my apartment without walking funny."

"I can give you a lift," I said, rising. "Can't let a girl walk the streets of Chicago at this hour unescorted."

"Kind of you to offer, but won't Lynn mind?" Eileen asked, looking at the prostrate lump on the other side of me. "I mean, you're kinda here with her."

I shrugged. "She'll be happy I offered to take you instead of making you walk. That and she's not sleeping so much as regenerating, like the Borg do from battle damage on Star Trek."

Eileen giggled. "I have no idea what the fuck that means, but I believe it anyway. Okay, you can drive me home, big guy. And thank you."

She turned out to be one of those stereotype strippers you hear about, the girl with the brain who was making her way through college. She was, in fact, going to the Oriental Institute of Chicago, majoring in Near Eastern studies. Since this was a fascination of mine, I suggested we discuss it in detail before Lynn and I left the city, to which Eileen readily agreed. It took me maybe fifteen minutes to reach her apartment from our hotel and she smiled sheepishly as I pulled to a stop in front of her building.

"Well, you know where I live now," she said, pointing at a window in the front of the edifice. "Just don't turn out to be some bugfuck insane serial killer who climbs into my apartment and eats my face. Promise?"

"I'm pretty sure I can make this accommodation." I said, nodding. She giggled and hugged me for a moment before pausing. "Do I ... do I kiss you good-bye or is that overstepping it because Lynn's not here?"

"I'm sure Lynn would be fine with it," I said simply. "She'd probably think there was something wrong with me if I didn't."

Without another word she pressed her lips to mine and kissed me deeply. As she moaned, she took my hands and moved them to her breasts, making me massage them through her shirt. She finally pulled back, smiling at me brightly and then stepped out of the vehicle. She trotted up the flight of steps and turned to wave before heading inside. I waited until I saw a light go on inside the apartment she had indicated before turning on the van and heading back to our hotel. When I returned, Lynn was awake and lying on her side waited for me. Even in the dark I could see that wonderful, warm smile. 

"Thank you for taking her back, my love..." she said gently. "I trust she rewarded you accordingly?"

"I'm more looking forward to your reward of my good deed..." I said easily as I stripped out of my clothes and slid back into bed next to her. She giggled and snuggled into me, sighing in contentment. 

"Mmmmmm, soon enough, my dearest," she said in a dreamy voice. "For now, let's just sleep. I need my energy back."

I allowed myself to doze off again, Lynn pressed tight to my side. When I awoke, it was with an erection and my blonde goddess sucking hungrily on my cock. She smiled up at me wickedly before straddling me, turning around and slowly taking me inside her tight ass, moaning as she did so.

"Puss is still a little sore, I take it?" I mused, caressing her lovely cheeks as she began to squirm up and down. 

"Mmmmmm, rather, we should give the poor girl a bit of a rest," Lynn replied, caressing her breasts as she fucked my cock with her ass. She bit her lip as she sank down, shivering. "God, you're making me such an anal slut..."

"This is not a bad thing from my point of view." I remarked simply, pushing up with my hips and going even deeper inside her. 

We stopped talking and just fucked until we both came, my cock spunking deep in her tight ass. She shuddered and ground on me until she collapsed forward, resting on my shins and feet. I caressed her cheeks gently, leaving myself inside her. We lay still for some time before she opened her eyes and looked over at a clock, giggling. 

"Holy shit, it's nearly eleven..." she murmured. "We should get up and get on with our day, don't you think?"

"Do we have anything planned?" I asked, helping her sit back up so she was straddling my thighs again. 

She sighed. "I imagine that whatever it is, it'll simply revolve around fucking like rabbits, so let's just play it by ear, shall we? I can't believe our trip is two days away from over. Today, tomorrow and then Tuesday we go home. It's gone by too quickly, my love."

"I know what you mean, darling, we'll just have to play all the harder for it." I announced while she gingerly spun around to face me and sit in my lap without twisting my dick off. I picked her up and carried her to the bathroom, where I stood over the toilet while she slowly pulled herself off my still-erect pole. She gasped and giggled as I popped out, my cum oozing from her stretched knot for some time. She sat and peed while I started the shower and stepped in, cleaning myself off. She joined me and we kissed deeply and lovingly under the jets for some time before emerging. 

I called room service and ordered a light lunch for us, which I was told would arrive shortly. We lounged about in our plush hotel robes, discussing what we might do with the day when there was a light knock and a pretty voice announcing room service with food. I went to the door and opened it, admitting the cute brunette bellhop again, who beamed a lovely smile as she entered, pushing in the cart with our breakfast.

"Well if it isn't my two favourite guests!" she chirped, bringing the cart farther into the room than one would assume was normal. 

"Oh, Michael, she's delightful, can we keep her?" Lynn exclaimed, rising from her place on the couch and approaching us. Her robe was loose on top and her very full cleavage was leading the way as she approached, her long, supple legs peeking out from the garment as she slinked up. 

The bellhop blushed prettily, her eyes not so subtly fixated on Lynn's breasts. "It's a pity I won't be able to serve you guys anymore today, since I'm off duty after this delivery.." she said in a forlorn tone. 

"Well that just means we won't have to share you, right?" Lynn declared, nodding righteously. "The minute you clock out, get your cute little ass back in here."

"I'd like that," she said warmly, smiling. "We shouldn't fraternize with the guests, but I really want to make an exception for you two."

"I... in... sist..." Lynn purred, coming up to the girl and tracing her finger down the front of the girl's snug uniform to the the lip of her slacks, tugging on it to bring her slightly closer. The girl moved in willingly, her eyes locked with Lynn's. My companion smiled slyly before cupping the bellhop's breast and caressing it through her short jacket. 

"Oh, Michael, she's got boobs under here..." she breathed, clearly excited by her find. She then undid the belt of her robe and let it fall away, standing in all her naked glory. The bellhop, whose name tag indicated she was called 'Kassie', sucked in her breath at the sight of Lynn's body. 

"Oh my god," she whispered quietly, her eyes wide. "I'll go clock out..."

Before she could leave, Lynn took her face by the cheeks and pulled her in for a deep kiss. They both moaned through the liplock before she released our new plaything and allowed her to walk quickly out the door, closing it behind her. Lynn's eyes glinted as she watched Kassie's retreating form. 

"Oh, the things we're gonna do to her..." Lynn said under her breath as she sprawled back on the couch, choosing to remain naked. "Let's eat and get ready for her return."

We ate perhaps a little more hurriedly than we normally would have, but the circumstances seemed to justify the additional haste. We still had time for our coffee and so on, but little of said time was spent in idle chatter. We had not been done with breakfast for more than ten minutes before there was a familiar light knock on the door. I sauntered over and opened it once again, revealing a grinning, obviously excited Kassie, who entered quickly. 

She had not taken more than three steps into our suite before seeing Lynn splayed naked on the large couch. Without another word, she began removing her uniform rapidly, shedding it into a puddle around her feet before walking briskly over and collapsing naked into Lynn's outstretched arms, the two of them kissing hungrily as their bodies melted into one another. 

I walked up to join them and Kassie broke the kiss, leaning up to move aside my robe and pull my cock into her eager mouth. Her ruby-red lipstick ringed my shaft as she hummed, her curly brown hair dancing in ringlets around her pretty face. She gasped around my cock as Lynn's fingers found her wet, silken folds and slid into her slick depths, exploring their new playground. Her other hand began to fondle and caress Kassie's ivory breasts, which fluttered and heaved under her touch. 

Lynn was right, she was a short, plush brunette with great tits. She was significantly shorter than my amazonian lover, barely over five feet. But she had big boobs, a tiny waist and a peach-perfect butt, so there was much fun to be had in pillaging her, I held no doubt. Her brown eyes shone with that wonderful, uninhibited lust that girls who have always lived in a large, sophisticated city environment bring to the sexual table. 

Lynn now joined her in sucking my cock while Kassie's fingers found the blonde's pussy and began teasing it mercilessly. Their tits squirmed and rubbed together, making them both shiver and groan in delight as their bodies pressed. Unable to contain herself, Kassie pulled Lynn's face back to her own and kissed her greedily, her hand working up and down my shaft since she had deprived it of Lynn's mouth momentarily. 

"You two need to know something..." she panted, looking back and forth between us, her eyes fairly glazed with lust. "I love to be used, abused and dominated. Do whatever the hell you like to me, short of breaking anything and I love it. Make sure I almost can't walk out of here."

What Kassie said seemed to trigger something inside Lynn, who's blue eyes shone with a kind of ferocious desire that spread through her body. I smiled when I realized she was looking forward to dominating Kassie while still being physically dominated by me. This was going to be an experience to remember, certainly. 

"You got it, sister..." Lynn said in a husky voice, exiting the tangle of limbs we had become and walking briskly over to one of her myriad shopping bags. While she rummaged around, I took hold of Kassie and forced her to her knees, taking her head and pushing my cock inside her mouth forcefully. She moaned at the entry, her head beginning to bob back and forth. Her tongue swirled around my cock, her eyes goggling up at me. She was holding her hands behind her back, almost as if they were tied there. 

Lynn returned, wearing a large and intimidating strap-on cock, which already glistened with lubrication. It was of considerable length and girth, covered in ridges, knobs and even cilia-like ticklers. She nodded to me and then to the bed, indicating what she had in mind. Without another word I picked up Kassie bodily and turned her upside down. She moaned as I manhandled her but she continued to suck willfully on my cock while I carried her over to the bed and threw her bodily onto it. She tumbled into a heap, gasping in excitement as Lynn crawled onto the bed and came right at her. 

Lynn pinned the smaller girl beneath her, straddling Kassie's chest and leaning forward, slapping the flexible phallus against the brunette's face. Kassie drew it in her mouth eagerly, bobbing back and forth as Lynn squirmed her pussy and ass on our plaything's tits, which glistened with her wetness. I crawled down behind Lynn and began teasing Kassie's pussy with my tongue until she was squirming and writhing, moaning in need. 

Lynn turned around and leaned down Kassie's body now, still pushing her strap-on in and out of the brunette's mouth as she snaked her hands in and used her fingers to stretch Kassie's pussylips apart, affording me a lovely view of her inner pink. Kassie hissed at the stinging pleasure while Lynn pulled them wide, being less than gentle. 

"Alright, let's crack this little patty in half..." my paramour said huskily, her eyes glinting with an unrestrained lust. I nodded and let her roll off before standing up and pulling Kassie to me. She whimpered as I took her into my arms, facing away with my arms hooked under her shoulders. Lynn knelt and fixed Kassie's shins behind my hips and thighs before taking my hard cock and pushing it inside the off-duty valet from beneath. Kassie stiffened and gasped as my iron-hard pole invaded her and she groaned as I let her settle, sinking further onto me. 

"Mmmm, you good and lubed now, my love?" Lynn asked me as she stayed kneeling, watching as my cock slid up inside and back out of Kassie's tight slit. "Alright, phase two, then..." 

Knowing what she had planned, I pulled out of Kassie's pussy and waited while Lynn reached under and deftly pulled her ass cheeks apart. Lynn guided my throbbing head to the tiny puckered knot and Kassie cried out as I pushed inside, slowly and relentlessly. I pulled back on her arms as I arched my back, stretching her spine. She keened as I speared inside her and could feel her joints creaking with the stretch. Her body trembled and shook, her breath ragged. 

Lynn now stood and put her hands on Kassie's hips, looking into the other woman's eyes. Without a word, she pressed the knobbly, tendrilled head of her godemiche and slid it inside in one fluid motion. Kassie shook uncontrollably, gasping as she squeezed her eyes shut, trying to keep from screaming. Tears began to roll down her cheeks from the effort. 

Lynn and I now thrust back and forth inside the tiny girl, stretching her pussy and her ass as we fucked her. I could feel her hands clenching on me, desperately holding on. Her teeth gritted as she tried to breathe, sandwiched tightly between us. She'd told us she liked it rough, but I'm pretty sure sure wasn't quite ready for this. 

Lynn took her by the top of the hair and pulled her head upright, looking into her eyes. The brunette's lovely brown orbs gazed back, welling over with mingled tears of pleasure and exquisite pain. She keened again as I pulled on her limbs, creaking her joints. Lynn kissed her hungrily, their tongues dancing sloppily in the heat of lust. 

Kassie gasped and made a choking sound as Lynn bit her tongue, holding it tight enough to pull it back out of her mouth. Struggling to breathe, Kassie's neck craned forward, even as I pulled backward on her body. My cock pushed deep inside her churning, squeezing ass while the horrific dildo Lynn wore savaged her pussy. We could feel the wetness trickling down our thighs as we fucked her like a helpless rag-doll. 

I don't think I've ever seen a body quite react the way Kassie's did when she came moments later- she convulsed and shook, writhing as violently as she could given that she was pinned between us. Her eyes rolled up into her head and she seemed to faint, even as her body went through the almost seizure-like episode of cumming. She squirted, hard, bathing Lynn and I in her fluids and making a mess of the floor. The guttural sound she made because Lynn was still holding her tongue between her teeth grew weak as she passed from consciousness. 

She went completely limp in my arms and we held her delicately for a few moments, wondering if we'd somehow killed her. Lynn looked at me with a raised eyebrow and I simply shrugged. We would just have to wait and see. We stopped fucking her to gauge what would happen next, though we remained buried deep inside her. 

Almost thirty seconds passed before Kassie stirred, moaning and lolling her head to one side. Lynn breathed a sigh of relief, thankful we wouldn't have to hide a body. Kassie's eyes fluttered open and she looked back and forth between us slowly and smiled. 

"Holy shit..." she whispered, her voice trembling. "You two know how to fuck a girl up..."

Lynn nodded and pulled out of Kassie while I slowly let her down, helping her to stand. We then eased her onto the shag carpet and let her stretch out, something she did delicately at first, but finally with great delight, almost purring. Lynn unstrapped her dildo and settled her hips down over Kassie's face, nestling her gooey pussy to our new plaything's mouth. Kassie gently wrapped her arms around Lynn's thighs and began lapping at her slick lips, her tongue snaking inside. Lynn shivered and sighed, smiling up at me and then pointing down at Kassie's ass again and winking. 

I nodded and knelt between Kassie's legs, taking her by the ankles and pulling them wide. She moaned into Lynn's pussy as I pressed my cockhead against her still-distended ass and slid inside. Her whole body trembled as I pushed in to the hilt and held her. Lynn reached down and began to squeeze her breasts and pinch her nipples, pulling on them. Kassie gasped and began flicking her tongue against Lynn's pink knot while snaking two fingers inside her pussy. 

I pulled her legs wider as I began to slide back and forth inside her ass, pulling them down to the sides. I thought for sure they would pop right out of her hips but she just moaned and squeezed her ass tight around me. Lynn hissed and leaned forward as Kassie reamed her, reaching one hand down to give the smaller girl's pussy a firm squeeze before slapping it, causing her to tremble and yelp. She watched as my cock slid in and out of Kassie's ass, her cum glistening on everything

"Mmmm, you sure know how to toss a girl's salad, darling..." Lynn moaned as Kassie tongued her ass. "I'm so glad we didn't kill you..."

Kassie giggled, even as she gasped at my rough, relentless invasion of her notch. She then inserted two fingers into Lynn's behind, causing my blonde lover to shiver and groan. 

"Oh, fuck..." Lynn said hoarsely, arching her back and pressing down on Kassie's hand. "Michael, can we fucking keep her? Let's smuggle her back in one of our suitcases!"

"Sounds good to me." I replied easily as I slid back and forth inside the brunette. She moaned and ground her ass in circles against my invading cock, squeezing me as tightly as she could before convulsing and moaning into Lynn's gooey pussy. Lynn shuddered and gasped as she came along with Kassie, bathing her face in her juices. I joined them a moment later, pumping my goo into her fluttering ass before we all collapsed together, breathing heavily. Kassie's face was a lovely mess, her mascara streaked along her eyes and cheeks from the tears she had shed, some of ecstasy, some of delicious pain. 
