 Disclaimer: All people depicted engaging in sexual activity are at least 18 years of age. Constructive feedback and critiques are welcome; illiterate flames will be snickered at and deleted. Enjoy!

Chapter 15- An Affair In Its Prime

One of the things I noticed was that while I was perfectly capable of keeping a poker face and betraying nothing (even Xiong had remarked on this), Lynn was not so very good at it. So when other people were around, I tended to keep my distance. Even then, she would often get a blush and a bit of a goofy grin on her face at the sight of me.

Case in point: Xiong was over visiting Lynn one late October afternoon, having been invited over for a barbecue. Lynn and her kids, along with Xiong, were all standing around on her large, mostly-enclosed verandah, while Carter was scorching burgers on their propane grill. I was walking by her house on my way to a hardware store, when she spotted me and waved.

"Hi, neighbor!" she called out, smiling gaily.

I returned the smile and the wave, but kept walking.

"Come and have a burger with us!" Lynn said, prompting Xiong to give her a sidelong glance. Lynn's two kids looked over at me, while Carter kept carbonizing the burgers.

I stopped for a moment, spread my hands out in a gesture and bowed slightly. "Would that I could, it is a most kind offer, but I am on a mission. I'll take you up on it another time."

I then resumed walking.

"What a weirdo..." I heard Xiong say before I was out of earshot.

***

"You need to be more careful, young lady..." I chided, poking Lynn on the nose as I supported her on my thighs, her back resting against the wall of the garage. We were both flushed and panting with the exhilaration of cumming together. My cock was still throbbing inside her, and her beautiful skin glistened with sweat from out exertions. Her eyes were shining with delight and she giggled in response.

"I'm sorry, I get a little carried away sometimes," Lynn breathed, her arms around my neck. Her magnificent breasts were heaving as she tried to relax and come down from her orgasm, which had been a rather intense one for both of us. "I guess having my secret lover walking around my property is like revenge, for the fact that he's had his slut secretary there, you know? An unknown 'in-your-face' to my unfaithful hubby."

"Oh, I was sorely tempted to join, I assure you," I replied, shrugging. "Make no mistake about that. But your eyes and your general expression would give you away. You get a giddy look on your face whenever I'm nearby."

Lynn took a deep breath, composed herself, fixed me with what was meant to be a serious look, and then spoke in a deeper-than-usual voice.

"I'll try to behave myself, sir."

She then dissolved into giggles and snickers, her pussy almost vibrating around me in response to her hysteria. I just rolled my eyes and smiled, shaking my head at her ridiculous response. She hugged me close, still giggling into my shoulder. Oxytocin had a decided effect on her, and I noticed it was more pronounced than ever since we'd admitted we were in love.

Yes, Lynn had always had a humorous side, and it was one of the things that attracted me to her - but back when we were first getting to know one another, she'd been acting in a more stately and sultry manner, at least as much as one could when the dynamic was peeing behind a garage. At that time, she'd been in seductress mode, if you will, and now that we knew we were in love, she was often like a giddy schoolgirl around her crush.

And yes, Sultry Seductress Lynn was still a huge part of her, make no mistake. But now it was sharing headspace with the giddy schoolgirl who was desperately in love and had no poker face. As dichotomies go, it was an awesome one, except when her family was around, but neither of those Lynns was appropriate for me to see.

We kissed again, caressing and fondling each other. I loved the feel of her breasts squashed to me, and I kept pumping my hips slowly, sliding my cock in and out of her, even though she'd drained me of cum. Moments like this, I never wanted to end.

"Seriously, though," I murmured as we continued kissing, my fingers tangling through her long blonde hair. "You need a poker face, lady. That way, you can be near me without arousing suspicion."

"Mmmm, maybe- mmmppphhhh- maybe you have a point," she conceded, kissing me hard. "But just seeing you makes me feel like a new person, Michael... it's not easy."

Our tongues tangled as we kissed deeply and hungrily, not willing to stop making love, even though we'd already climaxed, hard. The desperate need to be closer was always there, never fully sated, even at moments like this. It was like we needed to be inside one another, joined on a cellular level somehow.

She broke the kiss, leaning her forehead against mine and breathing heavily, her eyes closed as she tried to compose herself. I was still pumping slowly against her, and she moved back and forth with her hips in response. God, it felt so amazing to be inside her.

"It's almost... kind of annoying... that you have such a good poker face," she managed to say, her forehead still pressed to mine and her eyes closed. "Because seeing you unable to help yourself at the sight of me would be a thrill."

I smiled and squeezed her butt cheeks. "It is hard, Lynn, but I don't want to wreck things by giving us away. I know we don't see one another often in a social setting, but I don't want to arouse any suspicions whatsoever."

"I know... I know..." she whispered. "And you're right, it's just hard. I'll be better about it somehow."

The darkness concealed us from all view, the only light touching us being silvery rays of the moon overhead. She looked so beautiful in the moonlight. She looked up at me, her face inches from mine, and traced her fingers gently along my cheek and jaw, as if memorizing the features. Her touch was the world to me.

"I'm getting pretty defiant, I know," she whispered. "I just have moments where my temper flares up and I wanna give him some of his own. Like if he held a work party here and invited his whore secretary, I'd want to invite our neighbours, just so you could be here."

"I know what you mean," I assured her, kissing her again, a gesture she melted into and returned tenfold. "Just be good."

She sighed and leaned back now, pressing her head against the wall of the garage and let out a groan of despair while we finally stopped fucking and my cock softened inside her. "Gnnnnn, you're so strong, you big lug. You think it's so easy to- eep!"

Lynn shuddered and her eyes went wide as I smirked evilly and began peeing inside her. She squeezed her eyes shut and bit her lip, holding on but then shuddering through another orgasm.

"Holy shit..." she squeaked, her fingers almost digging into my neck. It didn't matter that her pussy overflowed and I could feel our mingled effluences trickling down my balls and thighs. The release felt wonderful, and Lynn whimpered as she pressed her lips to my neck.

I finished and she sagged on me, sighing long and as loud as she dared. Another shudder as I pulled out, and the bloosh noise of fluids escaping her pussy made her giggle. She looked up at me again, her eyes dancing with delight and love.

"The world's weirdest affair, and I wouldn't have it any other way..." she cooed, rubbing her nose against mine. "I am so in love with you."

I slowly let her down off my thighs and she squatted, leaning back against the wall and relaxing. She massaged her clit while she peed, her gooey pussy still emptying itself. Finally, she stood up, noting that even for us, we'd made a mess. We kissed some more before cleaning ourselves up and promising to text after going to bed.

Lying in bed after a shower, I was smiling as we exchanged messages of love back and forth. Lynn kept sending me naughty pictures of herself, completely naked, with Carter lying on his side next to her, dead asleep. She mused I could probably fuck her in the bed right next to him and he wouldn't wake up.

"I know, I know, don't get any funny ideas," she said, sending a picture of her rolling her eyes. "Even if he didn't wake up, my son would smell the sex pheromones from a whole state away. He's been stealing mine and his sister's panties again. Doesn't he know you've got dibs, dammit?"

 She then sent me a video from her bathroom, where she was sitting down and peeing. She smiled naughtily as she spread her legs, then her pussylips, and gave me a good view of the action. I don't know why Lynn doing this was such a turn-on, but it was. I wasn't normally into that sort of thing.

"Lynn, you could have been bathing in virgin's blood and I'd still be aroused by you. You have that singular effect on me."

"Oh, I'm Elizabeth Báthory now, is that it?" she teased, now standing in front of the full-length mirror on the back of her bathroom door and showing off her phenomenal body. For a woman of forty, she was in exquisite shape. "You're gonna have to get me really turned on if that's a kink you wanna explore, champ!"

I called her a dork and she giggled and returned to bed. We said our goodnights and I finally dozed off, wondering when I'd see my blonde goddess next.

***

The next morning, it turned out.

I woke from a deep sleep to a pleasant sensation between my legs, a wet warmth around my cock. I smiled and stretched, knowing instinctively what I was feeling. I opened my eyes and Lynn winked at me while kneeling over my hips, her mouth bobbing up and down on my hard cock. She was wearing one of her running outfits, which told me it was around six in the morning, and she was ostensibly exercising and had snuck in my side door to wake me.

"Mmmmmmm, sorry, my love," she mumbled around a mouthful of cock, making delightful slurping noises. "But I needed you, so badly."

"I'm not objecting," I replied, reaching down and caressing her cheek, neck, and the long ponytail she was holding her blonde hair in. "A guy could get used to being woken up like this."

"Mmm, good," she purred, massaging her hand along my shaft just behind her lips, using a gentle twisting motion on the skin. "I can't take long, but I'll fuck you, we can cum quickly, and then I gotta go, okay? Just a quickie to start our day right?"

I simply nodded, finally noticing that Lynn had already snaked her hand down inside her jogging shorts and was massaging her pussy. She was nice and ready when she peeled them off, leaving her sneakers, her sports bra and her headband on when she clambered over my hips, facing down my body. I watched in fascination as she took hold of my rod, steadying it while she pressed it to her pliant lips, teasing it around for a few moments and moaning.

Then she settled down, her hungry pussy swallowing my cock readily. Lynn hissed in pleasure until she bottomed out. I could feel her sticky wetness against my groin, her lips split wide by my penetration. She stayed still for a few moments, savouring the feel of me inside her. Then she began moving up and down, sighing as I slid in and out. It was hypnotic to watch, the sounds intoxicating as we began fucking.

"I'm sorry I'm facing away, but if I look down at you, I might not leave soon, lover..." she breathed, flexing her ass cheeks each time she pushed down. Her hands were resting on my thighs, squeezing them as she rode me. "But God, you feel so good first thing in the morning."

I reached down and began fondling her ass cheeks, massaging them in circles or pulling them apart to give her a stretch, making her shiver and whimper. My thumbs teased her puckered rose knot and she gasped, her entire body reacting.

"Gnnn, naughty..." she said breathily, moving up and down with more vigour now. "You in my ass is gonna have to wait for another time, my love. But mmmmm, what you do to me..."

I began pushing my hips up and down, sinking deeper inside her and she grunted and almost doubled over before managing to right herself and continue fucking me. Her pussy squeezed each time she went down, a delightful, slippery vise around my throbbing member. Her body, which had already been warm with sweat from running, was now shining with it, and her breathing was heavy. She lifted her halter and began groping and massaging her breasts, shivering as she teased and pinched her nipples.

Lynn squeaked as I smacked her ass, and she looked back at me, her eyes glazed with lust.

"Yes, love," she panted, pumping faster on me now. "Smack it again! Gnnnnn, just like that, yes! Ah!"

Her up-and-down motion was soon replaced by churning and bucking, her movements almost wild and her breath coming in gasps. She was riding me hard and fast now, both of us determined to cum soon and cum hard. It wouldn't be long now; I could feel her starting to flutter and clench around me, a sure sign of her impending climax. I grabbed her waist and pulled her down as hard as I could while pushing up with my hips, spearing deep inside her.

Lynn arched her back and shook violently before screeching through clenched teeth as the dam burst and we lost all control. My cum pumped deep inside her, while her pussy gripped me fiendishly, slathering my middle with her frothy essence. She bucked madly before collapsing backward on me, shuddering and breathing heavily. Her mouth found mine and she kissed me fiercely while I groped and squeezed her tits, still pushing myself in and out of her.

She broke the kiss finally, panting like she'd run a marathon. She lay on top of me silently for close to a minute before stirring. She turned her head to look at me, a smile of serenity playing over her angelic features. I was so in love with this woman.

"My God, I want to be married to you..." she whispered, nuzzling her nose against me. "How perfect would that be?"

She slowly sat up with my help, shivering again as she sank down on my still-hard cock and sat there for several moments, trying to compose herself. Finally she pulled herself off of me, and turned around to kneel over my cock, pushing her mouth down on it and sucking our mingled cum off until I was cleaned. Finished at last, she beamed a smile at me before standing up and beginning to pull her jogging shorts up and her sports bra down.

"Endorphins from a runner's high: that's it." Lynn announced, winking at me. "Hope you enjoyed that as much as I did, champ. I'll message you when I'm safely back in my house and showered. Love you!"

And then she was gone. I rubbed my face with my hands and moaned, enjoying the last of the sensations my unexpected by welcome orgasm had brought. She was right, though; every morning should begin that way.

And I couldn't have agreed more about being married to her. Because that would be perfect.

Considering everything I had out of this arrangement, I felt slightly guilty for wanting more.

***

"So, my daughter caught me as I came in," Lynn texted to me after a little bit. "Talk about awkward."

"She doesn't suspect anything, does she?" I asked, vaguely concerned.

"No, but she wanted to know why I was more flushed than normal and smelled like a woman in heat." Lynn replied. "I blushed and told her that sometimes runner's high made me horny and I'd stopped in an alleyway to get myself off before I exploded. I had meant to take a shower before anyone smelled me."

"Quick thinking."

"Yeah, she giggled, and said she understood, called me a dork and told me I better shower before my son smelled me. She knows about him and what a horndog he is. We giggled together and then I went to shower. I'm in the clear, don't worry."

"Good to hear," I replied. "Your daughter sounds pretty well-adjusted."

"Well, I know she's sexually active, and I don't mind, as long as she's careful, and doesn't date jerks who'll hurt her. I know she gets tested every six months or so, because we get a bill for it on our insurance. She's a smart kid. Have I mentioned yet in this conversation how in love with you I am?"

"Not as such, no, but I'm perfectly willing to hear you out."

"Well, I am very, very in love with you, good sir. You know who else is?"

"Whom?"

Seconds later, a close-up picture of her pussy, being spread wide by two fingers so that I had a wonderful view of her coral-pink interior, showed up on my phone. This was followed by a ten-second video of her fingers caressing her netherlips and clit, sometimes dipping inside her.

"Mmmm, this hungry girl right here... she's very, very in love, just so you know."

"I'm pretty sure my roomie is in love with her, too," I answered, feeling my cock harden at the sight of her teasing herself. "Will I be privileged to see you again today?"

"I'll be honest, I don't know yet. I have to do some awful church women fundraising stuff. What's really horrid is that not only are we planning bakes sales and stuff like that, but we also end up having little discussion groups and talk about our marriages. Gah."

 "I'm sorry, beautiful."

 "My church has a decidedly complementarian mindset, so I have to talk about what a good husband, father, provider and spiritual leader for our household Carter is, smiling through clenched teeth the entire time while I say it. And people at my church think he's so wonderful, and so devoted, and how lucky I am to have him."

 "That does indeed sound irksome."

 "And all these other women get up and talk, and some talk about problems they are having with their kids or their husbands, and everyone points me out as a model of motherhood and wifely devotion, blah blah blah..."

 "Lynn, are you feeling guilty?"

 "Oh, Hell no! I'm just annoyed that they're so deceived by Carter! If I opened up about him and what he's doing, our church would implode. And there are a lot of great people who don't deserve that. So I'll keep his dirty little secret, and I'll be having my own. Damn right!"

 I watched while she continued messaging me. She clearly needed to explain something, or at least get it off her chest. Lynn was a very bright woman, and I'm sure she had this planned out and handled.

"So I'll keep in touch today, if nothing else. But if I can manage to see you, damn right I will, slugger."

 "That's what I want to hear. Have a good day, babe. I love you."

 "Mmmm, I'm in love with you, Michael..."

 Our conversation ended with another ten-second clip from Lynn of her fingering her pussy and moaning quietly from some location inside her house. I saved it and then got on with my day, since I had to work too.

***

My day dragged on like a dog's ass across a shag carpet. Endless numbers of escalated calls came my way, either because customers were particularly needy and stupid that day, or just my reps were apathetic and not trying to hard. Either was possible, both very likely. Hey, what do you expect from people when you pay them minimum wage and plunk them in a soul-crushing work environment?

I kept thinking of Lynn and looking at pictures and videos of her on my phone. They cheered my up, especially when I had some crazed customer screaming in my ear. I watched a video she'd made of her fucking the gearshift of her vehicle, fascinated to see the knob moving under her skin. I almost lost track of my customer's complaint, but I didn't blame myself. The person was a moron who didn't understand their bill.

A ten-hour shift passed, and I finally made my way home. I'd texted back and forth with Lynn a few times, but her day had seemed more involved than she was willing to let on. I gave her space, in case she needed to just decompress.
