 I felt Lynn stir next to me and rolled over on my side to smile at her. She hummed and did likewise, smiling at me dreamily, her body close to mine. I took her hand and kissed it gently. She mouthed the words "I love you" to me and I nodded and responded in kind. I then I pulled her to me and we kissed deeply and lovingly, our bodies warm and melding together perfectly. 

She rolled onto her back and I laid on top of her. She moaned as I pushed my hard cock into her wet, pliant pussy. We kissed as I undulated on her, sliding in and out while she squeezed me. We whispered to one another, confessing our love and devotion. We did this now freely and without reservations. It sent our hearts soaring to hear one another say it. 

We strained against one another and groaned as we came together, lost in rapture. Then we lay still, panting and caressing gently. She felt so good around me and against me, the woman I loved so very much. A great weight had seemed to fall away from me when I had admitted to her last night that I was in love with her and had been for some time. She had made the confession first and knowing that my feelings were requited was, quite simply, the best thing I'd ever heard. 

I finally rolled off her but kept her hand in mine, looking at the ceiling. We said nothing for some time before I sighed and turned on my side again, smiling her. 

"Lynn, you made me the happiest man alive when you told me you were in love with me," I said gently. "I hate saying it, but I know you still need to fix our marriage. I'm still holding to my promise. I love you too much not to." 

She said nothing for some time but finally turned her head to look at me, her eyes glassy. "Thank you for relieving me of the burden of broaching that topic," she said softly. "I resolved last night after your confession to forget about it until today, since I just wanted to enjoy being freely in love with you. Problem is, I'm more conflicted than ever now." 

I nodded. "Lynn, it was weeks ago that I admitted to myself that I was in love with you. It didn't change anything, I was still determined to honour our agreement. I've been given the privilege of loving you, even if it was only for a set amount of time, and that's more than I should ever be allowed to ask for and more than I deserve. I-" 

She put a finger to my lips gently, keeping me from talking. Her eyes shone with love and her smile was soft but still dazzling. "Michael, you are the kindest and most caring man I or anyone else knows. You're a million times more than someone like me deserves. But you're wrong, it's me who has had the privilege of loving you. I don't think you could understand how much the past two seasons have meant to me." 

She cupped my cheek in her hand, a tear trickling down her face. "The night I realized or at least admitted to myself I was in love with you, I wept for hours. I felt so conflicted and even cheated. I was even more torn apart by how you must have felt, or at least how I thought you'd feel if you were in love the same way I was. I did my best to hide it, I really did. But last night was too much. If I didn't tell you, I would have burst." 

She smiled through tears. "I don't know what to do, Michael. I don't have any clue whatsoever. I love you so much..." 

I pulled her to me and held her against my chest as she wept, calming myself and not letting my own rampaging emotions get the better of me. Lynn needed me to be strong, even if that isn't what either of us wanted. I caressed her and kissed the top of her forehead. 

"Everything's changed, Lynn," I whispered. "Everything and nothing. Our little affair will be more wonderful than ever, but the plan hasn't changed. This, what we've admitted to, it just makes our time together more precious." 

She looked up at me and her eyes were now red from crying. She was as beautiful as I'd ever seen her. "How, Michael? How can you be so strong?" 

I shook my head slightly. "I think I'm faking it, Lynn. There's nothing I want more than to take you for my own, to marry you and make you my wife, believe me. But that's not how things are going to play out. They can't play out that way." 

Her eyes seemed almost distant and she considered my words. "Your wife..." 

"You have a husband," I said as firmly as I could. "A husband who may be a dumbass, but he's your husband. You have your children. Your life is about fixing this, Lynn." 

She bit her lip, choking back tears. "And you, my dearest love? What about you?" 

I used my thumb to wipe a tear away from her eye. "I'm getting to love you. What have I got to complain about?" 

She rested her face on my chest and sighed deeply, saying nothing for close to a minute. She finally looked up at me. "I don't know, Michael. I hate saying this, but if this is what's meant to be, you might have to be the strong one for the two of us. I don't know if I have what it takes." 

"Well, it's not like we have to worry about it just yet," I pointed out. "You've got two years of his infidelity to make up for. Hell, by then you might be sick of me." 

She giggled and kissed my chest. "Your practicality could be quite infuriating, sir. So you're suggesting that for the rest of this trip we devote absolutely no thought to the future and simply enjoy being in love as much as possible?" 

"That is quite possibly the best idea I've ever heard, Lynn," I said, grinning. "We don't think about anything beyond this trip until we're back home. Deal?" 

"Deal." Lynn said as she pulled me close and kissed me lovingly. 

*** 

We were interrupted by a flash and a massive crack of thunder outside that actually shook our hotel room. Lynn yelped in shock and held a hand over her heart, her eyes wide as she tried to calm herself. I laughed jovially at her comical reaction.  

"You're not supposed to laugh, you big bully," she groused, swatting me on the arm. "I nearly pissed myself!" 

"Thank God for kegels, then," I replied cheerfully. We turned and looked out the window, noticing now that it was absolutely pouring outside. Even at this height in the hotel, the downpour was so heavy that you could barely see more than a few feet. I got up and went to our window, still completely naked and examined the tempest. 

"That ain't ending any time soon," I mused, putting my hands on my hips. "Can't believe we were so busy making out that we didn't notice." 

Lynn joined me, slipping her arm into mine and holding on to me while she looked outside. "Wow, look at that," she breathed. "We should wear disposable clothing and go outside, like crazy lovers in the rain." 

"Just what I was thinking," I agreed. "And then tonight I'm spoiling you with candles, a bath and all the massages you can handle." 

Her face lit up in delight. "Okay, so we'll go outside and get drenched and find some food, then come back here and pamper one another until we fall asleep in one another's arms." 

Disposable outfits meant cargo shorts and a t-shirt for me and a jean skirt, t-shirt and water-proofed leather jacket for her. We both just wore sneakers, since any shoes we put on would doubtless be waterlogged for the foreseeable future. I slipped my wallet and any other necessities into a small ziploc baggie to protect them and we exited the room, looking forward to our little romp. 

The concierge wanted to know if he could call a cab for us, since the weather was so bad, but we declined, stating that we were doing for a walk in the rain and would see them later. He seemed to think we were crazy, but shrugged and wished us well as we stepped out the doors. 

The torrent of rain had us laughing at our insanity moments after we went into it. The streets were already awash with standing water, the few cars still on the roads sending up huge sprays as they forced their way along. We were utterly soaked within five seconds but didn't care, laughing gaily. I pulled Lynn to me and kissed her deeply, the two of us standing alone on the practically abandoned street. A car honked at us as it drove by, drenching us with the spray it kicked up. 

Lynn grabbed my hand and ran down the street, not a care in the world. We laughed and yelled "I love you!" to one another as we defied the elements. The sky was growing darker as the storm grew worse, punctuated by blinding flashes and street-shaking peals of thunder. A narrow alley up ahead was gushing out water almost like a river and Lynn shrieked with laughter as she pulled me into it, the racing water almost up to her knees. She pulled me to her and I pressed my beloved to the wall, the two of us kissing hungrily, moaning into one another's mouths. 

Lynn undid my shorts and hiked her skirt up over her hips as we kissed. Knowing there was little or no chance of anyone seeing us in the downpour, even though we were no more than ten feet into the alley, I pressed my already hard cock against her pussy and slid in. Lynn groaned loudly and bit my shoulder, stepping out of her drenched skirt, which pooled at my feet. She wrapped her legs around me and began to thrust back against me, matching my strokes. I fucked her hard, thumping her lower back against the brick wall of the building I had her pinned to. 

The rain was not cold but not exactly warm, either, yet neither of us took any notice. Her rock-hard nipples pressed into my chest as our tongues tangled. Her hands ran through my wet hair while I held her steady by her ass cheeks. Lynn gasped and moaned into my mouth as we fucked, pushing harder and harder against one another. The downpour and the force of the water rushing against my legs was thrilling in a way I could not describe. We'd never been closer to fucking in public than this. 

I began shuffling closer to the street, moving Lynn along the wall as I continued to plow in and out of her. She moaned in delight as she realized what I meant to do. As we got closer and closer to our mutual ecstasy, I turned the corner and pressed her against the outer wall of the building. We were truly fucking in public, exposed on the street. There were no pedestrians and we were beyond hearing or caring if any cars went by. There was only our rapidly approaching orgasm. 

I pounded harder and harder into her, Lynn gasping and almost yelping as she squeezed my cock fiercely. I pressed her ass hard as I could into the wall, pushing with my toes as I went deeper than ever inside her... 

There was a flash of lightning and a huge thunderclap overhead as she bit my shoulder again and screamed loudly while she came, her pussy clenching me so tight I almost got dizzy from it. I slammed myself inside her, shooting thick ropes of my cum deep into her, growling in her ear as I did so. 

"Michael!" she wailed as she threw her head back, resting it against the wall and shouting at the sky. Her eyes were wide, the deep endless blue of them like sapphires glowing under a light. She pressed her pussy to me as hard as she could, her netherlips squishing against the base of my cock. We strained silently, all our effort gone into becoming one as much as possible. 

I collapsed against her and held her close, the two of us kissing tiredly, the rain pounding down on us. Our chests heaved from our exertions, my cock still twitching inside her gooey womanhood. A car thundered by, honking in approval but also splashing us as it drove past. We broke out laughing and I slowly let her down, making sure she was standing steadily. She squatted down with her legs spread, massaging her pussy and peeing for a moment before wiggling her skirt back to its proper place and beamed at me in delight. 

"Can you believe we just fucked in public, my love?" she asked grandly, her eyes dancing. She giggled in glee and crushed herself to me, hugging me tight. "Oh my God, I want to do that again and again and again!" 

I hugged her and kissed the top of her head. Even soaking wet in a torrential downpour, she was still the most beautiful woman I had ever seen- so alive and vital, with crystalline eyes and perfect skin, the smile of an angel and bursting with joy. I was so lucky to be with her and I told her so in no uncertain terms. She kissed me lovingly and smiled again. 

"C'mon," she said, loud enough to be heard over the downpour while I pulled my shorts back up. "Let's go find something to eat!" 

Hand-in-hand, we jogged through the rain, looking for places that might serve breakfast. We eventually came across a restaurant that advertised all-day breakfast and stepped inside. The restaurant was empty, except for the waitstaff, who seemed amazed to see us, especially soaking wet. One girl asked if we were looking to dine and we said we were. She asked us to wait for a moment and went into the back of the restaurant. She was gone about a minute but came back with four large, dry towels that she handed to us, asking if we'd like to dry off. We did so gratefully and she sat us at a booth once we were a little less damp. 

She was our server and her name was Naomi. She asked what the heck we were doing wandering around in this ungodly weather and Lynn replied that we were staying at the hotel nearby and simply wanted to get out and have some fun. Lynn ordered coffee for us both telling Naomi to make sure it was as strong as possible and to keep it coming. The girl nodded and hurried off. 

"You must be famished, Michael," Lynn said gently, putting her hand on mine. "We've had such a busy morning! You make sure you eat as much as you need, okay?" 

"As long as you don't try to pretend you're some delicate girl who eats nothing," I replied. "I hope you eat heartily, so that I don't kill you accidentally when we fuck." 

Lynn giggled. "I eat healthy, but I eat lots of healthy, I promise. I have a good appetite, just you watch." 

Naomi returned with our coffee and we began ordering. We both started out with large bowls of muesli and fresh croissants, which were apparently baked here on the premises. I then ordered Eggs Benedict and a breakfast steak, along with scrambled eggs, sausage and bacon. Lynn giggled and Naomi's eyes got wider as my order grew. Lynn then asked for two orders of eggs, two orders of turkey bacon and lots of fresh fruit, along with a muffin. Naomi seemed incredulous but went and rang in the order. 

"You're gonna have to leave her a really nice tip, we might be all she gets today," Lynn remarked, looking around at our environs. "Nice little place, isn't it?" 

I nodded. "We should keep it in mind for the next time we come down. God, Lynn, there's so many things I want to do now, now that we've admitted how we feel. I mean, I wanted to do them anyway, but I really didn't feel like I could because we hadn't admitted we were in love." 

She laughed. "I know, right? I've been in love with you for weeks and apparently you have too. Think of all the time we could have saved ourselves." 

"Don't remind me," I muttered. "Xiong is going to freak when she finds out, so is Eileen." 

"Ooh, that's right," Lynn said, her eyes lighting up. "I can't wait to tell them. They'll both be thrilled, since neither of them like Carter at all." 

"We'll have to bring Xiong down with us some time," I mused. "Imagine the fun we can have in Chinatown." 

Lynn giggled. "Oh, she'll have the time of her life, even if she doesn't speak a lick of Cantonese or Mandarin. With the two of us on your arms, wearing those slinky cheongsams, you'll be the envy of every man in Chinatown, possibly Chicago." 

"I'm betting on the latter." I replied, smiling as our coffee arrived. I thanked Naomi and filled Lynn's cup. She sipped at it and grew pensive. 

"So what do you think might have been different if we'd admitted we were in love a few weeks ago?" she mused, looking into her cup, as if looking for the answer there. 

"More crazy rain escapades, obviously," I answered. "To be honest, I think we would have done everything the same, just more passionate confessions of love along the way. Couldn't really act any more wild or crazy back home, since everyone knows you." 

"True," she admitted, smiling and mouthing a thank you to Naomi as she presented the croissants and muesli to us. She giggled. "Let's get the talking out of the way now, because I'm pretty sure I don't want to interrupt you once you dig in to your main course." 

We laughed and discussed what we'd want to do and visit the next time we were down this way, since it was obvious that needed to happen. We hadn't spent enough time in Chinatown and had not visited any museums, art galleries or institutes yet. We were both big fans of refined culture and this needed to be remedied during our next trip. 

"I'm not sure that I've ever felt in-love quite the way I do now," Lynn mused as she pulled her croissant apart and ate it. "I remember loving Carter, how it felt, but it was nothing like this, a heady exhilaration and thrill of something feeling so... right." 

I nodded. "I hear you. I felt love and but only sometimes contentment with my ex, always treading carefully and worrying about what if I lost her love and so on. But this is different in every way I can think of. It's addicting, isn't it?" 

"Completely," Lynn agreed. "If I could feel this way forever, I'd be quite happily put in stasis." 

Food arrived and I was indeed grateful, because I seemed to be ravenous. Lynn giggled as she watched me eat, because I wasn't being rude and wolfing down my meal by any means, but steady consumption certainly seemed the order of the day. 

"Good God," she chuckled. "You're relentless at eating, it's no wonder I love having you go down on me." 

I looked around for a moment while masticating on my food. "D'you think they'd let us go at it somewhere in here?" 

Her eyes widened and then she looked pensive. "I suppose we could ask. I've never fucked in a Chicago diner before, or any diner for that matter." 

"We'd also never fucked in a lingerie shop or a strip club, but we've crossed those off the list." I pointed out. 

"Correction, I've never fucked in a lingerie shop or a strip club before," Lynn said. "I refuse to believe that you never have, you man whore." 

"Guilty as charged," I replied, seeing no point in denying it. "Think Naomi'd be the right person to ask?" 

In response, Lynn beckoned over our waitress and spoke to her quietly. 

"Sweetheart, I have a question for you," she began. "Michael and I have recently admitted to one another that we are madly in love and we have been celebrating by making love in all sorts of wild locations here in Chicago. I want to know, if we wanted to do something here inside the diner, would you be the right person to ask or your manager? Who's more likely to be accommodating?" 

Naomi was speechless for a few moments before she pulled a chair up to the booth and sat, deep in thought. 

"You're gonna have to give me a second, this is a new one for me," she said quietly. "So, you two... you want to... do it in the restaurant somewhere." 

We both nodded. 

"Because you've confessed to being in love." 

"Precisely," Lynn confirmed. "We came in soaking wet because we decided to celebrate our love by going crazy in the rain. We even made love on the street during the downpour because who the heck was going to see us?" 

Naomi drew a deep breath. "I mean, I guess since we're not gonna have anyone else come in today as long as the weather's like this, I have no problem with it, but there's the rest of the staff, too. I have no idea about how they'll react. And what are the rest of us supposed to do while you're, um, busy?" 

Lynn shrugged. "If they want to watch, I don't mind, as long as they're not trying to record it. We'll probably want at least two people recording using our phones anyway, so we can remember it." 

"This is so weird." Naomi said, shaking her head back and forth. 
