 Introduction

Some simple background information always makes for easier reading.

This story is true. Name and detail changes have been necessary for obvious reasons.

To set the stage, we had known each other for years. She was in the midst of trial separation, I had just ended a long-term dating relationship; she had children, and we were both, quite obviously, in the need of affection - the kind of affection one can only get through intimacy. We were both vulnerable for what happened - starving for physical contact. 

Marie was an absolutely beautiful 35 year-old woman. Trim, but not toned. She was the mother of three young children. She had kept herself trim by watching her intake. She did not, however, freak about working out.

As for myself, I was 28. I lived next door in the house where I grew up. When I was 25, my parents had been killed in an accident while on vacation, so the house was left to me. I'm a self-described average guy. Average in height, weight, and yes, length of cock. I'm not going to tell you that I carry 8 or 9 inches, because I don't.

So what did we do? We became lovers of convenience, or what today would be referred to as "fuck buddies."

The Beginning

Marie and I had always hit it off well. Our contact was always what would be considered appropriate – you know, the kiss-on-the-cheek greeting, the occasional hug. There was, however, that sixth-sense nature in our relationship. Each seemed to know what the other was thinking, about to say, or might do. 

I had always been the go-to guy for Marie. Odd jobs never having been Joe's forte, I'd get the call, before and after he left the scene.

It was a warm, early November day on the cape, nothing telltale in that, we could have been sweltering or up to our asses in snow. Marie gave me a call and asked that I look into why a slider wasn't closing properly. Nothing major, it had just slipped off the track. I had it fixed in minutes. Rather than head out the door, I sat to have a cocktail with her. Conversation led to how we were dealing with our lives, and of course, since we had that knowing relationship, the subject of sex crept right into the dialogue.

I had always marveled at how easily we handled what others would think of as very personal subject matter. In the beginning, I was the one asking the pointed questions. In time, she followed suit with little effort. A typical conversation, laced with laughter and rib-poking, would carry such phrases as "How's your dick handling all that hand action?" I would follow with "Not bad, have you been giving yourself a workout with those dildos?" We had that relationship that wasn't about disarming the other, but rather lowering the formality to a comfort level. We could discuss things that to others would be taboo. 

While having our second cocktail, and getting a little loser, we started confiding to one another about our mutual horniness, and our frequent solo releases. She wanted to know how often I did it, and of course, I wanted to know all about her self-satisfaction schedule. Could I watch? Could I help? She asked the same questions of me. It was all talk, or so we convinced ourselves inwardly. Neither of us had gotten laid in two months and we were definitely feeling it. We teased each other with innuendo to the point where, without so much as a handshake, I thought I'd cum in my pants.

I had to leave. When I got up, I gave her a kiss goodnight, but the kiss didn't break. Our usual quick peck became a full-fledged, spit-swapping tongue dual that left us both breathless. I'd never felt that much blood rush to my cock so quickly. When our lips parted we were both wondering what had just happened. Before we could advance or retreat however, we heard noises from the playroom that had to be dealt with soon. Marie's children, aged 9, 7, & 5, had been watching a movie on their VHS, and were about to head up to bed. My presence was not out of character. I was always Uncle Will from next door. Marie quickly put them to bed, leaving us to, at first awkwardly, then comfortably, talk about what had happened and where it might lead. 

We sat next to each other in her darkened living room talking quietly, making the conversation last until we knew the kids would be asleep, or at least that's how I saw it. When we came together again, we were all hands. I couldn't take it any longer, so I just leaned in and kissed her, hard!

I know, it was supposed to be gentle and slow, warm and intimate, but we were both love-starved. No, I take that back, we were sex starved! With the confidence usually shared between longtime lovers, we removed each other's clothes, pausing only to pay homage, if you will, to a particular asset. 

Marie was small-breasted, just filling a B cup. Her nipples however were conical and long, and more sensitive than any I've made love to, before or since. She could have an explosive orgasm through nipple stimulation alone. I know because she had several before I ever got to her belt buckle. When I did get that buckle open and slid her jeans down, her white cotton panties were soaked through. Even her jeans were wet. I stayed at eye level to her pussy as I lowered her panties. She had quite a growth of pubic hair, but that didn't deter me. I lowered her back down onto the edge of the sofa then feasted on that wonderfully tasting center of her sex. She gasped loudly, "What are you doing?" I suppose I had a bewildered look when I responded that I was eating her pussy. That bewildered look turned to shock when she confided that she'd never been eaten before. 

I knew that Joe had been her high school sweetheart, but I didn't know she'd been a virgin walking down the aisle. If I had, I wouldn't have been surprised to discover that a little oral action, even as a form of foreplay, had never been offered by either. He had even told her that he thought licking her pussy to be unsanitary – his loss, my gain! Wow!

I tongue-loved her clitoris for at least a half hour. She was breathless, but not so much so that she didn't ask me to fuck her. Her words! So, fuck her, I did, and filled her with an enormous load. When the urgency decreased, we slowed to a tempo more consistent with making love. 

We never slept a wink, but never broke away from each other for almost four hours. Yes, we'd take a breather, but we'd talk & touch, then kiss & fondle. She brought me back to full, bursting rigidity six times that evening before she made the decision that we should save some for the next day. Truth be told, we were both sore. But, even then, we stayed in each other's arms for a long time. 

Marie's inexperience left me perplexed, so I asked about it. Joe was her first and only bedmate (as it turned out, I was her lover). She started to quiver when we talked about her feelings when I ate her. She said she'd never felt anything like it. Joe had masturbated her (somewhat), but had never brought her to the heights she'd just reached. She wanted to know how I was able to stand having so much hair in my mouth. I told her the first thing that came to mind, "let me give you a trim the next time. We'll both enjoy the feeling, even more." She paused, then said, "we'll see." I discovered much later, she wasn't considering whether or not to do it, but rather how much to do. It seems I was unleashing a tigress and didn't know it.

As I said earlier on, I'm the average 6-inch guy. I've been told that my thickness is what separates me from others. I've never even tried to determine my circumference. What I rely upon is the fact that Marie was never able to get her hand completely around it.

When I finally did get up to leave that night (it was morning, actually), it wasn't until she'd lovingly bathed my cock and balls. She handled it (me) as you would handle a treasure. She said, "I'm taking very special care of this. It's given me so much pleasure, I don't know what else to do." Of course, I bathed her as well. And yes, when she allowed her eyes to briefly close, I managed to slide my tongue across her clitoris one more time. That brought her back to reality rather quickly. She jumped to her feet, telling me that she'd be bleeding for a week if we ventured back to lovemaking. In all of her nakedness, she walked me through her darkened house to the back door. When we kissed, my hands lingered softly on her butt cheeks. We almost couldn't break contact, but part we did, with promises from us both that we'd talk tomorrow morning (she'd call me) after her children were off to school.

Neither of us found any difficulty falling into a deep sleep that night. We had both reached indescribable levels of orgasmic release. It's a wonder we hadn't just passed out. 

The Next Day

I awoke with Marie's call. I was sure she'd still be tucked in, were it not for getting the kids off to school. She wanted to come over and talk. Being a work-at-home manufacturers' rep, I was there most of the time. Marie stopping over was not unusual or unwelcome. We set a time, allowing me to make myself presentable.

Marie showed up about 9:15, coffee in hand. If you can be bubbly and shy all at the same, she was that. Someone else might be confused, but not me. The bubbly aspect had everything to do with just having visited new levels of release. The shy side was all about how we would handle our new relationship. I handled that right away. I took her softly into my arms, kissed her deeply, not roughly, and then told her that I had had the best experience of my life with her. I told her that I hoped she felt the same. But, if she didn't, I wanted to know right now so as not to ruin our friendship.

We talked, just talked, for an hour and a half. Basically, we talked about her separation, and whether they would get back together. She hoped that they would. She was most concerned for her children, and wanted them growing up with their biological father at home with them. I understood. Joe was still out there somewhere, finding himself. She wasn't sure when he might come back. It wouldn't be soon. He was overseas. As an engineer, he often traveled abroad in his position as a troubleshooter in oil exploration.

When the dust settled, we agreed that we would continue to visit just as we had last night, as often as either of us wanted. I confessed that I'd probably be knocking on her door more often than she on mine. She countered with, "Really, well who knocked on whose door this morning?" Then she just about knocked me over with her next comment. 

"You know, Will, if you're going to continue eating my pussy – and I hope you do – you're going to have to give me a haircut. I don't want it all off. I have to stay respectable, you know, for my doctor, and Joe for when he comes back."

"So what's respectable?" That immediate reply was a change in the conversation tempo. She answered, "well, you know."

"No, I don't. Show me."

"Right here, now?" she replied. "You want me to show you? You want me to strip?"

"Just your pants and underwear will do," I said.

I had all the tools at hand for this little procedure. My former girlfriend liked to be baby-smooth, and I was her barber. 

I explained my experience level, and Marie seemed very much at ease with the situation. She was a little shy about it, but complied, and soon I was once again looking into that thick forest. I had her sit on the edge of the couch, and explained that just thinning the upper part would leave her with the "respectable" amount of hair she had talked about. My drawing a pattern with my finger sent a bit of a shiver through her. I explained that if we left a thinned-out patch above her pussy, in the shape of an inverted triangle, and then cleaned everything else off, she'd be happy and comfortable with the look, no matter who saw it.

She started getting a little shy again, leaning back and staring at the ceiling. I broke her trance saying, "Stay right here, we'll have this done in 15 minutes." Before she could react, I was kneeling between her now-spread legs, working my battery operated mustache trimmer with length attachment. Of course, the trimmer was having the expected (and desired) effect on her. She was becoming noticeably wet.

I achieved the maximum trim, and then got out my shaving mug and brush. Again, Marie showed some hesitation, but this time from the fear of a razor blade being worked so close to her most tender of lips. I assured her of my experience and the level of care I would use. I placed a hot washcloth over her entire pubic area, then repeated the same procedure twice more. I wanted the remaining hair to be soft and receptive to the razor.

When I lathered her, I did so from just above her triangle, all the way down to her cute little rosebud. She wanted to know why I was way 'down there', but I just told her I needed plenty of lather to work with and not to distract me with questions right now. Boy, did that get her attention. She didn't move a muscle or breathe another word for the next 5 minutes. I sensed that she wanted to say something, especially when I shaved her all the way down to and including the hair on her ass. She stayed still, out of fear of distracting me.

After finishing, I once again gave her the washcloth treatment, and then passed her a hand mirror. As she was inspecting herself, I was putting away my tools and noticed something in my bag that my former girlfriend had liked. I had several of these little teasers in my bag, all new and in packages. I thought this would be a good time to introduce Marie to a little kink.

She started to get up, but I stopped her, saying I should be allowed to sample my handiwork while it was fresh. I went right down on her, licking and sucking. She was already hotter than a fire poker and melted at my touch. While I was sucking her clit, I was applying a little Vaseline around her rosebud, telling her when she asked that I was applying something that would save her from any discomfort associated with having just been shaved there. She seemed okay with that explanation and went back to enjoying my ministrations. When I got her to the edge of explosion, I inserted into her ass that little teaser I referred to earlier. It was one of those gum rubber baby pacifiers. While she was cumming, I worked it slightly in & out while I continued sucking her clit. She went absolutely wild.

I stayed with her, and let me tell you, it was like breaking a horse. I was surprised she hadn't loosened my teeth.

When she came back to earth, she wanted to know what was in her. Initially, I identified it as just a teaser, but she pressed on to the point where I was about to tell her what it was.

"Before I tell you, look me in the eye and tell me whether you liked it." She hesitated, said that it shocked her when she realized I had inserted something. It hadn't hurt, but she didn't know if she'd want it done again. Of course, I hadn't removed it yet, so I gave it a slight turn. That's all I did, and she had another orgasm. She didn't realize it yet, but she was definitely hot for anal sex. She needed time to figure that out by herself, so I told her, "I don't ever want to do anything that makes you uncomfortable. Until we get totally aware of each other's likes and desires, we need rules. From now on if you want me to play with your ass, you'll have to come right out and ask. If you want this pacifier again, you'll have to say 'I want the teaser in my ass, Make me cum with it!' I'll probably make you beg for it. I'll want to be sure."

"You're going to make me beg?"

"Oh yes! Like right now, I know that you are hot and ready to be fucked. I also know that I'm going to do it, but I know how much hotter it'll be for both of us if you beg me to fuck you. It'll make me feel that I've satisfied you so much that only a hard fuck will reward me properly."

I thought I had fucked up! She didn't say anything, just stared. Then she blew me away.

She looked me square in the eye and said, "Please fuck me, and fuck me hard! I need it so badly I can't stand it. You do things to me that I'm not accustomed to, but I want more! And Will...leave that teaser in my ass. It's starting to feel really good."

We fucked like that for a good ten minutes. She had multiple orgasms. Even she said she couldn't keep track. Her sensitivity level was such that she probably had only one orgasm, with peaks and valleys. The final wave rippled through her with such intensity that I was literally milked of my cum. I'd never had experienced a sensation like that. 

We rested after that. I quietly, and without any mention, removed the teaser. Her only reaction was a soothing, contented moan. She looked into my eyes and said, "I hope that was an adequate sampling of your reward."

Oh, what a morning it had been! My neighbor & I had turned a corner in our relationship. We had spent most of the last 18 hours exploring one another's bodies and sexual needs.

Here we now were, in my den, very comfortable & nonchalant with our mutual nudity. Marie excused herself to go to the bathroom. She was gone for a long enough time that I started to wonder. Then she appeared, and with that winning grin, said, "You know, I really like this new look. Since I can remember, going back to the very first time I trimmed myself for a bathing suit, I wondered if I would look sexy with it all shaved off." 

As she spoke, she was still looking downward. Her fingers were spreading her lips, trying to gain that extra line of sight. In the process, she dragged a finger up along those lips and across her clit. Without any hesitation, she passed her finger over it a couple of more times, each time remarking on how good it felt to be shaved, and with each touch shuddering a sign of self-gratification. She looked so hot and agitated that I had to do something.

I excused myself, saying I'd be right back. I went into my bedroom to get my video camera. Man, those things were big back then. I wanted to make a film of Marie, but wasn't sure what her reaction might be. I decided on a little bit of short-term secrecy. I placed the camera within my bookshelves, pointing it toward my bed. I then put it on "record," turned on some soft music to camouflage its "whir," covered the record light from view, and then went back out to the den. She was right where I had left her, lightly touching herself, but mindful of her surroundings.

I sat down, putting an arm around her. As I drew her into my side she withdrew her fingers from her pussy. I asked her to replace them, saying how much I was enjoying watching her. It was obvious that she felt a little awkward, and just laid her hands back in her lap.

Now was the opportunity. I got up, took her by the hand while picking up our clothing, and led her off to my bedroom. She jumped up on my bed, with a little well-placed prod, and settled right back. 

What a sight she was. I think I had always envisioned her in my bed, but hadn't obsessed with it.

Unexpectedly, my phone rang. I answered, finding one of my clients on the other end. We talked for a moment about an order they had placed with me several weeks before. They wanted to expedite the shipment. I promised a return call within 30 minutes. After hanging up, I leaned over, kissed Marie lightly, and said that I'd really like to make passionate love to her again. "I have to make these calls, but while I'm in my office, I want you to keep this warm." With that, I took her hand and placed it over her pussy. "I know you're still horny. I'm still horny. While I'm taking care of this customer, I want you to play with your pussy & clit. Bring yourself to orgasm imagining that I'm watching you. I won't be, of course, but I'm betting that the thought will make you really hot. I want you to come while I'm making my calls. Promise you'll do that for me."

Marie's hands were already moving. She was almost trance-like. She looked at me and said, " This won't take long!" As I kissed her cheek, I whispered in her ear, "Then just keep cumming until I get back. I want you to cum as many times as you want. No! I want you to cum as many times as you can! When I get back, I want you to tell me what you fantasized about while you were masturbating."
