 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not. 

*

I was definitely feeling happy as I boarded the light rail after leaving happy hour but seeing Megan and having her wave me over made me even happier. We lived in the same neighborhood and picked up the train at the same station, though not always at the same time. My favorite mornings were when I was about half-a-block behind her and could watch her ass swinging as she walked. She was at least ten years younger than me, maybe a bit more, with some nice curves and a cute face but I tried my best on the occasions that we chatted not to let on that I'd easily jump her bones given the opportunity.

"Don't tell me you're coming from happy hour, too," she said as I sat across from her.

"I am," I replied, "We were over at the The Ghost."

"We were at The British Bulldog," she said, "How funny."

"I love that place," I told her, "I could just as easily have been over there."

"Well you definitely would have been an improvement over the men who were there," she laughed, "The pickin's were certainly slim."

"What were you looking for a hook-up?" I asked, feeling a little twinge of jealousy.

"I'm not too embarrassed to admit that I don't currently have a man in my life," she said, definitely sounding a little buzzed, "and that a hook-up would not be unwelcome."

"Well, if I was quite a bit younger and we could avoid detection by our neighbors," I said, before considering that maybe I shouldn't, "I'd be at the front of the line to volunteer."

"First of all, I don't think you're that much older than me," she replied, "and second of all, what is your concern about our neighbors?"

"You don't think that we'd set some tongues wagging in the neighborhood if they saw me following you into your house," I asked, then almost as an aside, "and leaving fifteen minutes later, including foreplay?"

She burst out laughing, which let me know that I hadn't gone too far.

"If we start foreplay now," she said, lowering her voice and leaning toward me, "you could be in and out, literally, so quickly that they'd never believe that it was for what it was actually for."

It was my turn to laugh out loud, but I was wondering if she was actually serious.

"What if I made you cum before we even got to our stop," I asked, "then you decided you didn't need me to stop by, after all."

"If you can make me cum before we get to our stop," she replied, "I guarantee that will only make me want more. Come sit over here."

I moved across to sit beside her and she adjusted the bag she was holding on her lap so that no one could see as I slightly raised her skirt, exposing her panties. I ran my fingertips over the front of her panties before slipping my hand inside them, over her trim bush to her dripping wet pussy. I slid a finger up and down between her lips and over her clit as she moaned softly while trying to appear inconspicuous. If anyone was paying attention to us, the fact that I'd moved over next to her and we'd stopped having a conversation would have probably been more suspicious. Fortunately, it was late enough that there were not many other people in the car with us and the few that were weren't facing in our direction. I was still glad that my own bag was on my lap because I was starting to pitch a tent.

She spread her legs as wide as she dared so that I could occasionally dip my finger into the snug, slippery depths of her pussy then slather her clit with her lubrication. I could feel her subtly rocking her hips as I heard her breathing rate increasing so there was no doubt that I was successfully steering her toward an orgasm, but my mind was wandering to how I could get into her house and fuck her without us becoming the topic of neighborhood gossip. She'd already made it clear that she'd be into it and, just feeling how hot and wet her pussy was, I knew I'd be willing to do whatever it would take to slip my cock into her. My mind couldn't wander too far, feeling her body next to me tensing up more and more the longer I stimulated her clit and fingered her hot, slippery pussy. I glanced over and realized that I could see a bit of her cleavage and that her nipples were pressing out her blouse. I smiled as it sunk in that I'd probably have my hands on her tits within the hour.

I could feel her go rigid and it sounded as though she held her breath momentarily before her entire body was trembling and a soft moan escaped. I continued to gently massage her clit with a smile on my face as I realized that this was definitely the first time, but might not necessarily be the last time, I'd made somebody cum on the light rail. She seemed to go limp, her chest heaving as she caught her breath, so I slipped my hand from her panties, assuming she'd finished cumming. She glanced toward the window as I sucked her nectar from my finger and realized how close we were to our stop.

"You're definitely not getting away without fucking me," she finally said.

"I wasn't even intending to try," I replied, "but, again, what do we do about the neighbors?"

As we got ourselves together and exited the train, we went over a few options until something came to me as I thought about the layout of her house. She lived on a corner and her garage faced the side street around the corner from the front of her house. I was pretty sure that her garage also just faced another garage, so there wasn't much chance of anybody really paying attention there.

"What if you went home as usual," I said, "and I went around the block. By the time I reach your garage, you can make it through your house and into the garage to open the door. I'll just slip in and you can close the door behind me."

"That's a great idea," she replied, "and I guess you can go back out the same way until we come up with something better."

We parted ways when we reached the corner of her street, though I paused to watch her ass swinging as she headed for her house. By the time I made it around the block, her garage door was open, so I casually strolled inside. The door immediately started to close and before I made it around her car, she was in front of me then immediately in my arms. We started to make out as my hands went right to her ass, squeezing it as I pulled her against my growing cock.

"Is it going to be weird if we don't go into the house," she murmured as I kissed her neck, "because I completely forgot that my dogs have never met you so we won't get a minute of peace if we go in there."

I didn't want anything to interrupt us and her garage was very clean, so I had no problem where I got to slip my cock into her as long as I got to slip my cock into her.

"That's okay," I told her, "I don't think I can wait to get all the way across your backyard and into your house anyway. I need to have you now."

I had my hands up under her skirt by that point so I started to slide her panties down, squatting in front of her to help her step out of them. I tossed them on the hood of her car then raised the front of her skirt to admire her trim, light brown bush. I kissed her lower abdomen and hips before having her turn around so I could admire her ass. I had her lean forward on the hood of the car with her ass up in the air, flipping her skirt up around her waist, and ran my hands over it, still squatting behind her. Her pussy was peeking between her legs below her ass so, as I caressed her ass, I stuck my tongue out and lapped at her pussy. I knew she was already very fired up and knew that this would only make her pussy feel even better, but I was ready to explode out of my pants so I made it brief. Standing behind her, I opened my pants and extracted my cock, easing it into her from behind and causing both of us to moan.

Her pussy felt even more incredible than I had anticipated. She was extremely wet and slippery and very snug, though not tight. I pushed my full length into her until my hips were pressed against her ass. I just stood there for a moment, running my hands over her ass while feeling my cock engulfed in her pussy, before I started to slowly fuck her. I continued to massage and caress her ass, thoroughly enjoying the opportunity to finally get my hands on it. It definitely didn't disappoint. Her ass was nice and round with enough flesh to jiggle each time my hips tapped against it.

I was fucking her slowly, with long, full strokes as I ran my hands over her ass but my hands gravitated up to her hips as I started to fuck her harder and faster. I was savoring the feel of her pussy as my cock slid in and out of her while thinking about how often I'd fantasized about flipping up her short skirt and fucking her as I'd been walking behind her on the way to or from the train station. It was incredible to me that it was not only actually happening, but it was happening in her garage with her bent over the hood of her car. That certainly was not anything I ever would have expected. I did notice that she was resting her head on both of her arms on the hood of her car, so I slipped a hand down from her hip to seek out her clit. She let out a louder moan when I encountered it so I started to gently massage it while continuing to fuck her.

Not only did Megan start moaning louder and longer once I started stimulating her clit, I could also feel her pussy becoming even more slippery and more engorged around my tool. I was hoping to be able to hold out until she came again since I could feel my orgasm beginning to build up as a result of the increased pleasure I was feeling. I always assumed that, if I could get my partner to cum before I did, the odds of being invited back for a return engagement would increase. The problem typically was that, with a new partner, I wasn't familiar with her signals or patterns, so I just basically had to hang in for as long as I could and try to do my best. Fortunately, when it came to Megan, while I was still enjoying the building pleasure provided by her hot, snug pussy, she let out a cry and her body started to shake.

I continued to fuck her and gently stroke her clit as she came but, once she appeared to be finished, I slipped my hand back up to her hip and started fucking her harder. It crossed my mind that her tits were probably swinging and that I hadn't gotten my hands on them yet, so I slid my hands up under her blouse and cupped them through her bra, feeling her hard nipples pressing outward. I think my cock got even harder as I caressed her tits and that was before I reached behind her to unfasten her bra. Once I had my hands on her bare flesh, I was certain that I felt my cock growing even harder as I got closer to cumming. I continued thrusting, my hips bouncing off her ass, as I cupped her tits and caressed her hard nipples. I wondered if she felt my cock growing harder, as well, based on what she said next.

"Don't cum inside me," she moaned, "Pull out before you get too close. I'll finish you with my mouth."

Although cumming inside her probably would have felt outstanding, I was still stoked about blowing a load down her throat instead. That was certainly preferable to pulling out and pumping my load all over her ass, though I wouldn't have turned down the opportunity to do that, either. As I continued fucking her and fondling her tits, I assured her that I wouldn't cum in her pussy, but I savored the way it felt as my orgasm continued to build. I didn't think there was any chance that I'd be able to make her cum again before I did but, since she'd cum twice already and she was willing to finish me off orally, I was not too concerned that she would be disappointed in the way things wrapped up. In fact, I was already looking forward to working out the logistics so that the next time we were together, I would have the opportunity to see her naked and devour her pussy. As I considered that possibility with my cock buried in her hot pussy, I started thinking that I'd better pull out of her soon before I reached the point of no return. This was a less difficult task since I knew my cock would be engulfed in her mouth pretty quickly.

I straightened up, releasing her titties, and backed up so that my cock slipped out of her, then just stood there with my cock standing straight out in front of me, staring at her ass, as she straightened up and turned around. She smiled and took my cock in her hand, pumping it as she gave me a quick kiss before squatting down in front of me. While pumping my cock, she licked my balls before running her tongue up my shaft. Still pumping the base, she wrapped her lips around my tool and started to slide them up and down as I moaned. As amazing as her pussy had felt, there was absolutely no decrease in the amount of pleasure I was feeling as she sucked my cock. I ran my fingers through her dark blonde hair and watched as my cock disappeared repeatedly into her hot mouth.

Since I'd been right on the verge of cumming when I'd pulled out of her, it didn't take much of her skilled cocksucking before my cock was swelling even more in advance of cumming. I wanted to savor her oral talent for much longer but I was too far gone and she was way too good at it. I just enjoyed the building feeling of pleasure until I exploded into her mouth and she swallowed down my load. My moan echoed in her garage as she milked every drop of cum out of me before letting my spent cock fall from her mouth. She looked up at me with a smile so I reached down to help her up.

"I hope this wasn't too weird," she said as I slipped my arms around her, "I promise I'll figure out a way to get you inside without the dogs driving us nuts."

"Or..." I replied, a thought suddenly occurring to me, "we could just go to my place."

We just stared at each other for a moment, wondering why we hadn't thought of that in the first place. It might have been the alcohol. It might have been a strong desire to fuck each other. It might have been because we would reach her house before we'd reach mine. Whatever the reason, we both started laughing.

"I can't believe neither of us thought of that," she finally said.

"Well, it's not too late," I replied, "You want to take care of your dogs then stroll down the block to my place? Since you never walk that far, no one is going to find it noteworthy if you walk right up to my front door and I let you in."

"Holy shit, we really did not have much blood flow to our brains, did we?" she asked, shaking her head.

"Why don't we make the current blood flow temporary," I suggested, "because once you get to my place, I intend to strip you naked and devour your pussy."

She smiled and pressed the button to open the door again, since we'd managed to make ourselves presentable as we'd been talking.

"Get the fuck out of here," she said, still smiling, "so I can get done and go out for a walk in the neighborhood, should my neighbors ask."

I slipped casually out of the garage and headed down her driveway, not seeing anyone in the vicinity. I couldn't stop smiling as I thought about getting her naked and eating her pussy.