 It wasn't until our second summer living here that I noticed her. I had been so infatuated with Angela, the beautiful blonde, single mother next door, that I hadn't even noticed Tawny. But when Angela moved out, the only eye candy left for me to watch through my patio window was the hot little petite frame of Tawny herself.

I say hot little petite frame because that describes her perfectly. About 5'2", she had dirty blonde hair that went down to her shoulder blades. Her body was perfectly proportioned to highlight her curves. Ample, gorgeous breasts, which she enjoyed accentuating by not wearing a bra. A smooth, round ass that she liked to show off by always wearing low-cut tight jeans. The way she walked in her high heels or boots screamed sexy, and it was clear from her confidence and seductive dress that she was sexually empowered.

I started noticing when people in sports cars would come and pick her up, and then return a few hours later. Or, when older men would stop by for about an hour at a time, leaving her apartment while still buttoning and tucking in their shirts and fastening their wrist watches in place. I saw how she dressed, and how she always seemed to come home from her excursions with gifts. And then, by chance, I found her website.

If you're stressed and overworked, let me be your companion for two hours or maybe dinner and afterwards. I'm adventurous and uninhibited in my sexuality. I offer an unhurried service including a sensual and relaxing massage. I derive pleasure from pleasing you! Enter my world and experience heaven for yourself... an unforgettable experience, I assure you.

That's just a bit of what she wrote about herself. Needless to say, just the way she wrote about her "services" and the modest, non-nude photos she had posted of herself in form fitting lingerie were enough to drive my fantasies and jerk sessions over the edge. It wasn't long before I would watch for her to come home from her visits, or watch in the mornings as she went for her walks to the store. I felt dirty and voyeuristic, but I couldn't help the hunger and throbbing that grew in my pants every time I caught a glimpse of her.

With all this longing and pants adjusting, it was actually by complete accident that the real meat of this story begins. I had just gotten out of the shower after coming home from the gym, and was stumbling outside with wet hair and in pajamas to get the mail when I bumped into her.

"Oh! Excuse me. I'm sorry."

She smiled at me, her beautiful brown eyes seductive and coy. "Hey." 

She was modestly dressed. Just a tight fitting white t-shirt that showed off her beautiful breasts, and some stone washed blue jeans that hugged her hips and ass in all the right ways. She was on her way back from her own mailbox, and she giggled a little bit as she looked me over. Arching an eyebrow, she said, "Just getting up?"

"No," I laughed. "Actually, I just got done with a shower. I've been up for a while."

She giggled again. "I wasn't talking about that. I was talking about…" She motioned towards my crotch with her eyes.

I looked down in confusion, and quickly saw the bulge of my pants sticking out at her, poorly disguised by the plaid pattern of my pajama pants. "Oh," I swallowed.

"It's cool. Nice to know you're interested." She smiled at me again, and I felt my dick bulge and throb even more.

"Ha ha. More than interested. But it looks like you keep yourself pretty busy."

"Yeah? How's that?" She didn't seem defensive, but merely amused and curious.

I felt my wet hair dripping into my eyes, and I brushed it out of the way. "I don't know. You just always seem to have men over, or be headed off somewhere on a date."

"Oh, that." She nodded, chewing her lip. "Well, that's just business. I'm not seeing anyone."

"Well, with the kind of business you're in, I would guess that you wouldn't need to see anyone. I bet guys line up to pay you for just an hour of your time."

"You're right. Some do. But I'm very selective about my clientele." Here again she looked me up and down, her eyes lingering on the now obvious bulge in my pants. "You interested?"

"What? Sure! I mean, though, I can't afford it. I mean, what do you get, like $1000 an hour?"

Her eyes widened, as did her smile. "Well, if that's what you're willing to pay."

"What? I mean, no. I mean. What? How much do you charge?"

"Don't worry about it. We should set up some time. Since you're my neighbor," she looked over at my apartment patio window, "I'll give you a special. How about we schedule some time tomorrow around 11:00 a.m.? $200 sound okay?"

"What? Sure. Yeah."

She smiled, stepping closer to me, enough so that I could smell the perfume she wore, and feel the very edge of her breasts touch against my chest. "See you then, neighbor." With that she smiled, lightly brushing her hand along my crotch as she turned, and headed back inside.

* * *

The next morning, as I was finishing getting dressed in what I thought was an appropriately nice outfit, complete with a pocket full of condoms and an envelope filled with about $500 cash, I heard a knock on the glass patio door to our apartment. I quickly checked my hair and shirt, then headed out into the living room. There, standing at the glass, was Tawny. She wore a demure outfit -- short, black pumps, black slacks, and a shiny green blouse. Her hair was pulled back, and she looked stunning yet still somehow sexual. Predatory. Coy.

I opened the glass door quietly. "Hey," she said. "Sorry, but I didn't know if you were still coming. So, I was going to check to see if you were. Looks like you are." She smiled.

"Yeah. I was just finishing getting ready. Should we head over now?"

"Sure. Why not." Here she smiled again.

I signaled for her to wait just a moment, and shut the patio door and locked it before heading out of the apartment and locking its door as well. In just a moment I was outside where she stood waiting, and the two of us walked quietly into her apartment building next door.

I had always wondered what Tawny's apartment would be like. Being in the same complex, I knew the design would be similar, but mused as to how she would decorate it for her in call services. I wasn't surprised then to find the apartment exquisitely painted, with beautiful wooden artifacts and glass tables throughout. She had a flat screen TV with a plush wrap around couch, and candles burning everywhere. Her apartment smelled like hot lilacs, and her drapes were a gorgeous, sensuous red.

Without hesitation, she took off her shoes, dropping her height another inch or two, and took my arm, leading me into her master bedroom. The bed itself was king sized, covered in soft, smooth linens and blankets. Candles were burning here too, and a slight, subtle tribal music was playing from somewhere, maybe the closet.

"Why don't you have a seat on the bed," she encouraged.

I did as she suggested, looking around the room and then looking back to her. Without preamble, I sat mesmerized as she bent forward, cupping my chin in her hand, and kissed me gently on the lips. My body felt electric, and the tendrils of pleasure shot through my shoulders and back and stomach and loins in a cold flash. I trembled, and she pulled away smiling.

"Now, what would you have me wear? Do you have any tastes? Any fetishes?"

"A lot," I laughed weakly. "Probably best to keep it simple for now. Something sexy. Or not. Whatever you feel like wearing."

Tawny smiled at me again, and her eyes sparkled softly in the candlelight. She then disappeared to the next room, and I took the opportunity to free the envelope of money from my pocket, placing it gently on a dresser top nearby.

In just a couple of minutes, Tawny was back, standing in the doorway of the room. She had removed her pants and blouse, and now stood in some knee high leather boots, a black lace thong, and a revealing black lace corset. "Do you like?"

"Yes!" I moaned. "You look gorgeous. I mean, you always look gorgeous. But wow."

She smiled again, and slowly walked her way over to me, casting a brief glance to the dresser before slowly lifting a knee onto the bed, slowly pressing it into my rock hard crotch. She parted her lips as she did, lowering her mouth onto mine, moaning loudly as we kissed.

Her tongue felt amazing. Smooth, soft, and talented. I felt it swirl around my own, and then deep into my throat as she pressed her chest closer between us. I gasped, my body aching for her. I ran my hands eagerly along her legs, thighs, butt, and back. And I moaned as she gasped.

"You've been watching me for a while." She wasn't angry or reproachful. Just stating how things were. "How much do you want me?" Her voice was breathy, and her eyes looked down into my face with intent.

"So badly. You're right. I've watched you. I do watch you. I can't believe how amazingly gorgeous you are." I let my own eyes and hands wander over her body. "Your face, your hair, your breasts, your legs, your…" I paused to look up at her, "pussy." I said the word heavily, sliding my hand up against her hot mound. She moaned softly, and I saw her bite her lips and her eyes flutter at the touch.

Tawny started to move her crotch against my hand, rubbing the lace of her thong against my palm. I could feel the lace getting wetter as she did, and moaned softly as I heard her breathing intensify. Her hands gripped my shoulder and neck, and she was massaging me deeply as I found her clit, rubbing and swirling over its nub.

She started to squeak and squeal. Her moans were breathy and loud, and I could feel her legs trembling, especially the knee she still had pressed hard into my raging cock. As her squeals got faster, I knew she was close, and leaned forward to bite her right nipple through her corset, still rubbing her pussy with fervor and force.

She came. Hard. Her body shook, and her squeals became a long, loud moan. She tossed her head back, bucking against my hand as the orgasm rocked her. She pressed her breasts farther into my face, and I sucked hungrily at the material covering her mounds. Finally, as her corset became soaked from my tongue and lips, she pulled her breasts away. She looked down at me, still catching her breath, as her long blonde hair fell over her face and over mine.

"Lay back," she whispered.

I did as she said, waiting with anticipation as I felt her climb onto the bed, slowly sliding her hands up my thighs, crotch, and sides. Her hands quickly pulled up my shirt, running beneath it along my sensitive skin. I could feel her nails dragging gently as she squeezed my sides and slowly worked her tongue over my own nipples and chest.

Tawny took her time. As her tongue and lips explored my chest and shoulders and neck, her legs pinned me beneath her, her crotch rubbing against my groin. I moaned, feeling my pants soak with precum, and feeling the heat between her own legs as she inevitably undid my pants, pulling them and my boxers down deftly, enough to free my rigid cock.

Tawny moaned in pleasure as it sprang free, tucking her hair out of the way as she extended that soft tongue, using it to guide my dick into her hot, wet mouth.

I felt her sucking in my entire body. I felt the smooth, soft fabric of the comforter on the bed. I felt her blonde hair tickling my thigh and stomach as she eagerly bobbed up and down my cock. I felt her tongue sliding along the underside of my shaft, and felt my arms and legs tremble as she sucked harder and faster. My body was aching, and I arched into her mouth as she sucked me. I was bucking and moaning. Moaning loudly. Louder than I had ever heard myself moan.

Tawny responded by deep throating the shaft of my cock. She gulped at it but did not gag. Like the pro that she was. She looked up at me as she did, and I gasped. "Oh God!"

She smiled, and pulled her mouth off my dick, taking it in her hand. "Stand up. We have to get this first one out of you so that you'll last nice and long when I slip you inside."

I moaned at this, following her hand as it continued to jerk my cock as she knelt on the floor, and I stood at the foot of the bed. She stopped for only a moment, deftly pulling off her corset top, exposing her gorgeous breasts.

I almost exploded at the sight of them. For so many months, I had watched those breasts, straining at the confines of their shirts and bouncing softly as she went up and down the stairs or came back from a run. They lay like gorgeous skin pillows on her chest, and she pressed my dick and her hand up between them, looking up at me as she continued to jerk my cock.

"Cum on my breasts and face. I want to feel how hot you are."

I gasped, pulling at my own hair as I felt her hand sliding along my wet dick. It didn't take long. "I'm cumming!" I breathed through gritted teeth, and tossed my head back as my dick spurted all over her hand and breasts and face. It felt like my dick wouldn't stop cumming, and she seemed surprised a little as my loads hit her skin. But she soon had milked my cock, and it fell, still rigid, against the cum covered skin of her chest.

"That's a good boy," she smiled, slowly licking the cum off her fingers, and using her fingers to rub the remaining cum into her breasts. She then licked my cock clean, before slowly licking her way up my body as she stood. She looked at me with girlish eyes, her innocence belied by the streams of sticky white cum covering her face. "Would you mind cleaning up my face, dear?"

I shook my head quickly, and without hesitation licked and kissed and wiped my cum from her face. She stroked my tender cock as I did, and I moaned at the smell of cum on her breath.

"Now I think we should both get naked," she said. And in silence, the two of us removed our clothes, tossing them to the floor. Mine were in one neat pile, hers were strewn on the floor next to the boots that she unzipped and took off.

Without speaking, Tawny pushed me back onto the bed, and wriggled her body against mine as she reached into the night stand, pulling out a bottle of massage oil. She covered my naked skin and hers in the oil, and proceeded to use her body in ways that I had never experienced in my life. Her body was slick yet firm, and I felt the perfection of her smooth, soft skin as she rubbed the oil into us. I moaned as she moaned, touching herself and having me lick her pussy. I felt my dick stir and rage again as I saw the glisten of her oil covered breasts in the light, and I moaned loudly as she ground her pussy lips against my face. She kept moving, stroking my cock, rubbing my thighs, licking my skin until I finally made her cum. And then, when her pussy had stopped quivering, she turned her body around and deftly took hold of my rigid cock. From somewhere she produced a condom, and skillfully slipped it on.

Then, with practiced skill and precision, she guided me up inside of her.

Even through the material of the condom, I could feel the ecstasy and heat of her pussy lips. She squeezed me firmly inside of her, clenching my dick fiercely as she placed her hands on my chest, moving up and down my cock.

My dick grew inside of her as more blood rushed up the shaft. I moaned and gasped as I cupped her breasts, massaging them fiercely as she rode me on her bed.

Soon her pace quickened, and we were both moaning and gasping, grunting and pressing farther into each other. She slammed her body with force along my cock, and I gripped her thighs heavily for strength and support as she rocked the bed. Her hair was flying and her tits were bouncing, and I could feel the sweat on our bodies mixing with the oil.

She came before I could. She screamed and shuddered, and dug her nails into my chest as she came. I felt her orgasm roll through her body, her legs squeezing me just as her pussy lips threatened to eat my cock. I felt the tensing and quivering of her orgasm, and tossed my head back into the pillow to savor every spasm.

"I want you to fuck me from behind. I want you to fuck me hard and fast. Got it?"

I moaned my assent, quickly adjusting as she slid off my cock and got on her hands and knees. As I positioned myself behind her, I noticed for the first time the reflection of ourselves in a mirror on the wall. I was going to get to watch myself as I fucked her, and she was going to watch herself get fucked by me.

I slammed my dick inside of her, and she moaned and gasped as I quickly picked up the pace. I leaned forward, wrapping my arm around her tight little stomach, fucking and bucking inside of her as hard as I could. I felt her body rock, and moaned as I massaged her tits. She grunted and whimpered as her hair fell in her face, and her hands dug into the bed for support.

Finally, I sat back on my knees and grabbed her shoulders and hair. I pulled her into me as hard as I could, pushing my dick forward with all the force I could muster. I wanted to get as deep inside as I could as I fucked her talented professional pussy raw.

I don't know how long it took. But I know that she screamed that she was cumming first. I continued to fuck her, even as her pussy tightened and spasmed along my dick. In a moment, the force of fucking through her orgasm brought me to the edge. I felt the pressure build, and the surge rise angrily. I screamed and gasped loudly, moaning to God and moaning praise to her pussy, her breasts, and her body as I came.

Tawny screamed too, and I jammed myself hard into her, holding her shoulders forcefully as I felt my dick shoot and spasm deep inside.

Finally, as my dick fell limp inside her, and sweat rolled along both of our bodies, we heard ourselves panting and gasping. My mouth was dry, and I could see nail marks along her back from our fucking. I could feel her still milking me softly with her pussy, but my dick was weak and sore from the work it had just done.

I pulled myself slowly backwards, and fell back onto the bed when I finally came free. The condom was filled, and Tawny gently moved to take it off and throw it away in a small trash can hidden beneath the bed.

The two of us laid there, Tawny in my arms, as our bodies slowly came back to reality. My heart slowly faded from my ears, and my ragged breathing was replaced by the slow, soft breathing of her. She laid against my chest, running her hand along my skin for some time. Finally, at some unspoken point, Tawny raised her head and looked me in the eye. Running her hand gently along my face, she said, "Here. We should get cleaned up before you have to go."

We took a slow, but gentle and sensuous shower. I tried to burn the image of her perfect petite body into my memory forever, and I felt sad when I was finally dressed and she stood in her robe and a towel around her hair. As we walked to the door, she held my hand and guided it along her pussy and body beneath her robe. At the door we stopped, and she pulled me down to her, my hands roaming over her body as we slowly kissed, exploring each other's mouths.

Finally it was time to go. I pulled away, and adjusted my clothes one last time. She smiled at me gently, and said, "See you soon, I hope, neighbor."

I smiled back. "You will."

With that, I headed back to my apartment and collapsed. Even now, weeks later, after Tawny and I have met a few more times, I can't get the image of that session out of my head.

It was, without a doubt, amazing. And this story is a review of her beauty and wonder as much as it is a telling of an erotic tale.