 Note: You really need to read the first installment of this story. It isn't numbered, but since there's only one other story, MOST of you will be able to figure it out.

*

When I got back from the gym the next morning, there was a message to call Marie. She wanted to see me today. I needed to accomplish some business work, and some housework, and then take a shower. She needed to do take care of some personal banking business, do some housework, and take a shower. At her suggestion, we'd do our respective chores, then she'd come over to my house where we'd shower together.

Wow! This woman was starting to sizzle!

There was a knock on my door, as it was being opened.

"Hi Will, I'm finally here."

"Hey beautiful, I'm glad you're here. I really need that shower. Let's jump in."

We both started shedding clothes, and of course, I started sprouting wood.

"You're always hard," Marie giggled.

"Actually, when you're around, I'm always on the verge of being hard," I replied, "all you only need to do something sexy, and it's up scope!" She laughed.

We jumped into the shower, and lathered each other briskly before turning to gentleness & loving. I attempted to touch her pussy, but was quickly stopped. "I need some serious downtime there, or I'll be in the hospital," she said. "You already know, however, that I'm aroused other ways, and I certainly know how to satisfy you, so let's just give my pussy a rest, ok?"

"Ok," I said, "but the twinkle in your eye says you've been fantasizing. What do you have in mind?" 

Marie just couldn't hold her water! The unspeakable urge to satisfy, and be satisfied was so foreign to her, that now being close to someone who promoted it, just about brought tears to her eyes. Of course, at first I thought something to be wrong, but she quelled that thought quickly by confessing she'd not slept most of last night, fantasizing about anal sex. Anything and everything that we'd done together thus far had been so mind-numbingly erotic that she couldn't imagine anal sex would be anything but the same. 

The teaser went a long way toward stimulating those nerves endings she didn't know she had. Now she wanted to know what the next level might bring.

My former girlfriend, as I alluded to earlier, was somewhat adventuresome, so I did have some fantasies of my own when it came to Marie. It was time to assist her further in her quest to experience mutual depravity. 

As we lathered, rinsed, nibbled, and kissed, I told her that I also might be a little tender -- too tender, in fact to participate in fucking her anally. I interrupted her pout with a "but," quickly regaining her full attention. "Are you familiar with strap-ons," I asked?

Well, it was pin-drop time again. After she came out of her momentary stupor, she admitted to knowing what they were, but since she NEVER had any lesbian tendencies, she had only ever seen a picture of one.

Well, I went on to say that one of Cheryl's kink fantasies had been the desire to have a dick of her own. (Marie had met Cheryl, my former girlfriend, more than once) She wasn't into girls either, but had this fantasy of giving me anal sex as I was to her. Since I'm a little kinky also, there really wasn't an issue when it came to following through with it. After some discussion, I had mentally designed a strap-on that we both could enjoy to its fullest. 

Cheryl & I had gone out, bought the necessary accessories, and then assembled them as agreed upon. Of course, we had shared the engineering phase, but assembly belonged to me alone. We had purchased a harness that allowed for the interchange of rubber cocks. Cheryl wanted one that was equivalent to mine in size. That's fair. She picked it. As for the harness, we picked one with leg straps that adjusted along the waist belt, allowing it to be worn either like a jock strap (sorry ladies), or like a thong. We both liked the thong style, as it allowed for holding a teaser and/or pussy plug in place. Another accessory was a pair of vibrating eggs/ben wah balls (I purposely didn't tell Marie they vibrated. Their wire leads were imbedded in the strap and rubber cock, so she didn't have a clue), one inserted into the tip end of the rubber cock, the other into the teaser. After a few days, Cheryl & I put the finished product through its time trials. She loved saying, "When I've got the cock, I'm the boss. You cum when I say you can cum!"

After having described this entire procedure to Marie, and knowing that I had her undivided attention, I retrieved the strap-on. To say she was intrigued would be an understatement. She mentally disassembled and re-assembled it numerous times.

We talked about her putting it to use, when, where, etc. She wanted to try it on. She did, and blushed profusely the whole time it was it was in place. I asked her to go to the kitchen and get us each a bottle of water. When she came back to the bedroom, she giggled while saying; "Now I know why men strut when they walk around while naked with a hard-on! Bend over! I want to fuck your ass now!"

Wow! Remember that timid, inexperienced woman from yesterday? Holy shit!

It was time to bring things back into their proper prospective, so I said, "Before that testosterone of yours starts flowing too freely, I want you to remember that this is one of MY favors."

"It's ONE of your favors? How many do you get, and why more than one?"

I stretched things a bit by saying that she had gotten two. She had asked to have the teaser while being spanked, and then she asked to be fucked, FUCKED hard afterwards. "Besides," I said, "you'll never convince me that you're not looking forward to this as much as I am. My pleasure comes from the prostate stimulation of having the rubber cock fucking me while you're giving me a handjob. Since my cock is a little sore, you'll be applying a heavy dose of oil to it, as well as my ass and your cock. I know you're curious, so let me show you how you'll do it." I brought her to my exercise room (more often used for sex than exercise), and showed her how I raised the bench of my bench press, adjusting it to her crotch level. I had actually rigged it so there were stirrup-like footrests, shoulder pads, waist & chest belts to prevent sliding off the bench or away from fucker. I also showed her the wrist restraints hanging from the bar above. 

"You can render me motionless with these, if you want. I trust you fully, so strapping my wrists will make you a dominant. I am relinquishing all power to you, allowing you to control the pace. What it will do for me is this, by binding my wrists, you render me submissive, and thus you're forcing me to lay back and take all that is given, without the ability to reciprocate. You'd be surprised just how erotic that can be. It forces me to enjoy the moment."

With that, I laid back, face up onto the bench and invited Marie to adjust everything to position. Since we had apparently decided to go forward, we'd want to do so without any fumbling. Marie put my feet in the stirrups, swinging them out to the sides a little, and tested her own ability to fasten the Velcro straps around my ankles quickly. She was taking her time. She looked up at me nonchalantly while saying, "I may need to be able to do this quickly some day, so I want to know exactly how it works." There were also straps on both sides that attached to my upper calves, holding my knees apart. She clicked the waist and chest belts secure, and then the wrist restraints. For all intents and purposes, I was at her mercy.

She sat on a roll-away stool between my legs, and asked for permission to inspect the territory. Before waiting for my answer, she ever so lovingly started to tickle my balls, and my own rosebud. Then she ran her fingertips up and over the top my cock, making sure to spread my leaking fluids all over my cockhead. With her wet fingertips, she lightly massaged my asshole, noting just how sensitive I was to that. She then flicked her tongue over it and my balls. I hissed! 

There was a spray bottle under the bench. She asked if it was the oil she was to use. As soon as I said yes, she sprayed it liberally and started to rub my cock, and my balls while continuing to tickle my asshole. She then walked around my right leg, and continued to lightly stroke my cock, while breathing into my ear, "Is this ok to do?" She didn't wait for an answer. Instead, while continuing the light massage of my cock, she started sucking my nipple. She stood up long enough to tell me how much she liked this level of control, and that I should just relax and enjoy. "I've still got almost two hours before the kids get home. I've got a captive audience, a stiff cock, and an asshole in front of me begging for a fucking. What more could I want? You're mine!"

She abandoned my cock for awhile, sitting down on the stool between my legs. She went back to lightly playing with my balls while talking to me. She spoke of the hair around my cock and on my balls, saying that she'd enjoy sampling them without hair. Before I could reply, she said, "I know how much you like me having a hairless pussy, but it's already starting to itch, so when it gets long enough, I'm going to have it waxed. Maybe you'll come with me and get waxed at the same time!" While she was whispering that suggestion to my balls, she was lightly running a fingertip up and through the tip of my cock. Just as I thought I'd explode, she wrapped her thumb and forefinger tightly around the base of my cock, temporarily halting my orgasm.

I regained enough consciousness to say, "and here I thought you were an innocent. Where did you learn to do that?" She told me that when she was in high school, she learned it from one of her girlfriends who said, "If you're ever giving your date a handjob, you have to make sure that he's in no position to cum on your clothes. So do this little trick, and move yourself upstream before continuing. He'll love it, his orgasm will be more intense, and you won't have to explain away any stains when you get home."

Having now backed off my cock, Marie retrieved the spray bottle and put a liberal amount on & in my ass. She then inserted a small butt plug. While applying an ample amount to her cock, she made sure I had a good view of her stroking it.

"From your earlier how to instructions, I'd say I'm doing ok, wouldn't you," she said?

"Oh yeah," was all I could say.

She moved between my legs, removed my butt plug, and instantly pressed her cock to my ass. At the same time, she went back to work on my handjob. She knew how she herself enjoyed being made love to, so once she had popped in, she proceeded to stroke in & out no more than an inch or two at a time. 

I wasn't the only one turned on. Marie was breathing heavily while fighting back the urge to pound my ass. Her handjob stroke started to become much more defined, while picking up speed.

Remember those vibrating eggs? Well, I told Marie there was a dial-type switch on her harness belt. If she were to turn it, she'd get a nice surprise. It still came as quite a surprise to her when she got a little jolt through her teaser. When she started turned it further, her teaser started vibrating more, as did the one in the tip of the rubber cock sliding back and forth over my prostate.

Marie was losing it fast. She kept muttering, "I'm fucking YOUR ass with a rubber cock, and I'M the one who's going to cum!" Her eyes rolled back into her head, just as I started firing wads of cum all the way up to my chin, yelling, "Me, too!" 

I was shaking with my own orgasm to the point where I thought I'd black out.

Finally, I had to ask Marie to stop stroking my cock. She did, but continued a very deliberate ass-fucking. She laid down over my cum-drenched stomach and chest, still gently fucking my ass, and said, "You're a mess! You need a shower!"

After a short cool-down period, Marie extricated herself from the wreckage. She released me from my bonds and helped me back to the shower, where we stayed for another half hour. While standing behind me, she inserted her cock back into me ass, and continued to slowly fuck me. I shuddered, but with no recovery period, I wasn't going to cum again. Still, Marie had a couple of orgasms left in her and was quite vocal in announcing them.

So there we were in the shower, me bent slightly at the waist while my lovely neighbor, Marie, fucked my ass with a strap-on. What a sight we must have been!

When the orgasms had abated, and we were finally clean, we exited the shower. Marie stepped out of her strap-on, chuckling that she now had another cock to take care of. 

She was still "in charge." While she dried me with my bath towel, she asked how she had done; had I enjoyed it; did she hurt me? That was the difference between Marie and Cheryl. Marie's goal had been my enjoyment.

We lay on the bed while Marie gave me a massage, complete with warm oil. She said, with a little more meaning than humor, "If you're going to get fucked like a girl, you may as well get pampered like one. I'll expect the same treatment."

After we were dressed, Marie exchanged the panties from her pocket with those from under my pillow. I could only smile.

On her way out the door, Marie turned to invite me to have dinner with her, and the kids, adding that we needed to "catch up" because we didn't seem to have much time to talk any more. 

Our relationship had blossomed over the last couple of days. Sure, the sex was wonderful, definitely the best I'd ever experienced, but what was more remarkable was that we had attained so much love for one another. I suppose you could say that it had always been there, but hidden beneath the wisecracks and jokes.

We all had dinner together that night, Marie and her children. It was an early evening for everyone. As soon as the kids were put to bed, Marie & I wandered to the back door, said our goodnights, and made arrangements for the next day. In no uncertain terms, she made it clear that by tomorrow night, she would no longer be an anal virgin. I promised to make that true.

When Marie arrived the next day, she seemed somewhat distracted. I wrote it off to the impending loss of virginity, but it was more than that. I'll give more detail shortly. Her excitement level was so high; she appeared to be near orgasm.

Before I could reach for her coat, she reached into her pocket and retrieved a pair of panties. She held them up to my nose and said, "These may help to make you stiff. My pussy has been drooling into them all morning!"

She slipped her coat off, revealing her nakedness below. She simply said she'd been waiting long enough. With that, she stripped me naked, and then went immediately to her knees. She gave me the most amazing, toe-curling blowjob I'd ever had, swallowing every drop. She then led me to the bench and had me strap her in. When she was secure, she said, "The panties were to get you stiff so that I could suck you off. The reason for the blowjob is I want this to last!" "Oh, don't worry," I said, "I'll make sure it lasts."

And last it did. I had Marie on that table for almost an hour & a half before turning my attention to her ass. I had licked every erogenous zone known to man. I fucked her pussy slowly while running my thumbs up & down the sides of her clit. When I finally got to her ass, she was begging me to finish her. Yes, she was saying, "I can't take it any more, PLEASE fuck my ass!"

When I finally entered her ass, she immediately started to orgasm. I'd never seen anything like it. I don't think she stopped for 15 minutes. And I'm sure that you've guessed by now that I did nothing to slow her down. If I thought she was close to collecting herself, I'd lightly pinch a nipple, run a thumb over clit, or drive my cock a little deeper.

When I finally withdrew, I'd fired what had to be an enormous load, literally whitewashing her internally. I released her from her bonds, carried her to the shower, and bathed her. I toweled her dry, and yes I did give her that warm-oil body massage. After all, she had just been fucked like a girl.

As I said earlier, she had been distracted. Joe had called last night after I left. He wanted to come home. She said yes. It was for the sake of her girls so she had to try. After that glorious day when I took her anal virginity, we didn't make love again for almost three years. When we did, Joe was away, she needed love. I was there to give it.

Moving ahead, we continued our on-and-off affair for nearly 20 years. We never again experienced a dry spell of more than a week.

The End

Author's note: My story (and yes, it is sadly true) has an abrupt end for a good reason. Marie developed Ovarian Cancer, dying just before her 58th birthday. I had taken care of her when there was need, but mostly that duty belonged to her girls (I think they knew about us). Joe, the PRICK, was away the day she died. He re-married before a year had passed.