 It was a cool Sunday evening in the early season of Fall. My neighborhood was quiet, but not abandoned. All throughout, people were outside in long-sleeved shirts sitting on their porches or laying in a hammock they had stretched across two trees. Everybody was enjoying the cool air after a long Summer, and they were doing it peacefully and quietly. I love the turning of the season as much as the next person, but I have things to do.

I'm just now stepping out of the shower, worried that I might be late. I look at the clock on the wall and realize that I still have plenty of time. My heart is rushing as fast as I am, and I'm so nervous that the beads of water trickling down me feel like sweat. I close my eyes, take a deep breath, and try to calm myself. I feel somewhat more relaxed by the time I open my eyes back up. I grab my towel off the rack and wipe the water off of me. I wipe my bathroom mirror off and take a good look at myself. My breasts are the first thing I notice, and I'm sure the first thing he will notice; they're about average sized, I'd say. I push my long and curly blonde hair off of my breasts to take a closer look. I wear a C cup bra so I know most guys would be happy with me, at least. I've never been self conscious about my nipples, which are dark and perky, and no bigger than the size of a dollar coin. I turn my body at an angle to take a good look at my ass, which is undoubtedly what I'm personally most happy about myself with. I have a nice round, smooth bubble butt that jiggles at any touch, which I know guys love.

By the time I finished blow drying and curling my hair, it was almost eight o'clock. Jonathon had agreed to pick me up at nine and take me to see a movie. Little did he know I wasn't in the mood for a movie tonight- I was going to surprise him with a little something else. I giggled to myself with anticipation, and had to stop myself from daydreaming so I could get dressed. I walked into my bedroom where I had my outfit picked out already. Everything was red, which I think is one of the most seductive colors when worn properly. I slipped on my lace thong and bra and ran to my dresser mirror to get another good look at myself. I was gorgeous, there was no doubt about it I went back to my bed and put on my bathrobe which covered the whole of my body. No more clothes were needed for my plan. Now all I had to do was prepare my bedroom.

When my bedroom was all ready for a night of lovemaking, all that was left to do was wait. I couldn't help but think how stupid I felt that I had seen Jonathon almost every day for five years now, but only in the past month realized how good he may be for me. He was my postman, so he worked for the government and made good money. He was my neighbor, who lived immediately next to me, so we never had to travel far to see each other. He was tall, tan, and handsome. There were plenty of people in the state of California who fit that exact description, but there was more to him. There was just something about him that-

The doorbell rang.

"Places everyone!" I found myself thinking, now even more excited than ever.

I briskly walked downstairs and to the front door. I took one last deep breath and opened the door.

"Hi Jon," I said with a chuckle, "have any trouble finding the place?"

"What's up, Jessica." he paused and looked me up and down "I'm sorry I'm early. Do you want me to come back in a little bit?"

I hadn't realized it at the time, but he was early. He was fifteen minutes early. What felt to me like hours upon end of waiting was in reality, less than one.

"No, it's no problem at all. Come on it for a minute, I needed your help with something anyways."

I let him in and shut the door behind him. He was certainly dressed for a date, which I liked. He was wearing black dress shoes, a beige pair of Khakis, and a silky black polo with a white tee tucked in his pants underneath. He was business casual tonight, and I love a businessman. The outfit that a man is wearing in a girl's fantasy plays a big role, and all I wanted to do was imagine him ripping it off and taking me as hard as he wanted all night.

"What is it you needed my help with?" he said.

"I want you to pick out an outfit for me," I lied, "it's upstairs. I've narrowed it down to two. Come wait at my door and I'll let you know when you can come in and see."

"Being as fine figured a woman as yourself, I'm sure you'd look good in anything."

He always made it a point to compliment my looks once or twice on the two dates we've had so far. He never overdid it, which is good. He just liked to let me know, and I loved it.

I walked into my bedroom and shut the door. It was time. I decided last-minute to ditch my bra entirely. I laid on my bed and laid the bra down beside me, so he would know I had just taken it off for him. I put my head on my pillow, puffed my chest out and tried to be as sexy as I could, which wasn't hard for me.

"You can come in now." I said.

The door opened and he definitely seemed shocked, as if he really had no idea what he was about to see. It made me wet just thinking about all I was going to let him do to me, and all I was going to do to him. Our eyes met, and then his eyes started to slowly glide across the room, and I can tell you exactly what he saw. First, he saw me, on my bed, stroking my nipples in a circular way and smiling at him. Then his eyes drifted to my nightstand, where I had set a box of condoms and a small bottle of water-based lubricant. Last, he saw the robe that I had lazily thrown on my floor. His eyes promptly returned to me, and his face finally went from that of shock to that of awe.

"Well come on, mister mailman," I said, "give me your package."

We both started laughing at the cheesy thing I had said. It was good to have someone I could joke around with and not be so uptight around. Jon walked over to the bed and crawled on top of me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him closer to me. We kissed for some time, and were perfectly content just holding each other in our arms. After a few minutes, he began slowly kissing lower, on to my neck. The feeling of his warm mouth on my neck sent me to heaven, and I was ready to be his angel. He groped my breast as he continued to kiss my neck, and I felt him playing with my nipples and squeezing my breasts in excitement. I also felt something else; his cock had stiffened a little through his pants. I gently pushed him off of me so that our eyes could meet.

"Why am I the only one naked here?" I asked.

He started taking his shirts off, and when he did, I was in awe. He was completely fit, the muscles on him were tight and toned, all over his body. His shiny black hair now did more justice in bringing out his eyes, which in turn brought out his chest. He began to unbuckle his belt, but I was a step ahead of him. I quickly flipped around him and pushed him onto my bed, so that he was laying with his head resting on my pillow.

"I really like whatever has gotten into you, Jess." he said with a chuckle.

"Well I'm glad you're enjoying yourself." I replied, as I brushed my hair behind my head.

I finished unbuckling his belt for him and undid the buttons on his pants. He was wearing a basic, black pair of brief underwear. What I was more interested in, however, was the size of the bulge that was sticking through. 

"How in the hell does he walk with this thing?" I thought to myself.

I finally pulled back his underwear to reveal his cock, already throbbing in anticipation of whatever I was going to do. I took him into my mouth, and I heard him let loose a light gasp.

"Oh fuck, that feels so good baby." he said.

I took him even further into my mouth and started bobbing my head back and forth. I was enjoying this as much as he was. It made me wet just thinking of him taking this cock and pounding me on this very bed. I take my time with him, catching my breath every so often and in the meantime, licking his shaft up and down and giving him gentle kisses on his head. I can feel his cock throbbing in my mouth as I take him in and out. Every time I go back down I can hear his toes snapping back and forth, and I know that this feels so good to him that he just has to twitch in some way, otherwise he'd explode. As I stroked him with my tongue, time became an illusion. What felt like an hour of pure ecstasy for him, was in reality no more than fifteen minutes. By the time I finished with him, I could tell he was eager to return the favor. 

At one point when I had come up from his cock to catch my breath, he sat up and kissed me right on my lips.

"That felt really good, Jess. Let me have a turn. This is all I've been able to think about all week." he said to me.

"Mmmhm, good boy." I said in a moan of anticipation, as I took his place laying on my bed.

He was an extremely passionate kisser. I knew this already. What I was not expecting was for him to be just as passionate in other places. It was absolutely amazing, the way he started at my navel and gently worked his way down, leaving a trail of ever so soft kisses. I finally felt him reach the top of my underwear, and I felt him rub his thumb up and down the spot that my lips were at. He put his hands at my hips and wrapped his fingers around the strings of my underwear, pulling them off and revealing myself for all to see. My anticipation was visible as I bit my lip and ran my fingers through his hair. He placed my panties next to my bra and continued along with his trail of kisses. Suddenly, I felt his warm, wet tongue firmly run up my pussy; I couldn't help but let a moan slip through my lips. He continued moving up and down for a few moments before he spread my legs even further open, and then took both of his thumbs and spread my lips completely open. He thrust his tongue into me with the intensity of a thousand suns. I felt another moan escape me.

"How is his tongue so long?" I thought to myself.

He continued this for some time. He switched between licking and thrusting, and even used his fingers for a few blissful moments at a time. I could feel my insides getting warmer, I could feel my womanhood getting more wet, but most importantly, I felt him. I felt like I was about to explode, and just when I was about to cum, he stopped. This is presumably what I had done to him earlier.

"I think I'm ready, I really want to do this." he said.

"Me too. I want you to take me, no matter how. I just want you inside of me, now."

I replied, almost out of breath from the exercise I had just been taken on.

I nodded towards the box of condoms and the bottle of lubricant which I had so inconspicuously laid on my bedside table, encouraging him to put them on before we went any further. He stood up and took the rest of his clothes off, and then grabbed the box. His cock was close enough to my face that I teased him while he fidgeted with the box. I licked his cock from the base and started sucking random parts of it while I waited. I was just wanting to have some fun with him, and I didn't want to wait to touch him again.

When he finally got the condom on, he just stood there and stared at me. I didn't mind, because I could have stared at him all night. His cock was so massive, and his structure so gorgeous. I really hoped he would stay interested in me for as long as I planned on being interested in him. I didn't want anyone else. I just wanted him, forever.

"What's the matter?" I said, finally breaking the silence.

"I was just thinking of how I wanted to take you. There's countless ways and I want to make our first a special one. But I figured it out, so don't worry. Lay back down for me, baby." 

I did as he asked without hesitation, and felt him crawl back on top of me. He lubricated himself, and then our eyes met.

"Are you ready?" he asked.

"I am." I replied. 

I had been ready since the moment he stepped through my door. All of our anticipation through the night led to this one moment, and I was a burning furnace of love ready to take him into me. He slipped himself into me and we both simultaneously moaned in a moment of delightful pleasure. Feeling him on top of me and inside of me gave me the greatest feeling.

"Fuck, you're so tight Jess," he said, "you feel amazing."

"It's been so long since I met someone like you," I said in a moan, breathless, "I wanted to wait until I found someone special."

He began to thrust himself further into me, and then back out. In, and then out, repeatedly. He started us off slowly, and moved faster as time went on. I was enjoying myself so much, I must have came before he had even begun with me. He thrust himself into me again and lowered his head towards mine, and our lips met again after what felt like an eternity. He kissed me with so much passion, and made love with yet more. I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him deeper into me. He continued thrusting, and all the while I could not think of anything else other than how good this felt, and how I never wanted this moment to end. My body was red hot, and so was his. I could feel him pushing, harder, and faster. He lifted his lips from mine and began kissing and sucking on my neck. I'm sure he left a mark, but I didn't care; this was all I wanted. Every trivial thing I ever had yearned for in life now seemed small and forgettable. This was bliss.

Finally, I felt his cock pulsating inside of me, and I knew it was over. I didn't care. I was so happy to have him, and we had plenty of time to do this again in the future. I could tell by the look in his eyes throughout the entire night that he was the one. We had all the time in the world, I was confident of it. He moaned as he pushed into me one final time, and then gave me one more kiss on my lips. He rolled over in bed next to me. Both of us were out of breath and sweaty. After some time, he rolled back over and gave me another kiss. The silence was finally broken by him.

"Hey Jess?" he said.

"Yeah?"

"We should go to the movies a lot more often."