 I live in a two family house, where my girlfriend and I rent the first floor, while our neighbors rent the upstairs. Our neighbors are pretty cool, and we get along very well with them. Some nights, my girlfriend and I go upstairs to hang with them, and vice versa. We have lived here for a few years, and not much has ever changed in the neighborhood...until last summer. The house next door to us had been vacant for sometime and it seemed as though nobody would ever move in there. 

Finally one day last summer, there was a U-Haul van out in front of the house. We would finally have new neighbors. There were a lot of people helping to move in on that hot summer day, and nobody could figure out who was moving in. It wasn't for a couple of weeks until we could see that there was only a woman and her young daughter going in and out of the house, so we had it pinpointed to just the two of them. They pretty much kept to themselves, not really going out of their way to meet the neighborhood, which I can understand because there are some shady characters in our neighborhood.

She was a woman of about my age, mid to late twenties, with curly light brown hair, and a hot little body. There was something about her that was captivating to me. Maybe it was that she was so shy and never said much to anybody. I often found myself staring at her trying to figure her out. My girlfriend paid no attention to her as she never saw much of her, so I could watch our neighbor without getting caught. 

As the summer started to give way to fall, our new neighbor had been there for a few months, and I began to notice myself staring more and more at her. I had always made sure to conceal my infatuation with her because I didn't want to come across as the pervert neighbor that always stares at her from the window. One September evening, however, I was unexpectedly discovered. It was late, probably 10 o'clock or so, and I was cleaning up after the late dinner my girlfriend and I had. From the window over the sink in our kitchen, we can see into the living room of the house next door. I'm assuming that she recently had rearranged the set up in her living room, because I was distracted by the bright glow of the T.V. that I had not noticed before. The sheer curtains that she had in her living room kept me from seeing exactly what she was watching at first glance, but as I kept watching, I could make out that she was watching porn. I thought to myself oh my God, the hot new neighbor is watching porn. 

I paused for a moment to watch as all guys instinctively do when there is porn on any T.V. in their line of vision. There was a man and woman doing it doggy style in what looked like to be an outdoor scene. Now as I started to watch closely, it occurred to me that somewhere, our new neighbor has to be watching and probably pleasuring herself in some way. You don't just put porn on a television and not watch it. There's no such thing as accidental porn (as much as I've tried to convince my girlfriend that the porn just somehow got into the VCR) Suddenly, there she was in the window, in my direct vision. She was reaching up to shut the window shade, obviously forgetting to do it before her porn had started. I froze, not wanting to jump out of the way and draw her attention to the movement in the neighbors window and be found out. It was no use. As she started to shut the shade, our eyes met. I didn't know what to do, and she apparently didn't either. I just stood there in my kitchen, staring at her while she simply smiled, winked, and shut the shade.

The next morning, as I was getting into my car to head for work, I noticed the neighbor getting into her car as well. This was odd, because this was the first time I had seen her at this time of day. I said a friendly hello and started to get into my car. With my back turned, I heard her say, "I'm Debbie, but everyone calls me Sugar". I turned around before getting into my car and said "Sugar huh? How did you get that name?" She smiled and said, "because I'm so sweet" I laughed a little bit and said "I'm Dave, but all my friends call me Dave" trying to be funny. She giggled and said, "that's cute Dave" Realizing that I was now officially flirting with her, I got a little bit brave. I said, "have a good night last night?"

"Oh, just a wonderful night, thank you" she replied. "See anything good on TV last night?" I asked, getting braver by the minute. "Yeah, I watched a nature program, maybe you caught it too?" she said playfully. I said, "yeah, I think I caught a little bit of it, but then my reception went out"

"Too bad" she said, "It was quite a good show" We made a little more small talk, and then both got into our cars and went to work.

That evening, at about the same time, my girlfriend was upstairs hanging out with the neighbors. She's much more chatty with them than I am, so I stayed downstairs to clean up after dinner. Cleaning the dishes again, I noticed the now familiar glare of our neighbor's TV. I looked this time to notice that now the sheer curtain that was obstructing my view before, was now pulled to the side. Almost as if Debbie, or Sugar as she likes to be called, purposely was giving me a little show. I also noticed, although it was September and getting a little bit chilly at this time of night, the window was slightly open as well. 

My window was shut to keep out the cool evening air, but I opened it just a crack to see if I could hear anything from next door. I could barely make out the sounds of moaning from the porn that our neighbor was clearly watching, so I leaned closer to the window hoping to get a better listen. With my ear pressed to the window screen, I couldn't tell if I was hearing the moans of the two on the screen, or if I was in fact hearing the lustful moans of our neighbor. I wanted to find out if I was really hearing our neighbor, so I decided to get brave again. 

I snuck out the back door, onto our back deck. I made my way down the stairs and onto the small patch of grass that separated the two properties. Creeping closer to the open window, I couldn't help but think of how this looked. Anyone seeing what I was doing would surely call the cops to report a peeping tom. But I didn't care anymore. 

As I got closer to the window, I could hear the moans and heavy breathing of the actors on the television, but nothing else. It was getting pretty dark so I got up real close so I could peek into the window. I remember thinking to myself, if I'm caught, I'm so dead. Probably arrested, and most likely in deeper shit from my girlfriend. I slowly peeked over the bottom of the window and into our neighbors living room. I could see the porn clear as day, but where was our naughty little neighbor? Feeling guilty, I decided to retreat back to my house before I got caught. As I snuck back up the steps to my deck, I saw our neighbor, sitting in one of our deck chairs, wearing nothing but a little red nightie. Shocked, I mumbled something like, "nice evening, isn't it?" 

She just stared at me. 

I said, "so what are you doing over here?" Again, silence from my neighbor. Staring at her in her tiny little nightie, I felt my cock start to stir in my jeans. Suddenly I remembered, oh god, what if my girlfriend comes downstairs, this will look really bad. My neighbor stands up, catches me off guard and pushes me into one of the deck chairs. She looks at me and says, "Is this what you were hoping to see over at my window?" as she lifts her leg and puts it up on the arm of my chair. Her hand lifts up her tiny little see thru nightie and reveals to me a shaved, swollen, and dripping wet pussy. I had nothing else to do but stare at her pussy as she began to slide her fingers in between her lips. 

My cock was now growing at a rapid rate. She took her now juicy wet fingers and slowly sucked on each one of them as I stared. With her leg up on the arm of my chair, I was pretty much pinned into the spot I was at with no place to go. As she licked her fingers for me to see, I instinctively brought my fingers to her pussy. She moaned as I slid my fingers back and forth on her lips. Her hips started to buck back and forth on my fingers as I slowly pushed them into her silky smooth pussy. She moaned as her knees started to buckle underneath her as my fingers probed deeper into her. I'm totally dead if my girlfriend comes down now I think to myself as I unbutton my jeans. 

My cock springs free as she lunges for my cock with her mouth. Her mouth envelopes my entire cock, moaning as she slides it in and out of her pretty lips. I lie my head back enjoying her velvety tongue massaging every inch of my swollen shaft. Precum starts to ooze out of my tip and she starts to breathe heavier as she hungrily licks up every drop as it emerges. For some reason, I now start to get morals and start to think of my girlfriend. "Wait a minute..." I start to say. I'm abruptly stopped as she slides her slippery fingers, drenched with her pussy juices into my mouth. She strokes my cock with one hand, while I suck her sweet pussy juices off of the other. My cock starts to throb as I look down at her on her hands and knees in front of me. I guide her back to the chair she was in when I came back onto the deck, and position her up against it with her elbows on the seat cushion. 

She realizes what it is that I'm trying to do and lifts up the back of her nightie, arches her back, and spreads her legs slightly. I rub the soft skin of her tight little ass which causes her to let out a low lustful moan. "You want my cock Sugar?" I ask her, already knowing the answer. She moans a yes to me. Her lips were so wet that it felt as if my cock would disappear instantly into her. I slipped just my head inside her, teasing her a little bit. Her ass squirmed in front of me wanting my cock all the way inside her. She moans and pushes back against me still trying to get all of me inside. Thinking to myself that I probably shouldn't be teasing her if my girlfriend could come downstairs at any minute and catch us, but seeing how much more it makes her want me, I continue to tease her. 

I slide my head up and down along her pussy lips, making her wetter still. Slowly I push just my head in and out of her swollen pulsating lips, teasing her even more. Pushing more and more in with each little thrust, she starts begging, "please, please, please" hoping that the next thrust will be the one that penetrates her all the way and sends her over the edge. By now, my thrusts are only letting a little more than two inches of my 8 inch cock into her. I start to slow down my tiny little thrusts, much to her dismay, and slowly slip my cock out of her so that my tip is barely touching her lips. My cock slips up along the length of her pussy lips, pushing up against her hard swollen clit. 

I hear her whisper in a slow deliberate tone, "Dave, If you don't fuck me right now, I'm going to make so much noise that not only you're girlfriend will hear, but the entire neighborhood, if not the whole city will hear". With that little threat, I bring my tip away from her clit, which her fingers are now rubbing, and position it just outside her pussy lips. 

Without warning, I slam my cock so hard into her that my balls slap up against her clit. She bites down on the chair cushion and lets out what would otherwise be an extremely loud scream. I feel her knees buckle underneath her again as I rear back and slam it into her again. Slapping her ass, I'm almost sure now that we will be found out, if not for the muffled screams, but for the loud smack that my hand makes each time it hits her ass. Her pussy making wet slurping noises as my cock slides in and out of it. Feeling her pussy juices dribble out around my cock and ooze down her inner thighs as I fuck her wildly. 

I can feel my cock start to fill up with cum and I notice that she can too as she tells me to let it go in her. Holding onto her hips, I ram my cock deep inside her, holding it in her as cum gushes out of my tip. Spurt after spurt jumps into her dripping wet pussy. My cock jolts inside her with each spurt of cum and she oohs with each spurt. Her pussy walls tighten around my cock as her body tenses up and she lets out a loooong moan into the chair cushion as she cums. 

I collapse onto her, spent from the intense orgasm that just drained us both. "Welcome to the neighborhood Sugar" I manage to say as my breathing starts to calm down. "Thanks a ton" she says as we both get up off of my deck. We make a little small talk as the both of us clearly just want to get to bed. She walks back to her house, and I walk into mine just as my girlfriend comes in the door. "Did you get the dishes all clean Honey?" she asks me. "Yup!" I nod as we both start to get ready for bed...