 I live in a small town in the Midwest and am fortunate to work out of my home. It's my own business, so I am able to set my own hours. I write technical articles for a variety of automobile and truck magazines. I've been doing this sort of thing for over twenty years and am well respected in my craft. I'm not getting rich, but it provides a very decent living. On occasion I do get my hands on some really nice cars and trucks to drive and write articles on. 

The neighborhood that I live in is hilly. My house sets on higher ground than the neighbors on either side of me. Six-foot board fences for privacy surround all of the back yards. In my case, because of how my house is situated I have a clear view into both of my neighbors' back yards. My home office is located at the back of the house with French doors that open onto the rear deck. My neighbors to the east have a nice patio area and a pool in their back yard while the neighbors to the west have a large concrete patio and no pool. The Johnson's, who live to my east, have lived in their house for many years. I moved in about 5 years ago and they had been there for several years prior to that. 

Frank and Betty Johnson have two college age daughters. One, Sally, the older of the two, attends a state university some distance away and is only home on breaks and vacations. The other daughter, Samantha, lives at home and attends a local community college and works part time. Frank is a regular guy whom I get along with quite well. He is a supervisor of some kind in a local manufacturing plant. His hours are irregular as he supervises two shifts and you never know when he will be home. Betty works part time at our local library, three days a week and is home most of the rest of the time. She and I get along very well. As a writer I often visit our local library for research purposes and she has been very friendly and helpful in assisting me in finding the information that I was looking for.

On the other side of me a young couple had just recently moved in. John is a line haul owner/operator trucker and is absent from home for up to a month at a time. He works all 48 states and hauls wherever he can get a load. His wife, Terry works as a waitress in one of our better local restaurants. Her normal shift hours are the dinner service, so she works from about 3:00 in the afternoon till around 9:00 in the evening. I hadn't had much opportunity to get to know her, but we were on speaking terms. What three or four times that I have talked to her husband John I wasn't impressed. He came across and an arrogant, self-centered, asshole and that description is being very generous. Terry on the other hand is just plain cute. About 5'2", a little heavy with small to average sized breasts and a full figure. She was probably 30 plus pounds overweight. Her most outstanding feature is her face and her personality. She is a cutie, no doubt about it, and her effervescent personality captivates you.

Our neighborhood is on a cul-de-sac and is very quite. No traffic except for those who live here or are visiting someone on our street. 

It was late spring and the weather was very nice out. I had noticed that Samantha had taken to doing a little sunbathing out by their pool in the late morning before she would go to work or to class. She would also be out by the pool once in a while in the afternoon. I enjoyed these times when Samantha was out sun bathing. She had a youthful body that was tight and well shaped. She was not built spectacularly, just nice to look at. And as with most of youth today the bathing suits she wore were hardly more that a few square inches of cloth. The tops barely covered the areolas of her breasts and the bottoms just covered her sex while the thong that ran up her ass didn't cover anything. 

Samantha was laying out sun bathing one Tuesday morning and I had been enjoying the view from my office, when her mother, Betty came out to speak to her. They talked about when she had classes and work that week as Betty had some things that she needed her to do. As Betty was getting ready to go back into the house she admonished Samantha about her bathing suit, telling her something to the effect that for all it covered she might as well not be wearing one at all. Sam's reply was that there was privacy in the back yard and no one could see her. As Sam mentioned that, Betty glanced toward my house and just turned and went back in. As I watched her Sam seemed a little put out. She flopped over on her back, removed what little top she had on and threw it on the patio beside her. She poured some oil out in her hands and applied it to her breasts and lay back down. This was great; those two young pert titties jutting proudly sky ward and her little nipples standing at attention. She was really good to look at. All I could think about was putting my mouth on them.

About this same time I noticed Terry coming out onto her patio. She was also wearing a bikini, but not nearly as small as Sam's. The bright blue cloth of the bikini really stood out against her light untanned skin. She applied suntan oil to all the exposed areas of her body that she could reach. She lay down on the chase lounge with her face away from me. Her pussy was aimed directly at me. If my eyes were better I bet I could have made out the outline of her pussy through the cloth of her bikini bottoms. She was quite interesting to look at lying there in the sun. Her rotund little body, her breasts standing up from her chest and her shapely legs were all very enticing. 

The contrast of the two female forms open to my view was very striking.

About this time Sam got up form her lounge chair and stripped off her bikini bottom and dove into the pool. It was a shame though, as she was facing away from me when she took them off. She swam a couple of laps and then got out of the pool. This time I got the full frontal assault. Her young pussy was completely shaved and her lips were clearly visible. She walked over to the chase lounge, picked up her towel and dried her self off. She then retrieved her bathing suit and went into the house. Terry lay there for about a half an hour before turning over. She did have a cute little ass also. She lay on her front side for another half an hour. I was pretty sure that she had gotten a burn from her stay in the sun. 

If things kept up this way it was going to be a pleasant summer.

The next day about 10:00 Sam came out again. Only this time she wasn't wearing a suit at all. She oiled up and lay down on her chase lounge. She turned several times giving me quite a view of her body from every angle. I was enjoying this immensely. After Sam had been out there about an hour Betty came out to join her in a bright red bikini. It was revealing, but large enough to cover her modesty.

"At least you could put something on Sam," Betty admonished her daughter and glancing over at my house. "What if someone sees you?"

"Who's going to see? No one can see us back here anyway." Was Sam's response. No one except me and I was really enjoying the sights. It was not difficult to see where Sam got her great body. Betty was just an older more mature version of her young daughter. Nice breasts, trim waist, killer thighs and legs. She was a very nice looking package indeed. 

The both lay there sunning themselves for a while. Sam had gotten up and jumped into the pool once to cool off. When Betty turned over on her stomach to sun her back she undid her top strap to eliminate a tan line. She also moved the waistband of her bottoms down to make the tan lower. More skin, great, I loved it. Shortly Betty got up and jumped into the pool to cool off. When she exited I got the full frontal view. She had not put her top on when she went into the pool. Her breasts were outstanding. They were half again as large as Sam's with large dark nipples. I could imagine putting my mouth on them. She came back and lay down on her back, breasts pointing up in the air. Due to their size they flattened out a little as she lay there, but they were still stood up well. I did notice that as she lay down that she glanced over at my house. I wonder if she could see me? I didn't think so, anyway I didn't look at myself as a peeping Tom because they were out in the open and I was not peeking in their windows. At least that was how I rationalized it. At about noon they both got up and went in.

The next morning I was up early and started to work to finish early or at least be able to take a break about noon. I even thought about going to a local sporting goods or camera store and picking up a good set of binoculars, but decided against it. Betty and Sam didn't show up this day. But Terry did. She came out at about 11:00 and took up her position on the lounge chair on her patio. This time though when she was on her back she undid her bra and removed it to avoid the tan lines. I could see from her color that she was a little burned. She lay for a while on her stomach and the rolled over to sun her front side. She didn't put on her top and spent a lot of time oiling her front and her breasts. I wanted to run over to the fence and offer to help, but I restrained my self. She really did have some really nice tits. 

This activity went on changed for the next couple of weeks. Some times I would see one of them, sometimes all three. They had all given up wearing the tops to their bikinis and Sam more often than not was completely nude. This was very nice and I was thourghly enjoying it. 

One day about midweek Sam came out to get her dose of sun and had two of her girlfriends with her. Once they all reached the pool area Sam stripped down to her birthday suit. Her two friends were a little reluctant to strip, but after some encouragement from Sam, bless her heart, they also stripped. There is something about the bodies of young women. They seemed so fresh and tight, and these two were no exception. One was a blonde with a carefully trimmed blonde muff and the other was a brunette and completely shaved smooth like Sam. Both had very nice bodies. They were nothing extraordinary, but just very nice. This was a most entertaining afternoon. I thought about getting a camera with a big telephoto lens to preserve some of these sights, but decided against it. Again this seemed a little perverse to me.

Nothing happened the next two days. On Saturday Terry came out to sun herself. As the last time, she removed her top, oiled up and lay in the sun. Her husband had either just gotten home or was already home. When he came out onto the patio and saw her topless he yelled, "What the fuck do you think you are doing you slut!" 

Evidently he didn't approve of her being topless outside. He walked across the patio to her. I could tell by his manner that he was pissed. When he got to her he slapped her hard across the breast I could feel the sting of that slap from where I sat. Terry screamed and he hit her again. 

"What do you think you are doing you dumb slut," He yelled at her. "Cover yourself up, now bitch!"

This was going to far. I picked up the phone and called 911. I gave them the information as quickly as I could. He had hit her twice more on the side of her face while I was making the call. When I hung up I raced out the back door, ran around the side of the house to my gate a quick 180ยบ turn and in through their gate. He had grabbed her by the hair and was ready to hit her again when I tackled him. We both went rolling. He had released his grip on Terry. She was screaming and crying. John got his feet first got himself ready and as I tried to stand he caught me with a good right hook to the jaw, I went down again slightly dazed. He turned his attention toward Terry. Taking the only action that came to mind at the moment I struck out with all my force with a right kick and caught John in the side of the knee. His leg collapsed under him and he went down crying out in pain. Man, I'll bet that hurt. I meant it to though. He lay on the patio holding his leg and crying out in pain. I grabbed Terry, helped her to her feet and ushered her out of her yard and into mine. I locked the gate for what little good it would do and took her straight into my house. I set her down on the couch in my study and ran to the bedroom to get her a robe to cover up with. Once she got the robe on I led her to the front room just as the police arrived. 

I opened the front door and called them in. There were two cars and four cops. One of them seemed to be in charge. I told him that I was the one who called. I then relayed to them what I had seen. He then turned to Terry and asked her if that was accurate. She was still sobbing. All she could do was nod her head yes. He then asked if she wanted to press charges. Again she nodded yes.

He and two of the officers went next door. We heard a lot of yelling and cursing and then it got quite. About this time Betty showed up at my door and asked if everything was ok and if there was anything she could do. I suggested that she could help Terry while I went to get an ice pack for her face. When I returned to the living room I gave the ice pack to Betty and she administered it to Terry. Out the front window I saw John, in handcuffs, being loaded into the back of the patrol car. Two of the officers stayed outside and the one in charge came back in. He asked Terry a number of questions. And took my name, address and phone number. He then told Terry that she would have to come down to the station tomorrow morning and sign an official complaint. He also told me that I would also have to come and sign a statement. He told us that John was being charged with spousal abuse, assault and battery, assault on an officer of the law and resisting arrest. All totaled, a pretty heavy list of charges. They left then and took John off to jail.

Betty stayed and we both tried our best to console and calm Terry. She finally calmed down some. She didn't want to stay alone that night. I offered her my spare guest room for as long as she felt she needed it. Betty went home with her so she could get some things and lock up her house. I showed her where the guest room and the adjoining bathroom were and got her some clean towels. I also showed her the lock on the bedroom door. She said that she was going to take a hot shower and lay down for a while. Betty and I went back into my study/office. I asked her if she wanted something to drink. She said that she would have a Pepsi if I had one. I went to the kitchen to get our drinks. When I returned to my study with the sodas. She was standing looking out the French doors into our back yards. I handed her the drink.

"Thank you, it was a good thing you were watching. He could have beaten her pretty badly before someone else might have heard. You are a good man to have gone over to her rescue. Not many others would have gone past the call to 911. You know, not wanting to get involved or put them at risk. And you were watching weren't you?" she stated. 

What the hell was supposed to say now? "I was working and won't deny that I saw her, but it wasn't like I was peeping through the fence or in her window," I said in my own defense. "The way our yards and houses and situated I couldn't help but notice."

"It's ok Jerry, honestly, I understand and am well aware of the layout. So is my daughter Sam. Did you enjoy the little show she, and I'll admit, I have been putting on for you?" she remarked.

Now I was embarrassed. "Yes, I did enjoy it. You are both beautiful women and the view was spectacular. I'm just sorry that it will end now."

"Who said anything about it coming to an end?" She retorted.

I was too stunned to say anything. 

Are you planning to take Terry down to the police station tomorrow? If you can't I'll gladly do it. Or if you would like me to go with the both of you I'll be happy to do that. I have tomorrow off and want to help her if I can." She offered.

"That would be nice, I think that she would appreciate your support."

"I just hope they keep John locked up, I am not looking forward to facing him again. He is younger and probably stronger than me and I don't know if I would be so lucky next time."

"It sounds as though you handled yourself pretty well. I would be proud to have you come to my rescue," she said.

"You do have a very good view of our pool area from here," She said with a giggle in her voice. 

With that she sat down on the couch and me in my desk chair and we talked at length about what Terry's options were. As I rose from my chair I asked her if she would like to help me fix some lunch. She said that would be nice and we went into the kitchen. In short order we had whipped up some BLT sandwiches, chips and iced tea. While doing so I could have sworn that Betty rubbed up against me more than the closeness of my kitchen warranted. It felt good, her body touching mine. When lunch was ready Betty went to get Terry.

They returned to the kitchen in a few minutes and we ate lunch. Terry seemed to have regained most her composure. She related to us that it was not the first time that John had gotten physical with her. In fact there had been numerous other times. Afterward he was repentant and begged her forgiveness and promised that it would never happen again. Promises not kept. She had decided that this was the last time. In addition to pressing charges against him she was also going to get a restraining order against him and file for divorce. She had had enough. Both ladies became concerned about the bruise that was developing on the side of my face and insisted that I lay down on the couch in the den with an ice pack for a while. As I lay there listening to their banter and watching them I thought how nice this was. Two good-looking women concerned about me. This was nice. Later Terry excused herself to go home and start dinner for her family, but promised to come over the next morning to go with us to the police station. 

As she was about to leave she came over to the couch and gave me a peck on the cheek and said, "My Hero, take care, I'll see you in the morning," and left. 

I was given a magnificent view down her blouse at her wonderful breasts as she had bent over. I was receiving all sorts of treats today.

Terry was still a little shaky and came over and set next to me on the couch. We talked for a while. She told me that she hadn't been happy with John for quite a while and felt relieved that she had decided to end it with him and get on with her life.

She rose and walked over to the French doors. She was standing if front of the doors backlit by the afternoon sun. The sun outlined her legs through her thin cotton dress. She wasn't wearing a slip and it appeared as though she were not wearing any thing at all. For me this was a very erotic sight.

"You have a very good view of my back yard from here. Do you work here often during the day?" She asked.

"Yes, this is my home work office and I spend most of my days here," I answered.

"You've seen me sun bathing on my patio then haven't you?" She asked.

"As a matter of fact I have, and a beautiful sight it was," What else could I say? I couldn't deny it and decided to try and turn it into a compliment. 

"So you liked what you saw. My pudgy little body." Was her comment?

" Not pudgy, cute, very cute," was my reply.

" I don't mind that you saw me, if I had known maybe I could have shown you more."

"I would have liked that, liked that very much."

With that she turned and came over to the couch where I was reclining. She knelt down on the floor next to the couch and put her arms around me and gave me a big hug the kissed me firmly on the mouth.

"I can't tell you how thankful I am for what you did today. Had you not come over he would have beaten me much worse. Thank you, I owe you more than a debt of gratitude for that."

"You don't owe me any thing, I was only to thankful to do it. I'm just glad that it turned out like it has."
