 It was late Wednesday afternoon when the young gal living with her mother in the apartment below mine came knocking on my door. She's Kate and to tell the truth not a gal I had paid much attention to over the years. Looking at her now it dawned on me that she is good looking with a very slim figure.

"Bill, I came up to invite you to my birthday party my mom is throwing for me tomorrow afternoon. It's a big one for me in that it's my 21st. and that makes me legal in everything. Whoop de do."

"Great, I'll be glad to come down and give you the 21 smacks on your ass that a birthday that important calls for."

"Mmmm, do I have to have clothes on or are you going to smack my bare ass?" She answered with a devilish look on her face.

"I'll make that decision tomorrow" I had had a thing with her mother a year or so ago but that was long over with and I wasn't sure if Kate even knew about it and was sort of hinting that I could pick up with her where I left off with her mother.

She turned to go back downstairs and looked over her shoulder saying, 

"How old will you be on your next birthday? I need to know so I'll be prepared to give you the smacks you deserve?"

"I'll be twenty five and I think that I'll enjoy getting smacked by you." I replied with as much of a double-entendre as I could squeeze into my answer.

"I'm really going to be looking forward to that." She said with a smirk and went out the door.

I called down asked her mom what I should get Kate as a gift. She thought a moment and said that a gift card at one of the local clothing shops that was the 'in' place of the day.

Kate gave me no clue as to how big a party this was going to be. Their apartment wasn't gigantic but I was astonished when I walked in and saw that it was packed with well over thirty guests and in looking around there were a good number of females there I'd have to follow up on. A couple in particular were drop-dead gorgeous.

I sidled over to the birthday girl and leaned down and whispered in her ear. "OK drop your pants. It's time for me to give you the twenty one bare-ass birthday smacks we talked about."

"Awww, not with this crowd seeing my bare butt. Another time!!"

"I knew you'd back out. " I laughed and turned to go over and chat with one of the other girls I had my eye on earlier.

It was about three weeks later that there was another unexpected knock at my door and sure enough it was Kate showing a huge smile as I opened it.

"It's time for you to go into your butt smacking routine. Do you have time for it now?" She said with a huge smile.

"Sure c'mon in, let me get my paddle out in case my hand isn't enough." 

"Oh no, NO paddles."

She continued with, "Bill, I have to confess. I'm a real phony. I talk a good game but I'm a virgin and don't know a darn thing about anything sexual ...even getting my butt smacked."

"Oh honey, the whole butt smacking thing was just a joke. We don't have to go through with it."

"No, NO, NO. If we go through with it you are going to see my bare ass and get pretty close to it with your hand doing the spanking. It's going to be the nearest thing to sex that I've been involved with and I have to start somewhere."

"Kate, this is crazy. If you want to get involved with sex this is NOT the way to do it. Come over to the sofa and we can talk about it."

"Well, if you don't want to smack my bare butt what the heck are we going to talk about?"

"Kate, cut this bare butt talk. I'll get you involved with sex but not by smacking your bare butt; maybe by kissing it but not smacking it."

"Oh boy, that sounds like something I have only read about. Do I have to kiss yours in return?" 

She came over to the sofa and I began with,

"So what do you know about sex and what do you want to learn?" I asked.

She responded with, "Oh hell, I've read a dozen books on the subject but as you can well imagine reading about something is nothing like experiencing it. Like right now, if you and I were going to have sex how would it start, who would make the first move, and what would that move be?" 

"Wow, you really are in the dark about the subject aren't you?"

"I told you I was. I wasn't BS'n"

"Kate, this is lunacy and I'm not going through with it. If you really want to know more about sex than you know now I can help you with some sex tapes. They'll show you everything that a guy and gal can do together. If after seeing those you can come back upstairs and ask any questions you like."

She got up from the sofa and stomped to my door saying "Well, if you'd rather not see a young girl's bare ass I guess there's nothing I can do about it."

With that she yanked the door to my place open and said, "I'll see what these tapes have to offer but I'm wondering who is going to explain the stuff to me."

'Damn Kate, let's not get nasty. If after you look the tapes over I'll be happy to explain what the actors are doing." As I said this I got up and moved close to her in my doorway and reached out and pulled her to me giving her a huge kiss. "I'll see you soon." I laughed.

"You really can be a pain in the ass do you know that?" She said with a huge smile.

"So I've been told"

My cock was rock hard but the way this was going I'd be sure to get in some kind of trouble if I let it go any further right then. I was going to wait a bit until she had the chance to look over the half dozen or so tapes I had just given her.

****

It was a few weeks later that someone was at my door again. 

"Hi," she opened with. "Can a girl get a cup of coffee up here or do you save that for your friends?"

"You mean you are not my friend? I have some coffee on but I do only serve it to friends." and I started to close the door in jest.

"Oh cut the crap and let me in. I have a ton of questions for you about the tapes you loaned me. Is your earlier offer still good that you'll answer any questions I might have?"

"Sure, come on in."

I led her to the living room and broughttwo coffees in and set them on the coffee table in front of the sofa where we were sitting.

"Ask away"

"Well, in the first tape the guy is putting his penis in the girl's rectum rather than her vagina. Is that normal?"

"Wow, you go right to the point but you are going to have to learn the popular street phrasing of what you saw. They are never referred to as the 'penis' or 'rectum' or 'vagina.

Penis would be 'prick' 'dick' or 'cock', rectum would simply be 'ass' and vagina would be 'pussy' or 'cunt' but "cunt is usually thought of as too vulgar. And what the guy was doing to the girl on the tape was simply 'fucking her ass'

"On the tape it looked as if it was really hurting her to get her ass fucked that way. I can't imagine having a guy jam his prick up my ass. It must hurt terribly."

"Well, it does hurt the girl if the guy isn't ultra-careful and tender and even then it is going to hurt her. The reason he does it is that the girl's ass grabs his cock tighter than her pussy does and that feels good for him. The girl has to think a lot of him for her to let him do it.

"OK, my first lesson is to never let a guy even think of sticking his prick up my tender ass. I don't think I'll ever care enough for any guy to let him hurt me that way.

"OK question number 2. In one scene the girl was sucking on his prick. What is that all about?"

"While it may look as if she's sucking on him she really wasn't. She was simply using her warm mouth to act as if he had his prick in her pussy and if you noticed she would have been moving her head in and out so that his cock would feel as he was fucking her pussy with his prick. To be real truthful guys seem to like it a lot for it makes them feel they are in control of the girl. It is called getting a 'blow job'. You might have also seen on some of the other pictures a photo where the guy has his head buried in the gal's crotch. He is simply using his tongue in place of his fingers to arouse the gal. He'd spread that gals pussy lips and then hold them open with his face while his tongue would do its best to drive the gal over the top. It's called 'eating pussy'."

"Question number 3 was easy. The girl is in a number of different positions when they are fucking. In one she is on her stomach and he his sticking her prick in her pussy from the rear. In another she is on her back and he has lifted her legs so they are resting on his shoulders and he has his arms resting on the bed while he is fucking her. On another that looked like fun he is lying on his back and she is straddling over him and she slides her pussy down on his prick and then she rose up and down so that she was really the one fucking him."

"There was one other position that had me laughing. The guy was lying on his back and the girl is kneeling over him with her big tits hanging down over his prick. He reaches up and presses her tits together clamping his prick between them. She then moved forward and back as if he was fucking her tits but really she was the one doing the moving. When he had his orgasm he shot it all over his chest and some of it went up on her face. I laughed myself silly on that one"

"So did I get all the positions right?"

"You sure did. Other than the plain one of the girl lying on her back with the guy on top of her. It's commonly referred to as the 'missionary position'.

Which one did you think you would like the best?"

"Are you asking me that so when we get around to doing it that will be the way we'll have sex?"

"Oh hell no. I 'm going to have you lying on your stomach with your legs wide open so I can jam my prick up your tight little ass while you are screaming for mercy. How does that sound?"

It sounds just great if you aren't going to mind me getting the chef's knife out of the kitchen and cutting off your precious prick. Now how does THAT sound?" she answered.

"Not so very nice you butcher."

She laughed but there was more than just a little touch of sincerity of what she had threatened.

"There were a few other positions where the girl just clamped her hand around his prick and moved her hand up and down until he had his orgasm."

"Yeah, that is referred to as getting a 'hand job' or simply having her 'jerk him off'. I replied.

"There were another couple scenes where he was pushing his fingers in and out of her pussy as if he was masturbating her."

"That's basically what he was doing. He was reaching in her with his fingers to find her clit and then let the tips of his fingers lightly massage it to make her have her own orgasm. It's hard to see that on a film because the gal doesn't shoot her orgasm the way a guy does."

"What they didn't show on the tapes was how does the guy get his prick hard. They surely don't walk around all the time like that."

"No they don't. Mine is soft right now and I'd be happy to show you how it gets hard. Would you like to see that?" 

"Oh yes I would. Show away."

I reached down and opened my fly and pulled my cock out from my skivvies and let it lay soft on my jeans.

"Now give me your hand and let it lie on top of my prick and just lightly let your hand go up and down my shaft. You can let your fingers wrap around the shaft ever so lightly."

She was doing it perfectly and I could feel the heat start deep in my groin.

"Can you feel anything changing down there?" I asked somewhat breathlessly.

"Yes it seems to be getting bigger and a little harder."

"Keep on doing just what you are doing and it won't be another minute or so and I'll be as hard as a rock."

Sure enough I soon had a hard-on to end all hard-on's. I don't think my prick was ever larger or harder.

"Oh my God, you are huge. You could never get that in a girl."

"Sure I could. Most condoms nowadays are lubricated so that eliminates the need for any additional lube. I'll bet your pussy is dripping wet right now with all we've been talking about and with what you just did to me."

As I was saying this I reached over and slid my hand up under the leg of her shorts and panties and her pussy was soaked.

"Kate, slip your shorts and panties off and let my fingers search out your clit and see if I can give you a great orgasm."

She lifted her ass up so her shorts and panties could slide off easily and they were soon on the floor.

"Kate, Let's move into the bedroom I'd hate to get this new sofa soaked with all of our juices."

We got up and I led her to the bedroom and when we got to the side of the bed I simply jerked the bedspread and blanket down to the foot of it and we sat on the side of the bed.

"Kate, I'm going to remove all of my clothes rather than get them soaked. You might want to do the same."

A few minutes later we were both nude on the bed. I slowly and gently moved my hand over to her upper thigh and then let it move up towards her pussy. I then let my fingers spread the lips of her pussy and inserted a couple of them deep in her.

"Oh my God Bill, that feels terrific. Don't stop."

She was moaning big time and I removed my fingers from her and slid down on the bed and positioned my face directly over her pussy. I spread the lips with two hands and let my mouth drop between them. My tongue was busy and she was climbing the walls.

"Bill, I feel as if I am going to explode. Keep doing that."

It wasn't long before she was throwing her hips high in the air and forcing my tongue ever deeper in her. Whew, she was going to have one hell of an orgasm if this is any indication of how she is feeling. To help her along I raised one hand and began fondling her breast. I let my fingers lightly twirl her nipple and that was all it took. I could feel her moving her pussy in time with the movement of my tongue and I knew the explosion wasn't going to be far off.

That didn't last much more than a couple minutes before she was throwing her hips high enough to almost throw me off her and off the bed. 

Her orgasm was huge with her juices pouring out of her. I lapped up all that I could before I removed my mouth from her and reinserted my fingers deep inside of her.

"Oh my God Bill, that was unbelievable."

As she was saying that she had let her fingers move down so that they were holding my

prick.

"Bill, there are some juices coming out of you right now."

"That is called 'precum' and it is signaling that I'm not far away from having an orgasm."

"What can I do for you to help you along?"

I moved around so I was facing her and put a hand behind her head and pulled it down so that he lips were almost touching the head of my cock. "Open your mouth Kate and take the head of me in you."

I could feel the warmth of her mouth as she did that and I then pulled her head down on me so that she had a solid four inches buried. 

"Move your head up and down Kate and use a hand to play with my balls and I'll come in a few minutes."

The question was whether or not I was going to come in her mouth or pull away and come on her face and chest.

There wasn't enough time for me to make that decision for I immediately started to fill her mouth with my load and she began gulping it down.

"Oh yes honey, suck me dry and swallow every drop."

It felt as if I was never going to stop coming but she just kept on swallowing every load I shot.

"Whew, Kate, that was something else ....probably the best blow job I ever had."

She finally pulled away from my cock and said, "I'm going to the bathroom and wash up a bit. Don't go away."

"Grab a towel for me while you're at it in there."

She was back on the bed in a few minutes with a huge smile plastered all over her face.

"Did I do it right Bill?"

"Honey, you couldn't have done it any better. Come here and lie beside me"

She lay in the crook of my arm staring up at me and said with a huge smile, "you tasted salty." 

"Did you enjoy your orgasm?" I asked.

"Enjoy it? I thought I had died and went to heaven. Where in the world did you ever learn to do that?"

"It was easy with someone as lovely as you." I replied.

While we were chatting I had the fingers of one hand tenderly massaging the underside of a breast and I leaned down and took the nipple between my lips and just sucked on it ever so tenderly.

"Oh my God, what you're doing is going to get me all excited again."

"Well, I'd better wait a little while until I have recharged. As soon as I have I am going to give you what you want as far as me lying on my back while you are straddling me with my prick buried inside of you."

****



It took me almost an hour or so before I was ready for some more action. With the size of the load I unloaded in her mouth an hour or so earlier I thought it would take me a lot longer.

After chatting about a ton of things she reached down and slowly slid her fingers up and down my shaft. That was all it took.

I leaned over and grabbed a condom out of the drawer on the bedside table and put it on.

"Ohhh, I heard about those things but I never saw one. Will it catch your juice rather than shoot it inside of me?"

"Well, that's what they are designed to do but if you and I are going to have a lot of sex in the future it would be better if you got a prescription for birth control pills. As long as you didn't forget to take one every day it would be safer than taking a chance of the condom breaking. You just couldn't let your mom know you were taking them. She'd have a fit."

I lay on my back and guided her on top of me. "Raise up Kate and position yourself so that your pussy is over the head of my cock. I'll hold you up until we are ready for you to lower yourself. You do understand that the minute you drop down you will no longer be a virgin so if that is going to bother you we'd better stop right where we are."

"No, I don't give a damn if I will no longer be a virgin. I want to feel that prick of yours inside of me."

She was straddling me as she said that and the minute she had one foot on the bed on either side of me I reached up and was cupping her breasts in my hands.

"OK honey, lower yourself slowly while I prevent you from going down too fast."

The head of my prick was just opening her up and she had about an inch of it inside of her. I held her tits securely as I lowered her down preventing from any sudden free fall. Another minute and she had a full four inches inside of her and her eyes were opening wide with a huge smile on her face

.

"You're in me all the way."

"No honey, you have another four inches to go."

"Wow, am I going to be able to take it all?"

"No problem Kate. I'm going to let you down a lot right now and you soon will have all eight inches buried in your lovely tight pussy."

I let her down all the way and there was a huge smile plastered all over her face.

"We did it!!"

"Yes we did now you can rise and fall as fast as you would like while I entertain myself playing with these gorgeous breasts of yours. Some guys think that a girl needs to have tits as big as a basketball to be attractive. I like them just larger than a handful and yours are perfect." 

She was rising and falling as I pulled her face down to mine and planted a huge kiss on her sweet lips.

"Bill, I know that this is going to sound way off base but I think I could easily fall in love with you. You are sweeter than I could imagine any man being and you take great care of me."

"Hush that for right now honey and concentrate on bringing yourself to orgasm and I'll do the same. If you can't do it like this I'll pull out of you and finish you off with my mouth buried between your pussy lips with my tongue reaching far up inside of you."

"Shhh, Bill, I'm going to come like this so just twirl my tits a little more and I'll be over the top in a few minutes."

Sure enough, a minute or so later she was tossing her head from side to side with her long hair flung out on either side of her face.
