 'Good morning, Alice! Oh! I did not know you had company! I will speak to you later, Love.'

'Don't go, Terry! This is Molly, my daughter! I was telling her all about you. What a lovely man you are! Say hello to Terry, Molly.'

'I must say you have brought back a grin to my Mum's face, Terry. I am very pleased to meet you. I'm a lonely widow-woman too. I was wondering if you had some of the joy you give my Mum, for me?'

Before you think I am cradle snatching. Alice did tell me about this daughter of hers and I happened to know she is fifty-nine years young. A little bit plump here and there, but still a nice looking woman. She was no shrinking violet because she got up laboriously from her chair and grabbed my old bones and gave me a smacker on my lips that even a vacuum cleaner company would have given thousands to get hold of. Of course old Alice was back to her grinning again and me not noted for my bravery when facing extreme peril...Wanted out of there! 

I was Mollified! My heart was palpitating alarmingly. I sat down on the couch because my legs were crying out for my trusty Zimmer. Being macho and a show-off at heart I had bravely walked across to Alice's unaided. After all, if you want to get into a girls knickers you have to prove that you are capable, don't you? Although, saying that, since the first time, I hadn't exactly required a shoe-horn to get into Alice's best knickers. In fact, I was a bit worried about my benefits, Social Services might think old Alice and I were co-habiting! 'No! Your Honour, old Alice and me, we were just being a bit friendly!'

Sitting on the couch was another mistake of a mammoth size. Molly sat next to me. She sat down and I was elevated so that we were seeing eye to eye again. Which wasn't a good thing because Alice - aiding and abetting the conspiracy -  had quietly slipped through to the kitchen with the aid of her Zimmer. This did not go unnoticed by Molly who attacked me from all quarters. I struggled passionately and protested gallantly, but to no avail!  She mauled me into a kissable position and tongue lashed my tonsils and had my cock out of my pants quicker than you can say, 'John Thomas.' Molly has the hands of a farmer's wife. I never had a chance!

Watch out! Alice is back!

'Molly! Will you stop that! Terry don't want you sprawling all over him like that. Behave and be gentle with him. Maybe I should teach you the facts of life, Girl! When I told you about the birds and the bees, I meant that it was for human beings too. Not as you ever were a human being, Molly! Why don't you place him on the chair-lift and take him upstairs and show him that you can be a nice girl.'

'Oh! Can I, Mummy? Come on, Terry! Let me help you upstairs. What I'm going to give you will be much better than all them pills the doctor gives you to keep you alive. I have proved you are still alive, I gave you a hard-on didn't I?  Or is that because riga-mortis has already set in?'

On the way up to the upper floor, Molly danced attendance by hugging me tightly so that I could not make my escape. Some how her bodice had come undone and her bra which clipped together between her Kilimanjaro like boobs was also open and so was providing me with a vista of ample feminine loveliness. My bi-focals were playing havoc because it was as though I was surrounded by mountain peaks.

From the top landing until arriving on my back on Alice's bed was meteoric. She just scooped me up like a bride over the threshold, carried me at the run and plonked me down on protesting bed- springs. I heard the motor of the chair-lift whining and knew it had gone back down to pick up Alice, not as Molly needed reinforcements. At my time of life, two anxious pussies would mean my sudden death by misadventure. The well known saying, 'Dying laughing.' Was a sombre thought, but at this moment, possible. A myriad of Zimmers sporting celestial wings flashed across my conscious mind. I watched them disappearing into the clouds until!

'Look at me, Terry. Please, look at me!'

Dare I? The bravery thing was irking me again. I shrugged nonchalantly and opened just one eye, then two! Molly was naked and filling my vision, wall to wall. Come back Sharon Stone, all is forgiven! Her thighs were like a giant nut-crackers! A true reincarnation of the Grand Canyon, even down to it's multi cacti undergrowth. Amazingly her forest of pussy hair was jet black which was probably down to the knowledge of her dear departed husband who was an arable farmer with a sound know how in the use of potassium-nitrate fertilizers.

Molly moved towards me to reveal Alice who was half the size and a quarter of the weight of her Daughter.  Sweet Alice was naked too. and also hell-bent in her quest to get at my body trapped on her bed. A body in mortal fear of the unknown. The bedstead screeched angrily when Molly just stepped up onto it as if it was but a piffling stepping stone and marched to the wall-side of the bed and flopped down and caused a high reading on the Richter Magnitude Scale. 

Meanwhile, Alice, featherlike, came into my welcome arms, because out of the two luscious specimens of feminine delight I chose the one who I knew would be more gentle on the fair, wear and tear of my bone-structure. I kissed her and she kissed me back so lovingly, I immediately thought of asking her to share Zimmers with me. Her touch on my testicles was fairy-like and arousing. Then I felt her fingers walking up my shaft, measuring, an inch at a time. Unconsciously I went to the fingers of my other hand when she got to five.

It was then the bed shook. Eeeee! Fi! Fo! Fum! Molly pounced like an ogre of ill-repute and my cock disappeared entirely into her mouth which made my bollocks jump with abject fright! Another hand rumbled underneath me and a dildo sized finger prodded my anus, painfully. For the first time in my life I cursed my Mother for giving birth to me. I was just getting my lungs refilled with air when she burped around my cock and her teeth scraped my shaft sorely. I yelped and pulled my cock out of her mouth together with her top dentures. When I looked at her I had to laugh because her lips were trapping her bottom set which was half out of her mouth too. I turned back to kissing Alice while Molly took care of her dental chaos. I moved over Alice and her deft fingers eased my cock into her wet pussy.  Alice and I made love, she was such a gentle soul and I was a tiny bit in love with her. I loved to please her sensual needs. Molly, strange enough, respected the fact that she would have to wait to be sated, if that was at all possible by me or a thousand other virile Viagra taking males.

When Alice was content, which graciously she showed charmingly on her serene sweet countenance.  She quietly left the bed and smiled wanly at me as if she was thanking me for my bravery and wishing me luck for my future survival. It was though the whole of the world's population of males was relying on my strength and fortitude to with-stand Molly's endeavours to put me and the male-world at large in our place and that is underneath women.

Fiddlesticks! to that! Was my silent cry! Outwardly I was quaking. Alice had taken away my arousability. My cock was as flaccid as a plate of day old porridge oats! I did not see any immediate chance of it signing on back to duty again. No Boots and Saddles bugle calls would bring John Thomas back to arms, or for that matter the undiscovered depths of Molly's pussy.

For a moment I thought of my distant Zimmer standing alone by the fireplace in my warm and comfortable cottage, the safety and the sanctity and of what possible chance I had of ever getting back there. Life was so cruel and getting shorter for me each passing minute!

However, my fate was in the hands of the Goddess Molly as once again the bed springs protested and she moved down and popped my soft dick into her mouth as if it was a gob-stopper of the peppermint flavour and she started to suck on it, chew on it and she was slowly but surely inching her loins towards my mouth, and suddenly my visions of a Purple Heart were blacked out by Molly's massive thighs. The air and light were shut off at the same time to be replaced by the ventilating shaft of a fish canning factory pumping its rancid air into my quivering nostrils. Suddenly my normally clean shaven face had a black beard and moustache which was emitting copious juices, in-flowing into my mouth at the rate of one litre a second.

In my time I had been known as an expert muff-diver, in fact my scout uniform sleeves were inundated with muff-diving prowess badges, all with accompanying bars and stars, but this thing with Molly! It was above and beyond the call of any man to do is muff-diving duty. It was inhuman!

I was just about to die because of asphyxiation, when her thighs suddenly opened, it was instant resuscitation. Short lived though, because she moved over me and pushed head back down again.

'Lick my asshole. Terry. If you are going to put your cock anywhere its going to go in there. I have never have had a cock in my ass and it has been a life time fantasy. Make my dream come true for me, Terry. Please fuck me in my ass! Daddy often did it to Mummy that way, but my husband would not do it to me. I found myself staring up at her brown hole and shuddered. I gripped her buttocks with locked elbows and prayed for cavalry to charge into the bedroom.

That accounted for the KY jelly and Vaseline I had seen in the bathroom and I had wondered about it. So, old Alice took it up her bum! Molly would not always be around to save Alice's bum from John Thomas.

'If that is what you want, Molly. That's what you will get. Nip into the bathroom there is some KY jelly in there, it was especially made for this tight asshole of yours. Mind you, I would be doing this under duress. I don't want you putting the death lock on me again. I thought I was a goner in there. There was no need for the nuclear bomb with you around. I bet all our enemies would queue up to die voluntarily if they knew they were going to meet their maker that way. Especially if you suck them off as they go. That certainly is a cavernous cunt you have! If Alice and I want to end it all peacefully, we will be sure to give you a call.'

She laughed and rolled off the bed and waddled off to the bathroom. I heard her having a pee it was long and gushing as if she was using a fire hose. It made me think of the trout stream joke. I waited until she pissed herself laughing and I was up that stream like a trout! I think the lady in question had an awful lot of pubic hair.

I was gently hand rearing John Thomas when she made a re-appearance brandishing the KY like a fairy with a wand. In both cases a procurer of intimate miracles.

She tossed the tube to me and bent over the bedside chair. I screwed the nozzle onto the tube and moved in behind her and her legs were shaking. It was like sticking a needle into a haystack.  I emptied what was left in the tube and finger fucked her bum for a few minutes and nosed my cock into her posterior opening. There was a sudden whoosh and I gasped as I braked hard to stop my balls going in there as well! The adage, 'She will suck you in and blow out your boot-laces! Had always been funny before. I know ships have bilge pumps, mind doth boggle!

The heat around my cock was immense! I think she had been imbibing spinach into her arsehole, an old sailors trick, I believe. I didn't have to move a muscle! To tell you the truth I was scared. She just stood there and rocked using her inner muscles to milk my cock. It worked. She was raking her pussy like a posse of gardeners, first with one hand and then the other.

Her scream of, 'I'm Cumming!' sounded as if it had come from the Queen Mary in a fog! the windows rattled and the neighbours on the other side hammered hell out of the adjoining wall.

Where I found the energy to stagger home, and bolt all the doors and windows, I have no idea. I collapsed on my bed and slept for two days and two nights, prizing open my fridge for sustenance on the morning of the third day after Molly.