 It all started about three months ago. I was working out in my yard when she came home. I had been noticing her for some time now, but hadn't done anything beyond looking. I was in the yard alone, as my wife and kids were in the house. I smiled at her when she got out of her car, and she smiled back. For the next two weeks, we smiled whenever we saw each other. 

Then, it happened. My wife and kids were gone for the evening to her mothers house, I was again out in the yard working when she came home. This time instead of just smiling, she came came across the street and introduced herself.

"Hello! I'm Melanie, Mel for short."

"Hello, nice to meet you Mel, I'm John. How are you this fine afternoon?"

"Great," she said. "And you?"

"I'm pretty good, I guess."

"I don't see your van, are you home alone tonight?"

"I am for a while, my wife took the kids to her mothers for a visit. I was tired after working all day, so I decided to stay home."

"Cool, well I guess I'll see you around. It was nice meeting you finely."

"Ya, you too. Have a good night."

With that, she turned and walked away. I followed her ass across the street with my eyes, wondering what she was wearing under her jeans. Mel had just graduated high school a few weeks earlier, she was 18, long blonde hair, green eyes, about 5'9" and probably around 140lbs. She has a nice round ass, long, muscular, tanned legs, and from what I have been able to determine from her tight t-shirts she likes to wear, I 'd say a "C" cup or larger breasts. She isn't the hottest girl around, but she's still a knockout. 

Anyway, I just turned 35, am married to a wonderful, beautiful woman, and have two kids. My sex life is okay, I would like more, including the occasional blow job. But my wife thinks that oral sex is disgusting. I am 5'9", 185lbs, dark blond hair, blue eyes, and a healthy six inch dick. Not real long, but thick. My wife is happy with it, so I guess that's all that is important.

After Mel walked into her house, I decided to go in and get cleaned up a bit and watch the game. I had just finished changing clothes when the doorbell rang. I went into the living room and answered the door, wondering who could be there. I was surprised when I opened the door to see Mel standing there. It wasn't that she had come over that surprised me, it was what she was wearing. She had on a long overcoat, wrapped tight at her waist and cinched with a belt.

"Hello Mel, what can I do for you?"

"Hi, I was wondering if I could ask your opinion about something?"

"Sure, I guess, what would you like to come in?"

"Yes, thank you." She walks in and I close the door. "I hope I'm not being to forward, I mean we just met 30 minutes ago. But I was hoping you could help me out a bit."

"Sure, what may I do for you?"

"Well, there's this guy, man I can't believe I'm doing this."

"It's okay, don't worry about a thing, I'll be glad to help, if I can"

"There's this guy, I have liked him for awhile now, and he finally asked me out. He's taking me out for dinner and then to a play at the Fox. I've never been out on this kind of date before and I'm not sure what to wear. I have a dress picked out, I was wondering if you could take a look at me in it and let me know what you think about it."

"Sure Mel, I can do that. Are you sure you want my opinion? I mean, you just met me a little while ago."

"Yeah, I know, but you are the only guy that I would trust to give me his true opinion. Since we just met, you don't have to be afraid to tell me your honest opinion. Besides, I think you..you are...kind of...hot! I mean for an older man."

I blushed, "Thank you Mel, I think"

"I didn't mean that you were old, just older than me. Anyway, would you do it?"

"Sure, do you have it on already?"

"Yes, it's under my coat." 

She starts to remove the overcoat.

"Wait, why don't you go into the bathroom and take off the coat, make sure your dress is ready, and then come out and show me. I'll wait here in the living room. The bathroom's down the hall, the only door on the right"

She walks down the hall and into the bathroom. I sit down on the couch and wait for her to come out. I noticed that my dick was starting to get hard, showing a little bulge in my shorts. I sat in a way as to try and hide it. I had just gotten into a good position when I heard the bathroom door open. I waited for a few more seconds and then she came around the corner and my dick immediately jumped in my shorts.

Mel was wearing a very tight, very short, very low cut black dress. And as she walked in front of me, she slowly spun around to give me a good view of the entire dress. As she spun around, my heart almost stopped. I though the front was revealing, but the back was even more revealing. The back was cut low, I mean all the way to the top of her ass crack low. If I had been standing up, I could have see her ass. Once she had turned all the way around, I had to grab a pillow and cover my raging erection from her view. I knew Mel was hot, but I didn't think she would have this kind of effect on me.

"Well, what do you think?"

"Um...Um... I think...I think...." I could hardly speak, there was a really hot, young coed standing in front of me with this great dress on. "I think there's going to be one lucky guy at the Fox. You look beautiful. I mean you look absolutely hot in that dress."

About the time I was going to stand up, she leaned forward and grabbed the pillow from my lap, pulling the only protection of my raging hard on away. When she leaned forward, the dress came down just enough for me to see right down her dress at her spectacular cleavage. At this sight, I didn't even notice that she had pulled the pillow away and that my hard dick was standing up at attention in my shorts. My eyes were glued to her breast. She leaned forward a little more and whispered into my ear, "Is that for me?"

When I finally realized she was speaking, I tried to say something, but I couldn't speak. After about 20 seconds, she whispered again in my ear, "Are you okay? I would like to know if that is for me?... Of course it is, who else would it be for? You naughty man."

I just realized that she has my pillow and that my dick is standing at attention. I was shocked, what do I do now? Is she trying to seduce me or just tease me?

"Um, yeah, that is because of you?"

"I know it's because of me, but is that for me?"

" I just said you caused it."

"I already know I caused it, I want to know, since I caused it, do I get to play with it?"

I swallowed hard, trying not to let her see how much I wanted to let her play with it, to stroke it up and down, to lick it all around and to take it deep into her mouth. I wanted her to do anything and everything to me, but I was trying not to give in, my wife would leave me if she found out. After what seemed like an eternity and before I could formulate an answer, she whispered something else in my ear.

"I'll take you silence as a yes then!"

As soon as she said the last word, before I could even respond, she reached down and wrapped her hand around my dick, through my shorts and began to stroke my hard dick. Before I knew it, I let out a soft moan.

"That's what I thought, that is for me"

I pushed her back and stood up.

"No, I can't do this. I'm married and my wife would kill me if she found out."

"Well, she'll just have to never find out then. I won't tell her if you don't."

I paused for a bit to think about my response, which was a mistake. During my pause, she stepped forward and turned her back to me and started rubbing her ass in my crotch. My dick immediately twitched and began pulsing even harder. All I could think about was how good this feels, how much I wanted to bend her over and stick my dick in her hot, wet, young pussy and drill her harder and harder until I exploded inside her tight pussy. 

She must have been reading my mind because she puled her dress up over her ass, exposing her naked ass to me. Then she bent forward and spread her legs apart, giving me a clear view of her young pussy lips. I almost came right then. I tried to back up away from her, but she grabbed me by the dick and pulled me forward. 

Then she turned her head and looked me in the eyes. 

"I know you can't resist, I know you want to fuck me right now. I know you want to stick your dick in my wet pussy and pound my brains out. I know you would love for me to suck your dick while you eat my pussy. So just give in and stop waisting time."

While I had been looking into her deep green eyes and listening to her sexy, sultry voice, I hadn't realized that she had undone my shorts and pulled them down with her right hand. I was now standing behind her with my dick sticking straight out, almost in her ass cheeks. She was again stroking my dick, slowly and effectively. I tried to back away again, but with little effort. She pulled me forward and backed up till her ass was grinding on my dick.

I finally pulled her hand from my dick and turned around and walked away from her. 

"I can't do this, I love my wife."

She stood up and turned around, she slowly began removing the dress the rest of the way until she was standing completely naked behind me. She walked over to me and whispered into my ear again.

"I know you love your wife, but I want to fulfill your fantasy. I know you have fantasized about me before. I could see it in your eyes this afternoon. They way you looked at me, the way you watched my ass as I walked into the house. I know you came in here and jacked off thinking about me today."

"How do you know that? I came in here and cleaned up."

"You did though, didn't you? You came in here and jacked off thinking about fucking me, you were thinking about my tight, young, hot, wet pussy, weren't you. You had the best orgasm you've had ever. Didn't you?"

A long pause....

"Yes, Yes I did. You're right. I jacked off thinking about you and I did have the best orgasm ever. You also had the best orgasm ever. So leave me alone. It's one thing to fantasize, but it's another to actually do it."

"Don't you want to know if you would give me my best orgasm ever? I mean, I've had some very good ones, I don't think you're up to the task. I mean you're definitely "up to it", but will you?"

Before I can respond, she walks in front of me and I realize for the first time, that she is completely naked. My dick jumps again, getting harder than ever before. I just stand there and stare at her amazing breasts. She has perfectly round breasts, large, fat, and hard nipples that stick out about an inch. She is as aroused as I am. She takes my hand and places it upon her left breast. I tried to resit, but only briefly.

Her tit was so warm and soft, her nipple was as hard as a rock. I cupped her breast gently at first, then harder. I started rubbing her nipple between my fingers. I pinched it a little and pulled on it. She let out a soft moan of pleasure. I put my other hand on her right tit. I started to play with her nipples harder, pulling on them, squeezing them between my fingers. 

"That's it, let go and give it to me," she whispers.

I lean forward and gently lick her left nipple. I tease it with my tongue, twirling it around and slightly biting it.

"Ohhhhh!"

I tease her nipple for a few more minutes until I finally take as much of her breast into my mouth as I could. I begin to suck on it, softly, then more violently. While I am sucking on her left tit, my left hand is playing with her right tit. After a few minutes I switch sides. Then I slowly slide my left hand down her back to her ass. I stroke her ass few times before sliding my hand around to her thighs. 

I stroke the inside of her right thigh, barely brushing her clean shaven pussy lips before heading to her left thigh. I rub the inside of her left thigh, slowly moving up and down, each time coming closer and closer to her pussy lips. Finally, I cup her lips in my palm, gently rubbing. Every time I touch her pussy lips she lets out another moan. 

After a few minutes I start kissing my way up her chest to her neck, and then to her lips. I place a sweet, gentle kiss on her lips. She responds by opening her lips and letting my tongue slide into meet hers. As we explore each others mouths, I continue to cup and rub her pussy lips. 

I slide one finger inside her outer lips and begin to softly stroke her clit, Mel moans deeply inside my mouth as we continue to kiss. I lightly rub her clit in circular motions. This time, she brakes our kiss and lets out a loud moan."Ohhhhhhhhhhh! Oh that feels....so....goooodddd!"

By this time, her hands have found my dick and begun to stroke it slowly. I could feel her doing things with her hands that I have never felt before. I was building up to a climax, and it would probably be soon.

I guided her over to the couch and sat her down, my fingers still rubbing her clit. Then I slowly kiss back down her neck, to her chest, stopping to kiss each nipple lightly, continuing down to her belly, then to her wet, hot pussy. I remove my hand and take a long, slow lick up the length of her pussy. 

"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH! God! Ohhhhhh!"

I continue to lick her pussy in long, slow strokes for a few more times. Finally I spread her lips apart and take her clit in my mouth. I lick it and begin to gently suck on it. I just started sucking lightly when her body begins to spasm, she starts to shake and wiggle under my mouth. I speed up my sucking, and she shakes even more. As she shakes and wiggles, she moans even louder, almost screaming out.

"OOOHHH! OOOHHHH! John! Ohhhhhh that's.....sooooooo......ggggoooooooddd.!"

At that she bucks her hips into my face and pushes my head down into her pussy with her hands as she begins to squirt sweet pussy juice into my mouth. I eagerly drink it up and continue to lick and suck until she begins to calm down. As she comes down from her high, I slowly kiss back up her body, until I am at her mouth and I passionately kiss her again, becoming increasingly harder and harder. After about five minutes of kissing we stop she holds me tight.

"You were right, that was the best orgasm I've ever had. That was amazing. Where'd you learn to do that? Not even my girlfriends have been able to orgasm me that way. And I thought they were the best, until now."

"I'd like to say practice, but my wife won't let me do that to her. She thinks it's disgusting. So, I guess I have just read enough stories to learn what works and what doesn't."

"You mean your wife doesn't let you go down on her? Does she go down on you?"

"She tried once, but gagged on the chocolate sauce and says she won't ever try it again. It sucks, because I've had one good blow job when I was younger, and would love to have one again."

Mel releases her hold on me and slides down to the floor.

"Well, let me take care of that for you. I hope I can make you feel as good as you did me."

With that, she grabs my semi-erect dick and begins to stroke it. It hardens almost immediately. She leans in and licks the head of my dick, twirling the tip in her tongue. With her other hand, she reaches up and plays with my balls, gently cupping them and squeezing them in her hand. Then she takes my entire dick into her mouth, deep throating all 6 inches, even sucking in my balls.

"Oh myyyy! That feels so ggggoooooddd! Mel"

She slides out the length of my dick and sucks on the head, again twirling it in her mouth. Then she licks down and back up the entire length with her tongue, taking me in her mouth again. She begins to slide back and forth on my dick, sliding it in and out of her mouth, all the while licking the under side with her tongue. I have never felt anything so wonderful in my life.

As she continues to slide on and off of my dick, I begin to feel my load building. She continues to suck and lick my dick until I am ready to explode. Just as the first load of cum starts shooting out, she deep throats me again, milking my dick for all it's got. I shoot load after load of hot cum down her throat, she pulls out a little, allowing me to fill her mouth with my cum. Her mouth fills up, and rather than swallow it, she pulls my dick out and lets me shoot the rest of my cum onto her face and her tits. I continue to shoot loads of cum onto her as she strokes my dick. When I finally stop spewing, she swallows the load in her mouth and licks me clean, sucking all the remaining cum from my dick.

"Wow! I have never cum like that before, especially after jacking off first."

"Wow is right, I didn't think you were ever going to stop. In fact, you're still hard as a rock."

She pulls me up to my feet and then bends over in front of me, leaning down on the couch.

"Let's see if you can make me cum from fucking my ass. Lube yourself up on my pussy and then fuck my tight ass."

I take my dick and rub it against her dripping pussy lips. In no time I have a slick dick and I position the tip at her asshole. I slowly slide the head into her tight ass, stopping to let her adjust to my size. Then I slide in slowly until my balls slap her pussy. Then I slowly start pumping in and out of her ass.

"Ohhh! That feels so good," Mel moans out.

I slowly increase the pace of fucking until I feel her meeting my thrusts. We continue rocking back and forth, each time, my balls slapping her pussy. She begins to shake and buck wildly, letting out a louder moan that before. I can feel her pussy getting wetter and I know that she is orgasming again.

I can feel my load building up again, I keep thrusting in and out, her moaning in pleasure, until I shoot another load of cum into her ass. 

She lets out a scream, "OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

I rock in and out till I stop cumming. I slowly pull out of her ass, wiping my dick on her cheeks. Then I slide it down and into her waiting pussy, before she has come down from her latest climax. I start pumping her tight pussy with my dick. I thrust in and out and it doesn't take long before she is having her third orgasm, then another, and then still another. For about the next 10 minutes, I pump her pussy unitl I feel my load starting to come out. 

I pull out of her pussy and turn her around. I slide my dick between her big tits and start to pump up and down until I shoot another load into her face and waiting mouth. I continue to fuck her tits, my dick sliding in and out of her mouth, until I run dry. She licks my dick clean again and then sucks me into her mouth once more. She milks my dick and then slowly slides it out of her mouth.

I look over at the clock and realize that my wife will be home at any time. Mel grabs her dress and slips it back on. She grabs her coat and puts it on and closes it up.

"So, do you really have a friend to wear that dress for, or were you just trying to seduce me. Because, if that was your plan, it worked."

"No, I just wanted to try and seduce you. I was just going to tease you and then leave you panting, but once you touched my nipples, I couldn't stop. I had to see where it led. I'm glad I did, That was the best fuck I've ever had."

"If you say one word of this to my wife..."

"Don't worry, I won't...So long as we can do this again sometime. I want you to lick my pussy again."

"We'll see, my wife isn't gone very often. We may have to meet somewhere, if there's a next time."

As she opens the door to leave, she looks back at me and says, "There will be a next time, I guarantee it." And then she leaves.

I grab the cleaners and air fresheners and get the mess cleaned up and sit down to finish watching the game, just as my wife pulls into the driveway.