 This is a continuation of my story 'My Neighbours Wife'. 

Hugo and Anna were our neighbors. We had lived next door to each other for a number of years and while we were friendly, we were not close friends. They were immigrants from Europe and we did not have a lot in common. For most of those years, Anna wore unflattering clothes and was careless about her appearance. I paid little attention to her other than a 'hello' over the back yard fence. 

When our children left the nest, my wife Marg and Anna became close and started meeting for tea and chats on a regular basis. Anna complained that Hugo no longer desired her and that she had not had sex for some years. Marg convinced Anna to spruce herself up, buy some appealing clothes and have her hair done professionally. 

Anna reacted in a positive way and soon a very attractive tiny perfect woman emerged like a butterfly from a cocoon. I began to look forward to seeing her over the back yard fence. I complimented her on her appearance and she ate it up. She posed and preened herself for me as the outfits became more daring. This had culminated one day in an unforgettable encounter during which I fucked her in her computer chair. 

We continued to greet each other over the fence. I worked a little in my garden so was out there on a regular basis. She dressed more and more provocatively and I let her know with eyes and words that she looked sexy. She enjoyed arousing me and I certainly enjoyed being aroused. But she did not respond with an invitation to repeat our first session. It was just a pleasant game that we played for several months. 

Through this period, sex with my wife was plentiful and fulfilling, some of the best we had ever had. One night she said, "Not sure what has got into us lover, but I am not complaining. Maybe we are catching up for all the pleasure that we did not have when the kids were home."

She did not realize of course that on many of those hot nights, that I was imagining it was Anna I was screwing and not she. Marg was pleased with the results and so was I.

I suppose that the amount and quality of my home sex life prevented me from being driven to get back in Anna's panties. But I was ready to jump at the opportunity should it present itself. 

Anna was a tiny woman, no taller than 5 ft. and probably less than 100 pounds. Her body was perfectly proportioned and everything looked great from her tiny tits and erect nipples to her beautiful little round ass. My cock literally ached to feel her slide that tight little pussy around it and take it all in, right to my balls. I could not shake the memory of that first encounter from my mind.

I have a one-man office downtown as well as one at home. Sometimes I just need to have somewhere to go. I would occasionally telephone Anna from downtown. She seemed to enjoy my suggestive comments and allowed me to ramble on about what I wanted to do to her. She was turned on but remained very cautious.

"God Anna, I want you again, I cannot get the thought of you from my mind. I saw you yesterday in that hot yellow sun-suit. I could see your nipples poking through when you saw me looking at them. I wanted to slide my hand down inside those pretty yellow panties and feel your pussy.

Do you ever think back to when we made love in your computer chair? Your nipples were as hard as candies. When you sat on my lap naked, you went wild, your bum bouncing up and down. I could not have stopped you if I had wanted," I would venture.

She was always quite proper in her response, "Yes Jim, I certainly enjoyed the day you had me. I felt badly though, teasing you like that, forcing you to take me. I would not want to do that to you again. I should not let you see me in my sun clothes I guess, but it excites me when I see your reaction. It makes me hot and juicy." This last said with an embarrassed giggle.

"Anna, you did not force me. I had been waiting weeks for the chance to fuck you." Despite her own very proper language, I sensed that she was quite aroused when I used crude terms.

These exchanges went on for some time. I believed that both of us were turned on, but Anna did not offer an invitation. And that was how another meeting would have to come about. I was not going to push things beyond our flirtations. It would be her call. 

I was alone at home one morning and called Anna. I was very horny. When she answered, the first thing that I asked her was, "What are you wearing?"

She giggled a little and said, "Not very much, I have just come out of the shower, so I am only in a robe. Why do you ask Jim?"

I said, "You know why I ask. Are you are just saying that to tease me? It makes me hot to think of you next door wearing just a robe. I want to lick your pussy."

She was animated in her answer, "Would you really do that to me? I have never had oral sex. Tell me how you would do it."

"Anna, there are many ways to lick a pussy. But I would probably start out sucking your nipples first. Did you know that the nipples are hard wired to the pussy? Then I would play in your pussy with my fingers while sucking your nipples. Maybe I would rub my knob in it, or even put it into you first. Can you feel it go in you Anna? It would be best to make your pussy hot and wet before I licked it. Hot pussies make the best licking."

She giggled, "I am not so sure I want that done. It makes me think it would tickle and I might laugh when you did it."

"Anna, you would not be laughing long, you would be begging for more, especially when I captured your clit between my lips and flicked it with my tongue." For a little gal, she had a very prominent clit.

There was a pause and then she said, "Come to the window Jim, I will let you see what I have under my robe."

Progress! I rushed to the window that was opposite to one of hers and only about 10 feet apart. She was standing just back from the window in a white terry-cloth robe, still holding the phone. "Be ready Jim, you will not have long to see me."

I was rock hard and clutching at my cock as she opened the robe, exposing her little tits and shaved pussy. I groaned, "Anna, let me come over, I want you, I want to eat you and fuck you."

She replied, "Back door, lower floor."

I quickly went out the back gate and into her yard. The back door was jarred open and I entered. Anna was still wearing the robe and standing in the doorway of their spare bedroom. She had a half smile on her face as I drew close. She appeared to be quite relaxed.

I leaned into her and kissed her softly. I think I surprised her as she probably thought I would go right for her pussy or nipples. But I wanted her to sort of lead the way. I kissed her neck and behind her ears, traced my tongue around her lips and whispered, "Open the robe for me Anna. I have been dying to see your naked body for months."

"Oh Jim, what are we doing? This is not right." She opened the robe and I stepped back to drink in her tiny beauty. It was all I remembered and more. Little firm tits virtually jutting out like cupcakes, the nipples pointing straight at my chest. Small waist and lovely round hips framing her shaved pussy. 

"God you are beautiful Anna. I love looking at you. You shaved your pussy. Did you do that for me? It looks delicious."

"Oh, I don't know why I did it. But yes, I was thinking of you." Anna was virtually writhing in anticipation.

I smiled and fingered her nipples and said, "I told you that it would be nipples first, and they look ready." They were ready all right, literally bursting. I bent and tasted one and then the other. But then I said, "Take my cock out Anna. I still remember your hands holding it the first time."

As we backed apart to provide room, I slipped my fingers down to her pussy, rubbed the shaved mound a bit, and then slipped two fingers in along her slit and massaged between the lips and her legs.

She worked on my belt and zipper as I sucked her nipples harder and harder. She was groaning and fumbling trying to keep her mind on getting my cock out.

She slipped her hand into my shorts and grabbed my cock, using the other hand to push the shorts down. "Ah my God," she moaned, "It feels bigger even than the last time. It is so thick. I want it in me. But we shouldn't be doing this."

My fingers had now begun to explore her slit. Did you ever notice how a woman with a shaved pussy feels totally naked? I slid one knee between her legs spreading her to allow my fingers full access. Her cunt was smoking hot. Her clit was swollen and firm. I spread her pussy juice around between her legs and back to her butt hole. I rubbed the lips between my fingers before sliding both fingers into her hole, one each side of her clit.

"It is ready Anna, sit on the bed and let me taste you."

"Oh no, oh no, I never counted on this, I am not sure Jim." She sat on the edge of the bed and spread as I kneeled between her legs.

I looked at her and inserted one finger in her pussy hole. Our eyes locked as I pulled the finger out and licked it. She realized that I was serious and closed her eyes in surrender and settled back bracing herself on her elbows.

I was slow and deliberate, using my hands to spread her legs, working my mouth up between them from her knees to her pussy. I hovered over it, sensing her tense and then raise her hips upwards. The clit was jutting out of the slit and I flicked it with my tongue. Her body jerked in response.

I moved her legs up over my shoulders, and kissed her lips while circling around them with my tongue tip. I pressed my tongue flat on the pussy lips and rubbed. She gasped, using her hands to pull my face tight against it.

"Oh my goodness, this is so bad but so good. I have never had anything like this; your tongue is driving me mad. Oh Jim, take me any way you want," she prattled on as I tongue lashed her from butt hole to slit top.

I stood up in front of her. My cock was pointing straight at her face as I held her head. She look startled, her glance going from my cock up to my eyes and back. I felt my cock stiffen more as she took it in her hand. 

"Taste it Anna. Use your tongue on it." I grit my teeth as she flicked her tongue on it. "Run your tongue around the knob." I groaned as she grew more adventurous. By this time she was holding my cock like an ice cream cone.

"What now Jim, it is too big for my mouth. What do you want me to do? Just tell me," she moaned. Actually she was doing quite well and I had no complaints. "Take it in your lips Anna, as much as you can, it will feel so good, don't worry."

She took more as I pressed her head to me. "Hold still Anna, I am going to fuck your mouth a little." Her eyes opened wide, and she looked frantically up at me as I pushed a little more cock in her. I moved it in and out a few times. I smiled and pulled my cock out of her lips slowly as she relaxed.

"Get back on the bed Anna, I want you on top of me like we were the first time, and then I will fuck you properly."

She straddled me as I lay on my back, in much the same manner as she had been our first time in the chair. She adjusted her hips until her little pussy was directly over my cock. She was very excited as her hand searched in behind her butt to find my cock and direct it between her legs. 

"This is so bad Jim, doing this to each other like this, it is not right." She was moving her pussy lips around my knob, holding it in place with her hands. "Oh goodness, it is so big Jim, so thick, my, my," as she settled down over it, working my cock into her in little short downward jabs.

Her eyes closed as her sweet little ass cheeks settled on my thighs. She started to grind and move on me, her tight pussy clutching my cock. She leaned ahead presenting her tits for my mouth. I licked and sucked her nipples, staying calm as she writhed around over top of me. She was starting to get in a groove now, pushing herself up on extended arms while her ass pounded away at me.

I turned her quickly to her back and she wrapped her legs around behind me. She buried her face in my neck and shoulders, licking and nipping at me as I started to bang her fast and furious. "I'm going to fuck you till you come Anna, am gonna fill your pussy with my cum, gonna take you to the moon."

"Yes, yes do that Jim. But we should not be doing this, it is not right. Keep going, keep going, oh this is bad."

By the time we both got off, she had wrapped her little body around me like a leech. Her heels jabbed into my thighs and her fingernails dug into my ass.

We were in the slow strokes now, those long languorous strokes that you hope will never end as your cock softens and bends a bit. "That was lovely Jim, I am so glad that you wanted me today. Everything was perfect. We did some things that I was curious about. I know that we should not do this to each other but sometimes we just have to do it, don't we."

I rolled off of her and we lay side by side. I lifted her leg up over my hip and we kissed softly. I knew I could get it up again in a little while so we talked. I caressed and fondled her, she seemed content and relaxed and wanting to continue. 

We chatted as we lay, her arms around my neck, my hands roaming her small soft body. I felt the back of her thighs up to her butt, and then slipped my hand down between us to rub her wet pussy. She was purring like a kitten.

I said, "Were you planning to make love that first time we were alone? You were dressed in that beautiful body stocking, surely you knew that it would make me want to take you."

She replied, "I think so. I certainly wore it for you. I had loved the way you looked at me over the back fence, and so I bought it with you in mind. But I did not think you would take it off and use me like you did. I hoped you would, but I was not certain how I might act. It was very sensual, I think of it every day now."

I was beginning to harden again as I whispered, "Did you like the feel of my tongue in you Anna?"

"Oh my yes, as soon as I felt it, I realized how erotic it was. You could have made me come for you just like that."

"And what about when you put your mouth on my cock? Did it excite you? I loved the feel of it, but I thought you looked nervous," I groaned.

"Oh well, that was different alright. I was not sure what to do really. But I could see it aroused you and that did turn me on. But what if you had come in my mouth."

I was hard now and I moved my cock in between her legs and began to run the knob back and forth along her slit. "Don't worry, I would not have let that happen Anna. Not this time anyway," I smiled at her.

I pulled back a little so that I could read her reaction to our talk and to my cock between her legs. Her eyes were half closed, her tongue tip was running around her lips. Her little nipples were erect and she began to join me by moving her hips back and forth, slowly rubbing her slit along the top of my cock.

"Oh, you are hard again Jim. Don't you think we have been bad enough? You are going to want to put it in me again aren't you. We really should not you know. But I will not stop you if you want to get back in me again. My goodness, it feels so good."

I pressed my cock at her hard enough for the knob to push through her lips. "Well, if you do not really want me to fuck you again, I will pull out Anna. I only want to please you, so if you do not want it, I am okay with that."

She clenched her pussy lips just behind my knob and said faintly, "Oh, I don't know what to do, we should stop though, this is all my fault, I should not have invited you over."

I slipped one hand behind her, caressed her ass and slipped my fingers in between her cheeks, brushing her butt hole as I found the back of her slit. I pressed her ass towards me and she did nothing to prevent about half of my cock sinking deeper inside her pussy.

She moved her hips back and forth, sliding her pussy along my cock. Her face was buried in my neck, her lips and tongue busy kissing and sucking my skin.

"I am going to fuck you again Anna." I drove my cock deep into her.

"Oh I know you are, it is too late to stop now Jim. I feel you inside of me, you are so hard, it feels so good, oh yes, oh yes, take me Jim, use me for your pleasure."

I said, "Let's do it like this Anna, on our sides, facing each other. I like to watch your eyes as my cock slides in and out of you. We will do it slow, stretch it out and enjoy the sensations. Put your hand down and feel my cock going in and out of you. Touch my balls, that makes me even harder."

She moaned, "Okay, I can feel it now, oh goodness, let me put my finger on it and feel you push it in me." 

I felt her finger on the bottom of my cock. She rubbed it for a bit and then cupped my balls in her soft hand.

"Anna, I want you now. I love your pussy. I love your sweet tits, your beautiful ass. Hold on, let me have it all now. Give it up."

The words turned her on as much as they did me. And she met each of my wild thrusts at her with her own driving hips. I put one hand between us and teased and massaged her clit as she pounded away at me. I could feel her cheeks clench as she got off. I quickly rolled her to her back and pressed her knees against my shoulders as I shuddered and released my load in her.

We lay side by side for a while. She moved to one elbow and said, "Would you shower with me Jim?"

Ah yes, this gal was learning.