 It was thursday morning and Megan had just parked the car outside the building that would be her home for the coming years. She was twenty-one years old, a bit older than most that were just about to start college but she had taken some time off school to work and earn some starting money before coming here. Mostly because she wanted to afford an apartment instead of living on campus with all the party people.

She wasn't a prude in any way but preferred to go out only occasionally, not every weekend. Plus she liked the idea of living on her own, having her own place even if it was just a small one room apartment. 

As she got out of the car she tied back her long blond hair in a ponytail that reached just below her shoulder blades and stretched out her arms and legs that were a bit stiff after the long drive. She was in fairly good shape since she liked to run in the mornings and was pretty proud of her 167cm tall body.

As she went to unlock the car trailer that held her whole life she was surprised by a sudden greeting from behind her.

"Hello there! Moving in I take it?"

She turned around and was face to face with a young man, just a few years her senior she guessed, with a big smile and a bag of groceries.

"Yeah, just got here actually." she said returning the smile.

"Want some help? I just need to put the food in the fridge and I'll be back out."

Megan looked him over, he seemed friendly enough and was pretty good looking she noticed. He was a bit taller than her, probably around 180cm, had short jet black hair and was cleanly shaven. It couldn't hurt to make friends on her first day. Especially such an attractive one.

"Sure, that would be great."

"Okay, be right back then." he said as he went inside.

Looking good from behind as well, she thought to herself.

Snapping out of her daydreaming she began moving boxes around, making sure everything made it here safely before going inside to unlock her door when she once more was surprised from behind and turned around.

"Well it looks like we are going to be neighbours. My name is Kim by the way." he said as he held his hand out.

"Megan!" she said as she shook it. "Have you lived here long?"

"Oh, it's been quite a few years now. When I finished school I just stayed here since I like the neighbourhood and got a decent job I can do from home."

Walking back outside to start moving boxes Megan asked.

"So what exactly do you do? Are you running an internet business?"

"Well not exactly. I'm a programmer and get offered work projects via email which I just send in when I'm done and they pay me. I know it doesn't sound great but I like it. It means I make my own work hours and can work as much or little as I want."

They kept talking as they carried everything inside and by the time they were finished Megan felt as though she had known Kim forever. He was just so easy to talk to and always had that great smile on.

"Hey, listen. I know you probably want to unpack right away but I could use some food right now and if you want to, you are free to join me." he said as they closed the trailer.

"I'm not much for fast food but thank you for asking." she answered apologetically.

"I didn't mean like that. I prefer to cook myself, it's both cheaper and healthier." he said with a laugh.

"Oh, well if it's no trouble?"

"Of course not. But it will take a little while so I hope you don't mind."

"Not at all." she said with a grin. "If all I have to do is wait a little for you to cook for me, I think I can handle it."

"Then I'll go and get started while you park your car. Feel free to just come in when you get back here."

With that he went back inside as Megan took another look at his firm behind before getting in the car to drive down to the parking lot. It took a few minutes to get the trailer in a good spot and by the time she got back up and went inside Kim's apartment, there was already a nice aroma meeting her in the doorway.

"That smells great!" she said as she went into his kitchen.

"Thank you! Oh, I forgot to ask but I hope you aren't allergic to anything?"

"Nope! No allergies here."

"And not a vegetarian either I hope as I'm making meat and vegetable stew."

"No, not a vegetarian either." she laughed. "But thank you for asking even if it's a little late."

"Well to be fair, I was planning on making this for lunch before I knew you were coming over."

Looking at the amount of food Megan was surprised at this statement.

"Do you always cook this much? You have enough here for several people."

"I like to make a lot and then freeze it in portions. That way there is always food ready for days I don't feel like cooking or don't have the time."

"Wow, that is so much more mature than from what I expected to hear from a guy living alone and still in his twenties." Megan laughed. "Most guys I know simply order pizza when they are tired and if they ever cook themselves they just make pasta and only enough for one meal."

"Yeah, well we all know people like that." Kim said laughing as well.

"Speaking of cooking, would you mind showing me where the store is after we have eaten so I can stock up myself?"

"Sure I can show you around. Nothing better to do anyway." he said with a wink.

They kept talking and once the food was done they sat down to eat. Megan was pleasantly surprised that it was pretty good. Not chef like level but still good. It might be a good idea to get him to cook for her soon again.

The rest of the day passed by in a flash. They talked the whole time he was showing her around. He showed her the best route to the store and school as well as where she would take most of her classes. Then they took a long walk through the nearby woods where they met several joggers and a couple of dog walkers. It was a lively and friendly place where Megan already felt like she belonged and as they returned back home they were joking with each other in a manner fitting of long time friends.

"Thank you for a great first day but I really should get to unpacking now." Megan said with an exaggerated sigh. "See you tomorrow?"

Oddly enough Kim looked a bit troubled at that question and answered vaguely.

"I can't tomorrow but I'll see you on saturday."

"Hey, no worries." Megan said trying not to prod. "Saturday it is then." she added as she drew him in for a tight hug. "Thank you for a great first day!"

"You're welcome!"

Megan spent the evening unpacking and sorting through all her stuff, trying not to think too much on Kim but it was hard not to. His reaction to her simple question was nagging at her mind. Had she misunderstood everything? Was he just being nice but didn't really want to see her again? But cooking her dinner and spending the whole day with her went far beyond just being nice. It was no use thinking about it though. He must have had a reason and it wasn't her place to snoop.

The following morning she started the day by taking a run in the woods. She loved running in the mornings to get the day going and to stay in shape. When she got back home and had taken a shower she went to the store to stock up on food before going to school for her orientation meeting. She was starting classes on monday after all and hadn't gotten her schedule yet. But once the meeting was over she felt prepared for anything and she still had half the day and the whole weekend free.

Naturally she thought of Kim. The only person around here she knew but he had said he was busy today. What to do? That was the question. She was prepared for school and the unavoidable mountains of homework but that hadn't started yet. She decided to see if Kim was up for lunch at least. Everyone needs to eat and then she could return the favour by cooking for him.

Knocking on his door she listened eagerly but there was no sound inside. Knocking again, a bit harder this time, she waited again but nobody came.

"He must be away." she thought and went back inside her own apartment. She spent the rest of the day reading in the sun, sitting in the grass outside their building with her back to the wall.

Saturday morning she was up early, she wanted to get used to running here so she could handle it in the early mornings before school as well. After she had gotten back home and taken a shower she sat down in the sun to read. It really was nice here she thought. A few hours later she was greeted by a familiar face.

"Good morning!" Kim said with a smile. "I would have joined you earlier but I wanted to finish my work first."

"Working even on a saturday?" Megan asked surprised. "Isn't that against the whole point of working from home and setting your own work hours?"

"Well if it means I'm free to spend the day with a friend afterwards, it's a fair trade."

"How dare you call me a friend? We have only just met!" Megan said in a mock serious voice.

"Oh, my apologies. For however long do you require my presence until our friendship is official?" Kim shot back in his best sarcastic gentleman voice.

Breaking out in laughter before being able to answer, Megan rolled over in the grass and was soon gasping for air as she saw Kim laughing as well. When they finally managed to catch their breaths Megan said.

"Seriously though. It's nice to have a friend already. I'm lucky you came back when you did yesterday."

"Maybe I'm the lucky one? It's not often I get to meet new friends either. I'm too old and un-cool for the college students but not grown up enough for the adults around here as they look down on someone who spends most of their time working on the computer."

"Maybe we are both lucky then!" Megan said with a wink. "By the way, is it time for lunch yet? I'm feeling quite hungry actually."

"Yeah. That's another reason why I came out here. You want to eat together?"

"Yes, actually I was hoping you would let me return the favour of cooking."

"That sounds great." Kim said with a smile. "The same goes as last time, I'm not allergic to anything and not a vegetarian so anything is fine with me."

"Great. Let's get inside then."

Megan made her favourite, which coincidently also was a stew, minced meat with tomatoes and pasta. A bit childish perhaps but she loved it and Kim was happy to eat it. After they had eaten a suddenly shy Kim asked.

"Do you have any plans for today?"

"Not really, no. Why? Do you have something in mind?"

Suddenly blushing and very shy he said.

"Well I was thinking that we get along really well so maybe there was a chance you enjoy games as well."

"Games? What kind of games?"

"Okay fine." Kim said embarrassed. "I mean video games. I know I follow the stereotype for a nerd but I really like them."

"Well, I can't say I have played much since I was a kid but I wouldn't mind trying." Megan said trying to keep from laughing. There was something incredibly funny about the usually open minded and free spoken Kim who suddenly struggled with his words.

Immediately relieved Kim got up and led her back into his apartment which she realized she hadn't really taken a good look at. She had only been in the kitchen the last time she was here but now she saw he had a separate bedroom, work room and living room too.

"Wow. You can afford a three room apartment here. You must be really good at your work."

"Well it comes easy to me I guess." he said blushing slightly.

As she sat down on his couch she also saw he had several gaming systems and a lot of games. Most of them she had never even heard about but that wasn't exactly a surprise. Kim handed her a controller and explained how to play as he started a game and sat down next to her. Mario kart! This one she knew even if it had been many years but she was going to show him she was a quick learner.

Several hours and many defeats but a also few victories later she put the controller down.

"I have a favour to ask." she said.

"Sure. What is it?" Kim asked surprised and curious.

"It's saturday and school starts on monday so I was thinking that you should show me the nightlife here before it gets too serious. I know there will be wild college parties but I much prefer to avoid them most of the time."

Kim just sat there as if in deep thought for a moment. Megan began worrying if she had said something wrong but before she could say anything else Kim answered.

"Sure. It's just that we can't stay out too late. I have a thing tomorrow and need to get up on time but if you are okay with just the evening then it's fine with me."

Megan was a bit surprised. Who has a "thing" on a sunday morning but she didn't want to push him about it.

"That sounds good actually. I shouldn't be out too late either. Just one question then. How should I dress? Where are you taking me?"

"Well if you don't like the wild college parties then we have two other choices. Either the local pub, Claire's, where you can get a drink and play pool or the Arena which is more of a disco kind of place with a big dance floor.

"Let's go with Claire's this time then." Megan said with a nod. "It sounds nice and it was a long time since I played pool."

"Do you want to eat there or shall we eat before? They only serve burgers there but they are really good."

"Oh, why not. Once in a while is fine. Just let me get changed and we can go." she said as she got up.

Twenty minutes later she knocked on Kim's door again and really enjoyed his stunned reaction as he saw her. She had changed into a dark purple, sleeveless tight dress that not only showed off her curves but enhanced them a bit.

"You don't look too bad yourself." she said with a giggle. He had changed into a pair of black jeans and a blue, button up shirt that really fit him nicely.

"You look beautiful!" he finally managed to say. "If this is becoming a regular thing I might have to update my wardrobe to match."

"Oh? Already planning to take me out again, are you?" Megan said with an innocent look.

"Absolutely!" Kim grinned broadly and took her arm as they walked to the pub. It was only about a ten minute walk.

Once there they ordered some food and drinks and sat down at a table. Megan was taking in the view and even though there were several others in there she noticed that everyone was really friendly and calm. Nobody was staring at her and she didn't get any cat calls. There were an old jukebox playing in the corner and only one of the three pool tables were busy at the moment.

"Really nice place!" she said to a smiling Kim.

"Yeah I like it here. A much more mature crowd so to speak."

They ate their food that was really good and not as greasy as Megan had expected. And once the food was gone they went to shoot some pool. The evening seemed to fly by as they played, joked and drank but suddenly Kim's watch started beeping and he froze.

"Oh, is that the time already? I'm sorry but I need to go now." he said as he put his cue back in place. "You can of course stay here if you want. This is a great place and nobody will bother you."

Feeling a bit shocked at the sudden end of their good time Megan couldn't understand why Kim had even set an alarm.

"Well if you really have to go then I suppose I will too. I didn't come here to hang out with strangers."

They walked back home in silence. Kim seemed a bit stressed and Megan didn't know how to breach the subject without being nosy. As they entered the building and turned to unlock their respective doors Kim suddenly said.

"I really am sorry for cutting the evening short. I had a great time with you."

"Yeah. Me too." Megan said, still wondering if she had done something wrong or what was going on. "Will I see you tomorrow after your thing?"

"No... no not tomorrow but I can see you on monday after school if you want."

"Oh, okay. On monday then."

And then with another nervous, almost scared, look at his watch, Kim was through the door into his apartment.

"Weird. Why would he be afraid of the time when he lives alone?" Megan wondered.

She slept uneasily that night since she couldn't let go of the thought that something was going on with Kim and was hoping it wasn't her fault.

As sunday morning came around, Megan had to force herself out of bed since she was still tired but didn't want to skip her morning run. Slowly getting dressed she dragged herself out to the woods but as soon as she started running, she felt the energy surge and within seconds she was back in her usual rhythm.

Something was different this morning though. She wasn't alone in the track even though she was out so early on a sunday morning. There was a young woman running the other way and since they both ran several laps they met more than once and when they met for the fourth time the woman stopped with a laugh and greeted Megan.

"Hi there! It's nice to see someone else who isn't afraid of early mornings."

"Hey! Yeah I must admit I'm surprised to find anyone else out here this early."

Megan took a closer look at the woman who were only slightly taller than her and with what Megan guessed was shoulder length, pitch black hair tied back. Wearing a tank top and tight shorts that showed off her body, she was in great shape and must have been running for many years.

"You don't look too bad yourself." She suddenly said, breaking Megan out of her thoughts. "My name is Kim by the way."

"Eh... what?" Megan said very confused. Another Kim? Here?

"My name... It's Kim." Kim repeated with a curious look at Megan.

"Yeah, sorry! I heard you. I was just surprised. You see my neighbour is named Kim too but he is a guy."

Bursting into a laughter that made her whole body shake, Kim said.

"Ah, yeah then I understand. Sorry, It's been so long since the last time we had a new neighbour so I had forgotten how people usually react."

"We?" Megan asked surprised. "I thought Kim lived alone?"

"Oh, he does. I live next door. I'm one of your other neighbours."

"Two people named Kim but of different genders living next door to each other. What a weird coincidence."

"Coincidence or fate?" Kim asked with a wink.

Megan once again just stood there looking at Kim. Fate? What did she mean? Were the Kim's a thing?

"Hey! I was just kidding with you. Chill out girl. Kim is single if that's what you're worried about."

"I... I wasn't... thinking about that..." Megan said with a blush. "It's just that I barely know him and was surprised."

"Well if you aren't interested in him, maybe you wouldn't mind joining me for a drink this evening?" Kim said stepping a little closer, taking full advantage of the few centimetres she had on Megan.

"Oh, ehm." Megan didn't know how to respond. Sure Kim was very attractive but she wasn't a lesbian. "I don't mean to offend but I'm not interested in that."

"Hmm, so you are more of the spaghetti type of girl then?" Kim said with a teasing pout.

"A what?" Megan was even more confused now. Kim was a very weird woman.

"You know, straight until wet." she said with a laugh.

"Uhm... no, no I'm completely straight." Megan said trying to sound convincing.

"No point in denying it after I saw you checking me out earlier."

Feeling there was nothing she could say to save face in this situation, Megan resolved to simply changing the topic.

"So do you go to school here?"

Kim just laughed at the poor attempt to avoid further questioning but decided to play along for now. Megan was really cute after all.

"I used to. Now I work from home. I'm a web designer and animator. That means I get offered work projects via email which I just send in when I'm done and they pay me. I know it doesn't sound great but I like it. It means I make my own work hours and can work as much or little as I want. 

Deja vu Megan thought. She sounds exactly like Kim. The other Kim. Ah damn it. This is so confusing.

"Are you okay?" Kim asked with a worried look. "You look like you just saw a ghost or something."
