 Before I tell you the details, let me tell you about myself. I’m 5’7” and the important measurement everyone is always so concerned out is a 42DD bra size, and it’s all breast. To say the least, I’m curvy, but in all the right places. I’ve been called statuesque and would be model material if my chest wasn’t so large. I wear my dark brown hair long, which sets off my light skin and blue eyes. Getting men has never been a problem. It’s getting the type of men I’m interested in that’s usually the problem. You see, I like nerds.

From the earliest I can remember, I’ve always been attracted to intelligent men. The type of men who are considered computer nerds, geeks. There’s just something about the stereotypical idea of the pocket protector, too short pants, tape around the glasses, that just gets me going. I mean hot, really hot. I love knowing that underneath all that awkwardness is genius, sheer unadulterated brains. Makes me so wet just thinking about it.

My preoccupation with nerds has given me quite a few interesting and enjoyable experiences. In high school, there wasn’t one nerd that ended his senior year a virgin. College wasn’t much different. Everyone was happy and content.

To be around more of my type of men, I became a computer analyst for a large firm in LA. I’m constantly being hit on by all the men in the office. It wouldn’t be so bad except I don’t go for the typical business man look, or the athletic jock, or even the older rich man. It would be much easier if I did. Where this story starts is last week, at work....

It was early, not too many people around. That’s when I prefer to get in and get started. The fewer distractions the better as far as I’m concerned. It was warm in the office and I’d already slipped off my suit jacket and opened the first two buttons of my silk blouse. My shoe was hanging from my toes as I bounced my crossed leg as I worked. I heard the elevator doors and didn’t look up. It was nearing 8:00 and everyone was starting to get to work. After about an hour, I looked up, stretching my neck and happened to see the elevator doors open again. My eyes blinked. My boss was coming out of the elevator and had the most incredible man with him. He was shorter than my boss, probably around 5’2”. His hair was blond and not very stylish. His suit was a little outdated and his glasses were sliding off his nose. He was undeniably perfect.

I watched out of the corner of my eye as my boss led him to a desk on the other side of the room. He was the new programmer and was, without a doubt, a nerd. I felt my pulse race, my body temperature rise and my breathing get quick. I tried to concentrate on my work but found my eyes wandering over to him. I didn’t even know his name but I knew I had to have him. It was just a matter of when. 

At lunch time, I rose and walked by his desk, smiling. He looked up at me and I got the normal reaction. His eyes glazed over, his mouth hung open and he stuttered a hello. I walked by, swishing my ass from side to side, knowing that my short, tight skirt was making his processor run hard and quick. I went into the ladies room and looked around. No one there. I had to get some relief from my hormones. I was so worked up that when I’d been typing up a report, I’d actually typed in “hard cock pounding my pussy.” 

I went into the nearest stall and leaned against the door. Setting my leg up on the rim of the toilet, I lifted my skirt up. Slipping my hands down between my legs, I worked my fingers over my panties. They were soaking wet. I closed my eyes, picturing in my head my new little obsession. As my finger slipped inside my panties to rub against my engorged lips, I envisioned myself riding my nerd’s cock. Sliding my the tip of my finger in and out of my tight little pussy, I imagined bracing my hands on either side of his head and lifted my pussy up and down on his rod. Pushing my finger up to my knuckle, I twisted and turned it. I was stifling a moan as my finger moved faster and faster. My imagination took off as I saw myself riding my nerd’s cock hard and fast. My pussy tightened and I came hard on my finger. I bit my lip suppressing my moan.

Sliding my finger out, I brought it to my mouth and sucked it clean. My orgasm wasn’t really what I had wanted but it would have to do. Slipping out of the stall, I cleaned up and returned to my desk, making sure to go by his desk again. 

As the afternoon wore on, I found myself getting all worked up again. I looked over at him and watched him hunched over his computer, his fingers working quickly and efficiently. His mind racing, his fingers trying to keep up. I imagined his fingers on me, working just as quickly and efficiently. I felt my pussy gush. Just when I thought I couldn’t take it anymore, my nerd got up from his desk and walked around the corner. Without another thought, I got up and followed him. 

He walked down the hallway and into the computer room. I followed him. No one else was around. I closed and locked the door behind me. Walking slowly up to him, I felt my anticipation building. He turned around, surprised and unsure. I introduced myself and he stuttered out that his name was Howie. 

“Are you having a good first day, Howie?” I asked, moving closer to him. I had a good six inches over him and was using it to my full advantage.

After taking a gulp of air, he managed to stutter out, “Umm... y...yes.”

I found him looking quickly at my chest, which was eye level for him and then back up to my face. 

“I’m so glad you are. I think, Howie, your day is about to get even better. Do you know why, Howie?”

He shook his head, “N...no. W... Why?”

I put my hands on his chest and pushed him gently back against the server behind him.

“Because, Howie, I’m obsessed with nerds, and you’re a nerd. Do you know what I’m going to do now, Howie?”

As I slowly slithered down his body, he shook his head. Sweat was beading on his brow. I could feel his heartbeat racing. I was incredibly aroused. It’s always like this.

“Well, Howie, I’m going to find out how big of a hard drive you have and then I’m going to suck it.”

My hands closed in on his belt buckle. I slowly undid it and then undid his pants. Howie was breathing quickly. A bulge had started in his pants and I was anxious to get at it. I’ve found that most nerds have the biggest cocks, must be something about big brains, and Howie didn’t disappoint me. As I wrapped my hand around his cock in his pants and pulled it out, Howie moaned. His cock was thick and short but mmm, it looked good. He was already getting hard. I wrapped one hand around the base and pulled up. Using both hands, I moved them up and down, twisting in opposite directions. He was getting harder by the second and longer by the twist. My pussy was on fire, wanting this nerd’s cock. But not yet. 

I kept stroking him, pulling on his rod. Howie was watching me, his forehead sweating, his breathing fast. The computers and servers around us hummed and whined. I felt a shock of arousal like nothing before. When I’d gotten him hard enough, keeping both hands wrapped around him, I leaned forward and brought the tip of his cock to my lips. Howie’s knees buckled and he caught himself before he fell. I pushed my mouth down his rigid tip, sucking hard and slow. I moaned with contentment as I twisted and pulled his cock with my mouth.

Howie was moaning, instinctively pushing his cock deeper into my mouth. I sucked harder and faster. Slipping him from my mouth, I held him up, wrapping my hand around his tip, and then I licked the underside of his cock. He moaned again. My lips closed around his balls and I sucked as my hand squeezed his head. Taking his cock back in my mouth, I sucked harder again. Howie was thrusting his cock into my mouth now. I pushed him all the way in and felt his cock on the back of my throat. He was pulsing, throbbing. I sucked again and I tasted his first drop of cum. Wrapping my hand around him, I bounced him against my tongue, then I looked up at him, “Cum in my mouth, Howie. Shoot your cum down my throat.”

I wrapped my lips around him again, sucked and then heard Howie grunt. His cock exploded, filling my mouth with his warm cream. I sucked, swallowing down every last drop of his brain juice. He tasted so good. When he was done, I sucked him clean, then tucked him back in his pants. Standing up, I kissed his lips and then smiled.

“Stay late tonight, Howie, and I’ll show you another program you can run.”

I walked out, licking my lips, leaving him standing against the server. I felt hot, wet and aroused. Sitting back at my desk, I somehow managed to focus on my work. Howie returned to his desk about 15 minutes later, his legs barely holding him up. He looked over at me, I smiled and he turned back around to work. His fingers weren’t moving quite so fast this time.

As the day wore on, I found myself anticipating later. I wondered if Howie would stay late or not. As everyone started to leave, Howie stayed. My body was on fire again. After the last person had left, I slowly got up from my desk and walked over to Howie. Sitting on the edge of his desk, I lifted one leg up to rest of the edge of his chair. My skirt fell open, revealing my wet panties.

“Do you want me to show you another program, Howie? Did you enjoy our little interaction earlier?”

He stuttered out another couple of yes responses. I slipped off the desk and leaned over his lap. His cock was already hard in his pants. I slowly undid his pants again and moaned when I saw him again. He was hard and ready. I leaned down and took him in my mouth again. Howie moaned and grabbed the arms of his chair as my mouth slid down his length. 

Finally, I stood in front of him again. Reaching behind me, I unhooked my skirt and let it fall to the ground. Howie’s eyes shot to my panties. His forehead was sweating again. Slowly, I hooked my fingers in my panties and pulled them down. Stepping out of them, I set them on Howie’s desk. My pussy was bare and wet. I told Howie to stand up. As he did, I slid his pants down. I pushed him back to lay across his empty desk. His cock was standing straight up, throbbing. Crawling up on the desk, I straddled him. Wrapping my hand around his cock, I slowly guided his pulsing member to my pussy. I moaned as the tip pushed inside me, opening me. Howie moaned and pushed up.

Sliding myself down, I finally felt his full length. I ground my hips back and forth a couple of times, rocking on his cock. Leaning over, I braced myself above him and let my hair fall down around his face. I pushed myself up and down on his cock, nearly letting him pop all the way out and then sliding my pussy back down. He was so thick. His moaning and breathing were getting harder. I pushed myself back up, sitting astride him, his cock buried deep inside me. I unbuttoned my blouse and unhooked the front clasp of my bra. My breasts bounced free. Leaning over him again, I swung my massive melons in his face. Holding one to his mouth, I told him to open wide and suck my nipple. He did and I moaned. His mouth was warm and eager. I pushed down on his cock harder. 

As he sucked my tits, moving his mouth from one to the other, I bounced faster and faster on his cock. His desk creaked underneath us and I fucked him harder. His cock was getting harder inside me and I knew I was close. I took his hand and moved his finger down between us, rubbing his finger tip across my clit. I moaned, leaning back and tossing my head as my orgasm erupted through me. I rode him wild and hard, thrusting myself down on his rod. Howie moaned and pushed up, his cock exploding inside me. 

Jumping off him, I lowered my mouth to his spewing cock and sucked him empty. Howie laid on his desk, his wet cock limp between his legs. I grabbed my skirt, slipping it on. I hooked my bra and buttoned my blouse. Grabbing my panties on his desk, I dropped them over his groin and leaned over to kiss his lips.

“Howie, in case you haven’t noticed, I find nerds incredibly erotic. I’m probably going to fuck you again tomorrow. Keep my panties and think of me tonight.”

I stroked his cock and then walked away. When I entered the elevator, Howie was still laying half naked on his desk. And the smile on his face was priceless.