 I thought about what might be ahead of me for the rest of the weekend and whenever we passed each other going in or out I could tell by the looks she gave me that she’d been thinking pretty much the same thing! We had no time to get together during the week, but she mentioned that she’d be able to come over on Saturday night if I didn’t have any plans. While I didn’t have anything planned, even if I did, the plans would have gotten changed in one heck of a hurry!

We got together and seeing as neither one of us felt like cooking we ordered out for Chinese food. As we sat together on the couch, it didn’t take long for the conversation to come around to sex and her earlier comment that her ex wasn’t interested in any sort of anal contact. As we progressed along that track, we discovered that both of us enjoyed having our backdoor stimulated and both of us had used fingers or toys every so often when masturbating. The only difference was that I’d had anal sex with my ex on a regular basis and Denise listened intently as I described the feeling of making love to a woman’s behind. I’d thought of the possibility ahead of time and had picked up a couple of anally oriented porn flicks and it didn’t take a lot of convincing for her to watch them with me. Seeing as I’ve got one of those TV/VCR combos in the bedroom we went there to watch it. 

It wasn’t long before we were quite heated up watching the action on the screen and our hands were busy touching and teasing each other. The action turned to a couple in the classic ‘69’ position who then started fingering each others asses at the same time, I casually mentioned that it looked like a lot of fun (did I mention that I’d already previewed the tapes so I knew what was coming up?). From the look on Denise’s face I could tell that she was ready for more than just being stroked through her clothes so we both got naked and I grabbed some lube off the dresser. I rewound the video to the start of the ‘69’ scene and restarted it. 

We quickly moved into the same position the actors were in and followed their lead. It didn’t take long before we were both licking and sucking our way to orgasm and I could feel Denise’s finger working it’s way into my ass mirroring the motions of my finger in hers. As she loosened up, I added a second finger and she immediately followed suit with my asshole. When I figured she was lubed and relaxed enough I pulled away from her and she started to roll up onto her hands and knees. There was a bit of a confused look on her face as I guided her back over onto her back but when I slid a pillow under her ass she realized what I was planning. 

Even with having just had 2 fingers in her ass it took a few minutes of gentle pushing from both of us before the head of my hard-on got past her tight anal ring. I stayed still for a bit to allow her to get used to the feeling and told her that I’d leave it up to her to push against me whenever she was ready so she could control the pace. It wasn’t long before I felt her pushing slightly and bit-by-bit I slipped into her ass. It was an incredible feeling knowing that mine was the first cock to ever penetrate her there. As we fell into a nice easy rhythm, I reached down and started to rub her soaking slit and brought her juices up to her clit. The more I rubbed her, the harder and faster she thrust up at me until it was all I could do to keep from popping out of her. For a first timer she was right into it and from her groans I knew it wouldn’t be long before she had her first anally induced orgasm. As she came I could feel her whole body tense and I could feel her anal muscles start to pulse around my cock. That was all it took for me and we both ended up in an incredible joint orgasm. We collapsed together on the bed and as I started to pull out she reached up and pulled me back down to her, making it clear that she wanted me to stay where I was. 

We lay like that until I softened and slipped out of her, after a few more minutes, we decided that we should get cleaned up a bit. I’d planned on just a quick wash, but when she joined me in the bathroom and turned the shower on I realized she had other ideas – which was just fine by me! We ended up cleaning each other which naturally resulted in both of us getting extremely frisky. Before long she was bent over and braced against the wall as I took her from behind. Considering that it wasn’t much more than 15 minutes since our last orgasm, I’m pretty sure Denise was as surprised as I was when she came again so quickly. From there it was off to bed where I fell asleep with her naked body curled up against mine. 

Now I’ve never been much of a morning person, but when I woke up with the feel of her sucking on my already hard cock I rethought the whole morning thing instantly! Once she realized I was awake she got up on top of me and we had some great ‘first thing in the morning’ sex. I don’t know about her, but I’m starting to rethink the ‘no relationship’ thing. Even if we don’t end up together on a more permanent level, I hope that seeing as we both enjoy so many of the same things we’ll be able to continue to get together for more of the same great sex. I’m thinking that next time we get together I’ll have to introduce her to the fun you can have with a few sex toys!