 I watched your biceps bulge as you lifted the heavy couch. The strain of your arms made your veins pop out and sweat was beginning to form across your body. It was very sexy.

"All right miss", you said, setting the couch down and taking a step back from it. "Where do you want this?"

I could care less what you did with the couch. I wanted you in my bedroom. 

"Oh" I said, startled out of my daydream "over there against the wall will be fine."

Your ass in tight jeans looked amazing as you shoved the couch back where I had requested. If I had the room I could buy 10 more couches, just for 10 more days like this.

Your partner left to more stuff out of the truck and I flopped down on the couch. It was nice enough, light blue flowers against a dark blue background, and comfortable.

I ran my finger along the arm of the sofa, silently musing to myself what your strong body would feel like under my touch. Would your sweat taste slightly salty as I licked the back of your neck? My pussy was throbbing and I knew it was soaking wet.

I got up to make you some lemonade, hoping to clear my head and to get you to stay a little while longer. The slight knock on the wall next to the kitchen startled me.

"I'm sorry," you said, "I didn't mean to scare you."

"Oh, that's okay," I said laughing, "would you like some lemonade?"

"Sure. My buddy and I forgot one of your chairs back at the store so he went back to get it, I thought I would stay here with you and help you set your stuff up."

I had to bite the inside of my lip to keep the huge smile from spreading over my face. I had you alone for at least an hour, plenty of time to try out my new couch. I couldn't speak so I just nodded looking your right in your baby blue eyes.

We went back into the living room and I watched as you moved the chairs around and we discussed the best layout for my new furniture. I was standing behind you, watching your muscles pop our in your legs as you lifted the heavy furniture. You looked up and we caught our reflection in the mirror. 

Me: sandy bron hair, green eyes and round firm breasts.

You: dark cropped hair and blue eyes and perfect physique.

Our gaze locked and the tension in the room increased 200%.

You turned to face me an a tiny smile crept across my lips. I looked you up and down, make no effort to hide my desire. You came closer, your eyes scanning my body, lingering on my ling legs and slim waist.

"So," I whispered with your lips only inches from mine, "what do you think of my couch?"

You nodded and bent down, your kiss was strong but smooth, your tongue darted in and made love to my mouth. Your strong hand crept up my side, causing jolts of electricity throughout my body. You cupped my breast, kneaded it, teasing my ever hardening nipple. I moaned and reached down to grab your ass and pull you closer. I ground my pelvis against yours, holding you tight, wanting you badly.

You led me to the couch, sat me down and kneeled before me. I pulled off my shirt, exposing my bra-less tits. You began sucking and licking my hard nipples. My pussy was throbbing. I needed to be filled. I reached for you but you held me back. You pulled my shorts and g-string down over my tanned legs. You lightly kissed all around my white tan line, then began sucking and licking my clit. You were tongue fucking me like I had never thought possible. It felt so good and I came twice. But I needed more.

"I want your cock," I whispered. He looked up at me, a little startled.

"I want you," I said not caring about anything else. 

"I want you inside of me, please fuck me now."

You pulled down your pants and whipped out the thickest cock I had ever seen. OH YES, I thought to myself. You lied down on top of me and I guided you in. The first stroke was a little tight but then your were filling my pussy like no other man had ever done. Each pump hit my clit, filled my walls and sent me reeling in pleasure.

I reached around and dug my nails into your back as you continued to thrust and grind into my happy pussy. 

"Harder," I whispered. You jammed into me so hard I felt you wall the way in my stomach. You continued on like this as little beads of sweat dropped onto my lips. Every part of you tasted so good. Every stroke sent me to heaven and soon I was cumming, clawing at you and screaming. My orgasm shocked my body as tears flowed down my cheeks. I felt you pull out and could feel the hot stream of your jizz land on my tits. 

You flopped down on top of me, exhausted. I brushed a stray piece of hair out of your eyes and kissed you sweetly on the forehead. Well, I thought to myself, as our breathing began to regulate, I sure am glad I bought this new couch.