 We met accidentally through our spouses, but as soon as I saw her, I was mesmerized to the point that I was instantly rock hard. But wait, I am getting way ahead of myself. 

My name is John and I have been working as a lawyer for a few years now. The mix of working my tail off and getting comfortable in life has caused me to gain a couple of pounds, but at 6'0", 197 pounds with broad shoulders, brown hair, and brown eyes, I think I still look pretty good for a guy almost two years past his twenties. More importantly I have counted myself very lucky to have wed a beautiful, smart woman that I love and want to spend the rest of my life with. Her name is Sarah and standing at 5'5" with a seductive curvy body that includes a great set of muscular legs that lead to a set of nice curvy hips, a nice round ass, tight stomach, and then up to an incredible set of larger tits. But from the day I laid eyes on her, it was her cute innocent smile and face that just drove me crazy. I mean can you imagine a better combination of this cute, innocent face packed on a body made for sex! 

For all intents and purposes, I had thought I had the perfect life, but it was all about to change. Little did I know that this change would make my life more incredible than I could have ever expected. 

It all started with a simple visit to the doctor. You see my wife, Sarah, has an active dermatology practice in the Austin area. She was about to leave for the day when a new patient showed up unexpectedly. The patient was an attractive woman close to Sarah's own age. "I am sorry but we can't see anyone else today," Sarah's front desk staff told them woman.

"But please, I just moved to town and I have this mole that really concerns me," the woman told the front desk staff.

"It's okay Jan, I can see her," Sarah said from the back. "Take her to Exam Room A, and I will be right there."

It was just a short couple of minutes before Sarah joined the woman in the exam room. "Hello, I am Sarah."

"Oh, hi I am Elizabeth," the woman said. "Shouldn't I call you Doctor?"

"Nah, its fine; after all, you look like someone I could be friends with," Sarah replied. Actually, it surprised Sarah that she was being so informal with the new patient, but there was something about Elizabeth that she instantly liked; a sort of instant kinship.

"Ok, so what seems to be a problem?"

"Well, I just spotted a new mole, and it concerned me; you see I had a family friend that died from a melanoma."

"You're smart for coming in; now where is this mole?"

"Well, it is just under my ass ... I mean my buttocks."

"Oh ass is fine with me. Well for me to do my job, you are going to have to take the pants off," Sarah quipped.

Elizabeth stood up and started to remove her jeans. It was then that Sarah realized that she was watching more intently than normal. She felt her heart race just a bit when she saw Elizabeth's perfect ass peak out from her jeans. "Damn, what's wrong with me today?" Sarah asked herself. Oh what the hell, she is hot. You see, Elizabeth was about 5'8" with shoulder length brown hair, pretty blue eyes, freckles across her cheeks and nose, and the tightest body Sarah had seen in a long time.

Elizabeth finished taking her jeans off and was about to get back onto the exam table when Sarah informed her that she need to take her panties off as well. Sarah tried not to look as Elizabeth removed her panties, but she took a sharp in-hale of breath as Elizabeth's shaved vagina came into view. "I have to be professional!" Sarah tells herself.

"Ok now lay down on the table on your stomach," Sarah instructed Elizabeth.

Sarah moved over Elizabeth and began examining her legs up from her feet. "I know this can be uncomfortable so why don't you tell me a little bit about yourself while I examine you," Sarah comforted Elizabeth.

"Alright, that would be nice. Well, my husband and our two kids just moved into town from Dallas. Right now, I am home schooling our kids because we didn't want to enroll them in the middle of the year. That coupled with my husband travelling for work, I really have not met anyone yet."

"Well now you have," Sarah jokes back.

"I know; this is exactly how I meet all of my friends," Elizabeth jokes back.

"Well, I see the mole you were concerned about; it doesn't concern me too much, but I do think we need to take another look at it in a month or so. We should also perform a full body search at that time as well. You can get dressed now."

"Thanks" Elizabeth states as Sarah dictates into the chart as she leaves the exam room. 

Elizabeth puts her clothes back on, and as she walks out of the exam room, Sarah approaches her. "Hey, it was really nice meeting you Elizabeth. I was trying to be professional in the room, but I think we might hit it off and I am sure our husbands would get along as well. Maybe we should all go out this weekend?"

"I would, absolutely, love that. You are the first person I have met in Austin that I have felt a connection with, despite the unusual way we met," she smirked.

"Ok, so what about Saturday night?" Sarah asks.

"Ahh, you know I completely forgot that Jason, my husband that is, and the kids are visiting his parents until Sunday afternoon. What are y'all doing on Sunday?" 

"Well, we will go to church and then we will probably go to lunch."

"Oh I would love to find a great church in town."

"Well since you are here by yourself, why don't you come to church with John and me on Sunday."

"Are you sure? I don't want to impose."

"No, we would love it!"

"Well, okay then."

"Perfect, I will call you with directions tomorrow." 

The girls exchange numbers, give each other a hug, and then bid each other farewell. Who would know this chance encounter would mean so much!

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Sunday morning arrived and progressed just like any other. "Hey don't forget, we are meeting my new friend Elizabeth today at church," Sarah reminded me.

"But aren't you supposed to be sitting with your Women's group today?" I asked.

"Oh my gosh, I completely forgot! Do you mind sitting with her? She's real nice so it shouldn't be a big deal."

"Sure, no problem," I replied oblivious to how this would change my life.

We arrived at church, and as we walked towards the sanctuary, Sarah spotted her new friend. "Oh, look there she is," Sarah said pointing her out. 

I was floored. Elizabeth was absolutely gorgeous. She was the sexiest woman I remembering seeing since the first time I met Sarah. As we approached, I felt blood rush to my head and my cock harden slightly. 

Sarah walked up and gave Elizabeth a big hug like she was a long lost friend. "Elizabeth, I want you to meet my husband John." 

"It's a pleasure to meet you," I said as I reached out my hand. As she took it, I felt an electricity shoot through my body, and then she surprised me by giving me a hug as well. My cock instantly got harder as I felt her body up against mine. "Settle down, this ridiculous," I told myself. 

"Elizabeth, I am so sorry, but I have to sit with this group I participate in so you are going to have to sit with John if that is okay," Sarah informed her.

"Oh, no problem; I am sure we will get along just fine," Elizabeth said as she slipped her arm through mine just like we were old friends.

"Ok, well I got to run. Now honey, take care of our new friend," Sarah told me with a wink.

"Well we better go grab a seat," I motioned to Elizabeth. We entered the vestibule and then the sanctuary. We walked down the aisle and found a couple of seats. As we found our seats, we had to push back a nice elderly couple who were sitting next to the aisle. 

The service began just like any other. The whole time I was checking Elizabeth's sexy body out of the corner of my eye trying to calm myself down enough that I did not have full-fledge hard-on sitting there next to her.

Then a completely innocent thing happened. As I reached for the hymnal, my arm brushed up against Elizabeth's right breast. I jumped slightly, but to my surprise, Elizabeth didn't budge. In fact, she looked into my eyes and I could have sworn I saw a slight smirk. 

I lingered for a second and then retracted my arm. "Did she enjoy that," I asked myself. "I think she did." Now thinking with my smaller head in my pants, I reached over her again. This time I purposefully brushed her breast not moving back this time. Once again to my surprise, Elizabeth did not pull back. In fact, she leaned into my arm slightly and her lips slightly parted as she took in a sharp intake of breath.

My arm lingered for a second and then I surprised even myself by pushing my elbow into her breast and moved it up and down slightly. Elizabeth smiled slightly the whole time staring forward. 

I dropped my hand to where it sitting between our two bodies. Elizabeth's shorter skirt had ridden up slightly so that my hand was now very close to the bare skin of her leg. My index finger reached out and brushed against her leg. A fairly innocent touch, but her skin felt incredibly hot to my touch. As my touch lingered, I got bolder and grasped her leg softly with my hand. I looked over to her face, and she smiled and stared forward. She then nodded slightly as if to tell me that she was enjoying herself. 

I moved my elbow over and brushed against her breast again. I felt like a 16 year old kid again sitting in a dark movie theatre. Forget that I was in my thirties, married, and sitting in church with a virtual stranger. 

Elizabeth then took my hand into hers and pulled it into her lap. At the angle, my arm was now perfectly positioned against her breasts. I continued to rub my arm against her breasts, but this time, I began to push our combined hands against her crotch. The loose fitting skirt did not provide a great deal of protection from the pressure I was now putting on her crotch from our hands. I know her starting to breathe a little harder now. The whole time this is going on we both continue to stare straight ahead like nothing is happening. It is then that I spot my wife as she turns back to check on us. We both smile at each other while my hand and arm continue to touch her new friends my private areas through her clothes.

By this time, my dick feels like it is going to burst through my pants. I lean over to Elizabeth and whisper "I have to get out of here." I begin to stand up and a slide my hands in my pockets to attempt to hold down and conceal my rock hard cock from everyone. I have to slide in front of the elderly couple at the end of the row while trying to avoid eye contact with them both as I see no way that they can't tell what I am hiding in my pants. 

As I ease into the aisle I notice that Elizabeth is following me out of the sanctuary. We both quietly but quickly head for the door. As I enter the vestibule, I quickly look to see if anyone is there. Not seeing anyone, I turn around to see Elizabeth closing the door behind me. As she turns, I grab her by the hip and forcibly pull her body into mine. Our lips meet in a strong kiss as I grab her ass in my hands. 

Our lips break, and as I open my eyes, I see the vestibule's unisex bathroom directly in front of us. "I need you now!" I groan to her. Not giving her the chance to back down, I push her towards the bathroom and then through the door kissing and groping her body as we go. 

Once inside the bathroom, I lock the door, and turn back to the sexy stranger in front of me. I pull her body back into mine for a second, and then I spin her around so that her back is against me. I play with her tits through her shirt and then slide my hand underneath her blouse; moving my hand up her tight stomach to her bra-covered tits. All the same time, I am nibbling on her neck up to her ear. 

I then grab her hands with both of mine and strongly place them on the edge of the sink in front of us. Both of our eyes locked on the other's through the mirror in front of us. 

I reach up and pull her skirt up over her hips, and then grab her tiny thong in my hand and give it a hard tug tearing the fabric in a way that the tiny strap falls loose. I then frantically begin to unbuckle my pants. I unbutton my pants and push them and my boxers down my legs as quickly as possible. 

I look up and catch Elizabeth's eyes in the mirror. As we stare at each other, both breathing hard now, I place my cock between her beautiful ass cheeks. She arches her back to stick her ass out more to give me better access to her waiting pussy. I place the head of my hard cock against the edge of her pussy, but stop and hold it there. Our eyes locked on one another's. I can see her breathing hard. "Please," is all she whispers.

With that, I give my hips a fast and hard thrust forward sinking my cock into her hot, soaking wet pussy causing Elizabeth to close her eyes and grunt. "OH, yes! I need more," she moans softly. 

I grab her by the hips and begin to slide my cock in and out of her with a knowing anticipation that we do not have long. Our bodies begin to slap together as I piston my cock into her body. Elizabeth's body slumps against the sink as I continue to fuck her hard and fast. 

I reach around and grab her tits through her shirt as I continue fucking her hard from behind. My other hand locked on her hip or ass to help move her body against mine hard and fast. 

As I feel my own orgasm coming from the hard and sudden fucking, the hand fondling Elizabeth's beautiful moves around her slender hips and dives between her outstretched legs. I begin playing with her pussy and clit as I continue fucking hard and deep. This new friction causes Elizabeth to moan even louder; moaning out to me "Oh god, please give me that big cock!" 

She looks up into the mirror and finds my eyes. As soon as our eyes meet, her body shudders and she moans out to me, "I'm cumming!" Her spasming body and the little soft grunts coming from her mouth in pleasure is enough for me, and I feel my balls contract as I begin to cum deep into her pussy.

I pull her hips into mine hard for one last time as my cock shoots load after load of my cum into her hot pussy. Our eyes locked on each other a huge smile over both our faces. 

All of a sudden, we both come back to reality and realize where we are and what we have just done. I am about to say something, when she stops me. "We can talk later; now, we just need to get out of here." We both hurriedly put our clothes back on; me pulling my pants up and tucking my shirt in and Elizabeth removing what was left of her panties (hiding them in the trash) and straightening her skirt and blouse. 

Once we had both somewhat put ourselves together, we slipped out of the bathroom. Instantly the sanctuary doors opened and the crowd began to exit. My heart was beating as the crowd approached us and then engulfed us. Elizabeth and I were both scanning the room for any hint that someone saw us or expected anything. When I did not see anything, I looked at her and shrugged as both began to laugh a little. 

Suddenly, my wife approached us and my heart sank. "There you two are. I was looking for you. I saw you two slip out a little while back," my heart stopped beating. "Was there anything wrong?" she asked.

Unable to talk, Elizabeth stepped in, "Oh no, John was just nice enough to give me a tour around the church. It really is beautiful." 

"Well, I hope he didn't bore you too much," Sarah joked.

"Oh no, he was the perfect host," Elizabeth replied as she gave me a wink.

Finally able to breathe, I put my arm around my wife and joked, "yeah it's too bad you couldn't have joined us." 

"Yes, it REALLY is too bad," Elizabeth interjected with a big smile on her face while staring into my eyes.

"Well maybe next time. Well, let's get going to lunch; I am starved," Sarah added. 

I opened the door for my wife, and as she left, Elizabeth, leaned close to me and whispered, "your cum is running down my leg right now; just thought you might want to know." Just as suddenly, she was out the door locked arm and arm with Sarah as I watch two unbelievably sexy women headed for my car. It then dawned on me that I might not know what I got myself into this time.