 I had gone to Denver to interview a woman recommended to me by a friend. I had been told that she was just what I needed to fill a high level position in my company, but that she was happily employed. When I called her and said I wanted to meet, she was reluctant saying she wasn't looking for work, but I persisted and she agreed to meet for coffee the next morning in my hotel lobby. 

When I came down in the elevator and surveyed the lobby I saw her first. She was sitting alone in one of the hotel easy chairs, reading the paper and enjoying a cup of coffee. Julia was about 5'7" wearing a black business suit and looked to be in good physical condition (black business suits make it hard to tell). She had short black hair and wore glasses. I approached from behind and said, "Excuse me, are you Julia?" She stood, smiled and held out her hand.

"Yes, I'm Julia, you must be Franklin."

We chatted for a few minutes before moving into the restaurant and seemed to hit it off quite well. Finally I brought up the job I had for her and while she did not seem overly excited, she offered a curiosity I did not expect. As we sat and talked I could not help but notice that she was gorgeous. She had an engaging smile, very bright and clear eyes and a good body. The business suit tried valiantly to hide it but I could tell her waist was small, breasts medium to large and she had the loveliest slim, long fingers I had ever seen. I love long fingers because I can picture them doing all kinds of things to me. 

After about an hour she said she had to go to work and I told her I would be in town a couple of days and that she should call if she wanted to talk more. She did. At about 4 that afternoon she called to ask if I'd be interested in drinks around six or so in the hotel bar. She said she had to run home first and then stop by the Hotel.

This time I sat in the lobby and waited and almost exactly at six, she walked in. I had to do a double take. The business suit had been replaced by a just above the knee skirt and a sleeveless, form fitting shirt that revealed some excellent cleavage. Her attire was kind of quasi-business. A "let's see what happens" kind of outfit.

We found a quiet, corner booth in the bar and when I pulled myself all the way in to one side, she joined me so we were both facing out, rather than each other. The dim light cast shadows that made her even more gorgeous. When she twisted her body to reach for a drink or to find a more comfortable position, her shirt opened more, revealing a very sheer bra and a substantial amount of very nice breast.

We talked business for a long time, specifically she wanted to know more about the job I had for her. With the discussion came a couple more drinks and with the drinks came more laughter until finally her thigh was touching mine and when we talked we were only inches from each other's face, still nothing happened. I could feel the burn, though. Something was happening beyond the discussion of the job I was offering.

She excused herself for a moment to head for the ladies room and I had time to gather my wits, "What's happening here...is she coming on to me or is it my ego and the booze that makes me thinks so. Every time she moved and her shirt opened more her breasts became even more enticing. Then, she returned and sat in the same place only closer if that was possible. It was dark in that bar, but not too dark for me to notice that she had removed her bra. She was coming on to me. Not only was she braless, but one more button on her shirt had been opened. She threw her head in the air and laughed at something I said and when I looked down I could see the nipple on her left breast. I couldn't stand it any longer. I started to say something, but she interrupted.

"Look," she said, I have an early morning and I still need to think about this. I'm going to head home. Give it one more nights thought and get back to you tomorrow. Is that Ok?"

I meekly said, "Sure."

As she got up she put her right hand on my left thigh to give herself a push upwards, but when she did her hand slid upwards and came to rest on the tip of my very hard cock. There was no doubt in my mind that she knew exactly where her hand was. It lingered for a bit then she bent, exposing more breast grabbed my hand, shook it and left.

"What the fuck," I thought. She shows me her tits, grabs my pecker and leaves? What the fuck?" I was so horny after that experience I decided I needed a cold shower so I went to my room, took a long cold one, wrapped myself in the heavy terry cloth bathrobe the hotel furnished and sat at the table where I had placed my laptop. I turned it on and started to surf the porn channels on Google incognito. I typed in "busty brunette seduces new boss." I got at least two million hits. 

I could not get Julia off of my mind. I had to have her. Did I have her personal cell number in my file? I could call and make up some reason I had to see her immediately. Beneath my robe my cock was throbbing. I took another shower and went to bed.

I awakened in the morning still in the bathrobe and still had a hard on. Room service brought breakfast and I began to work on some files I had brought with me, Julia always in the back of my mind. I worked for most of the day and got a lot done, but no word from Julia so I figured she wasn't interested and had my secretary at the home office book me a flight home at mid-day the next day. 

At about 6 pm I began to get hungry and was about to order room service again, when there was a knock at the door. It was room service and Julia. The hotel attendant rolled a table in, uncovered it, pulled a chair out for Julia and left.

"I must say, I didn't' expect this" I said, "To what do I owe the honor?"

Julia poured some wine in my glass and then hers and said, "It is my honor," she said, "I'm your new employee. I quit my job today and if you still want me I'm yours." I took that to mean several things and raised my glass to toast her. 

"I'll be damned," I said. This is a very pleasant surprise. Welcome to my company." I looked at Julia carefully, she was wearing black slacks, not loose and not tight. A standard business white shirt with the top two buttons open and a colorful silk scarf around her neck. We ate, chatted, laughed and drank. We drank all the wine the waiter had left and ordered another bottle. When he brought it, he took away the table and we moved to the couch, sitting almost far enough apart to allow for a third person. 

By the time the wine bottle was almost empty we were sitting much closer and with each gesture she made she touched me somewhere...the arm, the leg, the shoulder. Somehow a third button on her shirt had been opened and her lacy black bra was now observable. Her hand now rested on my knee and I covered it with mine. Neither of us made an attempt to move. In the midst of a story she moved forward for emphasis and when she did I kissed her in mid move. She stopped cold.

"Oh," she said, "that was unexpected," and her hand crept up my leg. "I think I have to use your restroom," she giggled. I didn't' know what to do or think and then she emerged from the bathroom and walked toward me. As she did she turned the dimmer switch to dimmer and sat next to me, very close. Her hand returned to my leg, just an inch below my swelling cock. A fourth button was now open on her shirt and there was no bra. She stared at me and moved her hand up another two inches and squeezed. "Feel good?" she asked.

I wanted to explode.

She took me by the hand and led me to the bed. "We might be more comfortable here," she said and she pushed me down on my back. Then she sat next to me with her hand on my leg again, but slowly it crept up to where she knew my cock lay. She began to rub it up and down, jacking me off inside my pants. I reached for her breasts but she stopped me. "Not yet," she said, but undid all the buttons and took off the shirt. Her breasts were magnificent and so suckable. My cock got harder. 

"Men like my tits," she said. "Do you? Would you like to feel them, suck them, maybe even fuck them?"

So help me God I did not know If I could keep from cumming. I was so close and she was so sexy. I couldn't take my eyes off of her bare tits, then she raised one hand and began to play with a nipple. It grew and she thrust it out toward me, but withdrew it when I reached for it.

She undid my belt and my zipper and pulled my pants and underwear down till she got to my socks and shoes which she removed before tossing my Jockeys and pants on the floor. I was naked from the waist down and she from the waist up. She bent over and let her nipples ride up and down my leg while smiling and tugging on my cock. She really knew how to play with a cock, her touch was incredible.

"I had a hunch you were hot for me," she said. You really want to suck on my tits, don't you?"

"Ggod yes," I said, "Please, please."

She giggled, "Not yet. I am going to make you the horniest you have ever been in your life," and she bent over to within an inch of my cock. "I'm going to suck you," she said, "I'm going to take you as far down my throat as I can, but if you so much as touch me I will leave and you'll never see me again. Can I trust you not to touch me?"

"Yes," I whimpered.

"First," she said, "let's increase the degree of horniness. She stood and unbuttoned and then unzipped her pants laying them gently on a chair. Her ass, covered by black lace panties was perfect. "Jack off for me," she said.

I did what she ordered and began to stroke my cock. She seductively slid her hand in her panties.

"I have my finger in my pussy," she said as she closed her eyes to enjoy it. Then she opened them and watched me closely as she vigorously rubbed her cunt while pulling the panties lower and lower until they were around her knees and only her hand covered her pussy. She moved her hand to reveal a perfectly shaved pussy and then ran one finger through the slit before putting it in her mouth.

"You are gonna love tasting my pussy, aren't you sweetie?"

"You are making me crazy I said."

She got on the bed, straddled me and went down on my cock. Deep throating it and then pulling it out and licking my balls and that little ridge under my cock all the while staring at me.

"I'm going to turn now," she said, "So we are in a 69 position. My pussy is going to be right near your mouth, but the rules still apply, you are not allowed to touch it."

She turned and there it was, shaved and wet and screaming for me to lick it or fuck it or both...I have never been so horny and all the while she is slowly sucking me. I was totally helpless. I wanted that pussy more than anything in the world and would not dare touch it. I looked up between her legs and saw her tits with very large brown nipples, slowly swaying as she sucked. 

"This is torture" I hollered. And then she dropped her pussy on my mouth, and I grabbed her clit with my lips. She moaned, I rammed my tongue inside her and she moaned again.

"Do you want to fuck my pussy," she said. "Do you want me to put this big hard cock between my cunt lips so you can torture me now?"

We had already been at it for a half hour and I had no idea how much longer I could hold it before I blew a gallon of cum all over her. "Yes, damn it," I hollered, "I want to fuck your cunt.

"Then do it from behind" she said and she rolled over so her ass was in the air and her hands on the bed. She reached behind her, grabbed my cock, pulled it to her pussy lips and said, "Fuck me you sonofabitch, fuck me like you've never fucked before."

When I was ready to cum I turned her over and sprayed her from head to toe, she had cum all over her body. Then we collapsed and fell asleep.

When I awakened she was gone the note said: "I don't know who Julie is, obviously she was not interested in your job. I saw you coming, though, and took advantage of the situation. I hope I was a good fuck, you sure were." Bye

I never saw her again, never heard from her and never found out who she was. I also didn't' talk with Julie, but I will never forget Denver.