 Christmas morning, David got up early and hurried downstairs. He lit the fire, prepared cocoa and cinnamon rolls and made sure that all the gifts from Santa were displayed. Then he went to wake his Rebecca. As he neared their bed, he paused, watching her sleep, amazed again at her sweetness and warmth. He almost couldn't remember the days, months and years he had spent all alone, with no one to love and no one who returned the love. He was so incredibly happy with Rebecca. She was a constant surprise and delight. He had laughed more, loved more and felt more in his months with her than he had his entire adult life. 

Now, he climbed into bed behind her, moved her heavy brown hair and started kissing her warm neck, whispering words of love and good cheer. He DID mention a few times that Santa had come and there were all sorts of gifts there for good girls. Finally, she opened her eyes and smiled, turning in his arms and kissing him good morning. He jumped up and held out her warm, red fleece robe, wrapping it around her and kissing her neck one final time. Then he headed downstairs, into the warm family room, scented with pine, cocoa and cinnamon. Becca followed behind, smiling at his retreating back and saying a prayer to the Relationship God, thanking him for David.

Christmas music filled the air, the tree was aglow with bright lights and the presents seemed to have doubled since bedtime. They sat together, happily sharing their first Christmas, opening presents and oohing and aahing over the thoughtfulness and cleverness. 

Becca liked, no, loved, all her gifts from David. They were carefully chosen with her in mind, that was obvious. He had selected items that seemed made for her, hand picked with love and care. David liked all of his stuff too. He had tried on the gloves, admired the shirts and even rubbed on a little of the "Obsession for Men". All that remained under the tree was the portfolio that Rebecca had made for David. 

They sat on the floor, their backs against the couch, close to each other and near the lovely warm fire. Rebecca reached under the tree one more time and brought out the package. She handed it to David with a kiss and snuggled at his side, waiting for him to open it and look inside. She hadn't looked at it at all, Kat had given it to her wrapped and ribboned and asked her to wait to be surprised with David. Now, he carefully removed the paper, and held the burgundy leather portfolio in his lap, reading the cover aloud, "REBECCA, 2001".

Rebecca had a moment of panic, she had never told David about Kat and their relationship. She started to explain, but David didn't want to listen right now, he wanted to see his Rebecca.

When he opened the book, it covered nearly both their laps. Kat had matted each picture and added small headings. The first pictures were just normal daily activities. Pictures of Rebecca at the computer, drinking coffee, reading a book. She was wearing the red satin blouse and short black skirt in each, but the moods seemed totally different with each shot. David felt he could never tire of seeing his beautiful lover, and each picture delighted him more. Now he saw the poses with the buttons slightly open and yearned to see the lovely breasts he knew were still covered. Although he had seen Becca naked countless times, he now wished that he could unbutton the few remaining ones and peek at her. 

There was even a picture of Rebecca bent over a desk, her skirt thrown up, offering her hot ass to him. He remembered that pose and responded again to it. His cock was hard and ready, the precome sliding down the stiff shaft. Slowly, he turned the pages. This picture was Becca, her nipples hard and damp, as if just sucked. The look on her face was magical, as if she was being transported to somewhere exquisite. David stared at her face, her half-closed eyes, remembering well seeing her that way. On the next page was Becca, standing in a room, clad only in a red garter belt and dark hose, seemingly amazed to have found her bra on the floor and her full breasts naked. David could see her curlies, nearly smell her vanilla womanly scent as she stood there, slightly dazed.

These pictures were wonderful. David was seeing his woman just as he loved to, in a nearly sexual haze, slightly confused and lost.

Now the pictures became even more sensual. Becca with her tiny fingers sliding through her curlies, separating them, combing them, letting them wrap around her fingertips and then releasing them. With each picture, there was a tiny change, almost slow motion. The curls became shiny and obedient, now he could see her swollen slit and noted her fingers were buried deep within that slit. Her beautiful dark brown nipples changed from picture to picture, sometimes soft and almost flat, at times hard, bumply and newly sucked. David was mesmerized by the portraits. They caught his love at her most sensual, her most erotic. He continued turning the pages and watched as his Becca slid several fingers deep into her pinkness, licked those fingers cleaned and returned to thrusting them in and out of that most delicious pussy. 

Then, a series of shots were of Rebecca coming. Her face was tight with passion, her eyes glazed with excitement. He could almost hear her crying his name. He could see the flush on her chest, he could feel her pussy tightening on his cock. God, these pictures were marvelous!

The final portrait in the portfolio was Rebecca, drained. Her hand rested on her curly mound, her eyes were closed and her smile was the most tantalizing that David had ever seen. Her nipples were still semi-engorged, capping her full breasts. She was a woman at rest, fulfilled and happy.

David stared at the last picture for quite awhile. He loved it. He loved her. When he turned to Becca, he saw fright on her face. He wrapped his arms around her and invited her to share the story of the pictures. They were obviously taken by someone who loved her very much and he wanted to hear about it.

They snuggled on the couch, fitting together in the special way they had, her head on his shoulder, her feet dangling by his knees. She took a deep breath and told him her story.

"I was very innocent in high school. I didn't date. I didn't want to. I was happy being in school clubs and belonging to groups of kids who were like me. We ran around in a big crowd, one big 'clump' of kids. When I went away to college, the guys began noticing me. I dated a few, but it always ended badly. They seemed to expect an experienced girl, an easy girl and I just wasn't that way. I began spending more time with my roommate, Kat. We had so much fun. She was easy to be with, bright, clever and very nice to me. She encouraged me to try dating one more time and I went out with William. I thought he was sweet, but he was like all the rest, except this time he would not stop when I said no. He forced me to kiss him, even put my hand on his crotch and rubbed against it.

"When I got home, Kat was there already. She saw how upset I was, how much I needed to talk. She held me and listened as I told her what had happened. She was so nice, she held me and gentled me, assuring me that what had happened was not my fault."

David continued holding his Becca, hating William for hurting and scaring her. He also was thankful she had a good friend like Kat to make her feel safe again. He could see the scene, see William forcing himself on his innocent baby, and he felt such anger and disgust.

Becca looked up at him, kissed his chin and continued her story. "Kat made me feel so good and safe, it seemed natural to just let her hold me and comfort me. When she began kissing my cheek, I kissed her back, just her cheek. She was so soft and gentle, so kind to me. She never made me feel childish or inexperienced. We sat together and talked, holding each other and sharing things I thought I could never say to anyone. She understood. When she kissed my mouth, it seemed so right. We spent hours kissing after that night. Her lips were soft and loving, she made me feel things I had never felt before. She never rushed me, allowing me to go at my own desire. Little by little, we did more together. It was a natural progression. I wanted her to kiss me, touch me, remove my clothing and discover me. Kat was fantastic. I never felt fear or disgust, only desire and love."

David listened to his Becca and felt lust. The image of his lady, his lover, sharing herself with another woman was so incredibly erotic. He felt himself getting aroused again, felt himself wanting her even more. He was excited at the thought that she had had a female lover and was sharing it with him. His hands slid into her robe, touching her soft, full breasts, rubbing against her hardening nipples.

Rebecca continued her story, oblivious to the effect it was having on David. "It didn't take us long to become lovers. She spent so much time teaching me about my body, showing me what would excite me and make me come. She could make me come repeatedly, seeming to get all her pleasure from mine. Kat never asked me to touch her or do anything I didn't want to. She taught me about my clit, and my little moat, taught me about toys and the joy of multiple orgasms. I wanted to learn about her too. I would touch her at night when she slept, learning about her body and what made her sigh and moan. One night, she woke and looked at me, asking if I was sure. I was. We made love that night, two women who knew what they wanted. It was fantastic, coming and making Kat come. We were wrapped together, loving each other and proud to share that love." 

David was so excited hearing this. He was imagining a woman between Rebecca's legs, licking her delicious pussy and making her come. He imagined Rebecca learning about Kat, and diligently using her knowledge to pleasure her friend. His hand slid between Becca's legs, finding her curly mound and rubbing it with his large, warm hand. His finger slid into the slit, and found she was so wet and ready for him. He moved off the sofa, kneeling beside her while she continued to tell him of her adventures. His face was buried between her legs, his mouth greedily licking and sucking on her soft pinkness. He found her clit, toyed with it as she said Kat had, sucking it into his mouth and massaging it with his tongue. He french-kissed her cunt, his tongue buried deeply inside her. He felt his cock throbbing, aching. He had never found Rebecca so delicious or needy. Her hips thrust against his face, her hands were buried in his hair. He could feel her tense and then felt her orgasm starting, pulling his tongue even deeper as she spasmed around it. Still he couldn't stop, sucking and lapping at her pinkness as she called out his name, begging him to let her catch her breath. He loved being deep in her pink warmth, loved feeling her fluids gushing on his face. She was coming continuously now, crying out in joy and love.

She sat up and turned to face David. Her legs were spread around his trunk. She held his face in her hands and kissed his mouth, washing his lips with her tongue, tasting herself on him. She pulled frantically at his robe, pushing it away from his body and wrapping her legs around him. While kissing him, she lowered herself down his body, guiding his erect cock into her needy depths. As he pushed into her deepest pink, she held him and whispered her love for him, her joy in him. He began thrusting up into her, making her moan into his mouth, begging him to fuck her. She needed him. She needed to feel him coming inside her, filling her with his warmth. His hands were on her ass, kneading the tight skin and holding her close. They rocked, his cock thrusting deeply inside her, his balls slapping against her. She could feel herself coming again, feel her muscles grasping his turgid cock and squeezing it inside her depths. She begged him to come now, come for her. She felt him tensing, felt his hands grasping her flesh, closing any distance between them. He came. 

They collapse together under the tree, amid the wrapping papers and ribbons. They held each other tightly, kissing and beaming at each other. As they started to sleep, David said they would have to invite Kat to their home and see what developed.

To Be Continued...