 God, it happened! I qualified for the loan and the house was going to be mine. Now, I just had to work my way through all the paperwork and terminology. At dinner that night, my friends and I discussed my lovely new home and the pain of closing. Sherry, my best married friend, recommended her lawyer, David Wright, a whiz at paperwork. She assured me he would be most helpful in getting the papers in order and make sense of the point system and all the other esoteric nonsense.

The next day, I called her lawyer friend. I talked to his secretary, Amy, setting an appointment for Friday afternoon. I gave her all the important information and explained, in glowing terms, my beautiful new house and its attending paper crush.

The week was filled with work and looking at my new house. I had the key and visited at least twice a day, sitting on the carpet and visualizing my things in each room, the rest of my life spent here. I loved this house!

I left work early Friday and went to the law offices. They were situated on the 12th floor, taking up the entire space. I met the secretary who had listened so nicely to me and we chatted about my house and the joys of ownership. I was nearly an hour early, so she offered me some hot tea and sat with me while I waited for the appointed time. 

Finally, her intercom buzzed and she led me down the hall. I glimpsed several offices, each decorated in a different style. I could see men busily at work on the computer or the phone, each one seeming so important. We stopped at the end of the hall and Amy went into the office, introducing me to Mr. Wright. He stood to shake my hand, smiling and saying hello. As he stood, I was very aware of my height. I am five feet tall on a very tall day. I am also very petite, small hands and feet, with a compact figure. Mr. Wright was probably a foot taller than me. His hands were large with long, graceful fingers, enveloping my much smaller hand completely.

I sat across from him, holding my briefcase full of papers, exchanging polite chat for a few minutes. Then he asked to see the contract, slipping on his wire-framed glasses and looking very capable. He glanced through the pages, murmuring an occasional "yes" or "I see". As he perused the contract, I looked around his office. Very neat, very manly, very functional in style. His desk was not huge, but had an extension for his computer paraphenalia. His files were neatly hidden in nicely crafted oak furniture, and he had modernistic prints on the walls. Probably the focal point of the office was the view. He had two huge windows behind his desk and the view of the riverside park, with the sparkling river running through it, was beautiful. 

He was still reading, so I took some time to check him out. Mr. Wright was older than me by about 10 years. He had short brown hair, with a tiny bit of grey just kissing his temples. His eyes were a beautiful hazel, that green and brown combination that is so attractive. He had a few crinkles around his eyes, as if he smiled a lot. Just as I thought that, he did smile and it lit up his entire face. Goodness, Mr. Wright was very good looking!

From habit, I looked at his left hand and saw no wedding band there. That was a good sign, I thought. As I was warming to the thought of the seduction of the handsome Mr. Wright, he stopped reading and fixed his mesmerizing eyes on me. He began explaining all the secret codes used by banks, telling me I had actually gotten a good deal. We talked about the house and I described to him my treasure. He and I just seemed to have so much to talk about. He told me horror stories of closings and last minute problems that could come up, laughing at the creative ways to avoid this. We moved on to talking about our jobs, our offices, and our lives. As we talked, men walked up and down the hall, glancing in at us, saying a few words to Mr. Wright. 

He insisted I call him David and said my name, Rebecca, in his lovely voice. I found myself very attracted to him, and wished we could move this meeting to less austere ground. As I was thinking this, David suggested we move the meeting to a restaurant and continue our discussion over dinner. I happily agreed.

We drove in separate cars to a nearby club, known for its great steaks. Over dinner and a few glasses of wine, we continued getting to know one another, sharing silly little tidbits that are, at the same time, incredibly intimate.

Too soon, the dinner was over. There was dancing in one of the rooms and David asked if I cared to have a dance. He stood and took my hand and led me to the dance floor, keeping a polite distance between us as we danced to some wonderful show tunes. I found myself giggling and enjoying myself immensely. I also felt a definite wave of longing for him. His body was so much larger than mine, I felt fragile and special in his arms. We noted that the waiters were busily cleaning and putting chairs on the tables. David seemed disappointed too. The evening had been too short and I really wanted it to continue.

I invited David to come see my house. The electricity was not on, but I kept candles there and often went by late at night to just enjoy my new possession. He smilingly agreed to take me there, offering to drive since I seemed a little tipsy. He was quite gentlemanly, guiding me through the restaurant, holding the car door for me. I gave him directions and then rested my head and closed my eyes, enjoying the desire running through my body.

He drove into my new driveway, saying just the right things about my house, appreciating all the little features that had caught my eye. I took out my key, but couldn't navigate the lock, so he opened the door for me. I went ahead of him, lighting candles and opening blinds, allowing the street lights to shine in. I gave him the grand tour, describing each room as I saw it once I moved in. He made several insightful comments and suggestions, deepening the crush that was developing rapidly in my head and heart.

The master bedroom was the last on the tour. As we entered the room, I tripped, just a little. David reached out to steady me, pulling me closer to him at the same time. He held me against his chest, and I could feel his heart beating rapidly, like mine. I looked up at him, at his deep hazel eyes, his lush lips. I sensed his mouth moving closer and I closed my eyes and waited. At first, his kiss was soft, so soft. I opened my eyes to see if he had really kissed me. But the nearness of him confirmed it. He smiled and lowered his face to mine again. This time, his lips moved with certainty over mine, washing me with the softness of him. His tongue lightly traced my lips, moving into the corners, gently probing there, making me moan. I opened my mouth more, inviting him in, and his tongue boldly entered and started teasing me. As I would suck on him, he would suck back, playing a little game with me as he kissed my willing mouth. I was leaning against him, his body full and firm. I could feel his hands on my arms, holding me, then moving up to my face, his fingers splayed in my hair as he continued to kiss me, as they say, thoroughly.

We slowly sank to the carpet. Stretched full length beside each other, we kissed and talked and giggled. His hands continued moving over me, just touching lightly and moving on. My feet reached his knees and I could feel his erection pressing against me. His hands began to slowly unbutton and unzip my clothing. Usually, I am more aggressive, but tonight, I was his toy. I enjoyed feeling the clothes melting from me, enjoyed his reaction to my now nearly naked body. 

I wanted desperately to see his body. I worked on his tie forever, wondering why men even wear them. Finally, David took pity on me and removed it, smiling at my ineptness. I immediately began attacking his shirt buttons, opening them slowly, leaving warm kisses when the skin was exposed. One button, one kiss. Two buttons, lick a nipple. Three buttons, lick the other nipple. I moved my hungry mouth down his chest, enjoying the light sprinkling of hair there. At his waist, I easily opened his belt and unzipped his pants. I moved back up his chest, stopping to suck on his tiny nipples, feeling them harden in my mouth, listening to him sigh and moan softly. We began kissing again. He pulled me on top of his body, making me feel like a little ragdoll for his pleasure. I felt his cock, hard and throbbing, between my legs as I lay atop him, kissing him and rubbing my aching nipples against his chest. He put his hands on my waist and pulled me up his body, until my breasts dangled over his face. He began sucking my erect nipples, pulling first one and then the other into his hot mouth. The sensation was incredible. I pulled my thighs together, trapping his bobbing cock between them. I tensed and relaxed the thigh muscles, massaging his erection and making him thrust his hips up to me. When he finally released my nipples, he rolled over, looming over me with his lovely body. He began kissing my face, touching every area with his soft lips. His mouth moved down my jaw, down my throat, over my chest, right between my breasts. Ah, that area is so sensitive. He nibbled and nipped and licked and kissed, making me moan and hold his head in place, wanting him to love me there forever. But, he eventually moved, following the path to my center. 

He licked my tummy, playing with my belly button and blowing kisses on my soft skin. Finally his mouth reached lower. I was newly shaved and very smooth. I heard him inhale as he discovered the baby soft skin and the escaping fluids. My lips had already swollen and I could feel the moisture wetting my thighs. David burrowed his head between my legs, his tongue lightly tracing my clit, slipping deeper and deeper with each stroke. The tip stroked my clit, making it hard and very brave. Usually, my clit is very shy and requires much coaxing to come out and play. For David, she came out immediately, and throbbed for him. His tongue circled and flicked, and the wetness in my pink doubled. He seemed inside me, his face was so deeply immersed in my hungry pussy. My legs spread further and I just enjoyed all the attention. My fingers found my nipples and started plucking them, pinching them lightly and making them hard. David seemed to be enjoying himself and I saw no sign of him stopping, which was fine with me. I could have had his face there forever. Just as I was thinking this could go on forever, I felt my orgasm starting. The heat began in my feet, moving up my legs, causing me to lock them straight, catching David's face deep in my pussy. I was perfectly still, waiting for the wave to catch me. As the orgasm hit, my body began jerking and throbbing, the moans from my throat becoming growls of pleasure. His mouth continued its busy work, refusing to stop even as I cried out to him.

Suddenly, David turned onto his back, taking me with him. He handled me as if I were a toy, his toy. He lifted me onto his wet, hard cock and lowered my still pulsing pussy over him. I felt the bulbous head of his cock pop into my tight little pussy, pushing its way into my depths. My orgasm was just waning, and I could feel my inner muscles pulling him into me even deeper. He had a huge cock, hard and hot, and I felt my pinkness stretching to accomodate him. I loved the feeling of being full to bursting with cock. His hands spanned my waist as he helped me set my rhythm, moving up and down on his cock, back and forth, riding him with all my energy and desire. By leaning forward to kiss his mouth, I brought my clit in contact with his rigid dick and it set off a string of mini-orgasms, flowing through me in waves. My nipples hardened even more as I moved against him, making my orgasms even stronger. 

All I could think about was making David come. I wanted to feel him explode inside me and I told him so. I begged him to come, to fill me. I reached behind me and massaged his tight balls in my little hand. My fingers probed him gently, moving over him and feeling then tighten even more. I moved my finger down further, searching for his tight bud, pressing my finger tip against it. His positive response was all I was waiting for. As I continued riding him, I slipped one finger into his tightly guarded ass, moving my finger in time with my fucking. I knew he was close and I continued my double fucking, all the while asking him, demanding of him that he come now! His hands on my waist clenched tightly, his face contorted and he made an incredibly sexy moan as I felt him shoot his come into me. I rode him until the trobbing slowed, then just leaned forward and lowered my head to his chest. I brought my legs up, along his, feeling like his very pampered and exhausted doll. His arms came up around me and held me close and we both drifted off for a much deserved nap.

To Be Continued...