 It all started when the regular UPS guy where I work said he was getting promoted and said we'd be getting a new driver. The following Monday I met Karen. Packages in hand wearing that brown uniform the most apt description of Karen would be the simplest one she is 'built like bull'. Karen is fairly attractive with a big mane of blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail, she's 5-9 tall and 185 pounds. 

I also found her to very bright and pleasant to talk to, we would talk and flirt and by the end of the week decided to meet after work for a drink. We were sitting in a bar and things were going well when she said, "Do we both have to get drunk before somebody says we should move on to your place and get it on?"

Well we were both sure on the same page, "I don't need to be drinking to get onboard that bus."

"Good because I'm ready to jump onboard you." Replied Karen as she got to her feet. 

We barely got in the door of my townhouse before we were getting out of our clothes and directly to my bed. I have to say I instantly liked that Karen is one thick chick but she's really fabulous without the brown uniform. She's got big round firm tits, wide hips, thick thighs and man she's a lot to hold onto. Now I'm a big guy, 6-1 tall and 220 pounds and I'm no stranger to the big girls but Karen is prime beef.

I was about to put my arms around her and feel what I had to work with but before I could Karen reached out and grabbed my stiffening dick saying, "Oh you are plenty of man for me."

That's when I felt Karen's strength as she put her other arm around my waist and spun me around so we rolled onto the bed. Well we got where I was aiming anyway and were in each other's arms kissing and rolling over one another. 

After a few minutes of groping and tongue dancing I ended up on my back and Karen scrambled up sitting on my chest. I like a woman who isn't afraid to grab the initiative. She smiled down at me and said, "Having this much woman on you a problem?" 

Starting at her neatly trimmed pussy and looking up to her slightly rounded belly, past her fat tits to look her in the eye I rubbed the tops of her thighs with both hands and said, "I can't find any problem from where I'm at."

Karen said, "That's good because I'm clocking in for muff dive time." Then she slid forward towards my chin I reached around and got two hands full of her ass and helped her along until my tongue met her pussy. 

I kissed her lips then slipped my tongue in her slit and got down to it. Karen was moaning as I kissed the outer folds of her pussy in between licking and sucking on her clit. It seemed like we were both enjoying ourselves.

I was massaging Karen's big butt with both hands as I tongued her clit and she held onto the headboard and said, "Oh you do like the butt don't you Steve?" Unable to respond with a face full of sweet pussy I gave both of her cheeks a squeeze and she laughed saying, "That's good because I've got some and I love a man who enjoys some butt."

Well I must say I like a big butt to hang onto and Karen has one nice big strong ass. It was then that Karen moved back to sit on my chest and said, "You know your stuff Steve but I'm just dying to get a shot at that stiff dick of yours so just let me shift around here."

And with that Karen spun around on her ass to face my feet and moved into a 69 position that allowed us both to get at the good parts. I resumed eating her pussy while Karen quickly took the head of my nine inches between her lips and got started on one fabulous blow job. 

In my position I certainly couldn't see Karen's head bobbing up and down on my cock but damn if after a few minutes I could feel that she was taking every inch of down her throat. This chick is a seriously good time I thought.

Not long after that Karen released my dick from her warm mouth, kissed the head and said, "OK point me towards a condom for this man log, I'm wet and ready to get fucked."

I slapped Karen's meaty thigh and pointed at the dresser, she rolled, sort of jumped, lunged and stumbled quickly there and back as I sat up. She then dived onto the bed, got on her back with her legs spread, put her hands on her knees and smiled at me. 

I was on my knees moving between her legs and said, "You don't waste time when you want something."

"When there's good hard man meat in the room I'm getting while the getting is good, good and hard." replied Karen. 

"Why thank you and here you go." I replied and holding my cock in my right hand slipped the head into Karen's waiting pussy. 

I wasn't afraid to take my time and make this last so I slowly pushed my dick a little farther into Karen's pussy going back and forth. She must have been good with it because she had her eyes closed and was just easing back up at me with every stroke. When I finally got close to going all the way in with all nine inchesKaren wrapped her thick strong legs around my waist and just held me which was about all I could take so I put my arms around her thighs and holding her tight, shot my load.

Keeping her legs around me Karen put her arms around my chest and we rolled over. I got my arms around her body and we rolled back and forth several times with me ending up on top. She looked at me and said, "Damn I think I have found myself a man to hang onto."

I kissed her forehead, "Well I'm pretty well locked into place."

"No I mean I don't have much luck finding nice guys, big guys, guys who aren't intimidated by the strong girl, a lot of guys are looking for the skinny bitches. It's not easy finding that guy with a big dick who knows how to stick it to the big girl" said Karen sort of seriously.

I have to say she wasn't the only one who felt like a winner, "You I think you may have noticed I like the big strong girls. Having a woman who fucks you back is a lot of fun. I wouldn't mind having you around all the time." 

We laughed, hugged, kissed and after a while I was ready and we went a couple more rounds. And the good times didn't stop there.