 It was an early morning for me. I usually don't stumble out of bed until after seven, after my wife is up and in the shower. I don't normally leave for work until 7:45 or so, and I only need 15 minutes to get ready. Boring details, I know, but today I woke up early. I had a dentist appointment, just a 6 month checkup, but I had been warned at my last checkup I would need to get the full batch of x-rays done at my next one. So I wasn't looking forward to gagging on those stupid little cardboard pieces they stick in your mouth. I have been going to the same dentist for some time and my usual hygienist has been there for almost 50 years. I know, 50 years. She talks incessantly and has a bit of an annoying high pitched scratch for a voice. 

Well, I know she likes to be on time, so I got there about 10 minutes early and walked in. I had the first appointment of the day and the receptionist wasn't there, so I just sat down in the waiting area. I heard someone humming and then heard the toilet flush. Shortly thereafter, I saw a gorgeous pair of legs under a white lab coat walk past the glass door that leads to the work area. She was still humming and I only caught a quick glimpse, but I knew I didn't recognize her. I didn't think much of it. I then thought about those legs and realized they were propped up by a nice pair of heels, which seemed odd to me, since all the women (there are no male employees) who work there usually wore comfortable shoes, much less a skirt. So, my mind wandered to beautiful legs on high heels and stockings. Mmmmm, I love nice legs I thought. As I was day dreaming, the door opened and I heard someone say my name. I was obviously elsewhere, and the voice apologized for interrupting...

I then looked up and in front of me was a stunningly beautiful woman; long dark hair, crystal blue eyes, light makeup, soft lips with just a hint of lipstick and then the most amazing chest encased in a very tight dark sweater, with a white lab coat unable to adequately cover her. As I gradually returned to the present, I realized I was giving here the once over and had maintained my gaze a bit too long at her breasts. She subtly cleared her throat at which point my eyes shifted downward like I was the schoolboy caught by the new teacher checking her out. The only problem was when I looked down I saw those legs that had passed by the door moments earlier, the same ones that had caused me to drift into that daydream originally. Her light colored skirt was alarmingly short and she was wearing hose of some sort that made my eyes linger too long at the edge of her skirt. I again heard her clear her throat and this time we made eye contact and heard her say my name again. 

"Dan?" said the voice. I rose up out of the chair, took her hand, shook it lightly and said, "Oh, Hi, sorry. A little spaced out this early in the morning." 

"Good morning, Dan, I'm Theresa, nice to meet you." 

"Likewise," I said. "I was expecting Penny, is everything OK?" 

"Oh, she is just fine, only working one day a week now, taking care of her grandkids. I joined the staff about three months ago and have been picking up a lot of Penny's patients. I hope you find my services acceptable." 

I quickly stammered back, "I am sure you'll be just fine, hope my teeth aren't too disgusting." 

She seemed to giggle a bit, or so I thought. It was probably just my imagination. I am a middle aged man, no longer in the peak physical condition from my college days. I had my fair share of girlfriends in my youth and never had any complaints about my physical characteristics or my ability to use them. I am still 6'2" but overweight. Hair is balding on top and I wear it extremely short, almost shaved. Still, every now and again, I get the occasional double take from an attractive woman, but not nearly as often as I'd like, or used to occur. I am married but things haven't been great there for a long time, but that's another story.

Theresa held the door open for me and I walked past her into the work area. As I passed her, I noticed she smelled delightful. A mere hint of perfume or maybe just a special body wash, regardless, it was intoxicating. I snapped my attention back to reality as I noticed myself drifting off into fantasyland again. As I proceeded into the work area, I stopped so she could lead me to her work area. There were six rooms in the office and they had recently switched from an open work space to completely enclosed work stations. Theresa had her own "office" and she opened the door to hers and allowed me to enter. As I passed her, I slowed intentionally to take another whiff of her. She smelled incredible and I felt a stirring below my waist. I thought to myself, we can't let that happen, that would be embarrassing. Or would it? Maybe she would be flattered? Oh, hell it probably happens to her all the time, look at her. She's probably in her early 30's and has guys hitting on her all the time. Relax and stop drifting off into fantasy-ville. 

Not sure how long it took me to have this conversation with myself, but Theresa had said something to me that I did not hear. As I turned, she was looking at me expectantly.

"I'm sorry, I am a real space cadet today, did you ask me something?" 

She definitely giggled this time, and repeated the question.

"Do you mind if I close the door? As everyone else starts to get here this morning, the conversation sometimes gets distracting, but if you are more comfortable with it open, that is fine too." 

I struggled to respond, "err, whatever you, umm, well I don't really care, but, umm, if you prefer it closed, that's fine with me, sure close it, that makes sense." 

As I started glancing around the office, I noticed it was very bright, the standard office cabinets, sink, x-ray machine, utensil tray, rinsing station, etc. Then I noticed some interesting artwork on the walls and mirrors. The artwork was a combination of photographs and paintings, most depicting attractive women; a few shots of Marilyn Monroe, Jayne Mansfield, and Rita Hayworth, some of their most famous poster photos. The mirrors seemed to be of different shapes and sizes and were seemingly in odd spots, but I couldn't quite determine the symmetry, if there was one. It was very neat, very tidy and nothing seemed out of the ordinary, but the mirrors. I didn't think of it again.

Theresa then asked me. "Why don't you sit down and we'll get started on the x-rays first." 

I groaned. 

She heard me and asked, "Not a big fan of the x-rays, are you?" 

"Nope, I have to admit I gag on some of them. They hit that spot on the back of the roof of my mouth and I can't help it," I said. 

She appeared to think for a minute. 

She then asked, "Before we take the first x-ray, can I do something that might make it easier for you to endure this?" 

"Sure," I said. 

"Ok, just lay back and let me get the chair into position," she said. 

I relaxed, laid back and she adjusted the chair so I was sitting upright a bit. She then took her one hand and opened my mouth and then slowly took her index finger of her other hand and gently pushed on my tongue. She spoke softly and told me to relax and that she would simply work in my mouth a bit to get me to relax. She was sitting in her work chair and I had my eyes closed as I normally do at the dentist. She took my tongue between her thumb and index finger and lifted it. She then took her other hand and started to caress my tongue with gentle strokes. I was feeling very relaxed. I opened my eyes and stared straight ahead as she continued to massage my tongue, moving farther back into my mouth. It felt nice. I closed my eyes again. She continued to speak peacefully to me and I was very relaxed. I then opened my eyes again. I noticed at that moment one of the mirrors on the wall in front of me. If I could have moved my head I would have done a double take. I could practically see right up Theresa's skirt. Her thighs were together, but those legs were just amazing. Long, lean and stocking clad. I could see her stocking tops in the reflection. Oh my, was she gorgeous. I felt that stirring again. I closed my eyes; at that moment, if felt like she had her fist in my mouth and I realized it was like I was deep-throating her fingers. She then suddenly stopped. I opened my eyes and she was standing, adjusting her skirt. I think she glanced down at my crotch for a quick second and I could have sworn I saw a bit of a smile on her face. But, again, I thought I must have imagined that part.

She then asked me if we could proceed with the x-rays. 

I said, "Sure, I feel great". 

"Super, she said. We'll get the tough ones out of the way first." 

I made sure to keep my eyes open as she moved around me and I noticed the mirrors in the room gave me excellent angles to view her regardless of where she was. It was as if they had been positioned perfectly so that you could see her front and back with only the slightest eye shift. It was amazing. As she deftly moved around the room, inserting the xray pads and leaving the room to push the necessary buttons, I watched her every move. At some point she had removed her lab coat. It had fallen in my face a couple of times and she asked if I minded if she removed it. Of course I said no. I watched her legs, her breasts and every part of her as she did everything she needed to do and I didn't gag once. I was in heaven. A couple of times I felt those massive breasts on my arm and I know I was getting stiff. I don't know if she noticed, but I am guessing the bulge down my right pant leg had to be noticeable is she glanced that way. I wish I would have been able to move it a bit so it would have pointed straight up, it would have been less noticeable that way. However, if she did notice, she made no indication of any displeasure or hostility. 

"All done with the x-rays Dan, you did awesome." 

"Thanks Theresa, I think your relaxation exercises did the trick," I said. 

"Call me Terry and those are techniques I've learned over the years to deal with things being put in my mouth, unwanted and otherwise..." 

I noticed a smirk, I think. That just made my hard-on even worse. 

"Let's move on to the cleaning, now shall we? Looks like you need to work on your flossing a bit, but I'm sure you've been told that a few times, huh?" she said. 

"Well, yea, I don't do everything I should. Sorry." 

She replied sweetly, "No need to be sorry, I'll take care of everything and we'll get an incentive plan going so you will want to floss more." 

Needless to say, I raised an eyebrow when she said incentive plan, but I didn't say anything. At this point, things got a bit interesting. I'm not sure if I was imagining it, but she got all her implements ready and I couldn't take my eyes off her ass. It looked so good in her skirt I wanted to reach out and grab it. She turned around and sat on her chair. She lowered the chair and began the cleaning. She was so close to me and she smelled so good. Those breasts were rubbing against my arm and I kept moving my eyes to catch glimpses of her in the mirror whenever I could and I wasn't disappointed. As she spun in the chair back and forth from her utensil tray I kept seeing glorious views of her inner thighs, the tops of her stockings and to my raging hard-ons delight, clear views to the money shot. I thought it looked like she was panty-less, but again, my imagination and my hard-on might have been causing me to see things. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. The more she rubbed her breasts against me the harder I got. It also appeared to me that her nipples were poking through the fabric of her tight sweater, but she was swiveling around in that chair so much, I couldn't be sure of anything. My head was spinning, I was sitting up, rinsing, spitting, laying back down, looking up her skirt, moving my arms to try and rub up against her breasts. It was all so fast. Her scent seemed to change from that intoxicating smell to wanton lust. I must have imagined I smelled her female scent as I seemingly saw her sitting with her legs wider and wider giving me a perfect view of her treasure. I was breathing really fast, I kept fidgeting in the chair trying to get some release for my giant boner. I just wanted to stroke it and bring release. It seemed like I had only been there for 5 minutes. Then I swear she brushed up against my hard-on as she finished up taking off the bib and reaching over to the water station. I think she even squeezed it. My head was reeling from the blood engorging my penis and the sight of her erect nipples and the smell in my nostrils. It was all too much and I felt like I was going to pass out. 

Terry asked me in what seemed like a rather sexy tone, "Dan? Are you ok? Can I do anything?" 

I couldn't help myself, I blurted out, "Oh my god Terry, you are so unbelievably gorgeous, I want to screw your brains out right now. Do you see this? (I pointed toward my cock), You did this to me. You can help by unzipping my pants and releasing me." 

I looked into Terry's eyes. She knowingly smiled. 

I apologized profusely, "Terry, I'm sorry. My head is racing, that was inappropriate. It's the first time I've been here, I've been watching you in the mirrors and I couldn't help myself. You are incredibly beautiful and I am obviously excited. I apologize." 

At this point, I tried to get out of the chair and get out of there. Terry put her hand on my shoulder and eased me back into the chair asking me to lay back down. 

She then leaned in close and whispered rather seductively, "I'm flattered Dan. I really am, but I owe you the apology. I have my office set up like this on purpose. I've been divorced for 15 years and my kids are all grown. I live alone and I have a difficult time meeting nice men. At my age, I like to feel like I'm still beautiful and when things like what just happened occur, I feel really good about myself. I am over 40 years old and I didn't used to look like this. I hope I didn't make you too uncomfortable." 

As she said uncomfortable, she reached out and caressed my still engorged cock, giving it a squeeze while looking straight into my eyes, licking her lips. I didn't know what to say. 

"TTT—erry, pppplease, I don't know......I mean, I, errr, umm...." 

Then I regained my composure for some reason and then I shocked myself by calmly and confidently stating, "Please, if you want it, take it. Use me and let me please you, if that's what you want. I can't tell you enough, how incredibly gorgeous you are." 

At this point, two hands were undoing my belt and then my zipper came down. She turned, rolled over to the door and locked it quietly. She turned the music up a bit. 

I continued, "I want to treat you like the goddess you are." 

She lifted her sweater up over her head revealing she was not wearing a bra either. Her areolas were huge and her nipples must have stuck out at least a half inch. She leaned in and put one of her nipples right in front of my lips. I instinctively reached out and licked it, then took it in my mouth. She groaned; a satisfied, contented groan. Her eyes were closed and she only opened them when she returned to my crotch to unleash my cock. She turned to look, her nipple audibly popping out of my mouth and she gasped. As she pulled it out of my boxers she realized it was nearly 8" long, almost as thick as a pop bottle with the head almost the size of a tennis ball. She couldn't wait to get her mouth on it. I could see her breasts swaying sexily as she engulfed the head of my penis in her mouth. She sucked it brilliantly. Now I realized how she knew how to relax my gag reflex. She took my whole head and shaft, right down to my sack. Nobody has ever been able to do that before. I was in heaven. I have to confess, I filled her mouth with gizz way too fast, but she swallowed every drop. It had been sometime since I had had release, so I am sure the quantity was unexpected. 

She handled it and when she finished, she looked up at me and after licking her lips said, "Keep up with the flossing and next time we'll see if we can't find another spot to hide this." 

She squeezed my now shrinking cock. She put me back in my boxers, zipped me up and buckled my belt after tucking in my shirt. She stood up, after letting me see her sexy, cleanly shaved pussy, adjusted her stocking tops and slowly pulled her skirt down (it had ridden up a bit during our activities). She put her sweater back on, as well as her lab coat, as I sat up and adjusted my package. She went to the sink and looking in a mirror reapplied her makeup and made herself look like nothing odd had taken place in her office. I tried to do the same. 

After we examined each other's appearance she unlocked the door, handed me my bag of goodies, mentioned loud enough for the receptionist to hear, with a sly smile on her face, "Now Dan, if you want your next appointment to be even better, don't forget to floss like we talked about and I'll see you in six months." 

She looked around quickly, squeezed my ass and followed me to the reception desk. 

"Please schedule Dan for another cleaning in 6 months, Stacy." 

I said, "Thank you Theresa," and looked at the receptionist. 

"Call me Terry, Dan, and see you in 6 months." 

With that she turned away. I watched her walk down the hall, instantly fantasizing about my next appointment and how quickly I would hop for six months to pass. I looked back at the receptionist and asked for the first slot of the day six months from now........

The receptionist looked at me as if nothing odd was going on and said, "Terry is fitting in nicely don't you think, Dan?"

"I must say I think she'll work out just fine."