 My new lover reaches for my embrace. I lift my arms to her but divert at the last moment. Her eyes question me as I grab her wrists in my hands and pull her to me. My answer...It's play time."

I hold her arms crossed in front of me while I slowly walk her backwards to the bed. Her thighs touch the edge of the mattress. I let my weight fall against her and we both tumble into bed. I react quickly and straddle her body with my legs. My crotch grinds against her briefly which earns me a raised eyebrow. I hope my returning smile is as devilish as I feel.

Buttons are next. I start at the bottom and stop after each one so I can place a sensual kiss on her stomach, ribs, throat and collar bone. Her bra is gone in a heartbeat. I have no need for it. 

Her arms raise above her head in mock surrender. I bounce off of her. Her pants come off quickly and her panties off much more slowly. 

Her belly button [poopeck in Czech] needs my attention. I vow to deliver the love bite that it deserves. The tenderness of her tummy makes my heart race.

I lift myself off of her to stand by the bed. Her face challenges me. "Well mister, I'm naked. I hope you thought of more than that. You ARE going to do something about it, right? Didn't you think any farther ahead than this?" I admire her insolence. As I step back to undress, I admire much more. Her hips and thighs, her perfect triangle, full breasts with nipples standing at attention for inspection. I have to take a breath and remind myself to slow down.

I reach down, grab her ankles and lift her legs to the bed. "Please love, be a dear and scootch up to the head of the bed. I need to save my strength." As she does this, I pounce on her. This earns me a squeal of surprise and an accidental knee to the groin. 

Her eyes grow big while mine squint shut. She giggles, "Are you OK?" 

I am. It wasn't a direct hit. But there is no need for her to know that. I might need to play the sympathy card. Thru teeth clenched, I give a breathy, "You will pay for that." 

This earns me a nonchalant, "Promises, promises."

I kiss her nipples. I drop down and kiss her bush and the adjacent soft skin of her thighs. I hear a deep intake of breath and feel a slight thrust from her hips.

I grab her wrists again and move her hands above her head. She mounts a token resistance. She could get loose if she wanted to.

With her hands above her head, her breasts are compressed against her chest. Nipples still at attention, I drop my tongue and lips to one. Her ribs show just below her breast. They tempt me. I don't know if my new lover is ticklish or not so I save that experiment for another time. I play with her tits to my heart's content. I forget to hold her hands captive. Conveniently, she forgets to escape. 

My next challenge is to mark my new lover with a second and third well placed love bite. I want to mark her as mine. These will be a small, intense marking on the outside of each breast, just at the point where it joins her body. She begins to squirm while I suckle. Some erotic tickling will definitely be in our future. 

I outline her rib cage and marvel at her strength. She is torn mentally on whether to let me continue as I have done or to become an active participant in our coupling. 

I escape the trap by sliding between her legs and lifting them over my shoulders. I am face to face with my target. A hint of moisture has gathered on her. Outer and inner labia have begun to gorge with blood. I open her folds and search for my prize. 

Her hands grab my hair, pulling and pressing. She guides me to her needs.

Legs that were passively resting on my shoulders now take on a more active presence. I feel her hips lift and thrust when something feels just right. I feel them squirm and twist when I am close enough to only tease the target.

My new lover now draws my face into her sex. Where once I was the pilot, I have now lost control of the vessel. A new captain is calling the shots and I am along to service her. I vow to get a haircut [ouch!] before our next tryst.

An extended moan escapes from my new lover as I draw her clitoris into my lips. I release most of the suction and use my tongue to flutter the very end of her nub. Her back arches. Her climax breaks across her. Her legs clamp on my head. Her legs pull upward with my face caught between them. It occurs to me that my last act in life may be to have satisfied my new lover.

She releases me. Her legs straighten and her back lifts into an exaggerated stretch. My new lover is a tiger. She rolls over to grab a tissue and returns to wipe my face. My eyes search her face for her approval. "Well done little man. You show potential. Want to earn some extra credit?

Before I can react, she slides down to grab my cock which is coated with my own juice. "Messy little cock, " she notes while pulling another drop out of me by rolling thumb and forefinger from my base to my tip. I flinch as she rubs my pre cum over the end of my cock "Let's put this stuff somewhere where it will do some good."

Rolling on top of me, it is obvious that she is still the captain. She rubs her pussy up the length of my shaft time and time again. She almost takes me, almost and almost only to finally bury me deeply within her. She sits on me with a depth and finality that is a statement.

"You only have one job to do at this point, little man. You pump every seed you have into me until it fills my pussy and runs down the side of your cock. I will judge you by the size of the puddle we leave on the sheets."

I think I managed a dozen thrusts before earth and sky parted. I built a bridge from my shoulders to my feet and lifted my new lover up off of the bed. Her cunt greedily gathered every seed I offered her. My bridge collapsed and I saw my new lover watching my face contentedly.

She rests on her haunches above me. Her sex pressed just below my navel. I have lost my erection and fallen out of her. She sits on me while her fingernails rake my chest. It is only slightly painful. She casually allows my seed to bubble out of her and to puddle on my stomach. I wonder if she is marking me much as I wished to mark her earlier.

She is predator. I am a very willing prey. The sympathy card for the incidental knee to the nuts is discarded. I can't play that card with her. 

"Hush baby," she said. "Rest. I may yet have need of you tonight. You did well but we must build your endurance."

My new lover is a tiger.