 All parties are over the age of consent.

*******

I am 55 years old and living in Florida. I have a part time job that gets me out of the house a couple of times a week.

A couple of weeks ago, I was working at part time job with my associate, Larry. 

Larry is in his 50's and has an average body and he is a real nice guy.

Anyway, as we were working and as men talk, the subject of sex came up. 

For whatever reason, he told me he also works a part time job as an extra for a guy who makes porno movies. 

I looked at him in disbelief and asked him, kiddingly, if I could get a job like that. He said he could and gave me the name and address of the guy and for me to go there and tell him who sent you.

I took the information and just smiled and said sure and we went about our work.

I spent the whole day thinking about Larry and his part time job as an extra. I decided to go see the guy out of curiosity, figuring nothing would come of it.

I went to the address in Melbourne. His office was in a long row of attached business offices in a commercial area.

I rang the bell and was told to come in. A fellow at the desk asked what I wanted and I told him Larry sent me.

He said he name was Tom and he was the boss. He then asked if I had any professional experience and I told him no but that I did make a private porno movie with my girl friend and had a stranger video us.

I told him I was a nudist and not shy. I also told him that I didn't cum much but was always hard.

He told me to stand up and show him what I had. I got up and dropped my pants so he could see my cock and balls. He then told me to pull up my pants.

He looked up at me and told me to go through the door and into the next room and that he will be in there shortly.

I went through the door and into the room. There was a woman and a guy already there, sitting on the couch. I walked over to them and introduced myself. The woman said her name was Barbara. I figured she must be in her early thirties. She had nice shape and I couldn't wait to see her naked. The fellow said his name was Joe. Over in the corner was a big bed.

Both of them looked very nervous. Barbara said this is her first ever audition as the guy said the same thing. I told them it was mine too but it is just sex so we should not think of it as an audition. I told them to follow my lead.

They both smiled and thanked me for helping then.

Tom came in with another guy who must have been the camera man. 

Tom explained the scene. He said that Barbara will be in her clothes on the couch and me and Joe will go over to her and get her off the couch, undress her and sit her back on the couch. Then we will disrobe and join her and she will at with our cocks and suck them and we will play with her until he tells us otherwise.

The camera man got into position and Tom told us to start.

Joe and I approached Barbara and we each took a hand and got her off the couch. I whispered to her to just enjoy it. Joe and I removed her clothes, piece by piece until she was naked. She really was a very pretty woman. We sat her back down. Tom yelled to her to spread her legs a bit and she complied.

Joe and I removed our clothes and joined her on the couch, one of us on each side of her.

When we sat down, she started playing with our cocks. As she did that, we kissed her, played with her tits, sucked her nipples and felt her up. She started sucking our cocks, going from one to the other.

Tom then yelled for us to stop and we did.

Tom then said the next scene would be the bed scene. He said that Joe and I would take Barbara to the bed and we would fuck her in however way we wanted. He gave us a few minutes to get organized. 

I told Barbara I will do her first then Joe can finish her by cumming on her. We agreed. I told Barbara that she was beautiful and to just enjoy it and not to worry about the audition.

We got into position and Tom yelled for us to start. Joe and I got up and took Barbara to the bed and laid her down with Joe and I on each side of her.

As Joe watched, I started feeling her up and kissing her. I could feel her coming alive and whispered to her that she was terrific. 

At this stage, she must have forgotten about the audition and was really enjoying the sex now. As soon as I realized it, I got more aggressive with her. 

I mounted her and spread her legs. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see the cameraman taking closeups of my cock near her cunt.

As I kissed her, I placed my cock in front of her slit. I could feel her wetness and slowly inserted my cock in her until I was completely inside her.

Joe was playing with her tits as I started fucking her. Barbara started fucking me back. I could hear Tom saying "nice" as I continued fucking her. In a short time, I came inside her.

I pulled my cock out and Joe quickly mounted her, sliding his cock in her cunt. As he started fucking her, I kissed her and played with her tits.

It did not take Long for Joe to cum. He pulled out his cock and shot his load on her stomach and tits.

Barbara started rubbing his cum on herself when Tom yelled for us to stop.

The three of us sat up and looked at Tom.

Tom talked to the camera man and then told us we were all hired.

I kissed Barbara and shook Joe's hand. We made it into the porno business.

I got up and went over to put my clothes on. Barbara came over and thanked me. I told her she was beautiful and that she will do well in porno.

Joe got dressed and left.

I started dressing and Barbara said she wanted to thank me, but in her own way. 

Never to turn down a request like that, we got dressed and I followed her to her house.

She lived in Melbourne and she took me inside. She asked if I wanted a drink but I declined.

She told me to relax and went to another room. I sat on the couch and waited for her. In a short time, Barbara came out wearing the sheerest lingerie I ever saw. She

pulled me to her and we kissed, our tongues meeting.

Before I knew it, she led me to her bedroom. She helped me undress and we laid on the bed. 

I asked why she wanted to do porn and she said she needed the money. Then she asked me the same and I told her I was tired of jerking off at home. We both laughed.

For almost an hour we enjoyed each other. She was a very sexy young woman and she really thanked me.

It was time for me to go and I told her we might meet again at a shoot. She told me she hoped so.

I kissed her goodbye and left.

Well, that is my story. I am still waiting for my first call to be an extra but I will surely be up for the assignment.