 I am an avid bowhunter. I just got a new bow and have been excited for the upcoming season. I also leased out a new 350 acre plot of land and have been scouting it all summer long. I have seen several big bucks out and about. It seems like September 15th will never get here. 

Also this summer I met a girl while at the local archery range. Her name was Tammy. She was new into bowhunting and I have been giving her some pointers on what to do. She was not your average woman that liked to hunt. She was beautiful. She looked to be in her 30's. She was about 5 foot 4 inches tall and weighed about 120 with curves that would not stop. She had average sized breast but they look great to me. We never really talked anywhere other than the range but we were always out there at the same time. I never asked about a boyfriend and she never mentioned it. We just shot and talked about hunting. 

About a month before the season started her grandmother died. The family decided to sell the farm and split the money. She was crushed as that was the only place she could hunt at. I was the only person hunting my land and figured it was no big deal for her to come in on my lease. She was ecstatic. She gave me a big hug. I broke the hug because I got a whiff of her perfume and started to get hard. I told her that I usually camp out the night before so I could be in my stand at first light. She told me she had to work the night before and asked if she could meet me out there the next day around noon. I gave her directions on how to get there and explained to her that I just camp in the field where you pull in. I told her to just park next to my truck and I would be there about noon. 

The day before opening day arrived and I packed my gear and went to the woods. I set up camp and started a fire to cook some grub. The weather was great in the mid 60's and the overnight low was going to be in the mid 50's. I ate and fell asleep a little after dark. Sometime in the middle of the night I heard a car door shut. The land I was on is not occupied. There are no houses on it and the nearest house is about 2 miles away. I was a little spooked. I opened the tent and saw Tammy's little truck. I walked up and startled her. She told me she got off early and decided to come out and hunt first thing. She then just stared at me and smiled real big. I asked her why she was smiling and she just pointed down. I looked down and realized I was just in my underwear. I just started laughing and walked back to my tent. 

I went inside and put on a pair of shorts and came back out. She had her tent out and was trying to put it up. I was tired and did not want to mess with it so I told her she could just sleep in my tent. She said she was hoping to I would say that because she has never camped in a tent by herself. She grabbed her sleeping bag and went into my tent. 

I moved my stuff around and set her up a spot. I had my back turned putting my stuff in the corner. When I turned back around she had her back turned and was undoing her pants. She then took them down showing one of the nicest asses I have ever seen. She had a lace turquoise thong on that had about an inch and a half band that hugged her waist low. My cock immediately sprang to attention. She turned around and caught me staring. As we made eye contact my face turned beat red. She laughed and said she sleeps in a t-shirt and panties and that she hoped I didn't mind. Before I could say anything she said it looks like I didn't have a problem with it while pointing at my raging hard on. 

She then moved closer and reached out and grabbed my hard cock. She said that was just the way she liked them hard and thick. I was dumbfounded and speechless. Here I was in the middle of nowhere with Tammy. She just showed me her great ass and then grabbed my cock. I was about to explode. I decided to make a move. She turned back around and I pulled her close to me. My hand went straight to her breast. My other one moved her head to the side and I began to kiss the back of her neck. I could her hear the small moans escaping her lips. I took her shirt and raised it above her head and slid it off her arms. I unsnapped her bra and threw it on the ground. As I said before her breast were not big but they were not small either. I loved them. Her nipples were hard as rocks. I started to pinch and tweak them. Her breathing picked up and was very heavy. She turned and we started to kiss. Her lips were very soft and moist. She placed the tip of her tongue in my mouth and touched my tongue. I was melting. It was wet but not sloppy. She knew how to kiss. 

She reached inside my shorts and started to stroke my cock. She then moved my waistband down and took off my shorts and underwear all in one motion. I pushed her to her sleeping bag. I kissed her again and then moved to her neck. I kissed and softly bit at her neck and moved to her breasts. I kissed and licked in a circle around her left nipple. I moved to the right breast and did the same thing. She was arching her back trying to get me to suck on one of her nipples. When I finally put one in my mouth she screamed out in pleasure. I could tell she was close to having an orgasm she just needed something to send her over the edge. I reached down to rub her pussy. It was so wet. My fingers were sliding up and down her slit with ease. I circled her clit with my finger as I was sucking a nipple. She started to get louder. I then placed a finger inside her hot wet pussy. She started buck her hips and her body shuttered. I could tell she was having an orgasm. 

I moved my head down to her belly button then even further south. The smell of her pussy put me in a trance. It was sweet smelling. I tried to kiss around her clit and opening but she moved her pussy so it was right on my mouth. I stuck my tongue deep in her hole. It was the best tasting pussy I have ever had. I then took her clit in my mouth and started to suck it in and out from between my teeth. It was hard to keep a rhythm due to her bucking her hips. Within seconds her body was shaking with another orgasm. 

She moved and rolled me over to my back. She straddled my face then leaned down and took my cock in her mouth. We were in a 69 and she licked and sucked my cock like I have never experienced before. I couldn't take it anymore and warned her I was going to cum. She just kept sucking and stroking. I then shot a load of sperm deep down her throat. That did not seem to matter as she just kept sucking until the last drop of cum was emptied from my throbbing cock. 

She climbed off my cock and gave me a big kiss. She told me it had been a while since she had sex and I was just want she wanted/needed. We laid there for a few minutes and she was lightly stroking my cock. Before I knew it I was hard again. I rolled over on top of her and moved between her legs. I began to rub the head of my cock between her wet pussy lips. I put the tip in then pulled out. She was moaning and trying to get me to put it in. I kept teasing her. She finally said, "Give it all to me now." With that I thrust deep inside her. She let out a loud moan. I slowly put my cock in and out of her. I was going so deep I could feel my head hitting her cervix. I rose to my knees and was pounding her pussy hard. I also started to pinch her clit between my fingers. She told me not to stop. She screamed out and shuttered. I could feel my cock get hot. Just when I thought she could not get any wetter she became soaked. It was a great feeling that sent me over the edge. One more thrust and I was filling her pussy with my sticky cum. I collapsed and rolled over. She placed her head on my chest and told me she was exhausted. I was glad because I was too. We ended up falling asleep like that. 

The next morning I woke up to a surprise but that is another story. We were out there for three days and I will tell you there was a little bit of hunting with no deer to show. But it is the best hunting trip I will ever have.