 I think I must be a nymphomaniac. I'm horny all the time.

I lost my last job when they caught me fucking the young clerk in the mail room. He was tall and skinny, with pimples on his face and not very good look at, but he had a huge cock. He spent a lot of time walking by the table where I worked. He was always dropping stuff so he could kneel down and look up my mini skirt. Sometimes I wouldn't wear any panties and would open my legs just a little so he could see something. I used to think it was funny when he stood up and you could see the outline of his erection in his pants. One day when there was no one around and he did it, I reached out and grabbed his crotch. Two quick moves and he came in his pants.

I knew that he came in to the office very early every day to get all of the office memos and mail distributed, so the very next morning, at 8 AM I showed up to apologize for yesterday. When I opened the mail room door, he was standing there, his pants around his ankles and his dick in his hand. His head was back, his eyes were closed and he was stroking for all he was worth. I was amazed at the size of it. With his fist wrapped around it there was still 4 or 5 inches sticking out. It looked like he couldn't close his fingers around it.

He didn't know I was there so I knelt down in front of him, stopped his hand and said "I hope you are thinking about me." When I swallowed his cock, he looked down at me, moaned, and shot a huge load of cum into my mouth. I couldn't quite take it all and some of it dribbled down my chin. I quickly hiked up my mini skirt and sat on the edge of the mail sorting table. (I wasn't wearing any panties again.) With his pants still down around his ankles he hobbled forward and inserted his still hard, huge tool into my dripping pussy.

We were fucking like crazy when the office manager walked in. We might have gotten away with it if she had been a man, or if we had stopped when she came in, but this old prune was put out by what she saw. I think what bothered her most that we both had a climax while she watched.

When I went to Mr. Williams, the personnel manager to see if I could get a reference for a new job he already knew what had happened. He took me to lunch, and then to a hotel room for "counseling." The session started by him addressing my breasts. So that they could converse one-on-one he had me take off my blouse and bra. He said that since I looked uncomfortable standing there in my mini skirt that I should remove it too. (I still didn't have panties on.) He was talking to my tits so hard that his mouth was actually touching them. When he quit talking and inhaled, one went right into his mouth. (This happened quite a few times.) In order for us to be on equal footing he took off his clothes too.

Now, we got down to serious interviewing. He interviewed me from above, below, behind, standing, sitting and in a prone position. I most enjoyed the 69 interview with me on top. When the we finished at 4:30 I felt surprisingly refreshed, but he looked very pale and drawn. He gave me a sterling recommendation and an introduction to someone he knew that was looking for a person with my "talents."

The very next day I went to see Mr. Peters of "Peters and Peters, Real Estate" for an interview. At first I was disappointed when I found that Mr. Peters was almost 60 years old and that the other "Peters" had been his wife who passed away a few years ago. He explained to me that the position would be at his personal estate as his secretary, assistant, housekeeper and companion. After reading my resume and the letter from Mr. Williams, the personnel manager, he said like could start that afternoon if I so desired.

My first chore was to help relieve his stress by giving him a sensual massage. He had a complete massage table set up in the salon and had no qualms about disrobing in front of me. He was fit and trim and in surprisingly good physical shape for a man of his age. After I completed massaging his back and he turned over I could see it that there were other parts of him in very good shape too. He caught me eyeing his long slender cock and said "that needs massaging too."

I began that part of the massaged by fondling his balls with one hand and slowly caressing his penis with the other. It began to have an unusual effect on me and I could feel the wetness growing in my pussy. I welcomed his hand when it began tracing little circular patterns on my ass. It soon found its way down to my bare leg and then back up under my mini skirt. I moved a little closer so he could actually touch my pussy through my wet panties. "What the hell," I thought as I dropped my mini skirt and panties and moved closer so his fingers could caress that part of me that needed attention so badly.

"Come and sit on my face, I haven't tasted a woman for years."

He was the boss and I couldn't argue with him so I did as I was told. I took his cock and my mouth. I was surprised that his precum was as sweet as any 19 year old, but when he came he just didn't have the volume. I made up for what he lacked and when I turned around his face, chin and chest was covered with my nectar. He had not begun to wilt so I lowered my dripping pussy onto his waiting dick. I began the ride of my life that seemed to last at least 15 or 20 minutes. I must have climaxed four or five times as he pushed me up and down, up and down, up and down. I began to worry how this old man could stand this much physical exertion, but every time I looked down at him his eyes were closed and he was smiling. I quit worrying and began to enjoy. After 20 minutes or so of bucking me up and down he arched his back, pushed me high into the air, gave a loud whoop and I could feel him shoot deep inside of me. I collapsed on top of him and could feel his soft dick still in me. I was even more surprised, when after a few minutes, I felt it began to harden again. The entire scene was repeated, except that this time it must have lasted for at least 30 or 40 minutes.

The next day, I gave up my apartment and moved into the mansion with him.

I think I'm going to like this job.