 Well this is how I met my new lover. 

I always took my two children to school on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, since my wife and I split up.

By the time a couple of months had passed I was speaking to three or four mums that were also taking their children to school, usually before they were off to work. Just hello, nice day, wish it would stop raining and other such pleasantries. 

My son Mark had made friends with a boy called James, whose mum Kay I had being having a casual conversation with for the past few weeks.

Kay asked if Mark could go round to their house to play with James next Tuesday night after school for a couple of hours and Tony her husband would drop Mark off later. I agreed and thought it would give me and Sasha my daughter time together.

Tuesday came and Mark went to James's as planned and was dropped off by Tony at the agreed time of 20.30.

The next day I saw Kay at the school gates dressed in tight jeans and flimsy top, it was the first time I had noticed Kay's figure and what she was wearing. Kay looked good, her long black hair seemed to bounce around her shoulders, her firm looking round ass filled her jeans to perfection, her titties looked pert, not very big, just a hand full by the looks of it.

I casually strolled over to Kay and asked how Mark had been last night.

As Kay looked up at me our eyes met for several seconds before I looked away thinking fuck she looks sexy, I fancied Kay.

Kay told me how Mark had kept James from under her feet and he could go round to play with James anytime.

I thought I wouldn't mind playing with you anytime too.

Our eyes met again for several seconds before our conversation ended. Kay's hazel eyes appeared to look inviting, sexy and innocent all at the same time. Although I'd seen Kay and spoken to her several times before, I now fancied her.

The following Tuesday Kay was wearing a blue just above the knee dress, her hair and makeup was done to perfection. The thing I noticed most of all was her high heels and fine tights, I say tights as I didn't want to presume they were stockings, I had no evidence of either. 

We passed the time of day and I found I couldn't resist complimenting Kay on how nice she looked. Kay thanked me while smiling and looking direct into my eyes. Fucking hell she is so sexy I thought.

Kay dressed similar for the next three weeks, looking smart and sexy. I made a point of talking to her each week, complimenting her each time we met. 

On the fourth week Kay looked a little sexier by wearing a dress that was two inches above her knee and a neck line that showed a small cleavage.

I told Kay how nice she looked and I asked if she was going out any where.

Kay replied by telling me no, she wasn't going any where only maybe to the shops later she added.

I asked Kay if she'd like a coffee if she wasn't doing anything more important. Kay half jumped at the chance her eyes looking directly into mine and told me she'd be round in half an hour if that was alright with me.

I thought fuck work I'll throw a sick day in. Not a problem I told Kay, telling her I'd get the coffee on.

When Kay arrived the coffee was ready to be poured and I'd called at the stop on the way home to buy tea cakes, which I popped in the toaster when the door bell rang.

Kay came in and sat on a bar stool in the kitchen which made the hem of her dress ride up by another two inches making me stare at her lovely toned legs for a few moments until the toaster popping up our tea cakes brought me back to reality.

With coffee poured and tea cakes buttered I sat next to Kay on the other bar stool which was at the breakfast bar overlooking the garden. 

I asked Kay how she was going on, again telling her how nice she looked and I couldn't believe she wasn't going out somewhere nice with the effort she had made.

Kay began telling me that I was too kind and she was dressed like that for Tony but it didn't make much difference, he didn't seem to take much notice.

I told Kay surely he likes what he sees, adding you look great, he must be blind.

Kay told me that Tony didn't seem to pay her much attention since she had James her youngest son telling me how she had bought nice underwear too, but even that it didn't make much if a difference.

I became very forward and asked Kay if she was wearing her new underwear now. I just came out with it, when I realised what I'd said I expected a slap or for Kay to rush out, but no, Kay told me she had her green set on.

I then blurted out I bet they look good on you. 

Oh fuck I thought I should not have said that either.

Kay looked into my eyes and asked me if I'd like to see them. I nodded not really believing what I was hearing.

Kay got up and told me to unzip the dress, which I did, slowly, then turning round she let the dress fall to the floor.

I looked Kay up and down taking in her beauty. Kay's titties were a small hand full and they looked firm in her lace bra.

I told Kay how nice she looked in that set of underwear telling her that I'd love to see her in the other sets. 

Taking a step forward putting my hand out, I began to feel Kay's bra strap telling her that the material felt nice and silky while noticing Kay's nipples were hard and could be seen through the material.

Kay looked me in the eye, smiled and took half a step towards me. I knew then I was more than halfway to her promised land.

Gently sliding her bra strap off her shoulder, I came in close I kissing her tenderly, Kay responded by opening her mouth and letting our tongues dance together. This lasted for several minutes and by the time our mouths had parted Kay had parted company with her bra.

I looked at Kay's lovely firm titties with large nipples that I could wait to suck, so bending 

forward I took one of Kay's nipples in my mouth slowly sucking it deep into my mouth. Kay gently pulled my head towards her while gently moaning.

My cock was as hard as a steel bar jutting out of my trousers. Kay gently rubbed her hand along its length moaning god you feel fat.

When I stopped sucking on Kay's nipple Kay looked into my eyes saying, "you will be gentle with me, please take me gently." 

I nodded before giving Kay a deep lingering kiss on her lips before working down her body with kisses while putting my fingers in the waist of her panties and pulling them down as I went lower. When I reached her trimmed black bush I kissed along her landing strip to her clit. As I began to lick and lightly suck on Kay's clit, she parted her legs further allowing my tongue to slowly run along her moist slit. 

Kay moaned as she pulled my head deeper between her legs.

Kay's pussy was so wet I could feel her juices on my face. I slowly slid two fingers in her wet pussy which had opened like a flower. Then I slowly frigging Kay with one hand while the other explored her ass cheeks and my tongue worked on her clit.

Kay sat on one of the stools while I carried on frigging her wet pussy and teasing her clit with my tongue working her up to a mind blowing orgasm. 

As Kay's moans got louder, her body started shaking and as Kay reached her peak she squirted on my neck and chest while gripping my shoulders.

After Kay had come back down to earth from her orgasm, she looked at me and told me how sorry she was, I asked what was she sorry for, Kay told me that she'd made a mess. I pulled her to me cuddling her I told Kay there was nothing to be sorry for and it was perfectly natural for that to happen.

Holding me tight Kay told me that it had not happened before but she'd not felt like that before either.

"Never," I asked.

"No never," said Kay.

I held her close, my rock hard cock sticking in her thigh, which Kay had forgot all about, for the time being anyway.

When we parted Kay put her hand down to feel my cock which was still as hard as an iron bar. I pulled my trousers down and Kay pushed my boxers down too.

Kay wanked my cock as I positioned myself between her legs. Then Kay put my cock at the entrance of her pussy and I one gentle thrust my cock was deep in Kay's open wet pussy. I began to slowly slide my cock in and out of her pussy while Kay put her legs around my waist as I began to pick up pace Kay used her legs to make me thrust deep into her.

After a couple of minutes I felt Kay become very wet as she came and I couldn't hold on any longer so I shot my load deep in her as Kay squirted over my Cock and balls . We held each other for a few minutes, calming ourselves then as I pulled out and away from Kay I could see her open red pussy with my spunk running out. As I looked down at my trousers I realised when Kay became wet she had squirted quite a lot and it was all over my boxers and trousers.

It was a good job I was home because I wouldn't have been able go out with those trousers on, everyone would have thought I'd pissed myself. As I removed my trousers and boxers Kay had gone to the bathroom to clean herself in the bathroom sink.

When Kay returned I was bottom half naked making coffee which we drank on the bar stools in the kitchen. While we were sat there I noticed Kay kept looking at my limp cock and I kept thinking what is Kay thinking about it.

Kay was still naked while we drank our coffee and she seemed to be very comfortable with me looking at her nakedness, my eyes feasted on her titties and still hard nipples while my hand started to slowly slide up her leg. Kay smile at me while telling me that she would have to go while parting her legs at the same time.

I slid my hand up to her open wet pussy lips and slipped a finger inside. I asked Kay if she would like me to stop as I frigged her. 

Kay parted the legs more but didn't say anything, I knelt between her legs and started to lick her clit and push another finger up her open pussy. Kay held on to me as she came shouting out oh fuck, oh fuck, fuck it fuck it, I felt Kay's pussy throb gripping my fingers.

Then as Kay was coming down from her peak I bent her over the breakfast bar and fucked her taking my pleasure fucking her hard and after several minutes shot my load again deep in her pussy which appeared to make Kay have a small orgasm.

We both went into the shower and washed each other before we got dressed and Kay left me with a big smile on my face.

Kay text me later in the day asking if I was going to be home tomorrow. I replied to Kay that I would be home on Saturday. Kay couldn't make Saturday as Tony her husband would be home. We agreed that when I dropped the children off at school on Tuesday we could talk then.

Tuesday arrived and when I dropped the children off Kay was waiting for me dressed in a rather short skirt for a school run.

I asked her to follow me as I had parked my car around the corner so there was less chance of people seeing us together.

I opened the car door for Kay and shut it when Kay had got in, which she thanked me for. I got in the drivers seat and as soon as I turned to face Kay she kissed me straight away. Our tongues danced with each others and after we part our embrace I looked around to see if anyone had seen us but there was no one on the road.

Kay asked again if we could go back to my place but I told her I needed to go to work.

Kay faced me letting her head become closer to mine until our lips met again. Our tongues were soon dancing together, our mouths showing our hunger for each other.

My hand soon found its way to her clothed breast, massaging her breast I brought Kay's nipples to an erect state. I could feel the hardness of her nipples beneath her top and bra and when we parted to get our breath I could see them sticking out, pushing the material of her top out.

I looked around to see if anyone had seen us but the road was clear of people.

Our tongues were soon dancing together again as my hand moved to Kay's knee, then slowly and gently I moved my hand up the inside of her bare leg. Kay let her legs part as her skirt rode up as my hand got close to her pantie clad pussy. I then sliding my hand over her panties and back down to her knee and back up again, doing this several times before I let a finger slip inside her panties. Kay's pussy lips felt swollen and as I let my finger trace along her slit to her clit which was as hard as a ripe cherry. Kay opened her legs further to allow full access to her pussy.

We broke from our kiss, Kay looked at me and said "not here, please not here, someone will see us."

I carried on gently rubbing Kay's clit while Kay looked into my eyes.

Then letting my finger slide down her slit I found her wet open hole ready to be filled. I slid two fingers up her pussy, Kay's eyes opened wide and she started to moan as I began fingering her rubbing her G spot and clit. Kay started to buck her hips, moaning louder,

I said, "here or not?"

Kay moaned, "don't stop now oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck."

Kay came wetting her panties and the car seat, her whole body writhing, her hips bucking uncontrollably on my fingers.

When Kay had calmed down she looked at me and told me that it was a good job we didn't get caught or we would be in trouble. I told Kay she wasn't bothered what happened or who saw us when my fingers did the walking. Kay blushed telling me that I was fucking good with those fingers.

Kay asked me how far it was to work, I told her about twenty minutes, that's when Kay told me to drive to work now.

I set off and Kay's hand soon moved to my hard cock. Kay rubbed it, then unzipped my trousers getting the hard rod of a cock out. Kay wet her fingers and began to rub around the head of my cock, then bending over Kay began to lick around the head and slowly along my shaft. It was a good job we had left our town and was heading to the next town where I worked or a lot of people would have seen Kay expertly licking my cock. Kay then began to suck my cock, taking it deep in her mouth, licking the head as she let it slide out of her mouth. Kay pushed a hand under me to use a finger around my ass but not actually entering it. This made me pull down a side road and stop. Kay never stopped sucking me and I soon exploded in her mouth, Kay taking every drop straight down her throat. Then Kay licked my cock making sure it was clean.

I set off to work, dropping Kay off at a bus stop so she could catch the bus back to our town. 

I kept thinking about Kay all day and what we could get up to. It didn't help me with my work, I ended up rushing in the afternoon to catch up with my work.

Till next time, that's all I could think about next time.