 When I bought the company I had the opportunity to pick my own personal secretary. So I asked HR to send up some suitable resumes for me to review. Thank you to the government because all of the files had copies of the candidate's driver's license – I get to see what they look like first.

I interviewed three but as soon as Marie walked in I knew who it was going to be. She was about thirty, and according to her license, five feet six and 120 pounds. She had a nice pair of tits and great legs which she showed off by wearing as mid-thigh length skirt. And she was single.

We chatted (and flirted) for a while as I asked her the standard questions and offered her the position. She agreed and would start the following day.

For the next six months I worked closely with her, enjoying her smell when we were close and watching her move around the office. She had a great ass as well. As time progressed, I actually began to believe that she was taunting me. But I always got a cold shoulder when I pushed a little. So I just decided to enjoy the view and beat off at night fantasizing about what she looked like under her clothes.

When my best friend Stan decided to marry his long time sweetheart, we all decided that a bachelor party of the first magnitude was in store for him. He was so straight and so pussy whipped that it might just give him a new lease. So one of the guys arranged for us to get a limo and go to this strip club about forty miles away. The idea was for us to be far enough away that we could let loose and not worry about being seen.

We arrived about 8:30 Saturday night to this little place on MLK Highway in Pompano called the Booby Trap. One of the guys said he came their regularly when he was on the road. The girls where real nice and friendly and the food was pretty good too. They set us up right next to the stage and brought along a round of drinks and then another as we watched the girls strip and flaunt their pussies. On the most part the girls where nice looking and built well. Some had obviously had the tits done, but who cared. About 9:30 there was a shift change and a new group of girls hit the floor. A half dozen went straight for our table and started working the guys with lap dances and tits in their faces. They just stayed nude on at the table after each dance because there was always the next guy. 

"Want a dance handsome" someone asked from behind me. When I turned around to see who had this great sexy voice I was instantly excited. She had on a micro mini bikini covered by a see-thru robe that went down to her knees. The outfit didn't leave much to the imagination. I just stared at this incredible body and nodded yes. She came around, pulled off her cover and started on me. She squatted down and put her head between my legs and butted my now hard dick with her nose and her cheek. Then she stood and stripped everything off and spread her legs. She had the most amazing pussy. Shaved clean, large labia, and they were extended. Just the kind you want to bury face in.

"Let's go somewhere a little more private and play" she cooed. We stood up. She took me by the hand and paraded me to the VIP lounge as if I was big game. She was naked as could be and as we walked by guys would pat her ass. We found a couch in the corner and closed the curtains. We did the money thing and she told me I wouldn't be disappointed. When the waitress came with the wine and left the curtain open, I saw Marie walk by totally nude with a guy. They were coming from one of the other couches and she was pretty sweaty and he was massaging her left tit and her ass as they walked. She wasn't doing anything except smiling at him. There was a whole other side to my secretary and I was going to make use of it – a lot of use.

Meantime the waitress left and the stripper pulled off my belt, opened my pants and grabbed my dick. She knelt down and started giving me one of the greatest blow jobs ever "just to get me ready" she said. She stood up and straddled my legs with my dick sticking straight up. She leaned over and said:

"I like to fuck, and you have a nice cock." 

She found a condom from somewhere and rolled it on with her mouth. Fucking amazing woman. Then, in one swift motion, she buried me all the way to my balls in her hot pussy. She was already so wet that it went in like a hot knife through butter. Then she rode me and rode me till I couldn't hold back. She stood up and stuck my precum and cunt juice covered dick into her ass and finished me off. What an amazing fuck. 

We drank some wine and she gave me another fabulous blow job and I fucked her ass again. After I came the second time she stood up and announced that our time was up and that I should get dressed while she went and cleaned up. 

That night I slept like a baby and had a fantasy dream about Marie.

That next Monday morning I called Marie into my office first thing.

"I will have to let you go Marie" I said with as stern a face as I could muster. My mind, on the other hand, had something else planned.

"What have I done to make you want to fire me" she cried. "Aren't you happy with my work? I am trying very hard and I thought I was doing a good job!"

"It isn't about your work. In fact your work is just fine and your demeanor and attitude is fine. The staff like you and the customers like you." I replied.

"Then what?" She was on the verge of tears.

I lowered the boom. "When you signed on here, there where a couple of rules that were not to be broken. You broke one of them and it is cause for dismissal. You understood that when you signed your paperwork."

"What did I do that was so bad?" she was crying pretty hard at this point.

"You have been guilty of activities that reflect badly on the company should anyone know that you work here - especially in my office. I can not have that – we have worked to hard for our reputation."

"Please sir, tell me what I have done to make you so angry with me." She was sobbing uncontrollably.

"I have learned that you are a nude dancer at some club in Pompano called the Booby Trap and that they have private rooms for more intimate contact with customers. You have been seen coming and going from those rooms in various states of undress. Money changes hands in those private rooms. In my book that could be called prostitution and is cause for dismissal."

"Please let me explain before I leave. I am in desperate financial trouble and I was forced into dancing and whatever. I have been doing that two nights a week for the last four months because my ex-boyfriend left me with a $50,000 loan from the guy that owns this place He got my signature on a mortgage on my house. He also used my credit cards and ran up about twenty-five thousand dollars in charges. It was supposed to be a new business he was starting. It turns out he was blowing it on girls and drugs. I didn't know what to do so when the owner offered for me to work it off I agreed. I have paid down about four thousand already. Please don't fire me, I need my job to live on while I work this stuff off. I'll do anything you say, but please don't fire me!"

"Look Marie, I would really like to help you somehow but $75,000 is a lot of money."

"If you could help me by letting me stop working at that club, I would do anything you ask. I could work more hours so I could pay off the debt with you."

"Let me see if I understand. You are willing to work overtime doing whatever I want so long as you can pay us instead of the owner of the club and the credit card companies. You want us to advance you the money to pay them off. Would you be willing to give us the same kind of collateral as they have?"

"Of course, sir, and anything else you want. Just let me stop having to work there." She got down on her knees and crawled over to me. "I am begging for your help and my job."

"Marie, you are a very attractive woman. I could use that in my efforts to build the company. If you help me by doing whatever is necessary to secure new business, I will give you a new position that has more responsibility and much more money. But if you renege on anything I ask I will fire you immediately and foreclose on your home. Is that clear?"

"Yes sir, and thank you."

"Don't thank me yet" I said. She had no idea what I am planning.

"Here is my proposal – take it or leave it. As of tomorrow, you will become my very personal assistant with a new title and $500 per month pay increase. It will require long hours of hard work with me here or wherever I must travel. That means you will be traveling with me on overnights. It will mean you will be sharing a room with me and that we will have sex wherever and whenever I say so. It will mean giving your favors to others that I designate one at a time or more than one at a time. It will mean, in short, that in addition to your administrative duties you will become my sex slave. In exchange, for every such favor, other than me, I will pay you $1,000 as a sales bonus if the designated individual is fully satisfied. I will not charge any interest on your loan so that you can pay it back as fast as possible. When it is paid off, you can leave the company or stay. If you stay, it will be as my sex slave and personal assistant under the same terms and conditions. It that agreeable to you."

She was in total shock as I laid it all out. But as I got more and more graphic about what was expected I could see her flush. She stood up and sat down in the chair next to my desk. She let her skirt slide up so I could see the tops of her stockings.

"Yes sir. I agree."

"Tomorrow morning when you come in I will have a contract for you to sign as well as mortgage documents and any other items legal says I will need. When you have signed them and they have been filed you may begin looking for a replacement for your current position from the pool. Make sure she is single and attractive – someone that might be agreeable to work and play very closely with us. Then I want you to find an apartment here in town that is suitable for entertaining customers or guests and have it furnished and decorated. I want you to move some of your things into the apartment and I will leave some things for you to pack at my apartment and bring there is well. Now, here is a company credit card and a key to my home. I want you to purchase some new clothes that befit your new position. Shorter skirts and more revealing blouses. Do not bother with underwear, you will not be wearing any – not here or at the apartment. And, finally, you may now call me Jack instead of sir or Mr. Helsey. Any questions?"
 "I am honored that you will trust me with that much money. I have learned a few things working at the Club. May I do something this evening for you to show my appreciation and my willingness to do whatever it takes to make you happy with me and proud of what I am willing to do for you?"

"What did you have in mind?"

She stood and walked around to my side of the desk. She took off her blouse and unzipped her skirt leaving herself in a demi-bra, stockings and a sheer thong. She unhooked her bra and released her gorgeous tits. She sat down on the desk and spread her legs showing how wet she had become.

"Would you like to taste what you have coming?" she cooed and pulled her thong down over her legs and dropped it in my lap. Her pussy was cleanly shaved and obviously moist. She shuttled her ass to the edge of the desk and pulled her heals up onto the desk spreading her legs even wider and opening her pussy fully. She was literally dripping. I leaned between her legs and started licking her from her asshole to her clit in long strokes. As I continued she moaned her appreciation of my tongue.

"You are so good at that - your tongue is wonderful. I am going to really enjoy working with you Jack. Whatever you do right now, however, don't stop eating me!"

I continued licking her and nibbling on her clit and her engorged pussy lips. With each bite she groaned in pleasure. Her hips started pushing forward with each touch to her pussy. She grabbed my head and pulled it forward. I stuck my tongue as far into her as I could. I was greeted with her orgasm and a splash of the most delicious juice I have ever tasted – and I have tasted a lot. She pushed me away and got down on her knees between my legs. She undid my belt and unzipped my fly.

"Stand up" she ordered. I did and my pants fell to the floor.. She pulled down my shorts and there I was, tall and proud and hard as I can ever remember. I am pretty big as things go – about 10 inches long and about three inches across. And my dick head is large.

"Oh my god you are soooooo beautiful and sooooo big" she squealed. She stroked it slowly as she licked my tip with her tongue outstrectched. Then she took me all into her mouth and down her throat. The feeling was amazing. She kept at it, stroking and sucking me all the way down her throat until I couldn't take any more.

"I going to cum" I said.

"Give me all you have I want to taste you!"

And I unloaded in her throat. She gulped and swallowed and chocked, but she kept it all inside. She came off my cock and licked her lips.

"Jack, no matter what you want me to do, as long as I can have this beautiful dick to play with and you use it to fuck me, it will be worth everything else you want me to do. I am really going to enjoy working under you!"

She stood up and walked out of my office stark naked. Good thing everyone had already gone home. She came back with a wet and dry towel. She wiped me down slowly and carefully and dried me as well. I couldn't believe it, I was hard again.

"Oh goody" she whispered " more for Marie!"

She straddled my lap and slowly worked me into her pussy. She was very tight, but then again most women were the first time with me. In and out she pushed and pulled going deeper with each motion. Finally she had me all the way in. I could feel her cervix hitting the tip of my dick. I pumped her a little and she started to moan. She started to lift and drop on my lap burying me with each stroke and slamming me into her. Each time she bottomed out, she would gasp with pleasure. Her pussy was hot and wet around my dick – like an oven - and she was breathing hard as she played with her clit while riding me up and down..

"O0ooooooohhhhhhhhhhh my god is that fabulous. Just let me get used to it some more. It feels so good being this full. I have never .... Oh Jack – just fuck me stupid!"

I stood up with her still impaled on my incredibly hard dick. I sat her on the desk, grabbed her knees and pushed her legs as wide apart and as far back toward her head as I could. She leaned back on her elbows and thrust her hips at me burying me once again in her steaming channel. I went nuts pounding her pussy with long strokes faster and faster. She was gasping for breath in between each stroke and groaning as I pulled out. I felt the walls of her pussy grasp my dick in a vise as she made a primeval groan and came. Her walls pulsed and I continued to pound away. She went from one orgasm to the next as I slammed my dick in and out. Finally, I couldn't take any more. She was so tight around me I just had to let go. When I came, she came twice more in quick succession. I thought I was unloading a gallon of cum. I just kept spurting and spurting and her pussy walls kept milking my dick until I was totally drained. 

"Oh man was that incredible Jack. I have never been so totally fucked in my whole life. You are amazing with your beautiful tool. I must of cum twelve times. Thank you – thank – thank you. I am your willing sex toy and slave."

As so our trip into depravity began. Marie, the hottest, most sexually attractive women I have ever been with, wanted me to fuck her stupid and my dick always seemed to sense it.

To be continued...