 So here's the scenario. I'm a 22-year-old male fresh out of a private college and now working here in Atlanta as a businessman. I can't complain, its what I really wanted to do with my life. I always worked hard in high school and college so that upon my graduation I could receive what I've always wanted which was money. I have wanted to be rich ever since I can remember. 

Every time I sit down and watch TV and see these rappers with all this money and cars and women everywhere. Which brings me to the main reason I wanted to be rich. I love women, not just like every other male does. Ya see I've been know to become obsessed with women that many men may not find attractive. Don't get me wrong, I love the sexy women of the world too, and never failed to throw it there way as well. I just have a hard time finding things wrong with women. If your clean and not too portly, chances are I'll find something about you that intrigues me even just a little. 

Like the one time in college I hooked up with the girl who was just in my room to study with me. Most guys didn't find her attractive, and neither did I, but for some reason I really wanted to see what my cum would look like on her face and glasses. So one night while studying I put the moves on her and you know the rest. It looked even better than I had imagined, though she was quite pissed that I pulled my dick out of her mouth and came on her face. Like I cared. 

But that's not the story I wanna tell you. Like I was saying, I work as a businessman in Atlanta, where the ratio of girls to guys is in my favor. When I got the job, I was given my very own office in a high-rise building, and I was also given my own secretary. I was sooo excited on the first day of work to meet my secretary, the woman I figured I would seduce and have eating outta my lap, literally. I got dressed in my finest suit looking quite good I might say and went off to work. 

Now, all jokes aside, I really am quite a decent looking man. I'm close to the definition of tall dark and handsome. I'm an Italian who has dark skin and eyes, and is still in great shape from my college athletic career. In fact when I was in college I used to get teased by all the girls who wanted me. They would come right out and say that they wanted me to my face. They did this because they thought that I never hooked up with anyone. And then when I'd hook up with them, they'd keep up the act so as not to alarm their friends that I was on the market. So basically I fucked around with girls but nobody ever thought I did a thing, and every girl thought they were the only one getting it. It was quite the set up.

So I get to work looking dapper and am introduced to my secretary who will be handling all my phone calls and mail and shit like that. Now I know I said I love women, but even I couldn't get down with this 63 year old grandmother. I just can't do it. The man who was introducing me, my boss Jim, said, "I'd like you to meet your secretary Judy. Judy has been here for 29 years and is planning on retiring in six months. But, she will be you're faithful secretary till then." 

'Great,' I thought in jest. Well at least I only have her for six months. I was soo ready for the sexy secretary who took care of ALL of my needs only to get this washed up woman. Over the next six months I worked well with Judy, and actually aside from pleasing me in any way sexually, she was very good to work with. 

Then Jim stopped by one day in December and reminded me that Judy was retiring at the end of the month. How I couldn't wait for that. I asked Jim if were going to be a part of the selecting committee for my new secretary. He said no, but that I should not worry cause he'll take care of me. "Give me a fucking break," is all I could think. "In a city like this, he better pick me something sexy or I'm gonna be pissed." After Judy's retirement party I had a week without a secretary before my new one started. All that Jim told me was that she was 21 years old and was going to be a "great little worker." Not like I cared how hard she worked.

The following Monday rolled around fast and when I got to work expecting to meet my new secretary, she wasn't even there. I called Jim's office to ask what the deal was, and he told me that she just had to fill out some forms down in the HR dept. and would be up around 11am. So I had 3 hours to do work and sit around waiting for her.

Around 10:30am I there was a knock on my door. Not expecting it yet to be her I yelled "come in" and kept my head down finishing the sentence I was in the middle of writing. But as I was about to end the person spoke to me first.

"Ah Mr. Anders?" the soft voice said in a sweet tone.

As I looked up from my desk to the woman standing in the doorway, all I could muster was a weak sounding, "Yeah, that's me."

"Hi. I'm Trisha your new secretary," said the woman as if she was unsure she was in the right location.

As she said this I was taking notice of her pretty face and sexy body and was hardly paying any attention to what she said. She was medium height, about 5'6", with long dirty blonde hair. She had tanned skin that looked as if she just got back from the Bahamas. Her face had only a little makeup, with dark brown eyes that made you feel as if you were falling into them, and pouty lips that were glistening from the glossy lipstick she was wearing. She was wearing a short sleeve white blouse with the first 3 buttons undone, and a black mini skirt. I couldn't see any cleavage, but I could tell she had an ample chest, maybe a large B or a small C. Her body overall was athletic in shape. Not what I would call a skinny girl but was not even close to being thick. Just solid is all I could tell. Her legs and arms appeared to be quite toned with not a ripple of fat to be found. 

As I came out of my daze I finally said, "Trisha did you say? Sorry Trisha I was just finishing up my report from last week." I got up from my desk and walked over to her shaking her hand welcoming her to the company. " Have a seat Trisha," I said.

"My name is Joseph Anders, but everyone calls me Joey." As I explained to her what I did and how she would be helping me, I couldn't help but occasionally take a peak at her body. Sometimes I would look down at her breasts, or sometimes I would go as far to look between her legs. Not that I could see anything, because her legs were pressed fast together. It was still exciting though. This is what I had been waiting for. I even think she caught me once or twice looking too. I didn't care though, I was in charge and she'd just have to get used to it. 

When I showed her to her desk, she sat down in her chair and I hovered over her introducing her to her phone and computer. I could now smell her perfume, which smelled something like the beach or morning rain. It was very fitting to her and got me even more excited. I also had a nice view down her shirt. I couldn't see too much, but I could now see a little bit of tanned cleavage and a few freckles. It was definitely too much. My dick wasn't even hard. It was as if it were on overload. 

I spent the rest of the day with her talking about the job and what she would be doing. When time came to go home she said, "Goodnight Mr. Anders. I'll see you tomorrow morning." 

"Joey!" I yelled back, "You can call me Joey." 

"OK," she said with a smile and a quick wave as she closed the door behind her.

I was now beginning to come out of shock. As I leaned back in my chair with my hands around my head, I could only think of the days to come, and how nice it was going to be to look at her everyday. Now in the mood, I surfed the net looking at some porn for an hour, and then when home. 

Trisha and I worked very well together for the next couple of weeks. Everyday she never failed to have a sexy outfit on that just made me go crazy. I knew she enjoyed the fact that I was looking so hard too. I never failed to tell her she looked pretty today or I like what you're wearing. Even a few of my clients commented on her. I think she probably made me a few more dollars just by being my secretary. Most guys would rather work with a guy with a secretary like Trisha than one like Judy. 

After a month of Trisha prancing in and out of my office on a daily basis, I was starting to go crazy. I wanted her soo bad. I just wanted to make love to her for hours. 

One Thursday in February I came in to work only to see her dressed in the same outfit she had worn the first day. The white blouse still had three buttons undone, though I wanted to ask her to undo the next one, but I figured this would lead to me just pulling my dick out of my pants and losing all control. She called into my office around 11 am and asked me if I had a second to answer two questions for her. Of course I told her to come on in to my office. She came in holding a paper and immediately started talking.

"OK. I have written the letter you asked me to write, but at the end of it I didn't know whether to sign it for you or let you sign it." 

"I should probably sign it," I said as she moved around me behind my left shoulder. She handed me the paper and I signed it. As I was turning back around toward her I was distracted from looking at her face at the last second by her blouse that now had 4 buttons undone. "Thank you," I said in a slow voice as I was still staring at the new cleavage that was now visible. Whether it was by accident or she did it on purpose, I could not take my eyes away from her sexy chest and now partially visible white satin bra. When I finally looked up, I could tell that she had obviously noticed what I was staring at. She had a little smirk on her face and was sticking the pen in her mouth. What could I do though, it was in my face and I'm a man after all. No man could have resisted.

"Oh, the second thing I wanted to ask," she said as she walked towards my door giving me a good look at a very tight ass, "is can you possibly take me home today after work. My car is being fixed and I can't pick it up till tomorrow morning." 

"Sure," I said. "We'll leave at 5."

"Sounds good to me," she said as she turned and walked out the door giving me yet another look at her ass. Her ass was slightly large for a girl her size, but very firm. Just the way most men want 'em.

I couldn't wait for work to end. I just wanted to get her in my car and then really get a good look at her as I was driving. With all those buttons undone I was sure to be hard as a rock the entire way to her home.

Around 4pm it began to rain outside, and it was raining hard. I was pissed for the first time ever that our company had parking garage attached to the building. I knew that Trisha didn't bring her jacket and I also knew that she had a white shirt and bra on. It almost made me hard just thinking about what would have happened if I were parked outside. 

When 5pm did roll around I put on my jacket, turned off my computer, and went out to get Trisha. She was still working on her computer when I snuck up behind her, and I figured this would be a good time to take another look down her shirt. To my dismay, only the top 3 buttons to her blouse were undone. I was pissed, now how was I gonna get off on the ride home, it was bad enough that I couldn't get her wet before I got her into the car.

"Hey you ready?" I said as I tapped her on the shoulder.

"Yep," she said, "just let me shut this baby down." "Did ya see it's raining like crazy out there? Good thing you're parked in the garage. I didn't even bring a jacket."

"Yeah," I said in an upset manner.

As I was taking her home, I occasionally took brief breaks from our conversation to glance down at her legs or her chest. Just hoping somehow that that 4th button would come undone. Trisha was explaining to me that she was not having me take her to her house, but to her grandmother's, which was closer. Not that I really cared, I just wanted to stare at her body. I could tell our journey was coming to an end though as we entered a neighborhood. 

"Fourth house on the right," she said. "Just pull out front and I'll run up to the door," as she kicked off her shoes. 

The rain was coming down in buckets as I pulled in front of her house. At that moment I wanted nothing more than to be the front door of her house, waiting to see what she in her white blouse and bra looked like by the time she made it to the door. She thanked me for the ride, opened the door and ran up to the house. 

As she got to the door I could tell that it was taking her awhile to get in. She knocked a couple of times, then she tried a key or two, rang the doorbell, and even seemed to yell once. All the time she was getting soaked by the second. Then after a few minutes she began to return to the car somewhat slowly as in disbelief. I rolled down my window and asked her what the problem was. As she approached the car she said, "I can't get in!"

When she leaned on the windowsill I could see that the rain had done exactly what I expected. My eyes felt as though they were gonna pop out of my head. Through her shirt I could just barely make out what I thought might be the outline of her areolas. But I blind man couldn't have missed the size of her nipples. Her nipples were poking out of her shirt so far, that the shirt could not even cling to her body around them. As I wiped the drool from my mouth I told her, "Get back in the car."

"I can't. Your car is leather, …..and I'm all wet," she said as she looked down at herself for the first time now realizing that she was showing through her shirt. She took her hands from the car and tried to cover her breasts.

"Just get in!" I said obviously not caring if she was going to get my car wet. "I can take you back to my place if you like, and then you can call until your grandma returns and then I'll bring you back."

"No, I don't want to bother you," she said as she looked up at me with her makeup slightly smudged and her lips looking more full than ever with the bits of rain glistening on them. She looked so sexy it was hard for me not to lean over and kiss her on the spot.

"Trust me, its not a problem," I said as we pulled away.

When we got inside my apartment, I threw my jacket over a chair and turned around to her. Trisha was still crossing her arms covering her wet shirt and hard nipples. 

"Would you like me to get you a dry shirt?" 

"No, I just gotta call my grandma."

"Phones on the desk. Can I fix you a drink?" I said as I walked to bar opening a new bottle of Crown Royal for myself.

"I'm only 19."

"Ooops…" I thought.

"But I'd love a rum and coke if ya got it," she said.

I began to mix her drink and mine, the whole time watching her across the room dialing a few times and then finally just leaving a message. She got up from the desk and walked over to the opposite side of the bar. I passed her drink to her and we toasted to ourselves. 

After we finished our second drinks Trisha finally took her hands down from her chest. Her shirt was still soaking wet, and her nipples were still just as prominent as before. I was passing Trisha another drink when I notice that somehow the 4th button on her shirt had again came undone. I don't know whether she did it, or it popped undone on its own, all I know is that right before me was Trisha's cleavage now glistening from the rain. I immediately felt my cock begin to thicken, growing tight against my pants.

"You know what," she said as my eyes were glued to her chest, "I think I will take you up on that offer of a dry shirt. This one's all wet and it's making my nipples hard."

"Did she say that?" I thought. I nearly spit out my drink. She was now looking up at me with the same smirk she had earlier in the day when she caught me looking at her. I told her to follow me, and I led her down the hall to my bedroom. The entire time my dick straining to break free. 

"A t-shirt will be fine," she said as we entered the room. I bent down in front of my dresser as Trisha took a seat on my bed. I was flipping through my shirts trying to decide which one to give her. God knows I wanted to give her a plain white one, but that would be too obvious. I found a nice gray MSU shirt and stood up to give it to her. 

When I turned around I was caught off guard when I realized that she had taken her shirt and skirt off and was just sitting on my bed in her white bra and white panties. I was frozen. I reached out the shirt to her. 

"I'll just wait outside, there's shorts in the top…"

"You don't have to leave," she said as she threw my shirt aside and took hold of my hand. "In fact, I was hoping that you would come and keep me warm." As she said this she pulled me on top of her body my arms still trying to keep our chests apart. She leaned up quick and began to kiss me. Her tongue was going deeper and deeper into my mouth as she pulled my body completely on top of hers. Her lips were as soft and delicious as they looked. I warm refreshing feeling was sent from her lips through my body. 

I rolled over pulling her on top of me, never breaking our locked lips from the deep and passionate kiss. Her legs were straddling mine, and I began to feel around her body with my one hand. I placed it on her back but moved it down to her soft ass, which was bare from the thong panties she was wearing. I squeezed her ass and felt the unbelievable firmness of it. 

I then moved my hand from her ass up to her breasts, which I had longed for from the moment I met her. I could feel her large hard nipples under the sating bra. I reached around and undid her bra letting her breasts fall to my chest that was now bare as she pulled my shirt over my head. I could feel her nipples pressed against my chest and could wait no longer to see and taste them. I rolled on top of her, removing my mouth from hers and began to kiss my way down to her firm breasts. I took a hard nipple into my mouth and began to massage the other with my fingers. Trisha was beginning to moan as I let the nipple fall from my mouth. I raised my head while placing both of my hand on her breast, and took in my first full view of her body. 

Her breasts were perfect. Not too big or too small with nice half-dollar sized areolas, and large hard nipples in the middle. She was beginning to rub her crotch against mine as I took the other nipple into my mouth. I began to kiss my way down her stomach towards her pussy; her light moans encouraging me to continue. 

When I got to the top of her white satin thong, I moved my attention to her legs and began to kiss the insides of her thighs. I kissed both legs all the way down to her still covered pussy. Then I kissed her pussy a few times tasting the moisture that was coming through her panties, and taking in the sweet smell that was coming from behind them. Her moans were increasing as reached up and slowly removed her thong. Now I knew that I was very lucky to be in this situation, but I had not realized till this moment that I had struck gold. Trisha's pussy was extremely sexy. Her pussy lips were full and wet. The best part was that she was completely shaved. Not a hair was to be found anywhere around or above her vagina. This turned me on to a different level.

I began to kiss and probe her vagina with my mouth, increasing the pace slightly as her moans grew louder. I inserted one and then two fingers into her soaking wet pussy. It was not a tight fit, but there was no way I was fitting three fingers in it. This made me wonder if my dick was going to be a problem. Not that I'm superman, but I am above average as far as dick size is concerned. 

After about ten minutes of eating her out she pulled my head up to hers, and then pushed me over on my back. She sat up on my thighs, and began to undo my pants, as she looked straight into my eyes. She pulled my pants off and then removed my boxers, immediately placing her hand on my extremely hard cock. She began to stroke my cock, but then lowered her head to it never breaking eye contact with me. At first she gave it a little kiss but then in what seemed like an instant, my entire cock was sucked into her mouth. Her lovely lips did wonders no other lips had ever done before. I couldn't help but moan a few times as she bobbed her head up and down my cock, each time taking most of it into her mouth. She paused twice to go down and lick my balls and then continued to suck my dick. After maybe four minutes of this intense sucking, I began to feel a quiver in my body and realized that I was about to cum. 
