 It was 7:30pm and I was standing on my next door neighbour's door step. We had only met a few hours earlier. What had been an innocent peek over the fence had turned into a confrontation followed by a steamy fuck. Clare was a 6'4" blonde amazon in her early forties, as I had discovered. She had an amazing body, nice full boobs and legs to die for. After our initial encounter Clare had invited me for dinner.

I knocked. I could hear someone walking to the front door. Having had a quick look around and not seeing another cars but hers I assumed Clare was still on her own. The front door opened.

Standing in front of me was Clare looking absolutely stunning in all her Amazonian glory. Her blond hair was out. She was wearing a sheer fitting floral summer dress that just covered her shapely ass. She was showing a very generous amount of cleavage and it was evident she was not wearing a bra. Her long tanned legs went all the way down to a pair of 3" heeled strappy sandals.

"Hi Alan," Clare said, "Please come in." I stepped through the door.

"Thanks for inviting me over", I replied.

Not being quite sure what to do I kissed her on the cheek. She moved closer to me and took my face in both her hands. I caught a waft of her perfume.

"I think we know each other a little better than just to have a peck on the cheek", she said looking into my eyes.

With that she planted her lips on mine and kissed me. I felt her tongue dance across my lips so I opened my mouth. She explored the inner edges of my lips with her tongue then lifted her head.

"Hmmmmm, very tasty. But later...," she said. "Now come through."

I followed her down a short hall way with 3 bedrooms off both sides, and a bathroom, into a large light filled living area with a lounge area and TV, to one side, a dining table and the kitchen. Glass sliding doors filled the end wall leading out to a large covered outdoor entertaining area with chairs, tables and a BBQ.

I had been in the place a few times over the years for a drink or a meal as it was a rental. Usually a family would rent it out for the summer break. Sometimes I would get to know them and would be invited over.

"Just here by yourself?" I asked, as I handed her a chilled bottle of white wine I had brought along.

"I've rented the place for the summer," Clare said. "I have invited some friends and family members to visit me, and stay, at various times over the next 6 weeks."

"Good idea," I said. "You have plenty of room for people to stay and entertain. It's a great place for the summer."

"Well you are my first visitor then. I'm expecting a group of girlfriends tomorrow. I like the first days or so to settle in, check out the locale and spend a bit of time on the beach. I usually go to a different place each summer," she explained.

I looked into the kitchen area to see some covered salad bowls, cutlery, plates and glasses along with a tray of steak.

"Can I help with anything?" I offered.

"Yes. Thanks. You'll find a bottle of champagne and some chilled glasses in the fridge. Can you do the honours?"

"Pleasure," I replied, heading to the fridge.

I popped the cork on the champagne bottle and poured two glasses. I handed one to Clare.

"A toast," I said.

"To summer holidays," said Clare.

"And chance encounters," I added with a smile.

We clinked glasses.

"Now, anything else?" I asked.

"Yes please. Grab that tray of steak and follow me out to the BBQ," said Clare, as she picked up the champagne bottle.

I picked up the tray and my glass and followed Clare outside to the BBQ taking the opportunity to admire the way her sheer dress clung to her shapely ass.

"Admiring the view?" Clare asked, as she noticed me staring at her ass.

"I take every opportunity. Particularly when it's such an impressive view," I replied grinning.

We placed everything down on the table.

"Allow me," I said, as I reached for the tray of steak and the tongs.

I placed the two steaks on the already lit BBQ. Adjusted the gas setting and closed the hood. I took a note of the time and then sat down in a chair on the same side of the table as Clare. Clare had already moved her chair out and turned it to face me. She was sitting with her legs crossed with her glass in her hand.

"And what about you Alan? What's a good looking guy doing by himself at a beach house here at the beginning of summer?" she asked.

"Fair question," I said, taking a sip of champagne and continuing to admire the view. I noticed that as she sat back her boobs didn't sag. They maintained their position sitting out from her chest and I could just make out a hint of nipple through the sheer dress material.

I explained that I had owned my beach house for a number of years. I had been able to buy it due to a very lucrative IT contract I had worked on in the Middle East. I enjoyed staying there when I had the chance and often let friends and family use the place. We then went on to chat about the various attractions around the area, the best times to go to the beach, good areas for a walk and local restaurants that were worth a visit. Keeping an eye on the time I turned the steaks while we talked.

Five minutes later I announced, "These steaks are just about ready Clare."

"Right then. I'll just get the rest of the things," she said as she headed back to the kitchen.

She returned with a tray holding the salads, plates, cutlery and condiments as I removed the steaks from the BBQ. We quickly arranged everything on the table. While I topped up the glasses Clare served the salad.

We sat back down to enjoy our meal and continued chatting. Clare was an insurance broker in the city. Sounded like she led a very corporate and busy life style. She had been married and was now divorced, no kids, and lived in an apartment just out of the city. She loved the outdoors, particularly the beach. Her idea of the perfect summer was to rent out a beach house for the break and use the opportunity to catch up with family and friends along with working on her tan. Now at the age of 44 she was finally happy with her life and her life choices.

By now we had moved on to a very enjoyable Shiraz varietal red wine. Clare certainly knew her wine. It was a perfect match for the steak. We finished the meal and continued to chat. I pulled my chair back and turned it to face her. It was a beautiful evening. Being the middle of summer it was still light and sunset wouldn't be for about another hour. The sky was clear, the air was still and the temperature was about 23C. I looked over as Clare as she moved her chair into a similar position to face me.

"Good choice of red," I said holding up my glass.

"Thank you," said Clare. "Life's too short to be drinking anything but good wine," she continued with a smile.

"Do you mind?" said Clare as she slipped off her sandals and lifted her feet up onto my leg.

"Sure," I replied. As I took the opportunity to admire her impressive smooth long legs. 

She flexed her toes.

"It's a nice little spot here," she said. "I think I've made a good choice for this summer."

"Just gotta keep an eye on those pesky neighbours," I said with a grin.

"I think I have sorted him out," she said with a laugh.

We continued to chat about things. Clare was curious to find out more about my IT career. I explained how I had started working as a computer programmer after graduating from university and had moved through a number of different areas in IT over the years. I had found my niche for the moment in business analysis, including change management, and could turn my hand to project management when required. 

"So that would make you about 40?" she asked.

"Forty two actually," I replied.

As we continued chatting I put my empty glass down and started giving Clare a foot massage. I could tell she was enjoying it as she would let out little noises of appreciation as I worked my thumbs gently into the sole of her foot.

"Here's the deal," said Clare, ending the conversation. "You massage my other foot and I will go and get another bottle."

"Fair enough," I replied and finished massaging her left foot and moved onto the right.

While I continued to massage I would occasionally run my hand up and down one of her legs. Her muscle tone was impressive and skin was silky smooth.

I finished the massage and kissed her on the top of each foot.

"Very nice," she said, almost purring. She opened her eyes. "Better get that bottle."

Clare was back in a minute and had filled both glasses. I was glad it was only a short stagger home. I was feeling very relaxed. Clare was no slouch though. She had been matching me glass for glass.

As she walked back I noticed that her shoulders were a bit pink from her time in the sun today.

"Looks like you have picked up a bit of sun," I said.

"Where?" she asked.

"On your shoulders," I replied.

"Damn, I should have re-applied my sun tan lotion. Got to be careful. Haven't spent much time in the sun lately. Back in a tic."

She walked back into the house and came back with a bottle of moisturizer.

"Can you just rub some of this in," said Clare, as she walked over to me.

She handed me the bottle and knelt down with her back to me in front of my chair. She then slipped her dress over the top of her head.

"Might as well do it all," she said seductively. "You don't mind?"

Clare was now kneeling in front of me naked. I couldn't tell if she was wearing briefs.

"Not at all," I said.

Clare moved back a little and lifted her hair away. I applied some moisturizer to my hands. Warmed it and gently started to work it into her shoulders and upper arms.

"Hmmmm, nice hands," she purred.

I reached around and applied moisturizer to her upper chest and then slowly worked my way down her large breasts. I flicked her nipples as I went over them.

"Hmmmm, I'm enjoying this. But you will need to reach the other parts," she said.

Clare then stood up and turned around. My curiosity was put to rest. She wasn't wearing briefs I confirmed as I looked straight at her bare pussy. She then put her hands on my shoulders and threaded her long legs over the top of mine and under the arm of the chair I was sitting in. She was now sitting naked in my lap with my face between her magnificent breasts. Her hands were now on my shoulders.

"Enjoying that view?" she asked with a cheeky grin.

"Delicious," I replied as I kissed each nipple.

"Well?" she asked.

"Oh!" I replied, momentarily forgetting the task at hand.

I immediately applied moisturizer to my hands and then proceeded to work my hands slowly down her back to her shapely ass. Then I moved to her breasts, again, and made sure moisturizer was evenly applied. I may have gone over the same spot more than once. I wasn't getting any objection from Clare.

I looked up to see her eyes closed and her head slightly back as I moved to her flat stomach.

"How's that going?" I asked.

"Just keep doing what you are doing," she purred.

I then moved my hands around to apply moisturizer to her delicious ass. I spent a little longer there than probably necessary but I could tell Clare was enjoying it as much as I was. By now she would have been able to feel the bulge in my pants pushing into her inner thigh.

"I like your touch," Clare said in a slightly dreamy voice.

"Just a bit more back there," she purred. "Hmmmm, that's it. Very nice."

I then worked my way down each leg as best I could considering the seating arrangement.

"Don't stop," Clare whispered in my ear.

I put more moisturizer on my hands and went back to her magnificent ass. As I continued to rub and kneed her buttocks I wrapped my lips around one of her already hard nipples.

"Yessssss," she said, like she was expelling air.

By now my cock was desperately trying to escape my shorts. However with the seating position I had nowhere to go. Clare was completely in charge. I felt her squirm into my lap.

"Hmmmmm, he's hard. Yummy," she whispered.

I then moved one hand from her ass to my lap and with a finger gently ran it up and down the lips of her pussy. I could feel she was starting to get wet.

"Slip one in," she purred.

I parted her pussy lips and slipped a finger inside her warm, wet pussy.

"I think I'm still wet from earlier," she giggled.

I slowly started to finger fuck her.

"Another," she said.

I slipped in a second finger and continued my rhythmic motion.

Hmmmm, nice. Another," she said.

I slipped in a third finger and with my thumb started gently rubbing her clit. I lifted my head back and looked up. She was matching the rhythm of my hand with her hips. Her head was back. As she felt me let go of her nipple she looked down at me with a big smile. She then opened her mouth, licked her lips and moved her mouth to mine. With an urgency she probed my mouth with her tongue. She moved one hand behind my head and pushed me to her mouth harder.

I felt a little shudder run through her body. Then another, then another. She lifted her head up. Her eyes were screwed closed.

"Cummmmming!" she exhaled.

Clare went limp in my lap as she shuddered from head to toe. I stopped moving and left my fingers deep inside her. I waited for her to recover.

I looked down to see her flexing her toes.

"That went all the way to my toes," she said, as she reached down and lifted my sopping hand up to her mouth.

She licked my first two fingers one at a time, slowly and seductively, and then offered the third to me.

"Taste me," she said.

I licked the third finger clean. She tasted sweet and musky.

I looked up again.

"Kiss me," I said.

Our lips met and our tongues explored for a few minutes.

Clare then wriggled her hips again.

"We better let him out. He feels very cramped down there," she said.

"Cramped is an understatement," I replied.

With some help from me Clare removed her legs from under the arms of the chair so she could stand up. She looked at my crotch. The fabric of my pants had a big wet stain on it.

"I knew I was wet," she said. "But not that wet."

"It's all you," I replied, as I stood up.

"Let me help you off with those," she said and squatted down in front of me.

I slipped off my boat shoes as she commenced to slide my shorts down. I quickly pulled off my polo top. Clare was now at eye level with a very large bulge in my jockey shorts. She reached out and ran a finger along my restrained cock and then put her finger in the corner of her mouth.

"I like unwrapping these," she said with a lustful look in her eyes.

She grabbed either side of my jocks and started to slide them down. My cock sprang free and I breathed a sigh of relief.

My cock, now free, continued to grow to its full 9 inches and expanded to full thickness. Clare licked her lips as her eyes feasted on the sight in front of her.

"It looks bigger!" she exclaimed as she leant forward and licked the tip.

I reached down and wrapped my hand around the base of my cock and rubbed it.

"I'm not sure about that," I replied. "But I'm sure glad to be out of those pants."

"Hit me on the face with it," she purred.

As her face moved closer I gently hit her on the cheeks and mouth with my cock. She stuck out her tongue as I continued.

"Harder please," she said.

I slapped her face with my cock as she moved her face around finally to a position where I was slapping her tongue.

"That is a big piece of meat Alan," she finally said, moving back.

She reached up to replace my hand with hers and stroke me. With her other hand she cupped my balls.

"I'm going to give you the best blow job you have ever had," Clare announced. "Just sit down."

I sat down and Clare finished removing my jocks. I was able to spread my legs so Clare could kneel between them. She grabbed the bottle of moisturizer and squeezed a liberal amount on to the head of my cock and let it run down the sides. After putting the bottle down she commenced to stroke my cock with both hands.

"So big, so hard," she cooed as she continued to stroke me, not breaking eye contact with my cock.

The sensation was fantastic. I looked down to see this blond amazon jacking me off. Her firm boobs were wobbling in time with her strokes. She appeared to be in some sort of zone with her eyes fixated on my cock.

"I wonder?" I heard her murmur as she removed one hand and with the other held me firmly around the base of my cock.

Clare then lent forward and I watched as she slowly ran the tip of her tongue over the swollen head of my rock hard cock. Then, without warning the head of my cock disappeared into her mouth.

I lay back into the chair and closed my eyes to enjoy the beautiful warm sensation of Clare's mouth wrapped around the head of my cock. Then something happened I wasn't expecting. I could feel her mouth slowly sliding down my cock. I opened my eyes to see my cock disappearing into her mouth. My eyes widened at the sensation of my cock head now starting to slide down her throat. I moved my hands and placed them at the back of her head.

She pulled back and looked up at me as she took a deep breath.

"How was that?" she asked.

"Incredible," I responded. "Feel free to keep doing that."

"I think I can manage all of him," she said.

Before I could respond my cock was disappearing into Clare's mouth again. This time further. It might have had about one more inch to go before she pulled back and looked up at me again breathing deeply.

"You are big. But I'm going to take all of you," Clare said with a grin, as she took a sip from her wine glass.

"Careful," I suggested.

Clare didn't stop to respond. My cock, once more, disappeared into her mouth and down her throat. She reached as far as she had before and then just pushed her head down on me and held the position for a good 20 seconds before pulling back. She coughed twice.

"That's the furthest of have ever got with such a big cock," she said smiling at me, as she reached for her drink.

"Impressive," I said.

"And now for the finale," she announced.

With that Clare wrapped her lips around my cock and started a slow up and down rhythm. I placed both my hands lightly at the back of her head and closed my eyes again.

Clare proceeded to work my cock in her mouth gradually picking up speed.

It didn't take much more. I could feel that familiar tingling in my balls.

"I'm close," I whispered.

Clare picked up the pace further and then I exploded in her mouth.

"FUCK!" I cried, as I started to see stars.

As fast as the cum spewed from my cock, Clare gulped it down. I looked down to see a little had escaped and was dribbling down her chin. She stopped moving and waited for my cock to stop jerking. She then slid her mouth off my cock and lifted her head back.

"Hmmm, I do like the taste of your cum," she said, using her finger to wipe up my cum off her chin.

She licked her finger clean and studied my face.

"You have had a good orgasm," she said, matter of factly.

"Damn right," I said, using all my mental powers to string those two words together.

"But it looks as though he's not finished," she said looking down at my cock.

Clare was holding the base of my semi rigid cock in her hand. She leant forward and licked a drop of cum rolling down the side of my cock. The touch of her hand and then her tongue had caused my cock to harden again.

"I'm taking you to bed," Clare stated in a commanding tone. "I've got to get this cock inside me again."

With her hand still wrapped around my cock I got up out of the chair and grabbed my glass of wine. Clare, with her glass of wine in her other hand, led me by my cock to the main bedroom.

"Let me take that from you," she said, as she took my glass and placed it with hers on the bedside table. "Now for some of this cock."

"Not quite yet," I countered. "There's something I need to do first."
