 The moving truck pulled up around 11am with our furniture just a few hours late of the scheduled arrival time. It was a warm, sunny day and I was standing in the driveway supervising the movers while they unloaded the truck and directing which room to place the items they were removing from the truck. My wife was inside making sure the items ended up where they were supposed to be.

I was standing in the driveway, with my 6'2," 190 lbs frame, wearing sunglasses, shorts and a snug fitting t-shirt that showed off my chest muscles very nicely. I am in to being physically fit and I love to show off my chest and 6 pack abs whenever possible. I noticed some people from across the street walk up to introduce themselves to welcome us to the neighborhood.

Sam and Christy live in the house across the street. They have 2 girls about my daughter's age. Sam is a businessman that travels frequently and Christy works part time in an office downtown. The first thing I noticed about Christy was that she was an absolute knock out. She is about 5'11," very thin, and small breasts. She has beautiful blue eyes and short blonde hair. She has very long slender legs and the smallest ass I have ever seen on a woman in my life. Even though I am happily married, I could not help thinking she was an attractive woman. She really took my breath away at that first meeting

I called my wife, Kelly, out of the house to come meet the neighbors. Kelly and I have been married for 10 years. She is 5' tall and also very slender, with long beautiful brown hair and green eyes. She walked up to where we were standing and we all talked and seemed to get along. They invited us to dinner at their house for that evening and we accepted the invitation having made no other plans.

After the movers left, we were glad that we had the dinner invitation since the only other choice was ordering a pizza because everything was still in boxes. We located the closest liquor store and purchased a bottle of wine so we didn't show up empty handed. We went across the street and were greeted warmly and invited in. Their two kids really hit it off with my daughter just as I thought they would at that age. We talked a lot over dinner about our jobs, activities and other things and found that we seemed to be very compatible. 

Over the course of 8 months, Sam and I became friends just as Christy and my wife Kelly became friends. Sam would come over drink beer, watch football games and play cards over at my house, while my wife, Christy and the kids were at Sam's house chatting, playing games and talking about girl things. Sam traveled a lot and was gone 2 weeks out of a month and when he was home, it seemed he spent more time at my house than he did at home. 

Christy was in to gardening and I would constantly see her working in her yard with very short shorts on, a tank top and a large hat. The woman was stunning even from across the street and when I would see her out in the yard working, I would catch myself staring at her. I had often fantasized about what it would be like to be with her sexually, but I was happily married and had a healthy relationship with my wife that was very sexually satisfying, so I never really had the need to look elsewhere.

One night, Sam was over for a round of cards and between the two of us, we were on a roll and cleaned up. We were the only ones left at the table and we were still drinking heavily. I observed it was getting late and told him that it was the last hand of cards because I wanted to have sex with my wife and that I had to be upstairs before she went to sleep. That statement struck a chord with Sam.

"Bulshit! Is it already the third Saturday of the month?" he jested.

"Fuck you! I don't know about you, but I fuck my wife twice a week on a bad week," I said very seriously

"Must be nice. It used to be that way when we were first married," he said. "I have had sex about 5 times in the last 6 months. She is mad at me for being on the road all the time and when she does want sex, she wants bubble baths and girly thing I just don't want to be a part of"

"Damn, I didn't know. That sucks. What is going on?," I asked

"Well, she doesn't want me gone all the time, and she has been very cold to me for the last six months. All of a sudden, she wants more from me," he said.

After that, the game ended and Sam got up and the guys started to file out complaining about how Sam and I took all their money. I felt sorry for Sam, but at the same time, I understood his wife's concerns because he was gone a lot and they had two young girls that she had to take care of by herself while he is away. I also realized what a shame it was that a beautiful woman like that was not getting fucked regularly.

The following week, Sam was gone on one of his business trips. He was scheduled to leave on Monday and return late Friday evening. Thursday night, Christy hosted a bunko party so the ladies were all over there drinking wine and doing whatever they do over there. I was home alone having a few drinks myself and watching the end of a baseball game on TV. My wife, Kelly came home very drunk. I knew the ladies were drinking heavily over there, but Kelly did not usually come home barely being able to walk upright. I helped her upstairs and in to bed, where she passed out almost immediately. I knew I was not getting sex tonight, so I went downstairs, looked out the window and could see the TV glowing through the window in Christy's house. Their house was directly across from ours and since we had glass around our front door, I could easily see their house across the street. I returned to the family room to watch the end of the game. After 30 minutes, the phone rang. I noticed from the caller id that it was Sam & Christy's phone number.

"Hello," I answered

"Hey, It's Christy. There is a snake in my family room. I need your help," she exclaimed hysterically.

"I'll be right over," I said then clicked the end button and dropped the phone on the sofa.

Not knowing what to expect, I put on my sandals, grabbed the shovel, ready for battle, and then ran across the street where she was already standing on her front porch. She had on a pink nightgown that hung down about knee level. She was looking very sexy and it showed off her legs nicely, but I was on a mission and ran right by her. She let me in and I proceeded to the family room, where I had been a few times before when they entertained us. Apparently, she was sitting on the sofa when a she saw something slither under the wingback chair across from her. She described it as being about a foot long and green. I was no longer worried I was going to find a python, so I lifted the chair and there was a little garter snake that seemed to be as scared of me as Christy was of it. I grabbed it, walked to the back door, and threw it out without incident. 

When the door shut, she hugged me tightly and began thanking me over and over. Since she is considerably taller than my wife, the sensation of her breasts pushing against my chest muscles was new and arousing. Generally, when I hug my wife from a standing position, her breasts hit well under my massive pectoral muscles.

I could smell the wine on her breath, so I knew she was drinking with the other ladies, but she seemed calm and in control of herself. She offered me a beer as payment for disposing of the unwanted visitor. I accepted and we started to walk back to the scene of the crime to sit down. She told me to make myself comfortable and that she would be right back. I started to sit down on the chair where the snake had been earlier, facing the sofa, when she entered the room wearing a very sexy purple robe that appeared to be made of silk. I was disappointed to see that she had covered up, but not completely surprised.. As I followed her with my eyes across the room and she went to sit down on the sofa, it seems that at the same time we both noticed the glass of wine and the vibrator on the end table next to the sofa. She immediately looked over at me to see if I had noticed, and by the red on her face, she knew I had. She picked it up, laughed and put it in the pocket of her robe.

"I am so embarrassed," she said in an embarrassing tone.

"Hey, not a problem. It will be our secret. Please don't be embarrassed," I said.

"Easy for you to say. Besides it is not like Kelly needs a vibrator with you around, is it?" she said.

I was puzzled where she was going with this, but had to ask, "What do you mean?"

"You're home all the time, hung like a fucking horse, and at least you two still have a sex life. She's told me some stories about you two and it sounds like something out of a romance novel," she stated as she picked up her glass of wine and took a sip. 

I was totally shocked that Kelly had been bragging about our sex life to her friends. I started to blush. I always considered myself well endowed, but hearing it summed up like that did wonders for my ego. My cock is 8.5" long and about 2 inches wide. I have always had compliments from girlfriends and one-night-stands on my size and performance, but it was thrilling to hear my wife of 10 years still bragging about me after all this time.

"Sam is hung like a fucking field mouse, so even when we do have sex, it is not like it does anything for me. That is why I have this," she said as she patted the pocket of her robe where the vibrator was now hidden using her right hand. "He does not know how to please a woman, he just wants to jump on top of me, shove his pencil in me for 2 minutes then roll over and go to sleep. I need romance, or some kind of spark to get me going," she continued as she set the wine glass back down.

That explained a lot. I had to laugh inside about the size of Sam's cock. I don't go around sizing up other men, so this was definitely new information. Now I knew why she didn't want to have sex with him, and why they fought a lot. She seemed to be sexually frustrated. I took a swig of my beer, then another, and then said "Well, if it helps any, I won't be getting any tonight either. Kelly came home then passed out drunk in bed ," I said in an attempt to lighten the mood and even the playing field so to speak.

"That does not necessarily have to be the case," she said in a seductive tone. 

I was shocked to hear her say that. My cock immediately began to spring to life on those words. I kept thinking to myself that it was a bad idea, but at the same time, I could not help but notice those beautiful long legs coming out of the bottom of her robe and wanting to follow those legs from her feet up to the top to see where they end. I could hear the voice inside me saying "No," but my eyes were taking in some beautiful scenery, that only my cock was responding to. Regardless of the voice inside, I could feel my crotch getting warm as the blood began to flow directly to my cock. Phase 1 had started, my cock was going to lift-off and there was nothing I could do to stop it.

"What do you mean?," I said trying to act dumb while trying to cover myself

"Well, I think your cock knows what I mean," as she observed the bulge in my pants despite my best efforts to hide it. "And I think you do too," she said in a matter of fact tone, as she stood up, undid her robe, then cast it aside on the sofa while started towards me. 

She was back in the pink nightgown she had on earlier and looking finer than ever. Only now, I surmised that since she was probably using her vibrator when the unwelcome visitor was spotted, and that since she was in such a frantic state of mind when she called and that she somehow left her vibrator on the table that she must not be wearing panties either. I was getting more aroused thinking of her sitting across from me without panties. I looked at her crotch to confirm my suspicions, but was unable to do so because the nightgown concealed what was under it very well.

She walked over to the chair I was sitting in, rubbed both hands on my chest muscles and planted an open mouth kiss on me. I responded with an open mouth kiss of my own, and immediately stood up to embrace her while our tongues danced. She was breathing very heavily and my cock was pressing firmly up against her as we continued exploring each other's mouths with our tongues. I was holding her tight and my hands rubbed up and down her back. She was grabbing me behind my neck and breathing heavily.

She reached down and grabbed my rock hard cock and began to slowly rub it through my shorts. I responded by starting to kiss her neck, and slipping a hand up under her nightgown to grip that perfect ass of hers. Finally after all this time, the ass I had observed from afar was captive in my strong hands. It was very small, but very firm and was less than a handful for my hands, so my fingers kind of drifted down her ass and could feel the warmth radiating from her crotch. It has to be the smallest ass I have ever felt on a woman. My suspicions about her not having panties on were confirmed. I continued to squeeze her perfect bare ass. Suddenly she stopped, backed up half a step and began working on taking my pants off. Like a woman in heat, she fumbled with my pants and could not get them down fast enough. She dropped to her knees to take my pants down and was now at eye level with my rock hard cock.

She did not waste time taking my boxers off either. My massive 8.5-inch cock was now sticking right in her face. She grabbed it with her left hand at the base.

"Wow, it is big and thick," she exclaimed

Before I could answer, she was starting to take it in her mouth and was expertly licking my cock around the head then going down the length of the shaft. She could not take it all the way in her mouth. It seemed she was not used to sucking cocks that went that far in her mouth. She continued to suck, and began stroking my cock. I stood there looking down at her while she went to work on my cock as eager as a high school girl for the first time.

After a few minutes of her sucking and stroking my cock, I bent down, picked her up in a bear hug, walked her over to the couch, and plopped her down in the seat she was previously sitting in. I immediately dropped to my knees and lifted her nightgown to reveal a well-groomed pussy. She had a bikini cut with a nice clump of blonde hair outlining her pussy lips. As I lifted her nightgown, I also noticed a scar from where she had given birth c-section, so I knew that no babies were born vaginally through this canal. I was assuming that from the size of her ass, the description of her husband and that scar on her abdomen, that this pussy had not be stretched out yet and was going to be a tight fit.

I moved my mouth closer to her pussy and was taking in her scent. She was very aroused. I could see her lips were puffy and her clit was clearly visible at the top of her slit. I dove right in and began to lick and suck on her clit. She had a very nice taste to her that was both pungent and sweet at the same time. I made my way down her slit with my tongue, finding the hole oozing with her juices. I began lapping it up and probing her hole with my tongue.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" she exclaimed. 

By the feel of her and the way she was moving, I could tell that she already had an orgasm just from me licking her pussy for the few minutes I was there. She was enjoying every second of it and she started moving her hips, sort of humping my face. She grabbed the back of my head with one hand as if to tell me to keep going. She pulled me in tighter and spread her legs farther so that I could get my tongue deeper in to her hole. Sensing she needed more, I started rubbing her pussy with my middle finger, getting it good and wet. I stroked her clit and up and down the length of her slit. I could feel her starting to cum again.

"Yes. Right there. I'm coming," she said. Her breathing intensified and she was really gasping for air now and very excited.

While she was shaking from the orgasm in progress, I took my finger, circled it around her opening. I could feel the opening to her hole clamping and releasing from the intense orgasm she was having at the moment. I inserted my middle finger in to her hole and buried it as far in as I could go with a single stroke. This sent a second wave through her body and seemed to only intensify the orgasm she was already having. She began quivering and breathing more rapidly than before. The walls of her pussy were very snug and tight around my finger and I could feel the rhythmic grip and release action her pussy was doing on my finger while her orgasm seemed to continue to grow.

"Oooooohhhhhh Yes! Oh yes! God that is so good!," she exclaimed as she fought to catch her breath. 

I kept my finger there for a moment, buried as far in her as it would go and I could feel her pushing down on my finger like she wanted it deeper inside of her. This would have to do for now, since I wanted to eat her pussy some more before proceeding to fuck her. I also knew that I was going to have to work my fingers on her a bit to open her up because she was so tight. I knew if I tried to fuck her now that my massive cock might hurt her.

I started to work my finger in and out of her slowly at first, then increasing the velocity. She continued to shake and quiver and have one massive orgasm while I did this. I could feel her juices pouring out of her hot wet hole and on to my other fingers. Each time I slid my finger in her, I was sure to bury it as far as it would go inside her and bottom out my hand against her bony pubic mound. I decided to start licking her clit again and this drove her absolutely insane. She was moving wildly at this point. I had to use my free hand to hold on to her leg because she was hitting the side of my head with it and I needed to try to pin her down better so that I could work on her.

"Oh, yes! That is so good! So fucking good. Yes! Oooohhh," she moaned

She was saying things at this point that I could not even understand. It sounded like she was trying to speak, but the words were mixed in with sounds of pleasure and moans that when it all came out together it made no sense at all.

"Yeooooh! Faaaaaak! Mmmmmm. Right ooooooohhhhh," she babbled on as if on a trance.

It only made me want to please her more. As I inserted my finger, I started moving it in a circle inside her to try to loosen up the death grip her pussy had on my finger. I knew I had to do something to try to loosen her up so that I could fuck her without hurting her. I kept rubbing my finger in circles, each time growing larger inside her in an attempt to stretch the tight walls of her pussy apart. As if she were not in enough of a trance already, this really set her off. It seemed she could not get comfortable on the sofa, so instinctively, I pulled my finger out of her, leaned forward, put my arms around her, picked her up and carried her to the master bedroom, which was on the same floor, just two rooms away in the front of the house. She was holding on to me for dear life and trying to catch her breath while I arranged for the room change and a more comfortable setting to complete the job.

I dropped her on the bed and she leaned up and gave me a very passionate kiss once again, as if to silently give me her approval of the performance so far. Our tongues danced for about 10 seconds, then I pushed her back down on her bed so that I could assume my position between her legs and begin to work on her pussy some more. I tongued her clit, then her opening, and then inserted my finger in her. The time it took to carry her from the family room to the bedroom gave her just enough of a break to calm back down a bit, so she was no longer making any incoherent noises and her breathing started to subside to normal levels

I seized the opportunity to try to insert two fingers in her. I removed my middle finger from her and decided that the first and second fingers would be a good choice to use. I immediately began rubbing them up and down her slit to lubricate them. I played with her clit some more and was sure to stroke her gently from the top of her cunt to the bottom, where there was plenty of lubrication to be found. Just when I thought I had enough lubrication on my fingers, I began the task of inserting both of my fingers in to her. I got them both in up to the first knuckle and I could feel her vaginal walls reluctantly expanding to accommodate the larger size object being inserted in her.
