 Sunday morning was my day to really sleep in late. I worked real late the night before and then I stayed up almost all night playing on the Internet. I was awakened by load noises in the apartment above me. I knew the unit had been vacant for a few weeks and that someone must be moving in. I really hated that they were so noisy. I finally decided to get out of bed, get cleaned up for the day and pick up my apartment. After a little bit I decided I would go check my mail and be the nosey neighbor and see what the new people were like. 

I left my apartment and saw a large moving truck leaving and an attractive woman waving good bye to them. This woman was about 5'7", 120#, shoulder length jet-black wavy hair. I was checking out her ass and tits and admiring how pretty she was. I looked up and she was already looking at me and I felt a little embarrassed that she caught me leering. I said hello and kinda stumbled a bit. She chuckled and said hello to me. I reached out to shake her hand and introduced myself to her. She said her name was Kelly at that she was not looking forward to unpacking. I agreed that it was a very undesirable job and that I was never going to move again because of it. I told her that I hated it more since I was single and no one ever wanted to help. She said that she was not looking forward to the unpacking for the same reason. 

I told Kelly that I was free the entire day and asked if I could help her out. Kelly said that she did not want to intrude on my time and that she would be ok by herself. I assured her that I would not be put out and would love to help out. She agreed and we went to her apartment. The day went by quickly as we emptied box after box and moved furniture to where she thought it looked best. Honestly I was having a great time. We laughed and clowned around all morning and into the afternoon. We both decided that we were tired and needed a break. Kelly suggested that she would order a pizza for us and if I wanted, go to the store and get some beer. I agreed and left for the store. Not long after I got back the pizza arrived and we sat down to eat.

We drank so many beers that we were really drunk. All of a sudden Kelly asked if I would excuse her while she took a quick shower and left for her bedroom. Kelly stumbled towards her room giggling the entire time. I heard the shower start and noticed that the door was wide open to the bathroom. I began to wish really hard about being able to see her naked body and even fantasized about getting into the shower with her. The more I thought about it the more I wanted to fuck her. I was pulled from the beer induced and fantasy haze as Kelly called out my name. I walked to the door and asked if she was ok. She said she needed so help. She said she wanted me to wash her back for her. I was shocked. Did she have something in mind besides the backwash? I sure hoped so.

She peeked from behind the shower curtain and told me to hurry up because she might change her mind if I was not fast enough. I opened the curtain enough to see the lovely woman who was standing their bare ass naked. She had her back to me using her arms to cover her breasts as if I could see through her. She handed me a wash cloth that was soaped up and I began to scrub her back. I made large circular motions on her back and casually glanced the sides of her breasts with the cloth. I spent a lot of time making sure her ass was completely clean. 

I asked Kelly if she needed help with her front also. I would be more than glad to help make sure that she was clean. She said no thanks and that she was done. She took the cloth and rinsed off. I returned to the living room with the hardest erection of my life. My cock was really straining against the material of my shorts. I was sticking straight out and was trying to find a way to hide my stiff prick as Kelly came out of the bathroom still naked. Kelly walked to me and leaned over and gave me deep passionate kiss. I felt her tongue invade my mouth as she gently sat into my lap. She sat right down on my cock and I know I was about to break out of my shorts.

Kelly began to slowly slide back and forth against my dick. I was sensitive that I know I was sliding against her clit. One of my hands went straight to her ass, grabbing it to pull her closer to me. My other reached for one of her tits and began rubbing and pinching one of her nipples. Her hands were on either side of my head as if to keep me from pulling away. I moved both hands so I could play with the lovely breasts in front of me. Suddenly Kelly rose off me.

Kelly knelt down in front of me and hooked her fingers into the waistband of my shorts and in one quick motion pulled them from my body. Kelly ran her hands back up my thighs until she reached my balls where she began to fondle me slow and smooth. Taking my cock in one hand she stroked me up and down with long slow strokes. I watched as she lowered her head down licking her lips as she went. Kelly opened her mouth and took only the head of my cock into her mouth. I could feel her tongue swirling around my dick and stopping briefly to tongue the hole at the tip. The vibrations of her soft moans sent waves of pleasure through my body. After a few moments of this delicious torture she lowered her head more and more, forcing all of me into her mouth. I could feel myself entering her throat. What a glorious feeling, she had all of me inside her now. She pulled me out ever so slowly and sucking so hard that I thought my head would come off. She moved faster with each stroke and I could hardly believe she was fucking me with her mouth. I could not take anymore as I felt my orgasm build inside my balls. Suddenly I felt my cum erupt and shoot stream after stream into her mouth. Kelly sucked every drop from me. Only did a little escape her lips. 

Kelly stood took my hand and led me to her bedroom. She laid back onto the large king size bed. Her body was so gorgeous. I knelt down in front of her and spread her legs wide apart and raised her legs into the air. Her pussy was so wet and swollen. She needed to be pleased in the worst way. I dipped my head to lick the inside of one of her thighs and made my way to within inches of her moist cunt. I did the same to her other thigh but without stopping. She jerked a bit as I ran my tongue over her entire labia and then to her swollen clit. She tasted great. The musk of her wetness overtook me and I delved completely into her. Running my tongue over every inch of her pussy, savoring every moment that I was spending there. She obviously was enjoying it also has she was moaning load and writhing in ecstasy. Her hand grabbed the back of my head as she began to climax sending waves of her cum towards my mouth. Finally she relaxed her grip on my head as I gingerly kissed the opening of her pussy.

I raised up above her and rested her legs over my shoulders as I lowered myself onto her. She used one of her hands to grab a hold of my cock and guided me into her still wet pussy. She put the head of my dick just into her opening and oh was she hot. I slide all the way into her with no resistance. As I reached the full length I felt shudders running up my back. Barely able to keep my composure and not shoot my next load this soon I laid still until the feeling past. Soon I was able to start moving in and out of her slow and long matching her thrusts with my own. We moved faster and faster. The sound of Kelly reaching her peak for the second time was incredible. I was in a pace now, driving into her hard and fast as she began to scream. Her cum swirled around my cock. I could feel the wetness escaping her and coat my balls. Damn it was so sexy.

I stopped for a minute to allow Kelly to catch her breath and relished the feeling her pussy as she flexed around my dick. After a few minutes, Kelly rolled over and got onto hands and knees. She turned her head around to look at me and said she wanted more. She wanted me to fuck her hard from behind. I moved closer behind her hold my own wet cock and entered her hard. I showed no mercy as I rammed into her hard and fast, giving everything I had in one quick thrust. Kelly threw her head back as her mouth flew open and a load; deep groan came from deep within her. I kept up the pace and watched as my cock slid in and out of her opening. I took my index finger and lubed it with her own moisture and traced it from her pussy to her small ass hole and very carefully pushed it in. Kelly immediately tensed and lowered her head onto the bed. She reached around with both hands and spread her ass cheeks wide. Since she did not protest, I slowly forced my finger deep into her. I could feel my dick and finger moving against each other.

I fucked Kelly with my finger and extremely hard cock as fast as I could as she was yelling at me to keep fucking her like that. I did not think I was going to be able to control my own orgasm any longer. I could feel it starting from deep inside my balls and through my entire body. Suddenly Kelly screamed she was cumming and I could not control it any longer and shot my sperm deep into her. My cock kept jerking with each shot I unloaded. Once we calmed down, I pulled out of her pussy and watched a thick stream of my own cum escape.

We remained together for the rest of the evening. Fucking twice more before I finally head back to my place. Kelly and I have been seeing each other and spending as much time as possible together. One night Kelly told me she had a little fantasy that she wanted to share and I will tell you more next time.