 After this "show", I found myself sitting in my chair, with a hardon that refused to go down. The image of that ass was seared onto my retina. I tried looking at my computer screen, but still saw ass. I started rubbing myself through my slacks, imagining I was fucking Kate from behind. Imagining the feel of my dick sliding into her for the first time... rubbing harder...

I was losing control.

I stood up, and literally banged my head with my hand. I took deep breaths. I thought about real estate. Slowly, my erection started to subside. I remembered all the work I had to do. Fuck! It was so hard to concentrate.

One thing was becoming clear: I could not work like this. There was only one thing to do. If Kate insisted on acting this way...

I was going to have to fire her.

The rest of the day passed quietly, and I came home to my family. But I could not get the Kate-situation out of my mind. The more I thought about it that night, the angrier I became. " How DARE she? It's all a game to her, but it's MY CAREER! She has no idea what kind of stress I'm under. She thinks it's so funny....

I should just go ahead and fuck her. Ha! That's the last thing she expects. Just pound it into her. Wipe that teasing smile off her face. Fuck!"

My wife fell asleep early (as usual), and I stayed up stewing. And jerking off.

----

The next morning, I came to work full of energy and purpose. I was going to finish preparing a kick-ass presentation, and I was going to lay down the law to Kate. So first thing, I called her into my office.

The moment she walked through the door, those plans were forgotten. I knew that I would be getting no work done. She was wearing the tightest, the shortest, the SLUTTIEST skirt I had ever seen in an office. It came-- perhaps-- to mid thigh, and it was stretched around her ass cheeks like an ace bandage. The simple act of walking made it ride up her thighs, until they were just barely concealing her panties. (Was she wearing panties??) And of course all of that luxurious leg flesh was propped up unsteadily on a slutty pair of high heels. Had anyone else seen her? If so, there would be a LOT of talk. At least her blazer was conservative.

I asked her to sit down, and indicated a chair opposite my desk. I wasn't sure how to begin, so I started with work stuff-- all the data and equipment that I needed for the presentation, info I would need on the division heads who were going to be there, etc. She took careful notes and asked sharp questions.

When I was done with my requests, I paused, as I tried to think of the best way to broach the other topic. I looked her in the eye, and started to speak several times, without actually speaking. As I became more ill at ease, a broad smile appeared on Kate's face. Finally, she said,

"Wait a second, sir. Sorry, do you mind? It's just that the old boss liked to keep it so hot in here, and no one has changed the thermostat yet..."

Then she unbuttoned her blazer... revealing... FUCK ... the tightest, the lowest cut, the SLUTTIEST *top* I have ever seen in an office, or perhaps in any public place. Listen to me, reader. Her tits looked so... fucking... good. They were big, I mean really big, plump, golden... smashed together, and straining so hard to be loose. They were... just... UNHHH!

I was blushing again. This was not the plan.

"Listen Kate.."

She put the blazer on her chair, and stood in front of my desk.

"Oooh, wait. I just wanted to tell YOU something. Sir."

Then she giggled. "Sorry, I just love that sir thing. Anyway.. "

She dropped her voice, and leaned over the desk. Her tits were RIGHT THERE. On display. On display for ME. And yes, I stared.

"Look," she said in a cool, low, sexy voice, "you know Steve and I.... well last night we played a game..."

I got a panicky feeling. Where was she going with this?

"We played boss and secretary."

I winced at her. This seemed to make her more bold.

"Oh my God, Johnny. It was so fucking hot. We have a desk at home... Kind of like this one... And he sat behind it... like you are. And we pretended that he couldn't fuck me...."

Pause. Hearing her say the word "fuck" sent a jolt through me. Blood pounding again in my head and cock. 

"Because it would be *unprofessional*."

She was breathing fast too, making those tits swell and fall. Swell and fall. Sweet Jesus.

"... And because he was *married*."

Unhh. Unnnhh. I wanted to fuck her so badly, I felt like I was in physical pain.

"But, then I started teasing him... did you know I can be a tease?"

She slowly started to walk around to my side of the desk.

"I told him how I wanted his cock in my mouth."

God. Hearing those filthy words come out of her mouth. She was coming toward me, looking me straight in the eye. I pushed my chair back, to get away, but was stopped by the wall. She had me cornered.

"How I wanted to... suck all the cum out of his cock. Oh god, I'm terrible for telling you this, aren't I? "

Her gaze dropped to my crotch. My hard-on was obscene. She walked up to my chair, and stood straddling my lap, without touching anything. Her tits were INCHES from my face. JESUS!

"How badly I wanted to FUCK my BOSS."

I started rubbing my cock through my slacks. She hadn't touched me, but I was seriously close to cumming.

"I was like 'FUCK ME SIR', 'FUCK ME', 'OHMYGOD I need your cock so fucking bad'...."

She threw back her head and did a little comic mock moan, and trailed her finger across her breast. She gyrated her hips up and down, still without touching me. I was holding my breath. My cock straining, twitching. Desperate to grind into her cunt. Time seemed to stop. Tits filling my field of vision, Kate's slutty moans filling my ears. I don't know how this lasted, until she said...

"... And after a while... he just couldn't take it. He ripped my skirt off, and just started fucking me right there on his desk..."

I slowly allowed my head to lean forward, into her tits. I had stopped thinking. I was just experiencing. My lips puckered, poised to taste that succulent flesh... 

But at the last possible instant, she stepped back.

"Isn't that funny? I just thought it was funny. You know, because you're really my boss, and you really do have this desk, and you're really married, and everything."

Then she picked up her coat and walked out of the room.

-----

She left me in a terrible state. I rubbed myself to within inches of cumming, but there was no way I could let myself actually cum in my office. Gradually, it came back to me what I had meant to say to her. I looked at the tent-pole in my slacks, and the anger I felt the night before washed over me again. I stifled the urge to scream.

Slowly my breathing returned to normal. Slowly (very slowly) my erection started to subside. My balls continued to ache, but my mind became cold and clear. And that is when I had a revelation.

Before continuing, I should clarify a few things about myself. You have probably gotten the impression that I am a very nice guy. And I do come across that way to most people. I am almost always cheerful, polite, considerate, etc. But I HAVE advanced to a very high position in a very short period of time. And I did not do it by being nice.

I have the ability to size up any obstacle that I face, and coldly consider what has to be done to remove it. And then I do it. It does not matter who I step on. Whatever it takes, I will do it. And I knew what I had to do now. 

I had to show that bitch who was boss. ---

I decided to get myself under control before acting. I still had that fucking presentation to prepare for, and I channeled my rage into that. Kate had elected to pretend like nothing happened. I wasn't surprised. I reasoned that it was all part of her little game. All part of being a slutty, cock-teasing little bitch. She had her blazer back on, and she gave me the reports I had asked for. In fact, they were fantastic reports. Of course they were.

Finally, at the end of the day, when the presentation was in pretty good shape, I called Kate into my office.

She stood before my desk, and said "Yes,sir?"

"Kate, we need to talk."

"Were my reports ok?"

"Your reports were fine Kate, you know that."

"Well then... what else happened today? I mean, nothing else right?"

Here her voice dropped, and became breathier. She was slipping into teasing mode.

" I'm trying to remember. I mean, I remember I came into your office, and we talked about the reports... and then what happened... I'm trying to remember.... Oh, I guess I took off my blazer, and I..."

"Shut the fuck up Kate. I'm talking."

This took her by surprise. I suppose it sounded very out of character. But she kept up the tease.

"Oh, I'm so sorry, sir. But I'm just trying my best to remember. I guess I walked around your desk, and..."

I interrupted her again, standing up to my full height, and saying, in a voice which was powerful but level: "I SAID shut the FUCK up... BITCH."

Now her teasing voice was gone. Her new voice was a little bit wobbly.

"Hey... what's wrong with you... you know I was just having some fun... I mean it's not like..."

"KATE," I stopped her. "SHUT... THE... FUCK... UP."

My blood was boiling now, but I steeled my anger. My eyes narrowed, and my voice took on an undercurrent of menace.

"For the remainder of this meeting, you will not speak unless explicitly given permission. You may only nod or shake your head. Do you understand? "

Her face had turned pale, and she seemed uncertain what was happening, and what to do. She glanced back to the door, apparently considering whether to leave. But still she stood rooted to the floor.

"I said DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"

She seemed to resign herself to staying, and gave me a slow nod. She looked uncomfortable and fearful.

"Now listen to me you little cunt. I am under a lot of stress. I have a lot of work to do. And I cannot have you parading your slutty ass around my office like you were a ten dollar whore. It is unprofessional. Do you understand?"

She started to say something, but stopped herself. Another slow nod.

"I am not sure that you do. In order to really understand, you must know that there are consequences. Now, Kate. Place your palms on my desk."

She gave me an incredulous look. It was possible that I had overplayed my hand.

"Kate, I am not playing games. You will not be harmed. But you must place your palms on my desk, now."

She did nothing for a couple of seconds, and I knew the whole venture was in jeopardy. It was entirely possible that she would walk out of the door and accuse me of sexual harrassment. She looked back at the door. I continued to glare at her.

Finally, she took a tentative steps forward. At that moment my doubts vanished. She would do as she was told. I would make her do as she was told.

She placed her palms on the desk. As she watched intently, I slowly removed my belt.

Then I walked around to her side of the desk, right behind her. I reached down between her legs to the hem of her skirt, taking care not to touch any of her flesh. As I started to ease the tight skirt over the hump of her ass, she let out a little gasp. As it slid up, I saw that my suspicions were true. She wore no panties.

My cock was once again aching for her, and I wanted nothing more than to drop my pants and fuck her violently from behind. But this was not the time for that, and I forced myself not to touch.

"Now Kate, please take two steps back, keeping your palms on the table."

She did so, making her ass rise into the air. Her pussy was now exposed to me. The lips glowed a lurid pink, and were glistening with drops of slickness. Her face was staring straight down at the desk, and she had started to pant audibly. But when she spoke, she sounded near tears.

"Please sir, don't hurt me."

"Shut up, you little slut! Did I say that you could talk?"

She shook her head.

"Look at that slutty little cunt of yours. It is wet, Kate. Your cunt is wet. It wants to be filled up with cock. And you bring that little cunt into my office? With no panties on? Expecting what?"

She said nothing.

"You may speak, Kate. Tell me what you were expecting."

"I... I don't know sir." She was weeping now. But still panting too.

"Did you want to get fucked? Did you want me to fuck you? Did you want your boss's big cock inside you, Kate? Are you that much of a slut?"

"No sir", she whimpered. "I was just playing. I would never cheat on Steve. And I knew you would never cheat on your wife. I was just PLAYING!" She was really crying now.

"How do you know what I would never do? How well do you know me Kate? You have no idea what I am capable of."

I was pacing back and forth, working up my anger.

"And how well do you know yourself Kate? If you do not want to get fucked, why is your pussy wet? WHY KATE? "

No response.

"TELL ME WHY YOUR PUSSY IS WET!"

Another whimper. "I don't know sir!"

"Relax Kate. I am not going to fuck you. Much as you would like that. Instead I am going to show you what will happen if you ever act like a slut in this office again."

I put my belt next to her on the desk.

"Look at my belt Kate."

I picked it up, and ran the tip of it across her cheek.

"Feel it, Kate. It's a good belt. Made of very fine leather..."

I walked back behind her.

"... very supple leather..." And with the tip I very lightly traced along the curve of her ass. At the touch she moaned loudly, through her tears.

"Now, make no mistake Kate. If you ever act in an unprofessional manner again. There will be CONSEQUENCES."

I whipped the belt down with all my strength, not aiming for her ass, but hitting the desk about a foot from her head. It made an impressively loud "crack!"

"Do I MAKE MYSELF" Another loud whip.

"PERFECTLY" (WHIP!)

"CLEAR!" (WHIP!!!!)

Kate nodded her head. She was now sobbing uncontrollably. Her thighs were covered in wetness.

"Good. Now go to the ladies room and clean yourself up. You're a fucking mess. I'm going home."

I strode out of the room. On my way out the door I looked over my shoulder, and saw that Kate had not moved. She remained, weeping, with her face on the desk.