 This is a timeline of my journey through sexual learning. Read teenager taught by, then next job experience, then next job experience part 2 to follow my timeline.

***

Marie was much happier with her new found freedom as were the other girls from Bill's demands. I continued in my role as Bill's new office go to girl. He mostly wanted me to strip for him and strut around in his office. The obligatory blow job would usually follow. He never wanted to inflict pain on me. I think that would have been the only deal breaker.

One day he instructed me to wear my 3/4 cup bra, that he had me wear for him, to work the next day, with a low cut blouse. He said "I think all the men in the office deserve to see your nipples, just like Jeff and I have."

The next day I did as instructed, although I was nervous about what Bill's plan entailed. I had enjoyed all of the men looking down my tops, checking out my tits, as they were all young, single, nice looking men, but this was different. Only Bill and Jeff had seen my nipples and Jeff was off that day. I had just sat down at my desk and Bill came out. I watched in my mirror as he smiled, looking down my blouse. He said "perfect" and went back to his office.

As the morning progressed, one of the guys came over to discuss a product. As I watched his reaction in my mirror, I could feel my nipples becoming erect . His eyes were wider than I had ever seen them. After he left, the others came by, one by one, as I watched in my mirror, to check out my tits and very hard nipples. They came for the view very often. I was definitely enjoying the attention as I could feel my panties getting wet.

In the afternoon, Bill called me into his office. I knew something was going to happen, just not what. He instructed me to sit in the chair by his desk. He dialed three extensions and told each one to come to his office. He ordered me to remove my blouse. I did as I was told, my tits resting on top of my bra. There was a knock at the door. Bill said, "let them in." I opened the door and told them to come in, as I stood behind it.

They didn't turn to look at me. They headed straight to Bill's desk. Bill stood up and exclaimed "I believe this is what you all have been wanting all morning, pointing at me, as I stood behind them." They turned around in unison, starring at my exposed tits and nipples pointing straight at them, with looks of disbelief on their faces.

Bill told them, "touch them, I'm sure that's what you and she wants."

Actually, I wanted more than just getting fondled. They not only fondled them, to my delight, they sucked my nipples. With only two tits and two nipples they had to take turns. One of them got behind me and unhooked my bra. I let it fall to the floor. I was enjoying the caressing and sucking as much as they were. I loved having my tits touched, ever since Sam first put his hand on them. 

Bill called me over to his desk. He asked them, "would you like to see her pussy?"

There was a resounding yes.

Before Bill could order me to remove my skirt and panties I had already unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor. I stood there with only my lace panties, thigh high stockings and high heels on. I walked up to Tom and told him to remove my panties. After Jeff and I broke up, I was hopeful Tom would ask me out, but he never did.

Tom did what I wanted as Jerry and Marty played with my tits and ass. I looked at Bill and smiled, as he was intently watching the action. The guys each took turns sticking their tongues and fingers in my pussy. Jerry was the lucky one. He had his tongue in my pussy when I had a powerful orgasm.

Bill told me to lay down on his couch. I did as instructed. He asked the guys "do you want to come over and jack off on her tits?"

They didn't reply, just came over, dropped their pants. I sucked each cock, one by one, till they were all hard. They took turns rubbing their cocks on my tits, jacking off, till they came on my tits, covering them with their cum.

It had been about a half hour and Bill told them they needed to go back to work. After they left, Bill dropped his pants and demanded a blow job, telling me "don't lose a drop." I proceeded to give him one of my best. I did not lose a drop! After I finished, Bill told me to get dressed and return to work. 

The rest of the afternoon, they all came by to look some more. Jerry put his hands on my shoulders and put them down my top. He squeezed my tits and ran his thumbs over my nipples, telling me how hot I was. I closed my eyes and wished it was Tom.

As I drove home that night, I couldn't help wondering how much longer this would last.