 I love walking in the gardens at night. They hold a lot of memories for me, both old and new. But my favorite gardens are the rose gardens in my backyard. 

My name is Lauri, and I live in the country. My father owns a nice peice of land to grow his prize flowers that supply many florists in our city. But we have our own private rose garden with benches in the center.

Now being an only child to a single father, well it has many disadvantages. But the worst of it is, is the overprotectiveness.

My father doesn't like to think of me as being grown up, he still thinks I am a little girl. But I am not, I am 24 years old and I have a great figure.

I also have a great lover. Which leads me to my tale about the rose gardens and the benches.

My lover and I have been together for three years now, and sometimes we have to meet in private. You see, he is married, but his wife is a very sickly woman and doesn't enjoy the pleasures of the flesh. Which is why he has me.

We want to come out and tell the world about us but for now we will stay in secret for the most part.

For this his name will be James, and we will leave it at that. Here is my tale about one of the most memorable times we have had together.

It was a dark and quite night, with very little starlight, but a full moon, so I knew that it would be special. I was waiting in our spot, amidst the roses on our favorite stone bench. I knew that he would come soon, but I had to wait until his wife was sound asleep.

He didn't live far and never made me wait. On that night I was daydreaming about a life together when he came upon me. I didn't hear him come up, but I felt him wrap his arms around me and start kissing my neck.

I moaned into the night and just let my head roll back so that he could gain access to my neck better. His hands roamed all over my upper body, grasping my breasts and making my nipples hard through my thin shirt.

I didn't wear a bra that night because I liked the feeling of my bare breasts in his hands right away.

"You have been naughty, haven't you?" He whispered.

"Yes I have, but I know you like it."

"I love it when you don't wear a bra, but I love it even more when you don't wear underwear."

I grinned at him and heard him groan. I knew that he was pleased that I wasn't wearing anything underneath my skirt and top.

He slid his hands down and started to pull my skirt up over my legs so that he could gain better access to my pussy. I was already so wet, but knowing where his hands were going made me even wetter.

When he felt my bare, shaved pussy, he started to rub my clit and tease my inner pussy with his fingers.

I could feel his cock growing against my back and knew that tonight would be hard and rough, but slow enough to make it last a while.

I reached my hand around and grasped his cock through his pants. When I did that he shoved his fingers inside me with a groan of pleasure.

I moaned into the night as he fingered me rapidly. I jacked his cock off the best I could through his pants, but not hard enough to make him cum.

Our game was that he would make me cum first with either his fingers or mouth and then we would make love.

I was so close and he could feel it because he started to slow down a little to prolong it.

"Not yet my little love. Tonight we will make this last. Because I have something to tell you after we are done."

That statement got me curious and what I wanted was for us to make love already so that he could tell me, but also I wanted to make it last.

He pulled out and let me calm down before he started to finger me again.

I unzipped his pants because I wanted to feel him naked in my hand as I jacked him off.

As I got close a second time I started to beg him to let me cum.

"Please, please James, my angel, let me cum. Let me feel you thrust deep inside me."

I felt his cock jump in response to what I said, and I knew that I had best stop before he came in my hand.

He started to thrust faster with his fingers and rubbed my clit even faster with his thumb.

I wrapped my hands around his waist and leaned my head back into his stomach as I started to cum.

I let out a little scream and started to convulse and thrash around.

"Oh god, YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!" I screamed into the night air.

I knew nobody would hear so I wasn't worried. I never was worried.

He kept the pace up until my orgasm subsided, then he rubbed my clit a few more times while I had a few mini-orgasms.

Then he pulled away and came around to the front of me.

He dropped his pants and picked me up.

Then he sat down on the bench and had me straddle him.

He pulled me down so fast that I didn't even realize he was in me before I could adjust my skirt.

We started to move together in unison as his hand slipped beneath and he started to play with my clit.

I yanked my shirt and skirt up over my head so that I could rub my naked boobs into his chest.

Then I pulled his shirt over his head so that we were both completely naked.

We were both moaning and screaming with each thrust of our bodies.

He was so completely buried inside me that if someone were to walk by you couldn't tell where I stopped and he started.

"You feel so tight tonight my love. Have you been working out down there?" He asked, breathlessly into my ear.

I couldn't speak so I just shook my head yes.

"Good I am glad. You will have to keep that up for what I have to tell you tonight." He hinted.

Just then he started to thrust really deep and I knew that he was close. I was just as close and was ready to cum with him.

Then he did something that we had only done on a few occasions, he started to finger my ass. He knew that would get me going harder then ever when I finally came.

I started to convulse around his finger and cock before he started to cum.

"OH GOD YES!!!!!!!!" I screamed out.

"Oh baby, yes let it cum let it cum. Don't hold back on me tonight." He moaned.

Then he stiffened up and thrust as deep as he could into me and let loose with spurts of cum.

He screamed out into the night with his final release and then relaxed with me in his arms.

I was so drained by the extremeness of my orgasm that I just sagged against him and put my lips against his neck.

We sat there for a few moments just holding each other and enjoying each other's company, because we knew that too soon we would have to leave each other until we could meet again in a few nights.

He started to stroke my back to help me come to again so that he could tell me his secret.

I sat up and faced him and looked him directly in his eyes.

"What is it that you have to tell me my love? Is it bad or good?" I asked worriedly.

He looked at me and started to laugh.

"Don't worry my angel, it isn't bad. In fact, it is the best news that I can give you right now."

The best news that he could give me was that his wife was dead and that we could now be together forever. But I didn't think it would happen anytime soon.

I looked at him with my face full of apprehension and let him know he could go on.

"My wife died three nights ago, which is why I haven't been coming to meet you. I have been taking care of the funeral and the final things. And now we can be together forever. I intend to ask your fathers permission to marry you as soon as possible. But now we can come out with our relationship until then." 

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I thought he was joking and he must have read my mind.

"I'm not joking my love, I am very serious. And I know you can feel it in your heart and in your sopping wet pussy,"

I did feel him growing inside me again and that told me he was serious. Because for him to get hard so soon after meant that he was happy and in a good mood.

I wrapped my arms around him and said, "I am so glad. I have wanted this for so long and now its finally coming true. I feel so wicked in saying I am glad she is gone, but I am sorry, because now you are mine"

He laughed and started to thrust into me again building me back up.

"There is nothing to feel wicked about my love, for I am glad too. I am looking forward to letting everyone know that you are mine and that nobody can have you again but me."

And with that we started to make love like never before. There was something special in it now that we could be together forever. We both felt the change and went with it.

When we came together, we both let out screams of pleasure and triumph.

That day was two years ago. Our favorite spot is still that little spot in the garden. And frequently, even though we are married, we still act like we are secret lovers meeting for a quickie.

My father is happy that we are married and he told us that he knew we had been meeting in that spot and that's why it was kept so high and private.

Our sex life couldn't get any better; even with three kids I am still as tight as I was back then. I guess what he said about me keeping up with the exercises was true. Cause he loves the feeling of my tight, wet pussy.

We have other adventures in the garden and I will tell you about them some other time. For now I hear my lover calling me to the garden for a little afternoon fun.