 One of our drivers, Bill was retiring at the end of the month. 

Bill was a tall slim man of sixty six, who was quite fit for his age and very popular with all the staff.

I was Bill's supervisor who was to and did give his leaving speech, along with his presentation.

I'd researched Bill's time at the company, his achievements and the funny situations Bill had got himself into, some very funny which I was to include in his speech.

Bill was very popular with everyone he had worked with, including some of our customers who contributed to Bill's collection.

Cathy, a Dispatch Admin Officer was dealing with the collection money and the task of getting Bill's leaving present, which was going to be a V.I.P. trip to Bill's favourite football team, paid for by the company. Cathy had also managed to get two books signed by bill's favourite two authors.

Cathy came in my office dressed in a tight fitting cream dress which showed off her hourglass figure. Cathy's titties stuck out in a way that made them look a perfect, firm, hand full and when Cathy turned to close the door her ass looked like a large firm peach. Cathy's face was on the plain side surrounded with short light brown hair. Cathy always had a smile for me and I wish that's all she was wearing. 

Cathy asked if me if I knew anything else Bill would like as there was still some money left. I nearly told her if it was my retirement then she would be an ideal present, but I just told Cathy that I'd think about it after lunch. Cathy told me she would be back later that afternoon.

Just before the end of the day Cathy came into my office to ask about Bill's collection money.

Cathy sat down across from me, her skirt rode up half way to her thigh showing a firm shapely pair of legs. I kept looking at Cathy's legs as we spoke about what Cathy was going to buy for Bill. I'm sure Cathy noticed me looking at her legs but she made no attempt to cover them up.

When Cathy stood up her skirt was so tight it remained high on her legs. Cathy didn't rush to pull her skirt down. I looked Cathy up and down while Cathy apologised telling me she had put on a little weight and her skirt was tighter than usual. I told Cathy there was no need to apologise, that she looked good and with legs like those she should show them off not hide them.

Cathy asked me if I really thought so, I told her yes from what had seen they looked very nice.

Cathy said," really, really."

"Oh yes, I would love to see all your legs," I replied smiling. 

Cathy smiled at me while pulling her skirt up to just below her pussy, while asking me what I thought. I was a little shocked that Cathy would do this, but I was very exited to see Cathy's legs all the same.

"Cathy you have lovely legs, so shapely," I said to her.

Cathy, then did a little spin for me before pulling her skirt back down while smiling at me the whole time. 

I told Cathy that she had a lovely shapely figure not just her legs. I was hoping that Cathy would show a little more. Cathy told me she could tell that I liked her while looking at my crotch which was showing quite a bulge. I had got a semi erection, the situation had got me turned on.

Cathy reached out and rubbed my crotch making sure she had a good feel at my now hard cock, while telling me how big it felt.

Cathy then asked me to get my cock out so she could admire it. I told Cathy that she'd not lifted her skirt all the way up never mind showing me anything. Then Cathy pulled my zip down while telling me she couldn't show any more as it was her time of the month, so I reached out and began to massage her titty. Cathy smiled at me as she released my cock and began to slowly wank me.

We came close and kissed which soon turned into a snog while I released Cathy's titties from there prison. Cathy's nipples were already erect when I bent over and took one in my mouth, sucking and licking it gently. Cathy moaned, then asked me to stop as she couldn't.

Cathy then sat in front of me and took my cock slowly in her mouth using her tongue on my shaft while looking at me. Cathy then opened her mouth and went up and down on my cock in a slow steady rhythmic movement. Oh fuck, Cathy was really good and I shot my load in her mouth after only a minute or so. Cathy held my cum in her mouth and spat it out into a paper bag that was on a shelf.

Cathy told me she didn't like to swallow while standing in front of me with her titties on full show, it was the first time I got to have a good look at those wonderful firm titties. Cathy told me how fat my cock was as she put those lovely titties back in their hiding place and I put my softening cock back in my trousers. 

My cock is just over six inches long and it wasn't the first time a lady had told me I had a fat cock, but to hear it again made me feel good.

After we had made ourselves respectable, Cathy came close to me and we snogged each other for over a minute, our tongues dancing together.

I thanked Cathy and told her how good she looked, Cathy smiled, left my office lifting the back of skirt to show me her legs again as she exited the office.

I saw Cathy several times over the next two days, in passing only though. I wanted a repeat of the other night and more, but to my disappointment the chance evaded me.

The night of Bill's retirement was upon us. The large meeting room had been set out with tables, chairs, garlands, flags, balloons, and the outside bar had been set up.

All of the staff had gathered by eight o clock, music was playing, the wine and beer was flowing, people chatted amongst themselves. I had my speech in my pocket and my eye on Cathy who was wearing a knee length flowing red dress. Our eyes had already met several times, each time brought a smile to Cathy's face.

Cathy came over to me smiling, she stood by my side and while making pointless small talk, started to feel my ass letting her hand slide right down between my legs. I looked round to see if anyone could or had seen us, but everyone seemed occupied by their own conversation.

I could feel my cock growing, so I walked away from Cathy and out of the room closely followed by Cathy.

I reached my office, went in followed by Cathy, as I turned round Cathy stepped forward, our lips met, the kiss instantly turned into a snog, our tongues dancing together. My hands soon found their way to Cathy's firm ass which I gripped and massaged. Then one of my hands slid its way up her body to her titty and as I massaged her titty though her dress, Cathy gave a little moan.

Cathy had slid her hand between us and was rubbing my now erect cock through my trousers. Then I heard my trouser zip go down and Cathy put her hand in my trousers telling me she was fine. I didn't waste any time lifting her dress to reveal her stocking clad legs which my hands roamed all over working their way up to her panties.

I held Cathy's dress up took a step back to get a good look at Cathy's stocking clad legs and above. Then kneeling down I pulled her lace thong down to reveal her shaven pussy lips topped with a brown trimmed bush. Cathy stepped out of her thong, parting her legs a little to give me a better look at her pussy when there was a knock on the door and a female voice said," Steve, Steve are you there? its time to give Bill's speech."

I replied," I'm here, will be there in a couple of minutes, just had a clothing malfunction, nothing serious.

"Ok," was the reply. 

I now recognised the voice it was Sue my new assistant.

I picked up Cathy's thong and put it in my pocket while Cathy made herself look as if nothing had happened.

We both went back to the others so I could give my speech for Bill and the presentation of Bills gifts.

As I was giving my speech my eyes were drawn to Cathy who kept smiling at me while she sat with her legs open enough for me to see her stocking tops.

My eyes kept going back to where Cathy was sitting and at one point I was transfixed on her legs, the only thing that made me look around again was the scraping of chair legs across the floor as someone got up to go to the toilet.

Then came Bill's presentation. Bill got up on the small stage with me to be presented with his gifts. As I presented Bill with his last gift, one from the company everybody clapped, I looked at Cathy who smiled and opened her legs a little more to give me a glimpse of her bush, then she closed her legs as I closed the presentation.

I left the room closely followed by Cathy.

As we walked along the corridor my hand was all over Cathy's arse and as we got half way along I spun Cathy round, pushed her against a door while starting to snog her, our tongues finding each others. My hands where all over Cathy's body, massaging her titties and ass while working her dress up. I opened the door, Cathy took a step back into the room, then I closed the door. The light automatically came on. We found ourselves in a tea kitchen.

I carried on kissing her and raising Cathy's dress up around her waist to feel and massage Cathy's naked ass. 

I sat Cathy back on a table, pushed her legs apart, admired her shaven pussy lips then I put my head closer between Cathy's legs to look at her very wet pussy. Then, I began to lick Cathy's hard clit and further down along her slit, which made Cathy moan and pull my face deeper between her legs.

I licked her pussy for several minutes then slipping a finger up Cathy's pussy and slowly frigging her, finding her hot spot.

Cathy moaned,"oh fuck, oh fuck no you'll make me cum, fuck its to late."

As Cathy came, her whole body started to shake and then she squirted more than a mouthful of her juices into my mouth and face.

Cathy sat up and started saying,"sorry, sorry its just that I can't help it when I cum that way. I just can't stop it, sorry,"

I told her that it was fine and began kissing her while I carried on playing with her pussy.

Cathy got on her knees, released me and began to wank my fully hard cock. Cathy then began to lick the head of my thick cock which looked bigger than normal. I couldn't wait any longer, I sat Cathy back on the table pushed her legs apart and slid my cock up her wet pussy. Cathy grabbed hold of me as I could feel Cathy opening up for me. 

I started to fuck Cathy with deep strokes at a nice steady pace which soon made Cathy start to moan loudly, I place my hand over her mouth to keep her quiet as she came, Cathy body trembled as her orgasm peaked and I couldn't hold on any more and shot my hot spunk deep inside her pussy.

We quickly got dressed and made our way to my office which I realised was only ten steps further along the corridor.

Fuck me I thought couldn't we have waited ten steps, were we both that desperate to fuck we risked been caught rather than walk ten steps.

When we got I my office I led Cathy over to my desk kissed her, our tongues entwining while I removed her dress.

I got my cock out sat on my chair and pulled Cathy onto my still hard cock. Cathy rode me like she was on a bucking bronco. Cathy came after a few minutes with my hand over her mouth again to stop her moans being herd.

I then got Cathy to bend over the chair while I fucked her deep from behind with long strokes. I then got my fingers wet from her juices and slid one up her ass which made her jump. Cathy told me she didn't do that, but by the noise she was making Cathy was certainly enjoying it. Cathy moan louder when I pushed another finger up her tight ass. 

Cathy then moaned," oh fuck it hurts, it hurts so fucking good, fuck me harder."

I'd never been with a woman who was so vocal and I had to put my hand over her mouth again as her pussy throbbed on my cock making me shoot deep inside her as Cathy squirted out over my chair and balls as her orgasm peaked.

We cleaned ourselves up the best we could with the wipes that Cathy had kept in her bag.

I had one last look at Cathy's swollen pussy lips before she pulled her skirt part of her dress down.

I kept her panties and when we went back to the party, Cathy, told me that she could feel spunk escaping from her, which made me smile.

I told Cathy that it was Bill's party not mine but I was glad it was my spunk running down her legs.

I wanted to do that again very soon, Cathy was a great fuck but when I saw Cathy alone in several weeks time she told me she was pregnant. That Cathy and her boy friend were going to get married.

I did ask if she thought it could be mine to which Cathy told me it didn't matter and not to worry she enjoyed it that much I might get some more as Cathy rubbed my cock through my trousers.

We did get together several times after that but that's another story.