 While my other submissions have been from memories of long ago, this is a fantasy based on reality. The only thing missing is a willing "Night Nurse"!

*

As my ID suggests, I am disabled. I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis some 20 years ago and the disease has progressed to where I must use a wheelchair to get around and much of anything below the belt is shut down. This being said, I manage to do pretty well during the day, but at night, because of my lack of mobility, I require the attention of a nurse in case something goes wrong.

Most of the nurses that the service sends are retired, or near to retirement, as I don't require much help, just needing someone to be there if I need help. On this one occasion, though, I answered the door to find someone much younger, and prettier than usual. Understand that younger to this 56 year old man is around 30ish, and prettier is no gray hair. The beauty at my door this evening was in her late 20s and had a head of dark red hair that didn't look like it had been through the ravages of being colored. Needless to say, I was refreshed. She told me that she had been a hospital nurse for several years but wanted to take some time to relax from the hectic pace.

I was just getting ready for supper, and asked if she wanted any. "What are you having?" she asked. I told her I was going to have a salad with a little wine. She said, "I'll have a little wine, if you don't mind." Now, I had never had any of the nurses accept an offer of anything, much less alcohol, so her response was unexpected, to say the least. After eating, and a couple of glasses of wine, it was time for my shower.

I am still pretty independent, so showering is something I can do by myself. I went back to the bathroom and got myself ready. As I got into the shower, she knocked on the door and asked if there was anything I needed. I figured, "What the heck?" and said that maybe she could wash my back in a little bit. I proceeded to wash myself and think about this latest development. I felt stirrings in my loins that I hadn't felt for quite a while, back when my wife caused them. Stirrings aside, my equipment was pretty much non-functional without help, so I didn't even try to help things along, if you catch my drift. I called to her and said I was ready to have my back washed. She came in the door.

I was sitting on my bath bench and she could see all of what God had given me, which did not appear to be too much. You see, when soft, my penis looks like it belongs on a 12 year old, but my testicles look like you are looking at the rear of a bull at the county fair. They are the size of ripe avocados, which only emphasize the smallness of the rest. I felt her eyes on me as she soaped up the cloth, and as she scrubbed my back I looked over to her top. I could see inside and saw that she was not wearing a bra, which increased the stirrings and made my little penis poke out a bit. She finished my back and, as she stood up, I observed that her uniform had gotten wet, exposing the perkiness of her nipples. Without thinking, I reached down between my legs and wrapped my hand around my cock, giving it a little tug. "We mustn't get things started, now," she said as she saw this. Then she left the room.

A bit disappointed, I got out, toweled off, and put on a pair of scrub pants to get ready for bed. I went out to the living room and turned the TV on. She was there and we exchanged small talk, much as I would do with the other nurses. She asked questions about MS, and its effects on me, and I freely shared that, at first, things weren't too bad, but over the last few years my legs had gotten progressively worse until I pretty much had no feeling from the belt down. Talk turned to symptom management and then she asked, "Do you have any trouble sleeping? Do you take anything to help you sleep?"

I smiled and said, "Just the little blue pill, sometimes."

She grinned and asked, "How does that help you sleep?"

"It depends on what I do after I take it," I responded with a wry smile. "But I haven't done anything with my wife for quite some time, so its been a while."

"Is there any more of that wine left?" she suddenly asked. Since I had just opened the bottle, there was quite a bit left. I got a couple of glasses and the bottle and brought them back to the couch. The wine loosened our minds and the conversation turned to things of a more personal nature. I had been married for about 30 years and she had been divorced for about 5. It had been about a year since my wife and I had had sex and quite a while for her also. We both enjoyed oral sex but our spouses hadn't, my wife developing a distaste for it as our marriage went on, after giving the best head I had ever had. By the time the wine ran out, she had gotten very close to me, and we had shared many secrets.

We talked for a little while longer, then I said it was about time for me to go to bed. She went back with me to help me transfer, and it seemed that, when we got there that she had unbuttoned her top a couple of buttons. As she bent over me to help, I could now see her unfettered breasts and her nipples, which seemed to be swelling a little. The talk and my fertile imagination had caused my penis to swell until it was about normal sized for a flaccid cock, about 6 inches, though it was still quite soft, . She helped me transfer into the bed, and now I had to get my pants off, and so lay back on the bed, raising my hips so I could pull them down. 

As the waistband came past my cock, it sprang up, still a long way from fully erect, though. She looked at it,and suggested,with a smile, "Maybe you should take one of your little blue pills." I gave a start, and felt another twitch in my nether region. My alcohol numbed imagination suddenly went into overdrive! Did she say what I thought she said? "You do have some, don't you?" I nodded. opened the drawer in my bedside table and got the bottle that had for so long been sitting untouched. I took one of the little blue bombs and swallowed it with a gulp of water. By the time I turned my attention back to her, she had removed her top and taken her pants off. She had nice breasts and puffy aureoles surrounding nipples that were obviously getting stiff. I wanted to wrap my mouth around them and suck them into my mouth. It would take a little while for the pill to kick in well.

As I lay back, she finished pulling the scrubs off of my feet, and had pulled her panties off. She grinned as she the straddled me, lowering herself onto my chest. I was looking at a beautifully groomed pussy, with a neatly trimmed "landing strip" flanked by swelling mounds of smooth flesh. I raised my arms, encouraging her to slide herself up my hairy chest closer to my waiting tongue. This is as close as I had been to a pussy other than my wife's in over 30 years, and any one at all for almost 20. I felt a definite surge in my cock. 

I pulled her up and began to run my tongue along the crease where her leg met her mound... the sensation was wonderful! She was smooth, like the skin of an inner thigh, and I flattened my tongue to lap at the smoothness. I reached my hands up to push on her back as I ran my tongue down the other side. The swelling of her luscious mound had begun to make her lips spread open and I saw her folds invite me to them. I continued to enjoy the warmth of her and the contrast between the smoothness and the border of her trimmed patch. 

Because my arms were pinned beneath her, I said, "Spread yourself. I need to taste you!" She reached down and pulled herself open, sliding closer to my waiting mouth and letting me draw her now dripping heaven into my mouth. She shuddered and humped a little when I ran my tongue against her swollen button. God, it tasted good! It had been so long since I had been oral, the memories of how much I enjoyed it came flooding back as she was beginning to flood her juices into my mouth. I remembered how girls would respond to my ministrations and thanked the lady that, so many years ago, had taught me the way to pleasure a woman. This lady was as responsive as any I had "served" and was fairly flowing with nectar. She arched herself so I could run my tongue around her opening, and, letting out a moan, pressed herself into me. I lapped her juices hungrily, drinking nectar that I had missed for so long.

By this time, I could feel that modern chemistry had done it's thing and my cock was in fine form... in fact it hurt it was so "formed". I told her to roll over, and as she did, she saw the results of her behavior. When erect, my penis, which was so small when sleeping, expands to a, to use one girlfriend's description, "Freaking bus!" When I wrap my finger and thumb around the base, they don't touch, and when I grip it with my hand, there is quite a bit left over past my fingers. My wife loved it for years, but often could not get all of it stuffed into her. She would reach down and wrap her hand around the base to keep me from hurting her, squeezing me when she wanted me to fill her up. This lady's response was to orgasm at it's sight, getting my chin wet as she shook, I took the opportunity to lap at her lips and licked up her flow until it ran down my chin and my neck. I suddenly felt her lips around my cock's head, and she must have cum again as it felt like she was pulling it off, she was sucking so hard. The feeling was wonderful, her mouth was so warm, it had been so long since lips had been on my dick!

She settled down and went to the job of giving me a blow job. My wife gave the best head, being not just the only woman to take all of me down her throat, but also having a marvelous technique which would make me cum quickly. Ah, the memories of BJs in the car! Anyway, this lady was very good, sucking me and running her tongue around the head. She took about ½ of me in and gagged, which damn near made me cum then and there. I was going to make this last as long as I could, though, as I did not know when or if it would ever happen again. She kissed down the shaft and sucked each of my balls into her mouth, sort of rolling each one around as she did so. I felt them filling her mouth when she pulled back a little, stretching my sack before letting it pop out. Her hot mouth and her tongue gave me a feeling I had not had in years. To say it felt so good would be an understatement! Though it seemed impossible, I felt my balls swell a bit; they ached.

Up to this point, there had been little talk, but quite a lot of action. She now began to examine me and stroke me up and down. "This is amazing." she said while wrapping her hand around me. "I did not expect this when I first saw you." She cupped my balls in one hand and joked, "You sure grew into these! They almost look too small, now."

"I used to be embarrassed," I said, "but I when I grew up, I knew better." laughing a little at the last statement. I could tell she was eager to move to the next level, having inspected every inch of her destination. She turned around again and began to slide her pussy toward the head of my throbbing cock. Her breasts went past my mouth and I took the chance to wrap my lips around a nipple, sucking the dark area around it gently into my mouth. The puffiness was quite a turn-on. I found it more exciting than a hard nipple. I did the same to the other one. I had never sucked on a puffy aureole before and it was a new sensation I wanted to savor. 

She, on the other hand, wanted to get to my cock. I felt the head touch her opening, and she spread her legs to make it a little easier. It forced its way inside, and as the ridge around the head got past her muscles around that opening, I felt a little 'pop'. She shuddered again and rocked back and forth, popping that ridge in and out of her little hole. The sensation was mind blowing and I could have blown my load right then, but again, I was going to make this last. I was thankful that MS had taken much of the feeling away from my cock, which made it feel like it was a piece of wood, which is pretty much what it felt like to her, I thought. She mercifully continued to slide herself down onto me. 

Now, I know about G spot response, and at about 4 inches, my cock would find my wife's 'bumpy place' as she called it, and it would guarantee a hip bucking orgasm. I waited for my swollen head to 'find' this lady's magic place and was not disappointed. She was stretched across my belly when I felt her muscles begin to spasm. Her hips began to buck and she moaned, then said, "Jeeeesus!", then began to repeat, "God, god, god, god!" while her bucking got more intense. I feared she would break me if she continued, or at the least, leave me bruised. She slowed down and began a slow rocking motion, taking a little more of me with each rock. 

By now she had about ½ of me in and I could feel her hole stretching. The head was pushing her open and I could feel the little button of her cervix, meaning I had hit bottom, so to speak. I wanted her to begin sliding up and down, but she had other ideas. She raised up, squatting on me now, and I could see her with me sticking out, stretching her. Then I saw her straining lips pucker a little and felt her squeezing me. She did this a few more times and it was all I could do to not explode. Keep in mind that it had been a long time since my cock had been hard, much less in such an exciting place. She began to pull off of me and then back down a little at a time, until she was really fucking me, almost pulling off, then putting it back in until I could feel it hit bottom.

She stopped, and began to pull off. My hips raised up to try to keep me inside as long as possible, but she pulled my cock out of her. "Do you have any lube?" she asked, "I have to get more of that." I reached into the drawer and produced a bottle of Astroglide, which she took. She squirted some on my cock-head and proceeded to stroke my meat up and down, stopping to put more on until she had me completely greased. She straddled me again and began to slide herself back down. She got to where she had been before, then took a deep breath before slowly stuffing more of me inside.

"Don't hurt yourself," I said, realizing that it was not easy.

"Damn, this feels so fucking good!" was her response, pulling up a little before resuming her decent. She commenced to fuck me again, with each trip back in going a little deeper. Soon, she was taking about 2/3 of me with each stroke, pulling almost all the way out before sliding back down. She stopped at the top and squirted more lube on me, stroking my length while squeezing the head with her pussy muscles. "Not now, not now, not now!" my mind was screaming before she once again began sliding back down. 

Her ride took on a little more urgency and she quickened her pace. She stiffened up as another orgasm began to overtake her, she quivered and let out a moan, which escalated to a scream, and she dropped, taking the last inches of cock all at once. I felt her ass fall onto my balls, squeezing them against my legs and almost forcing the cum out. Damn, she was tight! She sat there, getting used to being filled, and I was enjoying the feeling of my cock in a very tight, warm place. 

It had been so long since I had been fucked, and I felt like I was 18 years old again, driving the women crazy. She began to slide up and down on me and my mind was still thinking back to how things were before I got married. She brought me back to reality when, with my cock buried deep, she began to just rock back and forth, which made her cervix ride over the hole in the end of my cock, stimulating me and making my balls tighten up. God I didn't want to cum yet! I wished that my legs worked so I could roll her over an really give her my cock. Doggy style was my favorite position, and I could vary the angle of thrust to hit the G spot which drove my wife crazy, but all I could do now was lay back and get fucked.

Without pulling off of me, she spun around into 'reverse cowgirl' and the twisting was almost too much. She resumed her ride, repeatedly taking the full length in and out of her pussy, stretching herself open. She stopped once more to apply more lube, rubbing some on my balls while massaging them gently. Sliding me full length back in, she began a gentle round and round rocking, while gently squeezing my balls. If she only knew what that was doing to me! She reached down and pulled my knees up a little, which changed the angle of my dick, it felt good! She continued stirring herself with my cock and I was getting close. She was rubbing my balls in earnest, when she took a well lubed finger and stuck it in my ass. 

That was all I needed, I began to quiver deep in my loins, shaking uncontrollably, and after a few moments, the stored up cum came erupting out of my swollen balls past the huge head of my throbbing cock and into the tight, wet pussy that was now even wetter, with hot man juice filling it. Instead of spurting in spasms, the cum shot out in what seemed to be a stream. The sensation was incredible, almost like a long spasm. Instead of the "Oh, oh, oh..." of a typical orgasm, it was, "Oh, Lord in heaven, Jeyesus kayriste, sheeyit, yessssss!" This was followed by 2 or 3 strong spurts, each with a thrust to accentuate the quivering spasms that were continuing. Yes. I gave a long moan. Her response to my jet of hot cum was to come again. This time without any reservation. 

She started out in a scream, with many "Oh, gods", a string of "shits", and a couple of "Jesus Christs" thrown in. She finished and leaned forward. The thing about the pill is that the guy doesn't get soft right away. When she leaned forward, I saw my cum squeezing out. I reached down and got my finger wet with it, toying her own asshole with it. She rocked herself up a bit and I took the hint. Forcing my finger inside, I could tell how filled her pussy was, I could feel my finger rubbing my cock from the inside. She shook again and squeezed more of my cum out of her hole, past the cock plugging it. She slowly slid off of me and showed me a pretty creampie as her love tunnel started to unstretch itself. It had been a long time since I had had sex like that. I would not have any trouble sleeping this night, for sure.

She lay down next to me and we talked some more. Some of it was small talk, but quite a bit was of the experience she just had. I was not surprised when she said I was the biggest she had had, nor when she said it was not what she expected. My wife was one of the only women that really wanted to 'do' me again; most women just thought they wanted a big cock, until they had been abused by it. She said she liked home health because she could tease the old men and she kinda enjoyed that. She said she was going to tease me, too, but she said things got out of hand. ("And into pussy", I thought) 

I told her that she was the very first woman to fuck me after seeing me soft. The first time anyone else had seen me was when I was already hard. She said that she would see if she could get on my schedule more often. I asked her if there were other nurses who were like her, and liked to play. She said maybe a couple, and I asked if she would mind spreading the word a little. I didn't feel so bad about how long it had been since I had had sex with my wife, and began to look forward to another chapter in my life. Maybe MS could be a blessing after all!