 I've been watching you, fantasising about you're soft, warm skin against my body. I've been thinking about what it would be like to kiss every inch of your body, tease you in every way possible, and hear you beg for more. I've been dreaming about hearing you plead with me and cry out for me to fuck you. Tonight was one of these nights, and tonight my dreams and fantasies came true...

I climbed the tree outside your bedroom as I had done many times before. I watched as you completed your nightly routine. You walked into the en-suite and switched on the light, you never closed the blinds. You probably had no idea that anyone would be watching you. You unzipped your mid-thigh pencil skirt and let it drop to the floor in a heap. You stepped out of the circle it had created and walked over to the toilet, here you placed your left foot on top of the toilet seat and carefully rolled down your stocking, slowly you revealed your bare thigh and calf to me. You repeated this action on the right leg. You unbuttoned your white shirt and it gracefully dropped to the floor as you shrugged back your small shoulders. Your bra, as always, was the next item you removed. Your nipples became erect at the sudden contact of the cool air, small and dainty just like the rest of your perfect body. You walked to the sink and opened the bathroom cabinet. You took out the tooth brush, tooth paste and face-wash. I watched as you cleansed away the day, you completed rubbing in the moisturiser as you walked back into your bedroom and turned off the bathroom light. 

Your panties were the final item you removed, as always. You revealed to me the neat strip of pubic hair as you pulled them down your lovely legs. You looked so beautiful stood there, naked and clean. I could only imagine then how you smelled, and I imagined it to be a wonderful smell like no other woman's. you walked over to the chest of drawers, your beautiful bottom wiggling with every step, and opened the top draw. You took out a silk and lace negligee, you always wore something like this to bed even though I had never seen a man enter your bedroom. Sometimes I would fancy that you knew I was there and was making all of this effort for me. You slipped the sexy garment over your perky breasts and covered your bottom from view. You turned the light off and vanished from view. This always happened at exactly eleven o'clock from Sunday to Thursday. I hadn't had enough tonight, I needed more. I needed to fulfil my fantasies. I needed to have you. I climbed down from the tree and stood still at the trunk for a few minutes, pondering how to enter your house. 

One of the basement windows was ajar and I managed to fit through it some how, and I didn't make a noise. I couldn't believe that I was in! I was in your house. I quietly made my way up the basement stairs and opened the door at the top. This lead me into your kitchen. I wandered through to the dining room and turned another corner and found the bottom of the stairs. I looked up toward the landing; I had been very excited at this point and needed to calm my nerves. I stood there and took a few deep breaths, composing myself. I slowly walked up the soft carpeted stairs and was soon on the landing. I knew exactly where your room was and made my way to your bedroom door. 

I knew it would have been risky for me to enter your bedroom this way so I walked down to the bathroom door and entered there. I knew you had left the adjoining door between the en-suite and the bedroom open. I stood in the adjoining door way and watched as you slept peacefully in your bed. I walked over and stood by your bed to get a better look at you, it seemed to me that you were fast asleep and it would take a loud noise or harsh touch to wake you. 

I slowly and carefully peeled the covers from your body; you twitched a little but did not wake. I softly touched your cheek with the back of my hand; you didn't move you only sighed a little. I wondered how long it had been since anyone had touched you. My hand lightly travelled down past your neck and fell to your bosom; I ran a finger over your left nipple and felt the hardness at my tender touch. I moved the left strap of your negligee down your arm just enough to reveal your breast. I put my mouth close to your nipple and lightly blew across it. I tenderly kissed your erect nipple and felt you shudder beneath me. 

My right hand lightly stroked your thigh as my lips caressed your nipple and breast. The feel of your smooth skin on my hand almost gave me an orgasm, and your legs parted slightly the further my hand moved up your thigh. I heard a quiet moan escape your lips as my middle finger grazed the opening of your pussy. My lips left your breast and I kissed my way up your chest and neck until I found your full pouting lips. You were still fast asleep but it felt to me like you were kissing me back. My finger was now inside your wet pussy, and my thumb was circling your clit. You ground yourself onto my finger to get it deeper inside your cunt and I complied. 

As I worked my thumb more rapidly against your clit, and slid my finger deeper into your pussy you kissed me back harder and moans erupted from your mouth more frequently and became louder. I continued at this fast pace until I felt your insides tighten around my finger, your orgasm seemed to suck my finger deeper inside of you and you bucked yourself against my hand. Your chest was heaving but you were still fast asleep. I moved away from your body slowly and at the moment my lips detached from yours I heard you whisper something.

'Don't stop.' You said in a quiet whimper. 'Please don't stop.' I checked your eyes to see if you had woken up, but you were still asleep. 'Please, I need you.' 

I stood away from you and undressed myself, my hard cock springing out to attention as I did so. I placed myself between your beautiful legs and watched your peaceful face, in slumber, as my cock rubbed against your perfect cunt. More moans escaped your lips as my cock rubbed against you, and you ground against me a little, wanting my hard cock inside you. 

'Fuck me, please.' You moaned, still asleep. 

I worked the head of my large cock into the entrance of your tight pussy; no objection came from you, only moans of ecstasy. I thrust my length into you, and still you had not woken, I slid my cock in and out of you and you instinctively wrapped your legs around my waist, pulling me closer to you. My pace picked up and you began to moan louder, begging me to fuck you harder and telling me that you were my whore. I couldn't believe how much you loved my cock, and was more than willing to fuck you however you wanted. I couldn't hold on much longer, I needed to cum so badly. I waited until you were in the throes of orgasm before I spurted my cum up your pussy. Your heels dug into my back and your petite frame shuddered underneath me. I removed myself from your body and stood back in awe for about twenty minutes. After this I replaced the covers and left you lying there, peaceful and content. I would come back some other time.