 It is late evening when you arrive home from work and I have missed you all day. You walk in with that strong confident walk you have, my heart starts to beat faster and my body can not wait for your touch. I sit quietly through out dinner and the rest of the evening only thinking of your touch, your smell, and your body. Yearning for you to be close to me, yearning to feel you inside of me. 

I watch you, as you go down the hall and enter the bathroom. I wonder what it is you are going to do next. I hear the water running and a little pout comes to my lips as I think that I will have to wait for you to take a shower before we lay down in bed. But soon you come back out and take my hand. You lead me into the bathroom and my eyes widen when I see what you have done. 

The bath is filled and I can smell the light scent of vanilla coming from the bubbles in the water. You have lit the candles, and have placed them around the tub and sink, making the room glow with there amber light. 

You begin to kiss my neck, as your fingers work to unbutton my blouse. I feel the light material of my shirt slip from my shoulders; your hands run gently up my sides and cup my breast. My head swims with passion as your mouth moves down, kissing my breasts before taking nipple into your mouth. Delicately you suck and nibble, moving your head from one breast to the other. My hands go up into your hair and I moan slightly as I feel your lips on me. 

Soon, you release my breasts from your hands, brining them down to unzip my skirt. As it falls to the floor you move your lips down again, kissing my belly. You trail down to the top of my pussy, and as your lips graze me an electric shock goes through my body. 

You do not stay there long, and another pout comes to my lips as you stand up. You smile down at me, "Not yet Love." I nod my head and watch as you shed your clothing. 

You step into the tub and hold out your hand to help me in. We lay down, my back pressed up against your stomach. I can feel your hardness and it takes all I have not to take you then. I look back at you and see the desire in your eyes. The passion raging through us both is almost too much for us to handle. You bend your head down and kiss my lips as your hands come to my shoulders. 

I pull back from you, laying my head on your chest as your hands work over my body, massaging my skin lightly with your fingers. A small moan escapes me as your hands come to my breasts, lightly pinching my nipples as the water laps over my body. 

I want badly to feel your fingers on my clit, to feel you deep inside of me but I know you will not touch me until the bath is finished, and I wait patiently enjoying the feel of your hands on my skin, your lips in my hair. 

After a while you tell me that it is time to get out and I quickly I step out of the tub. You take a towel and begin to dry me off, your lips again grazing over my skin. Once dried you pull me close to you and kiss me passionately. Your maleness presses against me and my body quivers. I pull back and look up at you; "I need you now." I say in a low whisper. 

You take my hand a lead me to our bedroom. We lay down together and I go straight into your arms, to feel them strongly wrapped around me and I have a sense of security then that I can never be harmed. I kiss your lips and place my tongue inside your mouth, slowly bringing it in and out and around your lips. I love the taste of you and it sends my head spinning. 

You then return my kiss by placing your own tongue in my mouth and I suck on it gently as if it were your dick. You start to moan and I move my lips from yours and go to your neck. Tenderly I kiss your neck and lick up to your ear where I suck and nibble at it. 

Again I can't wait to feel you in me but I wait and proceed with my exploring. This is not a night of fucking but one to express our deep love for each other. I kiss down your neck gently to your shoulders, all the while you are slowly rubbing my back. I feel your hands go to my pussy and you begin to lightly rub my throbbing clit making me so wet and hot that I can hardly contain the urge to pounce you and fuck you like there was no tomorrow. 

I take my kiss down to your chest and I take a deep breath in to smell you. I can hardly control myself and my pussy starts to drip its juices down my legs. I lick your nipples and by your moans and the harder way you caress me I know this pleases you. 

I take my kisses to your belly, going down further to your dick. You try to pull me back up, "no Jessi, not that tonight, this is for you not me." I don't listen; I need to feel you in my mouth. I bring my tongue out and lick all around the head of your cock, bringing it down the shaft to your balls before. I wrap my lips around your cock and slowly begin to suck you into my mouth, loving the feel of every inch of you going down my throat. You moan and bring your hands down into my hair. I suck you harder, letting out a moan of pure pleasure as you fill my mouth with your dick. You make me stop after a moment and I whimper as I come back up to you. 

I kiss you hard as I mount you, guiding your dick inside my womanhood. . I slowly sit back, letting you feel all of my wet hot cunt as I bring you deeper inside of me. I sit up so that you can look at me, your hands going to my breasts. The feel of your fingers and the movement of our bodies send me into orgasm. My body shakes uncontrollably, I yell out in my ecstasy, as my cream flows down your cock. 

Once I have calmed down you push me gently and I reluctantly move, lying on my back. You come to me and kiss my lips, neck, and ears. You go down slowly to my breast and start to kiss and knead them both. You go down to my belly and then to my inner thighs. I want so badly for you to lick my pussy but instead you toy with me kissing everything but. 

I am spinning from your kisses. You finally turn your attention to my clit and start to lick slowly. You take your tongue down and enter me with it and I can hardly contain myself once again. I want to cum so bad but don't want you to stop. You come back up to suck on my clit and enter one finger into my pussy. I can't help but cum now and push your head hard into my pussy, my body shakes, my back arches and I scream out my passion. 

You come back up to kiss me and I can taste myself on your lips. I love the taste of myself and this sends me to greater heights of ecstasy. You enter me, filling me again with your dick. I am in heaven. I cum again instantly, my pussy tightening around your cock as I hold on to you with all the strength I have. 

You look down at me and smile, "I love you so much girl." I smile and whisper; "I love you too." You bring your lips to mine again and kiss me softly. You pull back and ask me to lie on my stomach. I do so, and feel you enter me from behind. I close my legs tightly. I love to feel you in me this way; your cock goes so deep that I can feel it in my stomach. I begin to move with you, lifting my ass off the bed as you drive into me. I feel another orgasm begin to rise in me, and I clamp my cunt tighter around your dick. 

As wave after glorious wave of my orgasm hits my body I hear you moan louder and your breathing change. I know you will cum soon and I move my hips faster with your quickening rhythm. Your face comes down into my hair as you thrust once more before cumming. I throw my ass back hard into you, moaning loudly as you fill with your seed. 

Your body goes limp and you kiss the back of my head before moving to lie on your back. I come to you and kiss you, before telling you I love you. I still want you but am to tired from our love making to try to go again. I tell myself that I will have you again tomorrow.