 It's Friday afternoon, almost time to go home for the weekend. My husband and son are in California by now for their fishing trip, but I couldn't leave my employees without someone to handle crises. I'd just gotten out of a very important conference call, but wasn't feeling jazzed as I usually did. I'm feeling lonely, no one is waiting at home for me and I really need a man tonight. Cybersex will have to do. I think of my special chat buddy and hope that he has time for me this evening. It's nighttime there so he'll have eaten and settled down to do whatever he does when he's not working or chatting with me. Maybe he's gone into London for some fun. Yesterday, he sent a note with some good news. London's in the path of a high-pressure front and the whole weekend, possibly even Monday, is expected to be sunny and fairly warm. He said he might go to a soccer game. 

While I hope he's out on the town tonight, perhaps even found a woman to be with, a little part of me hopes that he's online waiting for me. He's so funny and kind, and his imagination is sexier than heck. We've had a great time, sharing our fantasies. He's a doctor at a large hospital outside of London, and I own a gemstone company. We have similar backgrounds and tastes. It's very easy to share my thoughts with him even when we aren't cyber-fucking. 

Too bad we'll never meet. Beside the geographic difficulties of an American and a Brit meeting for some extracurricular fun, there's my husband and son. I love both of them too much to ruin my marriage for a little, ok a LOT, of fun and exploration. Trying to find time away from them would be too difficult to arrange, or explain. But, sometimes I just need a little something extra, so erotic chat is it. I've told him that he is the only man for whom I'd consider breaking my marriage vows, but he said a doctor like him doesn't get many opportunities to travel outside the country. That's just as well I think now. He could easily become addictive if he were in reach.

I hear a knock on my office door and look up to meet the blue-green eyes of a handsome, brown haired man, tall and muscular. Not in a body builder way, but like someone who's no stranger to physical work. He looks so yummy, I forget my manners for a moment as I drink in the sight of his body. Then he smiles, and I stand up to ask if I could help him? He has such a nice smile, it reaches right into his eyes. I feel myself getting aroused and moist. This is so not like me, I think, but he does look my husband. Must be misplaced lust. I feel relief at finding an acceptable explanation for my body's unexplained flowering.

He says, "Yes, I'm looking for Selina Montrose. Are you she?" I reply, "Yes, what can I do for you?". You explain that what you have to say should be said in private. As I motion for you to sit down, I close the door and pull my chair to face you to facilitate our conversation. Waiting until I've sat down, you sit in the heavy antique chair I indicated. I'm proud of my newest acquisition, and seeing such a nice looking man being the first to sit in it makes me appreciate it even more. 

As I wait for you to continue, I wonder what I could possibly do to help you. From the sound of your voice and diction, you appear to be a very educated man from somewhere other than America, Europe perhaps, but I'm not sure where. Your accent is very faint and you speak without hesitation. My business hasn't yet expanded outside the US so I can't imagine what you want with me, nor why you needed privacy. And, if you were a new gemstone rep from one of the wholesalers with whom I did business, we certainly wouldn't need to be secretive and I would have had advance notice. But, I wait for you to tell me what's brought you to my office. I certainly have nothing else to do that evening, and you're very easy on the eyes. Maybe we could go out to dinner. That would use up a couple hours of loneliness. Then I could meet my chat lover and tell him all about the luscious guy who showed up today. Maybe we could work him into a threesome fantasy. I feel my pussy getting even wetter. Impatient with my woolgathering, I turn my attention back to you.

Finally you tell me you know me and are very glad to meet face to face, and I get confused. You've still not told me your name and I've never seen you before, but you look so sincere. Then you add that you've come from Britain to meet me because I'd told you I was going to be alone and needing some comfort this weekend. 

"Michael?" I gasp. You grin as you tell me "Yes, my cybermate, I am here for you." I get lightheaded from the shock of this revelation and sway in my chair. You quickly get up to steady me and lower my head between my legs to cure the faintness. I smell my arousal as I breathe slowly and deeply. When I've recovered, I move into your arms for a hug that quickly turns into a long searching kiss, and just before I sink into the waves of pleasure your talented tongue is giving me, I think "I am sooooo glad I dressed like this today!" You sit down in my new chair and pull me down onto your lap to continue our kiss. I rub your shoulders and chest, so happy that I've finally met you. You've given me so much pleasure with your emails, that I feel my pussy moisten for you even more at the memories.

I feel your manhood growing under my lap as we nibble and kiss every bit of bare skin we can reach. I grow daring, knowing that no one will be bothering to ask for my help the rest of the day, as they're all talking about their plans for the weekend. In between caresses and kisses, you tell me you had an opportunity to come to Phoenix for a medical conference that you had originally turned down as not being necessary. You explain that once I had mentioned my family was leaving town on Friday morning for a week, you signed up for the trip immediately. Your partners could take care of your workload, you said, and you wanted to surprise me with a long weekend of sexual exploration in your hotel. You say staying at the hotel will make our tryst a delicious secret and help protect my marriage...the only thing I value more than you as I've said many times before.

This makes my heart swell for you as much as my pussy was doing that very moment. I've never had sex with another man, and the thought excites me so much I stand up and kneel in front of you. Slowly I open your trousers and release your already pulsing, hard cock. I take your head into my mouth and even more slowly glide my wet lips down to your base. I feel you grab my long hair and the back of my head to press it against your groin. You like what I'm doing as I flick my stiff tongue around and across your cock's head and dip into the slit. I do this over and over again until I taste your pre-cum....it's so sweet/salty. I lave you thoroughly with my tongue and lips until you can't stand it any longer. 

You pull me up to stand astride your legs, pressing your cock against my silk-shirt clad belly, as you reach down with your other hand to finger my pussy and clit. You find my little secret... crotch-less pantyhose and no panties, and look up at me. I smile, then tip my head back in pleasure as you slip first one then, two fingers into my slit their full length, your thumb covering my sweet little passion button. You pull them out, then thrust them back in, faster and faster, fingers curved to scrape my g spot, thumb rubbing in the same rhythm, until I cum all over your hand, stifling my cries so the few people left in the office won't hear me through the office walls.

You pick me up to support my legs over your shoulders, back laying flat on your lap, my long curly brown hair hanging down to the floor, to replace your hand with your mouth. You suck greedily at my juices, prolonging my orgasm for an unbelievable period of time with your hard thick tongue stabbing at my clit and into my pussy, lapping and stabbing and suckling, holding me firmly against your face, your hands grasping my ass, until I cum again and you drink me in. After I recover, you help me to stand and I pull you up beside me and push your trousers down your legs - finding that you've come prepared...no underwear. The tip of your cock is glistening with more pre-cum and you pulse and appear to grow larger as I gaze at your favorite tool. I have you sit in the chair again and your erection springs up and rubs your abs, no slacking for this cock.

I turn around and rub your cock's head through my folds until it reaches my clit, then back again. I do this for a few moments more, then slowly impale myself on your magnificent cock, the feel of it sliding slowly into me, as I sit backward onto your lap. Your cock rubs my g spot because of the angle at which we're joined and you can reach me in many places easily. You fill your hands with my breasts. You press them together firmly and flick my nipples, causing me to moan in ecstasy, your huge cock filling my pussy like my breasts fill your wonderfully talented hands. No one has ever made me feel the way you do, as if I could do this all day and cum all night too. I slowly rise up a little way, then slowly slide back down your hot, thick rod. I feel my juices coating the hot satin skin of your cock as you continue to roll and pinch my nipples and knead my full tits through my shirt and bra. They fascinate you, as does my clit, now hiding again. You slowly slide one hand down my smooth plump belly, wishing you could caress my bare skin, and on my next glide upwards, you smooth my skirt up so it's above my waist, baring my satin soft skin for your pleasure. Never have I been so glad I'm a woman, to give and receive so much pleasure. 

Your hands slide back under my silk shirt to unhook my bra, spilling my large and aroused breasts out into your hands. You roll my naked nipples around in your fingers, as I continue to move up and down on your now engorged cock. You lean back into the chair to further connect with my swollen g spot and increase my pleasure. You are so thoughtful, thinking of my pleasure first.

I hear my employees getting ready to leave for the day. They call out "See you Monday, Selina" and "Have a great weekend!". I manage to reply to each one with some semblance of normalcy, even though we are fucking on the other side of a thin wall. I think to myself "It's good to be the boss."

The building empties of all employees and we're finally totally alone. No one will hear anything we say or do now, unless the janitor comes in early, or someone forgot something important. That's very unlikely, but the thought of its possibility makes me even hotter.

As we continue our sensual dance, the pace of our rhythm increases so that now we are thrusting towards each other in faster and longer strokes. We can both hear the wet sucking sounds my pussy makes as your cock is pulled out, then the slapping of our bodies meeting again, your balls bouncing against my ass. As our pace increases, you slide one hand down to my pussy and find my now large and swollen clit being rubbed along and stretched out on top of your rigid and ridged cock. You look down at our joined bodies, then groan out loud and describe the sight to me. I wish I could see it and try to look down and around my shoulders or through my legs. You tell me each stroke in and out swells her ever further. We speed up towards the only possible conclusion.

Suddenly you lunge upwards and carry me over to my desk, still deep in my pussy. You stand me up on my footrest, and bend me down onto my desk. My high heels on top of the footrest help keep my round ass high up in the air so you can deeply pump my pussy without strain. As you thrust deeper and deeper into me, you use your hands to pull my firm rump into the best position for burying your huge thick length as far into my tight wet pussy as any human could thrust it. My inner muscles clench around you tightly as you bring me to climax once more, my juices dripping down my thighs now. You slow your pace now to prolong this absolutely, mind-bending orgasm for what feels like forever.

Eventually, I come back down to Earth, and you speed up again. You groan deep in your chest as you feel how wet you've made me, and press my legs closed a little to increase the delicious friction of our frantic coupling. We've gone too far to stop now. If anyone comes in, he'll get the show of his life. Your back bends backwards with every thrust, trying to get every last fraction of an inch of yourself in me. You thrust harder, then change your grip to use your hands on my shoulders to pull me back onto your cock as you thrust into my dripping pussy. You arch back farther than you've done before and shout my name out loud as your seed begins to spurt, your cock spasming and convulsing in my now throbbing pussy. As you continue to pump your still massive cock in my slit, you reach around and again rub and pull my clit until I'm writhing, reaching for that pinnacle of feeling only you have brought me. I cum, screaming the whole time "Ohhh God! Michael! I'm cuuummming. Fuck me! Fuck me hard!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh! Fuck me Michael, fuck me harder!" 

Finally it's over and we rest spooned on top of the desk, trying to regain enough strength to get dressed and go to your hotel room. The thought of what will happen there, makes my pussy flutter again. I'm surprised at how aroused I still am and wonder how we'll make it to the hotel without fucking again. Rush hour is a bitch to drive anywhere. I think that maybe we can talk to each other on our cell phones on the way over. "Talk? More likely phone sex", I think to myself.

As we leave the building, the guard tells us Michael's limo is waiting at the curb. He hands me gently into the butter-soft leather interior and the driver pulls into traffic. I get an idea about what we can do to make rush hour traffic bearable. It may change my mind forever about traffic jams.