 **Hey. This is my first submission of an erotic story. I hope you like it. Feedback is always welcome. This story is fictional and a fantasy of mine**

My office Fantasy

I had been working for the company for about 2 years. I had risen from office junior to secretary within a few months of me starting. Maybe it was my hard work and my friendly attitude that made the boss promote me so swiftly... Or it could have been my enormous tits that he kept staring at in meetings. 

The guy I am referring to in this story is a mid-twenties man who seriously turned me on. It may have been the way that he looked that made my panties get a little damp or it may have been his suits that he came moving into the office. This man used to be a reporter for a well known national newspaper however he started working for the company when I became Head Secretary. I was in his interview. He had charm and a can-do attitude back then. He still has those qualities however he doesn't seem to be so enthusiastic when others seem to be around him whereas when I go by his office to check up on work he seemed to be well organized and on top of projects. 

I am a few years younger than the guy. However I feel sometimes that I tutor him rather than him tutoring me. 

Now you know the back story of the man I can begin the sexual reality of my dreams... THAT DAY.

It was a Friday. The day that ended the week. I sat at my desk wearing a black pin striped skirt that stopped mid-thigh with some black suspenders and black heels, and a white buttoned blouse that stopped mid way to show off my enormous tits. I had been informed that morning that some more clients would be coming in for the day. A little check-up on how the business was doing. 

The guy, Josh, had been sending some emails to me asking about the projects that we had been working on, over the past 4 months, were in order and ready for the important meeting with the clients later.

To Louise Anne 

From Joshua Milton 

Subject Project....

Miss Anne

I was wondering if the project files are any good? I just hope that I didn't do anything out of turn when putting the files together.

Anything else I can help with today? You seem a little ... tense.

Joshua Milton

Head of Communications

I looked over at the files on my desk, smiling at each file in turn. I was pretty impressed with how the files were color coded and organized. I thought I would have to color code and organize it in some way. 

To Joshua Milton 

From Louise Anne 

Subject Re:Project...

Mr Milton

I am rather impressed with your file organization skills. Looks like I won't need to organize it in the way Charlie likes it after all. I am proof reading as we speak. If I have any queries I will let you know via email or come into your office.

Thanks again.

Louise Anne

Head Secretary

I looked back at the files, flipping through some files to proof read, finding a sticky note at the top of one of the files.

'I dream of fucking that wet tight pussy of yours in my office chair... let me... please? Josh. X'

What did it just say? I turn the next page to see another document with a sticky note.

'I have fantasies, Lou. You in that little skirt, that blouse of yours wide open. Those big fat tits on my desk as I lick that pretty little clit. COME!' 

The next thing I know, I have put the whole of the file project away in a draw, taking the two sticky notes and walking into Josh's office, bursting through the door. He looked up at me with his legs wide open and a smile on his face. I closed the door behind me.

'I found some notes on the documents that I thought I would need to talk to you about,' I said in my best professional tone which kinda slipped as he bit his lip, watching me. I took a deep breath and looked back at him, he looked up at me with a lustful stare.

'I hope I didn't inconvenience you when I wrote a couple of notes on the documents. I thought they needed to be said seeing as you are wearing my favorite skirt today,' he said as he walked over to me. 

I looked up at him as he stopped in my personal space, he put a finger to his lip in a thinking like way before he grabbed my waist and pulled me over to his desk. I made a slight giggle as he pushed me over to the desk. I looked up at you as my ass hit the desk. 

'Now, you are going to be a good secretary for me. I am going to tell you when I first had a fantasy about you and you Missy are gonna rub your clit for me,' he said as he sat down into his chair, looking up at me. I looked behind me to see where I could slide and sit on, I put the keyboard and mouse on top of a filing cabinet beside his desk, picking up some papers.

'Stop. I want those papers, filled with your cream so when the boss receives them he will get a smell of your pussy.' I blushed at this statement and nodded as I knew he was deadly serious. I sat on top of the desk and on top of the papers, opening my legs, my back against the wall and my finger sliding down into my black silky thong. 

'Mm... now then. I first started fantasizing about you when it was my second day working here. You had a black blouse on that was buttoned down to the middle of your chest... god don't I remember seeing that bra, it was a lacy black one. And god I love lace... and some longish skirt that was a navy blue with some black heels. I went to the photocopy room where you were located at the time, your beautiful arse was hanging out as something got jammed in the copier. You said you was sorry without even looking up at me, I smiled at you, I thought it was sweet you know. Gorgeous, voluptuous woman making excuses without even looking at me until you turned and our eyes met. I introduced myself and you introduced yourself. I wanted to see what was on underneath that skirt you know. I wanted to bend you over right there and then, pull your skirt up and just feel that juicy arse of yours.'

I had rubbed my clit a little faster half way through his story telling. He never took his eyes away from my face.

'Rub that pussy beautiful,' he said as he stood up and walked over to my desk, he put his hands onto the desk. I continued to rub my clit for him, he smiled at me. 'Now, take that hand out.' I did as I was told, he looked at my two fingers with lustful eyes. He held my two fingers for a second before he put his mouth and tongue all over my fingers, licking and sucking onto my juices. I gasped and bit my lip as he did this. This is a major turn on for me. 

'Oh wow,' he said as he took my fingers away, he maneuvered my legs so he could pull my thong off, he put it into his drawer. 'I need a souvenir, Lou. I really do. Those juices taste so divine. I've wanted you for so god damn long.' 

'I've wanted you since I saw you in that interview room. You had on this black suit with a white shirt and a black tie. You looked over at me a few times but nothing seemed to register at that point. I really wanted to walk over to you and introduce myself but I was a little shy back then and I guess I still am but I wanted to make you feel comfortable, you know a massage anything for just a touch or a smell of you.'

'You should have come over. I'm sure I would have registered you more thoroughly knowing that you had given me a little massage to help my tension. Now then Miss. Little. Or are you married now?'He asked as he unbuttoned his shirt, showing off a bit of his 4 pack body. I smiled in response of his body, he smiled back at me. 

'No I am not married.'

'Good because I wouldn't want to satisfy someone elses wife when I've been chasing her for such a long time now, can I?'

'You could do but that would be very unfair on your part.'

'It would baby, it would. Now you are going to sit in my chair.'

He helped me up from the desk and pushed me back into his chair, he got down onto his knees and spread my legs open. He blew down onto my pussy and looked up at me.

'I've been wanting this beautiful pussy for so long, are you going to allow me to make it feel oh so good baby?' he said as he rubbed my clit with his right hand, middle finger.

'Mm hmm, please make me feel so good,' I replied. He smiled up at me, removing his finger and moving his face to my clit, licking it 3 times before stopping and putting a finger inside my slit. I gasped in his seat as he began to penetrate my pussy. He moaned quietly as he continued to lick on my clit, moving his tongue faster for a few seconds then slowing down, putting in another finger and started moving them in and out of my slit, making me hold onto the chair, my head falling back and my moaning getting louder.

'Gonna make the whole of the office jealous with your moans baby. Mm hmm. This pussy tastes better than I would have ever imagined.' 

He moved away from my pussy, standing up and removing his trousers showing me that his huge cock was bulging out of his boxers, I got down onto my knees in front of you, looking up into his eyes before he pulled his boxers down. I smiled at the size of it. 8-9 inches right in front of me. I kissed his balls before I slid my tongue up and down his shaft, looking up into his eyes. He smiled at me, running a hand through my hair. I sucked onto the tip of his cock, making him moan this time. I giggled up at him as I heard him moan. I love knowing that a guy is enjoying the blow job as much as I am. I licked and sucked onto his tip, trying to fit all of him inside my mouth which I could only carry 4-5 inches inside my tiny mouth. 

'Don't worry baby. You're doing a fucking amazing job. Best blowjob I've had in years,' he said as he continued to rub my hair and my neck as I looked up at him, licking and sucking onto his cock, licking down to his balls. 

'Get up Lou, get onto this desk for me,' he said as he backed away from me. I stood up and hiked my skirt up around my waist, settling onto the desk once again. He walked over to me, rubbing his cock, slapping it onto my clit, spitting down onto my clit, pushing his cock inside my tight pussy. I let out a little moan as he pushed all of his cock inside, he began pumping it in and out of my pussy.

'Ohhh fuck, baby. Mm hmm fuck this pussy harder,' I moaned as he began fucking my pussy with his monster tool. His balls began to slap against my big thighs as he plunged me harder and faster. He ripped the buttons of my blouse off, he had a huge smile on his face.

'Look at those beauties,' he said as one of his hand held onto my right tight and his other hand holding onto my left thigh. Our moans beginning to get louder as we both begin to reach our climax. He stops and pulls me to my feet, sitting down into his chair.

'Reverse cowgirl baby. I wanna see that juicy arse bouncing on my cock!' 

Didn't have to tell me twice, I positioned my pussy over his cock, facing the wall, I began pumping my pussy over his big cock, holding onto his desk for support as I continued to drill myself onto his cock. He spanked my arse 4 times before he rubbed my arse, making it jiggle.

'Oh fuck baby, cum for me baby, cum over this big cock, baby, baby, promise me you'll cum over it,' he moaned as I my thrusts went deeper and harder. This encouragement made my movement faster and a lot harder than before, making my pussy contract and begin to spasm all over his cock.

'OHHHH BABY I'M CUMMING FOR YOU. OH FUCK, YES BABY, CUMMING ALL OVER YOUR BIG COCK!' Just as I coming back from my ecstasy but not stopping my movement I felt Josh cumming inside me.

'OHHHH FUCK ME TOO BABY. OHHHHHHHHH.'

I slid off of his cock and turned around to him. He smiled at me.

'Oh wow. Same time tomorrow?' he asked.

Maybe.