 I've had criticisms about the character having 46 DDDs, and being a cow. Guess what, I AM a 46 DDD. Thank you for the compliment. 

*

Further tales of me and Eli.

It must have been about 6 am when we heard pounding on the door. Eli had had enough of a presence of mind to lock the bedroom door when he slipped into bed last night. I was suddenly glad. I was on my hands and knees with tears pouring down my face as Eli pounded from me behind. My tears were of ecstasy, it felt so good. He'd told me he knew of a technique that hit that g-spot deep within me. He stopped moving as he answered the kids through the door. "Yes, honey?"

"Daddy, can we watch tv?" came the little voice of his young daughter. I groaned, knowing where this was going. "Are you hurting Katie." I buried my face in the pillow under my elbows and stifled a laugh. 

"Yes, honey, go ahead and watch television. No, I'm not hurting Katie. She's just fine."

"What are you doing?" the voice insisted.

"Something you'll understand when you're older," he replied. "And hopefully married," he muttered under his breath.

"Okay," the little voice piped up again. Silence soon reigned and I picked my face up off the pillow and wiggled my hips. He was still hard and I wanted him to finish. He slapped my bare backside with his hand and resumed his pounding. We both soon came and collapsed forward, him on top of me. He kissed my shoulder.

"So, do you want to go steady?" Eli asked. I laughed and eased my way out from under him. I grabbed my gear and headed for the master bathroom. I washed the smell of sex off my body and couldn't help but daydream about last night. I exited the shower and found himself standing there watching me. "Could you wait to get dressed. I love nothing more than to watch a woman getting dressed, well, almost nothing more," he asked with a wicked grin.

When he returned from his shower I was starting my dance with the pantyhose. He laughed as I finished pulling them up my legs and started hopping around to get the crotch up into place. I picked up my bra and put it on, it was a front loader and he watched me hook it up in front. I pulled my green dress and strappy high heels out of my bag. He finished watching me dress and he turned toward his dresser to pull out his own clothes. He dressed in his Sunday best as well.

We exited the bedroom and rounded up the kids, I herded them into their room and got them dressed while he fixed breakfast. We came out all spit and polished as he delivered bacon, eggs, and hash browns. He was a good cook! We met up with my Mom and his ex-wife at church. All went well until everyone heard across the rectory grounds, "So you fuck the babysitter under the same roof as our children?!"

My Mom turned and looked at me sharply, she took my hand and we hurried over to where the conversation was taking place, "Look what I do behind a closed and locked door is none of your business." Eli replied softly.

"How old is she? Sixteen? Fifteen?!"

"Eighteen, actually," my mother replied acerbically. Eli's ex whirled around to face us. Her face fell.

"I'm sorry, my brother died and I just. At least you had enough presence of mind to lock the door," she mumbled and ran off. 

My mother looked at us, "Okay, Katie, you're a grown woman, I can't tell you no. Don't do it under my roof, okay? If you get her pregnant, provide for them!"

Eli put up his hands, "Yes ma'am."

She chewed her lip as she looked at the two of us, "If your grades suffer, this relationship ends. I don't care that you're eighteen. You're still in high school, and you need to get into college." That hit home, I was a B and C student, never a failing grade, but I was never more than average. I nodded my head. Then I took off, I needed to talk to Eli's ex, Tiffany. Something else was going on other than my sleeping with her ex and her brother being gone.

I found her behind the church building itself, watching children play on the playground, "Tiff, what's wrong?"

She grabbed my hand and took me to another part of the grounds, "I was diagnosed with ovarian cancer last Thursday, stage four. I start Chemo on Monday, please, be good to my kids," she finished that with throwing her arms around me.

"You should tell Eli," I started.

She stopped me, "No, not yet. The kids adore you, be good to them, whether or not you become their Stepmother." I promised her that I would. 

Eli came home with us, and surprised my Mom as he sat down at the kitchen table next to me as I pulled out my school books. I was really struggling with Chemistry. He kept a respectful distance as he helped me work out the formulas. I wasn't terrible at math, it was working out how each formula worked with each step of the way. I found myself actually being able work out each problem by myself without his help. My mother was so impressed that she actually invited him to stay for dinner.

Needless to say I walked out of my Chemistry test on Wednesday with a 94. My mother was so impressed that she didn't say anything except, "Don't forget your books," and I left with Eli on Friday.