 It was the perfect room for the start of an affair. Big, bright and beautiful with views across Park Lane to Hyde Park it was the perfect accompaniment to the meal, our circumstances and our desires and the most wonderful contradiction to the sordid fumblings we'd had in the woods and in our cars.

"Oh Jack it's beautiful," I whispered as we glided into each other's arms.

We were both tense with expectancy but relaxed with the confidence that we'd both now made the 'ungoable' back commitment to fully consummate our affair. My body was tingling with the anticipation of so many things. 

I wanted to be naked against Jack. 

I wanted to feel my bare breasts against his nicely hairy, firm and fit tanned chest. 

I wanted his hands to roam uninhibitedly over my body visiting any place he wished and giving any stimulation he wanted to any part of me.

I wanted to hold his erection, feel its warmth, strength, heat and press its hardness against me. 

I wanted us to make oral love to each other individually and together.

But most of all I wanted Jack inside me. Every sinew in my body, every thought in my mind and every nerve end throughout me was attuned to that one thing. Him accepting the invitation I would extend to him to make full, complete and total love to me.

Our mouths pressed together as we stood in the centre of the ludicrously expensive central London bedroom, I felt him growing against my tummy until he was hard and fully erect. He pushed forward confidently and I squirmed back in that sort of pre fuck dance of such erotic promise that lovers enjoy.

I felt him undoing the zip on the back of my dress and sliding it down. He pushed the arms and I shrugged my shoulders so that the top of it slid off me and started to slither down my body. We parted slightly to allow the dress to complete its journey to lie in a black pool around my feet on the floor. I felt so good. I felt wanton and wanted, lusted for and loved, needed and nurtured and so many other marvellously exciting and enticing things as well. 

Being semi-naked or in my underwear with a fully dressed man has always been a big turn on for me. I have no idea why. I am, though, a believer in democracy in the bedroom and equally enjoy being fully dressed with my partner naked. Although by no means being dominating or having the need to always direct and control proceedings I do need to play an equal part in everything. And that's both in the build-up and the actual act itself. I feel fully franchised to do so and I gain the most pleasure when it really is completely two-way.

Just stand there a moment," I whispered easing myself out of his arms. Let me undress you?"

"Oh God Cat," he moaned as he saw clearly for the first time what I was wearing. The strappy high heeled shoes and black stockings. The black silk thong. The lacy, slightly too tight suspender belt and the completely see through, black net bra that had the added feature, that had driven Richard wild the first time I'd worn one like it, of having the clasp nestling suggestively in my cleavage at the front. So much easier for men to undo I always think.

Feeling so full of love for him and lusting so much for his body I started to undo the buttons on his shirt as I planted little kisses all over his face. The shirt undone I pushed the collar and the shirtsleeves down so that he was held as if in a straight-jacket. Kissing him full on the lips and pressing my breasts against his bare chest I snarled.

"At last I've got you where I want you. Trussed up and powerless."

Smiling he replied.

"Then do with me what you will."

"Oh baby," I whimpered. "I will, I will."

"And what do you want to do Cat?" He asked thrusting his wonderfully hard but unfortunately still hidden erection right against my pubic mound the shape and size of which were accentuated by the thin, black material clinging to it like a second skin.

"You know that. You know what I want."

"Tell me, tell me I want to hear you say it."

"I want us to make love."

"Yes but more, say more" he said as his somewhat restricted hands met mine on his belt and zip.

"How, why, what do you mean?" I stammered as between us we slid his black socks off so that he stood before me naked apart from his black boxers and his open shirt that was draped from his arms.

Now if being naked or half undressed when my lover is still dressed is a turn on for me the reverse I find even more stimulating. So with my soon to be lover in my arms nearly naked and me in my underwear I felt amazingly wanton and incredibly turned on. Is it a power thing, maybe a touch of exhibitionism or possibly just teasing? I don't know but I felt marvellous, relaxed, confident, assured, ready and so fucking horny that I said out loud.

"I want you to fuck me Jack."

As in that film with Tom Cruise, Gerry Malone, he said. "Louder."

And with the silliness of aroused lovers I almost shouted.

"I want you to fuck me." 

"Yes" he joined in as loud as me. "I want to fuck you Cat and I'm going to fuck you."

And fuck me he did. And fuck him I did and together we fucked and fucked and fucked that early summer afternoon and evening away.

Without another word we looked at each other and he slid his boxers down as I pushed my black, silk panties down my stocking covered legs.

"Lay on the bed darling," I murmured standing beside it with one knee resting on it as I leered at his gorgeously naked and magnificently rampant body. He really did look fantastic. Of course I'd seen parts of his body many times, but I'd never seen all of it at the same time. People that have affairs and are forced to use cars or woods for their lovemaking rarely have the luxury of total nudity. But when in the peace and seclusion of a hotel room they do have that luxury and I now had the opportunity to ogle at just what I'd been missing.

Jack was over six feet and had a lean, athletic looking body with nicely defined but not overly bulky muscles. He had a slight tan having had a week in Egypt with his wife and kids at Easter and where he'd worn his shorts there were strips of white that looked slightly ridiculous really. He has long, slender legs, long distance runners legs not those of a sprinter. A fair sprinkle of hairs stretch down his tuned chest and over his very flat tummy to sprout out into a nice mass of light brown pubic hair. Bursting out of that upwards was his cock that I can only describe as being beautiful. It wasn't overly long or thick but just right. It was pleasantly pink and not verging on the almost brown of some men. He wasn't circumcised so he had the space ship shape with the tip of it tapering to almost a point where the ruffled edge of his foreskin was strained against the bulbous purple of his gland. Hanging downward, lying on his slightly opened thighs were his balls. From my, fairly limited, experience I felt he had a large scrotum. It stretched downward some way and seemed full and bloated. I could just imagine cupping it and feeling his balls in my hands. I adore that feeling. The feel of a man's balls in my hands. Rolling them around and gently and carefully squeezing them. Kissing them, licking them and then slowly sucking one then the other and perhaps then both into my mouth. I sometimes wonder if the buzz and pleasure men get from our breasts is similar to what we get from their balls?

Wordlessly looking at each other we prepared to make love. To go all the way in the breaking of our marriage commitments. To finalise our sexual unfaithfulness to our longer term partners the mother and the father of our children. 

As Jack lay there naked his fingertips resting on and slowly stroking his cock and as my, slightly shaking, fingers fumbled with the front fastener of my bra so all those thoughts once more went through me as I imagined they did him as well. But this time there was nothing sordid about it. This time it didn't feel wrong. This time we weren't fumbling guiltily in the back of a car, but instead we were in the palatial luxury of one of London's top hotels. This time everything felt perfect. 

I undid the clasp and more slowly than was really necessary I rolled the net cups of the bra off each orb and away from me so that my blood-red, tipped breasts were bared for my lover. 

"Oh Cat they look fabulous" he sighed rolling across the bed and reaching out for me.

"Oh no not yet baby" I smiled rolling my boobs together loving both the feel of that and the look of almost adoration on his face. I went to unclip the stockings from the suspender belt. Jack said quite loudly.

"No way Cat, keep both that and the stockings on, they look fantastic."

I wasn't too worried that the stockings might get laddered for along with a couple of pairs of spare panties I had brought some tights just in case.

He'd told me many times that he was an unabashed tit man and it was those that had physically been the strongest initial appeal of me to him. I'd asked about his wife who he'd said had been around 34 C all of their marriage so he was well experienced and quite adept at "boobplay," unlike men with flat-chested wives seem to be, or so I'm told!!

Things moved faster after that. One super exciting event took place and unfolded rapidly into another with more pace. The time for a slow, gentle and languid build up had passed. It was long gone and what was needed now was an enthusiastic and energetic coupling. A fairly quick consumation of our love affair. All the longing and pent up desire, the anticipation and expectancy of this moment exploded simultaneously in both of us.

I was on the bed in his arms. His hands were on my breasts and all over my body. Mine stroked his chest, fondled the cheeks of his magnificent arse and grasped his pulsating erection that I now so desperately wanted to have inside me. Jack sucked my breasts and bit tantalisingly so perfectly on my swollen, aching nipples as his fingers circled my clitoris and ran round my soaked lips.

We both knew that the moment was near. Our bodies and minds told us that and had been tuned into it. Slowly he rolled me onto my back. Gently he lay on top of me the pressure of his legs urging mine apart. He eased himself into that wonderfully erotic position where his erection was pressed firmly against my pubic bone and the slightest movement sent the most exquisite sensations through me. And like the considerate and adept lover he was he made frequent such movements.

"Make love to me now Jack," I sighed as he raised himself up and rested on one elbow his other hand producing a condom still in its packet.

"No my darling, not with that. I want to feel you, I want you inside me naked and bare."

"Oh Cat yes" he said sounding pleased and grateful.

And then with a shrug of his body he was between my thighs, the tip, of his cock was nuzzling against me as we kissed and roamed our hands over the other's body.

I could feel my lips opening for him. I could feel my body opening and my mind expanding as if his cock was an LSD tablet as slowly he eased himself between them. 

"Now, now" I moaned already in the early stages of an orgasm.

"What do you want me to do darling," he teased.

"Make love to me."

"Oh God Cat, I've so wanted to hear those words at a time when I could do just that."

"And I've so wanted to say them to you Jac," I moaned as again our opened mouths met in a deep and so passionate kiss.

Can there be anything more erotic and sexy for a woman than to be in her lover's arms, with her hands running up and down his back and onto his bum as they kiss and as he starts to slide his erection into her? If there is then I haven't found it, but I did find that most erotic and sexy experience in that hotel room lying on the huge double bed with Jack.

Slowly at first. So wonderfully slowly he edged the bulbous uncircumcised knob end of his penis into me. My lips opened so easily and so welcomingly for him. They wrapped themselves around him. Cosseting and cuddling him they urged him to go further. And Jack knew exactly how far and how fast he should go. Smooth as silk he slid himself into me giving me such wondrous sensations as inch by inch he filled me. Filled me it felt to overflowing although, in all truthfulness, he wasn't that large, just superbly average I smiled as I revelled in the feelings he was causing. The feelings that were both emotional and physical. But for me, thankfully, the emotions I experienced as his erection probed to its deepest inside me, did not include, guilt or doubt, remorse or concerns as I'd dreaded they might when I'd pictured this scene in my mind so many times since we'd agreed on the hotel venue. No the emotions I felt, were excitement, anticipation, relief, that at last we were doing it, desire for more and one other. The one that in many ways I most dreaded. The one that I knew would be the most difficult to come to terms with and the hardest to handle. Yes, as Jack's tongue plunged as deeply, it seemed, into my widely opened mouth as his cock was up my cunt my mind and heart were becoming overwhelmed with love for him. I knew that as the insides of my vagina revelled in the sensations he was causing the last vestiges of my resistance to falling in love with him simply fell apart.

"Oh God, yes Jack, yes, yes, yes," I moaned my head rolling from side to side.

"This is fantastic darling" he grunted now starting to pump himself in and out of me his legs gliding easily over the black nylon in which my legs were encased. 

He was superb. Long, slow, deep thrusts. Surges into me that pressed the hilt of his penis firmly against my clitoris then slithering outwards until only the bulbous end was in me. In and out. Up and down and back and forth. All the time we were kissing and whimpering remarks to each other. All the time we were adding to our pleasures by using our hands. All the time we caressed each other and all the time we squirmed our bodies together. 

But all the time makes it sound a long time. And it may well have been, although after we finished I realised it had been less than ten minutes between me taking my panties off and my orgasm subsiding after we'd made such wondrous love. What a ten minutes that was though. They really were ten minutes that changed our lives. It was a bit like being in a fog of intense feelings, a dream or being hypnotised. It was a bit like smoking a joint for the first time or being nearly drunk. And I suppose in a way I was drunk. Not on alcohol but on sex and love.

"Cat I'm starting" he said considerately and with a worried tone to his voice.

"Yes Jack cum" I stammered back finding it hard to breath let alone talk so extreme were the sensations from my orgasm. "I am as well."

And truly, the bells did ring out, the orchestra did play, probably the 1812 overture or the Bolero, the fireworks exploded and the earth most certainly did move for us both. It was psychedelic, mesmeric and absolutely fucking angelic as he thrust himself in and out of me quickly and forcibly several times. And then ramrod stiff and straight he held his cock in me as far as it would go, gripped the cheeks of my bum with both hands and with a series of really deep moans and grunts he came. The explosion of his feelings and the spurting of his cum into me coincided with the top of my head being blown off and my tits exploding with the pressure transmitted to them from my clitoris that had grown to what seemed inches long.

"Oh thank you, thank you, thank you, darlin," I groaned licking and kissing has face.

"No don't say that, don't say thank you it should me saying that" he retorted licking my neck and chest and breasts before his head fell onto my shoulder.

We lay like that for ages. His cock slowly deflated and slid almost out of me but still he didn't move and still we remained in each other's arms occasionally giving the other small kisses or gentle caresses. It was as near perfection as sex can be I thought as he lifted his face up and looked me directly in the eye holding my head in his hands.

"Cat, I feel oh I don't know" he whispered softly.

"Oh Jack I know," I replied perhaps somewhat ambitiously. "I know darling."

"Do you Cat, do you really feel the same."

"Yes darling" I smiled lovingly kissing his lips as I whispered. "Jack I think I've fallen in love with you."

He almost laughed as he sighed back. "Oh Cat yes, yes, so have I."

"Not with yourself" I replied joining in the laughter with him. "But having said that you deserve to when you make love like that darling" I went on kissing him and pressing my pubic mound against his now flaccid penis.

We kissed again deeply and lovingly sort of rejoicing in the fact that we'd now revealed our innermost thoughts to the other. We chatted about the things that I guess are normal with two people who've just declared their love for each other. We had the 'I didn't know if you felt the same' sort of conversation. 

At last he rolled off me and we lay side by side unashamedly naked our arms round each other as we relaxed and became very at ease with the situation. All other considerations seemed to vanish. Nothing outside this room, well not even that, the bed really, seemed to matter. The bed was our world, our domain, our natural habitat as both of us cast everything else to one side. 

All the worries about committing adultery and being unfaithful seemed to pall into insignificance when compared to the fact that we loved each other.

All the doubts and concerns, the 'should we or shouldn't we's?, had been answered in such a powerful fashion by the sheer intensity of the orgasm we'd shared.

We laughed and joked about how wonderful it was carefully, though, not touching on the future. Now wasn't the time for that. Now was the time for now, not then. Now was for us not for thinking of others. Now was for our bodies and enjoying them. Now was for us to take our lovemaking onto the inevitable new heights we both wanted.

And we did.

We showered together making the most exquisite and tender, but as always when in water, exciting love imaginable. I felt so utterly decadent standing naked in the huge shower cubicle. I was leaning forward supporting myself with my hands on the tiled wall, with the water pouring over my body making it glisten as Jack made love to me from behind. I love being fucked from the rear. The penetration seems deeper and often the feelings are more intense. With Jack I started with my legs open so allow him easy access, but as he started slithering up and down inside me so I closed my legs, that intensifies the feelings. As we both got near so I actually, almost unknowingly, crossed my legs increasing the pressure on Jack's erection and accentuating the feelings in my pussy. As we both climaxed we slid to the floor. At first we lay there sighing, softly moaning and stroking each other, but then as the amazing sensations subsided we started giggling. It was a magical moment.

We had room service with me hiding embarrassed in the bathroom when the waiter delivered the trays. He must, I thought, have smelled sex in the room but of course he said nothing pocketing the fiver Jack gave him with the ease and speed of a professional at being in embarrassing situations.

Dressed in the wonderful, fluffy, white robes supplied by the hotel we sat around drinking tea and nibbling on the sandwiches and bits and bobs they'd sent up as their afternoon snack. We'd ordered wine but we were both loath to drink too much for as I put my watch back on after showering I saw that it was still only five thirty and realised with an eager shudder that we could be in this room for at least another four hours and we didn't want to spoil the lovemaking by having too much booze did we?

It was all highly romantic. It was tender loving and very, very erotic. And with no doubt whatsoever it was more than sex. Much, much more.
