 I don't know exactly what I expected to happen, but it was perfectly clear to me now that it would be impossible for me to focus on anything but her anytime I was in this room. To make matters worse, there she was, sitting right across from me. She had one long leg crossed over the other, swinging slightly, her high heel barely dangling as her eyes seemed intently focused on the webinar slides being shown on the projection screen. 

We weren't alone, far from it in fact, as other company vice presidents and department managers had filed into this the conference room to get in their required training before the year was out. I needed this training too, but it was impossible for me to pull my eyes away from her to look at the screen. I wasn't sure if anyone else was noticing my intense focus on her, but I couldn't contain it and I didn't really care. 

My mind undressed her, peeling off her tight black shirt and lacy bra to reveal her perfect breasts, each adorned with a perfectly-sized little brown nipple. Those nipples were made to be pressed into my chest, my palms, and between my lips. I looked up from her amazing display of cleavage just long enough to catch her catch me staring at her. She smiled and looked back at the screen. I traced her long legs in those tight black pants, thinking about the times I had been sitting back, loosening my tie, as she slowly slid them down over her thighs, revealing her tanned toned legs that always looked amazing wrapped around me.

I picked up my phone and composed a text message, trying to hide it from anyone behind me in the room that might accidentally see. "I need to fuck you," it said, nothing more. I pressed send.

Seconds later, she picked up her phone from her lap and looked at the screen, uncrossing and recrossing her legs as she did so. I had made her squirm, and that was my intent. By the end of this slide show I wanted her panties wet and her dirty mind focused solely on my cock. She typed out a reply message, not looking up at me, and then sat her phone back down on her lap. I picked up my phone. I had kept in on silent with the idea that I might be getting sext messages during this training, and I didn't want anyone but me and her to be be the wiser. 

I looked at the screen. "I'm ready. I can't stop thinking about your cock and how it feels in me. It's incredible."

My mind instantly flashed back to the day it became abundantly clear that I was going to fuck her. We had flirted at work for months, with borderline comments and innocent touches when she came into my office to ask me a question or to ask me to review a file. At that point, I was still trying to convince myself that it shouldn't happen. I was married, she was living with someone, and we worked together every day. This was a complete and utter recipe for disaster I told myself again and again. But it was unavoidable. The sexual tension and attraction was impossibly strong and always there. It fully surfaced during a business trip that she took to Arizona. I was looking for an opportunity to be alone with her when this trip had come up. I tried to find a way to travel with her and help with the audit, but the client didn't want to send more than one person to such a small assignment. I told her the week before the trip that I had really wanted to go with her to help her out and make sure that everything was handled. 

The second night she was there, I was sitting a dinner with my wife when I got the first of what would be many inappropriate texts from her over the next year or so. Inappropriate texts that I welcomed, and returned in kind. "You promised to help," it said "and I really need some help handling some things here." I didn't understand it at first and was about to text her back when a picture suddenly popped up. I could tell right away what it was, but I clicked on picture and some of the most perfect tits I have every seen filled the screen. Her hand was cupping one, the other was sorely in need of mine. I was a little shocked and instantly hard. I couldn't believe I was staring at those breasts that I had been trying to visualize for so long under those tight shirts of hers. They were hypnotizing. 

"What's that?" my wife asked from across the table.

"Oh just a work e-mail," I said, deleting the picture and shoving the phone back in my pocket. "You know how it is, someone always needs me."

"I wish they would leave you alone, you deserve to at least eat dinner in peace." she smiled at me.

I excused myself from the table shortly thereafter and replied to her text on the way to the restroom, "Fuck, I knew I should have found a way to come with you. You look so fucking hot."

She immediately replied back, "Oh, you can still cum with me. I'm gonna cum for you really soon."

I couldn't believe it. For the past few months I had not been able to think about much more than when and where I could fuck this incredibly sexy girl that I worked with every day and tonight she was telling me that she was going to cum. For me. I was finding it impossible to hide the growing erection in my pants. Fortunately for me it was cold outside and the sweater I was wearing was helping to hide my bulge.

I had just settled down a little, getting ready to leave the restroom and rejoin my wife when another picture text came though. This time I saw her legs spread and her soaked fingers pulling apart the lips of the prettiest little pussy I had ever laid eyes on. I could tell by the way her fingers were glistening that she had just coated them with her cum. At that point I wanted to run back into the nearest stall and stroke my throbbing erection until I unloaded all over her pussy and all over my phone. Reason prevailed however. I couldn't ruin a new phone and I couldn't keep my wife waiting. Unfortunately for me, I'd have to wait to join her in cumming.

A cough from behind me snapped me back to reality. I looked back down at my phone and the text, then back at her. She was looking at me again, first in my eyes to ensure I saw her, then slowly moving her eyes down to my crotch and subtly licking her lips. Fuck she was hot.

"I'm going to fuck you," I typed "right here again, on this table."

As I pressed send I was hoping that along with sending the text, my smart phone might read my thoughts and make everyone else in the room vanish. There should be an app for that. I needed it, I needed her immediately. I needed to close the door behind her just like the first time I called her to a meeting in this room. 

It had been in a training much like this one that I first noticed the vacant building across the street, the large blinds, the lock on the door, and the large wooden conference table that would look complete with her naked form splayed across it. I booked the room for a meeting the following week, and she was the only other invitee. I got there early and set up the computer to play an archived presentation and waited for her to walk through the door. 

When she did, I grabbed her around the waist, closing and locking the door behind her while I slid my other hand down the back of her pants and over her ass. I pressed my lips on hers. We didn't have much time, and I didn't want to waste any. She was on the same page and slid to her knees immediately, unbuckling my belt and unzipping my pants to release my rapidly hardening cock. It wasn't long before she had it out of my pants and in her hands and then between her full lips. I pulled her long black hair into a makeshift ponytail and held it tightly as I fucked her mouth. It was on fire and her lips felt incredible locked tightly on my cock. I could have easily cum just like that, but I wanted, no, I needed to be inside her. 

I pulled her up, sliding off her pants and her panties in one motion. She stepped back and removed them from her feet while I let my pants drop to the floor, my erection finally fully free and pulsing with anticipation to push into that hot little pussy. I picked her up and sat her on the edge of the conference room table, putting her legs up on my shoulders. I took my cock in my hand and smacked it against her wet pussy lips several times before running my head slowing up and down, teasing her.

"Tell me you need this dick," I said to her. "I want to hear you say you need me to fuck you like a little slut right here in the office."

"You know I fucking need it," she said, looking back up at me with her dark eyes full of lust, "I'm your slut and I need you to fuck me."

I couldn't wait to push my cock back inside that pussy of hers. By that time, we had been fucking for months, and each time had been hotter than the last. She routinely covered me in her cum, having powerful orgasm after powerful orgasm on me, under me, and wrapped around me before I would empty my cum deep inside her. It was without question the best sex either of us had had in a very long time. I usually took her back to her place or to a hotel during lunch where we would fuck for an hour straight, but it had been a while and I had to be inside her, I couldn't wait.

I grabbed her hands and pulled her towards me, impaling her on me after guiding my cock between her lips. This part felt so fucking good, every single time. The slow push inside her after not feeling her squeeze my cock for a week or more. I pulled back out of her slowly just so I could feel it all over again. I loved entering her. Her pussy was like a hot vice and it enveloped my cock perfectly. I couldn't imagine not being inside her, it consumed most of my thoughts. I leaned forward, my shoulders pushing her legs back and my cock pushing deep inside her as she looked up at me and smiled. This is what we had both needed and we were both at the point of desperation. Yes, it was crazy, and if we were caught we would both be immediately fired, no questions asked. At that point, it was clear that neither of us cared about anything else but me marking her with my cum right there in the conference room. 

I fucked her hard and fast, knowing that time was short and that the conference room was right next to the break room where loads of people would be congregating for their afternoon breaks relatively soon. As my thrusts grew stronger, the table begin to creak ever so slightly, and I grabbed and pressed down on it to keep it from making any loud sounds as I continued to fuck her hard. I felt my cum building inside my rock hard cock and knew I couldn't hold out much longer. I felt her pussy squeezing me, soaking me and I knew that the intensity of the moment had made her cum quickly too. I pushed deep inside her and grabbed her bouncing breasts and squeezed them hard as I dumped a huge load of my cum inside her. I kept pushing deeper inside her, wanting more and I kept cumming. I thought I was never going to stop, but I finally gave out just as she finished up a second orgasm on me. It felt incredible. I leaned over and kissed her before helping her up. We cleaned up and got dressed and left the conference room like nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Just another day and another meeting. A meeting that would need to be placed on my calendar permanently from now on.

"I want to thank each of you for your time and if you submitted a question look for it to be answered in the FAQs e-mailed later this week."

The change to a new voice over the speakers brought me back to reality again just as the webinar was ending. My colleagues in the room were moving around, gather their things to leave the room. I couldn't. My mind had been focused on her and on me in her and the evidence was still straining tall against my suit pants. I sat there, pretending to take notes as everyone else got up to leave the room. She looked at me, smiling, as the last of our co-workers made it out the door. 

"Anything worth remembering?" she said, as I finally dropped the farce of making notes.

"I was just thinking how perfect your ankles look wrapped in my hands." I looked at her, our eyes locked. It seems like time stopped and our we devoured each other without a single touch. 

It was clear we both wanted the same exact thing. Then she slowly stood up and walked over towards the door. We both had to get back to work. People would be missing us soon. I watched her ass the whole time, remembering how it looked in the mirror, how it felt on my hands those many times we had fucked over the past year. She was so fucking hot, I was going to have to fuck her again soon. It had been too long, and I was literally starving for her. I stood up to follow her out just as she closed the door and pushed the lock.

"Where do you think you're going," she said, slipping out of her heels and then out of her pants. "I've been thinking about your cock inside me this whole damn training. I need it now."

She walked over to me and loosened my tie, putting her arms around my neck, as she leaned in to kiss me. I picked her up, my hands wrapped under her thighs, her wrapping her legs around me. I walked her over to the conference table, sitting her on the edge again, just like before, lifting her shirt over her head and throwing it over in the corner of the room. I was fairly certain that there was another meeting I was late for, but at that moment I could have cared less. Nothing mattered excepting getting past her soaked panties and into my pussy. I moved her panties to the side pulled my pants down enough to pull out my already hard cock. 

"You've been a naughty little slut, teasing me all meeting with those legs of yours and that fucking cleavage. I'm gonna to fuck you like a little whore now, right here on this table. I know exactly what you need."

I couldn't wait any longer, I had to claim her again and I shoved my cock deep in her pussy, hearing her moan and seeing her bite her lip as I reached my spot inside her. She wrapped her legs around my waist, pulling me into her as I leaned down and buried my face in her chest. I fucked her hard and fast and deep. There was no foreplay, no words, this time it was just about me owning my fucking pussy and knowing she was fucking loving it. She did, and she came all over me, soaking my cock, gripping it tightly from inside, just before I pulled her off the table and onto her knees. She took my cock in her mouth just as I began to fill it with cum. 

"Don't waste a drop good girl," I said, "you better swallow all that cum." 

And swallow it she did, and then cleaned me off completely, making sure to lick and suck off all her sweet cum before helping me to stuff my cock back into my pants. She pulled on her shirt and her pants and we straightened up just in time to get out of the room before the next meeting was scheduled there. We both walked out to the elevator to head back to our respective floors. 

"When's the next training," she said with a smile when the doors closed.

"I don't know," I said, "but I'm not sure I can wait that long, boss."

The doors opened and she stepped off the elevator, looking back and me and giving me a little wink before making her way back to her big corner office.