 The hike was long, but well worth it. As I came around the last corner, I was anticipating a warm shower and quite times. It was almost a 10 mile hike from where I had left the truck and no one I knew of knew about this hot spring. 

I had found it one day while I was hunting, it is down in this little valley far off the beaten track and no roads, lakes or rivers, around for miles. Just this small stream that I had followed just because it was late fall when I stumbled across it and it hadn't frozen over. I found it strange that in late November with the temperature close to 10 degree's Fahrenheit the water was flowing. It isn't much of a stream, only two feet wide and maybe 3 inches deep. But the water wasn't cold. It wasn't exactly warm either and I had found the whole thing strange, so I had followed it upstream.

What I found was spectacular! Small hanging valley, only a few acres in size, nicely protected by the surrounding hills and trees. There was a pond, maybe the size of a large Olympic swimming pool, a small beach (maybe 10x20) with a stream that fell down a steep mountain side. About 40 feet up the cliff the water came down from I noticed that the stream was not much more than a trickle. Turns out that at this point a hot spring joined that trickle of water and created a wonderful warm, natural shower.

Now, I was about to enjoy 4 days with no phones, no questions and most of all no noise other than what the forest provided. I was going to spend my long weekend in Heaven!

I had never told even my best friend about this place and did not want to at this point. 

It was all mine. I had just signed the final papers at the court house last week giving me a 99 year recreational lease on the 80 acres surrounding this place. I had improvements that I needed to do but this weekend was all about relaxing!

I walked onto the sand of the beach and looked around trying to decide were to pitch my tent. The waterfall was off to my right and the little beach directly in front of me. Further past that was a small field and to my left was my pond. I decided to go off at a 45 degree angle and camp under the tall pine tree that would offer more protection if it rained.

As I dropped my pack to the ground, I heard a sound and started to turn around, when I felt something poke me in the back and heard what sounded like an angry female voice say " stay still and don't move, what in hell are you doing here!"

I was shocked, someone had found my place! And obviously didn't want me around. They had poked me with what I thought was some sort of rifle and I had no idea what to do! This only happened in movies! Thinking back on it I guess I did the only really stupid thing I could.

I started to tell the person behind me that they were on my property and I did not like that very much. As I talked I started to turn to my right and looking down I saw that the "rifle" at my back was in fact a stick. 

I whirled to the right knocking the stick aside and looked up at a very naked girl! She was beautiful. 

Red hair, about 5' 8", somewhere in her mid twenties, nice large breasts and a figure that just left me with a mouth open wide. Who knows but I bet my last buck that I was drooling and looked pretty stupid to this wood nymph!

She laughed and came a step closer and whispered that she was glad to see me as she was kind of hoping for some company anyway.

Then she kissed me, not just a quick peck on the cheek, a full fledged tongue filled kiss that took my breath away.

I stood there!

She laughed again and continued kissing my neck, running her hands down my sides and then back up my chest to the buttons of my shirt. She continued to giggle softly the whole time.

I don't think I could have mover if I wanted to! I was mesmerized, stunned! 

Her fingers worked fast, soon she had most of the buttons undone and was still kissing my neck and moving down my chest with little kisses. 

My hands started to move all by themselves and went around her back, one went up and the other down to her ass. They moved seemingly by themselves because I do not recall making a conscientious thought to do anything.

She smelled so good! Fresh, Clean. She moaned in my ear and my hands jumped off her body like I had been scalded. This time the moan was different and she said it was okay. I started to think again!

Her lips brushed against my right nipple and I gasped, straightened and moaned in delight. My hands started to caress her back again, my right hand I brought up to her hair and started to guide my fingers around her head. Feeling the texture of her hair with my right hand , I bent leaned forward and simultaneously moved the hair from around her ear and kissed her ear lobe. Then I sucked the bottom part of her ear and she moaned and rubbed her cunt on my pant leg.

I realized then that my cock was aching. I was hard as a rock and panting like crazy! I pushed my leg harder against her and she just started humping me harder. Her right hand started undoing my belt and the other unzipped my fly. 

She backed up a little and my left hand came up to caress her right breast. I moaned, man did that feel good.

All of a sudden she pulled completely away from me, looked into my eyes and in one motion dropped to her knees pulling my pants down at the same time. The cool air was a shock to the system but my cock sprang to life and waved at her as if saying here I am!

Still looking in my eyes she smiled and slowly engulfed the head of my penis. I do not have that large of a cock I am about seven inches long and a full two in diameter. I have enough to do a good job if I get the opportunity! 

I just moaned as she took me further into her mouth, she got about half in when she pulled out and started over again. Soon she had about three quarters disappearing into that lovely mouth and I truly was in heaven. She moaned and I could feel the cum coming! 

I told her I was going to come and she pulled back and said that she wanted me to take her form behind. She wanted this load as deep as I could put it! How can a man refuse a request like that!

She spun around and bent over, leaning against the pine tree and I dropped to my knees as I wanted a good look at this pussy as well as a taste. She had gotten me ready and I wanted to return the favor. It was her turn.

She moaned loudly as my tongue reached out to touch someone (lol), she was wet, ready for action and she said so. I told her that I wanted a taste and to be patient. She ground her pussy onto my tongue as I lapped up her juices. The taste was exquisite and the smell was heady. She pushed hard against me and loudly said that she needed me to fuck her hard and I could taste all I wanted later!

I reluctantly gave in. Standing up I found that we lined up pretty good, had to bend down just enough to make it easy to thrust upwards. As I spread her pussy lips she was dripping juice so I slid my cock along her slit to moisten things a bit but she complained telling me to hurry up and put it in. I complied

I buried myself in one quick thrust and held it there. Bottomed out with my cock head pushing against what I assumed was her cervix. O MY God! She felt great. 

At this point I heard her take a deep breath and say "oh shit don't move for a bit". So once again like a good boy I stayed still but firmly pressed against her smooth ass.

After about 15 seconds I couldn't help myself I started to rock back and forth just a tiny bit. I could feel her cunt clench my cock and then release it again. I continued to move just an inch or so and felt her juices slide down the bottom of my ball sack. She started moving with me and we got into a rhythm. I let her set the depth and basically just let her do most of the work.

My eyes were rolled back in there sockets when I felt her clench cock so tight with her pussy that it almost hurt. I felt the warm flow of her cum flowing over my balls as I bottomed out once again. Her pussy released its grip and I started to really pound her hard. I could feel the cum rising and pounded even harder gripping her hips and slamming her ass back against me. 

Our bodies were glistening with perspiration, she was moaning and pushing back against me urging me on. My cock swelled and I felt her cunt once again grip my cock as she let out a small scream, this time though I was too far along and I came flooding her pussy with my cream.

After about another half dozen strokes I slowed down and made my cock slide almost all the way out before pushing back in to the hilt again. I kept this up until I could feel myself shrinking to the point that I was going to fall out.

At this point she stepped away, turned around and said that we needed to go take a shower and after that ... we needed to talk.

What can I say, I can follow orders, when I have too!!

The rest of the weekend is another story, all together it was a fabulous long weekend!