 The back door opened and I stepped inside out of the hot afternoon sun and into the cool air conditioning of the bank. Standing there holding the door was Angie, the hot little blonde teller that I'd been having frequent rendezvous with for the past few months. We had recognized each other at a bar one night and started to talk. We hit it off and she ended up spending the night, and most of the next day, with me at my place. After that we started to see each other on a frequent bases, no relationship just sex… just the way I wanted it.

These little afternoon visits to the bank had been her idea. On days when I could get out of the office I would go through the drive through and she would send my receipt with a time for me to be at the back door. At that moment the door would open and we would hustle into the storage room where I would fuck her brains out until she had to go back to work.

Today I was horny, horny as hell and I needed to pound this little girl and but good. Angie was wearing a cute little flowered skirt cut up way to high to be considered 'professional' but I suppose that if you are fucking in the storage room during your lunch break the length of your skirt doesn't really concern you, now does it? To complement her skirt she wore an almost see through sheer white blouse, unbuttoned down to show off her cleavage. She didn't have the biggest tits I'd ever seen, but they were perky and sensitive and always receptive to my touch.

She closed and locked the storage door behind her and in a moment she was on me, fumbling with my belt in a desperate attempt to free my cock, which had been at full attention since I pulled into the parking lot and kept growing, aided by anticipation and now, her hands. She dropped to her knees, pulling my boxers down with her. Mere moments later my cock was buried in her throat. 

I'm rather proud of my cock; It's no 13 inch monster but it's just under 9 inches long and thick; I'm happy to report that I've even made some girls who went black come back with my weapon! But I digress… where was I? Oh yeah, getting an amazing blow job.


Angie licked up and down the shaft of my cock, pausing only to take my balls in her mouth and gently rotate them around with her tongue. These sessions always amazed me – when she and I got together on the weekends she usually liked it slow and gentle but when we were here she was like a mad beast. She stopped licking my cock and began to move her mouth up and down on my now fully hard cock. Taking as much of me as she could, she made that great 'gurgle' sound that girls make when a hard cock is pressed up against the back of their throat. She held herself down as far as she could go and bounced up and down on it a couple of times, trying to shove it deeper. When satisfied she wasn't going to get any more of it down her beautiful throat, she moved her lips back up my cock, pausing at the head to flick her soft tongue over that most sensitive part of my organ.

Again and again she went down to the depths of her previous effort, aided by my hands on the back of her head…. Guiding her to take even more. She didn't get the whole thing, but she go a lot of it and left it covered in a sheen of stringy spit that dangled from her lips when she removed her mouth. I couldn't take much more and I wasn't about to toss this load anywhere but in her pussy. 

"How much time do we have?" I asked.

She looked at her watch. "About 25 more minutes."

"Lets stop wasting them talking, lay on the table over there."

She did and I grabbed one of the chairs away from the wall and placed it between her legs. I set her calves on my shoulders and began to kiss my way down her soft left toward her pussy. She pulled her skirt up and I could see her pussy was freshly shaven, totally bald the way that she knows I love it. My kissing continued, first her left ankle then her calf and the inside of her knee. Then onto the right ankle, calf and knee. I began moving my hands over her amazing thighs, feeling their soft skin just over the taught muscles underneath. "God, she has the greatest legs" I thought and not for the first time.

My lips brushed past her knees picking up speed as they headed for their prize. I reached her with my tongue reaching out to taste her. I placed my lips on her lips and drove my tongue into her pussy as deep as I could and began to lap at the sweet nectar I found there. She let out a soft moan and then a louder one – I have gone down on her every time we've been together and was starting to get the hang of what she liked. I took my thumb and parted her lips, finding her hard clit at full attention. I pressed on it hard and elicited another moan from her. I continued to lick her hole and my thumb action was starting to do its magic as she got wetter and wetter, a sticky slippery sweet tasting wetness that I knew meant she was really getting into it. Her body went stiff and then convulsed under my touch as her first orgasm ripped through her tight body. After shocks made her calves tremble on my shoulders and I pulled my hand away. I licked her one last time, tasting her sweetness one last time before I stood up and prepared to fuck the living daylights out of her.

My cock was still rock hard as I moved it to the entrance of her sex. I teased her with the head of it before sinking it halfway in and then quickly removing it. Her hips rose to meet me and she groaned with displeasure as I withdrew. Almost as quickly I was back in her, pushing a little more of myself in her this time. I was about three-quarters in her when I began to fuck her with a slow in and out motion that I knew would help loosen her up for the pounding she was going to take when I got her ready. She raised her arms over her head and wrapped her legs around my back as I began to fuck her with deeper, more forceful strokes. After a few more strokes I was buried in her as far as I could go and she let out a cry of pleasure. "You fill my like nothing else," she said and I knew it was time to deliver the way she was wanting me to.

Grabbing her ankles off my back I placed them on my shoulders, exposing the back of her thighs and opening her to me more completely. I began by ramming my cock into her deep and not at all gently; she seemed to respond well to this and I did it again. Each time in I tried to fuck her harder, eliciting little moans from her that had to be stifled less anyone else in the bank hear and come to investigate. Again her body tensed and went stiff as another orgasm ripped through her body. When her convulsions subsided I inquired as to how much time we had left in our session.

"Just over ten minutes," she said.

"Can you stand?" I asked, hoping that we could fuck standing up – a favorite for us both.

"As long as I can use your pole for support," she said with an evil smile as she stood and walked over to the supply shelves. We had done this before.

She placed one foot up on a shelf and hiked her skirt back up, I was over there in seconds my dick finding its spot in her wetness. We both loved this position, standing face to face with her leg on the shelve next to us. She liked it because she could grab my ass and pull me hard into her, I loved it because I got to run my hands up and down her unbelievable thighs and cup her tight ass.

She was pulling me into her hard, our bodies beginning to be covered in sweat despite the air conditioning, slapping into each other in the nicest of ways. Angie tossed her head back and began to quiver, I knew she was warming up for the big one. I decided to do what I could to help her along, seeing as our time was quickly coming to an end, and placed my hands at strategic points on her body. With my right hand I found her clit and began to press on it as I had before, putting just the right amount of pressure on it that would elicite the best results. My left hand I moved from cupping her ass to between her ass. Using some of her juices to lube my middle finger I gently inserted it into her anus up to my first knuckle. That got the response we were looking for and in seconds she grabbed me tight and pulled me to her, suppressing her scream in my neck as orgasm ripped through her body.

When her orgasm subsided we had only a few minutes left, long enough for me to cum and get out of there before someone came looking for her. 

"I want you to cum in me," she said with a devious smile on her face. She had confessed to me that she like to have me cum in her on these lunch time romps because for the rest of the day I would run down her thighs and she could have a 'cum treat'. No lie, that's what the girl said.

"I have a better idea," I said withdrawing my cock from her pussy. "Turn around and put your leg down." She did as she was told, though I'm not sure she was ready for what I wanted to do. The weekend before we had had our first anal experience together and she loved it, especially when I came in her ass – the first time she had ever had that done. We didn't have time for a full on anal escapade but that didn't mean I could have my fun.

I put my cock back in her pussy and fucked her with long, strong strokes. While I was doing this I was taking spit and lubing her ass, sticking first one then two fingers in her – if she knew what I was planning she didn't let on, or stop me so I figured I was good to go.

"I'm going to cum," I said. At the last possible second I pulled my cock from her pussy and shoved the head of it in her waiting ass. She let out a moan – pleasure, pain, surprise, I don't know and at that moment I didn't care much. I was too busy emptying my seed into her gorgeous ass. I pumped again and again, empty all that I had inside her before stepping away and leaning against the table. She turned and looked at me.

"That was nice surprise, and quite nasty. Thank you."

"No problem I said, it was my pleasure. Really." I said smiling.

She smoothed her skirt down over her thighs and looked at her watch.

"Good timing, I'm about due back on shift. See you tonight at your place?"

"Absolutely," I said.

"We can start what you finished in my ass." She said. She tossed me her thong panties. "You keep them, I won't be needing them this afternoon," she said with a devilish grin.