 I'm a divorced mature woman who feels the need to confess my past. My name is Mary Anne, and when this story occurred, back in the mid 70's, I was a 21 year old, newly wed. Long wavy brunette hair, blue eyes, nice 34d tits, a nice full ass and a full thick bush. Back then shaving your pussy just wasn't as popular as it is now. I was raised in a strict catholic family so my sexual experiences were minimal until I married and moved away. When I was 30, my husband left me for some blonde bimbo. What he never knew was that just about the whole time we were married, I was fucking other guys. I didn't start out like that but after the encounter I'm about to tell you about, I was hooked on forbidden cheating sex.

I worked for a publishing company, in the shipping department. We filled back orders and new subscriptions in the basement of an old mill building that was converted to warehouse space. We were asked to work on Saturdays fairly often and usually 4 or 5 people would work. Well on this Saturday only 2 of us made it in, myself and a guy named Val. He was an older man, in his early 40's, married. He fancied himself a ladies man and flirted with all the attractive women in the building, He wasn't what I would call my type, he was tall, thin, dark complexion, with salt and pepper hair and a goatee.

The first hour or so was normal, small talk as we worked, then Val asked me how I felt about a one of the couples in our group of friends unusual relationship. They had moved to the area a few months earlier and had made it very clear that they had an semi-open marriage, by that I mean, she slept with who ever she wanted and he was good with it.

I told him I guess it was okay if both were fine with it but I didn't think it would work out in the long run. Then it got personal, he asked how many men I had been with, I told him that it wasn't any of his business, but he persisted and I finally told him that my husband was the only guy who ever fucked me, but I had given a few hand jobs, and a blow job or two before I was married. So he started pressing the issue "it'll be sad if you only experienced one man your whole life. Never feel the touch or different technique of other men".

As I thought about it I realized that I was starting to feel a bit horny, I could feel my pussy getting wet and nipples getting hard. Val picked up on it right away because he had walked around behind me and whispered in my ear "I can tell you're interested, your nipples are hard and your eyes have a glassy look to them". Then he lightly caressed my neck. I felt his hands on my hips and he pressed his crotch against my ass. I heard myself tell him to stop, I was married and didn't cheat but I didn't even sound convincing to myself. He began to plant light kisses on my neck and ears, and his hands slid around over my stomach and found my breasts. He cupped my breasts and pinched my nipples through the material of my shirt and bra.

I moaned as he kneaded my nipples between his fingers and thrust his crotch against my ass. I turned my head enough that his lips could reach mine and we engaged in a deep sensuous kiss. His tongue explored my mouth and entwined with mine as he continued work my tits. By now his hands had work under my shirt and bra and his rough calloused hand were sending shivers through my body as he molested my tits and nipples.

He then turned me around to face him and in a firm commanding voice said "now I'm going to fuck you and you will do as I say". I knew I should protest, but the only word that came out of my mouth was "yes".

He led me to a back corner of the warehouse and laid several large pieces of card board on the floor, then he proceeded to remove all of my clothes. I was over whelmed by my sense of vulnerability, standing there completely naked in front of him while he was still fully dressed, yet the desire and need to make love to him was undeniable. He walked slowly around me, examining every inch of my body while commenting about what he saw. He stopped in front of me and told me to get down on my knees, which I quickly did. He stepped back and began to remove his own clothes until he was as naked as I was. He had the dark skin of man who spends a lot of time outdoors with not much for clothing on. He was thin yet muscular and then my eyes found his cock. I was shocked by the size of his cock for such a slight man. It hung down between his legs and was easily 8 inches while still semi soft. He had large hanging balls and he was uncut. I had never seen an uncut cock before and I was fascinated. 

He stepped forward and told he to take his cock in my hands, I wrapped my hands around it and I could feel it stiffening as I stroked his beautiful cock. Then he told me push my tongue inside of his foreskin and lick the inside of it and tongue the head of his cock. I ran my tongue over his cock and pressed it inside the foreskin, it tasted different than my husbands cock, more bitter, but I loved the feel of it on my tongue. His cock stiffened and the fat purple head exposed itself. His cock was now a good 10 inches long and so fat I could not wrap my hand around it. He put his hands on the back of my head and pushed his cock deeply in to my mouth. This was by far the largest cock I had ever sucked, I gagged at first, but he continued to thrust his dick into my throat and I could feel my self relax and take more and more of it down my throat. Next thing I knew my nose was in his pubic hair and his balls were slapping my lower lip. He had been fucking my face for several minutes when I felt his cock to begin spasm and I knew what was coming. I never liked swallowing cum and I tried to back away but he just held my head on his cock and shot his cum down my throat, again I started to gag but with each blast of his hot cum I was transformed to a cum drinking slut. I milked the last drops of cum from his dick and he had me lick his cock and balls for a few minutes.

He then laid me back on the card board and straddled my face so he could feed me his cock and balls. He told be to work back and forth between his dick and balls and I did so willingly. As I did he leaned down, spread my thighs and began to work my pussy. He ran his fingers through my thick hairy bush until he found my swollen pussy lips. As soon as he found them I had the first of several mind blowing orgasms. 

He worked his fingers, first one then two the three into my sopping pussy and kneaded my clit with his thumb. Another orgasm wracked my body as he expertly worked my pussy and I sucked his cock and balls.

His cock was returning to full hardness, he stood, moved between my thighs and began to rub his fat purple cock head against the slit of my pussy, he teased me at first, pushing the head in to my pussy a little and pulling back out. I tried to force my pussy over his cock with each thrust but he knew what he was doing and just laughed at my torment. 

Finally he showed mercy on me and slowly slid his magnificent cock deep into my pussy.

My husbands cock is nowhere near as larger as Val's and my pussy walls were stretched like never before. He leaned forward and pressed his body against mine, he slowly began to trust in and out of my pussy, his chest against mine, he kissed me and his tongue again explored my mouth. His thrusts began to quicken and he seemed to grow even bigger as his cock filed every bit of my vagina and the head felt like it was banging against my cervix. Wave after wave of orgasm washed over my body, at one point he broke off our kiss and fed me the fingers he had in my pussy earlier. I never like to even kiss my husband after he'd eat me, but with Val this seemed so natural and I suck on his fingers, tasting by own pussy, like they were little cocks.

I don't know how long we laid on the floor fucking, his stamina was fantastic, but it must have been 20 minutes or more. Finally, after countless orgasms of my own, I felt him stiffen in my arms and he reached his orgasm. His cock and balls exploded into my pussy and filled me with his hot seed. He collapsed on me and stayed there until his cock became flaccid and slowly slid form between my pussy lips. He rolled on to his back and instructed me to clean his cock and balls with my tongue which I eagerly did, then he held me in his arms while we rested and got our strength back. After we dressed I went to him and gave him a deep passionate kiss, then I told him this was a one time deal and I could not do it again. He smiled, laughed a bit and said slyly "we'll see". 

I fucked Val for another 3 years, and few of his friends too, until he moved away.