 Special thanks to Lollypop69

* * * * *

I over slept so I have no time to dawdle in picking out what to wear.  I’ll wear what I wore last night to the club.  I had been looking for a guy last night, but found none.  Not to say there weren’t plenty of them trying; they just weren’t my type.  My short black hair really accents my cheeks and dark brown eyes.  It seems as if guys can’t get enough of me.  The dress I’ll be wearing is a pretty classic conservative cut up top, but the hemline is up very high on my thigh; when I sit down it makes for great fun to see how hard men try to get a peek; my own little game of hide and seek.  

Only fifteen minutes left till class; it’ll take at least seven to get there.    Today there is a guest lecturer from New York’s Columbia University who specializes in anthropology.  I arrive with just minutes to spare.  Of course no one wants to be in the front row, so those are the only seats available.  I pick one out that is at eye level with the podium.  It seems I’m going to have to pay attention and not doze off.  Who’s this?  In walks what seems to be a college jock by his build, but I’ve never seen a jock so well dressed for this class.  He walks up to the podium just as the bell rings.  This is our lecturer?  

He turns to face us.  My knees get weak just looking at him.  He makes me feel special inside and he hasn’t even said a word, yet.  He glances my way while starting his lecture.  I’m mesmerized.  I would really like to be snuggling with him right now.  I want to be with him.  He looks right at me for a second, but then continues looking around the class making sure to speak to everyone.  My intuition is that his glance my way is probably something more. Let’s play my hide and seek game and see if I really have his attention; there is no one in front or to the side that could see, so I slowly lift my hemline.  He glances my way.  He continues to scan the class.  After a couple of minutes it seems as if he would glance at least half the time straight ahead toward me.  I’ve got his attention.

The rest of the lecture is all a blur to me.  I see his mouth move, but all I can think of is how much I desire him.  The bell’s ringing brings me out of my trance.  All the students are getting up to leave, and when I look back he is motioning with his hand to come over to him.  When I get to him he asks, “Are you free right now?”  I know I have more classes for the day, but I’m already ahead on the reading.  How can I resist.  I say, “Yes.”

“Good.  Do you know of a quiet place we could talk?”  I know of a place in the student union building that would be perfect.  It’s meant as a place to study, but since most everyone would be in class it should be pretty secluded.  He needs to talk to our professor for a bit so I wait outside in the hallway for him.  After a couple minutes out comes my smiling hunk.  On the way to the union building we have some small talk about anthropology and how each of us got interested in it.  Ah, here’s the place.   There are only a couple of people around, but there is a secluded spot in the corner where we shouldn’t be too obvious.

We sit down opposite one another.  He takes my hand into his soft but strong hands.  He looks into my eyes and starts to gently caress the back of my hand with thumb.  My heart starts to quicken; his touch is so soothing.  He asks, “May I kiss you?”  What a gentleman.  Usually the guys I meet just lean into me thinking that a kiss was the next thing expected.  This guy really wants me to feel comfortable.  I nod yes and we lean forward in unison, our lips meeting in a soft embrace.  His soft touch makes my heart skip a beat; I’m really falling for him.  No other has made me feel so warm inside.  

Our lips stay together, not leaving the touch of the other for quite a while.  I want to taste his tongue.  I lightly press my tongue against his lips that easily part to let me in.  Inside I feel his soft tongue.  I start to play with it, alternating between long strokes and a quick flicker.  His hands come to my face resting lightly on my cheeks; his warmth touches my soul.  I begin to get lost in the moment then I hear a wolf whistle in the background.  My attention is suddenly diverted and I look in the direction it came from.  There is a guy who has to be a freshman from his looks.  I look back and my guy is smiling, looking strait into my eyes.

He asks if I am hungry.  “Sure,” I say.  He suggests the lounge at the hotel he is staying.  I know the place; it’s five-star all the way.  We leave the freshman staring as we walk away to have lunch together.  The lounge is right off campus.  We walk hand in hand together.  

Soon we are there.  I had always dreamed of coming here, but being a student I was never able to afford to go, nor was I able to find anyone I knew who could afford it either.  The maitre de takes us to an out of the way booth that has a bouquet of pink orchids in the middle of the table.  We sit down next to each other still hand in hand, his thumb continuing to massage my hand lightly.  We order and then continue to gaze into each other’s eyes as we talk about all sorts of things.  I learn that he has just as much a sarcastic wit as I do; he makes me laugh so easily.  When lunch comes we continue our mutual admiration as we eat.

After the waiter clears our plates we continue to talk for over a half hour.  Soon it is time to leave; I’m not sure why, but it seems appropriate.  Again he takes my hand into his as we leave.  I look at my watch and realize that I have to get to my work-study job in less than half an hour.  Instead of just letting me leave he kisses my lips and asks if he could see me later.  I got off at eight in the evening so I suggest meeting him at nine.  “How about we meet at my room.  I’m in room 711.”  I like the idea of being together with him, alone.  

“I’d love to,” I say, “it’s a date.”  As we part all I can think of is being in his arms.  Work passes very slowly.  Oh, how I want to be with him.  All I can think of are his kisses and soft caresses.  The clock is at eight.  I can leave.  I go straight home and get ready to meet him at his room.  I knock at his door.  From behind the door is that familiar smile that I have grown to love.  He takes my hand and brings me into the room.  The only light in the room is that of several candles he has placed in the room.  I can smell the scent of patchouli oil in the air.  Suddenly his lips softly meet mine.  We begin to make out like two teenagers in a movie theater.  He guides me to the sofa where he gently lays me down.  I take my hands to his face.  Mmm, a bit of stubble, how masculine he feels in my fingers.

I can tell he wants me to stay as he tries to take my overcoat off.  Little did he know, but I have a surprise for him.  Soon I lay on the couch with him, wearing my black teddy that I have been wearing underneath.  His warm hand rests at the top of my breast.  Oh how I long to have his touch continue down.  My urges are getting the better of me.  As we continue to neck his hand reaches under my teddy to cup my left breast.  My nipple hardens in an instant.  He scoops my breast out of its confines as his thumb works its magic.  His lips leave mine.  I feel his moist breath on my cheek as his kisses make their way to my ear.  His nibbles on my lobe send shivers to my loin.  He continues down my neck and makes his way to my breast.  He takes my stiff nipple in his lips, gently squeezing as his tongue plays with the tip.

I take my hand down to his groin and feel his manhood through his pants.  I can’t wait to feel my hands around it girth.  I start the process of undoing his belt and pulling his pants open.  I reach into his boxers and feel his warm uncut penis in my hand, my hand barely fitting around its width.  It pulsates in my hands as I massage it up and down.  Moistness at the tip, yum, I can’t wait any longer.  I bring my lips to his mushroom tip and lick up the pre cum.  Mmm, he’s delicious.  I take his manhood into my mouth.  As I start to lick my salty lollipop he takes the straps of my teddy and brings them down over my shoulders to my waist revealing my wanting breasts.  He takes my other breast into his mouth, continuing his magic he had started, and with the other hand he starts to work on my now slippery, saliva covered, left breast.

I want to feel his butt.  I pull his pants all the way off as he continues to give my breasts pleasure.  I reach back to feel his rear cheeks.  Oh how firm they are, and they fit right into my hands.  I pull him closer taking more of him inside my mouth.  He rotates and takes the rest of my teddy completely off, revealing my freshly shaved pussy.  His lips leave my breasts and start to slowly work their way down my belly.  It’s not long before I feel his breath on my sensitive slit.  His tongue continues it journey tracing a path around my opening, but never venturing in.  He is making me feel wonderful.  

I can no longer contain my urges.  I yell out, “I want you inside me.  I need you now!”  He rotates back up to my lips as we completely strip each other of any remaining clothing.  He gently rests me on the carpeted floor.  I can see his pulsing manhood glisten in the candlelight as it gets closer to its destiny.  Its head parts my pussy lips to the side as it makes its way inside me.  I can feel every ridge and vein against my wall as it continues it journey inward.  He slowly lifts my ankles over his shoulders as I grip his shaft with every muscle I can muster.  Mmm, how good it feels to have him in me.  

He begins his thrusts long and slow.  In no time he is pounding away quick and hard, his balls making noises as they slap against me.  It feels good against my pussy lips as his balls make contact; it makes me want him even more.  It shouldn’t be too much longer before I near orgasm; my breathing becomes very heavy.  I can feel the unmistakable movements of him nearing orgasm, too.  Just the thought of this makes me scream out in pleasure as this puts me over the edge.  My screams must have made it for him as well as he slows down and I feel a warmness inside me.  He continues pumping, but soon there was no more room for his seed.  I feel something warm run down my butt cheek.

I love the taste of men’s cum mixed with mine.  I quickly make my way to his penis, taking it into my mouth.  Oh yes!  He tastes so good.  Our cum makes the perfect mix; it tastes perfect.  Oh my, his manhood is coming back to attention.  Let’s play some more.  I get down on all fours raising my lovebox, waiving it in the air.  I love it doggy style and now I would be feeling him inside me again.  It didn’t take him long for him to get the hint.  He quickly inserts his cock inside my lovebox, thrusting harder and harder.  My breasts sway in rhythm to his movements.  However he bends over me, continuing his thrusts, and cups both breasts in his hands, tweaking my nipples.  As soon as he touches my nipples I go over the edge.  I let out another scream of passion as he continues to pound away.  My muscles grab his shaft and massage it as it passes into me.  Soon he is in the throws of an orgasm.  Just the thought of me making him cum sends me to my third orgasm.

I can’t believe it.  I have never felt this passionate about a guy before.  He brings me to new heights.  We continue our oral examination of each other for the rest of the night.  Before you know it sunlight is peaking through the curtains.  I check my watch.  It is seven in the morning and I have a class at eight that I can’t miss.  I let him know that I have to leave.  He reluctantly lets me get dressed.  As I get to the door he turns me around and kisses me softly on the lips.  I have to go.  I turn around and leave.  I would miss him.  All I can think of during class was our night together and when would be the next time we would meet.  Would we meet again?  I could only hope.