 I was surfing online when I decided to try an online chat forum. It was there I met Sarah. She was twenty and lived fairly close to me. I sent her a private message and we talked. She told me she was horny and was looking for a lover.

I am a forty-two year old divorced male. It had been a while since I had gotten laid. Sarah was saying all the right things. She lived with her mother and had lovers over when mom was at work. She went on about how she was looking at my photo. I had a photo of my cock showing in my profile. Sarah said she wanted to suck my cock and more.

It wasn't long before we set up a time to meet. I drove down to her place on the following Saturday afternoon. She lived in a trailer down a rural lane. I drove up and knocked on the door. Sarah answered the door, completely naked. I walked inside and Sarah wasted no time at all. She unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out.

I have six inches and I was hard and thick as soon as she took my cock in her hand. Her lips went around me and she wasted no time taking me down her throat. She was hot and wanting me. She was trying to suck my cum out of me, but I didn't want to cum that fast.

I pulled her off my cock and had her stand up. We went into the bedroom and Sarah stripped for me. In our online talk she told me she wanted to try anal.

I had her get onto her back. She lifted her legs. I got down and started to lick her little asshole. She told me she was tight and she was right. I started to push a finger into her bum as I licked her hole.

Sarah started to get wild as I pushed deeper into her asshole. She said it hurt, but she would get used to the pain. I lapped at her hole, trying to prep her for my cock. After a few minutes, I got my finger in her the whole way. 

Sarah was dripping wet from her cunt. I had her get on all fours for me. I rubbed the head of my cock across her oozing pussy. I slowly eased the head into her ass. It hurt her, Sarah told me, but I wasn't going to stop now.

I pushed more of my cock into her tight ass, and she accepted it. I had my hands on her hips, holding her in place. Sarah pushed back on my cock. We got into a rhythm together. I sped up my strokes, fucking her bottom. I reached around and found her clit.

I pushed against her love button and thrust into her. Sarah exploded. She started to cum uncontrollably. Her pussy was overflowing with her juices. Before she could recover I pulled my cock out. I flipped her onto her back. I pushed my cockhead to her dripping pussy and I entered her.

Sarah let out a cry. I pushed all the way in, bottoming out in her pussy. 

"Fuck me hard!" Sarah urged me.

I rammed my shaft into her over and over. She was still pretty tight and her pussy was glued to my cock. She locked her legs around me as my balls were beating on her asscheeks. I could feel her explosions as I pushed in as far as I could and circled my cock around.

That made Sarah squeeze even harder onto my pole. I finally had to let go and I shot my seed deep into her tummy. My nuts tightened as I filled her up with my steaming hot cum. I couldn't remember a time when I shot so much liquid into a woman. Sarah just had me going and I couldn't stop myself.

It was then that I heard a car door slam. I quickly pulled out of Sarah's pussy. I got my pants back on and rushed to the trailer door. There I met Sarah's mother, face to face. I guess we both had a look of shock on our faces.

"Who the fuck are you?" she said.

I didn't wait to reply as I pushed past her, out the door. I climbed into my car and drove off fast. I could hear Sarah's mother shouting at me. Then I heard a gunshot. That crazy bitch was firing a gun at me! I hit the gas pedal and was out on the main road, sweating it. 

Thank God she had a bad aim. It was a few days later when I saw Sarah in the chat room. I asked her what happened after I drove off. Evidently Sarah's mom figured out what happened pretty quickly. Sarah had been stand there with cum dripping from her pussy. Her mother went nuts and grabbed a pistol and shot at me. Thankfully, she had missed. 

Sarah told me her mom slapped her face and then tried to get the details from her. Fortunately, she didn't really have any information she could tell her. Sarah didn't know my real name and where I was from. Whew! 

In the same breath, Sarah told me that was the hottest fucking she ever had from anyone. She also said she wanted to be fucked in the ass again. I told her she was insane, I was never going to go near her place ever again. Sarah said she would meet me somewhere. She was practically begging me for it.

Her pleading was wearing me down. She was a hot little fuck, I had to admit it. We are now discussing our next meeting in the chat room. I know I am crazy, but I want to fuck her again. This time around we will meet in a motel room, if it happens. Sarah has promised to give me the full treatment when we do meet. If I lived to tell it, that is!