 I unlocked the door to my apartment on the third floor, opened the door, and walked in, but I was not in a good mood. My date with Alicia had turned sour, and she...was not the one for me. I wanted a blonde with a body that wouldn’t quit, but I also wanted someone who wasn’t a fucking bitch, and that someone also had to have more than two brain cells rolling around in her head.

Katie was there on my grey couch, watching another one of her godawful romances. Some chick-flick where some business girl with no time for love meets some rough around the edges mechanic guy in the supermarket; he just happens to be good-looking, just happens to be single, and they just happen to keep running into each other. Standard bullshit girl garbage I normally gagged on.

“Oh, hey Mark,” said Katie as she looked up at me. “How did your date...go...”

The loud red wine stain on my new light-blue button-up probably gave away how my date went...that and the scowl on my lips. The realization of this must have hit her quickly; it was all over her little mousy face.

Katie was a mousy little thing, twenty-seven like me, five-two, maybe a hundred and twenty pounds, little boobs, brown eyes with brown hair in a pony tail and those little round spectacles that some guys dig. She reminded me of a gerbil for some reason, like a cute little rodent that you kept in a cage just for the purpose of having one.

We’d graduated from the same university, so we’d known each other beforehand, but it was Katie’s idea to room together on account of the fact that we both worked close to this building, I at a large marketing firm and she at the nearby library. Yep, she was a librarian, and she fit that stereotype to a T. Definitely like my little librarian gerbil roommate pet. She was always kind of there in the background, kind of a welcome little pet that brightened your mood a bit when you got home from work.

I walked into my bedroom and took off my destroyed shirt. I was five-ten, I guess a little short for a guy anymore, but I was good-looking, so I didn’t care. I kept in shape at the nearby gym, ate healthy to a degree, and my job made money...all qualifications for finding the right woman. I weighed around one-seventy-five most of the time, but that weight was a good amount of muscle from working out. I was still pushing the limit for looking overweight, though...Couldn’t have that. Didn’t want to lose any advantage when looking for love.

I had blue eyes and short black hair, something a little rare in men, but still attractive. I had a square jaw and a rounder face up top, not something I really liked, but you deal with what you have. I usually kept myself clean shaven, because I didn’t like body hair. I shaved everywhere regularly; the ladies love that on a man. Well, some of them do. The ones I was usually after, anyway.

Katie stood at the doorway to my bedroom, but she turned away the moment she saw me bare chested. She’s just considerate of my space. Considering I pay most of the rent, I slept on the bed while she slept on the couch, and I know what you’re thinking, but don’t go there. She was getting to stay here for practically nothing, so having her on the couch was just a little discomfort she had to put up with, and she’d already put up with it for two years now, so that’s all there was to that. I owned all of the furniture in the apartment, anyway.

“It didn’t go well,” said Katie in a quiet voice.

Thank you, Captain Obvious. I knew she was just trying to help, but...I was not happy. Not at all.

“You already know,” I said firmly. “You can already tell, so I don’t want to talk about it.”

I dug around in my dresser and pulled out my red-collared shirt. I only wore this outdated thing when I was pissed, and Katie knew that. She’s kind to a fault, however, so she wouldn’t let it go.

“I...I was rooting for you,” she said quietly.

“Yeah,” I frowned. “I just don’t know what I’m doing wrong...It’s not me. I know it’s not me. It’s my selection process. Every woman I land on is either stupid, vapid, high-maintenance, a bitch, or a combination of those four. Alicia was all four.”

“I...I’m sorry,” replied Katie.

I pulled my shirt over my head, adjusted it over my good black slacks, and sighed.

“No reason to be sorry,” I said. “It’s my fault for...Ugh...Never mind.”

“Maybe you’re just looking in the wrong place?” asked Katie. “Maybe what you’re looking for is...is just something you can’t see. It could be right in front of you.”

“Yeah, maybe,” I frowned. “I’m not really in the mood to talk about it, Kay. I just want a glass of Merlot and forget about this date altogether.”

“Oh,” said Katie. “Okay.”

She flitted out of the doorway, trotted over to the couch, and used the remote to flip off her show. It’s the way she moves sometimes that’s a little disturbing. She’s so little that you’ll be looking out of one corner of the eye and then she’ll pop up in the other corner. I swear, she reminds me of a gerbil.

“I’ll get you a glass,” said Katie.

I shook my head. She already slept on the couch, and as much of an ass as I could be, I didn’t want her doing things like that for me. I have some decency as a human being. Not much, but some.

“I’ll get it,” I said. “Tomorrow’s Labor Day, so I’m going to get plastered and think about my life choices.”

“That’s...uhh...” began Katie.

“Awful, I know,” I said. “Don’t sweat it. Just do what you were doing.”

“I have tomorrow off, too,” said Katie. “The library’s closed.”

“Oh, that’s good,” I mumbled.

I wasn’t thinking anything except grabbing a glass of Merlot and downing it. I had three bottles, anyway. They were supposed to be for special occasions, but screw it. I wanted to get hammered, and if I was going to get hammered, I was going to do it on alcohol I liked. No beer for me, thank you. Don’t like the taste.

I went to my small kitchen next to the living room and took a dark bottle of Merlot from the little wine rack I had on the kitchen counter. I dug around for the corkscrew in the silverware drawer, popped the cork on the bottle, and filled up my wine glass.

I turned and nearly spilled my drink from the sudden presence of Katie in my own space.

“Jesus!” I said as I barely kept from spilling any of my precious mood-number.

I swear, she’s like a little gremlin. She just appears in your fucking face without warning.

“I...I’m sorry,” stammered Katie.

I took in a deep breath and slowly released it. I wasn’t going to take out my frustrations on her. Not on Katie. That would be like kicking a puppy.

“It’s fine,” I grumbled.

“Could I have a...a glass?” asked Katie.

I shrugged. She was, like, maybe a hundred-and-twenty-five pounds soaking wet, but what the hell.

“Yeah, I guess,” I said. “Go ahead and grab a glass, but you, like...weigh next to nothing. Are you sure you want some?”

“Y...Yeah,” stammered Katie. “I have tomorrow off, anyway.”

“Well, you know what I’m like drunk,” I shrugged. “I’m happy, smooth, and charming...at least I think I am.”

Katie smiled and shook her head no. She’d seen me drunk before. Actually...way too many times.

“No?” I asked.

She shook her head no one more time, that smile never leaving her thin lips.

“Oh, well,” I said. “Bottoms up.”

I gulped down that glass and immediately felt that rush of pleasant warmth that only alcohol can bring. I quickly poured another glass and handed the bottle to Katie.

“What am I like, then?” I asked. “You’re saying I’m not charming?”

Katie gave a short and bubbly laugh as she shook her head one more time. She retrieved a wine glass from the cabinet and poured herself a full glass.

“You start practicing your pick up lines,” chuckled Katie, “but they’re awful.”

She tried to imitate a man’s voice, but with her mousy little vocals, it just came off as funny to me.

“Hey, baby,” she said in a lower voice. “Has anyone ever told you how pretty your eyes are? Check out my abs...I’ve got a six-pack waiting for you.”

“Whaaaaat!” I laughed. “Jesus...I need to practice more often...when I’m not wasted.”

Katie took a sip of wine and then smiled up at me.

“You get really funny when you’re drunk,” she said matter-of-factly. “And when you’re really drunk, you get weird.”

I walked into the living room and sat down on my grey couch, on the left side, careful not to spill my wine.

“I get weird, huh?” I asked.

“Yeah,” said Katie as she walked in and sat down next to me.

Katie was in her grey sweater and grey sweatpants today, her feet bare, something she often dressed in while here. This was one of the reasons, I think anyway, that she didn’t have a man. She just didn’t put out any effort to look nicer. I know it’s shallow to think that way, but I was only looking out for her best interests. She needed to get out of my bachelor pad and into a little suburban home with a white picket fence. She always struck me as that kind of girl, anyway. True, it would be a little lonely here without my little gerbil, but...I think it would be better for her to have that life. Plus, she wouldn’t have to pretend she couldn’t hear me fucking in the next room over. That, and explaining her presence to my dates was getting old. It was a kinky thing that most of them liked, but it was getting old.

I decided to inquire about my supposed ‘weirdness’ while smashed.

“How so?” I asked.

I was curious as to what in the hell she was talking about. How weird could I possibly get?

“Remember Saint Patrick’s Day?” asked Katie. “You went on that pub crawl with Dave and then came back sloshed.”

I paled at this. I had no idea what happened that night. Hopefully I didn’t do anything especially terrible while I was out in booze-land.

“Yeaaaah?” I said cautiously. “What about it?”

“You sat out here on the couch and were waving your pens around like you were a conductor,” giggled Katie.

I rolled my eyes, smiled, and gave her a shake of the head.

Her face turned somber after a second, though. Her glass was already half-empty, and I still wasn’t sure what alcohol was going to do to her. It was going to be interesting to see her drunk. How much wine can a gerbil drink, anyway?

“You called me Brittney,” said Katie. “Then you told me to kneel down in front of you, with my back to you, and you took my brush and brushed my hair...It was weird, but... at least you took out my hair tie first.”

Brittney was my first crush in the third grade. She was my babysitter, and she had made me brush her long blonde hair one night because I wouldn’t go to sleep on time. I think she did it as a way to ‘bore’ me to sleep, but I never forgot her because of it. Not to this day. She was the reason I loved blondes. Still, this was something that I really didn’t want anyone to know about.

I turned red at this, held my face in my right hand, and shook my head. I looked up a moment later, frowned, and gave Katie a single nod.

“I could have gone my entire life without knowing that,” I said unhappily.

Katie giggled and shook her head no. She took a long sip from her glass and shrugged.

“It’s okay,” she said. “I didn’t mind.”

She gave me an odd look, a sly look that made her thin little face glow for a moment. I didn’t know what she was thinking, but I knew for a fact that I’d never seen that look on her face before. I guess I was finally going to see what she was like drunk, and...this was going to be interesting.

“Well, I apologize anyway,” I said as I took a sip of wine.

Katie took a long drink from her glass, downing almost all of it.

“That’s okay,” she smiled. “It turned me on. I masturbated on the couch after you passed out in bed.”

I choked on my wine and nearly spilled my glass, and I had to put my left hand over the rim to keep from spilling any onto the short grey carpet below.

“What?” I asked in stupid reply.

Katie masturbates? Is that even possible? Does she even have those parts? I thought she was like one of those dolls that had no naughty bits under their clothes. Just smooth plastic. No nipples or pussy. Something like that.

Katie didn’t answer me at first. She walked into my kitchen, poured herself another glass, and set the nearly empty bottle back down on the kitchen counter. She took another sip from her glass, walked into the living room, sat back down next to me, and gave me an innocent smile.

“It was kinky,” she giggled. “You brushed my hair and kept saying ‘You’re so beautiful, Brittney. Your eyes are like sapphires. Your lips are like rubies. I want to explore the jungle with you’.”

Okay, I don’t remember any of that. Not one bit of it.

“Really?” I asked in obvious confusion.

“Yeah,” smiled Katie. “Then you kissed me on the back of the neck and started...uhh...you moved your hands around and...”

“And what?” I asked in sudden concern.

This alarmed me to no end. I didn’t do anything like...? Anything that would have...? Oh, boy.

“You held my arms and then kissed me on the back of the neck,” said Katie. “You were very gentle.”

“Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me,” I groaned.

I took a drink of my wine and shook my head.

“I am so sorry about that,” I frowned.

“That’s okay,” smiled Katie. “You went to the bathroom after that, came out in nothing but your underwear, and then passed out in bed...I liked it though. I liked you brushing my hair and kissing me on the neck. It turned me on...After that, I stripped, laid down on the couch, and played with myself. I had a really good orgasm.”

I choked on my wine again. Katie was a veeeeeeeery different person with alcohol in her.

“I...uhhh...” I said as my cheeks flushed red. “That’s...not something I thought I’d ever hear from you.”

Katie shrugged and took another sip of her wine. This was only her second glass, but her inhibitions were a little lower than I’d expected them to be. I honestly thought she was like a pet here...like my own personal gerbil that just happened to pay rent and sometimes did the dishes.

“I’m human, you know,” she said with a keen smile. “I have a sex drive. I get horny and masturbate like everyone else.”

Okay, wine actually burns when you’re choking on it.

“Oh, boy,” I choked out. “You are trying to kill me here.”

“It’s the truth,” smiled Katie. “I know you do it, too. You’ve left the bedroom door unlocked a couple of times, and I’ve heard you in there, in your bed with your tissues. I saw you stroking it one night.”

This time I didn’t choke. I just downed the rest of my glass and walked into the kitchen. I was going to have to open another bottle. I needed another drink...right now. Right fucking now.

“My God, this is awkward,” I said in a hushed tone.

My cheeks were on fire. I honestly had not known that Katie knew about that. She’d even seen me with my...Oh, boy.

I poured the rest of the almost empty bottle of Merlot into my glass, took down the second bottle of wine, and popped that cork. This night was getting interesting, to say the least.

“It’s okay,” said Katie from her position on the couch. “Now you know we both do it, so it shouldn’t be embarrassing for you.”

“Oh, this is embarrassing regardless of what context it’s in,” I muttered.

This time I took the bottle with me. I set it down on the glass stand next to my couch and sat back down. Katie had her glass in her hand, that glass half empty, her legs pulled up to the knees with her bare feet on my grey couch. She gave me a slight giggle as I looked over to her, a happy smile on her small, thin face.

“Your face is red,” she said matter-of-factly. “It’s funny.”

“It’s not funny,” I muttered. “I’m...I’m just a little...shocked.”

“There’s nothing to be shocked about,” said Katie as she took another sip. “I watched you do it that night, anyway.”

“You did what?” I asked in surprise.

“Yep,” smiled Katie. “You were stroking it up and down, and your eyes were closed, and then your penis just shot your stuff out onto your bare belly. You had this look on your face, like your mouth was partially open, and you were shaking a little. I saw it from the doorway. You didn’t even know I was there.”

I downed my glass without a second thought and poured myself another one. Apparently, Katie had all kinds of secrets that I’d never known about.

“You were spying on me?” I asked, but I didn’t say it in a mean voice.

I didn’t want her to think I was mad at her. I was a little upset, true, but Katie...she was just drunk. I understand what it’s like to fuck up when you’re drunk.

“Yeah,” smiled Katie as she took another drink.

Her second glass was almost empty now.

“I took off all of my clothes after you went to sleep that time,” she said. “I went and got one of your cucumbers out of the fridge and masturbated with it on the couch. I was imagining it was your penis, and...I ate it later. I thought it was kinky to eat it after it had been in my pussy. I peeled it and sucked on it first, though. I imagined I was giving you head.”

Whaaaaaat! What is this! Was she serious, or was she just giving me shit?

“What now?” I asked in complete surprise. “You did what?”

“I put it inside and imagined you on top of me,” said Katie as she finished the rest of her second glass. “I imagined that you thought I was...was someone named ‘Brittney’ and that you were violating me without knowing it. It gave me a really good orgasm. I...I haven’t had one like that in a while.”

Holy shit. This was in a territory that was off the map, way, waaaay out in deep jungle.

“You fantasize about me?” I asked in even more surprise.

“Oh, yeah,” shrugged Katie.

She got up off the couch, grabbed the bottle of wine, and poured herself a third glass. She sat back down on my right and took another sip of Merlot.

“I do every time I masturbate,” she said.

“Why?” I asked.

It was a legitimate question. I could not fathom at that moment why she would do that. She was my little gerbil. I just couldn’t see it.

“It’s because...because I’ve always...always wanted to be with you,” admitted Katie. “You waste your time with those blonde bimbos you always chase, but you never see what’s right in front of your face. I’ve wanted to be with you since our statistics class. I know I’m not your type, so I guess I’m just lucky that I get to live with you. That’s good enough for me.”

Katie has a crush on me? Is that why she...? Ooooooh, shit.

“You...I...” I stammered.

I took a drink of wine and shook my head in confusion.

“I didn’t...I didn’t know that,” I stammered.

“I know,” smiled Katie. “I understand. You have your own love to chase...I’ll get over it. I’m just glad I’m here with you now. At least I have that.”

“Oh, Katie...” I breathed. “It’s not that...I don’t think of you as...I just...”

“I know,” smiled Katie. “You can’t see me as sexual. I know how you think of me, anyway. I overheard you telling Dave that I was your ‘pet gerbil’. I was a little hurt by that, but I understand. It’s safer to think of me that way.”

She stood up, walked past me, set her wine glass down on my glass side-table, and did something that made me simply drink from my wine glass. She pulled up on her grey sweatshirt, nearly knocked off her glasses as she did, pulled it up over her head and tossed it to my grey living-room carpet, all right in front of me.

She wasn’t wearing a bra. She had small breasts, little A-cups, barely noticeable, with little reddish-pink nipples in the middle of those small bulbs. I don’t know what expression I had on my face at that moment, but it was probably more surprise. That was kind of a given.

“I am a human being, Mark,” she smiled. “I am a woman. I’m not a pet. I have feelings and...and I’m attracted to you. I can’t help it.”

She pulled down her grey sweatpants and tossed them to the floor. She shimmied out of her light-pink panties a second later, revealing her bare parts below, revealing the short curls of her brown pubic hair that went up in a V between her legs.
