 We've just had a pleasant meal in the hotel restaurant. You are looking really sexy; just dressed simply in a dark shirt and trousers. I'm wearing a red, tight top (showing off my breasts to their full advantage), a short black skirt and knee-high boots. You've been complimenting me all evening, telling me how gorgeous I look. I can tell that I've made your cock hard, just by looking at me.

We're sitting at a table in the bar, enjoying an after dinner drink, when a tall, dark-haired, sexy guy comes over. He introduces himself to me as Rob and kisses me on the cheek. This is the guy you've arranged to give me a massage. I feel a nervous but excited anticipation of feeling another man's hands touching my body. We chat for a few minutes before you and I leave to go up to our room.

Alone in the elevator, I give you one of my long, dirty, sexy kisses you love, biting and teasing your lips and tongue with mine. 

"Thank you for arranging this," I say.

"I just want you to enjoy yourself," you reply with a smile. "Do you like him?"

"Yes, he's got big, strong looking hands!" I reply.

Once back in our room you turn on the video camera that is already on a tripod. We like to capture our adventures for future enjoyment. We kiss passionately and my pussy starts to tingle with anticipation. I can feel your hard cock pressing against me and I feel a sudden urge to have it in my mouth. I remove your trousers and boxers and kneel as I tease the tip of your cock with my tongue. I suddenly take it all into my mouth and suck greedily on its hardness as you moan with pleasure.

You pull me up and guide me to the bed. You pin me down and kiss me, rubbing your hands over me. I remove your shirt and caress your sexy body, feeling your hard cock in my hand, wanting you to fuck me now. You remove my top before caressing, kissing and licking my neck, chest and stomach. I moan softly, aching for you to touch my breasts, my pussy. But you are teasing me. Making me wait until you are ready to give me the pleasure I so desire.

You take off my skirt and gently caress the soft skin of my thighs that is exposed between the tops of my stockings and thong. In my mind I am willing you to touch my pussy when there is a knock at the door. You leave me feeling horny on the bed and go to answer the door. You let Rob in. I'd almost forgotten about him and now feel nervous but very turned on at another man seeing me in a semi-naked state.

"Very sexy!" he says with a smile, drinking in the sight of me dressed in just a lacy black bra and thong, black stockings and boots, lying on the bed, waiting to be fucked.

You return to me and continue to kiss and caress my body while Rob undresses until he is wearing just tight, black boxers. He has a sexy, toned body and I can see his cock is hard. He's bigger than you. It makes me horny; knowing that this man's cock is hard because of me.

"OK, let's get started!" Rob exclaims, approaching the bed. He puts bottles of oil on the bedside table.

"We'll have to take these off," he smiles as he slowly unzips and removes my boots. "And these." 

I try and relax as his hands touch the tops of my thighs and he peels off each stocking in turn in a long, slow, sensual move. I turn to you and we kiss as Rob unclasps my bra. I shrug it off my arms and lie on my front, ready to feel his strong hands on my body. You put a blindfold over my eyes, heightening the rest of my senses.

Rob begins by rubbing scented oils into my back and shoulders; slowly unlocking knots of tension in my muscles, making me relax under his firm touch. He then gently caresses my upper back and neck, seeming to know that the nerves here are connected directly to my pussy, making it hot and wet. I moan gently.

Rob sensually massages my feet before moving his hands slowly up my legs. As he massages my inner thighs, just inches from my pussy, I'm sure he must be able to feel its heat and my longing for my pussy to be touched. He firmly massages my arse, moving his fingers under my thong and slowly removing it. He again teases the inside of my thighs, closer to my now naked pussy. He then rolls me gently onto my back, exposing my naked breasts and shaven pussy to him.

"What a hot body!" Rob exclaims. I giggle, enjoying the attention.

Rob massages my neck, shoulders and stomach before gently running his fingers over my breasts, pausing at my nipples to squeeze their hardness. His firm touch is sending waves of pleasure over my body, down to my pussy. I'm lost in the sensations of Rob's hands all over my body. He starts to move his hands up the front of my legs. As he reaches the inside of my thighs I feel your hands begin to rub my breasts. I moan with the pleasure of feeling two pairs of hands caressing me. You gently pinch my nipples before taking them in your mouth, licking, sucking and nibbling them. 

I reach for your cock; it's harder than ever. You've enjoyed watching another man touching your wife's body. You moan as I wank your cock. You kiss me passionately as you play with one nipple with one hand and massage my thigh, moving your hand towards my pussy. Rob is massaging my other thigh and breast. 

As my pleasure mounts my thighs part involuntarily, my moist pussy needing to be fucked. You move your hand up to my pussy and gently stroke my swollen clit. I can feel my juices flowing out of my hot pussy, I'm so turned on.

Rob stops massaging me and takes photos of you touching me. You remove my blindfold and look deep into my eyes as you plunge your fingers deep into my dripping, hot pussy.

"Oh, yes!" I moan. "I really need you big cock inside me, I need a hard fuck!" I exclaim

I look over to Rob and see that he has removed his boxers. He is wanking his huge cock, probably wishing he was in your place, about to fuck me. He continues to take photos as you pin me to the bed and enter me, filling me and stretching me with your hard piece of meat. I smile at the camera as you plunge deep inside me. I moan and close my eyes as you fuck me whilst sucking my nipples. I feel close to coming as your cock rams into my hot, wet hole.

Just then you pull out of me and turn me over and round to face Rob. You enter me from behind. You are fucking me so hard while playing with my nipples and clit. I'm looking at Rob as he continues to wank his big cock whilst watching me get fucked by you. I wonder what it would feel like to have his huge cock fucking me while you watch. My pleasure builds to ecstasy and I come as Rob does. 

"Oh, yes!" I moan as I see his spunk covering his hand. 

A few seconds later you come, filling my hot, wet pussy with your spunk. I collapse on the bed, smiling at having had pleasure given to me by two men.