 I am Shilpa. It was my wedding night and my friends have brought me into the hotel room decorated with silken drapes, red roses & white jasmines. I was very tired after the wedding, so to freshen myself I took a bath and changed into my wedding night saree. As you know this is the night when my husband will overcome all the hesitancy and pleadings from me. I also knew that he is also a virgin like me.

As I sat on the bed, my husband Arjun came to me. He smelled of after-shave, wedding smells- you know, sandal paste and turmeric. I was a little nervous when he came near me, and I stood up from the bed as was the tradition. He sat on the bed and we talked about the marriage ceremony and the gifts presented to us, and so sweetly Arjun asked if he could kiss me. He stood up and then gently raised my face, kissed gently on my cheek and made me sit on the bed very near to him. Once seated, he started kissing my eyes and told me that he had been waiting for such an occasion since the day one we had met.

We looked at each other and he took my hands to cover them with his own hands and pulled me closer to him. He asked me whether I felt very tired, and if so we could retire to bed and sleep to which I smiled and asked if he was really that tired to sleep... He just winked at me and with a naughty smile came close to me and started kissing me again. I went wild though it was not the first kiss I got from him. He had kissed me quite a few times, after our engagement, whenever we were alone either at home or whenever we went out. But, this kiss after getting married did do wonders, which I cannot put in words. Even after a gap of about eleven years, the moment I think of the first night, I become so excited and I wish, we had such an occasion every night for years to come.

Arjun pulled me tight against his body. Before I could guess his intentions, Arjun wrapped his arms around me, pulled me into his arms and drew me tightly against his chest. I gasped as his hands came in contact with me and my nostrils were assailed by his clean, masculine smell. His tongue flicked and touched my earlobe. His tongue traced its way from my ear down my neck. This feeling was so exciting.

I felt his hands hugging me around my shoulders and I slowly moved in to enjoy his touch. He was in a " kurta pyjama" and I was in a 'saree' and we were just hugging each other, kissing each other, without parting our lips, and just sucking on each other's lips. Then I felt his tongue trying to enter my mouth, parting my lips and I allowed him to explore my mouth. His erect cock pressed against my hips as his hands slid up my back and into my hair. He took two handfuls of hair and pulled my head back leaning in to kiss me. I turned my head to the side and offered him my neck instead. His lips touched the soft skin just below my ear and sent a shiver through my body. One hand released its grip on my hair and slid around to caress my breast. The nipple tingled under his touch. I placed my hand over his and encouraged him to squeeze it harder.While his tongue was exploring my mouth, I felt his hands trying to slip under the 'pallu' of my saree to feel my back, hips, and started to feel my breasts.

Looking down at me, he gave me a devilish grin. Hesitating only a second, he swooped down to kiss my mouth again. His lips felt warm and firm and it didn't take long for me to respond and give in to the urge to return his kiss, as I furtively and shyly slanted my mouth underneath his. I felt his tongue probing my lips and it made me gasp. I had never experienced this before. Obediently, I gave him the opportunity to slide his tongue into my mouth so he could taste me. I was amazed by the way I reciprocated. It was as if I wanted this to happen all along, as if I were not compelled, but rather of my own free will. 

Our lips met and as our tongues met, we started getting tied up in a very passionate kiss. He began caressing my back and my waist, teasing me with his fingertips. My hands rested on his shoulder and I pressed him against me. I could feel his cock grow hard and it was pressing against my stomach.

I felt his hands roaming my backside, and I gasped again when he skimmed one hand up my ribs to cup the fullness of my breast. He was kissing me while he squeezed my breasts through my saree. I could sense small beads of sweat being formed on top of my cleavage and trickling down between my breasts.

He immediately pushed his hand in my blouse from below and touched my breast. Ohhhh god! It was so different when his hand touched my naked flesh. I thought I was going to faint! His hand caught my breast and he pressed it. It felt so nice when he did that. Then he caught my nipple in his thumb and forefinger and rubbed it. Ohh so nice! I moaned deep inside and adjusted myself so that he had more access for manipulations. His hand now spread over my breast and he was trying to catch my entire breast in his palm.

His hand is very warm as it touches the top of my soft rounded swell. It feels incredible! His fingers spread and just brush against each side of my nipple as his hand dips further into my bra. My nipple hardens.

Meanwhile his lips slowly traced a wet line on my cheeks, travelled down to my chin, and then to my neck, and licked my neck for some time, enjoying the sweet fragrance, and his hands were busy massaging my breasts through my blouse, without removing any piece of our clothing. I just remained passive, my eyes kept tightly shut, simply enjoying the pleasure of his touch and pressure. His finger entered my mouth, running over my teeth and tongue. I tightened my lips on his finger and he began to push it in and out. I knew how it must look. As if he was fucking his cock in my mouth. His cock jerked beneath me, it affecting me in the same way. He held me by my head and lifted up and turned it towards him. He told me to open my mouth, his lips covering mine. I was surprised that his lips were as soft, his kiss almost gentle. My mouth was open and then I felt it, his tongue slipping once again between my lips and entering my mouth. My tongue met his, dancing against it as his hands tightened around me, pulling me closer to him. His kiss became more demanding, his lips crushing mine. All the while his tongue explored my mouth, over my teeth and gums, finally pushing deep into my mouth so that I almost choked. I couldn't believe a tongue could move that far. He never broke the kiss, my nose flaring as I tried to breathe, my heart racing from the excitement. He turned me sideways towards him, our lips never parting. His hand slid up my side, his large hand encircling one of my breasts, his fingers tightening on it until I felt the blood rushing to the tip, pounding hard. I wished I hadn't worn a bra.

When Arjun started undressing me, I was trembling with excitement, and eager as this was the first time I am going to expose my body to a man and would be seeing a nude male, all live!

Arjun removed the pallu of saree off my shoulders, and let it fall down and the portion, which was inserted into the petticoat, was pulled off and he took it off entirely from my body. I was standing before him in my petticoat, and my blouse. He gently whistled, and hugged me once again and while we looked into each other's eyes, began to unbutton my blouse. He slowly massaged my melons. He kissed his way down between my breasts, stopping where the clasp of the blouse kept it closed and I could feel my breasts swelling in anticipation of what was to come. I watched how his eyes followed his hands from unbuttoning the blouse and slipping it, across my shoulders and down my arm. Now I was in my sexy, lacy, skimpy bra, my firm breasts barely concealed by the flimsy garment. My breasts pushed against my bra, trying to break free. 

His fingers traced the line of the cup, sending a shiver through me as they slid down the swell of my breasts. My fingers were digging into his skin in excitement. I was breathing loudly. His hands now reached my hips and clasped my skin tightly and pulled me closer to him, as his tongue was busy licking my cleavage. I was moaning in excitement. I heard myself moaning, groaning, my head flopping back, sweat running down my forehead. I pressed myself to him, felt his sweat coat my breasts and my chest. I moaned into his neck, my boobs were squeezed around his chest. I was stroking his chest gently.

At last, he released my breasts and, smiling in pleasure, moved lower, kissing my rounded belly, running his tongue through my navel. He sank to his knees on the floor and slowly pushed his head between my thighs. My cunt has started streaming now. He stopped abruptly and he guided me to the bed and we lay back on the bed. 

"Pull the straps down," he said softly, his voice going even deeper in that way it did when he was deeply aroused, and I slid the lace over my shoulders, without pulling the cups down.

"Now lift your breasts out of the cups for me. Oh yes. God, you are so beautiful. Now pull the straps back up." I froze, uncertain what he meant. "Do it. Yes, Shilpa, pull the straps up like this; just leave your breasts exposed to me, like this. Yes, just like that. Now lean forward, baby, and put your hands under this one and feed it into my mouth." I leaned towards him just enough to feel his lips close around the tight, tingling nipple, and I moaned softly. "Mmmm, yes sweetheart!! but more, give me more of it." I leaned closer, pulling his head toward me and pressing my aching breast to his eager, seeking mouth. He licked my breasts, then sucked them, gently at first, then harder, licking again, making them really wet. He leaned back, eyes fastened to my wet, gleaming breasts, shiny with moisture from his mouth, and he teased the stiffened tips with his fingers, pulling them, pinching them, swirling circles through the liquid as it dried. My small nipples were flushed and rising. His hands slid across to lift my breasts up to his kisses and to caress my breasts. He squeezed it gently. We both started to breathe deeper. 

I moaned in approval of his actions and pulled his head with both hands to my breast. He lightly ran his tongue over them, taking a nipple in his mouth and suckling gently, eventually, he kissed his way down the slope of my large, full breasts. I moaned with lust as he tongued and kissed my boobs. His tongue swirled around each nipple leaving a trace of wetness with each gentle lick. He took one of my gorgeous tits in his mouth. First licking one.....then the other. A soft moan escaped my lips. He kept his lips attached to my breast like a starving child. He covered my nipple with his lips, sucking it softly, slowly, then taking my whole breast in his mouth while licking my nipple with his tongue, teasing it, making me feel so desired. While tongue kissing one he tweaked the other with his fingers. 

"That's nice," I was moaning now "I want you to make love to me, Kiss them, suck my breast it makes me so hot and ready to be fucked, Darling! Get me really hot and you can do anything you like to me, Darling. I do mean anything! I moaned in ecstasy.

"God ohhhh god ohhhhh yeh ohhhh uhhh OHHHHH yeh yeh YEHHHH uhhhh OHHh god yes!" I moaned, a small, high-pitched sound of pleasure. He laughed softly and pulled me close again, mouth open, voraciously devouring my breasts, hot and greedy. "More," he demanded roughly, pulling me harder toward him. "OH MY GOD!" I exclaimed, as his mouth pressed against one of my erect nipples and sucked on it. "Oh yes... YES! Suck my nipples! Suck them. Oh God... Yes!!!"

"Arjun...Do you like them." My black nipples were erect with excitement. A moan escaped my lips when his hands cupped my breasts, his thumbs lightly grazing across my nipples. My back arched, pushing my breasts towards him. "Oh my God!" His mouth closed over a nipple, his tongue flicking over it before he suckled it. We both giggled as he found the clasped my breasts, as he kissed his way up over the other breast he raised his hands, allowing my breasts the freedom they needed to swell and harden more. 

I was getting wetter by the minute as his mouth and tongue ravished my breasts and nipples. A throbbing ache grew in my pussy as he ignited a fire within me. We groaned again in tandem as he pulled each nipple in turn, rubbing his fingers over them, playing with them between index finger and thumb. My head went back, now, as I enjoyed the sensations.

Then one of his hands grazed over my left breast and I gasped with the sudden heightening of pleasure. My nipples were instantly rock hard and I could feel moisture dripping through my lower lips.

"Touch me everywhere, Arjun. Please, I beg you."

He played with my nipple. He looked at my breasts and I can tell he liked what he saw. My heart began to race. He took a nipple in his mouth and began to suck. GOD THAT FELT SO GOOD! He leaned forward and kissed me on the lips, harder than before and again went back to my breasts. His breath on my left nipple made it rise even further to greet him. He kissed the nipple softly and spread his lips over it. Gently he suckled it, while his left thumb encircled my right nipple and he squeezed both firmly. I threw my head back and moaned. My fingers played in his short hair and across his shoulders. 

He drew his attention to the now aching right breast where he flicked his tongue over the erect nipple. He swallowed this one more deeply and ran his tongue around the nipple while in his mouth. He did the kissing on the breasts with great enthusiasm. 

Arjun kissed again and suckled all over the exposed breast meat before him but ignored the nipples poking out at him demanding he take notice of them. The sweet torture seemed to last forever to me standing there, so that when he finally did pull one of the turgid little nubs into him mouth and began to suckle gently upon it, I squeezed his shoulders with my hands and signed as if receiving a much needed relief. When he left one nipple I cried out softly in frustration, thinking that he was done with them now until he pulled the next into his mouth. He repeated this process until I was gasping for air and almost crying for him to give me something more. 

Then I felt Arjun's teeth bite gently into a nipple, and I did cry out at the overwhelming sensations. The slight pain and then the soothing of his mouth sucking upon my nipples sent arrows of heat straight down to my groin. Never had I been so turned on from someone just messing with my nipples. First on the left and then on the right until he felt my body tense and with a slight moan I relaxed. He kept squeezing on my soft breasts. His fingers kept pinching and playing with my sorely swollen nipples. He moved his head down my neck and kissed a trail down to my breasts. He took one my breast in his hand and the other in his mouth and began to suck and fondle them both. My entire body tingled, and the tension and pleasure just kept growing. Violently, I shook my head side-to-side and screamed out as loud as I could. It overwhelmed me. I writhed wildly. He leaned on me and sucked my breasts. He bit my nipples and kneaded my breasts. It was my first orgasm on the wedding night and I thought that I had peed in my panties and petticoat. I felt embarrassed.

Arjun realized what had happened. "Did you come?" 

"What is that?" I asked in a lower voice. 

"It means, dummy, that you had an orgasm." 

"I thought I peed due to my nervousness." 

"No, you certainly had an orgasm. Did you enjoy it?" 

"Yes" I said shyly

He released my breasts and his fingers traced a path down my firm stomach and he hooked his fingers into the waistband of my petticoat. His kisses followed the path of his fingers, stopping only to flick his tongue into my navel. He undid the knot on the petticoat. He pulled the string of the petticoat and untied it so that another hurdle is also removed. 

The touch of his fingers on the fabric of my now exposed lacy panties sent a shiver through me. His hands ran up the sides of my legs, his thumbs trailing across the inside of my thighs. His kisses went lower to the waistband of my lacy wet panties. I was suddenly aware how warm I was between my legs and imagined he could smell the aroma of my natural perfume. He ran his hands back over my ass and he kissed hard against my wet panties. His fingers hooked into the waistband on the sides and he slowly lowered them over my hips and tight ass. My small pubic hair appeared over the rim of the panties and I parted my legs to allow them to slide down my legs. Once more I lifted one leg, then the other so that he could remove my panties. 

Arjun then realized that he was fully dressed and started removing the "Kurta Pyjama" and he was above me in his briefs, just sporting an obviously big bulge. He lay on me and held me close to him. My breasts pressed into his chest. His chest massaged my breasts. I began to get turned on heavily. Arjun's hand found its way all the way around my back, under my arms and pressed against the edge of my breasts. His other hand began to work its way to my ass.

He moved the hand away from my ass, but didn't move the one near my breast. I felt wet between my legs. My head was against his and I was breathing harder on his ear. He hugged me tighter and our bodies seem to melt together. 

On his persuasion, I put my hand in the top of his briefs and found his hard dick. My fingers encircled it. It was quite huge. I didn't know if I would be able to take it inside me. His hips began to move. He stood up at the end of the bed, removed the briefs and pulled him to me. 

Arjun chuckled softly as my hand circled his cock-shaft, my hand seem to glow brightly as I stripped the black, silken skin back to expose the deep, black/purple gland of his swelling helmet-shaped cock head. Using my left hand, I reached out to cup his balls as my right hand continued to stroke his large, rigid prick.

I'd never touched a penis before and as I closed my fingers around it I was surprised to find how hard it was, though the skin was soft and smooth. It seemed big but I had no experience to compare it to. I desperately hoped he didn't see how unsure I was. 

I sat up enough so I could watch what I was doing and ran my fingers down the length. I'd watched enough porn to know what to do but it took me a while to get a rhythm going. He closed his hand over mine and without speaking, showed me how tightly to hold him, how far and fast to move. Once I'd gotten the hang of it he sighed and dropped his hand from mine.

I touched him hesitantly, enthralled by the shape of the blunt head, the slight curve of the shaft and its thickness as it lay against his belly. It was at once obscene and beautiful—fleshy and veined with blue, glistening with precum that oozed from the slit at the tip of the turgid head. I ran my fingers along the length and gently took him in my hand. He sighed contentedly and I felt him relax, his shoulders sinking into the cushions a little. I closed my fingers around him, enjoying the hardness in my palm. He turned me around as I began tucking my hair behind my ear.

He then backed me up to him and put his arms around me. Each hand found a tit and squeezed it. I looked into the full-length mirror and saw my man playing with my tits. We were both nude and WHAT A TURN ON it was! He squeezed my tits, pulled and twisted my nipples. I was tingling all over. He turned me around again.

Slowly, he released my breasts and slid downward, dragging his tongue over my slender, gorgeous body, lapping at the dewdrops of sweat that beaded my belly, going lower, swirling his tongue through my navel, descending further. My legs forked apart and I clawed my pussy-lips open for him."Oh mauh ahuh OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" I gasped, my body arching steeply, my hands flying to my breasts, squeezing and crushing them erotically, my head arched back, my long neck craned. "OHHHHHH uhh yes oh god yes!"
