 It had been one of those days. Everything that could have gone wrong did go wrong. I had just left the office after a twelve-hour day. On my way home I stopped off at my favorite bar, knowing that it was going to be packed with college kids. After all it was Friday, but I needed a drink. As I got out of my car, I could hear the music playing. I pulled off my tie, locked the car and walked in. One of the things I liked about this bar is that they didn't play the music so loud you couldn't talk with the person standing next to you. It was a condition I stipulated in the contract when I invested in it. I walked through the door and headed for the bar. Eddy, already behind the bar, he saw me and came over to say hi and pour my usual drink. As we talked about the crowd in the bar tonight and my hard day he began to pour a twenty five year old casket aged single malt scotch. I had no plans on staying late, I just needed to unwind before heading home to relax, watch the race maybe order a pizza.

As I was finishing my drink, Eddy walked over and poured another for me. I was a little surprised, because I didn't ask for a second. When Eddy looked up at me after pouring he told me, "From the blond at the table in the corner, the small one with the two friends."

I followed his outstretched finger and saw her staring at me. There was nothing extraordinary about her, she was very "plain" but there was something that kept my attention. I raised my glass to thank her and sat back down to enjoy my drink. I wonder if she knew how much this drink cost.

When I looked back up, she was standing next to me. Eddy wasn't kidding. She was small. Five foot three and just over a hundred pounds. Her hair was short, just below her chin. It was straight except for the sharp curl at the ends. Her eyes were the most stunning things about her, an amazing deep blue that just captured me. I couldn't take my eyes off them. We introduced our selves and began to talk. She was twenty-three, a grad student finishing her engineering masters, applying to work for a motorcycle racing team. I smiled at that, I love racing, and so did she.

My plans changed in that moment, the race could wait another day. I called Eddy over, asked if my table was open, and led her to the roped off staircase, past the guard, and up to the balcony. It was quiet here, allowing us to talk easier. We went ahead and ordered more drinks and some dinner. We talked about everything and nothing, getting into arguments about who was the best racer, the best team, the best motorcycles. All through this though I could not take my eyes off of hers. They were captivating.

Before I knew it, it was two-thirty. Shannon, Eddy's wife and manager of the bar, came over to get our glasses and remind us that the bar was closing. Shocked at the time, I offered my new friend a ride to her apartment. When she countered by saying that that wouldn't be necessary, and I saw a slight grin on her face I knew what she meant.

As we stepped out of the bar into the cool morning air, I noticed her shiver a bit. I took off my coat and draped it over her shoulders. She smiled up at me, towering over her at six feet tall. She leaned into me then, and our lips met in a short but powerful kiss. Unlocking my BMW, I opened the passenger door and helped her in. The drive to my house was short and quiet, nothing needing to be said, we just listened to the music on the radio.

She was impressed with my house. A medium sized brown stone toward the edge of town, over looking the river. Being a senior vice president at a brokerage firm had its benefits.

She was still wearing my jacket as we walked into the house. She asked questions about the paintings, sculptures, the architecture, all which I answered while I watched her walk through the house. I just watched her as she stood studying the suit of Japanese armor in my living room. I walked up behind her, placed my hands on her shoulders and leaned down and kissed the crook of her neck. She took a sharp intake of breath and moaned softly.

I took my jacket off her shoulders, tossing it on the couch. Her top was tied behind her neck and open down the back. Holding her, I ran my fingers down her spine from her neck to the belt on her low rider jeans, feeling her shiver at my touch. Spinning her around, pure passion controlling my actions now I held her face in my hands and kissed her forcefully. She kissed me back with equal force, wrapping her arms around my neck tightly, allowing me to lift her and carry her to my bedroom.

My bedroom took up almost the entire second floor of the house. As we stumbled into my room, I dumped her onto my bed. She looked up at me with lust in her eyes, sitting on the edge of the bed she reached up behind her neck and untied the strap there, allowing her top to fall, exposing her small firm breasts. I sat down as she stood up and began to take off the rest of her cloths.

I was mesmerized as she moved her hips to unheard music. Smiling at me, she unbuttoned her jeans and slowly worked them over her hips and down her toned thighs, it was obvious she was a runner. Her black silk thong split her smooth ass into two hemispheres. She slipped her high-heeled shoes off and worked her jeans the rest of the way off her legs. Still moving her hips, she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her thong and began to take them off.

"Wait," I said. She looked at me. "Come here."

She started to walk toward me, "down."

With a devilish grin she got onto her hands and knees and began to crawl to me. Keeping eye contact, she slid her hands up my thighs, over my stomach and up my chest. She pulled my head down and we kissed. She began to unbutton my shirt exposing my muscled chest and flat stomach. Kissing her way down my chest, she undid my belt and pants. I lifted my hips so she could work my pants off my legs. Leaving me only in my boxer briefs, she worked her way back up my chest, stopping to toy with my nipples.

After letting her enjoy herself for a little while, I figured it was time to take control of the evening. I grabbed her hair and pulled her to me. A little surprised but not angered by the change in my demeanor, she responded with a passionate kiss, our tongues fighting it out for supremacy of our mouths.

Breaking the kiss, I picked her up and tossed her onto the bed. She laughed and rolled over as I climbed on the bed with her. I kissed from her knees up her thighs until I reached the V of her legs. I licked the crotch of her panties, smelling her musk and hearing her moan. She pulled her knees up as I moved up her body, kissing across her athletic stomach and stopping at her breasts, sucking and biting on her nipples. Moaning she dropped back all the way to the bed holding my head to her breast.

"Mmmmmm, that's wonderful, don't stop."

My hand shot up, grabbing her throat, scaring her at first. Seeing the pure lust in my eyes, and not feeling strong pressure on her throat, she looked up at me. I looked down, "I decide when I will stop, ok?" Realizing that this is a game, she nods.

"Good," I reply and lean in to kiss her. "Now, I think I have something for you to do, don't you?" I ask as I roll over onto my back. Smiling she climbs on top of me and starts to work my briefs off releasing my modest dick. Tossing my underwear across the room she settles between my legs and licks the underside of my cock from my sack up to the tip, stopping there to lick the sensitive skin under the tip. Keeping eye contact with me, she opened her mouth and slid her lips down over the tip of my penis and slid down, deeper and deeper into her mouth, opening her throat and taking me all the way down. 

She came back up for air, "That's a good Pet." Looking at me a little, she starts to stroke me, "Um, I don't know if I like..."

I interrupted her, "It's not what you like, Pet, you are here for me now. Understand?" Pausing too long, I ask again with a little more emphasis, "Do you understand?"

"Yes Master," she replied. "No," I countered, "not Master, you will call me Daddy. Ok?"

"Yes Daddy," she replied again, with a smile, and started sucking my cock again with more enthusiasm. For the next ten minutes she worked my cock in her mouth, rubbing the base and my sack with her hands.

As I got closer to cumming, I began to move my hips up to meet her bobbing head. She could tell how close I was getting by the way I was moaning and by the urgency of my movements.

"How does Pet like it? Do you want me to cum in your mouth?" I asked. The only reply I got was a deep moan as I was in her throat, and an increased eagerness to make me cum. Smiling, I laid back and let her take care of me. She knew how to use her mouth and tongue to bring me to the brink of orgasm then back again.

Breathing hard, I decided to be a gentleman and let her know, "Get ready Pet! Ahhhhh!" I gripped the sheets in both fists as I erupted into her mouth and she continued to suck the tip of my cock while jerking the base of my cock. She never broke eye contact as she swallowed the load of cum. I collapsed back onto the bed, my cock slowly deflating in her hands as she crawled up over me smiling. "Oh god Pet, that was wonderful, and for your good work you will be rewarded."

Smiling down at me, her hair falling down like a golden curtain, she said, "Thank you Daddy, I'm so glad I pleased you."

I reached up with my right hand, pressing it against her left cheek, my fingers in her hair, I still couldn't believe how soft her skin was, "Continue to please me, and you will be rewarded, but if you upset me you WILL be punished. Do you understand?" I asked. With a glint in those indigo eyes and her lips curled up in a small smile, she replied, "Yes Daddy, I understand. I will do my best to please you."

With that I pulled her face down to me and kissed her. Rolling her on to her back, I began to kiss along her jaw line from her ear to her chin, down her throat, along her collarbone, down between her full breasts. I zeroed in on the left breast first, sucking the hard sensitive nipple in to my mouth, sucking lightly while I rubbed and pinched the right nipple with my fingers. Listening to my new Pet moan under me brought a smile to my face as I bit down on her nipple, causing her to pitch her head back and arch her back as a small orgasm flowed through her. After she relaxed, I started to move to her right nipple, kissing and licking across her chest and attacking her right breast. She wrapped her arms around my head to hold me there as I did a repeat performance on her right nipple.

Once I was satisfied that she was sufficiently aroused, I continued my oral quest toward my ultimate goal, the golden valley between her thighs. I kissed down her tight stomach, causing it to undulate under my lips. I stopped for a brief second at her belly button, sticking my tongue into it and playing with her naval piercing, causing her to giggle. Moving on from her stomach I finally reached the waistband of her thong. I knew she was really turned on because I could smell her scent.

She reached down to remove them but I grabbed her hands and told her I'd take care of it. I rubbed her thighs, spreading them. I looked up at her face, her eyes were closed -- I noticed for the first time tonight - in anticipation. Smiling I placed my mouth over her covered crotch and sucked in. I felt her hands on the back of my head as she lifted her ass off the bed moaning. I continued to tease her like that until I could tell she was frustrated beyond thinking clearly, I grasped the thin material at the sides and tore the only piece of fabric on her body. A little alarmed she asked me, "Do you know how much those cost?" I just laughed.

Looking down at her, finally seeing her totally naked, I smiled. She had a small strip of pubic hair, about a half-inch wide and almost two inches long. Light golden curls matching her hair, I thought to myself "Good, she's a natural blond." Positioning myself between her legs, I slid my arms under her thighs and held onto her hands as I pressed my nose into her clit and finally tasting her juices. Holding her hands tightly, trying to keep her from moving, I licked from her puckered little asshole, all the way up to her clit, stopping there to suck it into my mouth and bite down on it. Because I had her so worked up before, it didn't take her long to cum, and cum hard. Before her release I could hear her groan, her breath becoming rough and ragged. Her body vibrated as I worked her clit with my tongue as she got closer and closer, finally falling over the edge. She let out a shriek as an orgasm consumed her that could have awoken the dead. I continued to lick her clit prolonging her orgasm until she finally freed her hands and started to push my head away from her.

"Stop, please, oh god please stop! I can't take it anymore." Her chest was heaving. As she opened her eyes, I was looking down at her with a smile, "See what I mean by 'reward,'" I said. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled my face to hers, kissing me with renewed passion, apparently not disturbed by the taste of her own orgasm still on my lips. "Thank you Daddy," she said as she wrapped her legs around my waist, guiding my pelvis to finally meet hers.

Looking straight into each other's eyes, Pet reached between us and guided my now hard cock into her waiting pussy. The heat coming from her was amazing. The tip of my penis found her opening and I began to push into her. She was amazingly tight. It was as if my cock were in a fist. As I slowly proceeded, she sighed and pulled with her feet on my ass. Not wanting to hurt her I went slow at first. I was about half way in when she had another orgasm. She let out another scream and scratched my back, almost drawing blood. I let her recover before proceeding, kissing her in an attempt to help her calm down.

I was finally completely buried in her. The muscles of her pussy were convulsing as she held me tight with her arms and legs. When I felt her relax her grip, I looked at her and she nodded for me to start pulling out. Leaving only about an inch in her I began to push back in. She had relaxed by now and it was easier. I began to speed my tempo up and before long I was taking full long strokes in and out of her. The tip of my penis was hitting her G-spot on the instroke causing her to orgasm one more time. As her orgasm peaked, I reached the point of no return. The feeling of her pussy convulsing around me, her moans, the smells, everything finally pushed me over the edge and with one final thrust I began to ejaculate into her hot tight pussy, causing her orgasm to increase and peak again.

As we both recovered, sweaty and catching our breath, but not wanting to let go of each other, my deflating cock finally slipped from her, causing her to shutter as a flood of our combined juices poured out of her. I finally rolled off of her onto my back, still breathing hard. She rolled with me, placing her hand on my stomach and her head on my chest. Nothing was said between us as we just lay there, basking in the after sex glow. We fell asleep shortly after.

It was eight thirty when I finally awoke. We really wore one another out the night before, neither of us moved in the night. Pet was still lying on my chest. I had to stifle a laugh because she was quietly snoring. It had to be one of the most adorable and funny things I had ever seen. Gently rolling her onto her back, being sure not to wake her, I got out of bed and went to the bathroom. After relieving myself, I decided I would draw Pet a nice bath.

Walking through the shower/steam room (it was all custom built), I stepped to the edge of the jacuzzi tub and began running the water. I went to the cupboard and retrieved the vanilla and lavender bath oils and poured it into the filling tub. The tub overlooked the river, and at this time of morning the sunrise was gorgeous. I shut the water off and went into the kitchen, grabbed the pitcher of orange juice in the fridge and two glasses and took them back to the tub. I walked back into the bedroom and up to the bed. Pet was still soundly sleeping, I gently pushed the hair out of her face and bent down and gave her a kiss on the mouth. After a second she began to respond and woke up. "Mmmmm, good morning Daddy," she said as she stretched.

"Good morning Pet, common I've drawn a bath." She took my hand and followed me to the bathroom. Admiring the set up and cooing over the tub. I helped her climb in. When she was settled I reached up to the panel beside her head and turned on the jets. Thankfully it was a large tub, so I climbed in also, facing her. We sat there relaxing, watching the sun off the water, drinking our OJ and just relaxing silently.

We sat in the tub for about an hour before our stomachs alerted us of our hunger. We got out of the tub and dried off. Pet followed me to the bedroom wrapped in a towel. We made small talk as I pulled on a pair of sweats and a t-shirt and led her, still in her towel, to the kitchen. After a quick breakfast of eggs, bacon and coffee, I told Pet to start cleaning the dishes. "I'm sorry, what?" She laughed.

With that I quickly grabbed her arm, spinning her around, pulling the towel from her body. I bent her over the table pressing her upper body into the cool surface of the table top and gave both of her ass cheeks a swift hard smack with my open palm.

"OW!!!" She yelled back at me, "What was that for?"

Leaning in close to her ear I said, "Remember what I said last night? Please me and you will be rewarded, upset me and I will punish you. Remember?" She nodded at me, I smiled back at her, setting her at ease a little. "Now, quickly, go wash the dishes." She collected the dishes and hurried to the sink naked, a red handprint becoming visible on each cheek. I sat down and watched her quickly rinse the dishes and place them in the dishwasher. "Detergent is under the sink," I told her. She opened the cabinet below the sink, bent at the waist, giving me a perfect view of her ass. The handprints had gotten darker by now. As she stood and turned to drop the detergent capsule into the dishwasher I saw the slight smile on her face, I knew that she was enjoying our little game.

After starting the dishwasher, she turned and leaned back against the counter, "What now Daddy?" She asked. I replied with a devilish grin, forming a plan.

.....................

Please let me know what you think. I'm open to suggestions for upcoming installments.