 My pussy aches, my ass aches and my head aches. What the hell happened? I'm in our bed alone with no recollection of the past 3 hours. The last thing I remember is we were sitting on the couch having a glass of wine. We had just spent time fucking in the shower.

I get out of bed when I hear noise in the other room. I walk into the living room and there you are sitting right where you were the last time I can remember anything. "Hey Honey, you're awake." 

"Am I?" I mutter as I sit beside you. I ask you what the hell happened. 

"You don't remember?" you ask. I just give you the "look" and you smile.

"The last thing I remember is sitting here having a glass of wine with you." 

"Oh babe I'm sorry. I guess that last bottle was too much." You put your arms around me and kiss me.

This is a recount of the missing hours.

We are sitting on the couch drinking wine and enjoying each others company. There is a knock on the door. You get up and answer it. It's our neighbor Mark, Shelly's husband. You invite him in and I go to the kitchen and get another glass and another bottle of wine. We finish the open bottle and open the new one.

You tell me a secret. You invited Mark over to experience a squirting orgasm just like I did with his wife. Apparently he's never been with a woman that squirts and Shelly hasn't done it for him since she was over. "Oh really?" I look at Mark then at you and smile. "Ok." I know you won't share my ass, but, once in a while you will let someone experience my pussy.

We have another glass of wine and by this time I'm feeling a bit tipsy. I'm sitting between the two of you. You kiss my shoulder and Mark follows your lead on the other side. Your hand slips under my shirt and unhooks my bra. Mark slips my shirt over my head and my bra falls into my lap. We've finished off the last of the wine.

You both kiss me. My breasts, my neck, my back. Anywhere there is exposed skin, you two are kissing it. I'm getting very turned on by this time. I get up and hold my hands out to both of you. We all walk into the bedroom hand in hand.

I take my pants off but leave my panties. I look at you and you nod your head toward Mark. I turn to him and unbutton his shirt and pull it off his shoulders. He shrugs it off. Next I unbuckle his belt and unzip his jeans, he's not wearing underwear so his cock is right there.

I pull his jeans down and start stroking his cock. We kiss and he grabs my breasts. Through my panties, I rub my pussy on his cock. He grinds into me. I push him back and he falls onto the bed and I lay beside him stroking him. Slowly I move down to kiss it.

Marks body is shaking from the excitement of being with a woman that isn't his wife, while this woman's man is in the room watching. I take his cock in my mouth and he jerks like my touch is electric. I suck and lick him till he moans and shoots his hot cum down my throat.

I look over to you sitting in the chair opposite the bed. You're still fully dressed and you smile at me. I get out of bed and stand in front of you. You kiss my pussy through my panties. 

I hold out my hands and pull you up out of the chair. You pull me into your arms and kiss me hard. You whisper in my ear "Babe that was so fucking hot!" 

I take a step back and run my hands under your t-shirt. I pull it up over your head. My hands rest on your chest as I look into your eyes. You unzip your shorts. They fall to the floor and you step out of them. Your underwear is the last thing to come off.

This time I push you back down into the chair you were in. I get on my knees in front of you. Your cock is huge and waiting for my lips. I kiss the tip, then lick it like a lollipop. Your hips move up to shove your cock deep into my mouth. I move my mouth up and down your shaft as your hands find my hair, they always find my hair. You begin moaning and trembling and I move faster on your cock. Your love juices flow from your body into mine.

Looking over at the bed we see Mark stroking his cock, watching us. We get up, you slip my panties over my hips onto the floor, then we go to the bed. Mark is on his back and I tell him to move to the edge of the bed so his feet are on the floor. I kneel over his hard cock and slowly lower myself onto it. 

I bend over him to where our chests are pressed together. I reach around and spread my ass cheeks to expose my tight little butt hole to you. You lube up your cock and then, as Mark begins to fuck my pussy, you slip 2 well lubed fingers in my ass. I can't help but groan as your fingers slide in and out lubing me inside. Your fingers come out and I feel the head of your cock pushing against my ass. You push into me and start fucking my ass.

You tell Mark that he will be experiencing what he came over for soon. With you both fucking me at the same time, I am literally going out of my mind. You have your hands on my hips pulling my ass toward you as you pound into it. Mark is underneath me slamming up into my pussy.

Our bedroom sounds like a room full of wild, mating animals. Growling, moaning, screaming. As I gasp for breath, I tell Mark to get ready, I'm just about to cum. "Oh fuck me!" and I squirt my sex all over Mark's cock. My squeezing pussy makes him cum next. 

Knowing that I usually have multiple orgasms, you tell Mark to pull his cock out of my pussy. As soon as he does, your hand comes around and you begin playing with my clit as you finish my ass. As you cum in my ass you feel me cum in your hand. You slowly pull your cock out and I fall onto the bed.

I am done, finished. I have nothing more to offer. Mark gathers his clothes and you and he walk out of the room. Mark tells you that that was the strangest but one of the best sexual experiences he's ever had. He thanks you for inviting him over and tells you to thank me also then he leaves. 

You get back to the bedroom to find me sound asleep. You lay down next to me and kiss my neck. I mumble something and you laugh.

And that is why my pussy aches, my ass aches and my head aches.