 This story is purely fictional there are no names involved so no names had to be changed.

You always hear tales from guys of their hot bodied conquests, but women also have their own tales to tell, and this is one of mine.

I was at a shoe store in the mall, desperately searching for a certain pair of heels to replace a pair belonging to a friend, and it was nearing closing time. As I was walking down the aisles searching for the right style, the store manager approached me. At first glance I could feel heat rising in me. He was only a few inches taller than myself but he was broad with dark hair and dark eyes.

"Is there anything I can help you fine ma'am?" His smile was warm and he absently toyed with his goatee.

"I know it's almost closing time, but I would be very grateful if you could help me find a pair of pumps exactly like these." I produced the shoe from my bag in two pieces.

"Lets see. Wow you did a real number on these. How did you break such a chunky heal?"

He looked the shoe over and checked the size.

" I got my heel hung while I was walking and it tripped me. I fell and it snapped right off."

"Well I'm pretty sure that these are from last year, but I can check in back and see if we have any in our sale bin in back."

About that time the other stores started pulling their gates down and shutting off their lights.

"Well it looks like it's closing time I guess I'll just come back tomorrow on my lunch break."

" No that's okay you're here and you're a customer. Come on back with me and we'll find you some shoes."

I followed him back to a door marked "Employee's Only". He gestured for me to go in before him. The room was bigger than I'd expected it to be. I turned around to face the door waiting for him to come through.

"Why don't you have a seat over there while I look," he gestured. So I went over to a desk that sat against a wall and leaned against it, crossing my feet at the ankles.

"What size was......damn!" he said as he turned around to look at me.

"What?" I asked. At the time I had been admiring his ass from behind. I was thinking about how I'd love to be grabbing on to those buns as he pounded into me. I knew I looked a bit flushed I'd just been fantasizing about fucking him.

He blushed and ran his hand through his wavy hair, "Nothing ma'am," he looked down at the floor and mumbled.

"Tell me. I'm curious now." I wondered if I'd been obviously staring at him like a dog does a T-bone.

" Well you look like every guy's Teacher fantasy, leaning against that desk like that." I couldn't believe this guy had said that.

"Really? See I thought guys wanted to see their teachers bend over so they could look down their shirts."

" Well I'm seeing plenty without you bending over. Last thing I need is to get anymore turned on."

"Oh? And why is that?" I licked my lips slowly, provocatively.

" 'Cause I already wanna bone you lady, and I'm trying to be a good guy here."

" I like bad boys." I said as I crooked my finger and motioned for him to come to me.

His smile faded and his eyes darkened. He was hungry, I could tell, and I was more than willing to feed his appetite. He came to me and he pushed my skirt up slowly, watching as his palms rubbed over my thighs. He pushed his body between my thighs and I wrapped my arms around his neck. He kissed me and sucked on my bottom lip. Suddenly he grabbed a handful of my hair and tugged my head to the side and began kissing down my neck. Next both hands were working the buttons of my suit jacket.

I could feel his hard cock against my inner thigh. I shifted myself so that I could feel him where I wanted him, and ground against him in sweet torment. He began tugging my clothes off and reached around behind me and unfastened my bra with one hand..... I was impressed.

I reached between us and pulled his shirt out of his pants and pulled it off up over his head. He grabbed my breasts, one in each hand, and rubbed my nipples with his thumbs. We kissed again, this time his tongue probed my mouth seeking out the tip of my own. Our tongues danced as he rolled my pink nipples between his fingers. I gasped slightly as he gently pinched and pulled on them.

Smiling, I shoved him playfully away from me and kneeled down in front of him. I began working on his belt and zipper, then tugged his pants down to his ankles and stepped out of them, kicking them to the side. His erection was straining against the fabric of his boxer shorts. It was like Christmas with a package to open. I took his boxers off, and his cock bobbed as he stepped out of them. I went to reach for his member but he grabbed himself and teased my lips with the swollen head of his cock. I flicked my tongue across it. Slowly he pushed his cock into my semi parted lips. I looked up and found him watching me intently as I set to work devouring it. I took it all in, so deep I could feel him in the back of my throat. He let out little gutteral moans as I sucked and nibbled... I knew I was doing something he was quite fond of. With both hands on my head he began to pump his hips against me, fucking my mouth gently. As he continued, I fondled his sac, massaging and kneading, then sliding my first two fingers farther behind his balls I rubbed the skin there. I looked back up and his eyes were locked on me watching me with his dark eyes. It was as if he'd never been treated to such a visual feast.. I drew hard on his cock with my mouth as I pulled away. He began stroking himself as I stuck my tongue out and flicked his head with it. He threw his head back and grunted like an animal as his semen splashed over my face.

He ran his hand over the back of my head and looked down and smiled.

"You are so fucking hot," he hissed between his teeth as I again drew him into my mouth.

I withdrew my mouth from him and smiled.

"You got something I can wipe my face with?" He handed me a box of Kleenex and I did my best to clean up while he preceded to fondle and suckle my breasts.

"Now it's time to show you just how hot I think you are."

He pulled me against him and wrapped his arms around me, sliding his hands down to my ass, squeezing. He walked me backward to the desk and then lifted me onto it. He kissed my lips passionately leaving me breathless but wanting more. His fingers ran down my stomach and between my legs. He squeezed me there gently then spread my lips open and began to massage my aching nub. I arched my body against his as his fingers rubbed and kneaded me. Finding me wet enough he slid two fingers into my hot slick pussy. He dropped to his knees before me and began his eager worship. He lapped and sucked and kissed my nether lips and between them. I fisted my hand in his hair and ground my hips into his face and fingers. He continued working his magic on me and I began to moan and shudder.

"Fuck me now," I groaned huskily.

He stood and kissed me, letting me taste myself on his lips. He rubbed his hard cock against my inner thigh teasing me sweetly, then between the swollen lips that desired to taste him so bad. I felt the head penetrate as he slowly pushed his massive thickness into me. He grunted a little as he began pumping his hips. He rolled my aching nipples between his fingers. He took his time, thrusting slowly and gently. His hands wondered my flesh kneading and squeezing. I wrapped my legs around him and grabbed an ass cheek in each hand as he thrust into me over and over again until I could hear our bodies slapping together. I could feel my abdomen contract as I dug my nails into his shoulders. I moaned and grunted as I came. I expected him to follow suit, but instead he had me lie back on the desk and he held my ankles strait up in the air and slammed into me, then pulled out nearly all the way, and slammed into me again. It felt like he was going to split me in half, but oh what a glorious way to go.

I spread my legs as wide as I could and he began thrusting harder and faster than before. He reached between us and rubbed my clit with his thumb quickly bringing me to yet another orgasm. Still he continued his thrusting. I could feel his body go rigid, his muscles tensing. His face gave proof of his strain as he bowed his sweat dampened head and grunted then he looked me in the eyes as he released a flood of his hot molten seed within me. He shuddered and convulsed as he came, moaning and grunting his pleasure.

When he was done he with drew and sat beside me on the desk.

"Wow, that was, that was..." he stammered around

"It was awesome," I giggled catching my breath. "So um about those shoes....."

He laughed, and we both got dressed. Needless to say he bought me the shoes.