 The travel was wearing very, very thin. I'd been on the road for over 150 days over the last calendar year, much of it out of the country. Since the death of my wife from an auto accident five years ago, I'd plunged myself into my work at a small management consulting firm that I owned and managed. That didn't leave much time for a social life, or any kind of life outside work. So I was particularly looking forward to a couple of weeks off that I would spend at my lake cottage.

My wife, Ellen, and I'd bought the cottage about ten years ago. It was located in the mountains of north Georgia on a small lake. We'd bought several acres so fortunately so it was pretty secluded. Ellen took on the challenge of getting it built exactly how she wanted it and she had done a marvelous job. It wasn't huge, 3000 sq. ft. or so, but extremely well laid out and exquisitely decorated. Since my wife's death, I'd used it exactly one time in five years. I'd loaned it to several friends over the years but mostly it stayed empty.

I got back in from my last business trip of the year on December 22. I spent the next couple of days catching up on some work in the office and doing some last minute Christmas shopping. I had several parties to attend and I visited with friends on Christmas Eve and Day. Even though I dearly loved my friends, I was somewhat evasive when they asked what I'd be doing over the next several days because I really didn't want company. Fact was, I was tired of people. In consulting, much of the job involves dealing with people....presenting to them, talking to them, going out to dinner with them. All I wanted to do was kick back and totally relax.

On the 26th, I puttered around most of the morning, drinking tea and reading the paper, and desultorily tending to some domestic activities. Around mid-afternoon, I packed my car. It was only a couple of hours away so I was in no great hurry but it was quite cold and I looked up at the threatening sky and figured I'd better get moving. So popping in some nice soft jazz cds, I left Atlanta.

About an hour out, the weather began to get pretty ugly, alternating between rain and sleet. If only I'd listened to a forecast, I would have gotten away earlier, but alas, such is life. But, I did have to admit that it was beginning to look like it was going to be a long trip, but then again, the roads for most of the way were good and I was relaxed so I didn't get too worried.

Even though I was eager to get to the cabin, I stopped off to get some provisions for the next few days and some dinner for the evening. My condo in the city was pretty bare so I had planned to get a few things on the way, but I was afraid I didn't think about it soon enough. There was a strip shopping center a few miles before I got to my place so I decided to stop there and pick up a few things. I hoped it was still open; this time of the year, the area is deserted. As I said, my cottage is pretty secluded anyway and there was a good chance that I wouldn't see anyone for the next few days. I was in luck; I saw that the place was lit up so I pulled in.

There were only a few people in the grocery store and they were about to close. I got the few things I needed and put them in the car and then walked next door to the little diner to pick up some things for this evening's dinner. This place was almost empty too, just a guy behind the counter and a woman on a stool having a cup of coffee. I ordered some things to warm up later and a cup of coffee while I was waiting. I glanced over at the lady that was a few stools away. She smiled.

"Hi, what is an attractive dame like you doing in a gin joint like this?" I gave her my best Humphrey Bogart imitation.

"Just passing through, handsome stranger, just passing through," she replied. Aah, great...she was pretty and she had a good sense of humor.

She continued, "actually, that's not exactly right. I flew into Asheville today and I will be here for a few days to take care of a few things."

"I don't plan to take care of anything for the next few days except getting my sleep and my share of reading."

She smiled, "well, I just came up to meet a realtor here. I'm putting my parents' house on the market. My mother died a few months ago and my father...well, my father has Alzheimers and is in a nursing home. Sooo....I'm wrapping up all their affairs. My daughter is coming up tomorrow to help me clean things out."

"I'm very sorry to hear about your parents. Both of mine are dead. It's a very tough time isn't it?"

She looked at me and sighed. "Yes, it is tough. I wish I had some siblings to help me but it's pretty much done now. I have my father settled in to a great place near me so I can visit him occasionally, at least when I'm in town for a few days."

"Where are you from and what do you do, I inquired.

"I'm in commercial real estate development and I'm from Boston. Or at least I now live in Boston. I grew up in Pennsylvania. How about you, stranger?"

I smiled and introduced myself. "Mind if I move a little closer. As a matter of fact, I hate to be forward, but would you care to join me in a booth and we can chat over a second cup of coffee? By the way, my name's Bill Wester."

She got off the stool. "Hi Bill Wester. I'm Jean Steele. As for the cup of coffee....sure, why not? But just for a few minutes. I have to make it up the mountain. I just stopped for some food for tonight and I wanted to get a weather report and information about road conditions."

So we sat across from each other. She was a very, very attractive lady. I told her that I had been married for 10 years until my wife was killed in an auto accident five years before.

"Now, I mostly just work....as a management consultant. I rarely get up here but I'm going to try to spend a few days relaxing."

She explained that she had just gotten a divorce after 20 years of marriage. "We only have one daughter, Amy, and she's going to school at Emory and as I said, she's coming up tomorrow to meet me."

She was an intelligent, charming lady. Fortunately a few other people came in so they didn't want to close the place and we were able to linger over our coffee. She seemed content to stay and I sure wanted her to. Since my wife was killed, I'd dated some women and had a pretty healthy sex life. And while I normally didn't just strike up extended conversations with women I'd just met, this one seemed to have a quiet, smoldering way about her, and I liked her personality. Our feet touched a couple of times under the table and while I know it seems crazy, it was almost like an electrical charge passed between us, or at least it did for me. She was wearing sweater and pants and I could tell when she was on the stool at the counter that she had a very nice body, and now I could see the round, full breasts beneath the sweater.

"Well, Bill, it was great talking to you. But I really do have to begin driving if I'm going to make it to up there tonight. The last thing I want to do is get trapped trying to get up the mountain, or worse, slide off the side. Well, it was great talking to you. Maybe we'll run into each other some other time."

"Jean, wait. I have an idea. Don't take this the wrong way but I have a suggestion. I have several extra bedrooms, and I have a four-wheel drive? I think the roads may be getting icy, and it's not an easy drive at night even in good weather. You can stay at my place tonight and then tomorrow I'll drive you back down to get your car. Maybe the roads will be clear then and at least it won't be dark. Or if you like, I can just drive you to your place."

It was almost like I'd slapped her. Frostily, she replied, "I'm sorry. I'm just ready to get into anything now. I'm sorry."

"Look, Jean, this wasn't an invitation to an affair. It was simply an offer of a room for the night. I was just concerned about you. I know this mountain and it's going to get treacherous, but you do what you have to do."

She thawed a bit, replying, "Bill, I'm sorry. After my divorce, I guess I just don't trust men anymore, and sometimes I have a hard time hiding that. I was totally dependent on Jake and now I am going to learn to live without men for awhile." She laughed, "I know that's much more than you wanted to know so before I make a complete ass of myself, I'll just get moving."

"Drive carefully, Jean" I replied.

I nursed my coffee for a few more minutes and then decided to finish the drive. I knew I only had a 30 or so miles. As I left, I noted that it was snowing harder and the roads were starting to ice even more. But, I had no problem maneuvering after I engaged the four-wheel drive. Twice I saw two cars stalled and luckily I had a towing chain so I pulled them out of the snowbank and they went on their way. I was glad I could help people out but at this pace, it would be 10 or so before I got home.

As I was turning onto the small road to my cottage, I saw a car coming back down the mountain. It was the same kind of car Jean was driving so I flagged her down and rolled down my window.

"Everything okay?" I inquired.

"Nothing's okay. I finally made the house and the power was off. I didn't think I'd make it back down this far. I've been slipping and sliding all over the road," she replied plaintively.

"Look, Jean, I know you have problems with staying at my place and if you want to drive back down the mountain, that's fine. But, I would advise you not to. I've already pulled two people out and besides, there's nowhere close by to stay and you'll never make Asheville. So, you are welcome to stay at my place."

She paused and said, resignedly, "Well I don't guess I have much of a choice do I?"

So, she pulled over to the side and got her things out and locked up and put them in the back of my car. We finished the short drive to my house almost in silence.

It was amazing how her behavior had changed when I'd suggested that she stay at my place for the night. It was like flipping a switch. Before she seemed warm and friendly and now she was almost hostile. I suspected I knew what was going on with her. She is afraid, not of me but of herself. The last few years of her marriage had apparently been pretty rough and now she had decided that she had no reason to trust anyone. Even if she had been attractive to me, when it seemed a possibility that we'd have more contact, she froze. I thought I knew how to thaw her out.

It was raining and sleeting, so when we got inside, we both showered and changed before having dinner. The weather had worsened and Jean saw the wisdom of staying overnight even though she may not have welcomed it in some ways. After her shower, she came into back into the living room fully dressed. I'd built a fire and there were a couple of armchairs facing the fireplace. After my shower, I'd put on pajamas and a robe.

"While the dinner heats, I'm going to have a glass of wine. Would you care to join me?" I asked.

She looked almost startled but then relaxed, and said, "I'd love one. And I do want to thank you for helping me out tonight."

"Don't mention it," I replied, pouring the wine.

As we sipped the wine, like a lot of formerly married people, we talked about our spouses. I explained that I was very much in love with my wife and that it had taken me almost a year to be able to even function reasonably well again. Her case was different.

"Jake and I had a good marriage for several years. We had Amy and while she grew up, Jake and I were both into our careers, and while our marriage didn't have the same spark as it did when we started, I figured that was the way things were, that all marriages lose their passion after a while. I guess a lot of it was my fault. I would work and then come home to take care of Amy, and maybe I just didn't pay attention. There were all the classic symptoms of cheating but I either didn't see it or just didn't want to. But, a few years before our divorce, when Amy was fourteen or so, I found out he had been having an affair with a woman he worked with. Of course I went crazy, we yelled and argued, and ended up in counseling. He promised it was over and I wanted to believe him. But of course I didn't. In some ways, it wasn't that he was having sex with another woman. I have to admit that sex between the two of us had gotten pretty stale anyway. Jake was somewhat more passive than I was sexually and in most other ways. I think what bothered me most was that it was almost like he was cheating on both me and Amy. The times he could have spent being at home, with Amy and with me, he was spending time in some cheap motel. But, instead of walking out, I stayed for Amy's sake. In many ways he was a good dad and I didn't want Amy to lose that. But, I soon found out that Jake had began another affair, with a neighbor and I decided that as soon as Amy went to college, I would leave Jake and I did."

"I'm sorry, Jean, that must have been a tough time for you and Amy," I said.

"Not as much for Amy as for me. Amy never really suspected anything until a year or so ago, when strangely enough, her father told her. But I have to admit, it sure did a number on me. To this day, I have problems trusting men. Maybe someday I'll get over it but right now, I don't want or need a man in my life."

Even though she made that statement with conviction, in some ways, she sounded like a little girl that didn't really believe what she was saying. But it was evident that she'd built a shell around herself that would only harden over time unless she was willing to let someone inside.

"So Jean, does that mean you're going to live your life for the next few years or possibly the rest of your life without a man? That seems to be a lonely life to me."

She look at me as she replied, "Bill, it may be lonely and it may be long but at least I won't open myself up to be hurt again. Besides that, I really haven't found it to be that bad without a man. Sure, there are certain things I miss, but as you know Bill, there are other ways of getting those things or one can just learn to do without."

The glass of wine had at least loosened her up physically and she was leaning back in the chair with her feet on a hassock. Her top was stretched tightly across her breasts and now I could see the peaks of her nipples poking through the fabric. She had on warm-up pants with stirrups and her legs, even though covered, appeared to be well-formed, and her tummy was flat and taut. At her crotch the relatively thin fabric of the warm-ups made a perfect U. My cock was hardening imagining reaching over and fondling her breasts and moving my hands down her body.

"Jean, I think you're dead wrong. A physically fit woman, and you are, needs a man. That is, unless she's a lesbian or is bi-sexual; in that case, another woman would do. But, my point is a woman needs a sexual release and you can talk about "other ways" by which I assume you mean vibrators and dildos but you know and I know they don't take the place of a big, throbbing, fleshy cock."

Jean sat upright, almost spilling her wine. She sputtered, "Bill, I think that is totally inappropriate. I knew that it was dangerous to come here tonight, with a strange man that I know nothing about."

I smiled, "relax Jean, nothing's going to happen to you, at least not now. I was just playing with you. But I do have a serious point. I think a healthy woman, unless he has some kind of severe mental hangups, and I don't think yours are, simply needs and wants a man and what a man can provide her. Women are sexual beings, with sexual needs at least as strong as a man's. As a matter of fact, I think almost all women crave a penis, the same way a man craves a vagina. It's just natural."

She relaxed somewhat and leaned back again. "Bill, I don't disagree that over a long period of time, men and women need each other, for sex and for other things. All I'm saying is that right now, I can meet my sexual needs without having a man around. I can fantasize and as you say, there are things a woman can use if she wants. Now, I think we should have dinner and go to bed."

I got two trays and set them up in front of the chairs while Jean brought in our food. As we sat eating, we talked mostly about her nineteen year old daughter Amy. It was clear that she was very special to Jean.

"She's in her second year at Emory and she's in their pre-med program. She works so hard that sometimes I worry about her. She used to date a lot in high school but since she's been at Emory, she doesn't seem to have time for boys. Like mother, like daughter, I guess," she said laughingly. "But, I think that's a passing thing. She'll soon get into the dating scene again. I think part of the problem is that she's so serious and most of the boys her age are just interested in drinking beer, watching sports and one-night stands. A few times, when I've visited, she seems so much more mature than most of the boys and the girls her age for that matter. But, they'll catch up soon. She's such a pretty girl. Maybe you can meet her while she's visiting."

"I'd like that Jean. Whenever she calls tomorrow, I'll drive you down to meet her and if the roads are still icy, I can always drive the both of you up to the house."

"That's nice of you Bill. She should call around 11 or so tomorrow. She'll call me when she leaves Atlanta. I really would like for you to meet her."

We finished dinner and cleaned up. I decided to have a nightcap as the fire died and asked Jean if she wanted something.

"No, I don't think so. I'm kinda tired. I think I'll just turn in," she responded as she moved towards the guest bedroom. "Goodnight."

I wished her good night as I settled in front of the fire with a brandy and a book. I added another couple of logs to the fire because I was enjoying just relaxing. I was half a mind to go into Jean's bedroom and slide in beside her but decided all that could wait.

I'd been reading 45 minutes or so when I heard steps on the stairs. I turned and saw Jean. This time she had on flannel pajamas and a robe.

"I couldn't sleep Bill. Maybe I will join you for that nightcap. I don't know what's wrong with me. Normally, I fall right asleep, particularly when I'm as tired as I am tonight. Maybe it was just from all the tension of the drive."

As I poured her a drink, I responded, 'yeah, that's probably what it is. Or maybe you're just stimulated from our conversation from before."

She looked at me. "Do you mean the conversation about your cockamamie sex theories? Where a woman is sooo dependent on a man? Some women may be but I can control myself. I think you're fixated on seducing women aren't you?"

As least this was all said with an amused look on her face. I replied, "maybe I am fixated, who knows? I just believe that thou doth protest too much. I think you are struggling mightily to preserve this image you have created of this hardened woman that has been done wrong by a man and you are determined to hold all men accountable AND deny yourself something you so desperately want."

I had no idea if she was desperate or not but it seemed like a good thing to say at the time.

"I'll tell you what, Jean. I'll make a deal with you. I won't lay a hand on you, just talk with you, and I will get you so stimulated that you'll beg me to make love to you. Wanna bet? The loser has to fix dinner tomorrow night for me, you, and Amy."

She looked at me like I was crazy. "No, I don't want to make a bet with you. No one would make a bet like that. Besides, you'd just be wasting your breath. Now let's finish our drinks and go to bed...our separate beds."

"What are you afraid of Jean? If you're so in control, then all that will happen is that we'll talk for no more than thirty minutes and then you've gotten a dinner prepared tomorrow night by a pretty damn good cook. Or are you afraid? You know you can't resist don't you? You know that your reserve is paper thin and when it goes, you'll start gushing, don't you?"
