 During the week and a half after my argument with Jessi, and the eventful evening it had led to with Jessika, I began to return to a semblance of my routine from the time before I had started intimate relationships with the two women. I finished up my course materials and schedules for the upcoming semester, attended several department and college meetings, and suffered through several professional enrichment classes. I also maintained office hours during the week before the semester, and I saw several former students as well as a few students who would be new to my classes that semester but who wanted to get a jump on the course work. 

During that time, Jessika and I texted back and forth regularly, although she would not commit to a time we could get together. That was something on which I did not really push her, however. We also called each other a few times, but those all had almost turned into phone sex before Jessika put an end to them. Even if it had not been so before, it became clear to me that Jessika was maintaining a little distance from me. 

I did not hear from Jessi at all. 

It was on Thursday afternoon of that second week, ten days after I had last seen Jessika and twelve days since I had last had contact with Jessi, that I texted a suggestion to Jessika. 

"I had an idea, Jessika," I wrote. "Since the semester starts next week, how about we go away for the weekend as a way to have some good, not-so-clean fun before other demands on our time start to grow?"

"Oh, that sounds nice," she replied just seconds later. 

"Just nice?" I countered. 

"No," she sent back. "Fucking nice!"

"Is that a 'yes'?" I asked. 

"I was thinking about working Saturday, but I don't have to," she answered. "So, YES!"

"Great!" I texted. "How does the coast, maybe Monterey, sound?"

"Wonderful," she responded. "Would we leave Friday?"

"Yes," I told her. "When will you be free?"

"Come get me from my place at 3:00pm," she instructed. "I'll be ready."

"Okay," I agreed. 

I then went online and made reservations at a hotel on the beach for two nights. They were half what they would have been in the summer, but still pricey. However, I thought it was worth the price of the rooms if I could reignite my friends-with-benefits relationship with the lovely Jessika. 

*** 

I was in the midst of finishing my packing on Friday afternoon when my phone pinged with a text. I assumed it would be from Jessika, so I was shocked when I saw it was not from the brunette but from my younger, blonde lover. 

"Hey Mark," Jessi wrote. "I miss you. Wanna cum over tonight?" The text was followed by a winking face icon. 

"I have plans tonight," I replied. "But we do need to talk about that email you sent to Jessika."

"Saturday night?" she asked. 

"I am still busy," I replied. 

"please dont be mad about the email," she texted. "It was stupid. Sorry."

"You need to apologize to Jessika, not to me," I pointed out.

"Can I see you if I do?" she inquired. 

"No," I told her. "Jessika and I are going out of town."

I had hesitated before sending my last text, realizing that I risked not hearing from the blonde again for some time. However, I needed Jessi to know that not only was I truly busy over the weekend, but that her email had not damaged my relationship with my other lover. 

"Ok," was Jessi's only response; I did not hear anything else from the blonde until Saturday night. 

***

On the five hour drive to Monterey, Jessika and I talked about her plans for the upcoming semester (she teased me about having to switch English 102 classes since she could not take it from me as she had originally planned) and what I had done to prepare for my classes. We strayed a couple of time to talking about our pasts, but we both tried to steer clear of that too much. I think we both wanted to stay in the present as much as possible and just enjoy our time together. 

It was 8:00pm when we entered our hotel room, which was equipped with a king-sized bed and a large, in-room whirlpool bathtub. Upon seeing the room, Jessika grabbed me and kissed me hard, her tongue skirmishing with mine. 

"I take it you like the room," I said when our lips finally parted. 

"Fuck yes!" she exclaimed as she fell, fully dressed, back onto the bed. 

I stood admiring the curvaceous thirty-one-year-old brunette as she sat on the bed and leaned back, her arms supporting her. She was wearing tight gray jeans, black boots, and a dark red sweater. The sweater showed only a modest amount of cleavage, at least by Jessika's standards, but it still was quite alluring. 

"I know you said something earlier about going to dinner once we got settled in," Jessika purred as she batted her lashes at me, "But I think room service would be better."

My lover than removed her sweater, revealing a white bra of such fine lace that it was nearly transparent. Her brown areola were clearly visible through the thin material, as were her erect nipples. 

"Exquisite," I mumbled as I started at her chest. 

"My boobs or the bra?" Jessika asked innocently. 

"Both," I confessed as I moved so I was standing in front of her. 

I reached down and massaged her large breasts through the lace of her bra, making sure to pay attention to her thick nipples as well. Jessika, who had begun to moan, unbuttoned my jeans as I played with her bosom. 

When the fly of my pants was undone, Jessika pushed my hands away from her breasts, then grabbed both my pants and my underwear and pulled them down together. My erection bounced free, and almost the moment it did so, Jessika had wrapped her lips around the head and started sucking. 

I thought about suggesting a shower - I was afraid I might not smell or taste that great down there after three hours of sitting in the car, but by the time I had formulated what I wanted to say, it became clear to me that Jessika did not have a problem with it as she was applying sufficient suction to hollow out her cheeks and showed no signs of distaste or discomfort. 

While still sucking on it hard, Jessika began to move her lips up and down my shaft. I was just losing myself in the incredible sensations she was causing when the brunette pulled back, freeing my penis from her luscious lips. 

Jessika quickly removed her bra, tossing it on the floor, then leaned forward in front of me so she could unzip her boots, which I then helped her take off. I next helped her remove her tight pants and thin lace panties. When the brunette was completely naked, she lay back on the still made bed and scooted up it so I could get between her legs, which she had spread to give me access. Doing so had also nicely revealed her neatly trimmed pussy. 

"You look good enough to eat, sexy," I told her, but Jessika grabbed my head and pulled my head up toward her torso just as I was leaning in to lick her pussy and clit. 

"Fuck me hard," she pleaded. "I want hard, nasty hotel sex that makes me scream so loud the other guests complain."

I resisted the continuing pull of her hands in my hair just long enough to kiss, suck, and nibble on her nipples. However, Jessika almost immediately pulled on my hair harder until my body was positioned between her outstretched legs, my rock hard penis rubbing against her labia. 

"Are you sure you do not need more foreplay to...?" I started to ask, but Jessika shook her head emphatically. 

"Just shove your cock in my pussy, Mark," she cooed, "and you'll feel how ready I am."

I did as my lover bid, and I immediately felt her wet warmth engulfed me as I sunk all of my shaft inside of her. 

"You are ready, huh slut?" I asked, winking at her. 

"Fuck yes," Jessika moaned while she stared up at me through half closed eyes, her lust written all over her lovely face. 

I pulled out slowly until just the tip was left inside of her, then I quickly pushed it all the way back in. Jessika shivered beneath me and clutched at my arms, which I was using to hold myself above her as I began to pump into her faster and harder. At first I thought it might be a quick orgasm for her; however, when Jessika neither experienced a fully body shudder nor squeaked, I realized it was just the sign of heightened arousal.

"Harder, Mark!" Jessika beseeched me. "Fucking pound my little pussy!"

Again, I did as my lover asked, and in almost no time, I was ramming myself into her harder than I had ever done before - to anyone. The brunette responded by alternating between loud moans, yelps, and shrieks. If there were people on either side of us, or even above us, I am sure they heard nearly everything. I debated on putting my hand over her mouth to at least cut down on the volume, but then I realized it was actually pretty stimulating to know that others might be hearing my lover's reaction to me ramming myself into her. 

"Do you like that, slut?" I growled. 

"Yes, yes, yes, yes," the brunette chanted in time with my thrusts. 

"You like me fucking your cunt hard?" I continued. 

"Oh fuck I'm cumming," was Jessika's response, which she followed up with a scream as her body shuddered. 

Like I had the last time I had been with her, I felt Jessika's vagina spasm around my penis, which in turn brought me to my own climax. My grunts mixed with Jessika's squeaks as I came deep inside of her. 

***

Jessika had decided to take a shower, and she was still in her robe, her wet, curly hair hanging down around her face, when a knock sounded on our door.

"That should be our dinner," I announced as I started to move toward the door. 

The brunette, who was closer to the door, stepped in front of it, held out her hand to stop me, and shook her head. 

"I'll get it," she smiled, then she adjusted her robe so it opened wide enough to show as much of her breasts as possible while still covering her areolas. 

It was my turn to shake my head, my eyes locked on her exposed, light tan flesh. The sexy brunette merely grinned and winked. Turning around, she yanked the door open. 

I am not sure who was more surprised by the result of that action - the young woman standing in the hallway with our tray of food and a bottle of wine, or my suddenly flustered lover. 

"Um... room service," the young woman said, her face turning pink as she tried but failed to look everywhere expect Jessika's impressive bosom. "May I, uh, bring in this... um, your food?"

Jessika, her face red, moved back against the wall, holding the door open with one hand while she drew the upper part of her robe together with the other hand. The room service waitress moved as far as she could against the other wall and hurried past the brunette. 

"May I, um, set this on the table, sir," the waitress asked me. 

I was trying to keep from laughing, so I just nodded. The waitress was a cute young woman - probably in her mid-twenties - with straw colored hair and wide green eyes. She gave me a weak smile, which I returned, and sat the tray on the table. 

"Do you want me to open the wine, sir?" she inquired. 

"Just leave the corkscrew, if that is okay," I replied. 

"Ok, please sign this," she said, thrusting a leather check holder into my hand. "It's, um, the check, sir. You can charge it to the room or a credit card."

"We'll charge it to the room," I told her, signing the slip in the holder after writing in a nice tip. 

"Thank you," the waitress said as she took the holder, and I was quite sure I saw relief in her eyes. 

The young woman snapped the holder shut, turned, looked at Jessika standing there by the open door, then looked down and hurried from the room. My still embarrassed brunette lover let the door close behind the waitress. When it was shut, she put her head in her hands. 

"Fuck," she said loud enough for me to hear. 

I tried not to laugh, but I could not contain it. Dropping into a chair by the table, I just let myself go, laughing loud and hard. Jessika, her eyes blazing out of a still reddened face, looked up and glared at me. 

"It's not funny, Mark," she snapped. "I thought it would be a guy."

"No, it is funny," I chuckled, my amusement now under my control. "The look on your face must have been priceless. I know the look on her face was."

"That poor girl," Jessika sighed. "She was so embarrassed. I should have looked out the peephole first."

"I think you were pretty embarrassed too," I pointed out, "which somewhat surprises me, all things considered. 

"You mean because I was a stripper," Jessika, asked, shaking her head. 

"Yes," I agreed. "And because you often wear low-cut tops."

"I think I would have been okay if she had not stared at me then turned all pink," the brunette sighed as she dropped into the seat across from me. 

"You know, you do not have to keep your robe closed," I told her, as she was still holding the top of it together. 

To my surprise, Jessika's face, which had gone nearly back to original color, again reddened, albeit not as much as before. 

"I think I'd rather keep it closed," she said, her eyes on the food rather than looking at me. 

"It is not like I have not seen..." I started to say, but my lover interrupted me. 

"I know you've seen my boobs and everything else," Jessika said in a quiet voice. "But I don't want to be teased about this right now, and I think you would if let my robe open again."

"I am just kidding, Jessika," I assured her. "If you do not want me to tease you, I will not."

"Normally, I like it when you tease me," she admitted, looking up from her food and locking her gray eyes on mine, "but I'm feeling really bad for her. She was very uncomfortable coming into our room. I think it'd be wrong for us to laugh about it, at least right now. And I know that makes no sense, but it's how I feel. "

"Not a problem," I said.

We ate in silence for a several minutes, during which time Jessika drank a glass of wine. The wine seemed to help her calm down to the point that she let her robe fall open a bit, giving me a nice view. However, now that she was more relaxed, she wanted to talk about what had happened, specifically what the room service waitress might have thought about what was going on. 

"Do you think she thought we were trying to proposition her or something," the brunette asked me. 

"I doubt it, considering the mortified look on your face," I pointed out. 

"Then why was she so embarrassed?" Jessika continued. 

"Maybe it was just unexpected," I suggested, before trying a little levity. "Or maybe she was just shocked by how incredible your boobs are."

"Do you think maybe she likes girls?" Jessika blurted out, taking me comment in a direction I had not intended. "And maybe it was the same effect I might have had on a guy, but it embarrassed her because it was an unexpected situation."

"Now you are just bragging," I teased. 

Jessika shot me a look comparable to those she gave me on those occasions when I called her "cute," but just as in those cases, there did not appear to be any real animosity behind her glare. Then, with a shake of her head, she looked down at her food. 

"I guess we'll never know," she sighed. "I just can't get it out of my mind that she moved to the other side of the entry to avoid me, like she was scared of me. 

"Maybe she was embarrassed for you," I mused. "And she avoided looking at you when she left because she knew you were embarrassed."

My lover looked back up at me, and for the first time since she had pulled open the door, she smiled. 

"Thank you, Mark," she said. "You're sweet to try to find a way to make me feel better about this."

"I do not know about sweet - I just want to make sure you are not too distracted to put out," I confessed with mock seriousness. 

Jessika tried to look shocked at my admission, but she could not stifle a fit of giggles, which ruined the effect for which she had been aiming. Soon the giggles became laughter, and I joined in. 

"Oh Mark," she grinned. "This is why being with you is so much fun."

She reached across the table - causing her robe to pull apart enough to give me a full view of one of her lovely breasts - and took my hand, squeezing it. Then she let it go, stood up, tugged the belt of her robe free, and let it drop to the floor. I made a big show of seeming to be surprised as I ogled her up and down. 

"Damn you are hot, Jessika," I said. "No wonder that poor waitress could not take her eyes off you."

"Keep that up and I won't let you fuck me," she shot back, but we both knew that was an empty threat. 

Standing up, I pulled her to me for a kiss, and as our lips locked and our tongues played with each other, her hand snuck down to my crotch and rubbed my hardening penis through my sweats. Once I was fully erect, she broke the kiss, stepped back, and pulled my t-shirt up and over my head and arms. She then kissed her way down my chest and stomach before dropping to her keens and kissing my now rock hard manhood through my sweats. 

Deliberately, the curvy brunette pulled off my sweats first. Once they were off, she again kissed my erection, but this time only my underwear stood between her lips and my shaft. Then, after looking up into my eyes and winking, Jessika pulled down my underwear, freeing my penis, which she took hold of gently and admired from all angles before beginning to plant kisses all over it. 

However, I had another idea, so I reached down and pulled her to her feet. Jessika looked surprised, but I smiled at her reassuringly. 

"I'll let you pleasure me later," I said. "But I have something I want to try."

Jessika rolled her eyes and muttered, "How generous that you will 'let' me pleasure you later," as I lead her to the dressing room between the entry hall and the bathroom. 

The dressing room had a wide counter and a large mirror behind it. I turned the brunette to face the mirror. As she stood there looking at us in the mirror, I moved close behind her, my erection pushing up against her backside as I swept her hair aside and began kissing her neck and shoulder. Jessika locked her eyes on the reflection of mine in the mirror and bit her bottom lip as she let out a soft moan. When I reached up with both hands and firmly grasped her breasts, she moaned louder and closed her eyes briefly. When she reopened them, I could see by in the mirror that they were focused on the reflection of my hands on her breasts, not the reflection of my face.

"Lean over and put your hands on the counter," I instructed her. 

When Jessika had done as I told her, I let go of her breasts so they hung below her inclined torso. I watched her watch my hands as I began to slap her breasts back and forth, first gently then harder, causing them two swing from side to side. Before long, my lover's breathing had grown ragged. Her eyes never left the reflection in the mirror. 

Leaving off from slapping her pendulous bosom, I grabbed a hard, thick nipple with each hand and pulled down, elongating them. Doing so also pulled her heavy breasts down, drawing them taught. 

"FFFFFUUUUUCCCCCKKKKK..." Jessika moaned as a shiver ran through her body. 

"You like watching me play with your tits," I asked her, my own breathing growing heavy with desire. 

"Yes," she breathed, her eyes momentarily finding the reflection of mine. "I want to see you fuck me."

I released her nipples and grabbed her hip with my left as I spanked her bottom a couple of times with my right, eliciting a couple of yelps. Then I slid my right hand up her back and under her long, chocolate colored hair until I was able to grab it at the back of her skull. As I tightened my grip, I saw Jessika open her mouth wide and let loose a long moan, her eyes locked on her own face. 

Letting go of her hip for a moment, I guided my erect penis to her exposed pussy, positioning the head of it between her labia. After taking a hold of her sweetly curved hip again, I slowly thrust myself inside of her until my groin was up against her nicely rounded derriere. Jessika shivered again and let out another long moan. 
