 My name is Jessie. Jason and I have been together for two years now. We've just moved into a manufactured home that looks like a log cabin on two acres in the woods near Minden. I'm 24, work as an admin assistant during the week and, until about a year ago, was a stripper on the weekends. I miss all the attention, being told how beautiful I am and the extra money. Jason wants to get married and have kids. I'm not ready.

Today, Jason is at spring orientation for park contract services again. He has worked so hard to become a Park or Forest Ranger but there are no openings. Sure he gets to wear the military green uniform and work like a slave for eight month but his biology degree, his high score on the ranger tests, his two years as a "Ninety day wonder" and now his forth year as a contract field biologist still hasn't been enough to land a permanent position. The government would save money if they hired him; he makes more in eight months as an independent contractor but it is not what he wants.

While sorting through all my old stuff, I ran across my old diary. That's why I'm reminiscing. See, see this page, this is where we began:

Dear Diary - April 2, 2005  I finally got up the nerve to talk to Jason, woman to man. We have known each other for a while but he was with my best friend. When I first saw him, I felt he should be with me, not with Anne. We are both blond, tall, thin, athletic and the same age. Even our names fit together, Jason and Jessie. When Anne abruptly decided to move back to Michigan, Jason was really hurt, said nothing but was more sad and quiet than usual.

For our first date, we met for a late breakfast. I definitely felt the sexual tension between us. There is no mistaking the strength of his well-tanned 185 pound, six foot tall, ripped body. He is gentle and soft spoken yet you just feel his power and presence when he is in the same room.

"Jason, I have to admit I don't really know what you do. Please tell me."

"Generally, I get paid to wander around the mountains, streams and little lakes and look for plants and animals that should not be there. Anything that might threaten the ecology of Lake Tahoe. I have to write reports about everything I find or don't find. And like any job the bosses always have a lot of little stuff they add on."

"You go out by yourself a couple of weeks at a time?"

"Yea. Like in late May I'll go up around the Mosquito Lakes before the snow is all gone and before the tourist season starts. Besides checking the lakes and animals, I'll be checking facilities and making sure they are ready for visitors. If I find facility problems, I call them in."

I could not believe how forward I was. "Can I go wander around with you sometimes?"

"Jessie, I had no idea you would be interested in such things. Wouldn't you be bored silly?"

"Why would you think that? I was a real tomboy as a kid. I used to camp and fish with my Dad a lot."

"You are the most beautiful woman I know. You dress to kill and you are used to getting lots of attention from all kinds of adoring guys. Guys with money. Fun guys that know how to party. Out in the field, it would not be like that. I would love your company, but I'm often serious and quiet. Didn't Anne tell you how boring I am?"

"She said you were a gentle caring man and a great lover."

Big, strong, beautiful Jason blushed but recovered quickly.

"No, I'm talking about how she felt about all the hours in the day when she was bored and disappointed that I wasn't a party animal and more fun. Disappointed that she wasn't with someone else."

"Sounds like she had some problems, I didn't know about."

"She was a great girl. She wasn't good alone and I could not give her enough attention to make her happy. Knowing she was disappointed with me was very hard. I don't want to ever feel that again."

"Jason, I was just looking for an adventure. I would carry my weight, help with the work and not expect you to entertain me. Hiking around the lakes, camping in the cold, fishing out of season for breakfast and sharing the mountains with a friend sounded like fun." 

"God, Jessie, if you really mean that, you are definitely invited and I would be delighted to have your company."

Over the next week, I got time off for a ten-day trek into the woods with Jason. We talked a lot on the phone. Anything I was missing, or we needed, he borrowed or bought – a cold weather mummy bag for me, cleats for my hiking boots, a two-person tent, more freeze dried provisions, etc. His Park Service provided vehicle had tons of stuff, but we would be on foot. He was a pro at this and I felt safe putting myself in his hands. We even spent an evening with him telling me how the first few days would be. He was so excited. I wanted him to shut up and kiss me but he didn't.

Damn it was cold when Jason picked me up at six a.m. on Sunday morning. He wasn't supposed to go to work until Monday morning but he wanted to search a small lake early on the first day for some alien species of a Brim like fish that had been reported last year. His excitement was infectious and cute. Still he wanted to check all my safety items before we drove an inch – Cell phone and gps locator, whistle, compass, knife, survival blanket, flash light, fishing line, hooks, matches, flare and on-and-on. Lots of stuff but amazingly it took up very little room.

Finally, I stood directly in front of him and said, "I have everything, Jason. It's ok. Let's get going."

He towered over me as our eyes locked in the dim light, "I just want you to be safe."

"I know."

We were both surprised when he bent down and kissed me. It just happened and we both stiffened when our lips touched. He pushed me away, not making eye contact and said, "Sorry" as he turned to open the passenger side door on the Suburban for me. I really wanted to say it was all right and that I liked it, but I stayed quiet.

It was an hour and a half drive to where we would leave the car. During the drive we talked about what the weather forecast was for the next ten days and lots of small talk. Jason was clearly uneasy. The conversation turned more serious as we parked and started to get out. 

"Jessie, I want to tell you some things before we start our hike. On the work side, you are welcomed to get involved in any aspect of the survey; I'll show you what I'm looking for and welcome the help. We will be a team on this trip and have to count on each other. I often get so involved that you will think I have forgotten about you. That is something I do and I'm trying to overcome. I'll apologize now. The truth is, I really care about you. I'm hoping to learn all about you during our days together. And in turn, you can ask me anything you want to and I will try to answer you completely. 

Lastly, I really want you to feel safe around me. I would never hurt you. I am very concerned that I scared you or messed up our trip. I appreciate the trust you have placed in me. That kiss was out of line. I definitely know what "No" means and never want you to feel uncomfortable around me. If you are already uncomfortable, I can take you back and start my work tomorrow."

"I'm ready and anxious for our trip. I wasn't offended by the kiss. I liked it. Now let's go so you can earn your paycheck from the Park Service."

Jason smiled from ear to ear and bounded out of the car and started unloading our packs.

Right before our eleven a.m. break for lunch I was wondering what I had gotten myself into. I thought I was in shape. Without getting winded or breaking a sweat, Jason got both himself and me, up a ten-foot high rock face, over slippery logs and through very dense stands of trees. It was cloudy. I had no idea where we were, how to get back, which way was North. It was dawning on me just how dependent I was on him and what he had been trying to tell me. He seemed to sense my growing discomfort.

"How about chili and rice for lunch?"

Jason helped me off with my pack, settled me down by a seasonal stream that was cutting its path through snow patches and soggy evergreen debris. He continued trying to make me feel safe, "I was a little surprised when my boss said I could have a friend hike with me this week. He just had me fill our a sheet accepting responsibility and had me register your locator in your name and address."

The little break was great. The afternoon brought warmer weather, beautiful waterfalls, a few deer and a few coyotes. At four we came upon a small beautiful lake that necked down and then connected to a second lake just like the first. "Welcome to the first Mosquito Lake. It will be dark soon. Let's set up camp and work from here for a couple of days."

We talked in the dark by the flickering fire from about five-thirty until a little after seven p.m. Then I, the dancer, the party girl, the well-conditioned girl, the let's party till dawn girl was nodding off. I heard Jason laugh and joke with me, "I warned you. My conversation has that affect on beautiful women. They go to sleep on me mid-sentence."

He guided me to the tent and lit the lantern inside for me to get settled. All the time I was telling him I was sorry for falling asleep.

"It's ok. It's ok. You've done wonderfully today. Everyone goes to bed early in the mountains. Its dark, its cold and sleeping bags are inviting. Have you ever camped in the cold before?"

"Not really"

"You will be very cold in the morning, if you sleep in your clothes."

I was waking up some and mocked him, "Jason, are you trying to get me out of my clothes way up here lost in the wilderness?"

"Only if I get to kiss every inch of you." He swatted me on my jean-covered butt and headed back toward the fire saying, "Now get some sleep, I'll have coffee ready in the morning."

I giggled a little, happy by the relaxing relationship. I stripped, slipped into the mummy bag, had a thought that I would get up first and make the coffee and then I died.

About eight a.m. I smelled coffee and felt the heat of the cup Jason was waving under my nose.

"I haven't slept twelve straight hours since I was sixteen."

I started to wiggle out of the sleeping bag. As my breasts popped free, I remembered the situation. This wasn't the strip club. "I sorry, I forgot."

"Last night, you also forgot that a tent is gives great silhouettes. I loved looking at you in silhouette last night and you are breath taking this morning." 

"Well unless you want to see everything, you better turn away. I have to pee so bad I don't have time to get dressed."

He responded and I wiggled free, stood completely nude and wrapped myself in the mummy bag before I raced by him. I could feel his eyes follow and watch my every move. His words did not register until I was squatting and a strong stream hissed from between my pussy's lips.

Jason had said, "Now that I've found you, I could never turn away from you."

As I returned to the tent wrapped tightly against the cold, Jason intercepted me and wrapped his arms around me, my arms and the bag. "May I kiss you again?"

"Yes."

My mouth was already slightly open when he got there. Instead of a kiss, he first lightly licked my lips until my tongue slipped out on its own. He sucked that too and then pushed it back into my mouth with his tongue. As our lips touched for the first time, I felt something new; I felt his caring and his need to protect me. I desperately needed another kiss and forced my arms up through his to hug around his neck and hold his wonderful lips to mine. The mummy bag slid down my body and puddled around my feet.

It was like I was watching us in a dream. Jason let his left hand follow the bag down and come to rest on my butt. He pulled me tight, pushed his tongue into my mouth as deep as it could go and moved his right hand to cup my left breast. I sucked hard and he groaned into my mouth forcing some of his breath into my lungs. For a moment I was living on the air that he had lived on just a moment before.

He held me tight. Nothing was moving, except his cock growing between us. My backside was cold in the 20-degree temperature. I shivered and pulled back from his kiss. Jason's eyes locked on mine. They sparkled and danced. They were filled with lust and a little danger. I could feel every cell in his body struggling for control. I hoped he would not succeed, but he did. He squeezed my butt cheek, "You don't want to freeze that beautiful butt off. Get dressed; I'll get breakfast ready. We have a busy work day ahead of us."

Last year's reports were right. By late morning, we had netted several blue and yellow marked fish that should not be in the pond. Jason measured them, photographed them and filleted them for lunch. I was starting to do my share of the camp work. After receiving a couple of compliments, I decided to push my luck.

"You keep pulling back from me. Does it bother you that I am a stripper?"

"God, Jessie, I want you so much, you take my breath away. Our worlds are very different. I definitely don't want to be just one of your numbered admirers. As far as I know you have ten boyfriends on the string at a time. I am struggling to understand how you feel about me. I'm not a jealous man. If you want to dance then I want that for you. Yes, there are things that bother me about you stripping. If you were my steady and I knew you were always coming home to me after your shift, I would accept anything you do."

"What bothers you about me stripping?"

"Jessie, I'm uneasy about how much I have disclosed to you already. Let me deal with how much I've fallen for you in such a short time. Let's get back to work while we have the light. We can talk all night if you want."

While I cleaned up after dinner, Jason wrote about today's findings into his PC. He only had to go on line via his cell phone and upload his report once a week. I read over his shoulder and was surprised that he had given me credit for several finds today.

For the first time Jason shocked me. "Now for the painful part. It will be dark in a few minutes but I need a bath and that water is going to be so cold. Jessie, if you do any peeking, don't laugh when I shrink to be a one inch wonder."

He stripped in plain view, ten feet from me. I had three quick thoughts. Jason was beautiful. His body hair was blond and not thick. And there was no way that was going to shrink to down to a one inch wonder.

I did not want to be out done. After all I was the stripper. I started stripping out of my clothes as I heard the splash of his running dive. I was laughing, when I hit the water. Damn it was cold. Jason was there to pull me up. When I stood, only my head was above the water.

As he held me, I pulled his head down to kiss me and used it to pull my feet up and wrap my legs around his waist. I was right. I had my own strong thick perch to sit on. For the next fifteen minutes we played, kissed and touched as it got darker and the near full moon peaked through clouds just above the black treetops. I was freezing. So was Jason. But neither of us wanted to stop. Finally, without soap he washed every inch of my body and I returned the favor. He picked me back up, returning me to my perch and walked out of the water carrying me to the fire and the two towels he had stacked there. Our sleeping bags were there also.

Jason told me to get into my sleeping bag while he stoked the fire and that we would stay outside the tent and talk as long as I wanted. I had just been washed. Yet as I slipped into the bag I could smell my own arousal. I could not take my eyes off my naked ranger. His body was graceful in the flickering firelight. His breath was starting to smoke from his mouth and his cock was stiff and bobbed as he worked for me.

Another surprise. When he slipped into his sleeping bag beside mine, he zipped them together so they became just one large one. I needed his touch, rolled on top of him and hungrily devoured his mouth with mine. Jason let me lead and take what I wanted. Oh, he kissed back, rubbed my breast and slipped a finger into my wet cunt several times but mostly I was wild and hot. I wanted to feel every inch of him touch every inch of me so I squirmed and wiggled. I rubbed his neck and body, licked his ears, ducked under and sucked his nipples. I pulled his dick and played a little too roughly with his balls. He never said a word. He just let me do what I wanted.

It was inevitable that with all my moving, the head of his cock would slip just between my pussy's lips. His strong hands stopped me hovering seven inches from heaven. "Jessie, I wasn't expecting this, I don't have any condoms with me. I have no diseases but could easily get you pregnant."

I knew his silence demanded my response. "I don't have any diseases either and I'm on the pill."

His hands relaxed and dropped down onto his body. About two inches of his thickness slipped in and we both groaned in pleasure. I had to rise up and press down three more times to get him all the way into me. He guided me to rock my hips into him so his shaft rubbed along my clit on most of the in and out stroke. I quickly learned to use the slight upward arch of his cock to let the tip push into my g-spot as I started to engulf him on each downward thrust.

Never had I been this hot, this demanding or ready to cum this fast. He grasped my head between his hands, "Keep going; use my body for your pleasure. Look into my eyes and let me watch you cum for the first time with me."

I exploded atop him. I couldn't stop. This was not like me. I usually cum once and stop. Maybe I was just cuming once, but it was a long once. I grabbed at him for leverage, growled to get more strength to keep going. I was wetting the sleeping bag, didn't care and couldn't stop, but I was slowing out of exhaustion.

Jason rolled over easily, pinning be beneath him and pulled half way out of me. I had a quick thought that we must look like a giant caterpillar humping along the ground. His first thrust jarred me into the ground. I could feel my body opening, spreading and surrendering to him. He had learned what I like from my moves. He tortured my clit and scraped the helmet of his cock along the rough spongy spot inside on every stroke.

I heard myself screaming, "I'm going to cum again." I did, just as he arched his back and all his weight settled into my hips as I felt him throbbing, jerking and pouring deep into me.

He sensed when his weight might be a problem for me and rolled onto his side. We were face to face only inches apart and he was stroking my hair back out of my eyes and tenderly circling my ear with the tips of his fingers. 

"I didn't do what I had thought about all day."

I looked at him challenging him to go on.

"I've thought about kissing every inch of you, licking your pussy and sucking you clit. I'm a very oral man."

"That sounds wonderful. You can have any part of me, any way you want, any time you want."

His hands went between my legs and pushed up. I scooted half way out of the sleeping bag as he slipped down and closed his lips over my drenched, oozing cunt. I was tender but gasped, rolled onto my back and opened wide, inviting his tongue to lick me. No one had ever gone down on me after sex, but this felt too wonderful for any thoughts. 

I never felt his finger slip into me and press up on my G-spot. His lips closed around my clit and he sucked lightly in time with that magic finger that pulled me up. I was so slippery there was very little friction but lots of sensations. It tickled and hurt delightfully at the same time.

A thumb and finger rolled a nipple for a while and then disappeared. I wanted it back. It had felt good and got me close again. My body had arched but lowered down again when my nipple was left rock hard in the cold night air. Jason had never stopped his gentle rhythm on my clit with his tongue or his pressure on my g-spot. Now he was varying his stroke and making it stronger. He was going to make me cum again. How wonderful.
