 I went through college and then went straight on and got a master's degree and my teaching credential. But when I actually taught, I discovered I hated the little bastards. I'm just absolutely no good at discipline. I just want everyone to be nice and behave and, of course, that isn't the way the world goes. So, faced with needing a new career, I tried sales. I got a job from two guys that had started their own sales representative business and had succeeded to the point they needed another body and were willing to try someone inexperienced and train him. It actually was going well, I liked what I was doing and my bosses seemed to like me. I was starting to make more than beginner's pay.We had a new client who came to town to visit his few customers and work with us in developing new ones. I had him the last two days of his visit. On the last day we worked San Diego, visited a number of potential clients and had a good day. He mentioned that he would like to visit Mexico since he was so close.

I'd been in Southern California for several years, had gone to Tijuana and the bull fights at least a half dozen times. This was several years ago and I'm sure Tijuana has changed. Back then it was corrupt. The bars on the main street featured strippers. Strippers who ended up completely nude. If there happened to be a drunk in the audience that was uninhibited enough to climb up on the stage, the audience even got to occasionally watch actual, live fucking. At another time, the town was clean but there was a big brothel thrown up just outside of town. It depended which crook was in control and how he chose to get his graft as to how open the town was. At the time we went to Tijuana, the bars were wide open with naked strippers, any and all of whom were also available for sex for money. It was a sordid representative for the good country of Mexico but that's the way it was.

So, this guy, who's probably in his early fifties and me, in my mid twenties, end up in a bar after strolling the main street, eating in a restaurant and visiting several leather shops (he bought leather jackets for himself and his wife to take home to Connecticut). We're sitting at a table that's in sort of the second ring around a stage that juts well out into the room. There are also front row tables where you can actually reach out and touch the dancers. But we were back a little, just tourists watching the show, not getting involved. We saw one dancer do her routine, which means she got her clothes off fairly quick and went around, nude, trying to collect money from front row people in exchange for various touching and feeling. It's not good show business, it's just a naked woman soliciting on stage in front of a tired three piece band, but it's what made money, I guess.

Then the next girl comes out and I sit up and take notice. I don't know why some one person seems particularly appealing to another person. But this girl, to me at least, was the absolute sexiest female I'd ever seen. She had a cute face and a very lush body. It was obvious that she wasn't used to this, didn't quite know how to do it. She got naked fairly quick as she was supposed to. But she didn't have regular stripper's clothes, she wasn't in time with the music, she didn't know the bump and grind routines. She just displayed the sexiest body I'd ever seen. All curves. Black hair and eyes, a nice smile. Great tits, shapely legs, a firm ass. Slightly rounder that a runway model but that made her even sexier to me. She almost seems like a pretty girl strolling around that happened to be naked. Anyway, she put in her required minutes before leaving the stage for the next girl.

I had been motioning to her to come to our table. The guy with me just smiled, watching me. I told him that I'd never done this before but that girl was really attractive. Anyway, a minute later, now with a simple dress on, she came to the table, accompanied by an older woman. The pretty young girl actually sat on my lap so I got to hold and touch her. To me, she's even sexier up close than far away. I truly want her. The older woman, it turns out, is along as a translator since the girl doesn't speak English. She lets us know how much a fuck costs and that it involves going to a local motel. Of course, she's more than a translator, she wants to sell herself to the guy with me, who turns her down. So she leaves. Meantime, the pretty girl, Maria's her name, is having a beer and sitting on my lap and I'm holding her waist with one arm and a thigh with the other. I really want her. And she's obviously available.So I ask the guy I'm with if it's o.k. that I go with her and meet him at my car later. We actually agree on a time and I leave with Maria.

All of this is not like me. What happened later isn't like me either. But somehow, Maria just drew out all my sexual longing and drove away my common sense. I went with her about three blocks to this dingy motel. If I had any sense, I wouldn't be there. We stop at a window, sort of like a cashier's window in a drive-thru fast food place, and I have to pay the guy there for the room. Inside, it's a concrete block structure, painted light green. The room is roughly square with a doorway covered with a hanging cloth leading to a minimal bathroom. In the room is a bed, a chair and a small chest of drawers. A very crummy place. On the way over, I had my arm around Maria and she had hers around me. I felt her ass a little and she felt mine. She said some things but since I speak no Spanish I had no idea what she said. I said a few things to her but I'm sure she had no idea what. I think that I made up a story in my mind that she's a small town girl who just got suckered into this and I'm her first customer. Which certainly wasn't true.

As soon as we're in, she pulls off her dress, takes of her bra, pulls down her panties, steps out of her huaraches, and is completely naked. From her gestures, I realize she wants her money. So I get out my wallet, pull out what I understand was needed, and give it to her. She puts it on top of the dresser, returns to me and smiles really nice. I had been getting out of my clothes. Since she was naked, I might as well be, also. Once I get my boxers off, she looks in my face smiling, then looks down at my cock and gets an even bigger grin, and reaches out and grasps it with one hand, then looks back up at me, still smiling.

What do you do with whores? I guess you can just lay them down and fuck them. That would probably be sensible. That's probably what every previous customer of hers did. But I found this girl very appealing. So I put my arms around her and kiss her. She kisses back. She lets go of my cock and gets both her arms around me as I hold her. Kissing, then stopping for a breath and then kissing again, I move us to the bed. She lays down on her back, I lay down next to her and get a hand to one of her breasts as I kiss her again. Slowly, I slide down a little and get my mouth to one breast. I'd never been with a sexier girl. Luscious breasts. Delicious.I fondle one while sucking on the other and slide my hand down between her legs to feel her. She's wet. She's aroused. I realize this is a whore I hired but I do what I really want to and slide down a little more and get my mouth to her pussy. She happily spreads her legs and I get at her. I treat her as I would my best girlfriend and really go for her. Her pussy's even more delicious than her breasts. She lasts three of four minutes and has an orgasm and first pushes me into her more and then pulls me away. I slide back up and we kiss again and then she slides down me, doing me as I had her.

I didn't last long at all and she gets a mouthful. It wasn't the best blow job in my life. I knew a girl in school that was like a pro. So Maria lacked a little in technique but it sure seemed as if she wanted to suck me as much as I had wanted to lick her. Then we're kissing again and I roll on a condom and get in position and she helps aim me into her and we fuck. She doesn't just lay there and take it. She's into it as much as me. She practically lifts my whole body into the air at times. She has another orgasm, wraps her legs around me and holds me tight. I'm still hard. She ends up on top riding me. This time when she orgasms, her insides flex on me to the point that I cum, too. 

We're laying there next to one another. I have an inspiration. I ask her if she wants to come to Los Angeles. If she wants to get in the trunk of my car and let me take her home with me. Of course, I can't just ask this because we don't understand one another. But I sure want to fuck her some more. So with sign language and occasional words (I remember "mi casa" to let her know I wanted her to come home with me. and "El Norte" which I knew meant the USA) we understand one another and she comes with me. I had driven into Tijuana and parked in a municipal lot (which may not be the smartest thing to do but who said I was all that smart) so I get her into the trunk and close the lid and turn to head towards the bar to find the guy I had been with when he comes walking towards me.

He doesn't know that I have the girl in the trunk so when we go through the border check point, I'm a little nervous but he's not and we make it through easily. We get to the motel where we're both staying, in separate rooms of course. We agree to meet early to get him to his early plane reservation and he goes to his room. I open the trunk and help Maria out and we go to my room. She's naked almost as soon as we're in the door and on me, her arms around me, kissing me. So I get naked, too. She has hold of my cock and gets us on the bed and climbs on me and sits down on me, taking me up into her. I actually reach around with my hand and find a condom and with hand signals get her to get off me long enough to get the condom on. She actually rolls it down and then climbs onto it again. I think she'd be perfectly willing to fuck bareback but I don't want to get her pregnant. I know condoms are for disease control but that never entered my horny mind (and should have). I just didn't want to find myself a father.

Later we showered together. She seemed to glory in what a terrific room we had and what a great bathroom. She sucked on me a little as we washed, grinning at me almost as if we were playing a game. So I got down and licked her a little, as well as sucking on her nipples as I washed her. We ended up on the bathroom floor, her sitting on my face as she leaned down to suck my cock. We sixty-nined until she had an orgasm but I was going to last for awhile. So we ended up back on the bed and did it doggie style until she orgasmed again. As I pulled out and she turned over and sat up, we ended up kissing and somehow, I'm not sure how, as we re-positioned ourselves we were standing up and she had her arms around my neck and sort of jumped up on me and my cock got into her again and I lurched across to a wall to lean her against and we fucked standing.

The next morning she was sucking my cock to wake me. How do you deny her? I had her move around so I could eat her at the same time. By then, we had little time. I tried to let her know that I'd come back for her but she either didn't trust me or didn't under stand me so she ended up back in the trunk while I took the other guy to the airport, where we had a quick breakfast after he checked in. Then, back in the parking lot alone, I let her out of the trunk and we both got in the front seat and I head to Los Angeles and home. My car has bucket seats so she couldn't sit tight against me but she had her hands on me all the way. She even had me unzipped so she could play with my cock as we neared my apartment.

I can't describe that day. A Saturday. I can't believe anyone in the history of the world had more sex in as short time as we did. She's insatiable. The only limit is my erection or lack of. In between we did manage to eat most of what I had in my refrigerator, which wasn't much, or eat each other. I was glad I had bought a quantity of condoms. I know it's impossible but if I had kept count and claimed I had twenty ejaculations in the day it wouldn't surprise me. She probably had fifty or more. We just never seemed to stop. Although we did get some sleep finally. I woke before her and as I thought about what we would do that day, I had a revelation.

This girl has no clothes. Only the outfit she's wearing. She has no cosmetics, no sanitary gear or whatever you call it. I mean, she must need a douche. And sooner or later she's going to have a period. Or at least I hope so. We can't talk to one another. How do I solve this? How am I going to keep her around as I go to work? What's she going to do? I hadn't thought anything beyond fucking her a lot.

The neighborhood where I live, just south of Santa Monica, has become very Hispanic. I need a translator. There's what I can only describe as a general store not far away. It's more than a mini-mart like at some gas stations, it's like a miniature Wal-Mart in a way. It's pretty much a Spanish market, the signs tend to be in both English and Spanish. It's very convenient, it's open a lot, so I've gone there often whenever I need almost anything. There's a lady there, Mrs. Castaneda, that either owns it or manages it or just works a lot because she's usually there. I feel like I know her, I've been there so much and we've talked a little bit. So I figure I can take Maria there and we can get everything out in the open, can talk to one another through Mrs. Castaneda.

So, after getting Maria some breakfast, and I'm sure she isn't used to corn flakes, I take her to the market and find Mrs. Castaneda.

"Mrs. Castaneda, can I get a couple minutes of your time?" I ask her.

She smiles at me, looks at Maria and then at me, and says, "Yes, What is it you want?"

"I don't know exactly how to say this so I might as well just be honest," I tell her. "This is Maria, I brought her here from Mexico and she doesn't speak English. I want her to stay with me but I need to get her some clothes and whatever else she needs and I can't talk with her because I can't speak Spanish."

Mrs. Castaneda looks at me. She may even be angry, then turns to Maria and they jabber at each other in Spanish for what seems like a long time. Then Mrs. Castaneda turns to me. "Maria says you owe her a lot of money. You agreed to pay her $50 for sex and you've had sex so often that you owe her hundreds and hundreds of dollars, maybe more." She crossed her arms and looked at me, very firmly.

"I didn't realize that she expected to get paid every time. I paid her the first time and then planned to bring her home and live with her. I do plan to make sure she has everything she needs and a place to live. She probably needs to go to school for English, maybe more. I thought I was doing her a favor, getting her out of a bad situation and bringing her here to have a chance at a better life."

Mrs. Castaneda stared at me a moment and then turned to Maria and they jabbered some more. Maria made gestures and looked at me and pointed at me as she talked. Then Mrs. Castaneda turned to me, "Do you plan to marry her?"

"Marry her?" Oh shit, what do I do. "I hadn't planned on marrying anyone. I don't want to hurt her, I want to help her. I mean, she can't just be turned loose in this city, she'd be taken advantage of. I want to help her have a better life."

"But you intend to keep having sex with her?"

"Well, yes. It's obvious that she loves it. I'm not forcing her to do anything she doesn't want to. And I definitely want to. She's a very attractive girl. I've never known anyone I wanted more than I want her."

She turned back to Maria and talked some more. At one point Maria looked at me and grinned, looking very sexy, and nodded in what I interpreted as a yes motion, and the talk went on. Then back to me. "Apparently Maria wants to stay with you. She seems to like you, for some reason. But there are a lot of things you need to buy for her. We can probably do most of it here and I can send you to the right store for anything else. But the question of money hasn't been settled, Maria thinks you owe her and so do I. I imagine the amount will be minus the cost of whatever you buy for her but she needs to have some money for her own use."

"Okay. I agree in general. When you start helping her pick things, please also include some food. I don't think she's used to eating the same things as I am and we should have something she likes. Do you know anything about any adult school where she could go to learn English?"

"Yes. Many of my customers go to a class like that or once did. I'll talk to her about it. But it's through the Santa Monica school district, you can call them and make arrangements."

And that started a life that included lots of sex with a beautiful girl but was definitely not exactly what I had expected when I brought her home. To begin with, I wasn't used to having sex multiple times every day, day after day. I loved it but before I would get lucky only every once in a while. I wasn't used to living with someone else. Particularly a sexy girl. I'd be shaving and she'd be sitting next to me, naked, peeing. We slept naked and she stayed naked a lot. Which was great for sex but not my norm for all of my earlier life. Her diet was different than mine. She'd accommodate me at times but I still ended up eating an awful lot of frijoles and tamales and such. 

I went to work five days a week. Mostly it was standard nine to five but sometimes ran a little late. So she watched a lot of television. We talked with Mrs. Castaneda often. It was the only way to communicate other than sexually. Maria did start English as a second language classes and she seemed to learn quickly. Mrs. Castaneda must have liked her because she gave her a part-time job in the market. I spent what seemed a lot on things for her, clothes, cosmetics, etc. I arranged a doctor's appointment to get her on birth control pills as well as a general checkup. She was healthy. As a young single guy I had a few friends, had gone to bars with groups and tried to continue that but had to bring Maria along which changed things. I started to get treated more like a married guy or at least someone in a commitment.

I even thought about marrying her. I would never have a better sexual relationship with anyone. She really liked sex. Particularly oral. I could lay on the couch to watch TV and she'd come over, take off her panties and lift up her skirt and sit on my face. She isn't bashful that way. Of course, she'd also blow me a lot. And since we're both sleeping naked, we had lots and lots of sex in bed. But I realized that I could never get my mind to ignore how I met her, what her background was. And our differences in culture arose often. Once Mrs. Castaneda told me that Maria had either fucked a customer for money or had at least suggested it so I had better start making sure she had enough money because Mrs. Castaneda didn't want her market to become a brothel.

This went on for a little over three months. By now, we didn't need condoms any more. We actually could communicate, not perfectly but good enough, since she had learned a lot in class. Then, she tells me that an instructor at school had asked her out. I question her and it turns out he's a young hispanic guy, college degree, seems very nice to her. She says he's really shy, had looked at her a lot before finally getting up nerve to ask her out. I told her she should go out with him if she wants to and also told her that he isn't a customer. Don't offer to fuck him for money. In fact, don't fuck him. Be careful, act like a nice girl. Then I took her to Mrs. Castaneda. It turns out that she knows the guy, she likes him. She also likes Maria. They jabbered a lot in Spanish. Well, Maria might have learned some English but I hadn't learned much Spanish. But I'm pretty sure that Mrs. Castaneda was telling her what I had. This is a very nice guy and if Maria could land him it would be very good for her.
