 "Let's get out of here." I mouthed the words to her as we sat at the kitchen table of our mutual friends apartment.

"Do you want to?" She tried to whisper back. She seemed surprised I had even suggested it.

I simply nodded my head and she took my hand.

She lived in the same apartment building so the walk was quick. She lead the way as we walked up the stairs to her place, me trying to catch a peek underneath her tight dress at the secrets it kept underneath. She opened the door into the living room and her roommates were all there. They starred at me, they knew who I was, and then they starred at her. They knew what she was doing, and like me, I think they were wondering why. I tried to make small talk while standing there, but it was clumsy. I saw my red headed girl looking in the freezer and her dress was riding up more and more. She took a bottle of jack from the freezer and grabbed me by the hand. We said good night to everyone and went to her room. 

I entered her room first, she followed and closed the door as I pinned her to it. I grabbed her by the thighs and picked her off the ground as I kissed her on the lips. I felt the coolness of the bottle on my back as the heat of her lips hit me in the front. I slipped her dress up and for the first time got to feel the skin I had been waiting to touch all night. It was dark but I could feel the lace of her thong against her smooth skin. with her still pinned against the door I started to rub my thumb on the front of her thong. I felt nails dig into my skin as moans started to escape her.

"This one is a screamer" I thought to myself as I began to rub harder and harder. She started grinding up and down on the door when suddenly she said "stop"

I let her down off the door she looked at me, eyes wide, dress up to her belly button, and said

"We have to have a drink first"

She smiled at me as she unscrewed the cap to the bottle and grabbed two glasses off her shelf, snifters, I'm beginning to really like this girl.

She pours two drinks, dress still a mess and looks at me as I go to grab a glass from her. She sees me reach for the glass and pulls it away at the last second.

"You know, here I am half naked, it doesn't seem fair that I'm the only one."

I take the hint and quickly undo my jeans, stepping out of them So that I am in my briefs, which have quite the wet spot, and dress shirt.

"I mean this thong really doesn't hide anything, and those cover so much, it just still doesn't seem fair."

I get the hint. With a smile I slowly slide my briefs down, as I do my cock comes into view. It bobs up and down with drops of precum on the end. My red headed girl sees my the clear precum on my tip and takes a drink of whiskey. She bends at the waist and licks all the cum off of my cock. I can feel the coolness of the whiskey and the heat of her mouth on my tip as she looks up at me with her big green eyes. 

"I always like a bit of cum with my whiskey." She says with a devilish smile.

"There's more where that came from." I reply back.

We sit on her bed with our drinks as we talk. My eyes locked on her thong, her eyes locked on my cock. My cock is now throbbing, moving with every heart beat, pouring out more precum. And everyone once in while she simply takes a finger, gets some cum on there and mixes it with her whiskey.

Soon we get to the to end of our drinks.

"Could you do me a favor? I'm getting hot, could you unzip me?"

She stands up with her back to me. I don't need to be asked twice as I unzip her dress. She wears no bra. My Red Headed Beauty is now in just a thong. She tries to turn and face me but I grab her. I pull her close as my cock slips between her legs. I grab her by waist and thrust with nothing separating us but a thin piece of cloth. I kiss her neck, I bit her shoulders, and I thrust. Making sure that my shaft rubbing right against her pussy. She starts to pull at her thong, she starts to beg me.

"Fuck me, please just fuck me." She cries over and over.

I stop thrusting and I rip her thong down, I take the head of my cock and rub it on her now bare clit. She's no longer speaking, she's just trying to keep air in her lungs. I grab her and throw her down on her bed. She spreads her legs wide open and rubs her inner thighs with her hands. I climb on top of her. I kiss her lips, I kiss her neck, I kiss her collar bone, I gently suck on her puffy nipples, I kissed her belly button, and the I lick her all the way from her asshole to her clit in one long lick. It picks her off the bed and she sends out a long drawn out moan. I start to lick every inch of her pussy. I feel hands pulling my hair as I move up and gently, with just the tip of my tongue, lick her clit. A scream escapes her mouth. Soon I have a rhythm going and just as she starts dig her nails into me I drive two fingers into her wet pussy.

"Oh my god." She keeps saying over and over. As my fingers slam into her over and over. Her body is tightening up, her screams are getting louder and her breath is getting deeper.

And then it happens, like a wave hitting both of us she cums. She's bucking up and down, she's pulling my hair. And then there is silence. She's breathing hard. I look into her eyes as i put my arms around her.

"My name's Rebecca."

"I'm Jay."

To be continued...