 "I want to suck your dick."

There, I'd finally said it. Calmly and clearly, even though my stomach was twisted into knots. I was back in town, two years after I graduated from college here. I'd asked my former professor, Ethan, if I could have a few minutes of his time, and met him at his home. I'd asked around discretely, and learned that he was still unattached, which gave me the courage to speak my mind.

"What, Ava?" Ethan said, his eyes betraying confusion. He looked as yummy as ever.

"Ethan, you teach Biology. Surely you know what a 'dick' is," I replied.

His face colored with a purplish flush. "Certainly I know what it is. But you said you wanted to do what?"

"I want to suck it. Yours, that is," I repeated. "I want to get on my knees, unzip you, pull out your dick, stick it in my mouth, and inhale." It was actually sort of cute to see him squirm, shifting from one of his legs to the other. I assumed that my straightforward statement was getting him aroused. The shifting was probably a 'no hands' attempt to untangle his swelling equipment from his underwear.

"Are you serious?" he asked, his voice squeaking slightly.

"Of course, I am," I answered. "You've never heard that statement before?" I asked, letting incredulity creep into my tone.

He fingered his collar, as if it had suddenly grown too small for his neck. I'd never actually seen anyone do that before. I thought it was only something people said in stories. "Not exactly phrased like that, before," he admitted. He was so gorgeous when he's flustered.

"But you have experienced having your dick sucked at some point or another, haven't you?" I asked, sounding curious.

"Well, yes. I have to admit that I have," he stammered.

"Did you like it? Maybe I'm proposing to do something you abhor?" I asked, sounding solicitous.

His red flush of embarrassment grew more intense, contrasting fiercely with his otherwise pale skin and blonde hair. "I... I..." His voice stalled.

"You did, or you didn't?" I prompted. "It's a simple question."

It appeared he conducted an internal war, then blurted out, "I did!"

"It's much preferable to masturbation, isn't it?" I queried.

"Ava! How can you be talking like this?" he asked, sounding mortified.

"Oh goodness! You mean you prefer masturbation to having your dick sucked?" I was pretty sure I had him on the ropes now.

"No, I don't prefer it. I mean I have the other preference. I mean, no I don't do it - masturbate I mean," he gurgled. I knew he was lying.

"I know that was a lie," I shared with him. "But your sentence was so convoluted that I can't tell if you were lying about not masturbating at all, or lying about preferring having your dick sucked," I continued.

Exasperated, he tried again. "Look Ava, when you asked for a few minutes of my time, I never even considered you might mean this."

"You mean it takes you more than a few minutes to cum when someone sucks your dick? You have trouble reaching orgasm?" I asked, my voice dripping with concern. "Honestly, that's much better than being a premature ejaculator," I assured him.

"No, I don't mean that at all," he rebutted, very disconcerted now.

"You realize that we've already used up much more than a few minutes with all this back and forth dialogue, don't you?" I pointed out. "I could have already been on my knees, put your dick in my mouth, gotten a mouthful of your cum, zipped you back up, and been on my way again by now." 

His jaws went up and down several times silently, looking a bit like a goldfish out of water. Finally, he articulated a sentence. "You mean you'd suck me off, and then just walk away?"

"Oh? Would you want more than that? Something like your finger in my cunt? Or maybe your tongue there? Gosh - maybe even your dick there? I'm willing to negotiate, you know," I said, deadpan, repressing my urge to giggle.

"I think I need to sit down," he gasped.

I eyed his crotch. "Well, judging from the fact that your bulge is poking down into your left pants leg, I'd advise you to free your erection before you bend your thighs to sit, to prevent a serious injury," I stated, smiling.

He squirmed anew, but his bulge stayed trapped.

"Unless you want me to straighten out your dick for you? I don't have too much experience trying to free them through clothing, you know. But I'm willing to try," I averred. 

He stood there, sputtering and helpless for a minute or two. "I can't believe the words that are coming out of your mouth," he finally said.

"There's a simple way to shut me up," I pointed out. "Stick your dick in my mouth. I can't talk if I'm sucking your dick." I noticed a wet spot forming on his pants near the top of his left thigh. "Awww, look! You're letting that wonderful precum go to waste - it's getting soaked up by your trousers. Look, if my face disgusts you in any way, you know you can just shut your eyes and pretend someone else is sucking your dick, you know."

"No! No! It's not that! I... I... I... love your face, Ava," he admitted, stammering.

"So you want to see my lips at the end of your dick?" I asked.

"Yes. No. I mean... I don't know what I mean. What brought all this on?" he choked out.

"You seem so very confused about what is actually a quite simple act, Ethan," I stated. "As to what brought this on, I made myself a new year's resolution that I'd tell you what I wanted to do. And now I've fulfilled that resolution. So, do you want me to leave?"

He looked stricken. "You want to leave? After telling me that?"

I let him hear a little exasperation in my voice. "Where did you hear me saying that I wanted to leave? I asked you whether you wanted me to leave. After all, you've never even asked me to take off my coat."

I watched his throat work as he swallowed. "May I take your coat, Ava?" he squeaked.

"Why, thank you, Ethan. That would be lovely," I responded, unbuttoning it and slipping it off. I hadn't worn a bra, and I could feel my perky nipples poking at and rubbing on my silky blouse. I noted that Ethan had a difficult time even stepping forward to take my coat, with his cock trapped in his trouser leg. He practically hobbled to his closet to hang it up.

"Now, where would you like me to do this, Ethan? Here, in your living room? Or your kitchen? Or your basement? Or maybe your bedroom?" I inquired sweetly.

"You... you really mean it? You're not joking?" he whispered hoarsely.

I licked my lips, wetting them. "I don't joke about these things, silly." I got down onto my knees. My skirt was short enough that my bare knees touched the carpet. "But if you want this, you at least have to walk over here to me."

His whole body jerked, and trembled. I felt a little sorry for him. I suppose men are not used to women being aggressively blatant about what they want. But it was my resolution, not his. I suppose I could have phrased it differently, such as, "I resolve to suck Ethan's cum out of his dick." But satisfaction of that resolution would've required his cooperation, making it dependent on his decision. My actual resolution was that I'd tell him what I wanted, and that item was able to be accomplished solely by me.

Almost like a robot with rusty gears, he stumbled toward me. His eyes looked a little glazed over, as if he was mesmerized. I hoped to see them completely glazed over with a passionate, orgasmic release soon.

Finally he stood in front of me. As I reached for his zipper, he groaned. We both heard the sound of 'zzzzzzzt' as I pulled the zipper down. Then I realized that it would be quite a chore to pull his underpants-clad cock free, especially when it was engorged, and lodged in his trouser leg. I decided to explain this to him.

"Ethan, sweetie. Your dick's really caught in your clothing. Is it OK with you if I just take your pants and underpants off you? It'll be much simpler to get at it then," I said, calmly.

His answer was about as articulate as I could hope. "Gaaack," he groaned. 

I took that to mean 'yes' so I unbuckled his belt, and unbuttoned his pants. They were already unzipped, so it was easy to lower them to his ankles. The smell of precum hit my nostrils immediately. He was wearing 'tighty whities' and the poor dear's cock had soaked the lower edge of their left leg hole. The swollen head of his cock was actually poking out of that leg hole, which explained why the precum wetness had reached his trousers. The tight leg band was squishing and deforming the cock's flesh so much that it looked like a pink, one eyed, tube shaped monster. So cute I wanted to kiss it!

But it needed to be freed.

Hooking my fingers into the waistband of his underpants, I lowered them carefully off his butt cheeks and then down his thighs. Freed, his cock sprang up and almost slapped my cheek. I tried to put out of my mind how much fun it would be to actually have Ethan slap my cheeks with his dick, as I finished lowering his underpants to his ankles. I thought about trying to help him step free of his bunched up pants and underpants, but I saw a large drop of precum welling up in the slit in his glans, which was almost completely covered by a foreskin - a rare sight, these days.

"I don't want that drop to mess up your carpet, Ethan," I explained, solicitously. I leaned forward, extending my tongue and curling it into the shape of a gutter, positioning it under the threatening drip. And none to soon. It detached, falling directly into the groove on my tongue, and slid into my mouth as I tilted my head back slightly. That wonderful, spicy, salty taste traveled the length of my tongue, following the path of the drop. I wanted Ethan to watch my first taste of his precum.

Looking up into his eyes, I pulled my tongue back into my mouth, closing it and visibly swallowing. My sweet darling professor congratulated me by articulating, "Whaaa guudd."

I smiled, accepting his accolades, as I watched another drop beginning to form. Patiently, I repeated the shaping and positioning of my tongue, and waited.

"W... w... w... " Ethan stammered.

"Yes, dear?" I asked, innocently. "You want to say something?" His drop was enlarging, so my attention flicked from his eyes to his dick and back to his eyes.

"Y... y... y..." Ethan choked out. He'd obviously lost the power of speech.

"Hold that thought," I advised him. "I have to catch this." The drop hit right in the center of my tongue gutter, and met the same fate as its predecessor, joining it in my stomach. "Now, what were you saying?"

Ethan's face had taken on a delicate shade of purple.

"Take a few slow, deep breaths, and then tell me what's on your mind," I suggested. I watched as he did so, but I also kept an eye on that slit in the head of his cock. His face turned back to a more normal shade of pink as he breathed.

"Y... you said..." he gasped. "You said you wanted my dick in your mouth," he finally blurted out. "But you're not doing it! This is maddening, Ava," he complained.

"My dear Ethan. I said I wanted that, yes. But you have yet to actually give me permission, or even tell me that you want it, also."

His hands slid up into his blond hair and squeezed into fists, pulling his hair up in a manner that looked painful. Staring down at me he pleaded, "Please put my dick into your mouth. I'm begging you."

Ever obedient, I did as he requested. I only had to raise my head up slightly, and move it forward a little and my mouth surrounded his quivering dick. More salty precum spilled onto the rear of my tongue, oozing down my throat. Impishly, I remained as I was, doing nothing else. After all, he'd only asked me to put it into my mouth - nothing else. I watched his face.

Ethan's original smile of satisfaction faded to one of dismay. "Ava? Aren't you going to suck it?" he asked, sounding a little strangled.

I spoke carefully, speaking around his dick, while still keeping it in my mouth. "Oh, ehs at wha u ant?"

"Is that what I want?" he repeated, correctly interpreting what I'd said. "Yes! Oh my god, yes! I want that more than anything!"

I started sucking, dislodging a lot more precum from the depths of his manhood. I loved hearing how that made him groan loudly. At first, I was aware of my knees pressing into the carpet, but quickly my focus turned to the textures of his cock in my mouth, and I forgot all about the carpet. That cock seemed to grow a bit larger, filling my mouth more, and it was definitely getting hotter.

His slightly matted blond pubic hair exuded a spicy scent that, once inhaled, made me want to jump his bones. But I settled, for the moment, with just breathing it in deeply. Perhaps I was a little cross-eyed, staring at his cock as I slid it in and out of my mouth, wanting to press my lips against as much of its surface as I could, while still sucking, as promised. Several blue-purple veins stood out prominently along its smooth skin. At times, while sucking, I could work the tip of my tongue between his foreskin and the head of his cock - that seemed to make Ethan groan louder and longer, so I mentally marked that as a thing worth repeating often.

I felt my panties dampening, because as his precum volume grew, and his gasps and moans got louder, my pussy was lubricating like mad. I wondered if he could smell my characteristic scent yet, and, if he did, did he like it? He still seemed shy or uncertain, because his hands either stayed at his side, went behind his back, or went up to ruffle and clutch the hair on his head. They certainly didn't come down and grasp my own long, blonde hair, or my face, even though I wished he'd do that, and either use my hair to move my head back and forth on his dick, or hold my head steady so he could fuck my mouth.

In hindsight, I realized that if I'd opened my blouse, or taken my skirt off, I might have signaled more clearly that I was available for more than a simple act of fellatio. But I didn't mind, because I'd truly accomplished my goal, sucking on that lovely dick of his. Which, at around this time, gave a slight jerk in my mouth, and the salty precum I'd been consuming changed flavor, giving off hints of bitter. I realized that Ethan had just cum in my mouth, but only a scant amount. I was actually disappointed, not by the taste, but by the volume.

"Sorry," Ethan said. "I didn't mean to cum in your mouth like that. I'm really trying hard to hold back, Ava."

I held his dick in my hand as I took my mouth off it, to look up and say to him, "Hold back? Ethan, I don't want you to hold back one bit! I want you to cum hard in my mouth. I want a gusher! I want your balls to empty completely. Understand?"

His throat muscles rippled as he swallowed, his pupils dilating in surprise. "Oh! Really? Wow. OK. OK. That's fantastic. More, please."

I grinned up at him. "Well, since you said please..." I engulfed his cock once again with my mouth, closing my lips more firmly to increase the friction of our movements. I freed my hand from his cock, and reached around him, sinking both my hands into his firm tushie. I pulled his pelvis in a forward and back motion, bobbing my head at the same time, simulating a mouth fuck.

Perhaps he was a bit shocked at me doing this, but after several strokes, I could feel him getting into it. It took my hands less and less effort to move his hips. And then, lo and behold, I felt his hands slide into my hair at either side of the back of my head, and he held my head still. I glanced up and saw a grimace on his face as he arched his back and started bucking his hips rapidly, truly mouth-fucking me!

After that tiny amount of semen he'd given me, I must report that I was totally unprepared for what happened next. With a loud cry of release, Ethan started spewing copious amounts of ejaculate into my mouth and throat - my mouth when he was pulled back, and my throat when he was thrust forward. I was hard pressed to swallow fast enough to keep up with him, and not choke. I didn't want to choke - I didn't want to dissuade him at all. This was what I'd dreamed about, receiving a massive load from him in this manner.

Consequently, when he slowed down, and let go of my head, I felt I had to stem the tide of apology that burst from his lips. "Oh my lord! Ava! I'm so sorry! I don't know what got into me! I was acting like a wild animal in full rut! I'm so, so embarrassed!" His cheeks were scarlet with shame.

I licked my lips and swallowed the remaining semen in my mouth, while looking up to lock eyes with him. "Ethan! You have nothing to apologize about! That was perfect! That was what I've been dreaming about! I'm glad you let that animal part of yourself have free rein for once! In fact, I hope this won't be the only time."

"You... you mean you liked it?" he asked, incredulous.

"No, silly. I loved it!" I replied, eyes twinkling with delight.

He was thoughtful for a minute or two, absorbing this. Tentatively, he stated, "That animal part of me wants more now. I'd really like to..." He took a deep breath, obviously bracing himself for a refusal. "I'd really like to go down on you."

I smiled, a bit impishly. "You mean you want to eat my pussy?"

He nodded, afraid to speak.

In answer, I stood up, unzipped and stepped out of my skirt. My soaked panties, peeled carefully off my sex, were placed safely atop a glass coffee table top. I sat in a wooden chair, scooting my butt far enough forward to let my pussy dangle out over the front edge of the seat. Holding my thighs wide apart, I told him, "Let's see that animal in action again, Ethan."

With an inarticulate cry, he dropped down between my knees, and buried his face in my cunt. His hands went under my butt to hold me in place, as his lips and tongue went wild first on my mound and labia, licking and sucking, and then plowed deep into my furrow. His tongue swiped across my vaginal opening, pee hole, and clit, performing several claiming strokes. Next, he stiffened his tongue, and drilled it deeply into my cunt, letting his lips form a seal around that hole.

I'm still not sure how he was manipulating that tongue inside me, but as he moved it, and at the same time applied suction, I felt my fluids rushing into the greedy maw of his mouth, only to be replaced by fresh secretions. He tongued, sucked and swallowed, and it's a good thing he was holding my ass in place. My eyes went out of focus, and then they must have rolled back in their sockets, because all went black. I could see nothing, which was just as well, because it meant I had to focus on my body sensations. Which meant I was focused on the shockingly pleasurable waves of sensation crashing through my cunt. I was also vaguely aware of my toes curling in delight, just before the energy of my first orgasm burned through me like a supernova!

Did Ethan stop at that? No. I'd unleashed the beast. He kept sucking and tonguing, sending me spiraling up into another climax. And a third. I thought I'd finally gotten my body back under control when he shifted his lips slightly, and now my clit shaft was being mashed on by his lip, while its head was subject to the sucking vacuum of his mouth! That was the orgasm that was so intense that I lost consciousness!

When I came to - minutes or hours later - Ethan was holding my labia apart with gentle fingers, and licking all my sexual region clean. And there seemed to be a lot to clean up! All the muscles in my body must've contracted, for how long, I had no idea, leaving them cramped, and me sweaty. And I didn't mind one bit. I was still floating in a haze.

Regaining my senses, I was aware that the scent emanating from my armpits would never be sought after as a perfume. Sheepishly, I said, "Ethan, honey, could I possibly use your shower?"

Still between my knees, he grinned up at me with the most confidence he'd shown since my arrival. "Certainly, Ava. Be my guest. Would you like me to soap your back for you?" he asked, perhaps half jokingly.
