 It had been two days since I met my red headed friend Rebecca and today she was coming over to my house. It was just after 12 in the afternoon and we were going to lay out by the pool. She walked in wearing short shorts and a light green top, I could see the strings of her bikini sticking out. 

"Would you like a drink?" I asked her as we walked into the kitchen. I could feel myself already getting hard and wanted something to calm me down.

"A rum and coke, if you have it." I turned my back and started to pour the drinks when suddenly I felt a hand reach down. It paused and started to tickle my trimmed pubic hair while I tried to concentrate on making the drinks. I was almost finished when I felt a hard tug on my shorts. I felt my now hard cock bob up and down after being freed. I was now naked from the waste down.

"The drinks will have to wait." I thought to myself as I turned to see my red headed friend standing in the kitchen, biting her lower lip, trying to look innocent. 

I picked her up, placing her body down on the counter. I un buttoned her shorts and slid them down to revel a freshly shaven, panty less, pink pussy. I feel her legs wrap around my head as I dive in licking her clit. I force my hands underneath her ass and start to rub her tight little asshole with my middle finger. She starts to scream again. I plunge my tongue as deep into her as I can. I watch her eyes roll back into her head. I feel her legs tighten around me until my entire face is pushed against her glistening pussy.

I start to climb. I climb onto the counter. I grab my throbbing cock and I start to rub her clit again. I line myself up to enter her begging pussy. I get the head half way in-

"Wait"

I pull out. She gets down. She grabs me by the cock and starts to pull. Not to get me off but to lead me somewhere. She leads me down my hallway, she's looking for something. She opens the door to my bedroom and, after releasing my cock, she jumps onto the bed. I look at her, laying on her back, legs spread wide open, she's covered in sweat.

"I wanted our first time together to be more traditional." She smiles at me. I climb into bed kissing ever square inch of her sweet body. I rub my hands all over her body, she starts to tense up, I line myself up again. Guiding my hard cock into her soft pussy. I make my way in slowly, with each push I go in another inch and with each inch another gasp.

"Oh shit." I hear escape her lips as I start to buck my hips into her. I feel her hands start to dig into my ass. I keep up a steady rhythm as I bend down to suck on her puffy nipples. I start to pick up the pace. I feel the familiar feeling in my balls as the pace keeps getting faster and faster.

"I'm gonna cum." I manage to get out in-between breaths. I feel her pull away from me and I watch my red headed slut spin around and take all of my cock in one big swallow. She releases me from my mouth just long enough for me to feel the cool air on the tip of my penis before she starts to suck on my head. 

"I'm gonna cum." I yell as grab her red hair. I feel my cock spasm and cum starts shooting out. I'm trying to keep standing. I'm trying to retain myself but it feels like my cock is going to burst. Shot after shot, I watch my red headed friend suck it all down with a smile. I try to walk, but I can't find my legs. I manage to get to the bed and I lay down as I see my red headed friend going out the door. I watch her ass wiggle out of the bedroom.

"I'm getting those drinks now" She yells. I think I've found the perfect woman.

After I collect myself enough to get up I walk out into the kitchen to find her sipping her rum and coke.

"Sorry, I just wanted to make sure our first time was normal. After that we can do it where ever you want."

"You sure you want to give me that opportunity?" I say eyeing her still naked body.

"Positive." She said locking eyes with me.

"Also can you're neighbors see us in the backyard? I noticed the fence is pretty high and I'd love to get some sun on my ass. She says turning around and giving me a good look it. She doesn't wait for an answer as she pulls some tanning oil out of the pursue she bought and walks out the door. I feel my cock start to stir again as I grab two towels and follow her out. 

"They might be able to, I've never really thought about it."

"Eh, they'll probably enjoy the show anyway. I need you to rub this on me." She says as she waves the bottle of oil at me. I toss her a towel that she spreads out over a lounge chair and lays face down in it. I'm hard before I can even open the bottle. I pour a large amount of the sweet smelling oil onto her back but before I can even touch it she dips her hand in the oil and proceeds to cover my cock with it.

"Can't have that thing burning." She smiles at me. With my cock fully protected I start to rub the oil in. I take this time to enjoy ever single inch of her body. I rub the oil in to her now shining back and start to make my way towards her ass. As I get closer and closer I start to feel her raise her butt up more and more. I keep rubbing until I have covered every inch and then slowly take my oil covered finger and rub it the entire length of her crack. She spreads her legs and I see her full asshole come into view. I take finger and slide it into her ass.

"mmm" is all I hear from her and thats all I need as I start to work my full cock in. Even with the oil it still a tight fit but slowly I start to fell the warmth of her ass cheeks against my legs. I pull almost all the way out, leaving only my head in, and then slowly push it back in drawing out a long slow moan. We should be quiet, we're outside in the middle of the afternoon. But we're not. I start to slam into my red headed friend over and over, I don't care about rhythm or anything else, all I can think about is getting deeper and deeper inside of her. She starts to moan louder and louder, she tries to bury her face in the lounge cushion but I grab her read hair and force her head up releasing the full force of her screams. I feel myself building, I feel my balls slapping against her red hot pussy. It's too much for me. I start cumin, the feeling is incredible, I look and see her gripping the sides of the lounge and moaning every time she feels me shoot more cum into her. Shot after shot, moan after moan. Finally I stop, I collapse on top of my red headed lover. We're both gasping for air. The smell of the oil mixers with the smell of sex as we lay on the lounge chair.

"She's only been here for an hour." I think to myself.

To be continued...