 You'll need some background so be sure to read my earlier submission first. "My Retirement"

*****

It was Monday evening when my cell phone went off. It was Beth. She was frantic saying her mom knew her car was at my place all day Saturday and Saturday night until Sunday just after noon. She had told her mom that she went for a ride in the country and the car broke down in front of my driveway and I put the car in my shop and gave her a lift home and her friend Ginnie gave her a ride Sunday to pick it up after I got it fixed. She had already called Ginnie and got her to lie for her but she still wasn't going for it. 

I asked if she had told Ginnie want happened between us and how the hell did her mom find out? 

She said she had to tell Ginnie and she swore she would keep it hush-hush. She had no idea how her mom found out. She also said she didn't tell her mom that I am her bus driver. She also said her mom is going to come talk to me but didn't know when. 

I told her to delete my number from her contacts list and delete the calls she made to me and hope to high heaven she doesn't check the cell phone bill. We hung up.

---------

Thursday evening about 6:30 the doorbell sounded off. I looked at the monitor that overlooked the front door and saw Beth standing there but it appeared she had cut her hair and was wearing a tight dress and very high heels. "What a nice tight ass she has" I thought as I could only she her from the rear unless she turned around. I went to the door and opened it. To my surprise, it was not Beth but someone that looked exactly like Beth but older. "Her older sister?" I thought. Same tits and figure almost to a tee. 

See said, "Hello, my name is Sally. I'm Beth's mom." 

"Ok, something I can do for you?"

She raised her voice just a tad and said, "Yes, I think maybe there is."

"Would you like to come in?" I said as I opened the screen. "My name is James Mathison. Nice to meet you."

"Well, I suppose we'll have to wait and see about that part of it" she sneered refusing my extended hand.

"Fuck. Just how much does she know?" I wondered.

"My daughters car was here from Saturday morning until 12:30 Sunday afternoon."

"Yes, that's true"

"I want to know why."

Her car broke down..." I started

"Bullshit, that's a lie" she quipped. "She wasn't home Saturday afternoon or night until about 1:15 Sunday afternoon. I've talked to my neighbor's and they said she left about 10:00 AM Saturday and they went over to check on her Saturday evening and Sunday morning and there was no answer at the door. I want to know what the hell is going on."

"Other than me telling you, how do you know her car was here at that time?"

"I'm not willing to say" she fired back. "Now what is going on between you and my daughter? Are you one of those internet predators?"

I laughed at that, but I was sure she knew just about everything by now. At least she doesn't know I'm her bus driver.

"Are you fucking my teenaged daughter?" She sat down and the hem of her dress slid up quite a bit. She attempted to pull it down but I'm fairly certain it wasn't a true attempt.

"If you tell me how you know her car was here, then I'll let you know exactly what happened"

She leaned forward allowing me to see more of the delightful cleavage she was sporting and said, "I'm not telling you that. End of story. How did you manage to get her car fixed on a weekend without it leaving your house?"

"A very good friend of mine owns a shop and helped me out by coming to look at it on Saturday. He came back early Sunday morning and replaced whatever it was and got it going again" I explained.

"Then I assume you have an invoice for the repair work?" she inquired. "I'll pay you back."

"Actually, no. He said he owed me one anyway and didn't invoice it through his shop. She was a young woman in distress and needed help. I'm not inclined to be paid back even if I had paid something for the work." 

"Untraceable. That's really convenient, now isn't it?"

I could tell she was getting frustrated trying to catch me in a lie so I threw some fuel on the fire. "Actually, yes. It is extremely convenient. How did you find out her car was here?"

"I told you I'm not giving you that information."

"Then I'm guessing our conversation is over, Ms. Anderson." Shit, how did I know her last name? Quick, think damn it. Oh, that's right, Beth told me her last name.

"How did you know...oh, I suppose Beth told you, didn't she?" She's really pissed now.

"Is this demon lady a mind reader, too?" I thought. "How did I know what?" I asked.

"Never mind" she quipped.

"You're pissed at me for no good reason. Her car broke down and I gave her a ride home and helped her get it fixed. She had a girl named Ginnie bring her over to check on it on Sunday. It was fixed so she took it with her." I said. "If you can't believe that, then it's time for you to go."

"Wait...Ok, I'll tell you how I know her car was here, but in return, I want you to show me everything that happened. Deal?"

"I just told you what happened. This conversation is over." I got up and headed for the door. " WAIT, WHAT. SHOW HER? Why did she use that term?" went through my mind. I wanted to find out. "Tell you what. I'll take your deal if it's still offered. But don't be surprised when it's the same thing I just told you."

"Now I'm not really sure I want to know" she stammered. She sat there silent looking at me. Or rather looking me up and down. 

"You want something to drink?" 

"A beer would be good. Thanks."

I retrieved a Corona and handed it to her. She took a very, very long draw off of it.

"Ok, I put a GPS tracker on her car. I wanted to make sure I could keep track of her." 

"Why? Why do you not trust her?"

"That's really my business, not yours. Now, I know something happened between you two, so what was it?"

I smiled, "You said you want me to show you, are you really sure this is what you want?" 

"Yes, I am"

I got up, walked over to where I was standing when Beth and I returned home Saturday and asked her to come over. She walked over and I placed her where Beth was standing. I looked in her eyes and could, for the first time tonight, see the want in her eyes. I kissed her and she didn't resist in the least. I reached down pinching the sides of her tight dress and pulled it up and grabbed her bare ass cheeks. It wouldn't rise past her hips but I could feel she had on a garter to hold up her stockings and probably thong panties. "Damn, that's hot." I thought. She moaned and a deep sigh came from her mouth. Then she kissed me and began rubbing my ass.

I reached for the zipper on the back of her dress and slid it down. I reached to undo her bra and found nothing there. She then started fumbling with the button on my pants and I finally helped her with the button and she managed the zipper. I slid her dress off her shoulders and pushed the sides down and it dropped to the floor. She pulled my t-shirt off and it flew across the room. She went to her knees then very slowly lowered my jeans until they were around my ankles. I stepped out of them after she slipped my sandals off. She rubbed my stiff cock for a few seconds with the palm of her tiny hand then slowly pulled my boxer briefs down until my swollen cock slapped against my stomach. She took it in her mouth and lowered them until I could shake them off my feet. I tried to pull her to her feet but she resisted and continued to suck my dick. 

I finally got her to stand and carried her to the bedroom. I was surprised to see her tits had only a slight sag to them and were every bit as beautiful and every bit as big as Beth's. That's when I noticed that she in fact did not have any panties on at all. It was just the garter I had felt. She looked oh so sexy lying there with nothing on but her garter, stockings and high heels. Her bush was very neatly trimmed and was the same light brown as her hair. I wanted to just jam my cock in her pussy right then. 

I hesitated and bent over and kissed her. I started with her plump lips and worked my way south lingering at her pussy then on down to her feet. I sucked one toe at a time and then kissed her feet and on up the inside of her calves then her thighs. Her legs started slowly parting as I moved upward. As I licked her sex opening and her clit she began to shake and I knew it was near. She too had a very large clit the same size as Beth's. I sucked her clit into my mouth and began to squeeze it with my lips and she yelled, "I'm cum..." and let loose with one of the longest orgasms I had ever seen. She was clamping down on my head with her thighs and I couldn't have stopped if I had wanted to. When she relaxed I started to move up to fuck her but her legs clamped down again and again and then finally one more time.

When she finally relaxed I moved up and kissed her and jammed my cock in her as hard as I could and she instantly came again. I started slamming my cock in her and pulling out till it almost popped out then jammed it hard into her pussy again over and over. Her heels dug into my ass and would release pressure when my cock was sliding out and dig back in hard when I thrusted inward. All this time she was having orgasm after orgasm after orgasm. I wanted this to last as long as I possibly could. It was like one big orgasm with little lulls at times. I could feel her squirting all over my dick and it leaking out the sides of her soft pussy around my cock. I kept pounding her for what seemed like an hour but I'm sure it was probably only a few minutes. 

"I'm going to cum in your pussy" I said.

She replied, "No, it's too messy and Tom may want to fuck me when I get home and he'll know I fucked someone else."

"That wasn't a request" I grunted. "It was a statement of fact." I thrust a few more times. She clawed at my ass and pulled me into her and I stiffened and cum rushed from my dick into her hairy pussy. She also came and then went limp. I rolled to lie beside her.

We were silent for a few moments then she asked, "Is that what happened between you two?"

"Wasn't exactly how it happened but it was pretty close. Are you going to tell her I told you, or rather showed you? To use your words."

"So you fucked my daughter. And now you've fucked me. So what else did you do? And why was she here?" She put her hand on my dick and started slowly stroking my now soft member. "Wait...was she a virgin?"

"I'll tell you if you promise never to tell her that we fucked and you must never punish her for what she did and you must act like you believe the story she told you and you must remove the GPS from her vehicle. Deal?"

After some thought she hissed and spat, "Deal. As long as I can get that cock shoved in me occasionally."

"He, he , he. Deal."

I told her everything, beginning to end. Well, the end so far.

Then she asked a question that rocked me a little. She asked, "Is Beth muti-orgasmic like I am?"

"Like mother, like daughter." I replied.

"It's a curse, you know. I'll be sore as hell tomorrow. In my legs, feet and in my stomach muscles. All those muscular contractions, I guess"

"Well, why don't we see if we can work some of that soreness out before it even begins"

She grinned a very devilish smile and climbed on top one leg on either side of me and guided my now rock hard cock into her cunt as she sat on me. After just a few minutes, she said, "I'm cumming again and I'm going to fuck you and cum over and over until you cum in my pussy again."

In about 15 minutes she had several small orgasms and a few big ones and a couple that were way over the top. I held back as long as I could then told her to get off and suck my dick dry. She jumped and got on her knees between my legs and bent over and took all of me into her mouth and throat. She played with my balls and finger fucked my asshole. I told her, "I'm cumming and I want to shoot it down your throat." She backed it out of her throat and sucked hard until I released in her mouth. One, two, three then a fourth squirt, she was still sucking my dick hard. When my dick stopped jerking, she pulled her lips off my cock and showed me my cum in her mouth then swallowed hard. 

"Mmmmmmmm. I love the taste of cum" she gloated.

She got dressed and looked just as fabulous after a good fucking as before one.

We said our goodbyes and just before she walked out the door turned and asked, "Are you going to fuck my daughter again?"

"Yes, if she wants."

"Are you going to fuck me again?"

"Same answer" I replied.

"Good. Tom will be moving on soon, so maybe we can get together often and ride four wheelers and swim a little."

"I'd like that." My cock stirred a little.

She left. A few minutes later she sent me a text. It said, "Now you have my number. Text or call when you get horny. I'm free most evenings and weekends."

"You got it" I sent back. "How did she get my number?" I thought. "Oh, well."

A few minutes later I got, "oh I forgot to thank you for helping Beth with the creep on the bus."

Well, damn. She's full of surprises.