 I stood in the dark, Jessika still in bed behind me, as I stared at Jessi's last text message, the one that had followed pictures of her with another young blonde, Amara. The pictures included one of Jessi and Amara kissing, one of Jessi fondling Amar's exposed breast, and one of Jessi's sucking on her companion's nipple. 

The text message that had followed the last picture had informed me that Jessi had agreed to have a threesome with Amara and her boyfriend, and that Amara had agreed to a threesome with Jessi and me. Jessi had ended that text by asking me when I wanted to have the threesome. 

I had been first aroused and then aroused and annoyed by Jessi's sending me the pictures. She knew I was away for the weekend with Jessika, my older, brunette lover, and I had concluded that Jessi had sent me the pictures to distract me away from Jessika. However, that last text message, with its unexpected offer, had shocked me out of feeling either of my prior emotions. 

I was startled by a hand on my shoulder, and I realized that my curvaceous friend-with-benefits had gotten out of bed and was standing behind me.

"Are you okay, Mark?" she asked.

"Yes," I managed. "I am just... I do not know..."

"What is it?" she inquired. 

Taking a deep breath, I turned and handed Jessika my phone. In the light from the screen, I saw Jessika's brows scrunch up as she read Jessi's last text. Then, shaking her head, the brunette scrolled back up and looked at all the texts from my younger blonde lover. 

I was a little apprehensive that Jessika might be angry about the texts - just a couple of weeks prior, Jessi had send Jessika an email proposing a threesome among the three of us, although that had really been a challenge with respect to my affections. Jessika had been quite angry with me, but as we talked through the whole email, and she accepted that none of it had been at my behest, the brunette had calmed down, and we then had amazing sex. However, I knew that Jessika had not put the entire thing completely behind her, and I was concerned Jessi's texts tonight would reignite Jessika's anger.

"What a psycho bitch," Jessika snarled after she had looked at all the texts that Jessi had sent.

"I do not know what to say," I admitted, and Jessika looked up from my phone and studied my face. 

"You don't have to say anything, Mark," she assured me, and I was relieved that she did not seem to be angry, at least at me. "You didn't ask her to send these."

I nodded in agreement as I wondered what to say next. My brunette lover saved me by asking me a question. 

"You told her you and I were spending the weekend together, right?"

"Yes, I did," I affirmed.

"Oh, she's definitely being a little bitch then," Jessika sighed. "She sent all this now because she thinks it will distract us."

I could not dispute that Jessika had reached a likely conclusion, so I just nodded again. 

"Fuck her," Jessika snapped. "I can make sure you are not distracted by her little games, Mark."

Taking my hand, Jessika led me back to bed. She had me lie on my back as she sucked me to an erection, and then she rolled over onto her back and pulled me on top of her. As I positioned myself between her widespread legs, Jessika pulled me down for a kiss. As our tongues played with each other, I slowly entered her wet warmth, and as I began to thrust in and out of her, thoughts of Jessi faded away. 

Soon, I was ramming into Jessika with a sense of urgency as I watched her lick her own nipples, pulling first one breast, then the other, up toward her mouth and her soft, wet tongue. I wanted nothing more than to make the brunette climax and to in turn climax inside of her. However, even though Jessika seemed to be aroused, and was certainly wet, I had to start slowing down in order to keep from finishing too soon. 

"Don't wait for me, Mark," Jessika instructed me a few seconds after I had begun to slow. "I think you need this more than I do right now."

I shook my head, but I could not deny that she was probably right. So, I again started to thrust into her with my prior urgency, and in almost no time I was exploding deep inside of her. When I was spent, I collapsed onto her, burying my face in her neck. As I lay thus, the brunette began kissing my neck and shoulder. 

"I am sorry, Jessika," I murmured. 

"About what?" Jessika asked. "Me not Cumming or the... other thing."

"Both," I admitted. 

"Those were both out of your control, lover," she assured me. "You did not know she would do that, and I knew it was not going to happen for me. I wanted it to happen for you."

"Thank you," I told her. "I needed... well, you."

I heard Jessika sigh, but I was not sure whether it was a sigh of contentment or one of concern. 

"I know," she finally said. "Now let's just cuddle up and go to sleep."

She turned her back to me, and I snuggled up against her, running my hand along the curved of her side, rubbing her soft skin as I kissed her neck. 

"I wish I could have made you orgasm," I told her. 

"I know you do," she replied. "And you've done that several times this weekend. This was different. Part of it is how many I have had this weekend."

"But it was not all of it," I filled in. 

"No, it was not," Jessika admitted. "But it was most of it."

I decided to let it drop as I continued to rub my lover's side. Within a few minutes, Jessika started snoring lightly, and I knew she had dropped off to sleep. However, sleep alluded me as my mind turned back to my blonde lover and the reality of her offer. 

***

An hour later, I was awakened by Jessika getting up out of bed. I saw her pick up my phone and look at it, and I guessed that one or more new texts had arrived. As she looked at the screen, I saw Jessika frown, then shake her head. 

"What is it?" I asked, sitting up. 

"A video," Jessika answered, her tone flat. "It is her and her friend."

My first thought was to take the phone from Jessika so I could see the video, but that thought was quickly followed by the realization that maybe it would be best for me if I did not see the video. 

"Delete it," I told the brunette, surprising myself at the conviction in my tone. 

"Are you sure?" Jessika asked. "I mean, I think you should, but this is pretty, well, graphic. And I don't want you to have me do it just because you think I want you to, and then have you regret not seeing it."

"I am sure," I told her. "Delete it, please."

Jessika, her face illuminated by the phone screen, looked at me for several seconds. Then her fingers danced on the screen. 

"It is gone," she said, setting my phone back on the desk before walking back to bed and climbing in. 

She turned toward me and we kissed. Then she snuggled her face against my neck. 

Again, the curvy brunette fell asleep before I did. I was too busy second guessing my decision to have Jessika delete the video to relax, and it was at least half an hour later before I drifted off to sleep. 

***

Jessika and I both woke late, and neither of us seem to have any drive to have sex one last time on our trip, so we packed and headed home. And although we chatted and laughed a great deal during the five-hour trip home, I could not help but notice that the sense of growing closeness that had marked our time together the day before had lessened considerably. However, what I was unsure about was whether this was due to Jessi's texts from the night before or Jessika wanting to keep our relationship at the level of friends-with benefits. 

The next week gave me little time to ponder my relationship with either woman. The first week of a semester is always hectic, and this one was no different. By the time Friday afternoon rolled around, I was very much looking forward to the end of the week, but I had to finish my last office hours first. I always schedule two office hours on Friday, even though I rarely have a Friday course, and this semester I had set them at 1:00pm to 3:00pm. However, just before 2:00pm I was seriously considering leaving early as I did not expect any visitors for that last hour on a Friday, especially not the first Friday of the semester. 

Unfortunately, leaving early would just mean getting a jump start on a weekend alone. Jessika was planning to do things with friends on both Friday and Saturday evenings - as she had told me more than once, she had been neglecting many of her friends since she and I had become lovers - so I did not think I would see her that weekend, unless it were to be on Sunday afternoon. As for Jessi, she had not initiated contact again after sending the texts and the video the prior Saturday night, and I had not felt the time had been right to try to contact her. Thus, I had no plans for the weekend.

I was just on the verge of shutting down my computer when a knock on my open office door caused me to look up into a pair of intense blue eyes that I knew well. Jessi, her blonde hair falling around her face and across her shoulders, stood in my doorway. She was wearing her large gray sweater, light blue jeans that fit her slender yet femininely curved legs like a second skin, and calf-high back boots. On her nose perched her red glasses, and I have to admit that I found her look quiet fetching, despite the growing concerns I had about our relationship going forward. 

"Hi Mr. Warner," the young blonde said, her eyes locked on mine in one of her overlong stares. 

"Hi Jessi," I replied. "It is nice to see you again. How is your semester going? Do you like your English class this semester?"

Jessi narrowed her eyes as her stare continued, but then she seemed to catch on. 

"It is okay, but my instructor is worrying me a bit," she said. "Can I talk to you about her?"

"Sure," I said, trying to keep my voice neutral. "Please come in and shut the door behind you."

The young woman did as I asked, going so far as to lock the door after she had closed it. She then smiled and rushed to me as I stood up out of my chair. When she threw her arms around my neck, I grabbed her waist and pulled her slender body against mine even as I kissed her long and hard. 

When our lips broke apart, I said, "I just needed a reason for you to come in and shut the door. You did very well."

"Thanks, Mark," she grinned. "I was a little unsure at first, when you asked me about my class like that, but then it dawned on me what you wanted me to do."

Kissed again, after which I told her I had missed her. And while this was true, part of me was quite sure it would be better if I kept missing her. 

"I missed you to, Mark," she sighed. "And your cock. And your tongue, too."

I felt a bit of heat in my cheeks when she said this, but I saw none of that reaction in Jessi's face. She not only meant what she said, she was not embarrassed by it. I wondered if the locked door had emboldened her. 

When I did not say anything for a couple of seconds, Jessi changed subjects and asked, "Did you get the pictures and video I sent you last Saturday?"

"I did, Jessi," I admitted. "And we need to talk about them..."

"And we will," she interrupted me. "But right now I am fucking horny as hell, and I would much rather do things other than talk."

The young blonde took a step back so she was just in front of my desk. She then took off her glasses and set them on the desk. Next, she pulled her sweater over her head, revealing she wore no bra to cover her modest but perfect breasts. I noticed that the dusty pink nipples stood erect even as she bent over to pull off her boots, giving me a nice view of her lovely bosom hanging pendulant. 

Once her boots and socks had been cast aside, Jessi wiggled out her pants, and I was aroused but not surprised to see that no panties covered her smoothly shaven pussy. MY guess was that the blonde had planned to come visit me this afternoon, and that she had worn no underwear as a way of speeding up the process of removing her clothing. 

The deliciously naked young woman walked up to me and pushed me back so that I sat down in my desk chair. She then knelt down in front of me and undid my belt before unbuttoning and unzipping my slacks. Once she had access, she reached inside my underwear and pulled out my almost completely hard penis. 

Jessi stared up at me, her blue eyes blazing, as she sucked me into her mouth. As was normal, the blonde wasted no time taking the entire length of my shaft down her throat, and soon she had started a steady rhythm. Of course, her deep throating of my erection felt great, but I wanted something different. 

I grabbed Jessi's hair, and when she next raised her lips up to the head of my penis, as gently as I could I used my hold on her soft locks to pull her succulent lips off of me. 

"What's wrong?" the young blonde asked, her eyes showing her obvious confusion. 

"I want to bend you over my desk and fuck you," I told her, my voice heavy with lust. 

Jessi immediately stood up and tuned so that she was facing my desk. I pushed my knee between her legs, making her spread them, and then I put my hand on her back and pushed her down until her torso was flat against the top of my desk. 

Her legs were not far enough apart to provide easy access to her pussy, so growled, "Spread your legs further apart, slut." 

Jessi moaned at my use of 'slut', something with which I was more and more comfortable, and rushed to comply. As soon as her legs were far enough apart, I slipped two fingers inside of her pussy. She was well lubricated, so they entered her easily. 

"Fuck, Mr. Warner," Jessi breathed. "Do you think you should have your fingers inside a student's wet little cunt?" 

"Oh yes, I think I should," I replied. "Especially after she walks into my office, strips, and starts sucking my cock. That all seems to me to be pretty compelling evidence that such a student is really a slut."

The blonde shivered and I felt her vagina spasm briefly. There was no doubt in my mind that the whole situation was arousing her as much, if not more so, than it was arousing me. 

"What are you waiting for then, Mr. Warner?" she moaned. "Fuck this little slut's tight cunt, and fuck it hard."

I took hold of both her hips and did as she asked, slamming my hard shaft into her in one quick thrust. However, as soon as I did so, Jessi let out a yelp that caused me to recognize a problem with having sex in my office - if anyone else was around, they would no doubt hear Jessi, even with my door closed. 

Holding myself deep inside of her, I grabbed the blonde's hair and pulled her up until she was bracing herself against my desktop with her arms. I then released her hair and clamped that hand firmly over her mouth. Jessi let out a moan, which my hand nicely muffled, and pushed her rear end back against my groin. 

With the one hand on her mouth and the other on her hip, I began to thrust in and out of my blonde lover's warm, wet pussy. As always, I marveled at how her tight vagina clung to me, even when it was sopping wet, as I pumped in and out of her. In many ways, Jessika was a better lover than her younger rival, but Jessi's pussy was like no other I had ever fucked. And as I took my young lover now with increasing force, I knew I would forgive all manner of problems she might cause so long as I could continue to enjoy it. 

I was so wrapped up in my own thoughts and pleasure that I was surprised when Jessi arched her back and pushed her butt back as far as she could before she tensed up and muffled moans escaped from beneath my hand over her mouth. And of course, I could not miss the rhythmic squeezing from the spasms around my penis. 

"Did you cum, you fucking whore?" I as whispered in the blonde's ear, and she replied by nodding her head. 

"What a dirty slut you are, Jessi," I laughed, prompting more nodding.

I quickly withdrew my rigid penis, eliciting a whimper I more felt than heard. Then, removing my hand from her mouth, I stepped back and told my former student to stand up straight and turn to face me. When she did so, I could see that both her face and her chest were pink. 

"Get under the desk and finish me with your mouth," I commanded. 

The blonde knelt and then scooted back underneath my desk. I sat in my chair and rolled it forward so that it looked like I was sitting normally at my desk. Jessi, without having to be told, maneuvered so she could take my penis into her mouth. She made sure to lick all her own juices from me before she began sucking me in earnest. 

"No deep throating," I told her just as she seemed poised to swallow me. "And no hands either. Just use your mouth."

Jessi did not respond other than to start sliding her lips up and down my shaft as her tongue danced along the sensitive underside of it. She started to pick up speed, but then hit her head on the underside of my desk, causing her to take it slower. I did not object - I was in heaven with the slow, sensuous feel of just her mouth on me. I was quite certain that I would be able to last quite a while with Jessi constrained by both my command not to deep throat me and the desk above her, so I sat back intending to enjoy what I thought would be a long blowjob from my sexy twenty-year-old fellatrix. 

Unfortunately, I had not taken into account that the very act of the young blonde sucking my penis from beneath my desk, where I could not see her, was sufficient to prompt heightened arousal. I was barely able to last five more minutes before I began ejaculating into Jessi's eager mouth. 

When I was finished, I pushed my chair back, and the naked blonde crawled out from underneath my desk. Remaining on her knees, she knelt upright, straightening her back as she stared at me, her vivid blue eyes shining. 

"Was I a good girl, Mr. Warner?" she asked. "Did I earn an 'A'?"

"You most certainly earned an 'A' today, Jessi," I smiled. 

My smile brought one from the blonde as well before she abruptly got up and started gathering up her clothes. As she dressed, I fixed my pants and stood up. I moved toward her once she had her clothes on again, intending to give her a hug and a kiss. However, she opened the door before I could reach her.

"Thank you for your advice, Mr. Warner," she said, making no attempt to lower her voice. "I feel better about my teacher for English 102."

"Any time, Jessica," I replied, my use of her full name causing her to narrow her eyes and cock her head to the side. 

After a slight - and brief - smile, the blonde shook her head minutely and then turned and walked away. 

I was just putting everything I needed to take home into my satchel when my phone buzzed with a text from Jessi:

"I left my glasses on your desk, Mr. Warner. Can you bring them over to my place at 5:30? I could also work on some extra credit with you, if you like."

***

At 5:30, I was just about to knock on Jessi's front door when the door beside it - the one to the apartment next door - opened and her neighbor stepped out. 

"She isn't home," the young man said as he glared at me. 

"Do you know where she is, Carl?" I asked, grasping at the first name that occurred to me. 

"My name is Colton, Mr. Asshole," he snarled. "And she doesn't need an old perv like you coming around anymore."

I almost laughed at the absurdity of what he was saying and how he was saying it, but it was obvious that he was being quite serious, so I decided that openly laughing at him might be taken poorly. 

"My name is Mark, not Mr. Asshole," I said as pleasantly as I could. "And Jessi asked me to come over tonight. She left her glasses with me."

I held up Jessi's red glasses, but her neighbor only glared at me. I think he was on the verge of saying more when a new presence interrupted us. 

"Not only that, Colton, but I've also told you to stay the fuck out of my business," a woman's voice snarled from behind me. 
