 Tuesday afternoon Ginnie called and wanted to come by that evening for some one on one. "Sure, come on over. I was just thinking about you, so be prepared to get fucked hard."

"Oooooooo, just the way I like it."

I hear Ginnie's car coming up the drive just before dark. I walk out to meet her and she gets out of the car stark naked. 

"Damn, girl, I may throw you on the ground right here."

"Hope you ain't trying to scare me off cuz it ain't working."

"Did you close the gate?"

"Beth forgot to give me the code."

"71354. Walk out there and close it."

"Walk?"

"Yeah, ain't no one gonna see ya. Besides, you weren't too worried about it on the way over here." I leaned against the house with my arms folded to watch her.

She pranced out to the gate with nothing on but flip-flops. Just before she got there, Jim Prichard was driving by and slowed down quite a bit. I could see him looking at Ginnie. Then he stopped right at my driveway, staring. Ginnie walked on out to his truck and said something then turned and walked back in the gate stopping at the keypad and casually walked on back to the house. I just shook my head. He didn't drive off until she was halfway back to the house.

She said, "As long as he had already seen me I figured I'd go on out and introduce myself. Think I'll get in trouble?"

I laughed and said, "Jim's gotta be over 90. He's probably not sure if you were real or imagination. Anyway, he tells such big lies nobody's gonna believe him anyways. You want something to drink?"

"I want something to eat. I told you I want to taste your cum."

"You did mention that last time you were here, didn't you."

We walked around to the back deck and I turned and dropped my shorts to the ground. My dick was already almost full hard. 

Ginnie said, "That's the biggest cock I've ever seen. I bet it's 9 inches and thick. No wonder I was so full. 

"Well, don't get out the ruler just yet because it ain't gonna happen, if that's what you're thinking. How many dicks have you seen in your short lifetime?"

"Seventeen," she said proudly. "Well eighteen counting yours."

"You've kept count and have seen that many cocks and you just turned 18?"

"Well, I'm actually 19. I lied to Beth when I told her I'm 18. I wanted to be younger for you, I don't know why. I haven't fucked or sucked that many but I've seen that many. The other two that I have fucked had a condom on because I wasn't on the pill like I am now. I also sucked those, but they didn't have a rubber on when I did that but they didn't shoot in my mouth. Two more I saw were my brothers when I busted in on them both jacking off side by side, and I walked into the boys locker room at gym and went to the entrance to the shower one day and saw the rest."

"What? You just walked into the boy's locker room?"

"I was horny and wanted to see what a real cock looked like, so I walked in. I didn't want to get fucked, I mean I did. I was horny, but I knew I wasn't ready. I was still cherry. One of the scariest things I ever did" she admitted.

"Girl, you have a twisted mind. I like that." I smiled big.

She walked over to me and kissed me deeply while rubbing my steel hard cock and said, "Lets go take care of this."

"Let's take care of it right here." 

She went down and placed her tiny hand at the base of my cock and put her mouth over the head. It felt like heaven. She played with my balls with one hand while working my dick with the other and her velvety mouth. It wouldn't all go in her oral orifice but she did try to deep throat it a few times. Her lips rode up and down my hard shaft, tongue licking the underside and pushing into the tiny slit at the tip. When she did that it put me over the edge and I said, "I'm going to cum." She worked faster and I spurted my jism and she did her best to swallow it all but some dripped out of the corners of her mouth down her chin and onto her breasts. After getting all the cum out of my nutsack that she could, she kept going to clean off my now softening cock. Using her middle finger she wiped the excess off of her face and tits and licked it off.

We went inside to the bedroom. She lay on the bed and I started sucking her toes and licked the inside of her calves, then her thighs and worked my way to her pussy. When I finally flicked at her clit with my tongue, she jumped. It was very sensitive now. I licked her pussy lips and drove my tongue as far in her pussy I could. This pretty much put her in high gear towards a very massive orgasm. I started rubbing her clit with my thumb and licking her pussy lips. I remembered that she is a squirter and wanted to ingest as much of her cunt juice that I could. She shook and then tensed and started squirting out lots of wonderful sweet pussy juice. I lapped it up. It was sweet and salty.

I fingered her to two more orgasms as we showered together and she sucked my cock some. After the shower we dried off and lay on the bed just holding one another. I started playing with her nipples, pinching and twisting them. She asked if I thought she needed a boob job. I told her no. They feel so much better natural and hers were plenty big enough. I leaned over and placed a nipple in my mouth and sucked hard. She quivered. I told her also that they would probably lose some of their sensitivity as well. She didn't care for that aspect too much.

I reached down and felt her pussy that was now pretty wet so I moved over on top of her and she spread her legs wide. I pulled her legs up over my shoulders and drove my cock into her cunt slowly and as deep as I could. Her pussy received it much easier this time. She groaned a bit and the groans turned into moans. In and out, rubbing her g-spot with the tip as I plunged it as deep as I could. I pounded her as hard as I could and soon she was cumming and I could feel her juices flooding around my dick. I couldn't hold back and as she was coming down from her orgasm I spent stream after stream of cum in her pussy. She came again and screamed as her muscles contracted. I could feel her pussy clamping down on my cock and I came again immediately. We were both spent. After a few minutes and another shower, she went to her car to retrieve her clothes and got dressed.

She wanted to spend the night and I told her it was not a good idea. She didn't make a fuss.

As she pulled away from the house I thought, "Wow, I'm fucking one woman that's 15 years my junior and two young enough to be my granddaughters. All very sexual and two are multi-orgasmic and one is a squirter. And they all keep coming back for more. I used to only get laid once or twice a month. All of a sudden I'm fucking about everyday. I shouldn't be doing this. Hell, I'm going to fuck 'em all as long as I can. This is way too much fun. Besides that, I'm down to 198 pounds."

Hmmm. I wonder which one will call next.