 Thursday night was pretty lively at the casino. The convention was ending the next day and everyone seemed to want to have their party hats on. It was extremely crowded as well. Just after 8:00 PM I had to wait for a seat at a blackjack table. It was a $50 minimum bet table but I really wanted to play so I sat down and bought $4000 in chips. Everyone at the table seemed to know basic strategy for blackjack so I hung around. I hate playing with jerkoffs that don't know how to play. They almost always screw it up for the others.

I had managed to just about break even since I had been there. Some nights I won a little and some I lost a little. Tonight was different. I was winning my ass off. After a few hours I was up maybe 13-14 grand. I was loving it. I needed to piss so I asked the dealer to watch my stack and left. I leaned the chair forward to show that it was taken. 

When I returned, the security guy that I had met on Sunday, and had talked to since a couple of times, was manhandling a young woman maybe 30 years old or so. As I walked up to the table he said, "Mr. Mathison, I need to talk to you."

I asked, "What's going on, Jim?"

"Well, this young lady was helping herself to some of your chips, Mr. Mathison. Now she's going to jail."

I looked at her and I could tell she was absolutely terrified. She had wedding rings on. I said, "No, no, no, she's with me. 

"Janice, I told you that if you needed money and I wasn't here to wait till I got back."

She looked at me with a puzzled face but didn't say anything, thank goodness.

"You sure about this, Mr. Mathison?"

"I've asked you to call me James. And yes, I'm very sure. She's with me."

Jim said, "Sorry, ma'am, James. This was a big mistake on my part. I hope you understand." He walked away.

I told the dealer I'd be back shortly. I held "Janice" by the hand and led her to a secluded place. Well, as secluded as I could find in this crowd. 

"What's the deal? Why did you try to steal chips from a blackjack table? Are you nuts? There's not one square inch of this place that's not being watched by cameras."

She was crying hysterically. After she settled down a bit she told me her name is Deanna and that she lost over a thousand dollars on slots and her husband said she was only to gamble a couple hundred. She had cashed in all the travelers checks and had no cash at all. She had to go home tomorrow and he was going to be furious and probably beat her mercilessly.

"Beat you?!?! Why do you stay with a man that beats you?"

"I have two children and no money, no family. I can't leave."

"Why are you here?"

"This convention. It's more of a motivational thing, to help people with sales."

"Do you work?"

"Yes, well, I'm a representative for Pampered Chef, You know, the kind that has the parties at people's homes and sells the kitchen utensils."

"Yes, I know about Pampered Chef, I have a lot of their stuff. How much money do you make a year?"

"Last year it was just over $47,000 after expenses. I'm expecting to double that this year."

"How much does your husband make?"

"Why all these personal questions? I'm not sure I should be telling you all of this."

"I'm trying to help you. I want to know what I need to do to be able to do that. How much?"

"He doesn't work a lot. He gets fired a lot, or quits. Most of the time he sits at home and drinks. He says he'd rather drink a beer than have sex with me. He's probably fucking our neighbor again right now. I can't believe I just told you that. It just slipped out. I'm sorry. Maybe $20,000."

"Wow, rather drink a beer than fuck this," I thought. "This guy is a moron, too."

"Look, here's $50. Get something to eat or drink or whatever but don't spend it on slots. Go to your room and stay there. Write down my room number. It's 212, and come by tomorrow just before you leave. I want to talk some more. I'll have a way to help you by then. Promise me you'll come by about an hour before you leave."

"I promise."

"What bank were the travelers checks issued by?"

"Bank of America. Why?"

"Never you mind. Come by tomorrow, ok?"

"I will for sure."

I finally went to my room about 5:00 AM. I was up well over 20K but was starting to lose. I had dropped about 3K in an hour so it was time for me to quit. Best night of blackjack I've ever had. 

---

I had set my alarm on my iPhone and got up at eight. I showered, found the nearest Bank of America on my phone and headed out to run some errands. When I returned I went back to bed. A knock on my door woke me up at 11:00 AM. I threw the resort supplied robe on and answered the door. It was Deanna. She looked quite sheepishly at me.

"Come on in," I said as I yawned really big. "Please excuse me. I didn't get to bed until early this morning.

"I want to see pictures of your kids."

"Ok, why." As she looked through her purse then wallet.

She showed me pictures of two lovely little girls. "They're twins, eight years old." The one with light brown hair was Tanya. The other's hair was almost coal black just like Deanna's and had her facial features as well. Her name was Cheri. Deanna beamed with pride. I could tell she really loved these two girls.

"Does your husband abuse these two lovely girls in any way?"

"No, absolutely not. He knows I wouldn't allow that. He knows I'd probably have him jailed or kill him myself."

"Do you still love your husband?"

"No. Not for a long time now."

I sat down on the bed. She sat beside me and I told her to sit in the chair.

"Ok, Deanna. Here's the deal." I pulled out some traveler's checks. "Here's one thousand dollars in traveler's checks from Bank of America. These you are to make sure your husband knows about. In this envelope is $10,000 in cash. This you are to make sure that he does NOT know about." 

"What? Why are you doing this? What do you want me to do?" 

"Simple. Leave your husband."

"I'm not sure I can do that. I'd really and truly love to, but I'm not sure I can."-

"Deanna, it's a proven fact that men that abuse their wives do not stop. It always gets worse, never better. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

"Yes, but I don't understand why you would give this kind of money to a stranger. What else do you want me to do?" 

"Nothing else. I won about $20,000 last night and it's money I don't really need. I've got plenty more. I don't believe in coincidence. God put you and I together for a reason and I think this is it. He wants me to help you start new. To help you get away from your abusive husband. Will you do what I ask?"

She thought hard for maybe five minutes. I stayed silent. "There's absolutely nothing else you want me to do?"

"No, nothing else. Just take your girls and get away from this abusive bastard. It's only going to get worse if you stay."

"I'll have to do some planning, but with this money I could probably get it done. I thought you were going to ask me to go to bed with you or at least kill someone for this kind of money."

"First, there's only one person I want dead and I don't know where he is and don't care. Second, you are definitely a fine looking woman, but these are not the right circumstances for that. Third, I don't bang married women...ever."

"I'll take your money on one condition."

"Ok, what's that?"

"I want your address so I can pay you back. I'm not a freeloader. I always pay back what I owe."

"But you won't owe me anything. I told you I've got plenty more."

"Deal or no deal? It's up to you."

"Ok, it's a deal." I wrote my name, address and cell number on a piece of resort stationery and handed it to her. She slid it inside the envelope with the cash.

She said, "Thank you very much Mr. Mathison." Then kissed me on the cheek. She turned to leave then stopped and turned to me and said, "You know I would have. That's why I sat on the bed beside you. I thought that's what you expected. I was that desperate. I still will if you change your mind."

"No. I don't do married women. It's extremely tempting but you are still married. You should at least wait until you leave him to do something like that. It's really not right while you're still together. Take care of those girls."

"I will. Thanks again, James." She walked out the door crying.

I went back to bed kind of thinking I should have taken her offer. It was almost noon. I was out the second my head touched the pillow.

An hour after I got up I got a text from Deanna. "I live in Lynchburg, Va. Now that you have my number you can call if you're ever there. I'll probably be free in a very short time. Thanks again, James." She signed it "Deanna and my girls."

--

Friday evening I took a ride over to Casino Arizona to try my luck there. It was crazy crowded. Almost every slot was taken and the blackjack tables were full. Even the high dollar minimum tables were packed. "Guess I'll just wander around a while," I thought.

I walked all over the place and couldn't find anything that interested me. I headed for the bar. On the way to the bar I bumped into a woman and as we made eye contact I noticed she had the most beautiful light grey eyes. I said, "Oh, wow. I, I, I mean excuse me, ma'am."

She replied, "I was thinking the same thing. 'Wow' that is."

"I'm headed for the bar. Care to join me?" I asked.

She thought a few seconds and then said, "Sure, why not."

"I'm James Mathison."

"Julie Rodgers," as she held out her hand. We shook hands and I didn't let go and led her to the bar.

We got to the bar to find only one table open so we sat. The waitress came and we ordered drinks. I couldn't keep from looking at her eyes. For the first few minutes I couldn't begin to tell you how she was built or what she was wearing. Her eyes were mesmerizing. I couldn't think of a word to say, although I did try. 

She finally said, "I normally have a problem with men not looking me in the eye when we first meet. They seem to always be talking to my boobs. You don't seem to have that inclination. Besides that, we've been here about two minutes and you haven't said a single word. Are you always this shy with women?"

I looked down at her chest and realized she had some really nice tits. I also finally noticed that she had red hair. Flowing very long and very straight flowing down on either side of them. "Actually, no. It's not that I'm shy. It's just that I've never seen such beautiful eyes. They're absolutely captivating, almost hypnotic. Until you said something, I couldn't tell you what you were wearing or even your hair color."

"I AM impressed. Most men couldn't even tell me my eye color for at least an hour after we meet."

"It's not just the light grey color, it's the shape, the clarity of the whites and the way you have applied the minimal amount of makeup to really bring them out into the wide open spaces. They're...they're...they're just, wow. I don't really know how to describe them. They're so...so beautiful but that word doesn't do them the justice they deserve."

"Do you dance?" she asked.

"Well, some people call it dancing."

"This place is too crowded and I'm not sure about dancing here. Want to go somewhere else, so we can dance? You have a car here, right?"

"I'm on a motorcycle. You don't have a dress or skirt on do you? Do you ride motorcycles? I'm getting this all backwards I think. We can meet somewhere or take your car if you like."

She laughed. "Damn, you really didn't notice, did you? I thought all that was a bullshit come on. It WAS working though. I'm here with some friends. I'll text them to let them know I'm leaving." She pulled her phone out of her purse. 

"I think I can get my skirt up high enough to ride," she said.

I was speechless again. "This night may turn out better than I thought," was running through my head.

She stood up and I could then see she was wearing jeans. I was almost relieved. Almost.

She saw me looking and asked, "Did that get you a little excited?"

"Oh most definitely."

"Good. It was meant to."

"She is such a tease," I thought. "I certainly hope it's just a temporary condition."

She directed me to a small bar not far from the casino. There was a smallish dance floor but no one was dancing anyway so it didn't matter. She slid into a booth and I slid in beside her rather than across from her.

I looked down at her hands and said, "I really don't want to pry but, you're wearing your wedding rings on your right hand. Are you recently widowed?" I wanted to get everything out so I knew where we stood.

"Not recently. Six years ago. My husband was a Lt. Colonel in the army. He was killed in a training accident at Ft. Bragg. I know I'm only suppose to wear them like this for a year, but I loved him so much I can't bear to take them off yet. I still think about him everyday. Now that that's out of the way, are you married?" She was looking me dead in the eyes.

"Nope, I've never fallen into that trap."

"Trap? That tells me you were close a time or two."

"Once." Thoughts of my recent night with Darlene came to mind.

"Wanna tell me what happened? You don't have to of course."

"That's ok. I caught her boinking my best friend the day I was going to ask her. That was thirty years ago. I'm pretty sure I'm over it by now."

"I noticed the temporary tag on your bike. Are you from Roswell?"

"No. The transmission went out on my other one when I started to leave the Harley dealer there and I just bought another one while there. I live just outside College Station, Tx."

"Oooo...a Texas man. Were you raised there?"

"Well, I was raised on the north side of Houston. I don't go back there unless I have to. Too damn many people there now."

"So now that you've been distracted enough to see something besides my eyes, what do you think?"

"A straight to the point kind of woman. I like that. I like what I see, too. I noticed you don't have panty lines."

"I would have to have panties on to have panty lines. I like what I see,too, that's for sure."

"Shouldn't be giving away classified information to the enemy, Julie."

"Enemies? Something tells me that we'll be quite the opposite in the morning. Although I must warn you, I haven't been in battle since Vance died so I may be a little bit rusty."

"Well then. Let's get out on that dance floor and work some of the kinks out and get you oiled up a little. I'm betting you can be a genuine nightmare when you want to be."

We danced a good while. Back and forth between sitting and dancing. I didn't make any real moves on her while we were on the dance floor except to kiss her several times and she gave it back just as much.

In the middle of a really slow number, she looked up at me and said, "James, I want you to take me home now and make love to me. Then I want you to fuck my brains out."

"I have a better idea. Why don't I fuck your brains out then make love to you?" 

"You know? That might be a better order of things. I'm really fucking horny right now." We loaded up and headed out. 

--

When we pulled up to her house I was amazed at the size of it. It was a mansion with gated entrance. The gates opened as we approached. We got off the bike and she said, "The staff is off on the weekends so it's just us here."

"Staff? I suppose I'd have a staff too if I had a place this size. I'm content with my three bedroom house on 14 acres. Do you live in this all alone?"

"Yes, I do."

"How can you do that? This place is huge for one person."

As we walked inside she explained, "It was my parents place. They died in a car accident four years ago and I'm an only child. So, it's mine now. It's discreetly for sale if you know anyone interested. I've thought it was too big since I was a little girl. I moved in about two years ago and put it on the market about nine months ago. Enough of that for now. This is what we came here for."

She grabbed me and put a real lip lock on me and started rubbing my semi hard cock through my jeans. It didn't take long for me to have a raging hard on begging to be released. She ripped the buttons off my shirt and started sucking my nipples. Damn, I love that.

She ripped the buttons off her blouse and I heard the silky material tear. She was furiously trying to take her clothes off. I was trying to get mine off as well. I picked her up and asked, "Which way?" She pointed. I carried her up the staircase and went to where her finger was pointing until we reached a huge bedroom with a huge bed. This was no king size. It was much bigger. Custom built no doubt.

I sat her down on the edge of the bed and kneeled between her legs and she lay back and spread her legs slightly allowing me access to her pussy. I started kissing the inside of her thighs back and forth between the two of them. I slowly moved up and licked her clit. It was already protruding from its hiding place. I moved down to lick her cunt lips and tongue fuck her some. I moved back to her clit with my tongue and sucked on it some and then shoved a finger in her pussy then two. Then I started rubbing her clit with my thumb while keeping my two fingers inside her and moved up to suckle her nipples. When I moved up to kiss her she started the first of many orgasms to come. It was a huge orgasm that had her cumming for at least a minute, maybe longer.

I slowly kissed her body all the way down to her feet. I started sucking her toes and I think she almost came again. I sucked each one with equal attention to all of them. She was moaning very loudly and gasping for breath. I started kissing my way up her calves then her thighs until I was again at her pussy. I licked her slit from bottom to top and then back down again and back to the center. I started tongue fucking her as deep as I could trying to reach her g-spot. She had a small orgasm. I moved up and started flicking at her clit with my tongue and when she was about to cum, I grabbed her clit with my lips and sucked as hard as I could. She erupted into another monster orgasm. It was all I could do to keep sucking her clit.

I stood up and slowly pushed my cock into her very wet cunt. She was pushing back as well as she could but her position wouldn't let her do much. She grabbed me by the cheeks of my ass and pulled me into her as hard as she could. My dick went balls deep into her pussy. I started pumping her as hard as I could and pulling on her hips to get as deep as I could. She was still holding and pulling my ass towards her. Her tits were jiggling with the motions we were making. Her eyes were closed. I said, "Hold your eyes open. I want to see those beautiful eyes when you cum."

She opened her eyes and looked straight at mine. She started cumming and held them open the entire time. When her orgasm was at its peek, they flashed a red color, then faded to white and then back to their true color when it subsided. It was amazing to watch and set my orgasm off. I released a lot of cum into her wet pussy. I kept pumping. She said, "Fuck it feels good to have cum in me again." Then I could feel her pussy squirt a little and soak my cock with its warmth as she came again.

She scooted over to the center of the bed and I joined her. She rubbed my cock and then she started kissing and sucking my nipples. She kissed her way down and enveloped my soft dick with her lips then her entire mouth. I was rock hard in a matter of minutes. 

I pulled her up to lay beside me. I moved over to get on top of her and her legs spread as if on automatic. I positioned my cock at the entrance to her cunt and started pushing it in really slow. Her lips spread as it gained entry and she was moaning uncontrollably. As soon as I buried my cock as deep in her cunt as it would go, she let out a little scream that she kept as quiet as possible and I could feel her cum on my cock again.

She started humping me very slowly. I was humping back ever so gently. She moaned her way to three more orgasms as I slowly made love to her. Kissing her mouth, her tits, her neck. Any spot I could find to kiss I was kissing. As she was cumming the fourth time, I continued to pump my cock in and out of her very slowly not increasing the pace. I jammed my cock in her as deep as I could and held it there while my cum filled her pussy once more. She let out a massive scream as she had a massive cum session. She had a huge orgasm followed by three or four smaller ones. I fell like liquid on top of her and rolled over to be beside her. She was breathing very deeply. So was I.
