 I've been asked for clarification as to timeline of my stories and understandably so. So here it is the best I can explain it.

Ok. The first was after I came back from my ride. The timeline is now straightened out and I've gone back to when I started my 14 month ride.

Thanks for reading and the input. If there is anything else you can help me with, please feel free to let me know. All input is appreciated be it good or bad. The good will let me know what I'm doing right and the bad will only help me to improve.

Thanks again.

##############

The dealership called on Wednesday and said my new bike would be ready the next day. I told them I was about 700 miles away and I would be there in a couple of days. I also told them to let Sweetness start breaking it in for me if she wanted to. I decided to sit out a storm and it was three days before I got back. It was a Saturday, 8 days after I left.

Sweetness saw me pull in and walked out to greet me with those pearly whites glowing. She said, "Dang this thing is dirty. I'll get someone to pull it around back and clean it up."

I started taking my stuff off that was strapped down and she said, "He can take care of that, too. Just leave it. I have a customer to take care of so I've got to go."

They brought my bike up and everything was already strapped down. I wanted to stick around to talk to Sweetness before I left. I watched as she worked this guy. She was a master. She showed him plenty of cleavage and shook her ass when she was turned away. I thought, "There's no way this guy's leaving here without a bike." He didn't either. It was a used one but he bought it, hook line and sinker as they say.

She finally got done and came over to talk. She said, "Fourth one since you left." 

"Damn, you'll be retired in a couple years at this rate."

"They all think they're going to get some of me although I never say anything that would make them think that. I'm really careful about what I say. One was a lesbian and she flat out asked me after the deal was all done. I told her, 'Sorry, dear, I don't roll that way.' She was fucking pissed."

"You've never been with a woman?"

"Tried it once because my husband wanted to watch. Just couldn't get into it. She was eating me out and I couldn't cum. She was down there for a while, too. When it came my turn, I got up, got dressed and walked away. Jake was pissed at me for a month."

"What time do you get off?"

"A few minutes after we eat I hope. At 5:00 o'clock." We both laughed. "You remember where I live?"

"I think so, but refresh my memory. I know it's close by."

She gave me directions and a key. "I don't think you're so bad off you would rip me off. I'll see you there."

On the way out the door a young salesman asked, "You tapping that? She seems awful friendly to you, much more than she is with any of us here."

"Nah, wish I was. It's her way of clinching the sale. Mostly men buy bikes. She's just using what she's got to seal the deal. Other than that, I don't work here."

"She's already sold you. Why would she act like that with you?"

"Appreciation for spending over $25,000 I guess. Besides, I was her first sale." I walked away.

Sweetness showed about 5:20 and we headed out to eat. I told her about the round I had with the young guy. She wasn't happy he was asking that of customers and said she should get his sorry ass fired but she wouldn't because then they would know we saw each other after work. She also mentioned that every swinging dick at the place was trying to get in her pants. "I don't shit where I eat," she said.

We both showered and headed out. We decided to eat then go dancing and Sweetness wanted us to go riding Sunday. Her bike is out of the shop so we'll both be riding our own bike. 

I followed her to a Chinese place she had found since I had been gone. After we ate we went to a pretty good sized biker bar. It looked like almost everyone there rode their bike. There had to be over fifty bikes outside.

Sweetness, knew a lot of the people and introduced me to some and said some weren't worth it. One of those was a particularly dirty guy that kept eyeing her...and me. It looked as if he hadn't changed clothes for a month. He smelled about the same. Sweetness said he was a very obnoxious man and always trying to get her into bed or the parking lot or on a table in here. It didn't seem to matter to him. "Luke doesn't seem to understand what 'no' means. He grosses me out," she said.

We danced a little while and then sat back down for a breather. Luke came over and asked Sweetness to dance. She simply said, "No, thank you. I'm with someone in case you haven't noticed."

"I noticed but I don't care," he said as he grabbed her hand. She jerked it away.

"Luke, when are you going to get the message that I'm not going to fuck you and want nothing to do with your dirty, smelly ass," she screamed.

He jeered at me and said, "What the fuck are you going to do about it?"

"Nothing," I said, "unless you touch her again."

He reached out and grabbed her by the hair and started to say something. As I started standing the heel of my hand popped him on the nose from the side. I felt and heard bone crunching. He stepped back and grabbed his face with one hand and his crotch with the other. As he was pulling her to stand, Sweetness had landed a knee dead center of his balls at the same time I had hit him. There was a steady stream of blood coming from his nose.

Two of his buddies came over and I moved over in front of Sweetness. She stepped from behind me to beside me and said in a low voice, "I use to fight MMA. You're not in this alone."

"Damn, you're getting sexier all the time," I whispered in her ear as I watched the two approaching. 

The bartender, which I found out later was the owner, showed up and said, "Let's break this up you two. Gather up Luke and get him the hell out of here. I've had it with him starting trouble in here. Luke, don't come back...ever. You show up here again, I'll call the police before you even make it through the door. Do you understand me? I know you're on parole and you don't want that kind of attention from them. Do you?"

"No, George. I'll leave and not come back. Unless it's to burn this place down."

"You try that and I'll take care of you myself. Do you hear me, Luke?"

"Yeah, I hear ya George."

Luke had switched hands and now had blood all over the crotch of his pants. He couldn't make up his mind which was hurting worse by the way he was switching hands on both injured parts.

George said, "I'm sorry for the trouble. I banned him once before but let him come back after a while but he won't be back after this. I can't abide a man putting his hands on a woman like that. Sorry piece of shit."

I asked Sweetness if she wanted go or stay. She said, "I'd rather leave. Looks like those two are staying."

I walked over to the bar to pay the tab and George said, "Its on me. Come back anytime."

It was still early and we decided to go back to the bar at the hotel I stayed at last time I was here. The rest of the night was uneventful except for us handling each other in a very provocative way while we were dancing. She would turn around and rub her ass on my crotch. I kept my hands over her back pockets and rubbed my semi-hard cock between her pussy and belly button. Occasionally she rubbed her hand on my cock through my pants and I played with her tits a lot.

When we got back to her place I came up behind her and put my hands on her sides just above her hips and started kissing her neck. She moaned loudly and leaned her head back, eyes closed. I moved my hands up and slowly unbuttoned her blouse. She put her hands behind her back and began rubbing my already hard cock through my jeans. I slid her blouse off and dropped it to the floor. Her bra fastened in the front and I undid it and pushed it down her arms and off.

She was working on the button and zipper of my pants. I was working her's as well. She slipped her shoes off and kicked them across the room. I helped her with my pants and started working on hers again. I got them undone and started kneading her breasts and rubbing and pinching the nipples. Her hands started pushing my jeans down and one reached to grasp my hard cock. I pushed her pants down to below her ass. 

She pushed them down more and got them off. I don't know how but she managed it without bending over but just a little. She turned around facing me, knelt and pulled my pants and boxer briefs down to my ankles and I stepped out of them. 

She gently took my hard cock in her mouth and gently started stroking it with her lips while slowly stroking my balls. Then all of a sudden I felt a finger enter my asshole just a bit. I almost came right then. She ever so slowly and gently pushed my cock into her throat. My knees got week and I stumbled a little. We decided it was time for me to lower my altitude some so I sat on the edge of the couch and leaned back. She returned to rubbing my balls and reinserted a portion of her finger in my ass.

Some twenty minutes or so later, I could not hold back any longer. I put my hand on the back of her head and waited for her to produce the result she wanted. I never applied pressure with my hand. She never changed rhythm until my cum started shooting into her mouth. She shoved her face into my pubic hair and held it there until my nutsack was milked completely. I could feel her throat moving on my cock. Very intense orgasm it was.

After a few moments, I turned her over and moved her up on the edge of the couch. I removed her panties and knowing she was in a slow and easy mood. I easily moved my face in between her thighs. I teased her for at least ten minutes licking her pussy and thighs. Tongue fucking her pussy but avoiding her clit while getting very close to it except occasionally brushing it ever so slightly. I slipped a finger into her ass. She was writhing in pleasure and desire. 

"Oh, you dirty, dirty man. I love the way you lick my pussy. I love your cock in my mouth," she said very loudly. "Eat this slutty bitch's pussy. Make me cum hard. I want you to drink my juice when I cum. When you fuck me later I want you to cum in my pussy. I want you to fill my pussy with your cum. Eat my pussy, baby. Make me cum. Make me cum loud."

I couldn't take it any longer. I wanted her to cum. Still going very slowly and gently, I started licking her and flicking her clit more and more. I put a finger in her pussy and reached for her g-spot and found it. Then I used two fingers and inserted another in her ass as deep as I could get it. She was still talking. I felt her shake. She went quiet until all of a sudden there was, "Oh, shit. Oh, shit." 

Her thighs closed on my head and hands and it felt like a bone crushing orgasm. The bones being my skull. She put her hands in my hair but never applied pressure. She must have cum for well over a minute. I couldn't move to drink the juice from her squirting pussy. She finally collapsed on the couch. She said, "Please give me a minute or two."

"I don't know if that was one very long orgasm or if it was a couple dozen back to back, but I know it was the most intense thing I've ever felt," she said. "It was just wave after wave that I didn't think was ever going to end, nor did I want it to."

I picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. I lay her on the bed and while still standing started sucking and licking her nipples. She reached and caressed my cock with her hand. I slowly backed away and got on the bed between her legs and scooted up and slowly pushed my dick into her wet pussy. 

"Do you like my cock in your pussy, baby?"

"Oh, yes."

"I'm going to fuck you slow and easy. I want you to cum on my cock. I want your slutty cum on my cock when I pull it out and stick it in your mouth."

After only a few slow strokes in and out, she started to cum. I could feel the juices of her cunt flowing on my cock. "That's it, baby, cum on my hard dick. I'm gonna fuck you as long as I can. I'm gonna fuck you again in the morning. You're my slut now and I'll fuck you any time I want."

I continued with a slow grind, in, out, in, out. She was thrusting and wriggling and writhing with the pleasure she was feeling. I sucked her nipples, bit down a little and she came again. "Yeah, baby, I'm gonna make you cum over and over. Cum on my cock you bad little girl. Make my cock wet with your cum."

As soon as her orgasm was subsiding, another rose and she came again. She finally settled down from her orgasm. "I want you to cum. Cum in my wet slutty pussy. I want to feel your cock fill this slut's pussy with your cum. Squirt that shit in me. I need you to cum so bad. I'll clean your dick in my mouth after you cum in my pussy."

"I'm gonna cum in your pussy."

"Oh, yes, baby. Cum now."

"You wanna feel my cum?"

"Yes. Fill me up."

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cummmmmiiiing. Shit."

"That's it, baby. I can feel your cum squirting out of your cock. Fill me uuuuuuuppppp!! Damn, shit, fuck."

We both came and it was one of the best and most intense ever. I melted on top of her. We were both drained completely. We both breathed very hard. After a few moments, I rolled off of her onto my back staring at the ceiling. 

"I'm exhausted," we both said together. Then we laughed. We fell asleep in each other's arms.

-

The next morning I woke and got up to go to the head. When I returned, Sweetness was lying on her back with her legs spread a little but was still asleep. I ever so easily removed the covers and moved to between her feet and gently spread them more. I slowly crawled up and started pushing my cock inside her. She opened her eyes and said, "I hoped you'd take the hint." I chuckled and pushed my cock in all the way. Her eyes got big and she gasped. 

"That'll teach you to trick me. Besides, I figured since you didn't clean me up last night, I could get a fresh coat for you to clean up this morning."

"Oh, shit. I'll have to trick you again sometime if that's the punishment I get."

"I may have to spank you next time, too."

"Promises, promises. Always with the promises."

We made slow love for about a half hour. She finally came and pushed me off and went down and cleaned me up till I came in her mouth. She showed it to me on her tongue and swallowed very loudly. Then she proceeded to clean me up in earnest.

She hit the shower and I waited for her then I jumped in. In between she said she knew of a place that had a really good breakfast menu. "My treat," she said.

Sweetness was in a pair of cutoff jeans that were pretty short but not too awful short. The button was undone and the zipper was down enough to see the tops of her pink lace panties, purposely I assumed. Also a very thin, white tank top without a bra that came down to just below her belly button. Her dark pink nipples were on prominent display. Damn, she was hot. My dick was in a battle with my stomach. My dick wanted to take her back to bed, but my stomach said I was very hungry. My stomach won the argument.

After breakfast, with Sweetness leading, we headed west toward Hondo then down to Tularosa stopping a few minutes occasionally to look at the scenery. In Tularosa we took a break and grabbed a soda and talked about our lives in general. We were there more than an hour. 

She told me about what an asshole her father was. He had forced her into an abortion at 16. He threatened to throw her out with no place to go and contact her boyfriend's commanding officer about him getting an underaged girl pregnant. He wanted to be a lifer and she didn't want to ruin that for him so she had the abortion. She had tears in her eyes when she told me. She said, "I still cry about it sometimes. Am I a horrible person?"

"No, you were a confused teenager with very few options. It's very understandable what you did. As appalling as abortions are, some young women are bullied into it because it is a convenience for the parents. They don't think about the consequences of the girl's mental torment."

"A month after the abortion I woke up one night to a naked man getting in bed with me. I jumped out of bed and grabbed my softball bat and slammed it into his left arm and broke it. My mother was out of town because my grandma was very sick. When he started screaming I realized it was my dad. I told him next time I'd break his skull with it. He never bothered me again.

"I guess John was an asshole, too. After I told him I was pregnant, he never called or answered any of my letters. He probably doesn't even know I had the abortion."

She cried on my shoulder for a few minutes. "I don't know why I just told you all that," she said looking up at me. "I've never told anyone about it, not even my best friend back in San Antonio. My ex-husband doesn't even know. I'm sorry to dump my worries on you. You don't deserve it."

"Don't be concerned about it. I've always been a good listener. What you say to me stays with me. Well, unless you tell me you murdered somebody." She laughed a little at that. I'd hoped it would bring a little cheer to her. 

"That's the reason I left home at 17. One month after my birthday. I stayed with a friend in Conroe long enough to graduate, then I put that town in my rearview mirror and only went back when my mother died. I've been out in the harsh cruel world ever since. 

"Seven years later when I found out I couldn't have children because the abortion wasn't performed properly, I was going to sue the doctor and found out she died in a car crash a couple months after. She also owned the clinic which was non-profit and closed down with no estate to speak of. I was pretty much stuck with nothing.

"Let's hit the road. I need some wind therapy. Oh, hey, I'm off tomorrow. Want to go to Hatch? I'll show you where they grow all those tasty peppers. We can get a room somewhere for the night."

"Sure, why not?"

We headed for Hatch, N.M. rolling in just before dark. We had to go south to Las Cruces, where we stopped to eat, then back north to get to Hatch. We set up a room at the local dive motel as soon as we arrived. 

Not much to see really, but there were pepper plants as far as you could see. Well, almost that far. I learned that the state of New Mexico actually trademarked the name Hatch for the peppers. All I knew about hatch peppers before that day was, they were very seasonal and they were very delicious. That, and H.E.B. was always flooded with them when they came into season, and every other grocery chain I suppose.

We walked around town a while that night. It was getting close to midnight when by surprise, Sweetness grabbed my hand and dragged me into a park that had closed at 7:00 PM. She pulled her shirt over her head and threw it on the table, dropped her shorts and panties to her ankles, stepped out of one side and kicked them out of her way with the other, bent over a picnic table, spread her feet to about shoulder width and said, "Fuck me, fuck me now."

What the hell? We were directly under a flood light. My cock was hard before my pants got to my ankles. I waddled forward and with my hand, rubbed my dick along her slit to find it very wet.

"Hurry up before somebody sees us," she said in a low voice.

I plunged in as fast and hard as I could. I started slamming in and out very fast and as hard as possible. After a very short while, she started shaking and then tensed up and that set me off and I released my cum in her cunt.

She was pulling her shirt over her head and I was zipping my pants when a very bright light hit us from the parking lot. Then the red and blues came on. Luckily, he was half a football field away. She grabbed her shorts and we ducked into the brush. 

We were now wanted criminals. Fugitives from justice. They'll call out the dogs to track us down. The S.W.A.T. team because we're probably armed and dangerous. The F.B.I. in case we cross a state line to avoid prosecution. I thought I heard the cop chopper at one point.
