 As a corporate meeting planner I have often been told how lucky I am to have such an exciting job. Unfortunately, although I love my career, it is usually quite mundane. I travel a lot and work long hours, always at the beck and call of a client. Early in April, however, I received an unexpected reward for all my hard work.

Mont Tremblant is a ski resort a couple of hours drive from Montreal. I was coordinating a meeting there for 3 days and I decided that I would spend an extra day to take advantage of great spring ski conditions. The day was perfect: warm, calm and clear.

I got to the resort ski shop early to rent my equipment and hurried to catch an early shuttle to the hills. As I was about to sit down a voice called out to me.

“Bonjour, Mademoiselle.”

I looked up to see one of the hotel waiters beckoning to me to sit down next to him. I have always had a weakness for French Canadian men. There is an air of sensuality to them that makes my knees tremble. I had noticed Martin in the dining room the first day I arrived. He had short, wavy brown hair and big brown eyes with long lashes. It was hard to tell, but I was sure that the body under his waiter’s uniform was tremendous. Thoughts of him had permeated my sleep with warm juicy results. Now, in reality he was calling out to me.

“Bonjour, Martin.” I replied sitting down next to him, delighted at my good luck.

“It’s a great day for skiing,” he said, “I had to take the opportunity to get out on my day off. It’s good to see you relaxing a bit, you have been working very hard with your group.”

“This is my reward.” I said, with a smile that insinuated that seeing him was a big part of the prize.

“Well, it would be a great reward to me if you would ski with me today.” He responded with his sexy grin.

“Mmm, I think this is going to be a very promising day.” I said very quietly.

Just sitting next to this man on the bus was getting me going. I could feel my pussy getting moist as my mind raced thinking about the potential erotic possibilities that lay ahead of me that day.

Martin and I spent the day together skiing and flirting. Occasionally his hand would drape across my shoulders and his fingers would caress the back of my neck or “accidentally” brush against my breast. He was teasing me and it was driving me wild. But nothing happened. Later that afternoon, it was with a tight-lipped frustrated smile that I said goodbye to him in the hotel lobby and returned to my suite for a lonely room-service dinner.

Once in my room I decided that all wasn’t lost. I was terribly horny, and my fingers had never let me down before. I stripped down to my white lace bra and thong panties and put on my short white silk robe. I lay down on the bed and conjured Martin’s face and body in my imagination. Slowly I began to run my hands all over my body. I slipped my right hand beneath the elastic of my thong and began to stroke my pussy.

Before I could really begin to enjoy myself I was interrupted by a knock on the door. Startled out of my daydream, I hurriedly straightened what little clothing I was wearing and went to answer the door. As I looked through the peep-hole I was amazed to see Martin with a room service trolley. His timing couldn’t have been better. I opened the door.

“I hope you don’t mind,” he said, “ I ordered dinner and a bottle of champagne for us. You didn’t have other plans, did you?”

“No, I have no other plans, in fact your timing really is perfect. I’ll just go get dressed.”

“Please, “ he said, reaching out to catch my shoulder with a wicked grin on his face, “don’t change. I like what you are wearing.”

We sat down and Martin served me dinner. After a wonderful meal and three glasses of champagne I was feeling lightheaded, and shameless. Entertaining sexy strangers in my hotel suite was not an activity I was accustomed to, but the alcohol and my intense need to be fucked were blocking any inhibitions I might have had.

He stood up to fill my glass with the remaining champagne and walked behind me. I felt his fingertips caress the back of my neck. His hands moved to my shoulders and gently he pulled the robe down exposing my sensitive flesh. I could feel his breath on my neck.

“You mentioned a reward earlier,” he whispered “and I want to give you one, one that you wont soon forget. You have looked after other people’s needs for the past few days, now it your turn to have your special needs met.“ 

“Ohh, yes.” I sighed, “Please, I’m feeling so needy, Martin.”

The straps of my bra were pushed down and my tits were exposed. My nipples hardened as he began to tweak them gently between his thumb and forefinger. I closed my eyes and rolled my head back in submission to the pleasure that was waving over me.

“That’s it, Baby. Relax. You are such a sexy, beautiful woman. I’m going to feel make you feel so good.”

He kissed me on my exposed throat, nibbling and licking all the way up my chin to my mouth. His tongue probed my mouth and I tasted the champagne on his lips. I felt dizzy with the desire that was engulfing me. My robe was completely off, and with a deft move of his hands my bra was undone and on the floor next to me. He pulled me up to a standing position and held me close. He stroked my bare ass lightly; I could feel his cock growing through his jeans. Then he pulled away and held my shoulders at arms length while his gaze followed the contours of my body.

“Dance for me, move your body while I watch you.” He said as he moved away from me and sat on the couch.

Self-consciously I began to move my body in a slow and sensual rhythm. I closed my eyes, began to relax and enjoy the sensations.

“Don’t close your eyes,” Martin said, “look at me and see how much I am enjoying you.”

I slowly opened my eyes and looked over at him. I liked feeling his eyes on me; he made me feel sexy. I wanted to perform for him. I began slowly rotating my hips and moving my body in long sensuous waves. I began to explore my torso with my hands, touching myself the way I wanted a lover to touch me. I turned my back to Martin, ran my hands over my exposed ass and increased the speed of my gyrations. My shyness was gone, I was a horny slut and I wanted him to know it.

“Oh, Baby, you know how to move.”

I arched my back like a cat in heat and turned my head to face him.

“I’m only just starting.” I crooned. With that I bent over with my ass towards him, tucked my thumbs under the elastic of my thong panties, slowly pulled them down and stepped daintily out of them. Instead of standing up again I spread my legs and gave Martin an open view of my very wet pussy. I placed my hands around my ankles and ran them up along the insides of my thighs. 

He gasped. I could see Martin through my open legs. He was rubbing his cock through his jeans and I could tell that he was breathing quickly. Watching my effect on him gave me a wonderful sense of power and victory. I had never felt as feminine as I felt at that moment.

“Let me see your cock, Martin.” I said, “ I want to see how much you are really enjoying me.”

He moaned and undid his jeans and began to masturbate in front of me. His cock was hard; I could see the veins along the shaft straining. To give him a better show I began to rub my clit and slip my fingers into my cunt. I was dripping wet and aching to be fucked.

“You are gorgeous.” He moaned, holding his very hard cock towards me. “Come closer to me, I have something for you.”

I couldn’t wait to get my lips around his cock and suck him deep into my mouth. I kneeled down in front of him and began to pull at his jeans. I wanted to see this man naked; I wanted to rake my fingernails along his ass and thighs. Martin didn’t resist me. Together we removed all of his clothes and I settled in to blow him the best way I knew how.

First I spread his legs wide and began to kiss his inner thighs, beginning just inside the knee and working my way up. Every once in a while I playfully nipped his skin with my teeth and he groaned. Once I had worked my mouth up each of his legs I began to very gently run the tip of my tongue all over his balls. Martin kept his pubic hair trimmed very nicely, and the skin on his balls was soft and silky. I loved the sensation of licking him.

Slowly, one at a time, I sucked each ball into my mouth, swirling my tongue around it all the while. My fingers were tracing patterns on his outer thighs and hips.

“Please,” he moaned, “suck my cock!”

Not wanting to rush things, I continued to take my time. I ever so softly ran the tip of my tongue along the underside of his cock. I paused just before I reached the straining purple head and tickled him with quick tongue movements.

“Oh, God! Please suck it.”

Finally, I placed my mouth around him and slowly engulfed his entire length.

“That feels so good, you are an amazing cock sucker.”

I could feel Martin’s cock against the back of my throat. His hands were on either side of my head, stroking my hair as I sucked him in deeper. I began to rock back and forth, fucking him with my mouth, slowly at first and the gradually increasing the tempo. His hips began moving to meet my mouth, and I had to hold on tightly to his ass just to keep with him.

“You are going to make me come! Oh, shit! I’m coming! Now!”

With an explosive groan he came in my mouth. I held on and swallowed every drop. I continued to suck him even after his orgasm passed, gently caressing him with light strokes of my tongue as his final tremors of excitement subsided. 

“You are so beautiful.” He said softly. “Thank you.”

“The pleasure was all mine.” I responded with a smile.

“Not ALL yours,” he said, as he gently pulled me up onto the couch next to him, “trust me.” “Now it’s your turn.”

I leaned back and rested my head on the arm of the sofa. Martin lifted my right leg and draped it over the back of the couch exposing my cunt in all its shiny wet glory. I couldn’t take my eyes off of his face as his gaze lingered on my most intimate parts. He bent his head and kissed the inside of each of my knees, my hipbones, and finally the mound of my pussy. I tried to maneuver my body to feel his mouth on my clit, but he anticipated my moves and swiftly pulled his head away.

“Martin, you are teasing me. I want to feel your tongue deep inside me.”

“Not yet,” he whispered, “anticipation makes everything so much better. It is worth waiting for, just like you.”

I felt his hand where his lips had left off. Martin explored my dripping snatch with his fingers, first teasing my swollen clit, then finger fucking me with long rhythmic strokes. I couldn’t help grinding and thrusting my ass, trying desperately to get off on his hand, but Martin had other ideas. As soon as I was close to coming he stopped completely and brought his fingers up to my mouth so that I could suck my own juices. Then he began all over again, only to leave me hanging at the brink once more.

I was ready to scream with mixed pleasure and frustration when Martin dropped his lips back down to my poor aching pussy, and began to gently suck on my over stimulated clit. This time I was not going to let him back off. I grabbed his head with my hands and began to grind my crotch into his face. He did not try to pull away, instead he dove into my pussy, nibbling, licking and sucking for all he was worth. My orgasm had been building for what seemed like an eternity and when it finally washed over me I couldn’t hold back my ecstatic yell of triumph.

“Oh, God. Oh, Martin. I’m almost there. I’m coming. Please make me come. Suck me off! Please Martin. Ohhhh! Yes!”

The sensation was all encompassing. I had never experienced such an intense sexual release before. My body shook with little tremors as my orgasm passed. Martin just kept sucking me gently, until I finally collapsed back against the arm of the couch with my eyes closed, softly moaning his name in appreciation.

“No rest for the wicked, my sexy angel.” He said as he picked me up, threw me over his shoulder and carried me over to the bed.

Martin lay me down gently and his hands started roaming my body, finding all my sensitive and ticklish spots. Once again his hands traveled to my tits and he teased my nipples. I was still recovering from his last wonderful assault, but his touch was re-awakening my senses and I was beginning to feel an ache in my pussy that could only be satisfied by one thing: Martin’s cock. I reached out to fondle him and was delighted to find that he was hard once again.

“Martin, I need to be fucked. Could you please fuck me with your big beautiful cock?” I asked coyly.

“Oh, I am going to fuck you, don’t’ worry,” Martin smiled wickedly at me, “in fact, I’m going to let you fuck me. I want to watch your tits bounce as you ride me.”

He rolled over on his back and pulled me on top of him. I didn’t need any further encouragement. I grabbed his cock and guided it into my slick pussy. He filled me completely. I sat still enjoying the feeling of him deep inside me; then I began to screw him slowly, rotating my hips and contracting my cunt muscles.

“Your cunt is so tight!” He gasped.

“I want to squeeze every drop of come out of you, Martin.” I said as I began to increase the tempo of my movements.

Martin placed his hands on my hips and began to move with me. Once we had established a rhythm he began to rub my clit as I fucked him. I could feel myself close to coming, but Martin was not yet ready.

“Please suck my cock just a little more, Baby. I need to fuck your sweet mouth as you suck your juices off of my cock.”

I have always been eager to please, and this time was no exception. I took his cock in my mouth and sucked him with renewed vigour. Martin repositioned me so that he could taste my cunt a second time. As soon as I felt his tongue on me I began to grind my pussy into his face again. I could feel the waves of pleasure building, but I wanted us to come together, with his cock buried to the hilt in my cunt.

“Please, Martin,” I said, pulling away from his cock reluctantly, “I want to come with you fucking me. I want you to explode in my cunt this time.”

“Ok, turn around and hold on to the headboard, I’m going to fuck you until you scream.”

I quickly turned around and arched my back so that he could get into me easily. He entered me swiftly with no pretense of gentleness. I thought he was going to tear me apart. He fucked me with such force that my knees were being lifted off the bed with each thrust. 

The headboard was banging rhythmically against the wall and I could hear the sound of his body slapping against my ass. I could also hear the sound of myself moaning loudly, almost screaming out his name.

“Oh my God, Martin, it feels so good. Fuck me, oh, please fuck me hard.”

“How do you like it?” He grunted, “Do you like it hard? Do you like it fast?”

“Yes, Martin. Harder. Faster. I need your big cock in my cunt. Please!”

Martin kept ramming his cock into me, harder and faster. He held me firmly with one hand and began to rub my clit vigourously with his other hand. His moans joined my own.

“I’m going to come again. You are going to make me come, you beautiful little slut. Here I come, Baby. Here it is! Uh!”

Hearing him pushed me over the edge and convulsions wracked my body as I had one more tremendous orgasm. I let go of the headboard and collapsed face down on the bed with Martin falling heavily on top of me. He rolled over and rested next to me, eyes closed and breathing heavily. I watched him quietly as he lay there, wondering if I would ever see him again once the night was over. Suddenly he opened his eyes and smiled at me.

“So,” he asked, “was the day as promising as you hoped it would be?”

“The day was quite nice, but the evening was terrific.” I responded and kissed him gently on the lips. “Thank you.”

“I have to leave you now,” he said after returning my kiss with his own, “I can’t stay here.”

“I know, Martin. I have to get some rest too. I fly home tomorrow and I have to go straight back to work. My little interlude is over.”

Martin got up and began to get dressed. “Will you be at breakfast tomorrow?” He asked.

“My flight leaves too early, I have to drive back to Montreal at dawn.”

“Well then, I guess I should say goodbye and bon voyage now.” He said softly. “I enjoyed spending time together.”

“Me too.”

Martin left soon after. The next morning I got up early and checked out of my room. At the front desk there was a small box waiting for me with a croissant, butter, jam, an orange and a cut rose. The note attached read:

Thanks again for a wonderful night. You are a beautiful, sexy woman, who really is as horny as hell. I hope you are back with another conference group very soon. Drive safely. Martin.

Martin had included his phone number. I tucked the note into my purse as I got into my car, and as I drove back to Montreal I began planning my strategy for enticing more of my clients to hold their conferences at Mont Tremblant - after all May is supposed to be a lovely time in the Laurentians.