 It's mid August and college for Beth and Ginnie starts soon. Beth is going to Texas A&M while Ginnie is headed to Austin to attend University of Texas. Quite the contrast for BFFs. Ginnie is really down knowing she will only be able to come by when she visits home. I had to turn Ginnie away a couple times when Beth or Sally was here or on their way. I also had to turn Beth away for the same reason because of Sally or Ginnie. Both girls were bummed when this occurred. I never told Sally no even because of the other two. I would put it off till later, but never said flat out "No." She commented a few times that my cum was low volume and hinted that she knew why but never came out and said so. I need to talk to the girls together without Sally around.

I called them to meet me when Sally was at work. It was on a Friday. I explained that since neither had a father around that I wanted to fill that void for a few minutes and if either didn't want me to or decided she didn't like what I had to say she was free to leave but that I truly wished both would hear me out. I told them about the way guys think and the things they'll do to get in their panties. We talked about the drinking parties and that they shouldn't drink but they probably would and when they did to not drink so much as to lose their wits. I told them that they needed to concentrate on their grades more than anything else. They were listening intently at what I was saying. 

I explained that nowadays, cameras are everywhere. If they wanted to be successful in life that they needed to take heed of their actions. Their actions, no matter how insignificant they seemed at the time, could possibly derail their plans for the future. 

Then there is the Internet. It's a wonderful thing but it can be a brutally effective way to do a lot of damage to someone's reputation and reputation means a lot in the business world. Don't think that because it is a small thing to you at the time, some potential boss or client may not think so. Once it's on the Internet for even just a few minutes before being deleted, it's on the Internet to stay, forever. 

At the very end, I explained that it was time for them to think about guys their own age and not to fall for the ones that coaxed them into the sack or the ones that refused to have a one on one relationship. 

They needed to find the one that treated them right. The one that didn't get mad about the little things. The one that was there for them when she needed him. The one that really showed he cared about her not just sex. There was a lot of things about guys neither of them knew and we talked about all of it. They could call me anytime, day or night, if either of them needed help or just to talk or for any reason.

Then I hit them with the bad news that I knew they didn't want to hear. I told them that it was time to break our sexual relationships off so they could concentrate on themselves and what they wanted in life. That our relationships going further was going to hinder their studies and and any possible meaningful relationships they may happen to find. Above everything else, they really need to buckle down and study and make the best grades possible.

We talked about 2 hours. They both left crying, not straight out bawling, but the tears were plentiful as they rolled down their pretty faces. I felt really bad but it was something that had to be done sooner or later. As they pulled out of my driveway, I felt more than a few tears on my own cheek. Not because of the sex ending, but because I really cared for them and their futures.

-------------

I called Sally and asked if she could come over tonight. Something I'd only done only a few times in the months since it all started. She said she would be here about 6:30. She knew something was up but I refused to tell her until she got here.

Sally rolled in about 6:45. I was sitting on the back deck drinking a beer and didn't greet her at her car as I usually do. She walked up to the deck and said, "You don't want to see me anymore, do you?"

"Oh, God no. Thats not it. Far from it. You want a beer?"

"No, thanks. Ok. So what's got you so upset?"

I explained about the talk we had and as with the girls I waited till the end to say me and the girls were not going to be in a sexual relationship any longer.

"Your idea or theirs?"

"Mine." Is all I could say.

"Wow. How did they take it?"

"Not well, I'm afraid. No screaming and hollering but they were both crying when they left."

"And now you feel bad and wish you hadn't had this talk?"

"Yes and no. I do feel pretty awful, but the talk and breaking it off had to happen at some point. Since they were both starting college I felt it best to do it now. I'm just scared they'll both hate me now. I've never been afraid of a female hating me before. What's happening to me?"

"You're probably sprouting a heart." She came over and pulled me from my chair by the hands. She pulled me close and hugged me tight. "I don't think that's going to happen. They are both sensible adults and will probably want fatherly advice from time to time. I'm sure you'll hear from both before long, and not to beg you back but to just talk as friends."

"You think so? I hope so." I smiled a little at the thought.

I asked if she could stay the night and she replied, "Of course I can, silly."

We watched an old sappy tear jerker movie on Pay per View and went to bed and held each other until we fell asleep. I woke up several times during the night and had a hard time sleeping. I finally fell asleep for good around 3:00 AM. Waking up at 7:30, I lay next to her and watched her as she slept. For the first time I realized how truly beautiful she really is. A magnificent creature to be sure.

She stirred and opened her eyes and asked, "What are you doing?"

"Just listening to you snore." And threw the covers back and got out of bed.

"Oh no you don't. I don't snore."

"Yes you do. It's a very low snore and kind of sexy actually, but you do snore."

"Nobody has ever told me I snore."

"They probably didn't care enough to......" 

"To what?"

"Never mind."

"No, not never mind. Finish your statement."

I walked over and kissed her and she melted and it was forgotten for now. It was a very passionate kiss. I knew it was different somehow but couldn't pin it down exactly at the time.

"Wow. I haven't been kissed like that in years."

"Like what. I kiss you like that all the time."

She said, "No. You always give me a 'Let's fuck' kiss. Not a kiss that tastes like your heart is pouring into me," as she stands. She's in one of my old t-shirts and is just radiating beauty in all directions.

"Can we drop it, please?" I stammered. She let it go and beckoned me to her side as she sat down and pulled me down and kissed me the same kiss. It felt so good that I just settled like liquid onto the bed. She pulled me over and we continued kissing for a good while. I moved over her and she spread her legs. I made love to her, slowly. No jamming my cock in her, no twisting of the nipples, no playing with her clitoris. Nothing but slow passionate love making. Kissing that same kiss the entire time. When we came at exactly the same time it was different than before. It was glowing, shining brightly through all the darkness I'd seen in my life. It scared me tremendously. I would have run away except I had no place to run to.

I've been shot at and had to fight off three defenders hand to hand in a covert action while in the Corps and I never in my life thought I could ever be this frightened of anything.

"You're shaking" she said as we lay together holding one another. I was silent and retreated to the kitchen to start breakfast. 

It was a good while before she came out of the bedroom. She said, "James, what we just.........."

"Please, Sally, I don't want to talk about it right now, please." I raised my voice at her just a bit for the first time ever. I was embarrassed about it. I apologized.

She came over and hugged me. "We can talk it about when and if you decide."

"Thank you." 

Breakfast was pretty quiet. During breakfast I thought, "All these months and we've never even been to town together." I said with a big smile, "Let's go shopping. My treat. Anything you want. There's some stuff I want to pick up for myself as well."

"Shopping? For what?" 

"Like I said, anything you want."

"Anything?"

"Yep, anything."

She said, "I want a new car."

"Not a problem. What kind?"

"James, you've gone bat shit crazy. It hurt my feelings when you raised your voice, but you're not buying me a car to apologize. I won't accept it."

"It's not part of the apology. Clothes. Women like to shop for clothes don't they. Let's get dressed and go." I was on one hell of a high for some fool reason.

We showered and got dressed. We pulled out and headed for College Station. "If no one has what we want here, we'll go to Houston." I said.

"The one time you had to go to Houston since I've known you, you bitched about it all day the day before and the day after. We're not going to Houston."

"Ok, Dallas or San Antonio."

"No, not there either. You don't even like going into College Station, James."

"Ok, we'll just order what they don't have and come back to pick it up. How's that?"

"Ok, but I still think you're going to need a shrink pretty soon."

--------------

We shopped all day until 7:00 PM. Then we went to a movie. We stopped at a bar on the way home to have a beer and some guy about 30 years old was making remarks about Sally. His friends were trying to get him to stop but I guess he was too drunk. I could tell that even Sally, the exhibitionist didn't care for it. His tone I suppose. Then he said, "I'd really like to slide my cock between those monster tits." 

I walked over to him and told him, "If you say one more word about her, I'll reach down your throat, pull your heart out and feed it to you before you fall to the floor." He obviously took me as a man of my word. He didn't say another word about Sally. His friends were giving him pure hell and laughing their asses off at him.

I walked back over to Sally and as we left she said, "You were pretty rough on that guy. I've never seen you like that." I said nothing.

On the way home I asked, "Would you like to go away for a weekend?"

"To where?"

"I don't know, away, like to another town....no, another part of the country."

"It's hard to fly somewhere and have only a weekend. If we flew out on Friday evening and have to come back on Sunday that really leaves no real time to do anything...to see things."

"Ok, we'll go for a week. Can you get off work for a week, maybe take vacation time or something? Wow, I just realized something........"

"And what might that be?"

After a long pause, "I know nothing about you other than having sex and what little has leaked out from Beth and yourself. I feel very ashamed and embarrassed. I don't even know where you work or what you do. Nothing! I know absolutely nothing about you!!"

"You really shouldn't be. Until last night and especially this morning, this was PURELY a sexual relationship and we both understood that from the beginning. If you wanted to know, you could have asked."

"I just didn't want you to think I was prying and what do you mean until........oh, yeah, that. I'm guessing you want to discuss it now."

"Not really now, but I would like to very much to get into it sometime soon. If that's possible. That's a cop out, James, and you know it."

"Probably, possibly, maybe. I don't know, we'll have to wait and see." We were silent the rest of the way home.

---------------

The night before and this morning, we made slow passionate love again. Both times it felt as if my heart and soul was being ripped out of me and offered to her as if for sacrifice. I think my sub-conscience was fairly certain at that time why but I refused to admit it to her and most especially to myself. 

When we had sex last night, and this morning, I wanted to treat her like a slut, a whore, a toy that was only there for my amusement and joy. The same I had been doing for months. I couldn't bring myself to do it as bad as I wanted to. I think she already knew it and just didn't want to spoil what we had. What we, or rather I, had was lust, wanton desire, kinkyness and a desire to pleasure myself not considering what she wanted. Sure, I made her cum a lot, but that too was for my pleasure and amusement not hers. 

"We need to talk about some things after we eat" as I set breakfast on the table. Bacon, eggs, sausage, grits and toast.

"Ok" she answered.

Breakfast was mostly a silent affair this morning. I had a lot to think about, she did as well.

"I want to know a lot more about you, what you do for work, what are your interests aside from work, what you like to do for just the sake of having a good time or to relax. Things like that" I said to her.

"Why" she asked.

"I'm not sure but I suddenly find that I have a need to know. I don't even know what kind of work you do and you've never offered a hint of these things really."

"Ok, where do I start?"

"Wherever you like."

"No, tell me what you want to know first. I must warn you, I have never lied to you, James, and don't plan on starting now. If you're not sure you want to know the truth, don't ask the question."

"Ok, I guess I better be mindful of that." After a short thought I asked, "What do you do to relax and/or have fun when you're not working?"

"Needlepoint, and I'm usually watching a movie while I do it. Oh, and pinching your nipples while on the back of the bike with you."

"Needlepoint? Really? I never took you as a needlepoint person, interesting. What kind of movies do you like?"

"Mostly old love stories and I mean real tear jerkers. But then I like comedies, drama, whodunnits and westerns. Pretty much in that order."

"Ever watch porn?"

"I was dating a guy for about 3 months when I was 18 when he took me to a porn movie theater. I thought I was going to lose my dinner that he paid for. Never saw him again. I much prefer performing porn, without the cameras of course, than I do watching it. I was expecting you to get out some porn at some point, as men always do, and was pleasantly surprised when you never did. I would have left and never looked back."

"Well, I guess I need to get rid of my porn if I expect you to stick around."

"You don't have any porn."

"I've got plenty of porn. I just haven't had the need for it lately."

"Ok, then show me. I'll go all in and bet you every penny I have in the bank and you can fuck me anytime you want for the next ten years if you have one bit of porn. You don't have to watch it, just show it to me."

"I can't take that bet......Ok, I don't have any. I find it very distasteful."

"I already knew that. What next."

"You ever masturbate? Use sex toys?"

"Whew, this is getting personal. Not lately, thanks to you, James. I have a small vibrator I use when I do. Do you ever masturbate? Oh, there is one thing I'd like for us to do."

"Oh yeah, what's that and why did you think of it now?"

I want to get a remote control vibrator or egg and have you control it while we are out. I think that would be so hot. Then we could fuck. I love the way things have been the last couple days, but sometimes I just want to be fucked and fucked hard. Do you ever jack off?"

"Well, not since you've been around, thank you Sally, but yeah, occasionally, and I need a good fucking myself every once in a while. What do you want when you finally retire?"

"Wooooo, where to begin? Mainly, I guess I want to not worry about finances of course, and I want to live somewhere secluded with lots of privacy. And with a man that loves me, I mean truly loves me not some fake imaginary shit that's about the sex. I found true love once and doubt I'll ever find it again. I was looking for it the first year after Steve was killed and got pretty promiscuous, but finally figured out that I would have let it find me, so I stopped looking and stopped whoring around. They say it only happens once in a lifetime. I'm not sure that's true and certainly hope it's not. I'm never giving up on it."

"Dang, that was a really intimate thought and thank you for sharing that with me. I'm sure it wasn't easy. What do you look for in a man?"

"All I know is he will reveal himself to me when or if I ever meet him and so I guess I don't really look for anything in particular. Just go with my gut."

"What do you do for a living?"

A strained look came upon her face and I could tell this is one inquiry that she was afraid of but I had no idea why it would be a problem.

She stammered around a good little bit with an "er" here and an "ah" there and a few "well". Then she said, "Just spit it out, Sally Anderson."

With that I knew I was going to hear something I may not want to hear. Maybe I should have remembered her advice before I asked. "You don't have to tell me if you don't want. Just tell me it's none of my business or something. You don't work for the CIA do you?" We both laughed very loud and she seemed a little more settled.

"I own a private investigative agency."

I thought I could feel my jaw rubbing the top of my feet.

"That's how you knew so much about me before you even came to my door that first evening."

"When I came that night I knew things about you that you had probably forgotten. I knew that Beth had stayed with you that weekend but I had no real proof. I was determined to get one of you to admit it. When she refused and stuck to her lies, I came to you. My plan was to get you to come clean and then get you prosecuted for having sex with a student or at least get you fired. I was convinced at first that you were hitting on other girls, too. After further investigations, I concluded that this was probably not true but still wanted you at least to be charged. If you refused to fess up and you weren't giving up any information I wanted to entice you to make a pass at me at which point I was going to slap you and walk out. My dress sliding up and leaning over to show you more of my tits were all part of the plan. The part that wasn't in the plan was that I became very attracted to you and extremely aroused while trying to get you all sexed up. I should have realized that would happen because I know I have some exibitionist tendencies and I get pretty horny when I do that stuff, as you well know now. When you were about to throw me out on my ear I really got hot and bothered. No man has ever done that to me before and the rejection was just another catalyst for my hornyness and made it more of a challenge for me. As you should remember I was extremely worked up and wouldn't have been able to say no if I had wanted to."

"Just how much do you know about me?"

"Everything. Graduated sixth in your class from Sam Houston high school in Houston, went directly into the Corps, went to officer training after only two years as a sergeant, decided you didn't like it and dropped out and went back to grunt work. You spent 6 years 3 months and 12 days before you finally left. You were recommended for a silver star that was down graded to a bronze. I've got all kinds of connections in the military and I can't find out what it was for. The U.S. was not involved in any military actions at the time, at least not on paper, so it must be highly classified. You started your small trucking company on a shoestring and sold it for mid seven figures after almost 26 years in business. You bought this place as raw land about nine years ago and paid cash then built everything on it with cash. I forget the amount but if you like......."

My jaw went back into place and I said, "Ok, ok, ok, you've convinced me. And, yes, it is classified so don't ask, please."
