 What's a fella to do?

I have found myself in a situation that both appeals to me as well as fills me with dread at the same time. I don't know how to resolve it, or even if I want to.

Let me explain.

I have been married to my wife for almost a decade. I love her very much, but our sex life has diminished quite a bit. When we first met and were married, we weren't able to keep our hands off each other. She would give me road head when we were going to the corner store. We would fuck at the drop of a hat in any location. We even began to swing with other couples. But over the last couple of years, my wife has become less and less interested in anything sexual.

Don't get me wrong. I would never go out and find another woman to cheat with. But the lack of attention to my sexual needs was becoming more and more difficult to deal with.

About two weeks ago, things at my house changed somewhat. A friend of my wife's ran into a personal situation and needed a place to stay for a while. We had known Diana for about a year. She and my wife got along well, and while I was friendly, I always kept my distance. It's not that I disliked her. But I considered her my wife's friend more than mine.

Anyway, my wife called me at work and asked if we could put Diana up in the spare bedroom for a little while. She had gotten herself in a bad situation and needed to get out of it and start anew. Since I am always willing to help a friend in need (as long as it doesn't involve loaning them money) I said yes. My wife asked me to pick Diana up on my way home from work, to which I agreed.

When I arrived at Diana's place (a run-down trailer in a very bad neighborhood) she brought out everything she owned in a couple of laundry baskets and trash bags. We loaded them up in my truck, she climbed in, and we were off.

Once we got home, Diana and my wife got to work getting her settled into the spare room. We all spent a pleasant evening having dinner and watching TV. Diana and my wife stayed up chatting long after I went to be.

Things around the house quickly settled into a routine. Since my wife is a stay-at-home mom of a teenager, having Diana around gave her someone to help with her boredom. I didn't mind either as Diana was pretty easy on the eyes too. She was very different from my wife physically. My wife has beautiful C cup boobs while Diana was easily a DD cup. So the view was enhanced ay home, especially since Diana got comfortable quickly and began wearing less around the house.

Diana was very thankful that we were letting her stay. I repeatedly told her that it was no problem. She insisted that she repay us somehow, but I said it wasn't necessary. She wasn't working yet and she didn't really have any way to do so. After one such discussion about her repaying her debt, and me telling her not to worry about it until she was on her feet again, she remarked that she would find a way to pay me back for the kindness.

That night I went to bed as usual. My wife took her daily medications, which tend to knock her out as well. We were in bed for about an hour, but I hadn't gone to sleep yet. As I lay there with my eyes closed, listening to my wife's regular breathing, I sensed, rather than heard, the bedroom door open. I slightly opened one eye and glanced at the door, which was on my side of the bed. I was lying on my side facing the doorway and I could see Diana peering into the room. I assumed she needed something from my wife and closed my eyes again.

A moment later, I felt my blanket rustling a little and then then I felt the unmistakable feeling of a hand cradling my cock and balls. Now I sleep in the nude most of the time so the hand had unimpeded access. I cracked my eye again and saw Diana kneeling next to my side of the bed with her hand under my blanket. I was too surprised to be able to formulate words so I waited to see where this was going. In the dim light, I could see that Diana was wearing a t-shirt and her nipples were very prominent. As she continued to fondle my manhood, I could feel myself becoming erect. I heard her sigh as I reached my full 7" hardness and she began to slowly stroke my cock. 

I didn't know what to do. I couldn't say anything without possibly waking my wife. And Diana's touch felt wonderful, especially since I had been feeling sexually neglected lately. I slowly opened both eyes to find Diana looking right at my face. She put a finger to her lips in a shushing motion and turned her attention back to my cock. She lifted the blanket up and stared at my hard cock as she stroked me. Then she leaned down and licked the tip where some precum was forming. I just lay there, too stunned to do anything but enjoy the sensations.

Then Diana slowly engulfed my cock with her warm wet mouth. The feelings were exquisite and I struggled to keep from groaning out loud at the pleasure. Diana had a mouth and a technique that were amazing. You've heard the expression "warm, wet velvet" as a description? Well this was much, much better. Slowly, but deliberately, Diana brought me closer and closer to orgasm. My hands clenched and unclenched. I took one hand and started to run it through her long hair. I felt her exhale of breath as I did, and she redoubled her efforts. She started to twist the hand around my cock as she sucked and stroked me in her mouth. 

All too quickly, I could feel my orgasm approaching. I placed my hand on her head as a warning. Diana continued to suck me in exquisite ecstasy. Then, I could feel my muscles tense up and I exploded in her mouth. Rope after rope of cum shot from my cock. Diana kept the tip in her mouth and swallowed quickly. She kept up her stroking motion as she milked every last drop out of me. 

All too soon, I was spent. Diana lovingly cleaned up my cock with her talented tongue. Once I was soft again, she released me and sat back and looked at me. She slowly lifted her t-shirt and took one of my hands. She placed it on her tit and squeezed. She mouthed the words "thank you" and then slowly stood up. I could see her panties as she turned and walked slowly to the door. Just before leaving the room, she turned back to me, licked her lips, and then she was gone.

I drifted off to sleep with a smile on my face and awoke feeling great in the morning.

The next day started off like any other. I went off to work before Diana or my wife arose. I didn't know what, if anything Diana would say to my wife while I was gone. So, it was with a little trepidation that I arrived home that evening. However, nothing seemed amiss so I decided to just go with it. I figured that it was a one-time thing, and it was over and done. Diana acted no different than usual and neither did my wife. 

Bedtime came and we all retired to our respective rooms. I wondered if Diana would repeat her late night visit, but she did not. At least not that night. 

It was 3 nights later when I felt Diana come into our room again. I opened my eyes and saw that her come in and stand next to my side of the bed. She was wearing a t-shirt again, but this time she was bottomless. I could see the shaved lips of her pussy in the dim light. Diana again shushed me and took my hand and guided it between her legs. As I slipped my fingers between her lips, I encountered a soaking wet pussy. I slid my fingers over her clit and began to rub. Diana sucked in her breath and grasped my already hard cock. With my wife asleep next to me, I felt Diana start to shake as an orgasm overtook her. Her breathing changed as she came but she maintained her silence as best as she could.

Once she came down from her orgasm, she began to stroke my cock. Then, rather than kneeling next to the bed, she nudged me onto my back and bent over and took my cock into her mouth. This had the advantage of allowing me to slip my fingers into her pussy. I did just that and began to finger fuck her in time with her sucking my cock. Her pussy was soaked and her juices began to run down my hand and wrist. I was so excited; I knew I wouldn't last very long. She paused in her sucking to move up and whisper in my ear very softly. She told me that she wanted me to cum at the same time she did. She then went back to sucking my cock again. 

It was only a matter of a few more moments before I felt her pussy begin to clench against my fingers. Her body began to shake again and she started to flood my hand with her cum. When I felt this, I unloaded what felt like a gallon of cum into her mouth. As she swallowed my load, her pussy continued to contract around my fingers. 

Finally, she and I both began to relax. She cleaned me up with her tongue. I pulled my fingers out of her clenching pussy. They were soaking wet. She grabbed my hand and started to lick her juices off my hand and fingers. Even though I had just cum, I felt my cock give a lurch when I saw and felt that.

All too soon, Diana stood up. She smiled at me and silently left the bedroom. I drifted off to sleep with another smile on my face. I wonder what next time will bring.