 After the past 2 encounters with our roommate, I was very nervous, scared, and excited to see where things were going to lead.

Spring turned into summer and things were fairly normal around the house. Diana gave me no indication that she wanted to continue our sexy late night fun. My wife was also acting as if nothing was amiss so I thought I would do the same. We all settled into a comfortable routine around the house. Occasionally, I would catch a glimpse of Diana in her panties or bra. One time she caught me looking up the loose leg of her shorts when she sat across the room from me. When I looked up at her face, she was looking me in the eye with a twinkle in hers. She winked and then got up and walked out of the room.

Lovemaking with my wife was good, if still infrequent and I found myself masturbating 2 or 3 times a week. The images that got me off the hardest were of Diana. I knew that things were going to have to change sooner or later, especially since Diana had set a target date to move out in 3 months.

In July, my wife made plans to spend a long weekend at the beach with her mother. They would leave on Friday and return on Monday. Since my job required me to work weekends, I wasn't going to be able to go. This had me kind of bummed out as I love the beach. It didn't occur to me that I would be alone with Diana for 3 whole nights. But apparently, it DID occur to Diana.

The Friday of her trip came and I left for work as usual. My wife and I said our goodbyes as she would be gone before I got home. I went through my workday with no unusual thoughts, and it wasn't until I was pulling into my driveway that I thought about Diana. She occasionally spent weekend nights with one friend or another so it was anyone's guess whether she would be home.

I walked into the house to find Diana cooking dinner. She was dressed normally and greeted me with a cheery "Hi', and a wave. I greeted her back and retired to the bathroom to shower and change.

Dinner was normal, with both of us engrossed in the food and watching TV. There was little to no conversation during dinner, and afterwards, I called my wife to see how her beach trip was going. While I was on the phone with her, she asked to say Hi to Diana as well. They chatted for a few minutes and then the phone was turned back over to me and Diana said good night and went to her room.

I talked with my wife for a few more minutes and after we hung up, I headed for my bedroom. As I passed the guest bathroom (the one Diana used) I heard her call out to me as ask me for some help. She opened the door wrapped in a towel and said the toilet was running. I went in and took off the lid. The flapper had gotten stuck and it only took me a couple seconds to fix it. Diana thanked me and I left the bathroom and went into the bedroom. I heard her shower start up and an image of Diana naked under the water popped into my head.

I felt my cock start to harden as I undressed and slipped into my bed. I lay there trying to relax as I heard the water shut off. There were several unidentifiable sounds and then I heard the bathroom door open and then her bedroom door open and close. With that, I attempted to relax enough to go to sleep.

I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew, Diana was standing next to the bed calling my name. I opened my eyes to see her standing there in a pair of boy short panties and nothing else. Her breasts stood proudly before my eyes and I remembered my wife saying that she had paid a lot of money for them.

Diana asked me if we could talk, and when I said yes, she sat on the end of the bed. She sat cross legged and I had a tough time deciding whether to try not to stare at her panties pulled tight across her pussy, or at her proudly uncovered tits. In the end, her boobs captured my attention and I couldn't help staring at them.

Diana reminded me that she was leaving in a few weeks and that she really appreciated us giving her the opportunity to get things together in her life. She had saved enough money to get a car and for the deposit on an apartment of her own. She said she didn't know how she would have been able to do it without our help. I told her that we were glad to help and that she shouldn't worry about it. The improvement in her life was thanks enough.

While we were talking, my cock was acting of its own accord. As she sat there topless, I was getting harder and harder until I could feel a drop of precum forming at the tip of my cock. I was wondering if she would be leaving soon, as I felt a strong need to jerk off while thinking about her fantastic tits. But then Diana reached out and grasped my cock through the sheet. I groaned and almost came at her touch.

With her other hand she pushed my chest until I was lying down on my back again. She moved and straddled my head and pulling her panties to one side, lowered her pussy onto my face. I did what any red-blooded heterosexual man would do and I began to lick and suck her pussy. She was already wet and she tasted fresh and clean. She started to breathe heavier and slid her pussy all over my mouth and nose.

I could tell her orgasm was building as her movements started to become jerky and her breathing grew heavier. Suddenly, she ground her pussy down on my face, shuddered and moaned as she started to cum. Her pussy got a lot wetter and her juices began running down my cheeks as she jerked and convulsed her way through her orgasm.

My cock was so hard that I felt like I could cut diamonds with it. Diana had kept a grip on it while I ate her pussy and once she started to come down from her orgasm, she started to slowly pump it with her hand. The precum was leaking from the tip of my cock in a slippery river. Diana leaned down and began to lap at it with the flat of her tongue. The feeling was exquisite. Her tongue was warm, wet, and very talented. After she had licked me like an ice cream cone for a few minutes, she stopped and sat up. She stepped off the bed and slid her panties down over her hips. Once they were on the floor, Diana climbed back on the bed and straddled my hips.

Diana grasped my cock in her fist again and started to rub it over her sopping wet pussy. She teased us both for a little bit. Then she shifted her position, raised up, and slid her pussy over the head of my cock. She placed both hands on my chest and slid down, capturing the entire length of my hardness in one smooth movement. We both groaned at the burst of pleasure we felt. The feeling was amazing and it was all I could do to keep from exploding immediately.

After a couple of moments, Diana began to slide up and down my cock in a slow but rhythmic pace. Her hands were still on my chest and she supported a lot of her weight there. My hands, acting of their own accord, reached up and began to fondle her beautiful tits. Diana began to moan as she started to cum right away. Her orgasm was swift and seemed very powerful. But she kept up her steady movements on my cock.

After her contractions passed, she moved her hands, and her upper body collapsed onto my chest, her head burrowing into the space between my head and my shoulder. I took that as my signal to grasp her by the hips and started to fuck my cock into her faster.

Diana's movements slowed as I fucked up and down into her slippery pussy. I increased my pace, slamming myself into her as hard and fast as I could from below. I could feel my bally slapping up and down and her pussy juice and cum was running down the shaft of my cock, over my balls, and soaking into the sheet beneath us. Diana's orgasms were coming one after another and I could feel mine beginning to build as well. I turned my head and whispered into her ear that I was gonna cum soon. Diana raised her head and kissed me as she ground her pelvis down onto mine. I wrapped my arms around her and slammed my cock as deep into her as I could and let my orgasm burst forth. I felt cum shoot out of me in forceful spurts. Two, three, four convulsions: my cock twitched and spit my cum deep inside her convulsing pussy. 

Diana was grunting with the intensity of orgasm, both mine and hers. Her entire body was tight for a few seconds. Finally, she relaxed and went limp on top of me. I also flopped back on the bed as my convulsions eased. I was completely sated. 

After catching our breath, Diana and I untangled ourselves from each other. I could hardly move and Diana stood on rubbery legs. My cock, which had been rock hard a few minutes before, now lay wet and spent across my thigh. I could see our combined cum starting to run in a glistening trail down Diana's thigh as well. She looked in my eyes, smiled, and then bent to pick up her panties from the floor. With a simple "Good night", she walked out of the room and into her bedroom.

I lay there for a little bit, marveling at what had just happened. I don't know when I fell asleep, but all too soon, it was morning. The ringing of my cellphone woke me. I picked it up and saw that it was my wife calling. I had no idea what to say to her. I pressed the button and said "Hey Babe".

"Well, how was she?" my wife said.

"Huh?" was my charmingly intelligent reply.

"Diana," my wife said. "Did you enjoy fucking her last night?"

"Uh..." was my equally witty reply. My brain was having trouble processing her words.

My wife giggled on the other end of the phone. "She and I set this up. I know what happened. I just wanna know if she was any good".

"Uh, yeah," I mumbled. "She was okay."

"Well, I'll be back on Sunday. Have fun, but save some for me" she chirped before hanging up.

I swung my legs out of bed, stood up, and headed to the bathroom. As I stood under the shower, I marveled at what my wife had said. I didn't hear Diana come into the bathroom. As she slipped into the shower behind me, I felt her boobs pressing against my back. She wrapped her arms around me and whispered a good morning in my ear.

This was going to be an interesting weekend.