 I had bought a small cottage that overlooked the cove, waves pounded the beach, while gulls screamed in pleasure as they dipped and wheeled across the sky. The cottage was reached by driving 2 miles down a deep rutted, rough track; it snuggled into the side of a hill, protected from prying eyes by a small wood of tall oak, beach and sycamore. 

When I first saw the cottage it seemed to call to me and within a month I had moved in. The nearest village was 5 miles away, the nearest large town 10 miles along narrow twisting hedge and wall enclosed roads. For some reason it suited me perfectly, I love waking to the sound of nature, the birds, wind and waves, the thought of a city scares me with its crowds and noise.

The cottage is stone built with slate roof and oak dark beams, a large stone fireplace gives welcome warmth when the storms pound against the windows. I'm lucky that a previous owner had paid for the cottage to be connected to mains water, electricity and gas and that they had also had the phone line placed underground. All this meant that my home had all the comforts of the 21st Century, but the charm and character of the 17th.

It was one of those warm spring days, the ones that hold a promise that summer is just around the corner. I was sitting on the beach, my bare feet wet from walking through the surf a book open beside me as I lay back and savoured the warm Sun. Laying there I watched the clouds playing chase with the Sun, seeing fairy castles and dragons in fluffy shapes.

Stretching I sat and retrieving my book settled down to read.

"Hi"

The voice made me jump, as it brought me back to reality, looking up I saw a young woman standing in front of me.

"Sorry, did I make you jump?"

"It's OK, I was miles away"

"Do you mind if I sit down"

I smiled and shook my head as she lowered herself to the sand beside me.

"I'm Megan"

"Hi, I'm Phil"

"What's the book?"

Closing my book I passed it to her.

"Poetry?"

"It seems a good place to read it"

As she looked through the pages of my book, I looked at her, she was slim and petite, long blonde hair was trapped in a pony tail the hung down her back. Deep green eyes looked from a face that seemed to speak of strength and yet mischief. A ready smile and full lips added to a beauty that had my heart beating with desire. She was wearing a cream dress, the Sun passing through it as she sat down revealed her slim feminine figure. Her feet like mine were bare and dusted with sand, for some strange reason I found myself yearning to touch and hold this stranger.

"Read me one"

I looked up quickly, the smile that played across her lips and the glint in her eyes spoke volumes and I felt myself blush as I realised she had caught me staring at her.

"What?"

"A poem, read me one, please" she said holding the book towards me.

"I don't know"

"Please"

I reached for the book.

"This one"

I looked at her and then at the page she was pointing to.

"That one, hmm,

Drink to me only with thine eyes,

And I will pledge with mine;

Or leave a kiss but in the cup,

And I'll not look for wine….."

As I read the poem, Song to Celia by Ben Jonson, I watched Megan from the corner of my eye. Her eyes were closed as she listened to my words, a smile playing across her parted lips.

"…..Since when it grows and smells, I swear, not of itself, but thee."

There was moment of silence before Megan spoke,

"That was beautiful"

I found I couldn't stop from returning her smile of pleasure and happiness.

"I'm glad you liked it"

Sitting together we talked about the cove and the countryside around us. I'm not a great conversationalist, but with Megan my words seemed to flow. I was only aware of her; the world around me paled into insignificance as I gazed upon her beauty and listened to her softly spoken words.

We both looked up with surprise when large raindrops hit us, the once blue sky was now covered with thick grey clouds, looking across the bay we could see the headland disappearing in a wall of seething rain.

"Do you live far away," I asked

"The village"

Megan replied pointing to towards the darkest clouds.

"You'll get soaked if you try to go home, look I live just up there on top of the cliffs," I said pointing "Why don't you come with me, we can have something to eat and later if the rain doesn't stop I can give you a lift home"

"I guess that would be best, thank you"

Why I said what I said next I do not know, looking back it seems corny.

"I'll do nothing to hurt you"

She just smiled "I know"

It seemed only natural to reach for her hand, her cool fingers locked with mine as we headed up the steep path that climbed the cliff face. We were about ten feet above the beach when the rain hit, the world closed in on us and within moments we were wet through, our hair and clothes plastered to our bodies. We slipped and climbed up the cliff, before running hand in hand to my cottage.

Standing in the kitchen we looked at each other, the water dripped from us to puddle on the stone floor.

"I'll show you the bathroom and I'll find you something to wear"

"We can't walk around your house like this, we'll get water everywhere"

I stared in wonder as she slipped her wet dress off.

"It's not a free show," she said with a smile.

"Sorry," I apologised as I pulled my shirt off before stepping from my jeans.

We were both dressed in only our underwear, Megan's wet bra seemed to highlight her dark nipples that pocked from her full breasts, while her panties were moulded to her mons and almost see through. I felt my cock jump and begin to harden, quickly I turned away, hoping she hadn't noticed my aroused state.

"Bathrooms this way," I said leading her up the stairs.

I pushed open the bathroom door and stepped aside trying as best I could to hide my erection. 

"Is it OK if I take a shower?"

"Yes no problem, I'll get you a robe and towel and then see if I can find you something to wear"

Rather than walking into the bathroom Megan stepped towards me,

"Thanks"

I gazed deeply into her eyes and with a shaking hand I brushed her cheek, she moved closer to me. Bending forward I pressed my lips to hers as my hands slipped around her lithe body to draw her against me. Her tongue brushed my lips; I parted them and moaned in pleasure as it slipped into my mouth. I slipped a hand down her back to cup and fondle her firm arse cheeks as our bodies pressed together. I slid my hands up her back to open the clasp on her bra.

Megan pulled away from me allowing her bra to fall to the floor as she spoke two words.

"Love me"

"Always"

Taking her hand I led her to my bedroom and lifted her onto my bed, I stopped to skim my underwear down before climbing beside her. We kissed deeply our tongues duelling in our mouths as her hands pulled my head against hers and my hands explored her body; from her svelte neck to her panty clad pussy.

Pulling apart I gazed with longing and lust at the Megan, the beautiful nymph that lay beside me. My need and desire were mirrored in Megan's eyes, eyes that I kissed gently before trailing kisses across her face, from hairline to chin and ear to ear. I slid lower kissing my way down her neck to her full firm breasts. She moaned in pleasure as my lips closed over a swollen nipple to suck and nibble, while a hand played with her other breast. I trailed kisses from one brown nipple to the other, running my tongue into the valley between. She tasted of rain and the sea and something else that seemed to increase my arousal.

I suckled and kissed the rubbery flesh of her nipples, playing my tongue across and around them, as Megan's moans of pleasure filled my ears. The scent of her arousal sent my wondering mouth lower, skipping across her stomach to tongue her navel before moving down. I kissed the line of her panties as I breathed deeply of her female aroma, before hooking my fingers into the waistband and sliding them down from her hips and over her thighs. I followed the flimsy garment with kisses and strokes until I pulled them from her feet.

I kissed her feet and ankles before moving my mouth and hands up her calves and thighs until I gazed for the first time at her womanhood. I breathed the fragrance of her arousal before lowering my mouth and slowly licking her desire swollen pussy lips. 

Megan cried in pleasure as my tongue slipped over her wet labia to flick across her engorged clitoris. I lapped at her juices as they flowed from her vagina, before pushing my tongue deep into her pussy, like a small wriggling cock. I tongued her pussy as her hips jerked in passion and her cries increased. I replaced my tongue with my fingers and moved my mouth to her swollen clitoris. I blew on the swollen nubbin of flesh before sucking it as I had sucked her breasts moments before.

The touch of my lips sent Megan wild, her hips jerked and her body shook as I sucked and fingered her to orgasm. As she came I lowered my mouth to her pulsing cunt and sucked the juices that flowed freely from her. She shook to the pleasure of her orgasm, her screams of release filling the bedroom as her thighs locked around my head.

When she released me I moved up her body, we kissed, Megan licking her juices from my face. Reaching between our bodies I guided my cock to Megan's waiting pussy, I slid my cockhead over her pussy lips, bring a cry of desire and need from Megan.

"O god Phil, love me, make love to me, please, o please now"

I didn't need further asking and gently eased my rampant tool into the hot velvety embrace of Megan's pussy. I lay still for a moment savouring her warm embrace, slowly I started to withdraw until the head of my cock was all that remained within her vagina, before plunging back in. As our hips moved driving my erection deep into her womb, our mouths locked and our tongues played together. Faster and faster we moved as our passion and need for release increased.

With legs locked around my back Megan lifted her hips to meet my forward plunges. Our cries filled the room as our bodies slapped together and sweat glistened on us. Faster and faster we moved until;

"O god Megan, I'm cuming, O yes baby I' cuming"

"Hold on, hold on I'm almost there, faster o yes harder, o yes yes yeesssss cum Phil cum"

I plunged deep into her womb before holding still as I felt my sperm shoot from my cock to flood deep into Megan's orgasming body.

We lay our bodies locked together as we recovered from our orgasms, we rolled over so Megan lay on top of me, and my cock was still encased in her pulsing cunt as we kissed. The feel of her body and her pussy that encased my penis had the effect of keeping me hard. Still locked together we sat up facing each other, we kissed deeply before I lowered my mouth to Megan's waiting breasts. As I suckled at her nipples she started to move her hips working me cock deep into her pussy before sliding it partly out.


Sitting together we slowly made love, savouring the feel of each other's bodies and sharing passion filled kisses. As our heat increased our movements became faster and faster. I lowered my hands to Megan's hips to lift and lower her onto my erection faster and faster, her nipples brushing through my chest hair, our breaths mingling as we kissed.

"Yes Phil, faster o yes faster, harder O god Phil I'm cuming, yes yes yes oh yes yeeessssss"

Megan's body shook to her orgasm her vaginal muscles milking my cock seeming to draw me deeper into her convulsing body. Moments later I came, pumping my jism deep into Megan's womb, before we slowly fell back onto the bed.

The rain had passed when we finally moved from the bed, arm in arm we walked to the bathroom. There under the warm flowing water we explored each other's bodies, with tongue and fingers. Tasting and touching every intimate part of each other's bodies, kneeling before Megan I once more moved my tongue over her labia and clitoris. Tasting her as the water pounded my back. I pushed my tongue deep into her body tasting our combined juices as I fingered her clit. She was leaning back against the wall, soft moans of pleasure escaping from her parted lips as I licked and sucked her pussy. Her hips started to jerk and twist as I fingered and tongued her to orgasm, drinking her womanly nectar as she came.

Standing I gazed deep into her eyes as we kissed, our tongues entwining in passion. Pulling away from me I watched as she knelt before me, her tongue sent shivers down my spine as it flicked over my purple, swollen cockhead. I moaned aloud as my cock slipped into her mouth, her tongue bathing it as she fingered the shaft and my balls. I fingered her long wet hair as her mouth worked on my erection it deep into her throat before slipping back up until only the head was encased in her full-lipped mouth. I moaned in pleasure until with a cry of release I pumped my seed into her sucking mouth. I lent back against the wall as she drank my cum and licked my cock clean.

Standing we kissed, I tasted my sperm on her tongue, I was surprised to find the taste aroused me, our bodies pressed together as we held each other under the hot falling water. Finally breaking apart we once more washed each other, before stepping from the shower and drying ourselves. 

Pulling on robes we headed downstairs for something to eat and drink.

Megan spent the night with me; we talked, held each other and made love. She has never left me since that spring day, where she truly came from I may never know she certainly doesn't seem to be known in the village. That doesn't matter to me; my life seems full and complete with her. To quote from another poem she is my north, my south, my east and west, my working week and my Sunday rest, my noon, my midnight, my talk, my song. I guess that that is all that matters now, happiness and love, what more can a man want.