 {It would be advisable to read parts 1 and 2 before reading part 3 because of a recurring theme}

Word spread about my good fortune; Dan figured out who my hot date was. Soon the whole squadron knew that I had spent the weekend with a prostitute. 

Two weeks passed, another payday. I stayed in the barracks, alone, saving my money just in case she called again. I searched the papers for which stage plays were playing in town. “West Side Story” was playing until the end of the month. Having seen the movie, I decided it would be a good place to take Laura, if she called before the end of the month. I spent two nights in the library, researching the musical. Three weeks, Harry wanted to go trolling for chicks. I agreed to go, saying I would not spend any money. It was another dull night. He wanted to know about Laura. I didn’t want to talk about it, saying, “even postmen don’t take walks on their day off.”

Another weekend. Saturday the 26th was a slow day. Sunday, 10 a.m.

“Randy, can you get a couple of days off?”

“Laura, where are you?”

“On my way to pick you up if you say okay.” There was caution in her voice.

“Okay,” I said, full of joy. Sarge was not to be found. We all knew he had a new girl friend. He bragged about having met a nurse, saying they gave each other B-12 shots to keep up their stamina.

“Damn, you know the schedule better than anyone, you know how busy we are going to be,” Dan said when I approached him about a couple of days off.

I pleaded with him. I begged him to understand my need. “Tell you what, call here tomorrow at 7 a.m. If sarge says no you’ll still have time to get to work. If it’s okay with him, we’ll sign you out for two days.”

I packed everything into a small bag and was wearing the Red Sox cap when I saw the Corvette coming down the street. The barracks had emptied to see me off.

She was all over me when I slid into the driver’s seat. The guys cheered when I kissed her, whistling and making wolf howls. I threw the stick into drive and stepped on the gas, Laura still holding on to me as we drove off. 

She was wearing a knee length dress, black with a white collar, black silk stockings and high heals. There was a single stand of pearls around her neck. She told me she would have to leave early on Wednesday the 30th. I warned her that I had to call to make sure that I had the time off. She made a face.

When we got to the room, Laura said she wanted to change into something more comfortable, and then we would go out and have lunch somewhere nearby. 

“I hope this room is okay, it’s a king sized bed, can you behave yourself tonight? Or do I have to get the suite again?” 

She was lifting the dress above her head, wearing black lace panties and bra. When I didn’t answer she turned to me and saw the forlorn look on my face. “I know honey, I’m sorry but I worked last night, even a postman.....”

“doesn’t walk his cat on his day off,” I finished the sentence, regretting my choice of words. 

“I’m sorry,” I began, watching her stand there in her underwear with a hurtful look on her face. “I’m sorry,” I repeated myself.

Her mood changed. Shedding the gloom, she sat on the bed, saying, “help me with these stockings, will you? not too fast, you’ll snag them.”

I got on my knees and looked up at her face. My hands shook as I reached for the top of the stockings. “I know you are,” she said, mussing my hair. “Careful, not so close to my kitty cat, I’m not ready to walk it yet.” Our eyes met, she was smiling again.

While she was in the bathroom I reserved theater tickets for the early showing of West Side Story that evening.

I paid for lunch with my own money. When Laura complained, saying she intended to pay for everything, I told her I had been saving my money. 

There were very few cars on the streets on this Sunday afternoon. We strolled around the city and found a park where people were playing games after picnicking.

We sat on a bench and watched a softball game for awhile. That is when I told Laura about the theater tickets. “I saw that movie,” she exclaimed, excited that I had made plans for something she was sure to enjoy.

“Karen, that was the other girl’s name,” she began. I gave her a strange look, wondering what she was talking about. “In the trailer at the edge of town that I told you about,” She continued.

“Laura, you don’t need to tell me about it,” I tried to stop her.

“That’s how I got the name Tess, from Karen. I didn’t know that she had a drug problem and when I found out I didn’t realize how serious it was. ‘Tess, Tess, Tess,’ she would say when I tried to talk to her. 

I put my arm around Laura. She put her head on my shoulder. “Hearing her say Tess every time I said something about getting help for her made me associate Tess with something unpleasant. That’s why I took it as my working name. When I’m Tess I’m a different person. I’m Laura when I’m with you.”

She lifted her head and looked at me. “Can you understand?”

“Yes, I understand,” I nodded. “What happened to Karen? Did she get help?”

“I don’t know,” Laura answered, a far off look on her face. It was then that I understood that she had only told me enough to make me understand that Tess was a different person, off limits to me. I dropped the subject.

We had a late supper and talked about the musical we had seen. Laura had gotten the main jest of the conflict in the story, Polish boy, Puerto Rican girl, gangs on the West Side of New York, roughly based on Romeo and Juliet. She said she had never tackled Shakespeare and I had to admit that I only read what had been required in school. She wore the black dress with the white collar and single strand of pearls. When the bill arrived, Laura patted her chest, indicating that I should reach inside my coat and smiled when I pulled out the one hundred dollar bill.

The air had cooled some as we walked hand in hand to the hotel. She let me help remove her stockings again. I made sure my hands kept their distance from her pussy. She asked me to pour her a drink from the same bottle of scotch from the month before. When she came out of the bathroom she was wearing the same long night gown.

She was restless during the night, moving around in her sleep, kicking the covers off the bed, kicking me and talking in her sleep. At one point I woke to find her on top of me, holding on to me and murmuring something unintelligible in my ear. 

We slept late the next morning, both tired from Laura’s restless night. It was after seven when I made the call to find out if I could take a couple of days leave. Sarge, in he good natured way said, “kid, don’t ever say I didn’t warn you about taking up with a whore.”

We had a light breakfast and went out for a walk, me wearing the Red Sox cap. Laura had dressed in a white blouse and a short skirt, making me think she had something planned. We walked the city, watching people rush into office buildings and retail stores. In a bookstore, I found “The Works of William Shakespeare” that included “Romeo and Juliet.” Laura clutched the book to her breast, declaring that she would always cherish it, stopping short of saying she would read it. She wanted to go clothes shopping for me but I declined the offer. She threatened to take me shopping for women’s underwear again. I acquiesced. When she presented her credit card to pay the 367 dollars for slacks, a sport coat, shirts and shoes she insisted that I needed, I noticed her name on the card, Laura T Stone.

After lunch we took a cab back to the hotel because of the distance and because of the number of packages we had accumulated.

“Don’t,” she said, slapping my hand. We had been on the bed for several minutes, kissing passionately. When Laura begin to moan I took it as an invitation to feel her breasts. But as I tried to unbutton her blouse I discovered that she was being Mary Ann.

Undaunted, I continued to kiss her as I nudged her legs apart and let my cock press against her pelvis. Soon she was moaning as I dry humped her. Slowly, the skirt moved up her thighs. She opened her legs more and a smell of sex entered my nostrils. I pushed my tongue inside her mouth, she moaned again. The skirt was up to her waist. I kept humping and moved my hand down to lower my zipper. We both heard it. Laura’s mouth went slack for a second. I fished my cock out and moved forward, inserting my thumb under her panty leg band. The crouch was loose and moved easily to the side. My cock was at her pussy door when she broke the kiss. Shocked, I opened my eyes and looked into hers. 

We held eye contact, coming to an understanding. She smiled. It was Mary Ann giving me the okay to go ahead. I pushed and watched her eyes. She grunted. I pushed again. She lifted her legs to give be greater access. My cock felt the warm wet walls of her pussy surround it. She smiled again and pushed up to meet me. Fully engaged, we moved together, enjoying the event as if it was our first time together. Being Mary Ann, she didn’t talk until she announced that she was coming and then it was more of a whisper, not the screaming praise I had heard when we had fucked a few weeks before. When I splashed several shots of cum deep within her, brief shudders escaped her lips.

“Could you tell I wanted to do it? Did you like it?” she whispered into my ear. I propped myself up and looked down to see the serious look on her face, her eyes seeking my answer.

“Yes, I knew you were going to let me. I liked it a lot. Did it hurt?” I answered, knowing that she wanted to be Mary Ann.

“It hurt at first but I wanted you to do it. It scarred me when I heard the zipper.”

She washed the soaked panties and hung them up to dry in the bathroom, ‘for tomorrow,’ she said. When she came back to the bed she was still wearing the skirt.

She let me remove my pants and shorts but made me keep my shirt on as she mounted me, the short skirt hiding the view of her pussy encasing my cock. She rested on her knees, moving up and down with long strokes. She fucked me like that for a long time. Gone was the jumping jack routine she had used that night at the brothel. And there were no tricks to bring me off quickly. She enjoyed herself and treated me to the best fuck I have ever had. 

At least twice she stopped, grinning down at me, nodding to let me know she had climaxed. As it ended with me giving way to the storm in my balls, she toppled on to me.

“Mary Ann is learning to fuck, wouldn’t you say?”

“I think Mary Ann likes it,” I agreed with her.

She wore that skirt all weekend, along with the panties when they were dry, without them when they hung in the bathroom. We only left the room twice, once to see a movie when the panties were drying in the bath room. “You’re getting better with the zipper, I hardly heard it today,” she whispered in my ear as we waited for the main feature to begin.

We did ‘Mary Ann’ every way imaginable. ‘First time’ when the panties were dry and ‘second, third and forth time,’ when they weren’t. I never saw her tits. Mary Ann would not allow it.

When Wednesday morning came and it was time for her to take me back to the base the panties were in the bathroom, drying from the night before. Laura was dressed in jeans and a T-shirt. “Can’t mix business with pleasure,” she said, signaling that our lovemaking had come to an end for this time. 

“Give me your address, I’ll write,” I said as we were driving to the base.

“That’s not a good idea,” she responded, without elaborating.

“Then give me a phone number where I can call you.” She gave me the same answer, becoming quiet.

We kissed goodbye at my barracks. I turned to leave, wanting her out of my sight, not wanting to think about her having to go back to the brothel. But she held my hand until I turned for one last look. “You’re my R & R,” she said, beaming.

Days drug by. Try as I might, I could not rid my mind of a recurring picture, Laura inspecting strange men’s cocks and getting naked for them. Sometimes I heard ‘the knock on the door,’ in the middle of the night, followed by, ‘we’re done.’

“Tucker the Fucker.”

Recognizing the voice, I turned toward the tool crib to see Davis leering at me, standing behind the half-door entrance where he begrudgingly loaned special tools to mechanics. Davis was not very popular among the clientele he served. Often absent, Davis would make mechanics wait outside the locked tool crib, then give them a lame ass excuse when he could not find the tool they needed. 

I smiled at him, feigning amusement at the brilliant knack he had for forming the rhyme. I turned to be on my way.

“Tess sucked my dick real good.”

I whirled around to see him, his upper lip curled in a snarl, his dark eyes laughing, his body tense, waiting for me to react.

Furious with his comment and more so with the enjoyment he had taken in delivering it, I shook my head. I was prepared for something like this, knowing it would come eventually. I had planned to laugh it off, to take it in stride, not to let it bother me. I had told myself that it went with the territory. I would be truthful to myself; I was dating a whore. I would shrug it off.

But not from this venal, filthy bastard, filthy body, filthy right down to his soul. I had not anticipated he would be the one. He was still watching me.

“I told her I knew you. Tess is a pretty cool chick, she said she didn’t know what I was talking about,” he taunted me. I pictured her with this jerk. Nothing would shake Tess when she was at work, she was used to taking abusive comments, for money. 

My mind swirled. Torn, ‘I would stick to my plan, shrug it off,’ I couldn’t move, ‘go after him, shut him up,’ my mind raced, I couldn’t move.

“She begged me not to tell you, said she would give me something special.”

My hands had him by the collars of his fatigues, pulling him toward the half door with the intent of crushing his chest into the top of the door. The door was not locked as it should have been, Davis always guarded his little haven. It came open, bringing Davis with it. Lifting both of his arms up, he shook my hold on his collar. I fell backward but righted myself just as he landed the first punch, a left to my right eye. I had not considered what a big man Davis was. He was not tall but heavy and big around the girth. I went for his mid section and may have landed a couple of punches, I never knew, the blow to my eye had rattled my thinking. I must have grabbed on to anything I could. Felling a blow to my chest, I held his neck with a thumb on his adams apple, trying to choke him. 

A bunch of guys I didn’t know broke us up. I got the worst of it. Besides an eye that would be black and sore for the next week, my chest hurt every time I took a breath. All that I had done to Davis was make his eyes bug out for a few seconds.

“Hey Tucker, she fucks real good too,” I heard him say as the flight-line guys led him away.

The eye was still swelled a few days later when I was ordered to report to the old man’s office. The first sergeant briefed me on how I was to report. 

“What did I say to you the day you checked in here Tucker?” the major asked. 

“You said, ‘don’t fuck up, sir.”

“And what did you say at the time?”

“I said I wouldn’t, sir.”

“Wouldn’t what?”

“Fuck up, sir.”

“I’ve been hearing about a car that has been coming to pick you up and drop you off, it sounds like trouble just waiting to happen to me.” 

He had not asked me to comment. I remained at attention, eyes straight ahead. 

“What do you have to say for yourself Tucker?”

“I fucked up, sir.”

“I hear you have an alibi but I have to ask, did you have anything to do with Davis falling down the stairs?”

“No sir,” I answered, keeping my eyes focused on a group of diplomas on the back wall of the major’s office. On the second night after the incident with Davis, Harry had made allot of noise about he and I going to take in a movie down town. I refused to go. He insisted. Every one in the barrack watched us leave and Harry made sure they knew when we got back. He even let it be known that he had taken me to a bar and I how much trouble it had been to get me served. Hearing the major say I had an alibi begin to register. Harry had set it up for he and I to be off the base when Davis met with the military’s version of vigilante justice, the blanket party. Davis had told everyone he had fallen down stairs. From the looks of him it must have been a long hard fall.

The major was stern. He enumerated the various discipline options he had at his disposal that he could level against me for instigating a fight. He sited my good record and while he did not divulge it, I knew he was aware that Davis was a trouble maker. Nor did he mention Laura or the car again. In a way, I got the impression that he was envious of my luck, spending time with a beautiful women.

“I don’t want to see you in here again Tucker.”

“Yes sir, thank you sir.” 

Harry wouldn’t talk about the alibi but he was curious about what the old man had to say. “I thought you would get an article 15 for sure,” he said.

When Laura called to ask it she could pick me up I told her I had a ride, Sarge would drop me off at the hotel, on his way to the hospital to pick up his nurse.

We only did the Mary Ann thing once that weekend. When I told her I was being transferred overseas she stripped off the short skirt and the rest of her clothes. Coming to me, she unbuttoned my shirt and got me naked too. She lay on top of me, her tits pressed to my chest and she cried. I held her in my arms and let her cry.

“When?” she asked, wiping her eyes, gaining control of her emotions.

“Three weeks,” I said. “I’ve known for awhile but I didn’t have any way to get a hold of you.”

“Damn it,” she said, pounding her fist on the bed, “I’ll give you my address, I’ll call you every day until you leave, damn it!”

“Will you write to me? Overseas I mean?”

“You know I will,” her voice was raspy and I felt moisture on my cheek where her head rested.

The next day we drove to the same garden restaurant with the fountain in the center of the pool. It had been Laura’s idea to go there again. Her spirit had returned, she was in an adventurous mood. 

Her hair had been cut since our last weekend together. It had been straightened at shoulder length and a light tint had been added. She wore sneakers, white slacks, a white top that accented her breasts and the straw hat from our first weekend together. Her lipstick was a brighter color than I had seen her wear before. Her eyes looked different too.

“I have a confession,” she said, as I took my seat across her at the glass topped table.

“Oh?”

“I’ll be 29 tomorrow,” she said, timidly watching me for a reaction.

“Why didn’t you tell me before?” I feigned ire in my voice, trying to sound angry that she had kept her birthday from me. 

“I thought you might dump me for someone younger,” she answered, very seriously. She removed the straw hat and placed it on the table, displaying a center part in her lightened hair. I wondered if she was changing her look because of the birthday. Or was it a frail attempt at disguise, in case Davis saw her picking me up or dropping me off?

“What would you like to do to celebrate the big day?” I asked, unable to think of anything myself. I would need to get her a present. What could that be? She didn’t wear jewelry. One thing was certain. I would pay for the gift with my own money.

“This will be my gift,” she looked around at the flower laden garden. “It’s like I imagine Capulet’s garden would look.”

“Huh?”

“You know, the garden where Romeo came to visit Juliet.”

“You’ve been reading the book? Shakespeare?”

“What satisfaction canst thou have tonight?”

“The exchange of thy love’s faithful vow for mine.” It was the waitress who spoke. She had approached silently, listened to Laura quote the line and could not resist quoting Romeo’s line.
