 The motel was new but the room was small. In addition to the bed, there was a television and a chair in front of a small desk, cluttered with menus from nearby restaurants. I hung our jackets in the closet and pulled out the chair for Huley to be seated. Kneeling, I unlaced the boots, and then removed the heavy wool socks. Her toenails were painted a shade of emerald to nearly match the shirt.

Huley leaned down for a kiss, beaming as I massaged her feet, spreading her long toes and tickling the soles of her feet. When I moved my hands to the back of her legs Huley placed her hands on my head and pushed herself up, wanting to stand.

With my left hand placed at the small of her back and the other one on her ass I ran my tongue along the inside of her upper lip, counting the perfect teeth until I felt the saw shaped tooth. Huley placed her tongue inside my upper lip and fluttered it, making me laugh and loose my balance.

Moving my left leg out to keep from falling I realized that her bare feet were on my shoes and her leg was moving along with mine. Becoming aroused, I wondered if Huley had noticed my growing cock. Of course she had. There was no clearance between our bodies and there was no place for my swelled cock to go.

"I hope you have protection," she said when we parted briefly.

"Yes," I mumbled, giving Laura and myself extra credit for my being prepared. 

"Good, because I don't know what's on television tonight and that's the last thing I want to do," she said, grinning as she stepped off of my shoes.

We silently reached an agreement. We had come to terms; neither of us cared what was on TV.

I extended my hand and touched her head just above her right ear where the blond hair had been combed back to make the bun at the back of her head.

"Please don't, not just yet," she said, catching my hand and moving it to the top button on her shirt. "Hang up my clothes, please."

She had dressed for the football game. The shirt was made of heavy material. She had to undo the top button. I fumbled with the others until one by one they opened to reveal a black bra and a flat tummy.

While I was placing the shirt on its hanger Huley opened the hand bag and withdrew a pair of black scuffs which she stepped into and a short black nightgown which she threw over her shoulder. 

I dropped to my knees to unbuckle her belt, looking into her eyes as I pulled the zipper down. She smiled as I lowered the pants, revealing a skimpy pair of black panties and perfect legs, long, brown and slim. But only for a second. With a short muss of my hair she was off to the bathroom, leaving me sprawled on the floor after a failed attempt to block her retreat. 

Not having the foresight to bring slippers, I stood barefoot, in the darkened room, wearing only my boxers, waiting for her to reappear. She closed the bathroom door, posing with only the glow from an outside lamp finding its way through a crack between the curtains silhouetting her profile.

She was so damned cute. The black fabric clinging to the curves of her brown body, moving with her as she came towards me and stopped near enough to grasp her scent, to clasp her warmth, to witness her extraordinary being, close enough to touch, yet, out of reach. 

"You're so damned cute."

"I wore it this way for you."

"Did mama see you go out the door?"

"Mama says you can touch it. Would you like to take the combs out?" Her voice rising and falling in the same way her breasts were pushing the lace bodice up and down in a halting way.

I reached for my breath, scooping it from a reserve well deep within. 

At arms length, I touched her cheek with my open hand, letting it linger there, feeling her head turn and her lips graze my wrist.

I swallowed and looked into her eyes to see that we were in perfect agreement. The contract had been written; removing the combs would consummate the signing. 

Huley remained still as I removed the five small black combs, releasing clumps of hair as I pulled them out one by one and dropped them on the desk, each one sounding like a crack of thunder bouncing from cloud to cloud. 

When all five combs had come to a stop on the desktop I ran my fingers through the fallen hair, making Huley whimper in delight and making me almost certain that she had not exaggerated her sensitivity to my attention. 

Withdrawing my hands I watched her zealously shake her head in an effort to make the ends unfurl and drop beyond her shoulders around her thin neck. 

I leaned to kiss her right shoulder to which she leapt forward to squash our bodies together. My arms encapsulated her rag doll frame, limply meshing with mine, feeling the thin garment move up as I carried her to the bed where we fell laughing, kissing, arranging our bodies under the covers.

We rolled and tussled in the dark room, becoming still, straining to look in one another's eyes, lying still, her weight upon me. 

I smoothed the short night gown to cover her ass and felt the soft underside of her foot gently alter the direction of the hairs on the back of my leg. I let her explore. Boldly, she slowly ran her small hand over my bare chest, moving the hair upward, and then raking her fingernails down to my belly.

My fingers spread to form a makeshift comb; I ran it from the back of her neck, downward through the underside of her mane, slowly and deliberately disentangling rolled up clumps lingering from the bun. She had worn her hair in the bun for me to dismantle. She obviously adored the attention. 

"Pull it, do that...you know what it... its okay... I want you to... don't pay attention to mama... yes... there... pull it," she begged, rolling her head to give my comb-shaped hand every advantage. 

"Do you have a brush? I would like to brush it," I said.

"No, I didn't bring one. Why didn't you tell me? We can do that in my room. We can have a science lesson. I'll tutor you and you can brush my hair." 

"Yes, we can do that," I said, rolling Huley onto her back, kissing her on the neck, the shoulder, moving my lips to the very top of her breasts that was showing above the thin material. 

Huley shifted her position, trying to give me better access to her tits. 

"Do you want to take it off?" she whispered.

"Not yet," I answered, already moving lower to between her legs, "you can do that when I go after the rubber." 

Angry at myself for leaving the condoms in my jacket I wanted to give her something to do while I dashed to the closet and fumbled with the package. Huley giggled, either from nervousness or at how I was choreographing our dance.

I was on my knees between her legs. Running my hands from her ankles, up the outside of her legs until I felt the nightgown I moved it up to confirm my suspicions. She was not wearing any panties. 

Starting over at her ankles, I ran my hands up the inside of her legs, half way up her inner thighs to which she made a number of short sucking sounds and spread her legs wider.

Her leg jerked when I kissed the inside thigh, half way between her knee and the v. 

"Sorry," she murmured tapping me on top of my head and moving her leg back to my lips. Arousal spilled into the air, smelling urgent.

Blindly moving my head closer to the source of the aroma, closer, closer, until my lips stumbled onto the early warning system, those thin blond antenna that announce to her pussy; "they're coming, his lips are near."

Her pelvis jumped forward, splashing my face with her wetness. The end of the nightgown came over my head, being held in place by her hands, accompanied by shrieks. Her enthusiasm altered my plans to bestow any more pleasure. There was nothing I could have done to heighten her emotional state. 

Prying her hands from my head I moved my wet lips up to her ear and whispered, "Would you like to fuck now?" 

Huley giggled and stroked my back with her hands. "I'm sorry; you don't know what that does to me."

"Your hair? Does it tickle?"

"That's not the half of it."

I got out of bed. She grabbed me by the arm.

"Randy?"

"Yes?" I asked, wondering what now?

"Are you going to get the condom?"

"Yes."

"Should I take off the nightgown while you go?" 

"Yes."

She still clutched my arm. I wondered if she was backing out or stalling.

"Randy?"

"Yes?"

"Take off your shorts."

"Okay."

She released me to make my way to the closet, slip my shorts down, find my jacket in the dark, find the two condoms, unwrap one and walk back to the bed, head down while rolling the condom onto my cock.

The nightgown hit me in the face. Huley giggled.

"You're a funny girl," I said between kisses, back between her legs.

"No, I'm not, I'm very serious," she laughed. She had found my cock and was moving it up and down her slit. 

"Randy?"

"Yes," I answered, feeling her place the tip of my cock where she wanted it.

"Be gentle, okay?"

"Okay, you be gentle with me."
 "Push, push just a little."

"How's that?"

"Push some more, more...that's it...more."

"How's that?" She didn't need to answer. I knew how it was. I was already drawing back and pushing forward, gently.

My wish from that first day in the parking school lot had been answered. Those long brown legs were wrapped around my waist and the girl with the blond hair and the Corvette was beneath me, thrashing wildly, asking in incoherent grunts for me to fuck her. I had Ollie's daughter where I wanted her and we were loving it.

Her eyes were closed. Her mouth was open, then closed. Little drops of moisture were forming on her upper lip. She was working as hard as me, meeting my thrusts, making her small tits giggle.

She opened her eyes and when she saw that I was watching her, she smiled. I leaned down to kiss her and her arms came around my neck to hold me there. 

"Pull... My,,,,, hair," she whispered breathlessly, still holding my face close to hers.

I eased my elbows up so my hands could reach the top of her head and got a hand full of her thin blond hair.

"Ouch," she screamed, making me let go.

"More," she ordered. 

"Ahaah, I'm...I'm..." 

Her arms released my head and fell limp to the mattress. Her legs lessened their grip around my waist and she was no longer pushing upward. I stopped to and let my weight drop on Ollie's daughter.

She was gasping for air. I raised my chest so she could breath, regretting the absence of the feeling her tits had briefly given my chest. 

She smiled and placed her hand on my cheek. "You didn't come?" she asked as if she was unaware that my stiff cock was still lodged within her, pulsating like a steam engine stalled at the end of the track.

I made a move to pull out.

"Wait!" She shouted. "Wait just a minute. There must be something we can do about this. Wait, please." Her eyes searched mine.

I said okay and bided my time by taking her nipples between my lips and flicking them with my tongue.

"You like?" Huley said, her mouth open, showing her perfect teeth.

"I like." 

She was beginning to stir. She moved her legs out and brought them back until they were between mine, making my cock tingle. Seeing that I liked it she did it again, making me pick up my legs for hers to move under mine and spread wide, making me bore deeper within her.

"You like?"

"I like."

She folded her legs back and raised her pelvis, inviting me to fuck her some more. Slowly, I made every thrust count, changing the angle, listening to her requests. Huley was quite vocal but when I was ready to come she was still giving me directions as if she could go on and on. I couldn't hold on any longer.

I found a strand of her hair and tugged. "Oh, my fucker, fuck me!" She screamed. I tugged on the hair again and felt Huley shudder. I rammed into her twice more and watched her mouth, "Oh, you fucker," as her head rolled from side to side.

I discarded the used condom and cleaned us both up a bit, washing Huley's forehead and cheeks with a warm washcloth. 

"Come back to bed," she coaxed. 

Her body was warm and clammy and so was mine. We rested and giggled together about nonsensical things. 

"Did you mind what I called you?"

"What was that?"

"You know."

"No I don't know."

"I called you my fucker," she finally admitted, running her thumbnail across my chest.

"I didn't mind. I like to hear you talk that way sometimes."

"Randy?"

"Yes?"

"What can I call you? Other than Randy, is there something that would you like to be called? "

"I don't know, let me think of something," I answered, stalling, not wanting to hear her using any of the endearing names Laura called me.

"Until you think of something I'll call you my fucker," she said without any hint of humor in her voice.

"What made you change your mind about leaving the game early?"

Huley jumped away from me, searching my face for any telltale expression. "This is what couples do."

It was nearly 10 PM. The game would end about 11 which meant Huley would be expected to be home by 11:30 unless we thought of an excuse for her being out later.

She settled back into my arms.

"Are we a couple?" I asked, sending her away from me again.

"I hope so. What do you take me for? I don't put combs in my hair and let just anyone take them out."

"I guess that makes us a couple then, now that we've done the hair thing," I said, pulling her to me.

"Do you really think I'm cute?"

"That's what I said. You are damn cute."

"What's cute about me?"

"You have cute tits," I said, pinching each nipple.

"How did you know they were cute? You hadn't seen them yet when you said I was damn cute."

"You have cute hair," I said, running my hand over her cunt, grazing the thin hair.

Huley jumped. "My FUCKER don't do that unless you mean it," she squealed.

"I mean it," I said, not really understanding what she meant.

"Wait right here, I'll get it," she said, pushing me back on my pillow and dashing across the room to the closet.

"This is the only one," she said as she jumped back into bed and falling on me. 

She handed me the condom and reached for my cock which was not fully hard but well on its way after the near contact with her pussy. I removed the rubber from its package.

"Do that some more," Huley said, moving my hand to her cunt. 

"You have cute tits," I said, making the nipples bulge out with little flicks from my tongue. "And a cute pussy," sending shudders through her with my thumb ruffling the soft thin hair. 

"Can I put it on?" she asked, taking the rubber out of my hand.

"Can you?"

"I meant may I. You'll have to stop that so I can concentrate. Let's see if I can do it."

She pushed me back and reached for my cock. After several excruciating minutes she rolled the rubber down my shaft and gave it a final tug.

"Now, you can get me wet. Play with my hair, my fucker." 

She straddled my legs as I stuck my middle finger between her lips and rolled my thumb around her clit. She was wet in seconds, begging me to stop. "No, do it some more. No stop. No stop. Stop stopping. Do it some more. Stop. Please stop."

"You're making me harder," I laughed as I watched her find just the right angle and slowly take me inside her. 

"Tell me we are a couple, my fucker," she said in a hoarse hushed tone like a crazed woman as she picked up speed and came slamming down upon me. 

"Say couple, my fucker. Say couple," her cunt jerking all sense from my cock, making me unable to answer.

I groaned my approval and stuck my hands under her ass cheeks to help her lift. But she didn't need help lifting. I squeezed her butt.

"Say couple my fucker, say it!" Her breathing was becoming ragged but her bounce was in stride. 

"Couple," I managed to mumble, knowing I could come any time, hoping it would be soon. 

"Can you say couple?" Her voice was faint but determined, still bouncing but slowing. 

"Couple," I said, placing my hand where it would graze her clit on each downward bounce.

"Aaaah, can you...?"

"YES," I shouted, discharging the goop that had been making my balls cry for release and feeling Huley's tits on my chest and her cheek next to mine. 

I felt her heart beat fast, her pulse matching mine, winding down from the exercise and our excited state. 

"Are you my fucker?"

"Yes, I am," I said patting both cheeks of her ass as she rearranged her position to lie flat against me. We were still attached but my cock was about ready to spring free of its confinement.

"Randy?"

"Yes?"

"Is there anything you don't like about me? Is there something I need to change?"

"Tess, Tess, Tess," I said, patting her on the butt again making smacking sounds.

"What's that?"

"What's what?"

"What you said? Tess, Tess, Tess."

"Oh, that's my way of saying, 'don't be silly,' there is nothing you need to change," I answered, slapping her butt with more force.

"Ouch," she laughed.

"Tess," I repeated, slapping her again. "That's what I'm going to call you, Tess."

"You'll be my fucker and I'll be your Tess," she said as my cock bounced free.

I combed her hair and together we rolled it into a bun with the five combs holding it to the back of her head. The school parking lot was almost empty when we stopped there to get Huley's car.

I got a rundown on the game from some guys having a beer in the parking lot and excused myself when we saw the Corvette drive by. I had told Huley that I would see that she got home okay.

She stopped a few blocks away from her house and I pulled up behind her. We got out of our cars for a goodnight kiss.

"We were on the short end of lop sided score, 34 to 17. One of our guys got hurt in the first half. He's a second stringer so you won't be expected to know his name. An ambulance took him to the hospital."

"Why are you telling me this? You're wasting time, we could be kissing," Huley complained.

"So you'll know in case your dad asks about the game," I said, wondering how she could miss my intentions. 

"Oh, that's sweet of you."

"You don't know much about football, do you?"

"I guess not."

"That's good you won't be expected to say much about the game."

"Randy, my sweet fucker?"

"Yes?"

"Was I okay? Did you like it?"

"You've got to be kidding. It was great," I said making our last kiss of the night special.

During the thirty-minute ride home I wrestled with my conscience. I had achieved my goal; I had fucked Ollie's daughter. Why wasn't I proud of myself? Why hadn't I asked Huley if she liked what we had done? Was it all about me? I told myself that it was because I knew the answer. Still, it would have been the polite thing to do. She will catch you on it, I chided myself. 

Why was being a couple so important to her? There were lots of better looking guys around the school. Some had money. Why was she so hung up on latching on to me? Why was she always doing the, "You know what that does to me," thing? Why was I letting her get by with slotting us as a couple? 

I'll ask her what she wants to hear, I thought. I'll say, "Tess, I'm happy to be your fucker. I'm glad we are a couple. Was I okay? Did you like it?" 

That's better, I thought. I'm scheming; I'm planning my next move. Why wasn't I proud of my accomplishment? Why didn't I like myself?

I slept in my own room that night. When I awoke on Saturday morning I felt Laura's arm around me. Easing out of bed I heard her say, "Aren't you going to thank me?"

I whorled around, seeing her watching me, I leaned over and kissed her on the forehead. "I owe you big," I said, kissing her again.

Jimmy and I left Davey in charge of the two part timers while we went to give estimates to prospective customers and to buy a new ladder. He was in a jovial mood, for Jimmy. I don't know what had gotten into him but I was on top of the world after my date with Huley in the motel room. We did five estimates in a short time and received two deposits for jobs that morning. A third homeowner was leaning toward giving us a contract until I told him we would be lucky to finish painting his house before Christmas.
