 On Monday there were eleven applicants for the two part time painting positions that I had advertised to fill. Huley sat next to me in the cafeteria as I spoke to the young men, one at a time. Some of them had experience, others did not. Some had their own transportation, others did not. Some looked strong enough to handle a heavy ladder, and some had to be eliminated from consideration for a variety of reasons. At the end of the lunch hour I had not made a selection. Neither Huley nor I had eaten lunch.

To anyone paying attention, we were a couple. That was probably the reason I had been unable to decide which of the young men to tell they had the job. With Huley brushing against me and touching me on the arms and looking into my eyes I couldn't concentrate on the task at hand.

I apologized for letting her sit there for an hour without eating as we walked toward our respective classrooms. I was starving but she did not seem to mind.

"You didn't call," she complained.

"I'm sorry, I didn't know when the best time would be," I said, touching her hair even though it was in place and looked perfect. We were already late for class.

"Don't do that. You know what it does to me," she said but didn't reach for my hand.

"I'll call tonight, what time is best?"

"Anytime before nine," she answered, taking my hand in hers and holding it.

"How long is this call likely to last?" I asked, thinking she wanted it to end before nine.

"Twenty-six minutes," she said, giving my arm a final touch as she dashed off to class. I watched her go, really noticing for the first time what she was wearing. The two small mounds in the front of the pink sweater had brushed against my arm a dozen times and short black skirt had been an extension to my pants for most of the hour we had spent together.

That afternoon I asked Jimmy if his wife could make a rug for Sylvia, saying that I wanted to do something for her because she was helping to take care of Laura and because the work on her addition was being held up. 

Jimmy put me to work putting a coat of primer on the window sills he had replaced. I was working at the back of the house; he and Davey were working on the front. We were scheduled to finish on Friday and go on to the next job on Saturday with the help of the two part timers I was going to hire.

I recognized the lady who came out the back door but not the giant male behind her. She was the short stocky madam that I had seen on my first visit to the brothel about two years before.

"Mr. Tucker, Tess wants you to bring these boxes to her," the lady said.

I got down from the ladder and took the box she handed me, saying I would be glad to bring them home. The tall man had another box and a case. He followed me to my car, remaining silent. I didn't say anything either until he spoke. As I slammed down the trunk lid he said, "How's Tess?" 

"She's doing well, I think. I'll find out tonight, she went for a checkup today," I answered, straining my neck to look up at his face. He was not old but the stooped shoulders and need of a haircut made him seem so. 

"Tell her Ralph was asking for her," he said, turning to look at how the fresh paint was being applied to the front of the house before returning to the back door.

Sylvia was there when I got home so I couldn't ask Laura who Ralph was or tell her he was asking about how she was doing. They had good news. Sylvia had taken Laura to see Doctor Torpid who had given a good report. 

"Where do you want this stuff?" I asked Laura.

"I don't know, the bedroom for now, I guess." Then to Sylvia, "It's records from one of my accounts. I'll work at the kitchen table until we get me a desk."

We decided to celebrate Laura's good report by having a glass of wine with our dinner. I thanked Sylvia for taking Laura for her checkup, adding that I would kiss her shoulder. When Sylvia made a motion toward her top button Laura spoke up, "show some restraint, you two."

It was nearly seven when we finished eating. As I sat down to study I picked up the book on the Fall of Rome that Huley had loaned me. "Do you have anything on this?" I asked Sylvia, showing her the book. She promised to bring me anything she could find in the small town library. At 8:30 I called Huley.

"I forgot to give you the notes, the ones on the guys you talked to about the job," Huley said as soon as she came to the phone.

"Oh yeah, I need them, I forgot their names already, you distracted me," I admitted.

"You distract me. I told mama what you said about getting our first kiss out of the way. She thought it was sweet that you kissed me on the shoulder first."

"Really, you told your mother about that? Didn't she think we were studying?"

"Hey, mama knows all. She knew what we were doing, she's cool with it."

"Cool," was all I could think of to say.

"I told her about that thing you do to my hair too. She says you've got to stop doing it in public."

"Your mother's saying for me to stop putting your hair in place, why?"

"Randy?"

"Yes?"

"Can you keep a secret?"

"Sure, what is it?"

"It makes me wet," Huley whispered.

"No. Is that what you told your mother? I don't believe it."

"That's why she says you've got to stop doing it."

"I don't believe you told your mother that."

"Ask her next time you see her. She's going to tell you to stop doing it to me."

"Huley?"

"Yes?"

"Can you keep a secret?"

"Sure, what is it?"

"When you were rubbing your leg against mine in the cafeteria today?"

"Yes?"

"It made me wet and my mother is going to tell you not to do it to me."

"Oh you, boys don't get wet. I'm going to tell mama what you said." she laughed.

"How about your dad? What did he say?"

I thought I knew the answer. I only asked for confirmation to my presumption. Huley went berserk, warning me to not even think of telling her father something of that nature. "Papa likes you, don't fuck it up by talking that way in front of him," she said, almost pleading. 

Before hanging up I agreed to take her to the football game our school was playing that Friday night.

In bed that night I told Laura about my telephone conversation with Huley, avoiding, of course, any mention of Ollie Pettersen.

"She gets wet when you play with her hair? That sounds promising," she commented. 

"She's probably exaggerating. I don't believe she said anything to her mother about it either. I think she talks that way to keep me stirred up. I told her she affected me the same way," I remarked. 

"Why do you think she's exaggerating? You affect me that way too. You keep me stirred up," Laura said, rising to kiss me on the shoulder, dragging her tits across my chest before settling back down. 

"All we did was kiss. I made sure we didn't get worked up because we were in their family room and her mother was in the house someplace. I didn't feel her up or use my tongue."

"You work me up by just kissing, no feeling and no tongue."

"Just wait till the three weeks have passed. I'm going to work you up real good."

"Oh yeah, Doctor Torpid said to remind you about that. No exercise for two more weeks," Laura's kidded me, adding, "I think she likes you because she could see that you're so protective of me."

"What's the stuff that lady sent to you and who's Ralph?"

"That's Mollie; you've heard me speak of her, haven't you?"

"Not really, we never talk about that stuff. I know she's the madam; I remembered her."

"Mollie's the dearest woman I've ever known. I met her in St. Louis over ten years ago. She's the one that encouraged me to save my money. We always stayed in touch. One time when I got into trouble in Tulsa she sent me money. I was in San Francisco when she sent for me. I was doing real well there but when she wrote that she had this house and needed me I got on the next bus. I've been here four years. That's longer that I ever stayed in one place before, partly because I wanted to be here when you came back but it's always been for Mollie too."

"I'm sure I would have remembered if you had told me something about Mollie before. How often would I hear about a madam being someone's best friend?"

"Best female friend. You're my best friend."

"Aw shucks sis, I know that," I ran my hands over her back and down to the waist band of her panties.

"Only two more weeks," she whispered.

"I'm counting the days. You didn't tell me who Ralph is?"

"I guess Ralph would be known as the bouncer in most houses or the towel boy. Ralph does a little bit of everything but the way Mollie has it set up we call him the knocker."

"Oh, he's the one that keeps track of the time," I said, remembering, "before the knock on the door."

"What's in those boxes Mollie sent you?"

"Those are the current records. I keep the books for her, Laura divulged. "She sent the portable typewriter too." 

I was taken back, never having thought about a brothel keeping records. Laura sensed my apprehension.

"We have to keep records for the stockholders. September was the end of the quarter. Mollie sent the typewriter for me to do the end of quarter reports."

"Do you know how to type?"

"Ha, I hunt and peck," she said.

"How did you learn bookkeeping? The same way, hunt and peck?"

"You might say it was hunt and peck. I took a correspondence course, and then Mr. Waite showed me how he wanted the reports set up."

"Mr. Waite? What's he got to do with it?"

Laura fell silent. She dragged her tits and the trinket across my chest again, kissing my right shoulder, then slowly rubbing her nipples against mine before settling the top of her head under my chin. "He's one of the four stockholders." 

I got up early on Tuesday morning to clear off the top of my desk. Laura came into the front room just as I placed the typewriter next to the two boxes of brothel records. She came to me still wearing only her panties.

"You're trying to make me insane aren't you?" I accused her.

"Yes, I want to make you crazed for me."

At lunchtime I made sure we went through the serving line before sitting down to go over the notes Huley had taken the day before. She had jotted down physical characteristics that made it easier for me to remember which ones were the best suited for the jobs. We narrowed the list to five.

"I thought we made a truce," I said.

"What truce?" Her lips were open enough for me to see two rows of even teeth, except the one saw shaped tooth at the corner of her mouth, the same corner that matched her sister's irregular tooth.

"I'm not to play with your hair and you're not to rub your leg against mine. But, you're doing it."

Huley gave me a startled look as if she was unaware that she was driving me crazy. 

"I'm sorry. It's just that I want us to be seen together. If people think we're a couple guys won't hit on me so much."

"Is that what motivates you to rub the back of my leg?" I asked, incredulous.

"Partly," she admitted.

"You want guys to think that we are a couple so they won't hit on you?"

"Partly," her eyes were fixed on mine, an amused look on her face.

"But we're not a couple?"

"We haven't been on a real date yet. How could we be a couple?"

"You have a point," I had to admit. "What's with the nightly phone calls?"

It was her turn to disbelieve. "That's what couples do!"

We were at the place where we parted to go to our respective classes. 

"Randy?"

I was ready to turn, not wanting to be late for class two days in a row. "Yes?"

"Is my hair out of place?"

I checked. Nothing was out of place. I shook my head.

"Are you sure?"

"I'm sure," I assured her.

"You can touch it if you want. I don't want you to think you can't."

"You can rub the back of my leg. I don't want you to think you can't," I mimicked her.

"Don't tell mama," she said, laughing as we parted.

That night, most of our twenty-six minute telephone conversation centered on how we could spend more time together.

"Can you deliver these envelopes for me tomorrow honey?" Laura asked when I finished the call with Huley. It was the first chance we had had to talk, Sylvia having just left.

"Sure," I said, placing the three envelopes in my schoolwork bag. "You know two of them but I have to tell you how to find the third."

I pulled the three envelopes back out and looked at the names typed on the outside of the envelope. Mollie I knew. Mr. Waite I knew. Chief Simmons I did not know. 

"I spoke to him and said you would be dropping off the envelope. Hand it to him personally, not to anyone else. No small talk, not even a how-do-you-do. If he's not there, bring the envelope back to me."

"Okay, I've got it," I assured her. 

"I'm sorry to put you in this position but there's no other way. Sending those envelopes through the mail is out of the question; they must be hand delivered." Laura said, with that same sisterly concern in her eyes that I saw so often.

"Who's the forth?" I asked. She wouldn't even look my way, declining to say.

By the time our telephone conversation ended that night Huley had me agree to us having three dates in a row. She had our weekend planned. We would drive to the Friday night football game and to a Saturday night party in separate cars. I was also invited to her house for a Petri's birthday party on Sunday. 

"We can leave the game early and make out in your car," Huley suggested.

"How early?"

"I don't know, half time maybe?"

"They have security guards check the parking lot," I told her, already disliking the plan. I had heard that the security guards loved to break up make out parties.

"Is that true? What do you suggest?"

I hesitated, wondering how she would react to the first thing that popped into my mind. "We could go to a hotel."

There was a long silence. I thought of several things to say but none of them seemed appropriate. She laughed, "I don't think so."

"Okay, it was just a thought. Where's the party?" I said, thinking I was changing the subject.

"Which hotel were you thinking of?" 

"Oh, the Marriott down town, I suppose."

"On no, that's no good, someone might recognize me."

"Let me give it some thought," I said, thinking how cool I was being to not press her. The next day I would suggest an out of the way motel and if she didn't accept that I would still have Friday to regroup.

"I wish life was not so complicated," Huley said as we ended the conversation.

Laura seemed nervous. I could tell she had something on her mind. I knew her well enough to know she would bring whatever it was up in due time.

"There are really only three stockowners," she admitted rather timidly after we had been in bed for several minutes. 

"Not four?" I asked. I wasn't curious anymore. Having found out that Mr. Waite was a silent partner had been astounding news. But I could see that she wanted to tell me.

"The chief's envelope is just a payoff. He doesn't own any stock. When a new chief takes over we'll try to make a deal with him. Chief Simmons will be out; he won't have stock to cash in. 

"Who's the third stockowner then?"

"Me." She spoke softly.

"What?" I didn't think I had heard her correctly. When she lifted herself up to look at me and said it again I almost jumped out of the bed.

"It's not like that. Harold and Mollie each owned 50 percent in the beginning. When I started doing the books they must have felt I knew too much. By giving me a small piece of the place it would keep me quiet in case there was an investigation. They gave me one percent the first year and two percent the second, third and forth years. I own seven percent of the business, on paper. I have four pieces of paper. Together they say I get seven percent of the profits but there are restrictions. It's not something I could sell. I couldn't even give it away. That's the reason it's not in the safety deposit box. I couldn't give it to you or anyone else. Do you understand?"

My mind was racing. A dozen questions came to me but none worth asking. She had answered the most important one. She had given up the last vestige of her being. There was nothing more personal she could tell me. I raised my head to kiss her on the forehead. 

"Yes, I understand. You've told me everything. You don't have to tell me anything else," I said.

"You've told me everything too, haven't you?"

When I didn't answer Laura lifted her head. "Haven't you?"

My heart was racing. I swallowed. She was still looking at me. 

"No, I haven't. But I will, please believe me, I will."

Laura kissed my right nipple. "I believe you," she said before placing her head on my chest.

I wondered what she was thinking. What it was that I was keeping secret from her? I couldn't tell her of my plans for revenge. I couldn't tell her that I loved her. "I will," I repeated to Laura and to myself.

"I want to have Nadine and Charles here on Saturday night or Sunday for a late lunch. Which is best for you?" Laura asked with renewed energy. 

"Shit," I said, "why didn't you say something sooner?"

"Why, don't tell me you have something planned with that girl?" Laura's voice reeked with disappointment.

"I'll talk to her tomorrow. She'll understand," I said with real doubt in my mind. 

"I'll call you at lunch time to say which is best," I said to Laura as I was leaving for class.

"Okay, make sure those envelopes get in the right hands," she said, sounding a little down.

Huley was not pleased with the change of plans at all but at least she didn't make a scene. She was society conscious, understanding the importance of putting one's best foot forward in public. 

We spoke to the five candidates for the part time painting jobs. I offered the job to two of the five, telling the other three that I would use them if things worked out. One of the unsuccessful candidates looked at Huley and asked, "What's she doing here?"

His attitude pissed me off. He still had a chance to make good money if one of the guys I had chosen didn't work out or if things went well and we needed more than the two that had been picked. He watched me cross his name off of the list.

Huley had seen me do it but I guess she thought he needed further explanation. "I'm his girlfriend," she disclosed as if that explained all he needed to know.

But her display was only for public consumption. By the time we separated to attend our respective classes she was saying that we would stay for the entire football game and if it was more important for me to stay home with my sister Saturday night she would go alone to the party. If I wanted to come to her house on Sunday I would be welcome. "Make sure you bring a nice gift for Petri," she told me as we parted. 

I called Laura to say we were on for Saturday night. She thanked me for calling but not with the enthusiasm that I had expected. I wished I could tell her the real reason I was pursuing the young vixen.

After school I rushed off to deliver the envelopes Laura had entrusted me with. Mr. Waite was his usual reserved self, politely accepting the envelope without making a comment. Chief Simmons took me into his office and asked me my name in a cautious manner that bordered nervousness. After taking the envelope and carefully running his finger along the edges he placed it in his desk drawer and looked at me, sternly. "If you get pulled over by any of my officers in this town you don't know me and I don't know you. Don't expect any favors."

"Yes sir," I said, understanding that what he had told me were statements, not questions.

Mollie answered the front door at the brothel with the same sour expression that I had seen the night I knocked on the door the first time I was there, two years before. "How's Tess?" She asked as she took the envelope. The door closed in my face as I assured her that Tess was fine. 

That night when I called Huley I planned to specifically ask her for suggestions as to what Petri would like for her birthday. But Huley would not come to the phone. 
