 Jimmy was already working on the front of the house when we left to take Laura back to the brothel. We both waved at him and tried to smile but neither of us was in the mood to stop and discuss the weather. We drove in silence, having discussed our schedules. She knew I would begin classes the following Tuesday and I knew she was headed for Reno although, unlike my subjects which she had memorized, I did not know what she would be doing hour to hour. I did not want to know.

She gave me a peck on the cheek and hopped out of the car as soon as I made the stop at the corner where we always parted. Watching her scurry down the street I could not help thinking, we’ve got to get her some new clothes that fit. 

Parting was becoming more difficult each time I dropped Laura off. I took solace in the fact that she had extended our time together to four days and the next time would be longer. She was to have the surgery on Friday, the 26th. We had agreed that she would take off two days before the appointment in order to get some rest and, although it was not mentioned, to make the transition from Tess to Laura.

We had never spoken of her quitting the business entirely. I had thought of it, dreamed of it but had never considered bringing it up. It was a boundary too personal to cross. We never spoke about what went on inside the big house or what took place on her “dates.” I never asked, “is Polly still there?” or “when did Kelley join you?” The subject was taboo. Besides, those things didn’t matter. 

Painting was going much faster than the prep work had gone. I joined Jimmy, working on a short ladder while he worked from the roof line down. By lunchtime we had one coat of paint on the front of the house and were working on the driveway side when Sylvia drove by and pulled into her driveway. 

She must have seen that we were climbing down from our ladders. As she approached I noticed that her hair hung loosely, covering her ears. Silently, I applauded her effort to be less plain.

“Come in and have some lunch with us,” I offered Sylvia, “We’re just having sandwiches but we bought two more chairs so you won’t have to sit on my lap.”

“Okay R., I’ll take you up on that. I wanted to discuss the paint colors anyway.”

Jimmy was amused at our banter but the reference to sitting on my lap went over his head of course.

“Just what is it you do?” I asked Sylvia as she took over the kitchen duties.

She turned, her brow wrinkled, “I’m the librarian, come down and visit us sometime. Maybe you’ll learn something, college boy.”

I began sleeping in the second bedroom, thinking that if Lacy came into the house I wanted to give her the correct impression. Also, Sylvia was making it a habit of popping in whenever the mood stuck her although she knew Laura’s and my sleeping arrangements.

We finished putting the second coat of paint on our house on Wednesday morning and had time to hang the shutters. 

I settled up with Jimmy, writing him a check. He looked at the check and then at me. “I didn’t expect this much,” he said, a wistful look on his face. “You worked right along with me. I owe you for your time.”

“Forget it buddy, you taught me a lot about painting. Tell you what, you can pay me for helping you out from now on when I can spare the time, okay?”

We moved the ladders to Sylvia’s house and Jimmy put me to work with a wire brush. At quitting time I reminded him about the sign. Sylvia had said he could post a sign advertising his work on her front lawn.

“Tell you what Randy, my wife is not so good on the phone. If I put my number on the sign she wouldn’t....you know what I mean? She would just fuck things up, know what I mean?”

“I’ll tell you what, let’s get you an answering machine. You can call them back when you get home at night. How does that sound?”

Jimmy looked down at his paint covered shoes and kicked the grass where we were standing. When he looked up he had that same wistful look on his face, “I don’t talk on the phone so good either,” he admitted.

“Well I can’t do it Jimmy, I would like to but I’ll be in school most of the time and anyway, I can’t have the telephone ringing while I’m trying to study.”

“You could get the answer machine,” he said excitedly. “You can call them back whenever you want, you can talk to the people Randy.” He was almost pleading.

“I’ll have to talk to Laura about it,” I said, buying some time to think it over. 

“I’ll get the sign ready,” Jimmy said shaking my hand and smiling. It was only the second time I had seen him smile.

That night I called Lacy to set up a date for Friday night. “Have you talked to Laura, how is she?” she wanted to know.

“Oh yes, nearly every day,” I said, thinking that the answering machine would be perfect for taking Laura’s calls. Just to hear her say she was okay or to tell me when she would call again so I could be there to talk to her.

“Is it okay with her? Us going out?”

“Sure, she suggested it, remember?”

“Then why didn’t you call before? It’s Wednesday and I haven’t heard from you,” she whined.

My god, I thought, a possessive woman, why didn’t I see this coming?

“I’m sorry, it’s just that I’ve been helping the painter, I’m not used to manual labor. I conk out early every night.”

“Are you going to conk out Friday night?”

“No, I’ll tell Jimmy to take it easy on me that day, I’ll be wide awake as long as you don’t keep me out too long. I have to work on Saturday.”

Laura was receptive to the telephone answering machine, especially when I mentioned the bonus of my being able to hear that she was okay even if I was not there to talk to her.

“We need to get a washing machine too, I’m tired of going to the laundromat,” I said.

“Okay, you buy it. I don’t need to pick it out. I don’t do laundry.”

“And we need to get you some clothes that fit,” I added.

“Okay, you take care of that too,” she kidded me, sounding tired.

I told her of my upcoming date with Lacy on Friday night and could tell by her voice that the news was met with approval.

“Do you trust Jimmy?”

“Sure, do you mean trust him to do the work if I line it up? Or trust him to paint the inside of our house when we aren’t here?” We had postponed doing the inside of our house until later. Laura was undecided as to how she wanted it to look.

“Yes, that’s what I mean but it’s more than that. This old house could use a coat of paint. I was wondering if we could trust him to, you know, be discrete.” 

I didn’t like the idea of taking the chance that Jimmy find out about Laura working in the brothel. She must have anticipated my concern.

“I won’t be here, we’ll have him do it while I’m at home recuperating,” she said.

On Friday I told Jimmy I had to have the afternoon off, saying, “you’re working me too hard,” to which he looked wounded.

“Just kidding, I’ve got a date tonight and I want to be fresh if you know what I mean. I’m going to buy the answering machine. You can put our phone number on the sign.”

Jimmy brightened and I told him I would be ready for a full day’s work on Saturday.

“What do you want to do?” I asked Lacy when I picked her up. She was ready to go when I got there for which I was grateful. I didn’t have to listen to Jack go on about how busy he was although he did manage to tell me he had two guys working for him. 

“Don’t you have anything planned?” 

“We could drive into town and see what’s going on. Go to a bar or just walk around and window shop.” I was remembering how Laura and I used to spend an evening, walking around after the stores closed and check out the display windows.

“I’m not old enough to go to a bar, but if you want to go to Phoenix that’s fine,” Lacy said. At least she wasn’t whining that I had nothing planned. I really didn’t know her well enough to know what she liked to do. Walking and talking was my plan to find out something about her.

“You look nice,” I said, seeing that she had dressed to be seen, probably thinking we would be going to a movie theater again. The pleated dress she had on was sleeveless. She beamed, smiling at me as we pulled away from the curb, heading for the city. 

“Hope you don’t get chilled in the night air,” I said as we peered into a store window. Mannequins dressed in black evening gowns showed off the fall fashions.

“Can I count on you to keep me warm?” Lacy stood next to me, near enough for me to feel her bare arm, sending a little trickle of warmth through me.

I took her hand and led her to the next store window where all sorts of leather items were on display. Looking down at her shoes, no wonder she seemed tall next to me; she was wearing high heels. Laura never wore high heels when we walked around the city. Laura was shorter than Lacy anyway. Laura was smaller. Laura would be next to me, so close we could not be pried apart. Laura would.....Damnit, this isn’t Laura, this is not an R & R. 

“What’s wrong?” Lacy was looking at me strangely.

“I was just thinking, this was a mistake, you really aren’t dressed for walking around like this,” I answered, rubbing her arms to get the blood circulating.

Lacy laughed, probably relieved that I had returned from my reverie. “I was thinking too, I’m not old enough to go to a bar but do you still have some of that Chianti?”

“Did you like that stuff? It’s kind of strong for me. But I’ll tell you what.” 

“What?” Lacy asked in an expectant tone, giving me her full attention. 

I held both of her hands in mine and looked into her eyes. In the high heals she only had to tilt her head slightly to share my gaze. Time was standing still. All I could think of to say was, “I’ll tell you what.”

“What?” She took a half step forward. I leaned toward her.

“I’ll tell you what,” I repeated myself for the second time, enjoying the closeness of her young body, the closeness of our lips, enjoying the tension and enjoying her smell and the way she waited for me to make the next move.

“What?” The word was patiently drawn out, anticipating, her hands in mine.

“We’ll go to the car...” 

“Yes?” Her voice was soft. 

“We’ll kiss...”

“Yes.” Lacy said breathlessly.

“I’ll get you warmed up a bit.”

“Yes.” 

“I’ll kiss you again.”

I was vaguely aware that people were walking by, some stopping to look at the leather goods in the store window. I was very much aware of my proximity to Lacy, her eyes fixed to mine, her lips two inches from mine, her hands in mine, patiently waiting. 

“Yes.” I saw her lips move.

“We’ll stop and buy some white wine.”

“Yes.”

“We’ll go back to my place and drink it out of water glasses.”

“Yes.”

“It will go down smoothly.”

“Smoothly?”

“Yes, smoothly.”

“Go back to the kissing part.”

“Kiss her buddy, for God’s sake, kiss her!” The voice came from nearby but I didn’t look to see who had said it.

“Shall we leave these people?”

“Yes.”

“You don’t have a television?” Lacy asked, glass in hand. She walked from room to room, admired my desk and new chair in the living room. I turned on my new desk lamp so she could see how smooth and shiny the top had turned out. She peeked into Laura’s room and took notice that the mattress had been stripped of the bed sheets. She stuck her head in the bathroom and then went into the second bedroom, which had become my sleeping quarters when Laura was not there. 

“Is it okay? The wine I mean?” I had dashed into the liquor store just as it was closing and paid very little attention to selecting the two bottles of white wine. 

She turned, draining the glass and looked for a place to set it down. I stepped forward, took it from her. She was standing next to my bed as I walked across the room to set the glasses down. Everything seemed to happen in slow motion. It took forever for me to walk back to her. She stood next to the bed, waiting. 

The light from my desk lamp was just enough to see the glow in Lacy’s eyes. She watched me approach and take her hands in mine. Facing me, she took a half step forward to stand near enough for me to smell her hair. 

“First I’m going to kiss you.”

“Yes,” she said, parting her lips slightly.

“And pull you close to me.”

“Yes.” Her tongue traced her upper lip and she swallowed.

“And find the buttons on the back of your dress.”

“Yes,” she said softly, her eyes wide. 

“And lift it over your head and hang it up because I don’t want it to wrinkle.”

“Yes.” There was a small ripple in her lower lip.

“And take off your shoes because I don’t want you to have them on in bed.”

“Yes,” she cooed, her left cheek twitching in a near smile.

“And find the little snap and remove your bra.”

“Yes.” She stood so close I could hear her breath. Her eyes held me there.

“And take your nipples between my lips and pull them out and let them snap back, one by one, over and over and over.

“Yes.” Her eyes closed for the first time and I felt her hands squeeze mine.

“And put you in bed and remove your panties.”

“Yes.” Little puffing sounds were coming from her nose. She opened her eyes, impatient, “yes?”

“And make love to your pussy with my tongue and my lips.”

“Yes.” Her eyes closed again and her hands gripped mine.

“And make love to your pussy with my cock.”

Her eyes popped open. “I have one question.”

“Yes?”

“Protection?”

“Yes, under the pillow.”

“I have another question.”

“Yes?”

“When is all of this going to begin?”

With her hands in mine I pulled her to me for the first of many kisses.

~*~

“Did you screw her?” It was five minutes to seven. Laura knew that Jimmy arrived at seven and I would be out the door as soon as he drove in. I drained the glass of orange juice I had poured while waiting for the coffee to make. Still in my shorts and barefooted I was in no mood to discuss what had taken place the night before.

“How crass,” I scolded her.

“You did, didn’t you? I can tell from your cat-that-ate-the-canary voice that you screwed her. Tell me, tell me everything.”

“How crass,” I repeated myself.

“Tell me.”

“Jimmy will be here any minute, he’ll be knocking on the door if I’m not out there.”

“Tell me,” Laura’s voice was gruff, yet pleading. The subject was making her so chipper that I could not refuse. I started with the trip to the city and the window shopping. When I got to the scene in front of the leather goods window I heard Laura say, “Yummy!”

“We drew a crowd, some guy said ‘kiss her, for God’s sake, kiss her!’”

“Tell me.”

I spent the next fifteen minutes giving Laura the details of my night with Lacy.

She interrupted me, asking for better descriptions of how Lacy reacted and when I admitted that it had taken minutes to remove the red silk briefs, the gift from Laura nearly two years before, she howled.

“No, is that what you were wearing? I remember we had problems with those once,” Laura’s voice wavered with glee. It was 7:10 A.M. Jimmy had not knocked on the door. I was describing a sexual experience from the night before to a professional prostitute who was hanging on every word. I poured myself a cup of coffee.

“Didn’t you do that thing I showed you? You know, draw her pussy lips out and let them snap back, that thing that we practiced. You loved it and it drove me crazy, didn’t you do that for her?”

“No, we didn’t do much of that, Lacy said maybe we could get to it next time. I think she was anxious to fuck.”

“Is that what she said?”

“No, not exactly. When I took her home at about 3:00 A.M. this morning she told me she had started getting wet when we looked in the leather store window. There was something about a mannequin in the store window that got her worked up. It was a male dressed in a leather jacket with leather pants and he had a sissy brief case tucked under his arm. I don’t know what it was but she said that when she saw all that leather on one mannequin that is when she knew we were going to fuck last night.”

“Was she good? It sounds like she was good? Did you like it?”

“Of course I liked it. She liked it too. Guess what she said?”

“Tell me.”

“When I drew her nipple out and let them plop back she said, ‘goody,’ and when I licked her inner thighs she said, ‘goody,’ and when I touched her clit she said, ‘goody, goody,’ and when I filled her pussy she said, ‘goody, goody, goody.’ By that time I was saying, ‘goody,’ along with her.”

“That’s sweet. When is your next date?”

“Hold on, you challenged me to seduce her. I did that. You didn’t say anything about dating her afterward,” I said, mocking a whin. 

“That’s right, you did prove something to me and that’s all I asked you to do. But you said something about next time so I thought you were going back for more?”

“Are you kidding? Of course I’m going back for more.”

“When?”

“Tonight, she’s stopping by here after work. That way I won’t have to see her brother-in-law.”

“That’s great Randy. I’m glad you’ve met someone. Where are you taking her?”

“Are you kidding? We’re heading straight for the store that sells leather,” I answered smugly.

~*~

Walking around the outside of the brothel with Jimmy seemed strange. It had been Laura’s idea for us to go on Monday because it was Labor Day and she said there would not be anyone coming or going because most of their customers spent holidays with their families. I had told Jimmy that a call had come in from the owner of the house, wanting an estimate. 

Actually, I had not received a single call requesting a quote for painting since the answering machine had been installed. But it was handy, both Laura and Lacy left long complicated messages for me to play back over and over. Lacy called sometimes when she didn’t have anything to say because I told her I liked hearing her voice. 

Jimmy stepped off the measurements and I followed with a clipboard and pencil to record the figures as he called them out. He gave descriptions of what needed to be done on each side of the old house. He pointed out window trim that needed to be replaced on the back side.

“We don’t have to do the inside, do we?” He asked before we left.

“Not now, maybe later,” I answered.

“Good, I’ve never been inside a whore house. I would just as soon keep it that way,” he laughed.

“We’ll need a carpenter to replace the trim, do you know one,” I asked Jimmy as we drove away. 

“I can do that,” he assured me.

He thought my number was too high, reminding me that he needed the work and wanted to get the job.

“How do you know it’s a whorehouse?” I asked when we were safely on our way.

Jimmy took both hands off of the steering wheel and let the van glide across the center line before grabbing the wheel to get us back in our lane. “Do you think the wheels need to be aligned on this old bus?” 

Seeing that he was not going to answer my question I changed the subject. “You’re going to need some help with that big house. Do you know someone we can hire?”

“Everyone I know would peek in the windows,” he grinned at me.

~*~

“Let’s make it big enough to sit out there,” Laura said when I suggested we have Jimmy build a laundry room on the back of the house. He had some free time because Laura didn’t want him to start the brothel paint job until the end of the month. No other work had presented itself. “Can we have windows that open? And a closet? Everyone comes in that way. We’ll have a ceiling fan installed and we’ll need to get some furniture.”

I cautioned her about how much money we were spending but she wouldn’t listen 

to my concerns.

She was, however, concerned about Jimmy having a helper to paint the brothel. She had a knack for seeing danger. I was instructed to see Mr. Waite, to explain that we were helping Jimmy to get work and that it was all new to us.

“How’s your sex life honey? How many times did you screw her Saturday night?”

“You’re so crass,” I whispered, embarrassed. I was sketching the room we had talked about, thinking I would give it to Jimmy the next morning before heading for class.
