 Six months have passed since I lost the bet that resulted in us watching each other masturbate. We've played pool every Friday since then but very rarely has it been just the two of us. Now we're both single again. Your girlfriend has been transferred to a new job position in another country and my boyfriend made me choose between him and my friendship with you. That was really a no-brainer. Tonight it's just the two of us.

"Shall we wager on tonight's game?" I ask.

"Sure," you answer, getting bottles of water out of the bar fridge. "Your turn to make the bet." 

"Thanks," I say, accepting the bottle of water you hand me. "Best three out of five tonight."

"Ok," you say, wondering what I'm up to.

"Remember the night we discussed fantasies?" I ask. You nod. "Well, if you win I will pose for you however you want me to." The night we'd talked about fantasies, I'd told you that I'd love to watch you masturbate and I'd love to have you watch me masturbate. You revealed that your fantasy was to take nude photos of me in various poses. Even though we'd both consumed some alcohol that night, both of us were sober enough to know what we were saying.

"And what do you get if you win?" you ask. I can tell you're both aroused and intrigued by the wager so far. I look away briefly as I feel myself blush. "Jen?"

I take a deep breath as I look at you. Never taking my eyes off yours, I answer, "If I win, I get one night with you." I wait to see what impact my words have on you. 

"Do you mean what I think you mean?" you ask. I nod. "Jen, I need to hear the words, to make sure that we're on the same page."

"If I win three out of the five games we play, I get one night of hot sex with you," I say, somehow managing to maintain eye contact with you, even as I feel my face burning with embarrassment.

"Deal," you finally say and I let out the breath I didn't realise I was holding. "You break first." I take a drink of my water and our tournament begins. It doesn't take me long to win the first game. 

"Your turn to break," I say after I rack the balls up. As you lean forward to take the shot, I take the time to study you. Tonight you're wearing a navy blue t-shirt and jeans. You've always been good looking to me with your sandy brown hair and brown eyes. Your arms are muscular from all the construction work you do. You play baseball on a co-ed team with me during the summer so I know your legs are well defined too. You sink a couple of shots and then miss so it's my turn. I feel your eyes on me as I prepare to take my first shot of this game. I am still wearing the clothes I wore to work today. I am a teacher and today was dress-down Friday so I'm wearing a pair of black jeans that I know hug my hips and ass and a white sleeveless blouse that accentuates my full breasts and shows off my well-toned arms. I removed my blazer when we began to play. My dark blonde hair is long and tied back in a ponytail. I make all but my last shot, so it's your turn again. You win the next two games. I take the fourth game.

"It all comes down to this game, Jen," you say with a big smile on your face. 

"That it does, Jon," I say. "Good luck." 

"You too, Jen," you say. I break and sink a couple of shots before missing the third. You make all your shots and suddenly it all comes down to this. There are two balls left on the table, the 8-ball and one of mine. You fail to sink the 8 ball on your first shot so it's my turn. I sink my remaining ball but miss with the 8 ball. On your next turn, you sink it legally. 

"Congratulations," I say, aroused yet slightly embarrassed by the knowledge that you'll be photographing me naked in various poses. 

"Thanks, Jen," you say. "Are you sure about the wager?" 

"Of course I am," I say. "A bet's a bet. You won fair and square."

"How about tomorrow then?" you ask. 

"Sure," I answer. "Why don't you come over around 4:30, 5:00 and I'll make dinner?" 

Realising that I will probably be more comfortable doing this at my place, you nod. "Sounds good," you say. "I'll bring the wine."

"Sounds like a plan," I say. "I'd better head home." I slip into my blazer and put my boots and jacket on. I grab my purse and give you a quick kiss and hug goodbye.

The next day I tidy my apartment and throw together a pan of lasagna. I wrap the lasagna and place it in the fridge. I head into my bedroom to change out of my jeans and sweatshirt into a knee-length black skirt and red scooped-neck blouse. I pin my hair up in a French twist. 

You arrive at 4:30 with a bottle of red wine. You are wearing a pair of grey dress pants and a white dress shirt. You are also carrying your digital camera. A shiver of nervousness and arousal passes through me. You come in and carry the wine into the kitchen. I take the lasagna out of the fridge, unwrap it and put it in the oven. You put the wine in the fridge and help yourself to a beer. 

"How's your day been?" you ask, taking a drink from the bottle of beer in your hand.

"It was good," I answer. "Didn't do much. How about you?"

"Quiet," you answer. You begin to help me set the table and you notice my hands are shaking. "You're nervous, Jen, aren't you?"

"A little," I admit, smiling at you. 

"Jen," you say, reaching out and stilling my hand as I place a napkin beneath your fork. "Jen, we can still call it off. You don't have to do it."

I place a napkin beneath my fork and stand up straight. Meeting your gaze I tell you, "Jon, I want to do it, ok?"

"Ok," you say. You take the lasagna out of the oven while I get the wine out of the fridge and open it. We sit down to dinner and talk about how our week was and what the following week is going to be like. After dinner we clear the table and load the dishwasher, putting the leftover lasagna in the fridge. 

"Ready?" I ask.

"Only if you are," you say. I reach for your hand and lead you into my room. Your camera is on the bed. 

"I'm all yours," I say. You reach for your camera.

"Just stand at the foot of the bed," you say. I move over to the end of my four-poster mahogany bed. I lean against one of the posts as you snap some photos. "Undo a couple of buttons, Jen." As I reach for the buttons on my blouse, you continue to take photos. I slowly slide the blouse off my shoulders, revealing my red lace demi cup bra. 

"Slip your blouse off, Jen," you tell me. I do as you ask and let the blouse fall to the floor. "Now slowly remove your skirt." I reach behind me and undo the button and zipper. I slowly slide the skirt over my hips and down my legs. When I straighten up, you see that I'm wearing matching bikini panties. I can feel a blush creeping along my skin under your gaze and camera lens. I know my panties are getting damp as my arousal heightens. 

"Do you want me to get on the bed?" I ask, huskily. 

"Yes," you answer. "I want you to get on the bed and just do whatever feels comfortable, Jen." I remove the pins from my hair and allow my dark blonde hair to flow freely down my back. Swallowing my nerves, I get on the bed and begin to pose in sexy poses. On my knees with my legs slightly spread while I look over my shoulder at you. On my back, cupping my lace-covered breasts. I kneel on the bed and reach behind me, removing my bra. My pussy is tingling now and I'm becoming extremely wet. I close my eyes and let my hands roam over my body. I slide one hand into my panties and begin to stroke my pussy. I hear you moan and I stop.

"Keep going, Jen," you say. I slip my panties off. I lie down on my back and spread my legs, allowing you an unobstructed view of my bare pussy. You can see that my pussy lips are already glistening with my moisture. You move in closer as I begin to touch my body, slowly spreading my pussy lips with my fingers. It's really turning me on to be touching myself like this in front of you, knowing that it's turning you on and that you're photographing it. I can tell it's turning you on because your breathing has changed and I can see your arousal straining at the placket of your pants. I slip a finger inside myself and begin to fuck myself. I do this for a few minutes and then reach over to my bedside table and open the drawer. I remove my vibrator from the drawer and rub it along my wet slit. Then I slide it inside my hot channel and turn it on. I moan softly as I slide it gently in and out of me. You watch as I fuck myself with my vibrator, my hips lifting off the bed as I get closer and closer to my release. When I cum, I cry out your name. I gush as I cum, the fluid escaping so fast and hard it pushes the vibrator out. 

As I lie there trying to catch my breath, I feel your breath against my pussy. "Jon?" I ask quietly.

"I just have to taste you, Jen," you say, just before your mouth touches my dripping pussy. I moan softly as your tongue laps at my juices. Your tongue enters my love hole and you begin to fuck me with it. I look down and see that you've removed your clothes. I begin to cum again as you remove your tongue from my pussy. I moan in frustration as you slowly climb up my body. As your lips meet mine in a passionate kiss, you thrust your hard cock deep inside me. I cry out as our bodies join. You thrust hard and fast into me. I suddenly flip you onto your back and straddle your body. I begin to ride you hard. 

"JON!" I cry as I cum hard. You thrust once more deep inside me before shooting your hot sticky fluid into me. I collapse onto your chest and we kiss softly. We roll to our sides and you pull the blankets over us as we fall asleep.