 My name is Paul and when I was forty years of age I accepted the position of Deputy Director of a government unit, and that is when Beth became my secretary. Well, to be honest, she was a shared secretary between the Executive Director and I.

Beth was married, twenty-five years of age, slim with a 34B-22-34 figure and was an extremely capable secretary who would organise our lives in an effective way. She was also a bundle of fun with a flirtatious manner.

As time went on she became more intimate like touching my chest, or whilst I was sitting she would lean on my back and rub her breasts around my neck to discuss a report she had typed for me.

A subtle change in our relationship happened the day we had a government official visit to undertake the official opening of a building extension.

Local dignitary were seated in the room, whilst the workers were designated to stand at the rear to observe proceedings and ensure the guests were looked after in an acceptable manner.

I was standing with my back to the wall when Beth inched her way over to stand in front of me. She placed her hands behind her back and leant back into my body. Her hands commenced stroking my cock, which immediately started to stand to attention. I tried to push her forward and arrest her hands but due to he simple resistance could not move her without causing a scene. I had to grim and bear the torture she was putting me under, and luckily when she felt I was too hot she stopped fondling and just held cock.

Luckily when the proceedings ended I could turn towards the wall and due to the crowd no one noticed the bulge in my pants, and it soon returned to normal state due to guests asking me technical questions about the organisation.

From then on we became closer and she invited me to go swimming with her during our lunch break. This proved to be an interesting endeavour for as soon as we arrived in the deep end of the swimming pool her hands were stroking my cock. I must admit at this point my hands were stroking her breasts and the rest of her body. We both enjoyed it immensely, but she refused to go nude in the sauna with me, although she came in once when I stripped off and she sat at the other end admiring my cock that was rising to the occasion. Nothing happened!

Beth had to visit our units to read the power ratings. These were normally high above the door. She always asked me to help her and in the vacant units, when we were alone, and I was standing on a table her hands would start playing with my cock. 

This teasing and very enjoyable fun continued without any consequences until the next phase in the relationship.

Our organization had a staff dinner and due to the absence of the Executive Director I was designated to act as host. Beth did all the arrangements and this was in a famous local restaurant. 

I take my wife, but Beth came on her own without her husband. Beth places me at the head of the table. My wife was sitting diagonally to my right, whilst Beth was diagonally to my left. Beth had that mischievous smile. I knew something was to happen. 

We all ate the starter and then the main course was served. There was a large platter of vegetables. It came down to us. "Paul, hold this whilst Beth and I serve ourselves!" my wife decided handing me the platter. The serving was slow. Beth delayed it as well. 

A hand started stroking my trousers. The zip of my pants was pulled down. Beth looked at me knowingly. Her hand found my cock and she took it out. Her fingertips were roaming the tip. Her fingers were drawing my foreskin backwards and forwards. I was leaking pre-sperm and felt as if I was coming. Beth was an expert at handling a cock. Just prior to my tremble, Beth squeezed the root of my cock. 

I had difficulty eating. My cock would not subside. Beth teased it continually. 

Beth then dropped her napkin. Her head went below the table, and her tongue licked my tip. She put my cock in her mouth and started sucking the length of my cock. Beth came back up and started eating her dinner. I did the same, but my cock would not go down. I tried to push it back into my pants but it was like an iron rod.

I was sweating. Beth kept placing her hand in her lap and moving over to continue playing with my cock. My wife was watching me. I could not say anything. "Are you feeling well?" she asked. "Yes!" I replied "Just feeling rather hot". 

If she looked under the table, she would see my hard cock. It was pulsating with rhythm and I felt I was going to come. Suddenly, Beth jumped up and exclaimed "I must go home now." I am sat there dejected. I must cool down. 

My penis was solid. It would not go back in. I thought of work, cold showers and such things. I smoked a couple of cigarettes. Eventually I was decent. I ran to the toilet. I sat in the cubicle. My penis was soon in my hand. Two thrusts and I shot. The climax was intense. My sperm hit the door. It never seemed to stop. 

When I saw her next at work, I said I would get my own back.

It was nearing to Christmas. There were very few at work. Beth was putting up the decorations when I walked in the room. Beth was standing on a table. Christmas lights had fallen and wrapped around her. 

"Please help me!" Beth pleaded. 

"Why should I?" I said "After the way you teased me." I turned and went towards the door. 

"Come back here. Do not leave me" Beth implored. 

I switched off the light and opened the door. I did not leave, but crept back to her. 

"You are here! I know. What are you up to?" 

I reached for her in the dark. 

My arms grabbed her legs. My hand ran up her thigh. Beth was only wearing 'pop-socks'. My hand roamed her flesh. I kissed her soft warm thighs. 

My tongue found her panties. It slipped beneath her panty leg. I licked on her clit. "No! No! Stop doing that! No! No! Stop it! Oh! Oh! Oh! Yes! Yes! Oh! Don't stop! Oh! OOoohh! OOOoHHHH! No! Do not stop! Come back here? " Beth implored. 

I walked out of the door. Beth was swearing at me.

I went to the 'Gents'. Her juices covered my face. I washed my face. 

"Where are you?" A voice screamed from the corridor. Beth burst through the door. Beth grabbed hold of me. 

Beth pushed me into a toilet cubicle. I am pushed onto the seat. Beth raised her skirt. My head was pushed down to her panties. My tongue licked on her clit, ran around her lips.

Beth roared to a climax. She pitched and bucked. Beth really enjoyed it.

Beth was then down on her knees. She pulled out my cock and it was straight in her mouth. Her tongue and lips played tunes on my shaft. I could not stand it for long. Suddenly Beth climbed on me. My cock went straight into her wet pussy. Beth thrust up and down. My pleasure was intense. We both screamed in a climax. The noise was extreme. 

I still do not know who got the better of who, but I never complained.

Soon after I left for new pastures and invited Beth to visit me. She always said she would but in the last twenty years she has never done so.

She is still the best secretary any one could wish for.