 This chapter of A Tale of Two Paramours has been sitting on my computer for some time. I'm not sure I like it, really, but it gets us where we need to go. And given we have been stalled here for over two years, it is time for me to post it and get on with the story. 

Warning – Chapter 21 includes BDSM situations, feigned reluctance, forced sex play, and brief anal play. If these subjects are not of interest to you, Chapters 22 and 23 (which both focus on the remaining days of Mark and Jessi's Valentine's Day weekend) will be posted shortly. If you are waiting for Jessika to return to the story, then I am hopeful Chapters 24 and 25 will be to your liking. 

Finally, thank you to the readers of this series who have waited so long to know what Mark, Jessi and Jessika will do next. 

Kveldulf 

***** 

Chapter 21 

The afternoon of Valentine's Day could not have started any better. After I finished my Friday office hours, I drove to Jessi's apartment. Since I had brought my packed suitcase in my car when I went to work, the only stop I had to make on the way was at a florist to pick up the roses I had ordered for Jessi a few days before. Along with the flowers, I also had a card and silver rose pendant necklace with a small ruby in the center of the rose. I had thought about a heart necklace, but despite the fact I had already told my twenty-year-old paramour that I loved her, I was hesitant to take that step. I was also worried, however, that she might wonder why the necklace was not a heart. 

As it turned out, it did not matter. Jessi was excited beyond my wildest expectations when I gave her the flowers, the card and the necklace. In fact, I would have to characterize her as 'giddy', a state I had never thought I would have the opportunity to attribute to her. However, the word fit the giggling, grinning young woman who had run to the mirror in her small bathroom to look at the necklace after she had put it on. 

"Can I take the roses with me, Mark?" Jessi had asked when I told her that we needed to leave if we wanted to reach the cabin before it was too dark. "The only rose I ever got before was just one for Valentine's Day in middle school." 

"Sure, honey," I told her, hugging her in an attempt not only to convey my feelings but also to make up for what she had lacked in her past. 

"Great! Thanks, babe!" she replied, giving me a quick but passionate kiss. "Can you take them to the car? I'll follow you with my bags." 

"We will only be there two nights, Jessi," I pointed out as she grabbed a suitcase, a smaller bag, and her purse. 

"I know," my young lover beamed at me. "I just want to be prepared." 

"I see," I responded as I headed down the stairs, although I was not sure I really did. But as I had learned was often the case with Jessi, sometimes it was best just to let her do what she was going to do, especially when she was this happy. 

My friend's cabin, where Jessi and I were going to spend the weekend, was a little over a two hour drive away. About the first sixty minutes of that drive was divided highway, whereas the last seventy to eighty minutes, depending on whether one ended up behind slow traffic, was a two-lane road leading up into the mountains. While we were on the divided highway, Jessi and I chatted about some different things, but mainly she either smiled at me or smiled as she looked out the window and fingered the rose pendant around her neck. 

About ten minutes after we turned from the divided highway to the two-lane road, Jessi fixed me with an intense stare and said, "Pull off the road, please." 

"Everything okay?" I asked her as I brought the car to a stop on the shoulder of the road. 

"Oh yes, Mark," my blonde lover grinned as she undid her seatbelt and leaned over the center console so that she was staring at my crotch. "I just wanted to get off the highway before I sucked your cock." 

"We will have plenty of time at the cabin for that, honey," I said even as she began working on my zipper. "Plus, the gear selector is in the way, isn't it?" 

"Nope, it's fine, and I don't want to wait. I want to give you road head." 

"Road head?" 

"A blow job while you're driving," Jessi laughed. "Duh, Mark." 

"I am not sure that is a good idea," I said. "It seems a little dangerous... " 

By this time, Jessi had my penis out, and much to my chagrin, I was partially erect. The young blonde looked up at me, shook her head, and then winked before she sucked the tip of my shaft into her mouth. Unsure what to do, I just sat there as my lover worked her lips about halfway down my now completely hard length. 

"Aren't you going to drive, Mark?" Jessi asked after she had released my erection from her lips with an audible pop. "Head in a parked car is just head, not road head." 

"Jessi, I still think... " 

"Don't overthink it, Mark," my lover sighed. "Just fucking drive." 

She again took my penis into her mouth and began sucking up and down on it. Carefully, I moved the gear selector to drive, which moved it up against her torso in a way that did not look at all comfortable for her, then checked my mirrors as I carefully pulled back onto the road. 

As I drove, a pattern developed. If Jessi started sucking on me faster, I drove faster. If she slowed down, so did I. For about ten minutes of this, I suspect that we drove the driver of a car behind us crazy with the speed changes. He honked and flipped me off when he finally passed us, and I realized it had probably not helped matters that Jessi had increased her tempo just as he was trying to pass. 

After another five minutes or so went by, I began to have a strange sensation in my scrotum. It was at that point that it dawned on me that my jeans were likely too constricting, making it more difficult for me to finish. I pulled to the side of the road, which caused Jessi to start sucking harder, as she clearly thought that I was about to climax. 

"I need to open my jeans and move them down," I told her, my voice unexpectedly hoarse. "I cannot come like this." 

Jessi pulled her now swollen lips from my penis and sat up while I unbuttoned the top button of my pants and then slid them down a bit. 

"Is that better," she asked, grinning. "I wondered why it was taking so long. I can usually get you off faster than that." 

"Yes, it is much better," I sighed. 

"Are you going to sit here or are you going to drive?" she asked, staring at me. 

"Drive, I guess," I replied, to which the young woman nodded before she lay back down and took my still hard length into her warm, wet mouth. 

Not more than five minutes after we were on the road again, I was pulling back onto the shoulder, my right hand on her head as I began ejaculating into her mouth before I had even come to a complete stop. For her part, Jessi took every drop, swallowing it all before she sat up again. 

"That was fun," she beamed, licking her puffy lips. "I liked how you speeded up and slowed down when I did. It's like I was in control of how fast you drove." 

"That one guy behind us didn't like it too much," I said, reaching out to run my fingers through Jessi's soft, blonde hair. "And when he was passing, you started going faster so I sped up as well." 

"Well, fuck him," she said. "He's probably just jealous." 

"I doubt he could see what we were doing," I pointed out as I pulled my pants up to where I could fasten the top button. 

"Oh, he knew," Jessi laughed. "Or at least probably suspected." 

I did not believe that it was likely that she was right, but I did not argue with her. Instead, I zipped up my pants, then leaned over to kiss her. Jessi responded to the kiss by pushing her tongue into my mouth and brining my right hand up to her chest. 

"I can't wait to get to the cabin and be your slave, Mr. Warner," she breathed after we broke our kiss. "That's why I wanted to suck you off now for the roses and the necklace—I wanted it to be my choice, not what I had to do." 

"It is always your choice, Jessi," I said, pulling onto the road. 

"Not as a slave," she countered, buckling her seatbelt. "It will all be your choice this weekend, Master." 

*** 

To my surprise, Jessi had gone to sleep a few minutes after we were back on the road, and she did not wake up until I was stopping the car outside the cabin. She stretched and smiled at me, then looked out the window. 

"Is that it?" she asked. "It's smaller than I expected. Oh, and is that snow? When did we hit snow?" 

"It snowed up hear a few days ago," I explained, watching her stare out the window with a smile on her face. "It may snow tomorrow, as well." 

"I've always wanted to fuck in the snow while it's snowing," Jessi said, looking back at me. "I've never had the chance. If it snows tomorrow, can we do it?" 

"You do not think it will be too cold," I asked, not relishing the thought of being even partially unclothed out in the snow. 

"Of course it will, but that's why it's so fucking hot." 

"Well, we will see," I said, hoping that it did not start snowing again that weekend. "Right now, I need to go in and make sure that the cabin is ready. My friend had a neighbor come by and turn on the heater and the water earlier this week, but I still need to check it out, and probably turn the thermostat up. The neighbor likely only warmed it up enough that the pipes would not freeze." 

"Okay, I'll wait here," my blonde lover replied. "But that does sound like the type a thing a man might make his slave do for him." 

I thought about explaining that I thought we should wait until a little later that evening to start the roleplaying, but instead I got out of the car and hurried to the cabin door. The cold made me fumble with the key a bit, but I finally was able to unlock it. Once inside, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the temperature was in the low 60's, which was much better than I had expected. I turned up the thermostat to 72 degrees, then went back to the car to get Jessi and our luggage. 

"I should be carrying the luggage, Master," Jessi said as I pulled it from the back and started to carry both our suitcases to the cabin. "Isn't that why a man has a slave, to do the menial work that he shouldn't have to do?" 

"Can we just wait on the slave stuff until we are settled, Jessi?" I asked, unable to keep my exasperation from seeping into my words. 

"Sure, Mark," the young woman replied in soft voice. "I guess I was just eager to get started serving my Master." 

"Then get your other bag and your purse," I said, trying to make it sound a bit like a command. 

"Yes, Master," Jessi replied, then hurried to do as I had told her. She followed me into the cabin, looking all around as we put our things in the front room. 

"That's an awesome fireplace," she said, pointing to the massive rock fireplace at the far end of the front room. "It looks like a good place for a Master to fuck his slave girl." 

"It does," I agreed, telling myself I needed to get into the spirit for my young lover, as I knew she had been looking forward to spending the weekend playing slave. 

Not playing, being, the warning voice in my head reminded me. This is more real for her than for you. 

I shook off my negative feelings. Jessi and I had been down this road before, and I was quite sure I was ready to make this more real for her than before, even if perhaps not as real as she might ideally want. 

"Does Master want his slave to make a fire in it?" 

"I have the heater on, Jessi," I told her. "But if you want to make a fire, go ahead. I need to go back out and get the groceries." 

"What the slave wants does not matter, Master. What Master wants is what matters. And I can get the groceries for you." 

"I'll get the bags, Jessi. I want you to make a fire if that is what you want to do," I responded, trying not to sound annoyed. 

Jessi stared at me, her eyes becoming intense. I sighed and looked away, not wanting to deal with one of her too-long stares. I also did not want to deal with the argument that I suspected was coming. 

"I'm getting the groceries," I sighed. "Wait here." 

"May a slave go with Master so she can get the very beautiful roses and card that Master gave her?" the blonde asked, and I was happy to see her smiling again. 

"Yes, come along," I said, which led Jessi to hurry over to me then squeeze my arm and kiss my cheek as we headed out to my car. 

When we were back inside, I spent a few minutes putting away the groceries while my young lover carefully arranged the vase of roses and the card that I had given her. When she had it to her liking, Jessi smiled at me and walked to where I was standing. She then kissed me lightly on the lips before backing up a couple of steps. 

"Surely Master thinks his slave is overdressed," she said, a slight smile on her lips. "And Master also surely wants to give his slave a more fitting name than her former name, now that everything is ready to begin the weekend." 

"It is a bit cold still," I pointed out. 

"A slave will endure discomfort for her Master's pleasure, and one would think a Master might like the way his slave's bare nipples might look in such temperatures." 

She does has a point there, I thought, barely able to keep myself form laughing. 

"Then strip, slave," I commanded. "And be quick, or I will cut your clothes off of you." 

I need not have added the warning, for the moment I had told her to strip Jessi began pulling off her large, black coat. She then took off her furry black boots, her socks and her jeans so that she was only wearing a dark red sweater, whatever was under the sweater, and blue lace panties. She smiled at me, then took off the sweater and revealed that she was not wearing a bra, something that I had not before noticed. 

The moment the cold air hit her small nipples, the hardened and turned almost red rather than their normal dusky pink. Stepping closer, I reached out and ran my hands over each of her modest but perfectly shaped breasts, marveling at the feel of those hard nubs on my palms. 

"You were right, slave. Your Master likes the way your nipples look in the cold." 

Jessi, who was shivering slightly, although I was not sure that was from cold or from excitement, nodded. I leaned in and kissed her lips, then her neck, and then her nipples after I had moved my hands down to her waist. 

"Does master want his slave to be fully naked," Jessi asked as I began to suck and lick her still extremely hard nipples. 

"Yes, take those panties off, slut," I told her. "Then get on your knees. I have something for you." 

Jessi stepped back away from my mouth and hands, then quickly slid her panties down her legs. After she stepped out of them, she dropped to her knees and stared up at me, a hungry, eager expression on her face. 

Taking a deep breath, I turned and opened the front pocket of my suitcase, retrieving Jessi's collar and leather cuffs. The young blonde's eyes sparkled when she saw what I held, and she reached her arms out to me even as she put her head down. 

First, I put the leather cuffs on each of her wrists, then I moved behind her and told her to raise her head. My lover did as commanded, and I took off the necklace I had given her and lay it on the counter before placing the leather collar around her neck, buckling it in the back so that one of the collar's three rings was on the front and each of the others were to the sides. I then reached down and placed a cuff on one ankle, then the other. 

"Put your hands beside your neck, slave," I ordered, and Jessi immediately complied. 

I hooked her wrist cuffs to the side rings on her collar, then hooked her ankle cuffs together with a short length of plastic chain. It was long enough to allow her to walk, but short enough to make it a bit of a challenge to do so. But I was not going to have her walk right away anway. 

Going back to the suitcase, I removed the multi-bladed leather whip Jessi had given me at Christmas. I brought it in front of her, then held it up to her lips. 

"Kiss the whip, slave" I snarled. 

Jessi shook her head and moved her lips away from the whip. I was not surprised by her actions, although I was kind of hoping she would have just done as I asked. I knew she was making me have to force her to behave right from the start. 

"Kiss the whip, or I will use it on those cute little tits of yours, slut," I told her, pushing it back against her lips. Again, she shook her head and turned her lips from the whip. 

"I will whip your tits and your back, bitch, until you scream," I growled, then I lashed her breasts, lightly I thought. 

Jessi inhaled sharply at the impact, then whimpered. However, I did not see any red marks on her breasts, so I suspected she was playing it up for the moment. That actually made me feel a bit better, as I started to believe that the young blonde was trying to meet me somewhere in the middle with the Master/slave roleplay intensity. 

"Kiss the whip, or it will be twice as hard next time, slut." 

To my surprise, Jessi made no move to kiss the whip. In fact, as I brought it to her firmly closed lips, she moved her whole body back. 

Sighing, I did as I warned her, flicking the whip against her chest with more force than the first time. Jessi responded with a sharp yelp of pain, then she leaned forward as she started to cry. I almost asked if she was okay, but instead I grabbed her hair and pulled her up until she was again kneeling with her back strait. I was not shocked that there were tears on her face, but I did worry whether it might have been too much. My concern was not lessened when I saw that the whip had left two red stripes on her left breast and three on her right. 

"Kiss the whip, slave," I commanded for the fourth time. "Kiss it, or its five lashes on your back." 

Jessi looked up at me, her blue eyes burning with that special intensity of hers, then she shook her head once more. I grabbed her hair again, but this time I pushed her down until her face was against the floor. Stepping back, I took in the sight of her for a moment, naked, collared, and cuffed, her bare back smooth and white. Then I brought the whip down on that white back with as much force as I had ever used on the young blonde, eliciting a shriek of surprise and pain. 

"Please Master," she sobbed, trying to straighten up. "I'll kiss it. I'll kiss the whip. Please Master." 

"That is only one lash, slut," I reminded her. "You have four to go." 

"Please Master," she whimpered, but her words turned to another shriek of pain when the second lash landed. 

"Please, please, please," Jessi sobbed. "I'll do anything, Master. Anything. Please don't whip me." 

"Three more to go," I told her, then delivered two lashes in quick succession. 

The blonde's body jumped at the first, but her cry of pain was barely out of her mouth when the second landed. That cry turned into a grunt that faded into a series of whimpers. 

"One to go," I told her as her body started to shake. "Aren't you going to beg me not to do it? 

The young woman lifted her tear streaked face and looked back over her shoulder at me, at least best she could. 

"Please," she whined. "Please, don't whip your little slut. She'll be good. She'll be real good. She'll kiss your whip. She'll do whatever her master wants." 

I looked from her pitiful face to the red lash marks on her no longer purely white back, and I almost relented. But another thought occurred to me. If I let her off easy this time, Jessi, playing her part, would keep pushing her boundaries until I had to punish her again. Maybe if I followed through this first time, I would not have to punish her, or at least whip her, again. 

"It does no good to spoil a slave, slut," I told her. "I told you five lashes, and you will take five lashes." 
