 If I were yours, you'd know how much I love to play at performance and wanton display. That I like to recline against the headboard, like some lusty courtesan with you, my ardent admirer at the opposite end. You'd know how I open my soft thighs, shyly at first, then boldly as we warm to the game. Open my legs to reveal the pinkness of my flesh and with fingers spread those swollen lips so your eyes can see me.

How I like to dip into that heat and bring my fingers, glistening with juice to your mouth. How when you grasp that hand and hold it close to your face to inhale me then suck my fragrant fingers into your hot mouth it makes me absolutely sure that I'm the most desirable creature on earth. How when you say "I love the smell and taste of you", it makes me literally melt and drip with love. When I see your eyes grow wide and watch your mouth fall open a little like an awestruck boy, I know that my pretty pussy is the most beautiful thing you've ever seen.

If I were yours, you'd be familiar with each moist pink fold, every fleshy lip and nook. You'd know every contour and crease of that hot wet place, its heady scent, its little mouth that beckons you.

You'd understand how with just a subtle shift of your body you can move me from tempting seductress to your sweet plaything, your naughty little slutgirl, held and spread open for your pleasure. How with that move of your body and just a look, the power and control shifts to you, exposing and revealing me for your viewing.

You'd know how deliciously vulnerable and completely desired I feel when your strong thighs press hard against mine to prevent me from coyness, from closing or obscuring your view of my pretty cunt, your eyes drawn to the slick wetness that oozes and drips from me...until your eyes have had their fill. How the gentle sting of a loving hand against those fleshy lips can make me weep tears of bliss. How it's then that I long for you to touch me. Long for that hand that pushes and presses to possess me, that seeks that divine entry that makes me one with you seamlessly.

If I were yours, my love sounds would be familiar. You'd know and recognise them all. All the sighs and gasps and pants that escape my lips. Those sudden, sharp intakes of breath when your clever fingers find the places that drive me wild, when the rhythm of the touching is so exquisite that I can hardly bear it. A touch so perfect that I can scarcely breathe.

You'd hear all the soft sucking, tongue lapping sounds, the slick, sliding, slapping sounds of your cock in my mouth, in my hand, in my ass, in my cunt. The pure sounds of your flesh in mine.

Your ears would know my every moan and groan and pleasure sigh. All the greedy, pleading, needing, urging, begging sounds. "Fuck me now, don't stop, yeah do it, do it harder, hold me, fuck me like that, push hard, fill me up." And then my love, you'd know that moment of silence when pleasure robs me of voice, steals the words and replaces them with little animal sounds. Mewling, purring, cooing, giggling sounds of my joy and my complete satisfaction. Ah my love if I were yours, you'd know that this is the moment, when I truly belong to you.

And what of your love words? The words that make me crazy. "I want you my sweet little slut, I want to fuck you so bad, spread your legs, keep them open, show me that beautiful cunt, fuck I love that sweet pussy. I want to be inside you. Do you like that? Is that what you want? Bend over, breathe, behave"...words that make me gasp and pant, words that make my nipples hard and make me soaking wet. Juicy, rude, lewd words that me ache for you.

You'd talk me to shuddering orgasms with risque tales of fantasy or fact. Tease me with stories about how you stroke your thick cock. How when we're apart, you just have to touch yourself. You'd tell me every wild and dirty detail of how your hand moves faster and faster along length your cock, pulling at your flesh, coaxing out the glistening drops. How when I leave the warmth of our bed in the morning, the smell of your fingers, fragrant with the musky, cloying scent of sex lingering from the night before, makes you come and come and come.

And of course if I were yours my sweet, you'd know how I like to play the film star and have wild porn star sex with you, my insatiable stud with the rampant unstoppable cock. How, in killer heels and cum-fuck-me hose, with bright lights and shiny lube-slicked skin, I like to cavort and contort into extravagant and outrageous positions. Legs spread wide and high, impaled on you, clinging fast to my bucking, fucking rodeo ride and wail and moan and beg and urge, all the while, to the rapt attention of our adoring imaginary audience.

You'd know I want sex that makes me sweat and pant with the effort. The pushing, pulling, pressing kind of sex that leaves my flesh aching, bruised and sore the next day. How I want to be held by hard strong hands, clutching my shoulders while your lips pull and suck and devour my breasts and neck, your teeth nipping at my shoulders making me gasp with the dangerous pleasure pain of it.

You'd know how I want you to hold my hips in a hard unforgiving grip, pushing me down onto your cock, holding me there, never letting me go. How I want the hot bruising, bumping, grinding, hurting, mashing clashing kind of fucking, where my wild "fuck me's" get smothered and muffled and ground, face down, until the mattress grows thick with the sound of them.

But then, of course, you know all of this. Because I am yours, you know every detail, every nuance, every penchant and peccadillo. No one knows more of my secrets than you, my sweet.