 Chapter 25: Gary's 'Triple Crown'

According to Gary, the only good thing about staying in to watch the Calcutta Cup match was the half-time entertainment; which took the form of a blow-job, administered, of course, by yours truly. 

Having spent most of the first half lying on the sofa, with my head cushioned on his thigh, occasionally stroking the growing bulge in the front of his jeans and, having already undone his zip so that I could slide my fingers in and play with his cock; almost as soon as the half-time whistle had blown, I had fished it out and proceeded to give it a lick.

Funnily enough, Gary offered no complaints as I stroked and licked his cock, making it nice and wet all over before wrapping my lips around it and beginning to suck. Apparently, he is extremely happy with my tendency to provide him with, what he calls, 'spontaneous suction' and this occasion was no exception. As I worked my lips back and forth along his thick shaft, he was quite vocal with his encouragement.

"Oh, Julie, that's so good," he gasped as I slipped his cock from my mouth and began to tongue his knob. I always like it when I'm complimented mid blow-job.

As I took his cock in my mouth again, Gary twisted his fingers in my hair and, with just the slightest of pressure began pushing my head down, making me take more and more into my mouth.

"Take it all, Julie. Go on. Take it all," he said, not quite demanding. I did my best to relax, changing position to open up my throat as I worked my way down. My eyes began to water as I slowly but determinedly worked the final inch into my mouth. His short pubic hair tickled my nose as his knob filled the back of my throat.

"Ahhhhh, good girl!" he gasped as I swallowed involuntarily, my throat tightening around his swollen knob, making it hard for me to breath. I could only hold him there for a few seconds before I slid back up.

"You liked that?" I asked, my voice a little hoarse.

"Fuck, yes. You're amazing!" he replied emphatically.

Reassured that my talents were being appreciated, I proceeded to do it again and again, over and over until my throat began to ache.

Fortunately, Gary didn't mind when I reverted to a more conventional sucking style. I liked the way he stroked his fingers through my hair as I bobbed my head up and down, working my lips along every inch of his lovely thick cock, quietly murmuring encouragement as I feasted on him.

Pre-cum was already leaking from his cock and, with my head resting on his lap as I sucked him, I could feel him beginning to tense. "Getting close," he warned me as his breathing quickened.

I wrapped my fingers around his shaft and began to rub as I sucked on his swollen knob. "Fuck! Ohhhh fuck!" he gasped as his hips began to move. I knew he wasn't going to last much longer and I began tonguing the slit at the tip of his knob.

"Oh Julie!" he moaned suddenly, "I... I can't... Ahhhhh!" his cock twitched in my hand, I could feel his cum surging up.

"Juullliiiieeeeee!!!" he cried as his cock erupted, "Oh... Ohhhhhh, Julie!"

I swallowed quickly; hungrily wolfing down his cum as it flooded into my mouth. Gary thrust his cock between my lips, firing jet after hot, creamy jet on to my tongue.

Finally, he was spent. I sucked the last drops from his flagging cock before letting it slip from between my lips.

Gary was particularly impressed with my sense of timing, which resulted in him blowing his load just as the teams were about to retake the field, thus not interrupting his viewing of the game. However, only ten or so minutes into the second half, with Scotland's cause looking increasingly lost, Gary turned his attention from the television to me.

The great thing about Gary is, much as he enjoys the amount of attention that I bestow upon his cock with my mouth, it's not all one-way traffic. He's pretty good at making sure my pussy and clit get all the thorough tongue-lashings they require, generally making sure I cum at least two or three times. So I definitely have no complaints either; which is nice.

Getting off the sofa, he knelt in front of me. I swung my legs round and wriggled my bum to the edge, lifting it slightly as Gary tugged my jeans and knickers off. With my pussy exposed, Gary wasted no time, getting quickly into his stride as he began lapping between my moist lower lips.

I was supposed to be keeping an eye on the game for him; letting him know if there was anything worth watching but I found it particularly hard to concentrate on what was happening on screen. Somewhat unfortunately, and decidedly inappropriately, I let out an almighty, "Oh Yesssssss!" of pleasure that coincided with an England try. Deciding that even the great Bill McLaren would never have been that impartial, after that I gave up and decided simply to enjoy what was going on 'below the touchline'.

Having struggled out of my top, I began to play with my tits with one hand while the other pressed against the back of Gary's head, forcing his mouth even more firmly against me.

As he lapped at my pussy, Gary worked two fingers into my cunt and began pumping them in and out. With my eyes screwed tightly shut, the game forgotten, I began squeezing and tugging on my nipples. The intense stimulation quickly brought me to boiling point.

"Yesssssss! Mmmmmmm, fuck, yessss!" I moaned, my bum squirming on the edge of the sofa as Gary's tongue on my clit and his fingers in my pussy fed my orgasm.

My hands dropped from my tits to Gary's head and I pulled it towards me, increasing the pressure on my clit, heightening the already intense sensations.

Before long, I felt the first stirrings of my orgasm as contractions began to ripple through my pussy and womb. "Mmmmmm, yessss! Oh God, yessssssss!" I cried as the feelings steadily increased in intensity. I was squirming so much, I almost slid off the sofa; only Gary's arms around my thighs stopped me from falling.

I've no idea how long Gary kept me there. My orgasm washed over and through me in waves; peaking and subsiding over and over again. I cried out as each flick of his tongue against my throbbing clit sent fresh spasms of pleasure coursing through me.

"Fuck me, Gary," I heard myself say. I felt a brief feeling of relief as Gary pulled away and stood up. Still perched on the edge of the sofa, I spread my legs wide, opening myself up for him.

Gary kissed me lightly on the lips then pressed his hips forward. His cock slipped easily into me. "Yessss! Oh yessss!" I cried as he began to plunge into my hot, moist depths.

With his arms either side of me, bracing himself on the back of the sofa for support, Gary dipped his head to lick my tits as his cock ploughed in and out. Wrapping my legs around him, I clutched at his arse with my hands, pulling him into me as I revelled in the sensation of having my cunt stuffed full with his cock. 

"Oh yes! Harder, Gary, harder!" I cried as he powered into me. Somehow, I managed to slide one of my hands between us, allowing me to stroke my clit as Gary fucked me, his mouth alternating between my nipples.

"Gary! Oh fuck, Gary!" I cried as my orgasm reignited. My body heaved and convulsed beneath his. Gary began to gently nibble on my neck, driving me even wilder.

"Take me from behind," I whispered in his ear. Gary pulled out and, from somewhere, I fund the strength to turn around, leaning on the back of the sofa for support.

"Ummmmmmfffuuuuccckkkkkk!!!" I moaned as Gary impaled me from behind. He grabbed my hips and pulled me back on to him as he drove forward. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" I cried in time with his thrusts. I was being taken hard and rough and I was loving every second.

"Slap my arse!" I cried, "Gary, slap my arse. "

Gary did as I demanded, bringing his hand down with a resounding slap on the upturned cheeks of my bum. The stinging pain of his slaps brought tears to my eyes but they were tears of pleasure as much as pain. I was being fucked like a dirty little slut and I was loving it.

In and out, over and over, Gary stabbed his thick cock mercilessly into my increasingly tender pussy. I rubbed my clit furiously, eliciting ever more powerful sensations.

I looked back over my shoulder. "Since, you're back there, how about fucking the other hole, if... uh... you don't mind?" I asked.

Gary smiled broadly. He pulled out, leaving my pussy feeling empty as he positioned himself to fuck my arse for the first time.

Using his fingers, Gary lubricated my tight rear hole with my juices. I bit my lip to stifle a moan as his swollen knob pressed against my rear opening.

"Oh Gary," "Oh Julie," we moaned in unison as he slowly sank his cock, inch by inch into my arse.

"Oh God, that feels good!" Gary sighed as he began to work his cock in and out.

"Mmmmmmmmm," was all the reply I could muster. I've always been a fan of taking a guy's cock up my arse; the sensations it produces are so intense and deliciously dirty. Feeling Gary's lovely thick cock invading my rear hole for the first time, heightened the sensations even more.

"Yes, Gary, yessssssss! Fuck my arse!" I cried as he slammed into me, his balls slapping against my enflamed pussy lips with every stroke.

I fingered my pussy and rubbed my clit as Gary plunged into my back-passage. Reaching forward, he grabbed my tits, squeezing them and teasing my nipples with his fingers as he buggered me.

"Oh... Ohh, Julie! I... I can't hold on!" he cried. I drove my fingers deep into my pussy, pressing my thumb firmly against my clit as Gary's fingers tightened around my nipples.

"Yessssssssssssss!" I sobbed.

"Oh fuck, Julie!" he cried.

We came together, my body shaking as his cock erupted, sending thick jets of sperm deep into my bowels.

Needless to say, the remainder of the match, along with most of the Wales v Ireland one that followed was missed. It's kind of difficult to concentrate when you've got your eyes screwed tight and your moans are drowning out the commentary. Suffice to say that by the time Brian O' Driscoll and co. completed their Grand Slam efforts, Gary had ensured that I'd been slammed rather grandly myself and he had completed his own version of the 'Triple Crown'.