 So, this series is about me taking incidents in my life, where nothing really happened and I imagine, what could have been, although that is probably provided my life was a porn film from the day I turned eighteen onward. I am not writing these in any particular order, however there is an order to them, for now this is the second one, but I am planning at least one more between this and the first one. For those who are interested "Becoming a Pet ch. 2" is coming next.

I was in my second year at the local community college, getting my associates degree before transferring to a four year school when I got really sick. Not go to the hospital life in danger sick, more the stay home for a few weeks until it works its way out of your system sick. I nearly dropped out for that semester, but between good friends and understanding professors, I was in good shape by the time I got through my illness. However there was one problem, chemistry my worst subject. It was enough of a struggle when I wasn't struggling to make up work. So, I needed to get a tutor. I was expecting either another student who had taken chemistry in the past or maybe someone older but she was a bit closer to a teacher. But not just any teacher, but the kind wet dreams and porn films about school were made of. She was about five foot eight, maybe two inches shorter than me with long glossy black hair that came to her waist, an easy smile on full lips, probably c-breasts, in skin the color of dark chocolate. She dressed professionally, for a college not an office, she was covered, but clearly she had chosen it for the way it accentuated her figure. The outfit might have garnered complaints, but she could easily blame her ample bosom for the fit.

"Hello, Lukas?" It's funny I had heard the phrase "honeyed tones" in the past, however I hadn't really thought about it until she spoke. It must be difficult for any guy to talk to her if he has any interest in women. It only took another moment of me standing there like an idiot to realize that she was waiting for a response.

"Sorry, yes I'm Lukas. I guess you're my tutor." She laughed as she held out a hand, which I took in the hopes of moving on from the awkward moment. Her grip was surprisingly strong, although the hands were in proportion to her size.

"Don't worry about it, you wouldn't be the first to forget his name when I spoke. My name is Alexa Pierce." We had met at the local rec center as it had a good meeting area. We sat to go over the material. Chemistry had always been the bane of my academic existence, so missing lectures and time to interact with the professor hadn't helped. Alexa clearly knew her stuff and while it took some getting used her voice, I found myself feeling more confident about my decision not to drop out of the class. However the final for the class was fast approaching and there was so much I didn't know, leaving me to conclude that my best effort in the class was going to result in a barely passing grade. This was not a pleasant outcome as I was planning to go on to a four year school, but I didn't see how I could change the situation. One day after several sessions with Alexa and I had come to accept the situation, there was a knock at the door. I was surprised to find it was her.

"Miss Pierce? I didn't think we had a session today." She smiled reassuringly as she shook her head.

"Not today. I just wanted to try something different, as I know you're concerned about your grade. Can I come in?" I nodded as I stepped aside.

"Sure. No one's going to be back for hours." I led her to the living room before going to my room to get my chemistry stuff. When I returned she had made herself comfortable and was drawing a diagram on a piece of paper. I sat down and she explained the diagram was to visualize some concepts of chemistry.

"I think if I can teach you to visualize some aspects of chemistry it will make a lot more sense to you." A number of things did click for me and I felt confident that I would comfortably pass, rather than barely passing, but still it could be better. After almost an hour of trying this new tact she stopped and shook her head.

"Well, I'm sure you'll do better, but there's only so much you can visualize." She sat back as she clearly thought deeply about this. I studied the diagrams she had made for several minutes before she spoke again.

"How long till your parents get home?" I looked up, somewhat surprised by the question as I checked the time.

"Not for at least two hours, why?" She smiled and although I was certain it was my imagination she seemed be looking me up and down.

"Well then, I'm going to quiz you and for every right answer I will take off one item of clothing." I just blinked as I stared at the cleavage I had been trying to avoid eying since she had arrived.

"A-are you serious?" She laughed as she nodded.

"Yes, I figure with a little motivation you might learn better." I nodded, although more because I was unsure of what to say, than I was actually believing this. "First, what is an acid?" I stared for a moment, but decided she was starting off with an easier question to encourage me.

"A substance with greater than seven PH." She smiles as she leans down, showing off the cleavage her shirt exposes as she slowly slips off one shoe than the other. She took longer than was necessary before sitting up to lean back to resume asking questions.

"What is oxidation?" I thought carefully, but again realized she was trying to build my confidence.

"The loss of hydrogen or the gain of oxygen." She nodded and slowly raised her shirt, pausing before uncovering her large bra covered breasts. She didn't take too long after that to remove the shirt entirely. She quickly set it aside and continued.

"What is the monomer of polyethylene?" This was where I knew that she had decided to start making it harder, although it honestly seemed as if she was trying to challenge me, rather than she was at all bothered by the prospect of getting naked.

"Ethylene." Her reaction seemed closer to a smirk as she removed her jeans with the agonizing slowness that she had with her shirt, until reveal her matching panties, which were a cut somewhere between standard panties and a thong. The next right answer saw her removing her bra. Once the bra was off, revealing dark nipples with mid-sized aureoles, she cupped her breasts, although there were more than her hands could contain, and pulling lightly on her nipples. The next right she seemed to take as much time as it took her to remove everything else. I looked over her body for a few moments, she had lovely curves, but clearly it was the result of natural beauty enhanced by hard work. However as she had nothing more to take off, I figured that she would only let me stare for so long. So, I began gathering my notebook, with the diagrams and notes we had made, and my textbook, planning to study for a bit longer after she left. However still unmoving she spoke.

"What are you doing?" I looked up surprised.

"Uh, I-I thought as you don't have anything else to take off we were done." She shook her head.

"Sit down. Be patient." So I put everything down and sat to wait and see what else she would think of. She asked me another question, which wasn't too difficult so it didn't take me long to answer. Her next move was to rub my groin softly, naturally I was already hard. She smiled and moved her hand into my pants to rub over my underwear, to which I couldn't help but let out a soft moan. She wasted no time in pulling my cock of my pants to begin stroking, but in no hurry.

While stroking she continued the quiz, it was a struggle to concentrate, but ultimately I was able to give the correct answer. This time she quite visibly licked her lips and then licked the sides of the shaft for several moments, drawing out more moans from me. I sat back on the couch as I felt my balls tighten and she took the head of my cock in her mouth. Soon she was slowly sinking down to my crotch, clearly displaying a well-practiced expertise. She only hesitated a moment before she began moving up and down on me with increasing speed. Closing my eyes I felt myself drawing closer to release, not my first time, but certainly my first time with someone who was so good. However before I could actually cum she stopped and pulled off with an audible pop.

"Don't want you to finish too soon. Lick me." She moved to get comfortable on the couch and I finished undressing. Kneeling between her legs I lowered my face to her pussy and upon examining it with my fingers found her to be already wet. I slowly spread her lips and licked slowly up them before thrusting between them. She moaned and I felt both hands on my head. I licked up and down rapidly and once I had established a rhythm I looked up at her and reached for her breasts, mainly feeling them, but occasionally pulling softly on her nipples. She was moaning loudly and her juices were flowing, making it difficult to keep up. I switched to sucking on her clit as I began thrusting into her pussy with two fingers. Now her legs were gripping me as well and she was even thrusting her pussy into me with short rapid movements.

She suddenly went rigid and gripped me hard, this was followed by a few rapid, jerking thrusts and a sudden release of moisture from her pussy and she collapsed back into the couch, where she lay breathing hard. Once she released me I sat on the couch wondering if the times I had eaten out a girl had ever been that intense. She lay there for several moments catching her breath as I idly stroked myself as I was completely hard and throbbing, desiring release. Soon her breathing returned to normal and she sat up with a large grin on her face.

"Not bad, you've clearly done that before." I nodded.

"A few times, I only feel a little less clumsy each time." She leaned in and slowly stroked me.

"What is dihydrogen monoxide?" At this question I couldn't help laughing.

"Are you serious, you're going to finish with one of the worst jokes in all of chemistry? Water." She laughed as well, as she stood up and turned around, shaking her ass and grinning impishly back at me. She lowered herself to my lap and easily took me inside. She moaned softly as she slowly sank all the way down. It didn't take her long to begin moving her hips rapidly as she became louder. She leaned back into me and I put my hands on her breasts. She seemed to push back harder as I attempted to thrust upward, but it soon became obvious that I couldn't keep it up and surrendered to her rhythm. Despite how easy penetration had been I found myself tightly squeezed and was amazed that I hadn't cum inside her, especially given how close I had been when she had taken me in her mouth. This continued for what seemed an hour, but obviously wasn't, till she slowed and relaxed back into me for a moment before standing slowly and climbing onto the couch on all fours.

I wasted no time in getting behind her, to which she responded by encouraging me through grinding against me. Positioning my cock between her pussy lips I slowly worked my way inside. Her moans were a little loud and I moved slowly until I was completely inside. Hesitating briefly I began thrusting into her, feeling her tightness once again and knowing that I couldn't last long. I leaned forward to pull softly on her nipples as I continued thrusting. Her moaning grew louder and I became so caught up in it that I started pulling harder on her nipples, causing her to moan louder. As we continued I could feel her front dropping as she focused more on my pounding. Soon she had collapsed entirely on the couch, lying down as I lay on top of her thrusting away. In time her pussy tightened further and she moaned quite loudly and I kept thrusting through her orgasm. I slowed down when I felt her orgasm end. In moments she caught her breath.

"Up." I complied immediately and she shakily rose to a kneeling position. "You about to blow?" I nodded. "Okay, sit down." Again I obeyed and she kneeled on the floor. Once again she took me in her mouth, sucking hard and working my balls with a hand. Without warning she thrust a finger into my ass and I blew filling her mouth. She kept sucking until I was completely spent. I sat back on the couch, barely noticing that she had risen and was dressing, until she got my attention.

"Well that wasn't bad. Now study hard we have a couple more sessions until your test. We won't do this then." She clearly saw my look of disappointment as she continued. "However if you do well on the test I promise we'll do this afterward, but if you can pass the test with a good enough grade that you finish the class with a "C", you'll get my ass." I admit my mouth dropped open at that. But my common sense soon took over.

"To do that I would need to get an "A" on the test." She nodded as she headed for the door and I struggled to dress quickly.

"Yes, but I think you can do it." Now dressed I saw her to the door. Moving quickly I straightened up the living room and sprayed, hoping my parents wouldn't notice and ask awkward questions. The last couple weeks till the end of the semester passed swiftly enough and I saw Alexa two more times. True to her word we just studied, however this didn't stop her from teasing by either exposing some leg or cleavage.

At last the day of the final arrived and I was feeling fairly confident, thanks to her patient tutoring. It was an effort not to pace in nervous anticipation as I waited for the grade to be posted. At last the grades were posted. I was quite disappointed the test grade was a few points short of an "A", however I saw that I actually had a strong "C" overall for the course. I was amazed and was about to check to see if I had miscalculated, just to relieve the tension when I saw an email. It was from the teacher, who was so impressed at the hard work that I had put into the class despite being sick that he decided to tack on a couple extra points to the extra credit assignment that I had done. I was happy of course, so I decided to go out and celebrate, but my friends were either studying for their own finals or those outside of college were busy on other things. I was trying to decide whether I wanted to just go out anyway or wait for a better time, when my phone rang, it was Alexa.

"Hi Alexa, how's it going?" I heard a soft laugh as I heard her speak.

"I hear you did really well. Congratulations. Do you want to meet up?" I smiled.

"Actually I was planning to celebrate, but everyone is busy."

"Good, I'll be there in about ten minutes." The anticipation was agonizing, she had said that if I passed we would have sex again, but she said if I did well enough on the test to get a "C", it would be anal, however it wasn't the test that put me over, so I didn't know how strict she would be, but either way it was sure to be an amazing evening. She arrived soon after and we drove to a club that she liked. I admit it was a little more hip hop than I like, but I heard a few songs I enjoyed and more importantly with a date like her, who'd complain. She ordered a beer, but I've never cared for it so I got a mango vodka. We sat at a table with our drinks and she asked about my plans after graduation. I explained that I was going to transfer to a four year school. She showed interest, but I think she was just making small talk. Now why she felt the need I don't know, I had no delusions that this was anything more than sex and I couldn't imagine her feeling the need to lie to herself about that. Once we finished our drinks we stood to dance. I was quite certain that I made a fool of myself, but she only seemed mildly amused and insisted we keep dancing through three songs. We got refills and sat down.

"So how is this going to go?" She frowned as if deep in thought and when she spoke it was in a very serious tone.

"You mean when do you get to fuck me?"

"No, no, well not exclusively, I was just curious, it started looking like a date and...uh, well..." I trailed off as I realized I was babbling, however she burst out laughing.

"Your face, I'm only teasing. I get it you're thinking I'm sending mixed messages, all but saying this is just sex and tonight acting like this is a date. Let me make this clear, I'm not looking to date right now, but I do like sex. I have a few lovers and I'm always on the lookout for opportunities as I don't expect them to be at my beck and call. Now are you good, or will you need time after that second drink?" I shook my head.

"No. I can drink more before it really affects me." She nodded as she rose.

"Alright, let's go back to my place." She led me out to her car and she drove the short distance to her place. She lived in a reasonably nice apartment in one of the quieter districts, not doorman nice, but less than ten years old nice. She lived on the third floor. Once inside we only kissed briefly, which I assumed to be her way of signaling the lack of romance in the situation. I was hardly a virgin, but sex without a relationship was new to me. While I had enjoyed sex with her I doubted I would be making much of a habit of this sort of arrangement. We quickly undressed in our eagerness and she led the way to the bedroom. She stretched out on the bed and pointed the floor. I quickly sank to my knees, kneeling between her legs and lowered my head. I quickly kissed the thighs on either side of me, eliciting the tiniest of moans from her. She applied the slightest of pressures on the back of my head, which I took to be her signal that she wanted me to begin. Wasting no time I complied, however I did not immediately start sucking her clit. Instead I explored with my tongue, around the edges of her groin, but not moving any closer. Her response was to grip my head harder and to groan in a way that sounded like she was starting to become frustrated. This conclusion was further supported when she spoke.

"I know girls probably tell you to take your time, but quit teasing me." While not completely ignoring her I did not go for it at that point. However I did begin to lick and suck the lips of her pussy, her moans becoming more audible and if she had any further complaints it soon seemed that she was too out breath to voice them. But I soon shifted to sucking her clit and thrusting two fingers into her pussy. Alexa began moaning louder as her breathing quickened and the wetness of her pussy increased. She held tight and I focused on continued sucking and thrusting. I don't know how long it actually took, but sometime later she gripped harder and began shuddering as her orgasm hit. She rode it out for a short time before she released me and I sat on the floor. My jaw was feeling a bit stiff so I concentrated on working life back into it as her breathing slowed. When her breathing returned to normal I looked up and she rose to a sitting position looking down.

"Hmm, pretty good, for a boy, especially so young." She patted the bed beside her and I quickly joined her. She stroked my hard cock for a moment before shifting onto all fours to take my cock in her mouth. As before her expertise was clear as she used lips and tongue in unison to completely envelop me. If I hadn't already been completely hard I would have been within moments of her mouth opening to my cock. However before I could feel more than a mild tingling to indicate the approach of my own orgasm, she stopped. She sat up and moved to my lap and lowered herself onto me. She wasted no time in moving up and down with speed. As she leaned back into me and I took her breasts in my hands as I began to slowly kiss the back of her neck. Her moaning grew louder and I slowly felt her pussy tightening around my cock. Her movements increased and I gently pulled on her nipples as I sucked harder on her neck. Alexa only paused momentarily to turn around while I leaned back to lie down. She followed me down and wrapped her arms around my neck and continued to move up and down. Suddenly she took my right earlobe between her teeth. The sudden pain caused me to lunge up into her. She released my ear, only to cry into my ear as she came. She collapsed onto me as I collected myself, considering she had bit my ear. Pain had been within my sexual experience, but biting my ear was new. She didn't take long to sit up and climb off me. She grinned.
