 Since then she has stopped having sex with other men and we got married and sex became ordinary between us but she is still a very horny woman and wants sex all the time from me, which I am not complaining about. She has also put on a couple of kilos or so since we first started dating. However, I still have my kinky desires and although we have good sex I still hunger for the things she won't do. Up until the last 14 months I had still been having sex with men and wearing her lingerie when she was away. I have even had her wax all of my pubic hairs off so I was smooth as from my belly button to the top of my ass crack. 

I enjoy going to the nude beach and picking up men to service their cocks with either my mouth or my ass or both, or sometimes just to tease by asking them to put baby oil on my back and make sure they don't miss any spots, like my bum. I also like going to adult shops to try on men's g-strings and if the shop assistant is a guy which is nearly always they always seem to want to give me a hand or an opinion on how the garment looks on me and I always get hard and they can't help themselves and cop a feel of my big, smooth cock. But ever since we moved south, access to a nude beach or an adult shop has become non-existent and I really do miss it. 

I recently told my wife about me having sex with men and my love of wearing sexy women's panties and stockings, my desire for her and I to dress up in sexy suspender belt and panties with stockings and high heels and be sluts together sharing other men's cocks and cum between us, or a guy fucking me while I am fucking my wife, which she got upset over as she wants me to be normal and not a sissy or a fag. She doesn't want me having sex with men or wearing her lingerie. I also offered to buy a strap on so she could fuck my ass with, but she is not interested in that, or even fingering my ass either. And she won't take it up her ass either, as much as I would love to fuck her ass. I would love to watch her have sex with other men and also join her in sucking and fucking their hot hard cocks and milking them dry and then swapping their cum between us as we kissed and licked clean each others holes. Am I really a freak like she calls me or do other people enjoy the same kink as me? How do I get her to understand me and get into being kinky like me? I have read other stories on this site about the same sort of kink except I don't go for the humiliation bit, but I am sure they are all just fantasy and not real. She gets all shitty every time I try to talk about it with her and it upsets her that I think the way I do, but what do I do about my desires, how do I keep her happy and enjoy my fetishes? After all I still love my wife very much, but I am just a very sexual man who wants to enjoy more than ordinary sex. 

Well that's about where I am at, at the moment, wearing her lingerie when she isn't around and jerking off. I hope everyone who reads my story enjoys it as much as I have enjoyed writing it and in the future I might sit down and write out one of my fantasies and post it on this site although I don't think I am much of a writer but I try my best. Thanks to all the great comments I received off the first part of this story and I hope to get more positive feedback to boost my writing confidence. I would really like to hear from women that like their men to dress in women's lingerie and service other men's cocks together as a loving couple and not as a femdom that belittles their man by humiliating them, though I don't mind being called a slut or cocksucker. I think a woman's view might help my wife to understand better...maybe!