 Trying to park my problems, and after long discussions with both Chris and David, I was packed and ready for my week in Hungary. 

This was to be a week away with David, learning all about the way his pornography business operated. He had given me an outline during our meal at Birmingham airport, but I was unprepared for the scale of his organisation.

We were met, in the evening, at Budapest airport by a limousine, and driven some miles south, to what I can only describe as a mansion in the countryside with a pool, a lake, and numerous outbuildings. 

On arrival David showed me to my room, or should I say suite, with a balcony overlooking the lake. It was late, and he left me to 'settle in,' and said that we needed to have an early breakfast as it was going to be a full day.

I awoke at seven and showered, before going out onto the balcony to take in the view in the early morning sunlight. Breathing in the fresh air, I heard my iPad making that familiar 'face time' ringing tone. I fetched it from the bedside table,and saw that it was Chris calling, so I returned to the balcony and pressed 'accept.'

"Impressive isn't it Lucy?"

"Oh gosh Chris, it's pure luxury." Leaning on my elbows on the balustrade, I took in the size of the whole 'estate.'

Chris laughed, "David has worked very hard to achieve it all."

"I have indeed," came a voice from just behind me. 

David's face appeared over my shoulder in the little inset box at the top of my screen. Chris was propped up on her bed at home, dressed in a skimpy nightdress. 

"You look gorgeous darling, I'm missing you," David said standing close behind me.

"I'm missing you too Davy, and so is my pussy."

I felt quite embarrassed by this frank exchange of intimacy. 

"Well, it will have to wait until the weekend Chrissy, but let's not embarrass Lucy," he said chuckling.

It was at that moment that I was conscious of his body against my back, as I was leaning over my iPad, and he was straining to look over my shoulder.

Chris leaned forward to blow him a kiss into her screen. "I'll leave you two to get on, I've got to get Billy up and dressed."

As she switched off, David blew her a kiss back, and it was then that I felt his cock becoming hard against the towelling robe, covering my buttocks. When the screen went blank, instead of backing away, I felt him press slightly harder against me. Both of his hands gripped my hips, and when I said, "I think it's time for breakfast," I was guiltily hiding the fact that my pussy had instantly moistened.

"I think we can delay breakfast for a while, don't you Lucy? Ever since I watched your video I've wanted to see if you're as good 'in the flesh.' In this business we are used to having a liberal attitude."

I didn't know how to reply, except to say, "Chris wouldn't like it, I'm sure."

"She knows that we will 'do it' this week, we are quite free and easy about that, as long as we tell each other what's going on."

As David's words left his lips I felt his hand find it's way between my legs, and his fingers found the wetness of my pussy. I was shocked to find myself spreading my feet further apart as I leaned forward on my elbows. 

I could feel David tug open his bathrobe, and the hard tip of his cock was at first warm between the cheeks of my ass, and then suddenly it was sliding inside me. I had not realised quite how 'ready' I was for him. 

"Oh god, David, oh my gosh," was all I could say. I knew from seeing his video that his cock was quite sizeable, but as he slid inside me it took my breath away.

As he started to thrust he reached with one hand round to my clit and his fingers began, expertly, to circle my little bud, using the juices to maximum effect. 

It seemed quite strange to hear my cries in the open air, and I really didn't care if there was anyone else around. 

As soon as I started to cum David slowed to prolong my orgasm. As if on cue he was able to reach the critical point himself, and I felt the gush of his semen inside me, once, twice, three times, producing spurt after spurt. 

He held onto me for several minutes as we caught our breath, and then as he stepped away, great dollops of spunk dripped down onto the tiles of the balcony floor, before I could staunch the flow by pushing my bathrobe between my legs.

I turned and, guiltily, looked at him.

"I think that's a good thing Lucy, that we've broken the sexual tension between us. We can relax now, and get on with the week."

Again, I didn't quite know what to say, but I nodded, and we both went separately to our showers, before going down to breakfast.

"I will introduce you to the staff as we move around," said David, swallowing his last piece of toast. "The most important guy is Jared, my Aussie cameraman, he's my right hand man. He's my joint director both on and off set. All of the organisation is in two 'barns' in the woods over there." David pointed vaguely out of a side window in the kitchen. "Meet you back here in ten minutes, and we'll get going."

I was excited, but nervous at the same time. If I was in any doubt about how professional David's organisation was, it was dispelled that morning. As we walked through the wood the two barns came into sight with a car park in between. There were about twenty to thirty vehicles parked up, which indicated how large the workforce was. 

On entering, the reception area was furnished with leather sofas, chairs, indoor plants. A blonde girl behind a desk greeted us, and David introduced her as Olga. Passing through a security door, we entered a technical area, full of computers, screens, and editing consoles. Three guys were seated, and I caught glimpses of naked bodies on their screens as they continued their work.

In the next room there was another lounge, off of which were several rooms. 'Make up,' 'Medical,' 'Changing Rooms,' Admin Office.'

Waiting there, was a tall, bearded guy, whose accent gave him away as Jared, the cameraman. He was talking to two guys, and a very attractive blonde girl, with huge breasts, and it became obvious that these were 'porn' actors.

After brief introductions David took me out through another door, and along an enclosed corridor into what turned out to be the second barn. The temperature was very, very warm and it was in this building that the 'work' and filming took place.

There was a central area around which there were chairs, seats, tables scattered around. Then off this were numerous rooms, each with its own theme for filming. I saw into a few of them, a boudoir themed room, an office, which I vaguely recognised from David's video, a medical themed room, a dungeon with all the equipment, and another room that had what I recognised as a 'fucking machine' in.

"I want you to make yourself at home today Lucy, feel free to wander around, talk to anyone, I've told everyone who you are, just soak up the atmosphere, and ask questions!"

And David left to go back and talk to Jared.

I looked into a few more rooms, and just as I was about to get myself a coffee, the blonde 'porn' actress came through a door and said, "Hello, you must be Lucy." She spoke with an American accent, and was wearing just a loose fitting robe, flowing open in places. I could see her ample breasts, and her shaved pussy.

"Hello, I'm a bit overwhelmed I'm afraid, but pleased to meet you. I take it you're being filmed today?" 

"Yes, doing a 'threesome,' but just came in here to check over my scenes."

She could see me looking puzzled.

Laughing, she said, "We don't just fuck away, and make it up as we go along, it's all heavily scripted. It has to be broken down into sections, and be presented for different camera angles."

"I have a lot to learn," I was smiling.

Just then the two guys arrived, also dressed in bathrobes. They were followed by Jared, and David. The two men were laughing and joking and said, " Hi there Dolly, you ready to go?"

"You always were too eager Ben, I don't want you making a fool of yourself if I over excite you." Dolly gave a wry smile.

"You've worked with Lewis before haven't you Dolly? 

She continued the banter, and replied, "God yes, he brings me off quicker than you."

"Saucy bitch," was Ben's riposte, before he was cut short.

"Ok guys, can we get to it." It was David letting the three of them know that work was about to begin.

I followed David, Jared, Ben, Lewis, and Dolly into a room set up as a bedroom, complete with a brass bed. Waiting in the room were a very attractive middle aged make up artist, Viv, and a young camera man, Jack, about my age.

"Ok folks," shouted David, "the intro scenes we'll be doing this evening, this afternoon is all about the sex scenes. You've read the script, hopefully there won't be too many takes."

I began my education, in silence, and with my mouth half open in semi disbelief. 

All three stripped off, and I now understood why the building was kept so warm. Dolly started by kneeling between Ben and Lewis, taking their semi erect cocks into her mouth in turn, until she had them both as hard as iron. Ben then laid her back on the bed, and went down on her pussy, while Lewis was kneeling near her head, and she was taking his cock deep into her throat. 

Jared and the young camera man, Jack, were both in strategic positions to gain close ups of both Dolly's pussy and mouth. 

The room was beginning to be filled with the noises of the men encouraging Dolly with expletives, and also her groans of pleasure. 

After about five minutes David shouted, "Cut!" And the action strangely stopped. "Ok let's get to the next scene, before you guys lose anything." David obviously meant their erections!

Dolly was still on her back now relaxing, but smiling, and when David shouted, "Action," she was ready to be fucked. Her pussy had been nicely prepared by Ben's tongue and Jack was with his camera getting close ups of Ben's cock sliding into Dolly's pussy. Her cries lit up the room, and I couldn't stop myself becoming moist. I also couldn't help noticing Jack's trousers swelling.

After some time being fucked in both missionary and doggy by both Ben and Lewis, Dolly appeared to have an orgasm, I say 'appeared' because she seemed so good at acting it was difficult to tell. But then came the thing that excited me most.

After just a stoppage of a few seconds David said, "Ok let's go for the DP."

I knew what DP meant from something that David had said in his briefing to me on the plane.

Dolly mounted Ben who was laying on his back on the bed. Her ass was exposed with her legs splayed out, and Ben's cock deep inside her. Lewis than straddled Ben's legs and pressed the head of his cock against Dolly's puckered fundament. Slowly he pushed the tip inside. Dolly was shouting at the top of her voice, "Oh fuck, oh god you two, oh fuck, oh fuck."

Lewis's cock slid right in. Accompanied by Dolly's cries the two guys fucked her for a good five minutes with both Jared and Jack moving round their three torsos getting close ups of all features.

After another 'apparent' orgasm David shouted "Cut," once more before Ben and Lewis knelt either side of Dolly's head to get the final scene. 

Both timed it to perfection as they slid their hands up and down their cocks. Both began to cum, and with huge spurts covered two lines of spunk from Dolly's forehead down across her lips, and with her mouth open, she caught the second and third spurts straight onto her tongue, which she then showed great delight in poking out, before swallowing, and cleaning both cocks with a final sucking.

As soon as David shouted "Cut, " for the last time everyone relaxed in semi laughter, and clapping. I felt quite strained by the tension of watching it all, not to say aroused, but I was hoping no one else recognised that.

Both Ben and Lewis came over to me, still naked and with their cocks still damp from sex. "What did you think Lucy?" Ben said, smiling slightly, and enjoying my embarrassment. 

"It was quite an experience," I replied nonsensically. "But you all put in a great performance."

"Well you never know you might see us again," Lewis added putting on his bathrobe.

I smiled as everyone began to leave the room. 

On his way out David said, "You have a wander round the place Lucy, and I'll see you back at the house, and we'll get some dinner, don't rush, I'm going to be another couple of hours yet."

I wandered down the corridor, and came to the room I'd seen earlier, with its strange fucking machine in. Looking both ways I crept inside and was studying the machine, trying to work out how it was used when a voice behind me made me leap out of my skin. 

"Would you like to try it out?" The voice was Jack's with a slight tinge of sarcasm. 

I went a deep shade of red, "Oh my god, I'm sorry Jack I didn't realise anyone else was here."

"Well my question was, do you want to try it out?" He smiled broadly this time and came and stood beside me.

"Stop it, I would never dare." I tried to lighten the mood. "And especially in public."

"Well it's not public here, tell you what, have you ever seen, or used a Sybian?"

Of course I'd heard of them, and even seen a clip on you tube. Jack turned and pulled a sheet from what I thought was a table beside him. It did, in fact, reveal a Sybian.

"There you go, I dare you to try it out, I won't tell and it's all quiet down here, go on. You're involved in this industry now, why not have some fun in private."

I don't know what made me so brave, maybe it was Jack's winning smile, or the sexual tension of the last couple of hours, but I found myself saying, "Go on then, but I'm trusting you to not say anything, and if I say stop you will?" 

"Yes sure, I'll take it slow, you don't have to get undressed, just take your knickers off."

I turned my back, and pulling up my dress slid my panties down, and stepped out of them. I saw Jack glance at them as I put them on a nearby chair.

"Ok, you have to sit astride it, with this inside you." Jack pointed to the dildo-like thing sticking upwards. It wasn't too large, and I was still quite wet from watching the previous action. I backed over it, and with my dress covering my 'bits' I lowered myself down. Suppressing a sigh as the dildo entered me, I relaxed. The ribbed rubber part was against my clit, and I started to panic a bit in my head, as I realised Jack was 'in charge.'

"Right, we'll start slowly, just enjoy." Jack's voice was calm and reassuring.

With my two hands resting on the front of the machine, I was in the classic 'riding a horse' position.

Jack had the remote and was seated beside me. The gentle vibrating started, and I heard myself go, "Hmmmm."

Gradually, I found myself adjusting my body to get the most 'feeling' and I started to make a moaning sound which seemed distant from me. When I loudly came out with, "Oh my god Jack," I knew I was not going to hold back.

Jack was increasing the speed incrementally, and studying my face. He was playing me like an instrument. Slow, faster, slowing, then faster again. My fingers gripped the leather machine, my eyes closed. "Goddddd! Oh god, oh fuck, I'm cumming!"

The end came suddenly, I shuddered, and at first I was swearing, and then I was laughing, as the orgasm ended, and Jack turned the machine off. I couldn't stop giggling, and Jack laughed too, as he helped me up.

My legs were shaking, my knees sagged, and Jack caught me before I ended up on the floor. I clung to his shoulders, and hauled myself up, and found myself clutching him to me. My face was inches from his, and I could feel his cock beneath his jeans. I was caught in the moment, my orgasm seconds before, had raised all my senses. We kissed, and the kiss went on and on. 

Without a word said, Jack eased me towards one of the many benches, and turned me round. Compliantly, I bent over, face down, as Jack lifted my dress. I heard him unzip himself, and I spread my feet further apart as I felt the head of his cock slide inside me.

"Oh Jack, that feels so good, god just fuck me."

Jack was rock hard, and after watching me 'cum' on the Sybian he wanted his own satisfaction. Grunting, groaning, and pulling me onto him, he rushed towards his climax. I really was taken by surprise when I started to cum a second time. As my pussy convulsed, it brought him off too, his cock spunking deep in my cunt.

"Lucy, I'm so sorry, that wasn't supposed to happen. Please don't tell David or Jared, I'll get the sack. Really it's so unprofessional."

I was a little taken aback, "Look Jack, of course not, it was just a moment we both gave in to our feelings, don't worry."

"Thank you, thank you so much."

We both kissed briefly, and made our way back to the outside. I said we'd be discreet about what had happened, and I went back to my room and showered. I was beginning to realise an awakening, a sexual awakening, and wondering where it would take me.