 Part 1 would be good to set the scene.

My Sunday afternoon 'fun' video with John had been pirated when his laptop and hard drive were stolen. Eventually I had received an email from a foreign address with some explicit photos, and then another from someone called 'Chris.' It began a chain of events that was to change my life from a fresh young teacher to something so far removed...

——————————-—-

I was very much a 'novice' at parents' evenings. Being a new teacher I was nervous, but the added pressure of the unknown emailer made me have a sleepless night, wondering if he would reveal himself. I dreaded it.

Preparation is always key for a teacher, and I had both answers, and data ready on my class of nine year olds. Gritting my teeth, the first parents arrived, and soon I was in full flow, and rather enjoying telling the mums and dads about their 'little ones.'

Halfway through the evening Mr Russell arrived on his own, apologising that his wife was working. I swallowed hard, and avoiding eye contact I nervously began to tell him about his daughter. Was this the one? Very soon I realised that this was not my emailer. All the while I was assuming the next appointment was going to be 'it.'

By nine o'clock there was only one more set of parents to see. Had I got it wrong? I'd seen everyone apart from Billy Gibson's mum and dad who were the last ones. When Mrs Gibson came in and sat down I relaxed knowing that whoever 'Chris' was, he wasn't coming tonight.

Mrs Gibson was anxious to know if Billy was progressing with his reading. He had a 'below average' reading age, but had come on in leaps and bounds, and it felt great to pass on the good news to her. It was partly due to extra 'one to one' reading practice I had given to him during lunchtimes.

"I'm so grateful for you being so flexible with your time Lucy."

The word 'flexible' sent a shiver down my spine. When I remembered the email, and the reference to my body position in the photo I stuttered, "I'm really pleased that Billy's making progress, Mrs Gibson."

"Call me Chris, Lucy, I'm sure we can use first names in the circumstances."

"It's you, isn't it?" and my voice croaked.

Chris smiled, "Your secret is safe with me," and then after a pause added, "for the moment."

The blood had drained from my face, as I looked down at the papers in front of me. Chris was about ten years older than me, in her mid thirties, blonde, tall, with an ample cleavage, expensively dressed, but a cutting voice which commanded respect.

"I think you ought to come to dinner with me and David on Saturday. Get to us for 7.30pm, and we can discuss our circumstances." 

With a heavy accent on the word 'circumstances' Chris stood up and left, her high heels clicking across the classroom floor.

At home that evening I cried, I was so mixed up, confused, I had no one to turn to. I had no immediate family to confide in. I was an only child, and both parents were killed in a tragic car accident two years ago. I knew that my naked images were lurking in cyberspace and that Chris and David Gibson were going to use them against me in some way.

I got through the next day, a Friday, and spent the evening demolishing a bottle and a half of Shiraz. I knew Saturday would be walking into the unknown, but I really couldn't have expected the way it would turn out. 

I arrived by taxi at the Gibson's at just before 7.30pm, dressed in a reasonably formal black dress which wasn't too provocative. Chris greeted me at the front door with two kisses and as though we were old friends. She was dressed in a low cut sleek black number, and laughed at the fact we were both in black. As I was shown into the lounge her husband David, who I'd never met, was pouring three glasses of champagne. He was over six feet tall, tousled hair with large horn rimmed glasses. He wore an open necked shirt and light coloured slacks.

"Come in Lucy, welcome. Have a glass of bubbly."

As I took the glass, my hand shook nervously, as I was thinking about David watching me screw John in the video.

"Thank you, it's nice to meet Billy's dad."

"Yes I've heard great things about you from both Billy and Chris. I'm sorry I couldn't get to parents' evening, I was working in Hungary this week, and only got back this morning."

"Oh that's ok, it's always difficult for both parents to get there, may I ask what you do?" 

I was beginning to relax slightly, and had already taken two large gulps of champagne. But when David replied lots of connections started to occur in my mind, and he watched to see my reaction to what he said.

"I'm in the film industry, I make short films in Europe, both advertising, and some client based freelance work."

I stuttered, "Ah, that must be very interesting, and the travel must be enjoyable." 

It was clear both he and Chris were enjoying my slight discomfort.

"But let's not talk about work, either of us. Billy's at his grandparents tonight, and the night is young, let's eat and have some more wine."

We sat down, fairly formerly, at the table with some piano jazz playing softly on the sound system. Chris had prepared an Italian themed meal, with David supplying a choice of wines. As I ate and drank, the conversation became easier, and I almost forgot about the reason I'd been asked there. When Chris said, "So Lucy, tell me how it all happened," I knew that this was crunch time.

Nervously, I told the story of my afternoon with John, and how he had had his laptop and hard drive stolen. I said that we'd broken up, and that I was horrified when I'd got first the email with photos and then Chris's email. I was so frightened about school finding out.

"I think I should come clean about my business Lucy. Let's go and relax in the lounge."

A little unsure, I sat with Chris on the sofa, while David sat opposite in an armchair. 

He continued, "I told you that I was a freelance film maker. Well that's true, but my most profitable part of the business is pornography." There was a moment of hushed silence with just the background music playing.

"That was how I was offered the video of you. Coincidentally, Chris watched it and recognised you."

I sat in silence, not sure how to react. I fidgeted slightly before asking, "You still have the video?"

"Yes, but im not sure if it's been passed around, I have the sole rights now, but you never can tell I'm afraid."

I wanted to sigh with relief, but it was obvious even David wasn't sure. I was quickly realising David was somewhat of a 'player' in his field.

He laughed softly, "Let me show you one of my productions, it may surprise you. I hope you're not too embarrassed by porn."

Picking up a 'remote' from the table, the screen on the wall lit up, and the title of 'Sophie meets Lizzie' was overlaid on the scene showing the back view of a naked woman in a luxurious bedroom, looking out of french doors onto a garden.

From the title I quickly understood that this was about two women, a lesbian porn video. And then to my amazement another blonde woman entered the bedroom, and approached the other woman. It was Chris. Her body looked fabulous. I quickly glanced in her direction, and realised she was studying my face to see my reaction. She smiled as my gaze returned to the screen. Chris, or 'Sophie' kissed the other woman, 'Lizzie' and directed her towards the bed. As Lizzie lay back, Sophie lowered her head between her legs, and started to lick her pussy. Cutting to close up shots, it showed sucking, licking and the sounds of both women enjoying their pleasure and it really began to arouse me. I suddenly was conscious of my heart beating faster, and I felt my pussy moistening.

I was staring intently as Lizzie started to cum. Her whole body shook, and her cries added to the eroticism. 

When Lizzie pushed Sophie back on the bed, and the close up shots showed her fingers holding Sophie's labia apart, and stroking her clit I glanced at Chris again. This time she was watching herself on screen, and her tongue flicked out to moisten her lips.

David's eyes were passing from the screen then back to his wife, and then to me.

After several minutes Sophie began to cum, and she was very loud as her body convulsed. I was transfixed by watching her on screen, and I didn't react when I felt Chris's hand under my dress, and stroking the bare skin above my hold ups.

I must have moaned, and closed my eyes as her fingers slid under the hem of my panties and touched my clit. She moved closer, and I felt her kissing my neck, as her fingers, lubricated by my pussy juices, massaged my clit. Expertly she took me beyond any self control. I gave my mouth to her as we kissed, and as I opened my thighs wider, I started to cum.

I opened my eyes and I saw David smiling. I felt totally relaxed as he pressed the remote again. This time the titles displayed the words, 'The Job Interview.' Chris was leaning against me with her head on my shoulder, and she murmured quietly to me, "Tell me what you think of this one Lucy."

The scene opened with a young girl in her twenties waiting to be called into an office for interview. As she entered the office the man behind the desk stood up and walked round to greet her. It was David!

The video followed the tried and tested porn formula of the interviewee/woman unzipping the man, and on her knees taking him in her mouth. His cock went from a flaccid penis to a large, thick rod of flesh, becoming slick, and glistening from her saliva. With judicious editing, the video moved to where she was bent over the desk, and David was thrusting his cock deep inside her. She cried out in rhythm to his thrusts, and after several changes of camera angle, the woman seemed to have first one orgasm, followed by another.

As the video finished with David spurting copious amounts of semen into her open mouth and over her face, he pressed the remote saying, "Well we've watched the two of us, now shall we take a look at you."

Even with being inebriated my blood ran cold. As it started I was surprised when I saw proper titles like the two productions before. It said, 'A Sunday Afternoon.' But then it became obvious that the raw footage taken by John had had a 'makeover.' Although much poorer quality than the others, parts of it had been enhanced, and it had enlarged close ups.

I shrank deeper into the sofa as Chris took my hand. 

For the next fifteen minutes I didn't know whether to hide my eyes or watch. I actually couldn't drag my eyes away. Although I'd watched it a couple of times that Sunday afternoon, this had been edited, enhanced, and improved. Was it really me taking John's cock into my throat, gagging, then going back for more? Was it me pushing my pussy down onto his face as I deep throated him? Somehow there were fairly close up shots as I sat upright on his face, my eyes closed as I was cumming, with my saliva dribbling from my mouth onto my boobs.

Then John was fucking me in every conceivable position. It was so embarrassing to hear my voice, and what I was saying.

"Fuck me John."

"Fuck me harder."

"Oh god, don't stop."

"Shit, I'm cumming."

All those and more were shouted out loud, and apart from the cries, moans, and gasps, John brought me off twice. And then I was sucking on his cock once more, and the spunk spewing out over my lips, and down my chin, before it showed me catching it on my fingers, and licking it into my mouth. 

David looked over at me when it had finished, and for the first time that evening looked serious, and slightly menacing.

"I've a proposition for you. I think with your intellect and your obvious good looks you might have a future in our business. Chris and myself have been looking for sometime for a younger, go getting, partner to liaise between our many 'porn actors,' their agents, and the production side of things. Having seen your 'accidental' debut that is threatening your present job it may be something that interests you. A change of career which would bring travel, a car, and a salary twice what you're getting now. Don't be fooled by our humble semi detached house here, we have two other properties, one in Florida, and one in Hungary."

David paused, and Chris continued, "I know you would miss teaching the kids, but this would bring a totally different lifestyle, and who knows what will happen if another parent, or your 'head' sees your video."

I looked stunned and confused.

"Lucy, sleep on it, I know all this is a bit sudden, but me and Chris have discussed this ever since the video came into our hands. Look, use our spare bedroom, sleep over, and it may be clearer in the morning. We've not got to pick Billy up until after lunch."

I was silent, there was so much to take in, but the video I'd just watched was lurking in the background. I really did need time to think and somewhat reluctantly agreed to sleep over.

I awoke early, despite a thick head. The dawn chorus was in full swing and as I lay there in that half haze of waking up I was aware of sounds from the bedroom across the landing. Chris and David were having early morning sex. 

I tried to block it out, all the time images from their two videos coming into my mind. Chris was being very vocal, and at one point there was something rhymically banging against the wall. Finally it stopped and I dozed off again, only to be woken by Chris bringing me a mug of tea.

"I hope we didn't disturb you earlier, David was being a bit insistent and I got carried away."

"No, I didn't hear you at all," I lied.

"Oh thank goodness, anyway here's a change of clothes, some leggings, and a blouse to wear, use the main bathroom, the towels are in there. I'm going down to have a bit of breakfast but don't rush. David's still in bed, he shouldn't disturb you, he's gone back to sleep after his 'exertions.' See you in a bit."

I showered, still contemplating the events of the previous evening, and the offer of a career change. It was all so much to take in.

Having breakfast with Chris was a moment of calm. Her and David had obviously had a further discussion, and they had decided to offer me a trial.

"David wants you to spend your half term week shadowing him, and seeing if you would want to make the 'leap' to a new career. We are well aware the original video of you and John is still out there, so we thought you may want to keep some options open."

I was still filled with dread as Chris dropped me back home, and my worst fears were to be realised the following week.

I was called into Mrs Willis's office at the end of the day on the Thursday. I knew immediately that I saw her face, it may be terminal. The short version was that a parent had found clips of my video on the internet. I was suspended, sent home, until an inquiry by the governors had taken place.

The very next day Chris phoned me, and invited me round for coffee. I decided that I needed to get out of the flat, and I accepted her invitation. I was feeling very low, and I was just glad that I had someone to talk to.

"So it's happened, I'm so sorry Lucy. I know you half expected it and although we gave your video a makeover it's never gone online. Someone, who originally stole it, has passed it on. I found the website, and it's based in China."

We chatted about what might happen next, including the possibility of going to the police. I found out a week later that John had actually done that. But that part of the story was yet to unfold.

I was in a mess. Chris was persuading me that I had nothing to fear from her, and David, and I was grateful for a shoulder to lean on.

Finally, I decided I needed to do something, and what harm could it do to shadow David for a week, and see what I was potentially getting into.

And so the die was cast.