 I didn't see David at breakfast, but I knew it was going to be a busy day. I dressed quite formally, and arrived at the 'Barns' by 10am.

I was met by Olga, who in turn introduced me to Jan, who was dressed in a nurses' uniform. We went into the medical room, and sat round a table to discuss our role that day. We had to go through the 'paperwork' that the guys brought with them, in other words check the authenticity of the 'tests' they'd had within the last 48 hours. Occasionally it meant a phone call, but usually the clinics used were 'bona fide' and the paperwork was familiar. The fun part was that we got to check out the guys as they arrived!

Within half an hour the first guy arrived. Jake was six foot plus, muscular, with dark brown hair and brown eyes, not my type but handsome.

Alan arrived next, dirty blond hair, stocky, with a lovely smile. Tempting!

Rufus and Gayle arrived together, both black guys, Rufus with dreadlocks, Gayle with a shaved head, they were definitely my type, dark and foreboding.

Finally, Robby and Jules arrived, both looked incredibly young, but their papers showed they were both nineteen. 

There were meant to be seven guys, but one had cried off, which, apparently, was not unusual.

Once they were all checked out, they relaxed in the lounge, and David arrived to brief them all. It was at that point that Jan offered them sildenafil tablets, and without exception they all took them. Strangely my body was reacting in anticipation.

Separately, Tatiana had been in the make up room with Viv. When she entered the lounge, dressed in a satin robe, there was almost an audible intake of breath from the six guys. She was tall, blonde, with 38dd boobs, and broad hips. Even I had to conceal my appreciative sigh.

David introduced her to everyone, and then proceeded to outline the storyline, which was pretty rudimentary. Basically five of the guys are sitting around a lounge set, relaxing and chatting. Tatiana, dressed in skimpy dress, thong, and heels, is brought in by the other guy and introduced, and then two of them undress her and the sex begins.

I was watching Tatiana's face, because I knew that before the action began, she would have a five minute interview, on camera, where she would be asked about what was coming up. 

When David had briefed everyone, he took Tatiana into a small studio, beckoning me to follow. Tatiana slipped off her bathrobe, revealing her red, skin tight, jersey dress, nipples hard against the fabric, and she sat upright, on the high stool in front of the camera.

"So are you looking forward to making this video?"

"I've had threesomes, and I've always wanted to try more," replied Tatiana, in her broken English. She continued, "I find I can orgasm easily, so I'm waiting to see if many men can give me lots." She laughed nervously.

"You realise that you will be videoed from every conceivable angle, and you and the men will be 'directed' if we need you to change position etc."

"Yes that was explained to me."

"If there's anything that happens that you're not happy with, we will stop." David was calm and reassuring. "So are you ready?"

"Yes, let's go."

I'm not sure how Tatiana was feeling inside, but my mouth was dry with excitement. I followed her, and David back out to where everyone else was gathered. Five of the men were sent into the studio set, and got seated on the sofas and chairs. Jared and Jack were already in there with their cameras and lights. Viv was there too, and we exchanged a nod.

As soon as David had checked that everyone knew how it would all begin, the action started.

Alan, the blond guy, brought Tatiana into the studio, his arm around her waist, and giggling, she sat down between him and Rufus on the sofa. All of the guys were muttering appreciatively of Tatiana, and how she looked. Rufus immediately started to stroke her thighs, and his hand slid upwards revealing her pussy, barely covered by her thong. Alan had pulled the top of her jersey dress down, and began to suck at first one breast, and then the other. 

Tatiana was rubbing Rufus's cock through his trousers, and it looked rather large. She quickly slid to her knees on the floor and unzipped him. His black cock raised itself, and my mouth must have been dropping open in surprise. As Tatiana took it into her mouth, Alan had followed her onto the floor behind her, and had stripped off her dress, and pulled off her thong, until she was entirely naked. As she bent over Rufus's cock, her head bobbing up and down, Alan slid his cock inside her pussy.

Jared's camera was concentrating on Tatiana sucking Rufus, while Jack was videoing Alan's cock fucking her pussy. Meanwhile, the other guys had stripped off, and were slowly stroking their cocks to maintain their erections. 

Tatiana broke off from her blowjob, and was thrusting her hips back against Alan as he pounded into her. Within a couple of minutes she started to cum, her cries filling the studio. Alan withdrew and Gayle replaced him. Gayle's cock was massively thick and when he pushed it into Tatiana's cunt we heard her shout, "Fuck, that's big, oh my god," but then she was pushing against it, enjoying being stretched wide.

One of the younger guys, Jules was now being sucked by Tatiana, as she was getting into the rhythm with Gayle. I guess he was relatively inexperienced, because suddenly he shouted that he was cumming. Almost as though he was trying to prevent the inevitable, he took his cock from Tatiana's mouth, just as he started to cum. His cock was spurting all over her face, as almost embarrassed, he pushed it back into her mouth. 

Tatiana finished swallowing the semen in her mouth, and on his cock, and her tongue licked whatever she could reach around her lips, as she started to cum again. Gayle seemed to be carried along with that, as he pushed his cock deep into her cunt, and held it there. From his face we knew he was pumping Tatiana's pussy full of cum.

As he withdrew, the camera zoomed to a close up of Tatiana's dribbling pussy lips, just as Rufus replaced Gayle, and started to fuck her even more speedily. The whole scene had, suddenly, become more frenetic, as first Rufus came, and then Jake took his turn, and made her cum yet again. 

I was mesmerised by the whole thing, the studio was full of cries from Tatiana, and the grunting of first Jake, then Alan, and finally Robby, shooting his load over her boobs, as he withdrew from her leaking pussy.

When all of the guys had finally cum, the camera spent some time doing close ups of Tatiana's pussy, and the semen dripping in pools, onto the leather sofa.

When it was over, Tatiana disappeared to shower, and had a final interview with David in front of camera.

"So what did you think of it Tatiana?" he asked.

"Oh my god, it was fantastic, I so enjoyed it, I must have cum six or seven times," was her reply.

"Would you do it it again.?"

"In a heartbeat, I hope so." And it was obvious from her smile, that she meant it.

When David had completed the interview, and all the guys had left, I was able to talk to Tatiana over a coffee. It was a surpring conversation, as I had not expected her to be so frank and honest with me, clearly someone she didn't know well.

It turned out that she was extremely well educated, from a well to do Russian family, but they had disowned her, because of a scandal with a local, married politician. He was linked to some criminal organisations, and she had been drawn into pornography. However, she took the bold step of going to London, and through a mutual contact David had given her a 'contract' to do ten films. The gangbang today was the first.

After we'd been chatting for some time, David interrupted, and suggested that the three of us have dinner that evening. Tatiana looked really pleased and David suggested she and I go on ahead, and he'd be back in an hour or so.

Back at the house Tatiana used my room and showered again. She brought a small suitcase and had a lovely summer print dress. I followed her into the shower and while we were drying off, and chatting, we found we got along really well. I told her about my trial week and when I was undressed she saw my half naked body and what she said surprised me.

"With your body you ought to make a few videos."

She saw the look of horror on my face. "That's how I got here!"

I explained my situation, and how my video was put online, and my teaching job threatened. And how I was contemplating working for David and Chris if this week was successful.

I was sitting on a stool at the dressing table in only my bra and panties, when Tatiana came over and stood behind me. She was naked, and I was looking at the reflection of her boobs in the mirror when she leaned over me. I could feel the heat from her body as she pressed against me and whispered in my ear. "I'd love to make a video with you."

Her lips kissed my neck, and I couldn't help half turning, and offering my mouth to hers. Her tongue jousted with mine, before I turned on the stool and stood up. Her large breasts pressed against my bra which I felt her unhooking and the sensation of her hardened nipples were prompting a similar reaction in mine. I was getting carried along and was finding my body reacting. 

Suddenly Tatiana pulled away, looking at me with a sort of breathless desire.

"I want you, but later. David will be here soon."

"Stay the night with me," was my reply. I found myself wanting her too.

Stepping back we heard David moving around downstairs. Quickly we dressed, and went downstairs to meet him.

"Ok you girls, you seem to be getting on well, let's go and eat, my treat."

David drove us to an exclusive restaurant in the countryside, a little way out of Budapest. I guess he enjoyed having other customers giving admiring looks of not only two attractive girls, but the fact that they were with him. 

During the meal the conversation changed from just small talk to more work related stuff and what videos were coming up for Tatiana. I went puce when Tatiana suddenly suggested that I ought to have a go at being in one.

"Tatiana you really are terrible, I thought you were joking when we had that conversation."

"Oh, so you've talked about it, you two. Well Lucy has some big decisions to make over te coming weeks. I'm probably going to offer her a job assisting me, but she certainly has potential."

David cast a 'knowing look' in my direction, and winked. I looked down at my plate, blushing even more.

When it came time to go, I felt distinctly awkward when I suggested that Tatiana 'slept over' instead of going back to her flat.

"Yes, of course, you two seem like best 'mates' already. Perhaps there's the promise of a 'girl on girl' video coming up." David chuckled as he paid the bill.

In the back of the car Tatiana lost no time in stroking my thighs and breasts, out of vision of David driving. By the time we arrived back at the house I was so hot, and aroused, that I was frightened there would be a damp patch on my dress.

"Goodnight you girls, don't be too naughty, you need your beauty sleep." David had a smirk as Tatiana followed me up to my room. 

As soon as we shut the door we were both hurriedly undressing each other, our kisses taken breathlessly as we stumbled towards the bed. 

"Are you sure Tatiana, you've had a long session today, you must be exhausted."

"Lucy I want you, don't worry you will be making me cum in a very few minutes."

And so it was. My mouth moved from hers to the large rubbery nipples now hard and as I went from one to the other I felt her body shivering beneath me. It was a first for me because as I sucked one with my mouth and squeezed the other between thumb and forefinger, Tatiana started to cum. I'd hardly touched her but as soon as she stopped shaking she flipped me onto my back and straddled my face. Her head went down between my legs and I felt the soft but urgent licking of her tongue. I was just as aroused as she had been and muffled by her pussy against my mouth I started to groan out loud. Within seconds I had a completely new feeling, I started to squirt and felt liquid ejecting into Tatiana's face. 

We both fell side by side onto the damp bed, I was saying, "I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, that's never happened before."

Tatiana laughed out loud, "Oh my god you're so made for porn."

Eventually we swapped into the other bed in the room and fell asleep in each other's arms.

In the morning it was my last day in Hungary, and I was due to catch the early afternoon plane back to East Midlands. David was stopping on for twenty four hours but Chris was due to meet me at the airport, which was cool because I needed to reassure myself that she was happy to have me working alongside her and her husband.

It was with some trepidation I was travelling home, and ditching my teaching career. The past week had been a whirlwind and I'd had more 'sex' than in the last three years. But given the possible disciplinary implications I was happy to make the 'leap.'

Chris was waiting, smiling, at the arrivals gate, and greeted me with a hug and a kiss.

"I gather you've had a very full week?" she said, pointedly. "Well I'm glad you're going to be working with us, you won't regret it."

I wondered briefly about that, as I put my suitcase into the boot of Chris's Audi. 

As we drove off Chris seemed really pleased, putting her hand on my thigh as she drove onto the M1. I wondered if she was making a pass, but my mouth dropped open when she said, "How do you like your new car?"

I gave her a very puzzled look, and before I could utter any words she continued, "This is yours, it comes with the job. David's been so pleased with you, that he phoned home to arrange this. He wants you to come round to dinner tomorrow night, and we can thrash out some of the 'responsibilities' and you can tell me what you got up to this week!" 

When she saw my face she added, "Oh don't worry, I know what David's like, and I did see him fucking you on FaceTime." I blushed bright red, I seemed to be doing that a lot, but I kept quiet.

Chris drove us to hers, and gave me the keys, and said she would see me the following evening. I drove the long way home, and felt like a princess in a car that I wasn't sure which buttons worked what. But reality struck, when I got in to a pile of letters, bills, and an answerphone that was full of messages. I buried my head in the sand, and ignored everything, pouring some wine, and going to soak in the bath which seemed a good idea for then.

I slept in the next day, and went out for a long drive in my new car, getting some shopping on the way back. I had to be at David and Chris's for 7.30pm. I'd already made the decision to write out my formal resignation from my teaching job, which was sad, because I'd worked so hard to get those qualifications. However, I'd rationalised lots of things, and the company car was just a sample of what was to come.