 The following day, I woke after a long sleep. I walked still naked to the window, and saw Joanne pull into her drive, judging by the time she must have just taken the kids to school but then I saw her five year old get out too. He must have been ill or something but I didn't care. I got my mobile and sent Joanne a text, MY HOUSE 5 MINUTES... it read, knowing that she would have trouble, it was no surprise I received a text back soon after saying that her youngest was feeling poorly so she had to look after him all day. Deciding to stretch my power, I replied again, MY HOUSE, NOW. To my surprise there was a knock at the door a few minutes later. Still naked, I put a dressing gown on and opened the door. 

"Joanne, come in, sorry about the short notice, I just wanted to ask your advise about this project I'm doing. You're not busy are you?" I asked knowingly as she stood in my porch with her son. To be fair the kid did look quite drowsy. She gave me a sharp glare and came in. We sat in my living room, and I put on the cartoon network channel on the TV. 

"Can I ask you to look at something in the kitchen Joanne? It's just some project for college," I lied again, smiling at her.

"Ok... Danny, do you mind just watching the cartoons for a little bit whilst mummy helps Mr. Cole in the kitchen with his project?" 

"Please, call me Jonathan. Dan flick the channels if you get bored of this." I said as I walked into the kitchen. Joanne followed me, and I shut the door behind us. 

"What the fuck are you doing?" she growled at me.

"I'm doing what the fuck I want, you little bitch." I responded quickly, as I slapped her. This sending a chill through her body, and she remembered she had to do what I said. Without wasting much time I forcefully spun her around, pushed her over the sink and pulled her jeans and panties to her knees. I swiftly parted my dressing gown and drove my hard dick into her, slapping my balls against her ass. She instinctively let out a low moan, and grabbed onto the taps. I couldn't spread her legs wider as her jeans were only half way down, but I didn't care. I grabbed her hair, and started drilling my bitch from behind. My 'project' that hadn't been discussed yet was still in motion. What Joanne had failed to notice was the video camera a couple of feet to the side of us on the kitchen table. I had put shopping bags around it to try and conceal it, but it wasn't exactly hidden. The best part was it was recording and facing the sink.

"You love my hard dick in you don't you, you love the thought that you kid is just in the next room." I whispered into her ear before biting it. This only got her to thrust back harder. I slapped her ass and pulled harder on her hair.

"Yes I do, fuck me whilst I should be caring for him," she replied. I slowed down my pace and pulled my cock out of her pussy but for the head. Teasing her cunt, I leaned over her and nibbled her ear lobe. 

"Do you want me to fuck you Joanne? Do you want my hard dick in your wet pussy?" I whispered.

"Mmm yea... Please just pound my pussy harder than ever. Fuck me harder than Mick ever can I need it" she moaned. This is the first time she had mentioned Mick during sex and to say the least it excited me. I began to thrust my cock deep into her pussy.

"Do you like being my bitch?" I said as I slapped her ass.

"Fuck...Oh I need to be your bitch and nobody else's... I'm your slave," she whispered in between breaths. Still not wanting to let her son in the next room hear her get fucked, let alone by their neighbour, she continued to thrust her hips back to meet my strokes. In all this excitement I was getting close to cumming. I grabbed her right butt cheek with my right hand, and pulled as hard as I could on her hair with my left as I continued to destroy her cunt. The force of my thrusts against her hips caused a loud slapping noise. 

"I'm cumming, cum in my womb," she moaned in a husky whisper. I was just about at my limit too, so with one last thrust I shot jet after jet of scolding semen deep into my neighbours pussy. I couldn't move for a few minutes but as my cock became soft and slipped out her pussy I did my dressing gown up, and turned her to me so I could talk.

"I'm going to have a quick wash, stay in here and get yourself cleaned up," I said as I walked out. As I went through the lounge Dan was asleep on the sofa, so I quickly got changed, and went back into the kitchen. 

"Change of plan, the kiddo is out cold, so take him back to yours and I'll be over soon," I said to Joanne as she looked at her watch. 

"You can't, Mick will be home in about 10 minutes to collect his sandwiches, and I haven't even done made them for him yet." I grinned and hurried her out. She picked up her sleeping son and I rushed her over to her place. 

"Get him into bed quickly, what does Mick have in his sandwiches?" I asked promptly, as I urged her up the stairs.

"Erm, whatever is in the cupboard" she replied confused, but taking her kid up to bed. I rushed into the kitchen, and tried to think what to make, when I saw Dan's lunch box on the counter. Brilliant I thought, I opened it up, and put the sandwiches on the work surface. I then ran back upstairs, grabbed Joanne into the bathroom and locked the door. 

"When Mick asks, tell him Dan is ill and you haven't had time to do anything but have left him Dan's sandwiches," I said as we both laughed. I heard the front door open and quickly turned the shower on. 

"Strip!" I said abruptly and without having to tell her again Joanne started taking her clothes off until she stood before me in all her naked beauty. "Undress me!" I again said abruptly, this time Joanne again started to comply, this time with a cheeky smile on her face. 

With both of us naked, and Mick's footsteps coming up the stairs, we got into the steamy shower. I again entered her, this time standing up. I lowered by head to her voluptuous tits. As I took one in my mouth Mick knocked on the door.

"Jo? What's going on?" He asked confused, as I bit her right nipple. 

"Erm, nothing Mick, I've literally been swept off my feet all morning...Dan's been ill so I brought him home, and Jonathan from next door wanted help with some big project" she said emphasising the 'big', as she contracted he pussy lips around my dick whilst pulling my head deeper into her ample breasts. I sucked hard giving her numerous love bites on her tits.

"How the hell would you have been able to help him with one of his brainy college projects?" he said in a rude way. This pissed me off so I started moving my cock in and out of his wife's pussy whilst he talked to her from the other side of the bathroom door. 

"What's that supposed to mean you asshole?" she replied back angrily, between breaths. I continued to slowly increase the pace of my thrust. 

"Oh nothing you silly bitch, just that why would some brainy college stud want anything from someone like you" Mick responded harshly, this pissing me off too far. I inserted my index finger into her ass whilst covering her mouth to hush her moan. She adjusted to the finger up her ass as well as her dark pink tits that were covered in love bites, not to mention the hard dick she had up her pussy. 

"Fuck you Mick... I'm not your bitch; at least he appreciated my help... Take you sandwiches and piss off" she struggled with the words as I was fucking her. It went quiet, and shortly after, the door slammed and we heard Mick's tires screech as he drove off. With that prick gone I let out a deep moan and continued my assault of Joanne's love holes. As I hammered away deep into her pussy, I inserted another finger into her anus. She moaned as I fucked her for all I was worth.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, I'm yours, I am you fucking bitch, oooh." She let out a huge moan as her pussy contracted, flooding my dick with her love juices. She ceased up and shivered as her huge orgasm took over her. I just held her tight in my arms as she began to calm down from her rocking orgasm. She settled and started to kiss me all over as she slipped off my hard dick and realised I still hadn't cum. She bent over and kissed the tip of my dick, before turning still bent over with her back arched and guided my cock to her swollen pussy. Just as the head touched her pussy lips, I moved up slightly, grabbed her hips, and eased my erect cock into her ass in one slow steady thrust. She squealed loudly as she tried to keep her balance.

"Fuck, fuck, you are so fucking big, your ripping my ass. Fuck your bitch in the ass!" she moaned loudly. This was all the encouragement I needed and I could tell I was nearing a huge orgasm. I picked up the pace, and literally pounded my prick into her anus as hard as I ever could remember fucking someone. 

"God, I'm coming!" I groaned as she spun off my cock onto her knees as the first rope of cum splashed all over her face and tits. Her mouth was open as she looked up at me, accepting my sweltering cum all over her body. 

I eventually calmed down, and we dried each other off and got dressed. 

"Jonathan, I love having your dick in me, I will do what you want when you want it, I love being your bitch." She said as I was leaving. 

"I love you being my bitch Joanne, I really do." I replied as I left to go home and watch the video I had recorded of fucking Joanne in my kitchen.