 I am dropping off my monthly meal to the fire station. My arms full of food, I am struggling to get the kitchen door open. Then from behind me, I hear a deep bedroom voice, asking if I need some help. I whip around and there you stand. I nearly dropped everything in my arms, but you quickly push against me, catching it all. I stare at you, your utter manliness radiating off of you. You must have just gotten back from a call, because you are still wearing your bibs, which is sexy. At this moment, you are the sexiest man in the world. I can feel my muscles crumbling at your sight. You hold my gaze for a moment, but then lean in for a deep, needy kiss. 

After clearly taking my breath away, you motion to the kitchen, so we can put the food down. I release everything into the counter and begin sorting everything out to put away, still in slight shock. You stride up behind me and press your erection into my back. I take a deep breath, unable to concentrate on anything else. You put your hands on my hips, and slowly move them forward, until one of them is between my legs. You push me against the counter with your body, nearly bending me over the counter. With one hand still between my legs, gently rubbing, letting me grow wet with desire, you slide your other hand up my shirt and get a firm grasp on my breast. The sensations are already intoxicating. 

I feel your hand slip into my pants, the roughness of your skin welcomed against my softness. You plunge two fingers deep inside of me, fast, hard. I gasp. I lean more into the counter, needing it to support my weight. And as I do, I feel your cock against my ass. So hot. I can't wait to feel you inside of me. After a moment of you massaging the ache deep in me with your fingers, you turn me around. You grip me hard at my waist, pulling me into you. And then I need to taste you. I need you in my mouth more than ever before. I want to please you like no one ever has. I run a hand along your shoulders, slowly pulling down your bibs, until the fall to the floor. I drop to my knees. I look up at you for a moment and I can see how badly you need this too. 

Then, with a quick motion, I wrap my mouth around you. I hear you gasp for air, pulling your waist back just a little. But once that passes, you lean forward, letting yourself dive deep into my mouth, back into my throat. I let out a gentle moan with you in my mouth. You fill my mouth more than I can handle, gagging me at times. But I keep my pace, guided by your hands wrapped in my hair. Everything is so wet, I can feel it dripping down to the floor, all over my face as my mouth moves up and down over your dick. You whisper a few curses under your breath, letting me know this is exactly what you wanted. We hear someone in the hallway, coming close to the kitchen. You swoop me up off the floor and push me against the refrigerator, hard. Holy shit. I need you in me now. Deep. 

I feel you pressed against my stomach, as you whisper into my ear, "Truck bay. Now. " I follow your commands and walk to the truck bay, trying to keep my balance, but my legs are like jello. I didn't realize how closely you were following me, until you grab my arm and pull me towards a fire truck. You swing the door open and shove me into the truck, hopping up behind me. I stare at you, in awe. You sit down on one of the jump seats and pull me towards you. Your bibs still at your ankles, you quickly strip my pants and panties off. You pull me towards you, gesturing for me to straddle you. I follow direction. 

You gently guide yourself into me, filling me entirely. I tilt me head back in near ecstasy, letting a quiet moan escape my lips. As my feet touch the floor, I gain the leverage to move up and down, slowly at first, but quickly gaining pace. As I ride you, you reach on either side of me and pull my shirt and bra off. My breasts are free, and in your face. You ravage them with your mouth. Sucking, biting hard. It feels so good. It intensifies the need between my legs. I lean forward a little bit, nearly smothering you. That small adjustment and I am nearing orgasm. My breath grow short and choppy and I begin to lose control of my legs. Sensing this, you grab my hips and drive into me. Deep. My whole body convulsed around you. I slam my head against your shoulder, gasping for air. 

You pull me off of you, standing up. With one hand on my hip, you use the other on my back to push me down from my waist. And in an instant you are inside of me, filling me again. This time you are rough, needy. I feel like you are ripping me apart. But I like it. With each thrust, I let out a yelp. It doesn't take long before I feel you tightening your grip on my hips, digging your fingers into me. 

And then between yelps, with a breathy voice, I say, "Cum for me baby, please. I need it." And that was all it took. I feel you explode inside of me, coating me with wet warmth. I feel you drop to your knees behind me, pulling me into your lap. We just sit there catching our breath for a while.