 I met Lexi ten years ago while doing surgery. I am a general surgeon at a major hospital in Kentucky. At the time, I worked with the medical school attached to our hospital and allowed medical students to observe me during surgeries. The first time I saw Lexi, she was in a pair of scrubs with a surgical mask on. She looked like every other student that came through our program. Small person, wrapped in green scrubs. After two appendix removals and a lap coli, we exited the surgical suite and disrobed. Hidden beneath her scrubs was a stunningly beautiful goddess. Her beauty took my breath away. Lexi was all of 5 foot 2 inches tall, about 110 pounds with B-sized breasts and long brunette hair. Her face had that classic Italian look with a square jaw and Roman nose. Her skin was perfect and blemish free. 

Lexi oozed sexuality. She got into her street clothes then looked at me and gave me the biggest, I want to fuck you look, I have ever gotten. At the time, I was 40 and she was 25 years old. I knew, that if I thought with my cock, I would lose my job. Fucking a student was strictly forbidden. I headed to my office and jerked off to the thought of her taking my cock. As it turned out, she was on a one-month rotation in surgery. Every day, she was standing either next to me or across from me for the entire month. She made it a point to flirt with me pretty heavily. My anesthesiologist buddy teased the hell out of me for months about how much eye fucking I was getting during the day. He would joke that he needed a cigarette after surgery and that he didn't need to watch porn anymore, he just watched her eye fuck me.

Once the month ended, she moved on to another rotation. From that point forward till the end of the following school year, she made it a point to stop in and see me. Every time, she flirted with me and always flashed some leg or ass. She knew I loved legs and ass, because she caught me checking out her bubble butt and legs many times. She also made it a point to wear 5-inch platform heels when she came to visit my office. The folks in my office area thought for sure we were fucking each other. However, it was hard, but I kept it professional. 

The following May was graduation. As a faculty member, I was invited to sit on stage and watch the students get their diplomas. What most people don't realize is graduation day is not nearly as important than a ceremony a month earlier called Match Day. On Match Day, each student learns where they will do their residency training for the next three to five years. Most students go somewhere other than where they did their medical school training. Half way through graduation, Lexi crossed the stage and received her diploma. As she left the stage, she turned and made eye contact with me. Her message was as clear as it ever was, she wanted to fuck me.

Once graduation was over, I left the stage and congratulated many of the students. Out of the blue Lexi appeared before me. I congratulated her and asked her where she matched. She smiled and said she matched right her at our hospital. I felt my cock twitch as she said it. She then looked up at me and said she had something to show me. She slowly unzipped her gown to reveal she was wearing nothing but a soft white Victoria's Secret bra. She smiled at me and asked me if I wanted to see if her panties matched her bra. My cock sprang to attention immediately. I looked down at her and told her to meet me at my house in an hour.

An hour later, I discovered her panties definitely matched her bra. When Lexi arrived, she entered my house and leaned up and stuck her tongue down my throat. We kissed passionately for quite a while. She then unzipped her gown and revealed her stunning body. She was perfect, gorgeous and so very sexy. She grabbed my hand and asked me where my bedroom was. We walked down the hallway and entered my room. She pushed me down on the bed and got on her knees and began to undress me. It didn't take long for her to find my rigid penis. 

Lexi's talented mouth went to work on my tool. Her technique was amazing. She hit places on my cock I never knew were so sensitive. Her small hand worked my balls deftly. It wasn't long before I was ready to blow my load down her throat. However, that wasn't what she wanted and as she felt my balls tightening, she stopped sucking my cock. It was absolute torture. She crawled up on top of me and pulled the crotch of her panties aside and rubbed the tip of my bulging cock on her pussy lips. She looked down at me and told me that she had been waiting for this day for two years. She then slowly mounted my eagerly waiting cock. 

Her pussy felt amazing. It was very tight, warm and extremely wet. She began to ride my cock like a horse. Her hand reached around and worked my balls at the same time. The sight of this beautiful woman riding my cock had me on the edge of orgasm within minutes. Lexi knew that I was not going to last long. She leaned down and got close to my face and whispered to me. She said that it was ok to cum, she was going to fuck me the whole night and she expected me to cum many times in her. This set me off and I screamed FUCK, and blew my load deep inside her tight hole. 

Lexi squealed with delight and ground her pussy hard on my cock. She screamed that she wanted my warm cum inside her. Lexi grabbed my balls and squeezed them as if to help drain their contents into her waiting snatch. My body convulsed in pleasure. She knew she had made orgasm quickly and that she could definitely do it again very easily. Once I stopped cumming, she laid back on my chest and said, "that's only the beginning". I shivered a bit at her comment. What she did next caught me by surprise. She looked down at me and said it was her turn. She lifted herself off my cock and crawled her way up to my face.

Lexi then straddled my face told me to make her cum with my tongue. I eagerly dove into her clit. My tongue danced across her clit quickly. Soon her thighs were bracketing my head and her hands were grabbing my hair. She ground her wet pussy deeply into my mouth. To my surprise, cum began to flood my mouth. Soon, I began to taste a mixture of her sweet pussy and my salty seed. It was very strange but erotic. I looked up at her. She seemed to be in a trance. Her body was bent back, her eyes closed and her pussy locked hard on my mouth. She screamed "don't stop". I continued exactly what I was doing. I then began to feel her thighs shudder against my face. Within seconds, she gasped, jammed herself as hard as she could into my face and set off on a mind-boggling orgasm. 

I had never seen a woman orgasm like that before. Her body convulsed and spasmed. As her orgasm began, she let out a deep moan that got louder and higher in pitch. By the time she was fully into her orgasm, she was squealing loudly as if she was being electrocuted. At this point, my entire face was her sex toy. I could not move or breathe. She was grinding her vagina into my face so hard I expected to be black and blue afterwards. She came for what seemed like two minutes. Then her body spasmed hard and her head flung herself forward. She looked down at me and smiled broadly and said, "that's one for me."

She then fell on top of me and kissed me deeply. My face was covered with both her and me. She then lapped up the mess on my face and kissed me again as if to share her gift. To my amazement, my cock was at full attention again. It was the fastest I had ever recovered from an orgasm. Fuck, I thought, this girl is a sexual dynamo. We laid together for a few minutes before she began to stroke my cock. This time, she whispered to me that she had caught me checking out her bubble butt many times. She asked me if I liked her ass. I told her, I had never seen a sexier ass that hers, ever. She smiled and crawled back on top of me and mounted my cock again, this time in a reverse cowgirl position. I looked down in amazement and thought, how could someone's ass be so perfect. She started riding my cock slowly, then picked up speed quickly. It was long before she was riding my cock at full gallop. 

The sight of her tight ass on my cock set me off again. As I began to cum into her pussy, she quickly rubbed her clit. Within seconds, she was cumming along with me. The feeling of her pussy contracting rhythmically on my exploding cock felt like heaven. The two of us were in orgasmic bliss simultaneously. Once again, she loudly howled. She was the most vocal woman I had ever had sex with. It was fantastic. Once we both came down a bit, she turned to me and smiled and said, "that's two for both of us" then giggled.

Over the next twenty-four hours, my orgasm count hit seven and hers hit twelve. It finally got to the point where my cock was just broken and couldn't function anymore. Lexi understood and seemed proud that she had drained my balls. We curled up together and fell asleep for close to fourteen hours. Lexi stayed at my place for about a week. We fucked like rabbits all over the house. Her sex drive was insatiable. Between sexual encounters we talked and talked. Lexi was a truly lovely woman, smart, bright and very sexy. One day, I finally got around to asking her what her residency was going to be. She told me that it was in Psychology, however her degree was a MD, PhD. She was going into research. I asked her what type of research she was focusing on and she said Human Sexuality. I nearly shit myself.

I asked her what that was. She said that she had always been extremely sexual and always wanted to know why. While she was in medical school, she had come up with a theory. She said she believed that type "A" people had a great propensity to sexual deviations. She said that type "A" men tended to be alpha men and would do anything for a good fuck and type "A" women were more likely to fuck multiple men at once. This was something I had never considered. However, the theory was interesting and she said that this was going to be the focus of her research during residency. I asked her if I was part of her research. She laughed and said I absolutely was going to be if I wanted to. I told her I would gladly be part of her research. What came next was an incredible ride.