 My next-door neighbor Dave has the body of a Greek god. Broad shoulders, six-pack abs, muscular thighs, and an ass that looks killer in those mesh basketball shorts he wears mowing the lawn. When I hear that lawnmower start up, that's my cue to sit out on the deck with a beer and watch the sweat bead up on his tanned torso. After weeks of watching, I decided I needed to come up with a plan to get that man in bed!

One night while watching TV in bed, I glanced to Dave's house and noticed I could see his bedroom window, and as luck would have it, he hadn't pulled the shades. I waited for what seemed an eternity for him to go into his bedroom, all the while thinking about what I was going to say. 

He finally emerged from the shower wearing only a towel, and I thought, "This is my chance!" I leapt out of bed, forgetting I was wearing only my pink spaghetti strap camisole and matching panties. I ran for his back door and knocked, hoping he wouldn't take the time to put anything on.

As I was waiting for him to answer the door, I realized I still had no plan, but I was standing in my neighbor's back yard in my underwear. I started to panic, and just as I was about to turn around and run home, the door opened.

"Uh...Hi Sarah."

"Oh. Hi Dave. Sorry to bother you..."

"That's okay. You look scared. Is something wrong?"

"Well, there's a huge spider in my bedroom. Do you think you could come over and kill it for me? I really hate spiders, and I don't think I could sleep."

"Um...sure. Let me get some shorts on, and I'll be right over."

He closed the door and left me standing on his back steps. I debated waiting for him, and I must have stood there too long thinking about it when he opened the door again, this time Dave wearing shorts. As we walked back to my house, I glanced over to his crotch and noticed he hadn't taken time to put on underwear. I could see a faint outline of his cock bouncing as he walked, and I felt my panties getting wetter by the second.

When we got to my house, I led him to my bedroom. "The spider was by the window." He looked around a bit, and I admired the view from behind. He has such a great ass. After a minute, he started to turn around and said, "I don't see anything."

"It's not there? Could you check the bed?"

I watched him pull the comforter back and examine the bed for that nonexistent spider. While he was looking, I spotted my vibrator on the nightstand. I tried to inconspicuously walk over to it to hide it, but just as I reach out to grab it, he looked right at me. "I don't see a spider, Sarah. I think you'll be fine. In fact, I think you'll be more than fine, by the looks of that thing." 

"Oh. Uh...this? Well, I...uh..."

He smiled, walked over, and started kissing me. I let the vibrator on the nightstand and let my hands roam his chest, stopping for a while to play with his nipples. His hot breath on my neck sent chills down my spine and made my nipples as hard as they have ever been. They strained through the fabric of my cami, aching for freedom. He pushed the straps off my shoulders and kissed and licked his way to my breasts, cupping them in his hands, his tongue slowly circling my nipples. 

He pulled the camisole off, and he laid me on the bed. The bulge in his shorts was prominent now, and I grabbed his ass and pulled him to me, feeling his rock hard cock pressed against my pussy. His tongue continued to tease my nipples, and I moved my hand inside his shorts. He jumped a bit when my hand lightly stroked his shaft, and gently pushed him to his back.

I pulled his shorts down and went to work on his rock hard cock. I licked it from bottom to top with the tip of my tongue while playing with his balls with my hands, and when I got to the head, I sucked gently and moved my hands to the shaft. I took it all in my mouth, sucking, licking. I could feel him watching my head bob up and down, and that made me even wetter knowing he was watching me.

I moved to his balls, taking one into my mouth at a time, sucking gently. Then I squeezed his cock between my tits and swirled my tongue around the head. He reached down and grabbed my hand and pulled me off his cock. He wanted to be inside me. 

I was so hot and wet, but I didn't want him there just yet. I pulled off my soaking wet panties and climbed on top of him being sure to give him a good view of my ass. I grabbed his cock and slowly rubbed it between my pussy lips. He kept trying to push his way inside, but I wanted to play a while longer. I started to put it in, but just the head before I pulled it out again. He was really starting to squirm so I let him in just a little farther this time and pulled it out again. He grabbed at my shoulders to try to get me all the way inside, but I pushed his hands to my tits and sat all the way down on that luscious cock while I reached behind and held his balls. I started to grind my hips while I squeezed the muscles of my vagina around his throbbing member.

He couldn't stand it any longer and started grinding his hips into me so I let go of his balls, and started sliding up and down on his rock hard shaft. Just as I was getting close to coming, he rolled me over on all fours and got on his knees. Payback's a bitch, I guess. He reached around and grabbed my tits while sliding his cock between my wet swollen lips. I tried to guide him inside me, but he pulled away and slid two fingers into my aching pussy. Those two fingers slid in and out of my dripping cunt while his thumb worked my swollen clit and the other hand wandered all over my body paying special attention to my tits.

I finally said, "I need you inside me," and Dave replaced his fingers with his cock, grabbed my hips, and started out slowly. 

"Fuck me harder!" I panted. "You feel so good." He slowly built speed until he was fucking me so hard the headboard was slamming against the wall. After a few more minutes, I felt him explode inside me, and I let myself go, too, with an explosive orgasm. 

As his dick grew limp and slipped out, we collapsed on the bed in a mess of bodily fluids. After he caught his breath, he slipped his shorts back on and went back to his place. "We'll have to do that again."

"We sure will."