 Let me know what you think! (All characters are 18!!)

*****

I was just sitting in class, mind my own business, when he walked in. Tall. Leather Jacket. Caramel Skin. Lip Ring. Beard. Pretty much sex on legs. 

"Hi, class. My name is Kahle, but since I'll be teaching you, I'd prefer it if you call me Mr. B."

Annoying Melissa raised her hand. "Where's Mr. Ventrussi? He didn't quit, right?? He still hasn't graded my first semester project." The other students started mumbling nervously.

Mr B. Raised his hand and the class fell silent. "No, he didn't quit, he's just taking his dog on vacation. It's a three day cruise in the Mediterranean. Very standard, nothing to worry about."

He quickly set us up with one of those by-the-book substitute-teacher physics videos, but I didn't catch any of it. I was way too busy watching him. Everything about him, every movement he made, was soo sexy. I was so enthralled, I barely even noticed when the bell rang. I was the last person to gather my stuff and leave the room, and I ended up right behind him on the way out (eeee!).

"Those-um- are some cool patches" I said quietly, motioning to the patches covering the back of his jacket.

"Oh!" he turned around, surprised. "Thanks." He pointed to one on his chest. "This one's for my band."

My heart almost pounded through my chest. "You're in a band?" I asked, trying not to fangirl.

"Yeah. I play bass." I was about to ask him a million more questions, but he pulled out a cigarette case and started looking around for a door. "Well, see you around." He said, smiling.

"Oh yeah! Okay! Bye!" I scurried away before my entire face had become enveloped in blush.

I loitered nervously outside the classroom door after school, and almost walked away a couple times before I worked up the courage to go inside. He was sitting at the desk, writing something.

"Hi."

"Hi."

"I'm supposed to take a test? I don't know if Mr. Ventrussi told you, but-"

"Oh yeah." He pulled out a few papers from a file. "I have it right here."

"Cool.. thanks" I smiled at him nervously.

I finished the test in less than twenty minutes, and spent the next forty talking to him, as he had been expecting the test to take me at least an hour.

We talked about his punk band, his adventures in backpacking, his black pit bull puppy. I found myself getting even more interested in him, and trying to tell if he was interested in me. While he was organizing his backpack, I pulled down my shirt a little and pushed my boobs up, and when he looked up I could have sworn he stared for a second, but it could have just been wishful thinking.

I stared at him plenty, taking in his noticeable muscles, his hints of tattoos, his gauges, his piercings. He was just so fucking hot.

After an hour he offered to walk me out to my car. He walked right behind me to block the wind, and I "accidentally" bumped into him as much as I could.

The next day, I wore some of my favorite clothes. Clothes I don't usually wear in public, because I don't like all the stares. But I wanted him so badly to stare. 

At the last minute, I even took it up a notch. I pulled off my bra, and let my 34DDs bounce freely. I added a thin sweater, just enough to keep me from getting kicked out of school, but still give him the view I wanted. Along with my short skirt and knee highs, I knew that if he liked me, he wouldn't be able to ignore me.

I found excuses to get up over and over again in his class. Sharpening pencils, dropped scraps of paper, collecting tissues from the box on his desk.

At the end of class, I walked over to my friend Sarah's middle-front-row desk, and bent down low over it, asking her inane questions about the TV she'd seen last night. I had practiced this enough times in the mirror last night to know this let my pink panties peek out, just enough for Mr. B. to see. I talked to her for as long as I could, moving my hips softly from side to side. 

When I walked back to my desk, I didn't sneak a peek at Mr. B. until I had gathered all my things, but he looked very distracted. Because of me?

I had already walked back into his classroom at the end of school when I realized I didn't have a plausible reason for being there.

"Uh-Hi, Mr. B. Did you.. grade my test?"

He laughed. "You know that's not my job."

"Well, could you look over it and tell me how you think I did?"

He looked at the first few lines and grimaced. "Ugh, my back is so sore. I've been lifting way too much lately."

"Oh! Well, I could.. rub it? If you want? Since you're doing me a favor and-"

"Sure." He cut me off, staring at me with those piercing brown eyes.

I felt woozy. I walked up behind him, and nervously put my hands on his shoulders. Oh my GOD. I could already tell he was muscular, but wow.. I was so grateful to be standing behind him, where he couldn't see me blush.

I tried to keep my breath steady as I rubbed my hands up and down his back, over to his biceps, one hand even trailing down his chest. "Your pecs must be sore, too." I murmured. 

I listened for a change in breathing, or a change in heartrate. Nothing. He barely even relaxed into my hands. It was like it wasn't affecting him at all... Ugh, why did he have to be so cool and collected?? If only he would give me some sign that he liked me too, that he wasn't just being polite to a weird overly-flirty high school girl.

But maybe I could make him give me a sign.. He'd already said yes to the massage, and he was a "teacher", so maybe it would be just as much his fault as mine if I took it too far? He probably wouldn't even report it, and I'd never have to see him after tomorrow..

And I wanted him. 

I started running my hands more freely along his body, exploring. I grabbed all along his huge shoulders and upper arms, and traced my fingers along the muscles on either side of his spine. I worked my way down to his lower back, even lifting up the edge of his t-shirt, and working my hands underneath. I pressed hard into him, and felt his muscles start to relax a little. He was silent, and I couldn't see his face, but he had stopped turning the pages of my test, and, peeking over, I saw he was gripping the edges of the paper tightly. 

Hmm... 

I let my hands drift over to his abs. Oof... rock solid. I traced each line of his six pack, wishing there was some way I could see it. FUCK. How can a person even be this hot??? Honestly, it's just not fair. How can I be expected to handle myself??

I really, really, REALLY wanted to touch his cock. But what if that was too far? And besides, I still had all of tomorrow to make a move. Still, I at least wanted to see it. I had a feeling it was huuuuge. I pulled my hands back around to his shoulders, and as slyly as I could, leaned over him and looked down.

Ahhhhhwowwww. It was huge. And hard. Straining up against his black jeans, it looked like a python. There was a small dark patch towards the end of it. Precum? I must be better at this than I thought..

My hands moved back down to his waist, and I suddenly nuzzled into him, peering over his shoulder and pushing my chest into his back. I heard him gasp slightly, and saw the python twitch. God, I would love to feel it twitch inside me..

Feeling evil, I gently grabbed his hips, and nuzzled into him even more. His beard felt scratchy against my cheek as I let my lips brush slightly against his neck and shifted around a little, rubbing my boobs against him. 

And then I stood up. I walked quickly back around the table, doing my best to act like nothing had just happened. I flopped back into my chair and looked at him.

"so, what do you think of my test?"

He just stared at me, blankly, mouth open, for a few seconds. "Aah.. yes.. your test. It was, uh, good. Yes."

"Cool!" I bounced up from my seat, smiling innocently. "Thanks so much, Mr. B. That was really helpful, but I gotta run. See you tomorrow!" I bent over low to grab my things, and before he knew what was happening, I was bouncing my ass out of the room.

The next day in class, I kept trying but failing to catch his eye. I saw him lingering over my body out of the corner of my eye, but every time I looked at him, he was immediately absorbed in paperwork. Finally, while the rest of the class was absorbed in their phones, our eyes met and he smiled. I practically skipped out of the room at the end of class because HE-LIKES-ME!

I rushed back to his classroom at the end of the day. Crossing my fingers, I looked out of the window in the hallway. Yes! I could see someone wearing a leather jacket, smoking at the edge of the soccer field. Definitely him. 

Making sure no one was watching, I rushed into his classroom. Once inside, I straightened my hair, pulled down my shirt a little, and took a deep breath. I was ready. And I was really hoping that my plan would work.

I walked over to his desk, and ducked underneath. Luckily, it was big enough that I had plenty of space to hide. I sat down on my knees and waited. I could feel my panties getting wet, just thinking about how close his cock was going to be to me. How I would hopefully be able to see it..taste it. I started rubbing my fingers against my clit absentmindedly, imagining what it would be like to run my tongue along his caramel-colored dick. How it would probably taste just as good..

The door opened, and I almost squealed out loud. I quickly pulled my hands out from my panties and put them over my mouth, even though he could probably hear my heart thumping from across the room. His doc martens came into view as he walked up to the desk, and his legs. Even those were muscular. He sat down, but turned the chair away from me, towards another table. Oh no, what if he never faced this way at all?

My fears were answered a moment later when loud german electo-metal began blaring from his computer, and he twisted his chair so that he, and his cock, were only a couple feet away from me. I guessed he was grading, or writing some sort of report on the class. Either way, this was very interesting music to do it to.

I normally never liked metal, but there was something special about this music. The vibrations traveled through the furniture and down to the floor, making my calves tingle. I was leaning back, feeling the music more than listening, when I caught a huge whiff of weed.

I opened my eyes in time to see Mr. B. pulling a very-filled baggie out of his pocket, along with some rolling papers. So he wasn't smoking cigarettes after all! I heard the crinkle of him opening the bag, and some stoned-sounding humming as he started rolling a joint. Well, now was as good a time as any.

He had pushed his chair forward enough that his lap was completely under the desk, so he wouldn't see me. I reminded myself over and over to be sneaky as I leaned forward, but his cock just looked so big and tasty.. I told myself I would just lick the tip, but almost immediately I was working his whole shaft over with my mouth, getting as much of it as I could through his jeans. He groaned, and his cock stiffened so much that, even through his pants, it was hitting the back of my throat. He reached his hands down and found both of my boobs, squeezing them and searching for my nipples. "Fuckkk those are big" he murmured, thrusting his crotch against my face.

I reached up my hand and unzipped his pants. He quickly pulled his cock out, grabbing my wrist and moving my hand up and down it. As soon as he pulled his hand away, I moved forward and took the tip in my mouth, still stroking and squeezing the shaft with my hand. He inhaled sharply, murmuring "Fuck" over and over again, and wound his fingers in my hair. He started moving my head farther onto his shaft, bobbing my head up and down on his cock. I leaned into the warmth of his hand on my head, his dick in my mouth, and let my neck go slack. He pushed my head down even farther, making me moan as my mouth was completely filled. I rubbed my clit, bobbing my head up and down in time with him. I started to moan again when suddenly he pushed his chair backwards, pulling me out from under the desk.

Cock in my mouth, hand in my panties, I just stared up at him and froze. He looked me over appraisingly, running a finger along my cheek.

"Well, well, well" he smiled. "What do we have here?"

Still staring up at him, I gave his cock a tentative lick, and he groaned deeply.

He picked me up easily, clearing off the table and throwing me onto it in one motion. He leaned over me and kissed my neck, sucking and biting gently. "I was hoping I would see you again today" He said. "Of course, I didn't expect to see you like this.." I moaned, writhing into him as he worked his way down my chest, pulling up my shirt. "Wow, little girl." He let out a whistle as he pulled out my boobs. "These aren't very little at all." He buried his face in them, groaning, as he bit and licked and pinched and pulled my nipples, making me squeal. He grinned at me wickedly, and pulled even harder, making me arch my back and shove my chest up towards him. I came as he tugged them in between his teeth, rocking my hips and grinding on any part of him I could reach.

He ground his leg back into me, pulling back right before I came to tug down my panties and slip his tongue inside of me. I bucked into him, cumming non-stop and digging my nails into his shoulders. He smiled, and teased his way up to my clit, flicking it lightly until I was begging him to let me cum. 

He pulled back, stroking his rock-hard cock with one hand. "Do you want something that will really make you cum?" He raised an eyebrow (fuckkk so sexy) as he pulled on a condom. 

"Yes! Please! Yes yes yes yes yes" I knew I was begging, but I couldn't help it. It was so fat, so perfectly curved, so smooth..

He placed the tip against my opening, rocking a centimeter of it in and out of me. "Do you really, little girl? Because I don't think you do.."

"I do!" I cried, trying to shove my hips farther onto him. "Please, please, I want you to fuck me, please."

He pulled out and watched me, biting his lip. "Well, since you asked me so nicely." He shoved himself all the way in in one thrust, and I cried out, eyes rolling back in my head. I came instantly, thrusting until I was completely limp. He kept fucking me, slowly but deeply, and I came every few seconds, bucking back into him, crying out, and digging my nails into his legs. "oh—fuck--ahhhhh-fu—tha—ahh-thank-you—ahhHHH-sir!"

"I want you to cum in me" I cried, pushing onto him as hard as I could, hoping this would make him fuck me even harder, but instead he dropped me completely.

"Do you?" he asked, an edge to his voice.

"Y..yes?"I whispered. 

"Do you really?" He sounded angry, and he grabbed me and flipped me over, pinning me to the table. "Do you think you deserve that?"

"N...no?" I wasn't sure what I had done wrong, but he was obviously angry with me.

"What did you do to not deserve it?"

"I don't kno—aaaHHH!" He cut me off with a hard spank. 

"You teased me, little girl." Another spank.

"You dressed up in those cute little outfits" Spank. "And you flounced around" Spank. "And you bent over, and let me see what was underneath" Spank. Spank. "And you came in here yesterday, you little slut" Spank. "And you got me rock hard" Spank. "And you didn't even have the decency to suck me off." Spank. "You. Little. Tease." 

He rubbed his cock along the lips of my pussy, admiring my whimpers and the red handprints he'd left on my butt. "Are you sorry?"

"Ahhhh..."

"You don't sound sorry." Spank. 

He rubbed against me even more, pulling back each time I was about to cum, calling me a slut and spanking me harder and harder. 

"Please, sir, please please fuck me" I begged, tears in my eyes. "I'll do anything."

"Hmm.." He rubbed against me absentmindedly. 

"Now that sounds like a girl who knows she's done something wrong."

He pushed the tip of his cock against my pussy, and held down my writhing hips. "Tell me, little girl, will you do anything I say?"

"Yes!"

"Will you let me use your body, all of your holes, however I want without complaint?"

"Yes!"

"And you still want me to fuck you?"

"Yesssss!!"

"Wow, little girl. You keep asking for all these things like you have no idea what you're getting into." 

He took his finger and plunged it into my pussy, but before I could even moan he had pulled it out and was using my juices to work my asshole open. He did the same thing with his cock, pulling out before I had even really felt it. "Your little asshole is nice and wet now, girl. Do you think you're ready 

for me?"

"Ummmm..."

"Don't worry" he said evilly, "You will be."

He pushed the tip of his cock inside my asshole, and although it hurt, the pleasure was far more than the pain. I moaned and pushed back into him, inching him further inside me.

"Wow!" he laughed. "You're already ready for more?"

I moaned in affirmation, and he pushed himself halfway inside me, and started fucking me very slowly, pushing deeper with each thrust.

"Fuck-little-girl-you're-so-fucking-tight" he moaned, running his hands over my butt. He kept going, very slowly, driving me crazy. Even when he was all the way in, he didn't speed up, and pent-up-orgasms were filling my body.

"Please, will you fuck me faster?"

"Please what?" he growled, slowing down even more.

"Please... sir?"

"Little girl." He sighed, but I could tell he was grinning. "You really want much more of my cock than you can handle."

"No, I can, sir! Please? Please please?"

"Okay..." He lifted up his hands, and suddenly one hand was covering my mouth, and the other was pulling my hair hard enough to arch my back. He thrusted into me at lightning speed, and his fingers caught my silent screams with every thrust. I went limp from cumming, but he held me up and fucked me even harder. "Are you ready for me to cum in you, little girl?" He growled as he built up to climax.

"Yes—yes siraaaAAAH" I said, as he shoved my hips down onto him, pumping into me.

He collapsed onto me, and pulled us both back onto the chair, cradling me in his lap.

"Thank you" I said quietly, kissing his chin.

"Thank you" he said, kissing my forehead.