 I started early thinking I would like to impress my new boss. She was in her late 30's, very attractive, with red hair, around 5'8 tall, very slim a size 10, I later found out with small but pert breasts. As my job involved meeting clients from disadvantaged backgrounds our dress code for work was very casual. I was in the office when she arrived and went off to make a drink for us both. Over the previous weeks I began to notice her looking at me a lot more than usual. There also started to appear a sexual tension between us both. The look in the eyes that lasted a little bit longer than normal, the touch on the arm or the knee that lingered. What made it more excitable for me was that she always wore hipster jeans which made her thong show when she bent over the table or went to the lower draws of the filing cabinet for something. I even found myself taking photographs on my mobile phone of her thong peeking out. I sometimes masturbated over these pictures thinking about what her body would be like under her clothes. Her backside in the jeans she wore was just perfect.

I brought her drink into and she smiled at me saying,

"I bet you make a nice drink first thing in the morning."

"Wouldn't you like to know?" I replied.

She laughed,

"Actually I would yes," she said with a smile.

We then went about doing our work around the office waiting for our colleagues to arrive.

Now the office is very laid back and there is a lot of sexual banter between the men and women which makes the day fun. After a couple of hours in the office I had to go out to meet a client but all I could think about was her remark earlier in the day. I eventually plucked up some courage and sent her a text message, "would you like to find out how nice my coffee is in the morning?" I waited for a reply and didn't get one. All day I waited for the phone to go off telling me I had a text message but it never did.

Eventually I got back to the office and everybody was carrying on as normal. She was in her office that was separated from the main office. I popped my head in just to let her know I was back. 

"Come in and shut the door," she said, so being the dutiful colleague I did as she bade.

"Is there something wrong?" I asked.

"No, should there be?" she replied.

I stared at her wondering what the hell she was thinking. She stood up, put her arms around me and started to kiss me hard, I responded probing her mouth with my tongue. I could feel the heat from her body as it touched mine. My dick began to get hard as the intensity of the situation took effect. I reached my hand round her back and slid it down the back of her jeans. I felt the firmness of her arse and my dick seemed to swell even more. My hand moved further underneath till I felt the wetness of her lips, she gasped and kissed me harder. Breaking away from me she smiled and said,

"Not now, stay behind when everyone goes and we'll continue," 

I groaned but said,

"Ok." 

Stretching over she touched the bulge in my pants and said,

"That feels so fucking good."

I had to go to the bathroom until my cock calmed down.

At 4 O'clock she let everybody go with the exception of me.

"Lock the door," she said. 

I did and walked back up to her. She began to undo the buttons on my jeans, as her hand touched my dick it began to stiffen. She pulled my jeans down and then released my now erect cock from my boxers. Smiling she knelt down and began to slowly run the tip of her tongue around the head of my circumcised cock. Her tongue then began to travel up and down the shaft of my cock; slowly she sucked one of my balls into her mouth. I've had lots of blowjobs over the years but somehow this one seemed to be the most intense and horny I'd ever had. Eventually she took my cock into her mouth and began sucking on it slowly. I watched as her head moved up and down my shaft wetting it as she went along. I could feel my orgasm building and my body began to tense. She must have sensed this and sucked harder and faster on my cock. I could hold on no longer and began to cum in her mouth. As my cum pumped into her mouth I gripped her hair forcing it into her throat. I literally went weak at the knees as my orgasm subsided. She stood up and kissed me forcing some of my cum into my mouth as she did so. I swallowed it greedily as I'd never tasted cum before. 

I then began to take her top off. She had a red see-thru lace bra on. Her breasts were small but her nipples were big standing erect. I took her bra off and took one of her nipples in my mouth and began to roll my tongue around it gently sucking and biting it. I had her other nipple in between my other fingers, rolling it sideways. Eventually I swapped sides and began to suck on the other nipple. She was moaning with pleasure as I sucked hard on the nipples. I then began to undo her jeans and slowly slid them down her hips. She had a matching red lace thong. I slid the thong off and to my delight she was shaven bald. This was new to me as I've never actually seen a bald pussy up close. I dropped to my knees and buried my face in her pussy. The smell of her was incredibly horny. I sucked on her clit and began to lick the wetness from her pussy. She grabbed my head from behind and pushed me into her pussy, 

"Oh please lick me so fucking hard," she said. 

After five minutes of licking and sucking it was her turn to tense up as she came in my mouth. My face was wet from her juices and I licked them from around my mouth. I stood up and removed the rest of my clothes. My cock was jutting out ready to slide inside her pussy. I lifted her up; straddling me she slid down onto my cock and began to thrust her hips back and forth grinding into me as my cock went deeper and deeper. I felt her nails digging into my back as the intensity of the situation overcame us both, pulling her tight I whispered into her ear,

"If only you knew how many times I've wanked over us doing this."

She groaned a little and began to fuck me harder. I had to lean backwards into the desk as I began to lose my balance. I could feel myself getting more and tenser as my orgasm built up. Again she sensed this and thrust herself harder onto my cock. I could hold on no longer and began to pour what cum I had left inside her, as this was happening she screamed and came herself. We stood there both just staring at each other as we began to get our breaths back. I felt my dick going limp and my cum dripping out of her. I didn't want to let her go as I'd never experienced an orgasm like it. Smiling she said to me,

"So are you making me that drink in the morning?"

I laughed and said,

"I take it I'm staying with you tonight then."

That was 6 months ago and I haven't moved out.