 "So, Tom, when will we see you next?" my dad asked just before he drove away after helping me move into my dorm my first year of college. 

"I don't know, maybe Thanksgiving," was my reply.

It was late August and I was excited to start this new phase of my life. I wasn't the type to go overboard with excitement about my newfound freedom and act stupid, but I definitely wasn't the type to get home sick and start crying for mommy and daddy after a few nights away. No, I was a pretty levelheaded guy who didn't have a clue what was in store for me, but figured that thousands of other people have gone away for college in the past and been just fine, so there wasn't really anything to be worried about, and plenty to be excited about.

My roommate, Jason, arrived after I was all settled in. We got along fine at first, we worked together with his parents to move the furniture around, bunking the beds to make more floor space, setting up the couch and TV and making sure both our desks were accessible for studying. So far so good I figured, if only I knew what was in store for me later.

My dorm was small, just a 3 story building with about 15 or so rooms on each floor. My particular building was arranged so that men were on the first and third floors, and women were on the second. I had seen some of the girls moving in as I was moving my own stuff or helping my roommate. That was the first time I saw her.

The first things I noticed were her beautiful blue eyes. I know it's a corny metaphor, but the first thing I thought upon seeing them was that I could get lost and drown in those eyes. Once I was able to tear myself away from those eyes, I took in the rest of her. She had beautiful brown hair, shoulder length and wavy. She was dressed for moving. Wearing a grey tank top, plain khaki shorts and sandals. Her legs and arms were nicely tanned and toned, this girl definitely liked to stay in shape. I couldn't really see much of the rest of her body because she was carrying a large load of boxes, but I could tell that the rest of her would not disappoint. She must have seen me looking at me because she flashed me a beautiful bright smile and said "hi" as I walked toward her.

My mind raced to come up with something brilliant to say. "Hi." I said back just as we passed. And then she was gone. I was never really good with the ladies, you see. Not horrible – I could have tripped or puked or something like that – but a measly "hi" was all I could muster in the short time I had, definitely not enough to make an impression. Oh well, at least I didn't make a bad impression, I thought to myself. I did not see her again that afternoon.

The rest of the day went smoothly enough. My roommate and I got to know each other a little bit. He had his girlfriend from high school on campus. Her name was Kate and she lived in a different dorm nearby. She was pretty good looking, I thought, but nothing like the girl I saw earlier. The three of us went out to explore the campus. Later that evening, Jason and I had to head back to the dorm that evening for our house meeting. Kate headed back for her own meeting.

The house meeting is held by the house fellow, the upper class student who is in charge of making sure all the residents get along and know all the rules and policies and such. To my amazement, the house fellow for our dorm was the goddess that I had seen earlier! Her name was Michelle, she was a junior, and this was her first year as a house fellow. Again, the first thing I noticed were her beautiful blue eyes, god they were amazing! And this time I had plenty of time to observe and admire her physical beauty. Her skin was near perfection, so silky smooth I wanted to feel it against my own skin. She was wearing the same shorts and tank top that she had on before. She was slim and fit, definitely not a rail. Her long tan legs ran on forever, up to the shorts that now seemed shorter than they had been before. Her stomach was nice and flat. She had absolutely gorgeous breasts – firm, round, and held high – that were pushing against the inside of her tank top. Her collar was low enough to show a little cleavage, nothing too risqué or anything like that, but just enough and I was in heaven. She talked for a long time, none of which I heard, because I was captivated by her beauty. I could tell that she spoke elegantly and with authority, even though I wasn't paying attention to the words. Her voice was kind and gentle, and it made me feel as though I was floating. My overall impression of her was that she was everything that I had ever wanted in a girl, but that she was also way out of my league. I spent the entire meeting fantasizing of all the wonderful things she and I could do together, all the while seeing those deep blue eyes looking at me in passion. 

All too soon, the meeting ended. Jason and I headed back to our room; I was just hoping that nobody noticed the huge hard on that I had as we walked back. Jason soon left to spend the night in Kate's room – turned out her roommate hadn't arrived yet. So I was left alone in my room, thinking about the good time Jason and Kate must be having, and juxtaposing that with Michelle's beautiful blue eyes. It wasn't long before I shot my load to those visions, and I went to sleep alone but happy, and had many great dreams that night.

The next day came and went without much incident. Kate's roommate showed up. I went out that evening with a couple friends from high school. When I got back to my room late that night, the door was locked and there was a hanger hanging on the handle. I'm not stupid, I figured out the signal, but I was pissed. I was tired and wanted to get some sleep and sure as hell didn't want to wait until they were done. I pretty much figured that the hanger was going to be there all night and I was S.O.L. This was definitely not a precedent that I wanted to establish, so I unlocked the lock and tried to open the door. For reasons that to this day are beyond me, every room in the dorm had a lock that you could open with a key from outside, but they also had a chain so somebody inside could keep you out even if you had a key. Jason figured this out and had set the chain. Now I was really pissed and I pounded on the door.

After a short while, Jason peeked out. "What the fuck, dude?" he said. "Can't you see we want some privacy?"

"Yeah, fuck off!" added Kate. I was starting to figure out that these two were just redneck trash and I started to think that I was in for a long year.

"Where am I supposed to go?" I asked. "This is my room too and I want to get some sleep. I sure as hell am not going to be kicked out by you two every night."

"Of course you won't be, we'll kick out her roommate on Tuesdays! HA!" I failed to see the humor in his joke and just stood there. "I don't give a fuck where you go, just go away!" And with that he shut the door in my face.

I was livid! But what could I do? He held all the cards. There was no way I could get into that room unless he released the chain – and that wasn't going to happen until the morning. I paced up and down the hall for a while. I even walked over to my buddy's room to crash but I could see their lights were out. I was just about to call one of them to wake them up and let me in when I realized that this was really an opportunity to talk to Michelle! This is the kind of thing she was supposed to help out with, right? Just then I wished I had paid more attention to what she said at the meeting.

I walked back to my dorm; nearly skipping I was so excited, and climbed the stairs to the second floor. I found the door with the house fellow sign and knocked on it. I heard a groggy "hang on" come from inside.

'Oh shit!' I thought to myself. In my excitement it had never really dawned on me that it was really late and she might be sleeping, or worse, might be "busy." Even if the first option was true what kind of impression was I making waking her up like this? I thought about running away, at least she wouldn't know it was me I thought to myself. I stood there a second, weighing my options. Just as I decided that I should run the door opened.

There she stood, looking at me with those beautiful blue eyes. I just stood there, staring at them, swimming in them. I don't know how long it had been, but she finally broke the silence by asking "Can I help you?"

"Um, yeah." I said. 'Oh shit!' I thought to myself again. I hadn't thought of what to say! So instead of stumbling through the whole story, I cut to the chase. "My roommate is, uh, kind of busy right now," I said, placing the proper emphasis on the word busy.

She raised her eyebrows just a little bit, giggled, and then gave me that same beautiful smile that I got from her the day before. "I see," she said. "Why don't you come in for a minute?"

I was so relieved that she wasn't irritated at me; in fact she seemed to rather enjoy the inherent humor in the situation. Plus, as I've since come to learn, she is the type of person who really enjoys helping people out. She will give of herself whatever she can, and will never complain, no matter how much she is inconvenienced. She truly finds a great deal of satisfaction and joy in knowing that she has helped turn somebody's day or life around, and she finds the same level of satisfaction in each.

She stepped aside and I walked past her into her room. Her room was exactly the same as mine, except that it only had furniture for one, which resulted in a much more comfortable and friendly living space. Along one side of the room was an area rug under a couch and coffee table facing the TV. Her desk was set up next to the TV. Her bed was on the floor along the far wall. The sheets were all a mess because apparently she had been sleeping. I said a silent "thank you" when I didn't see a guy hiding under the covers. I must have looked to long because she gave me a coy look just for an instant, but then recovered and quickly fixed up the sheets. That look was so quick that I wasn't sure if I had imagined it or not, and decided that I probably had. "Sorry for the mess," she said. I couldn't believe that I had intruded on her good night's sleep and she was apologizing to me!

She was wearing a robe, cinched up tightly, and slippers. I couldn't see much of anything as far as her body goes because the robe was closed up so tight. But the way she tied it, it actually accentuated her quite large breasts. I'm not sure if she saw me looking at them or not, but she pulled her robe a little tighter just then, which only resulted in making her breasts more apparent under their fuzzy casings.

"I'm really sorry to wake you, I just really didn't…" 

"Oh no! Its not a problem, really!" she said through one of her incredibly beautiful smiles. "This is what house fellows are for, right?" I couldn't believe it, here I was, having woken her up with my stupid problem and she seems almost happy to see me! I couldn't help thinking that this girl is too good to be true. "Why don't you sit down and tell me all about what's going on."

I wasn't about to argue the invitation from the most beautiful girl I had ever laid eyes on, so I sat myself down on the couch. She sat down next to me, turned towards me and curled her feet up. "So, what's up?"

I started telling her the entire story of my arrival and Jason's, what we did the day before, how I was gone most that day, going into as much detail as I possibly could. I knew that most of this information was completely irrelevant to the problem at hand, but I wanted to stay on that couch talking to her as long as possible. She paid attention to every word I had to say. Anybody else would have gotten irritated, told me to skip to the point so that they could get back to sleep, but not her. Talking to her was so easy! It was just so natural; it was like I had known her for years. Occasionally those beautiful blue eyes would distract me, but I'd try to recover as quickly as I could and she never seemed to be bothered by it at all.

I finally finished my story, dragging it out as long as possible until I had reached the inevitable end. I was searching for something, anything else to say, but I couldn't think of anything, so I simply shut up.

She sat quietly for a second or two; I could see her mulling over her options in her beautiful blue eyes. Then she spoke. "Do you have a friend you can call, to crash there?"

My heart sank. I'm not sure what I expected to hear, but that was probably the worst thing she could have said. I wanted to stay in that room, on that couch with her for ever, and here she was with an idea that would get me out of there. She didn't say it in a way that made me feel like she was getting rid of me. No, I truly believed she was trying to be helpful, and this was what she thought would help. If I couldn't stay with her, I at least wanted to stay in my own room. I sure as hell didn't want to sleep on my buddy's futon all semester.

"Isn't there some way to kick Kate out?" I asked, partly because that is what I originally came for, but mostly just to stay on that couch a little bit longer.

"Oh yeah, I think we can do that," she said. She looked a little embarrassed, like she should have thought of that herself. She got up and started looking through her stuff, looking for information on who to call with assistance on this kind of matter. But I could tell that she was really uncomfortable with the idea. She should really have gone down to my room and asked Kate to leave herself, but she skipped that step entirely and was looking for someone with real authority to call.

That is when I finally saw a flaw in her. She was afraid of conflict. She really didn't want to be doing what she was doing, but to her credit, she was working on doing it anyway. This sudden blemish on her previously perfect persona did not make me think that she wasn't the person I thought she was. In fact it was quite the opposite. She seemed more approachable than ever. The realization that she had a flaw, as we all do, only made her seem more real, and somehow, more perfect.

She had found the number she wanted to call, and was about to dial when I decided to save her from the uncomfortable task at hand. "You know what, never mind. I can call one of my friends and we can talk to Jason tomorrow, OK?"

"Are you sure? You don't have to. You were right, this is the right thing to do."

Her beautiful blue eyes, however, were saying 'thank you.'

"Yeah, I'm sure," I said, walking toward the phone. "This isn't how I want to start things off between him and me." Between her and me too, I was thinking. "I'll talk to him tomorrow. But thank you so much for listening and helping. It means a lot to me." My heart was in my shoes. I was volunteering to leave Michelle's room, and that was the only place I really wanted to be! But what else could I do? It hurt my heart to see how uncomfortable she was with getting Kate removed.

Now it was her time to save me from the unwanted task at hand. "I have an idea."

My heart must have skipped three beats. I couldn't believe it; she wasn't going to ask me to stay, was she?

"You can hang out here for awhile, see if they eventually leaves."

I turned to look at her, and she was looking at me with those big blue eyes, seemingly bigger and bluer than ever. If I wasn't mistaken, she was breathing just a bit more heavily.

She continued. "I have lots of movies we can watch, or we can just watch TV, or talk. Just hang out, you know? It could be fun!"

'Fuck yeah it could be fun!' I thought to myself. But I kept my cool and even managed to be a little suave for the first time ever. "I'd like that a lot," I said.

She flashed that beautiful smile at me one more time. She grabbed my hand and pulled me back towards the couch. We sat next to each other just like before, but maybe a little closer together this time.

It was the first time that we had ever actually touched. Throughout this whole night we had never actually made physical contact. The sensation or her skin on mine was like electricity, sending shockwaves throughout my entire body. Every part of me was suddenly aware, even the parts that I kind of did and didn't hope she'd notice.

We just sat there talking for what seemed like the longest time. We talked about everything, our likes and our dislikes. It turned out that we had the same major, but with her two years ahead of me we wouldn't be sharing any classes. She gave me advice on which the good professors were, and offered help on my homework anytime I needed it. I couldn't believe how easy it was to talk to her. Again, I felt like I had known her for years.

Then the conversation shifted, as it inevitably always does, to our past relationships. She breached the subject first.

"So, do you have a girlfriend?"

"I did in high school. We were together for a year and a half. But she is a year younger than me so we decided to break it off before I came out here."

"Oh, I'm so sorry. Was that hard on you?"

"It was and it wasn't. She is the only girl I've ever been with, and I was the only guy she had ever been with, so it is kind of like the end of an era, you know? But at the same time I was starting to feel like she and I weren't really the perfect match anyway, and I'm pretty sure that she was feeling the same way. Me moving away turned out to be a blessing. We were able to end the relationship on a mutual level, without anybody getting hurt too much. We both cried, don't get me wrong, but I think we both truly felt that it was for the best."

She just looked at me with those beautiful blue eyes. I was surprised at myself by the amount I was willing to open up to this girl I had just met. But I felt like we had a connection, like I could tell her absolutely anything and everything without fear of being judged, or misunderstood. It was like an open channel for the free exchange of our deepest and most private thoughts and feelings.

I spoke again, "So how about you, do you have a boyfriend?"

"Not right now, no. I've never had a relationship like the one you had with your girlfriend. My relationships always end with someone getting hurt, and it is always me."

She paused. Her beautiful blue eyes were getting moist. "You don't have to," I said.

"No, its OK," she interrupted, "I'd like to talk about it with you. I feel safe with you, like whatever I say to you is OK, and that you would never use it to hurt me."

It was incredible; she felt exactly the same as I did! "Of course I would never hurt you, but if you aren't comfortable…"

"I'm comfortable with you," she said through a smile. Those words gave me the most unbelievable rush of emotion. I've never felt anything like that before; it was like an emotional orgasm washing over me. I was in ecstasy at the mere notion of her feeling for me the same as I felt for her. I don't know what the physical manifestation of this emotional orgasm was, but there must have been something because she looked at me for a second, and then slid closer beside me and rested her head on my shoulder.

She continued, "There have been three different guys. The first was in high school, and then one each of my first two years here. The story is different for all of them, but they all end the same way: I get replaced by a different girl. At least the first two had the decency to tell me before they got together with my replacement. The third one however, well…"

"That's awful! I can't imagine ever doing that to somebody. That's the completely wrong way to go about having a relationship. As long as we are together I would do anything I could to keep the relationship going. I wouldn't be out looking for other options. If things don't work out then you end the relationship, and only after it is over do you start looking for somebody new. To find someone new while you are still with somebody is completely selfish, rude, and insensitive!"
