 As an accountant, I was used to dealing with most clients by phone. I would imagine a woman client who sounded young - to be hot, available, and an easy score, but when that ultimate meeting eventually took place, it was always a disappointment. 

Having settled into a very successful practice, and a very happy marriage, my desire for that hot client over the phone no longer seemed to ever come up. But, a newly referred woman named Tammy, got those old juices flowing.

Tammy was involved in a business matter and had been severely taken advantage of by her employer. She initially told me the story of her inexperienced and innocent dealings, and unfortunate monetary losses due to a company and its owner's who had screwed her out of contract obligations and a good amount of money.

Despite the above, she sounded very intelligent, and had a very articulate way of expressing herself. Of course, not knowing what she looked like over the phone, I pictured a ballet dancer type body, in her 20's, in a corporate suit, long blonde hair, and an ivy league education.

Having grown up a New York City kid, I had fit the mold of all my high school and college buddies. A wife, three kids and a house in the suburbs. My marriage was great, and my sex life was more than adequate, although without much adventure. 

My large office staff, was comprised of lawyers and accountants of all ages, shapes and sizes and an office staff, of various abilities and status. While my mind would sometimes wander to the secretary or two down the hall, nothing ever came close to causing me to stray... although the opportunities seemed to present themselves from time to time.

Over the months, I had occasional phone consultations with Tammy, and was always impressed with her ability to help me tackle the issues of her case. She forwarded me important documents and evidence as the matter progressed, and I truly enjoyed assisting her. 

Tammy had become increasingly comfortable with me over the phone, and in one conversation offered some personal information about herself. She explained that she had once been approached by a former co-worker who made an aggressive move on her. She explained that although she was interested in getting this guy into bed, she resisted so as not to compromise her reputation in the office. 

Having broken the ice, I asked her more about her personal life. I was shocked to learn that she had a seven year old child, was never married, and had never been college educated. She told me she loved to dance, would occasionally go to bars alone, and was in search of "action" as she put it. I still had no idea what she looked like, but the time had come as she made an appointment to come up to the office to sign some necessary documents.

For some reason, I refused to accept that Tammy wouldn't meet my expectations. She was due any minute, and my heart was pumping at an extra beat in anticipation. This sweet, intelligent, sexy voice had most recently told me about her restraint despite her desire to get laid and her search for "action". 

In walked Tammy! She was hot, sexy and gorgeous, but not close to the image I had created. She was a light skinned black woman, with long black wavy hair and beautiful facial features. She was in fact, 24 years old, and had the most amazing body. Her tight white belly cropped shirt revealed awesome tits and cleavage, and her thin waste and toned legs were perfectly displayed under her short skirt and by her high heels.

Tammy sat in the chair across my desk. We talked for an hour and our comfort with each other continued. In fact, an hour went by and we hadn't been talking business, but basically traded our life stories.

She was a regular southern girl from a rough neighborhood, who managed to keep herself clean. She had a kid at age 17, but so did everyone she knew. She had managed to rent her own home, and raise her son without any family assistance. 

As we talked I couldn't help from gazing at her legs and her chest. I watched her slick wet red lips as she licked them from time to time and imagined this hot woman naked on my office couch. When I reached for a file, under the desk, I got a view of Tammy under her skirt and at this point she had to notice the bulge in my pants..... She had on bright red panties and I could see her pussy hair peeking through.

The office was quiet, my secretary gone for the afternoon and Tammy was seeming to flirt with me like no woman had ever. She stood up and came to me as I sat stunned in my leather high back chair and spread my knees and crouched down. I was frozen as she was on her knees looking into my eyes, and beginning to caress and kiss my member through my suit pants. 

I grabbed her soft hair and told her I had to get up to lock the door. Although I had a hard time walking, I made it to the door. Her sexy perfume was captivating and I grabbed her by the waste and pulled her close feeling her tits against my chest and began to kiss her deeply. Our mouths met and it was an absolute certainty in my mind that I was about to get laid by a woman so beyond the norm for me, so hot and sexy and truly only someone who I had only previously dreamed to ever achieve.

Tammy lifted her top over her head as I easily undid her skirt. She was standing in my office, in high heels, red thong panties and nothing else. Her centerfold figure and glistening skin caused my dick to swell and pulse.

Again she went to her knees and this time undid my zipper and helped my throbbing cock out of it's tight confines. Ever so slowly she kissed its head and then took me fully into her red lipped mouth. I grabbed her head and assisted her as she slowly and expertly performed this awesome blow job. 

Tammy wasn't quiet and grunted as she sucked and was softly playing with my balls as I was nearing explosion. It was at this time that I decided to go for it all, and took charge to end this immediate pleasure, and fuck this beautiful hot and horny girl.

I licked and sucked on her tits as she fingered herself and cooed in delight. Her dark nipples felt great against my lips. I put my face to her panties and tongued her clit through the fabric. With great pressure she forced her cunt into my face and I then slowly removed the panties down her legs and off her, over her high heels.

She had lowered herself onto the couch, but was in a sitting position as I continued to lick the wettest pussy I had ever had the pleasure of tasting. Her body was glistening with sweat, and her nipples protruding erect. She had a stripper's body and she was all mine for the moment. I continued licking her clit and feeling her tighten until she screeched in the most powerful climax.

Conscious that someone might have heard her, I put my hand over her mouth and listened at the door for a few minutes until I was confident that no one remained. She took the opportunity to fully remove my clothes and forced me to lay on the couch. As I reclined, she straddled me and helped my throbbing cock to enter her burning, juicy, tight cunt. My hands and fingers were exploring her tits as she fucked me hard. Her motion was awesome and her curved body, tight ass, and large tits rocked in unity with our feverish pace. 

Again, she was grunting and squealing and I was moaning in pleasure. I could hold it no longer and shot my enormous load so deep into her. She shuttered in orgasm seconds later with the help of my still pulsing cock.

I called home minutes later and told my wife I had gotten stuck and not to wait for me as I would make the later train. Tammy remained naked in the chair and signed the many papers that had been the reason for our meeting. 

Soon after, we cleaned ourselves up, and made our way out of the office to the elevator together. In the elevator, she leaned back against me as three other various people entered from other floors as we continued down to the lobby. Her butt against my recently pleasured dick was the best feeling in the world. It was hard to say goodbye and she thanked me so much for helping her express her appreciation for my personal attention.

I had never gone to such an extreme before. It was beyond any reality I had ever come close to experiencing. The funny thing is, in the end we were unable to successfully resolve her case and she came away with nothing to show for my efforts. After I had broken the news to her .. she invited me to a nearby hotel in the City for the hottest afternoon of sex. I pumped her every which way and again, she expressed her thanks for my personalized attention.