 Quietly I walk up behind you. Your first indication of my presence are my hands being placed on your shoulders. You look over your shoulders and smile as you realize I'm once again with you. Softly I run my hands from your shoulders to the base of your neck and back again, barely touching your skin. You turn to embrace me, only to be held firm by my gentle grip. I see the slight confusion in your eyes, but only smile. My eyes are alight with mischief. You smile back knowing the fun has begun.

I remove a hand from your shoulder and lightly run a knuckle up your spine, from tail to the base of your skull. My hand spreads and the tips of my fingers run back down retracing the course. Even as the chill of excitement runs through your body my other hand has shifted and lightly caresses your arm. While the one hand continues to trace patterns on your back the other slides down your arm until it gently grips your wrist. I lift your arm parallel to the floor and lower my head to brush my lips against the inside of your elbow. My other hand has traced its way across to your other arm and gently grips that wrist. As I lift that arm I shift position, letting my body brush against yours as I move to kiss the other elbow.

Slowly I step back, keeping my hands underneath your arms indicating my desire to keep them raised. Slowly my hands slide towards your body then down, memorizing your wonderful curves, until they reach your waist. I untuck your shirt from your pants and slide my warm hands back up your sides. When my hands reach your arms I push slightly, indicating my desire for you to raise your arms. Slowly my hands climb your bare arms, carrying your shirt with them. As I reach your hands my own entwine with yours, holding your shirt loosely above our heads. I lean forward and whisper in your ear, "I love you" before continuing lean over and kiss your neck. The kiss turns into a nip before gaining strength as I begin to suck slightly on your sensitive neck.

Your body is awash in electricity and the familiar warmth in your loins intensifies with every passing second. You attempt to turn around and hold me once more, only to be restrained again by my gentle hands. You try to turn your head only to receive a playful nip in response. The fire that has begun to spread from your groin has reached as far as your chest. "Please," you whisper pleadingly, "I need you!"

I pull my head back, a crooked grin across my lips as I merely shake my head. "Not yet," I whisper back. "Good things come to those who wait. Great things come to those who trust." Your body relaxes against mine, your indication that you will follow where I lead. I nod and smile gently kissing your neck one more time before releasing your hands and throwing your shirt to the floor.

One hand returns to your upraised two holding them gently. The other I place lightly against the naked skin of your side. Slowly it slides forward, slipping under your breast until it is supported by my thumb and finger, the rest of my hand splayed out across your ribs. I lean forward and gently bite your shoulder, messaging the muscles with my teeth. My hand slides up your breast stopping just before it reaches your areolae. Slowly I lead your hands down until all three of our hands are resting against the back of your head. I remove my hand, leaving yours in position, and bring it around to your other breast. All the while I continue to stimulate your shoulder muscles with my mouth.

Both hands move upwards my palms barely brushing against the tips of your nipples. My hands retreat slightly, allowing your nipples to drag against my skin from palm to the tip of my fingers. Absently I let my fingers play with your areolae as I move my mouth, kissing and sucking, from one shoulder to the other.

Suddenly I pinch both nipples roughly but without pain. The fire which has been spreading through your body flares rushing from your center to all parts of your body in an instant. You moan slightly, your arms tense as the need to grab me, to hold me, to ravish me, becomes almost uncontrollable. But your hands remain where I placed them. My fingers release slightly and begin to roll your nipples, eliciting another moan.

I release your nipples and raise my head. Suddenly I've moved in front of you. I'm standing, bare chested, with my hands returned to your breasts. I'm smiling gently. It had been a test, you suddenly realize, in order to make sure you would be able to keep whatever position I desired despite the need I intend to cause within you.

Before you realize what's happening I lunge forward. One hand snakes around behind you, supporting your lower back. The other hand slides back up and once again traces the outside of your areolae. You moan louder when the intent of my actions becomes apparent. My mouth contacts your other breast. My tongue flicks against the tip of your nipple. My teeth gently scrape against your areolae. Electricity courses from one nipple to the other then up to your brain. Each sensation stimulating and amplifying the other. Your entire upper body is ablaze, the effects seeping down into your loins. In your extreme sensitivity you are suddenly acutely aware of the layers of fabric pressing against your lower body. As if reading your mind I adjust my position, bringing my hand around to the breast my mouth suddenly abandons. Meanwhile my tongue flicks out between your breasts, marking a location moments before I gently kiss it. My tongue and mouth begin a trail downward. Anticipation mounts within you even as my hands and mouth extend the electrical circuit to more and more of your body.

Now your head, breasts and stomach tingle. The sensations feeding each other. Your breath has shortened. Your loins are crying out for attention. Your hands and arms scream to be able to do something to either intensify or resolve the feeling. Your moans are a constant between gasps.

My hands slide down your body, providing you a brief respite from the intensive, erotic, agony. They quickly unbutton your pants and slide them to your feet. A light tap on the back of each ankle in turn permits you to step out of them before they are discarded, forgotten by your shirt. My hands glide up your body; feet, legs, hips, stomach, until they once again reach your breasts. A flick against each nipple and a quick kiss below your navel signifies the end of your break. All of the sensations return magnified. My kisses begin their descent once more.

A single layer of fabric remains alone between ultimate pleasure and my mouth. My teeth lightly grip the top of your underwear and pull up slightly, causing them to press against your overly sensitive sex. The current running through your body has found a complete circuit. You shake slightly as every muscle and nerve cries out for the last little measure that will push you into complete ecstacy.

My teeth release the fabric and I kneel back as one of my hands moves down to your underwear. Instead of removing them as expected one finger roams between your legs pressing slightly. It moves side to side, forward and back and in slight circles at random. The feeling is incredible but the intervening fabric provides just enough resistance to keep you from crossing over. You know I've intended this. You know all of these stages will make the climax inconceivable. You know all of this but you can't help but wish I would simply let you finish now. 

You can feel my weight shifting as I move into a crouch and begin to stand. Suddenly the circuit is complete once more, breasts to head to groin, as I once again bite and suck your available nipple. You moan louder, so close yet not enough. But the circuit is broken once more as the hand on your breast moves away.

You are ready to explode with passion. Each motion, each moment, increases the pressure if only I would trigger the climax. Suddenly you realize my wayward hand is tugging slightly on your own. You let me guide your hand to your naked breast and nothing happens for a moment while your hand is pressed lightly between mine and your nipple. My hand grips yours and begins to move it in circles. Your own hand betrays you by completing the circuit once more. You shudder a little more violently.

I step back, continuing to message your lightly clothed clitoris and reach for your other arm. You stop caressing yourself in confusion as I bring your other hand to your exposed breast. Instantly my own caressing stops. You eye's grow wide as you realize my intention. The need is now too great. You start stimulating your own nipples and my hand immediately resumes its caress, increasing in pressure and speed.

You are close, closer then you've ever been before without finishing. I've withheld the moment longer as well. You have never felt so overfull of passion. My hand stops caressing when it is joined by the other. They move to your hips as my face moves forward. The moment is finally at hand. They slowly pull your underwear down your legs. They catch slightly between the folds of your lips, when they suddenly come free another shiver of pure ecstatic electricity runs through your body. I release them to fall to your ankles even as I lunge forward. My hands grip your buttocks tight as my tongue darts in between your legs. Your hands grip your breasts tight. Your muscles tense. Every nerve is ablaze.

"Finally" your barely have time to think before you loose yourself to the heavens.

Time has no meaning while you writhe and squirm, still standing. But when next you realize you are standing over me. You've thrown me to the ground on my back. You kneel down, straddling me, pinning my arms to my body. You lean forward, your face inches from mine, before growling, "now YOU are MINE!"