 Hello dear readers. This is a follow up of my first story. It's been a year since I've written in here, as I've said before, be gentle, English is not my language, so be patient. I hope you like it. Please enjoy!

*****

A year has gone by, and I haven't fucked Mark again. I went travelling around the world, because even if I wanted him and being with him was the best feeling ever, I didn't feel at peace with Lana. I had an epiphany and decided to leave. Now, a year later, I am back here again. Lana and Mark got married while I was away, six months ago, my dear older sister didn´t even invite me to her wedding, go figures.

As I get into their house, I try not to think about what could it be like if it had been me. What could've happened if Mark and me had kept fucking our brains out. 

Lana meets me at the door, extending her arms in an inviting hug and I feel guilty. 'Why are you so naive, sis?' that´s what I think. We say our hellos, she takes my luggage and carries it to the guest's bedroom where I'll be staying. 

Sipping a cup of green tea as we sit at the living room, we make small talk about my trip, her wedding, our family, and we as so much catch up. It is obvious that she ignores what went through Mark and me last year. My guilt is dissolved as we talk for hours, but when the door lock opens, I just know who is going to enter the room. Time seems to still and I don´t know where to look. I try to be nonchalant and play nice as Mark comes in and looks surprised at me. Lana stands to greet him, giving her husband a welcoming kiss, but he is rooted on the spot, looking at me.

"Dear, don´t you remember Jenna was coming this week? I told you a month ago" Lana says as a way to explain my visit. Mark reacts and smiles to her, "Oh, sorry baby, I had forgotten about it" he replays almost guilty. 

Both of them are now sitting with me, talking and my mind can´t forget, so can´t my body. Mark hasn´t changed one little bit. He is still the powerful, attractive man I lusted after, whose smile makes me melt and whose hands I want on my body. Suddenly, feeling suffocated by my thoughts, I excuse myself, saying that I need to take a shower because of the long trip. When I stand up, I don´t miss Mark's eyes on my body. His eyes making a do over on my figure and I can´t help but smile at him.

At night, as the house is silent, I try to get some sleep, but any kind of relaxation evades me, it seems impossible when I'm all wired off. Darkness surrounds me, when I hear the unmistakably sounds of sex, grunting and moaning mixing together in a heated moment of lust. The sounds get louder and instead of grabbing the pillows so I don't listen to them, I try to listen more. It's Mark and my sister. He is giving it to her so good that she moans more and more.

"Is this what you want?" He says.

"Yes, yes Mark. More!" She urges him through labored breaths.

There's some rustling and I know that he is fucking her so hard that even the bed is moving.

"Oh, Mark, yes! I'm cumming!" I hear her saying.

Her silent climax is suddenly interrupted by Mark's pleasure as he reaches orgasm. He screams and moans like a wild beast, like he can't control himself. In that moment I´m so jealous of them, the competitive side of me rising it's ugly head as I reason that I'm a better partner, that Mark would feel better if he had chosen me. When the house is quiet again, I realize that listening to them has gotten me all bothered and in deep need for release, so I close my eyes and imagine myself and Mark being wild in the bedroom, him taking me desperately with such a passion that even the neighbors would hear us. My fingers getting busy, my pussy so wet and aching that in mere seconds, I'm cumming and I scream into the pillows because I don't want to be discovered. Now I think I'll be able to sleep.

Morning comes sooner rather than later and I have such a sense of guilt. I'm in my sister's home, and I'm still lusting for the man she loves. I mean, the guy doesn't even care if I live or die, he just considered me an entertainment a while ago and now he chose her.

Today, they are having some friends coming for a barbecue, so I'll be helping them to cook and have all it's needed. It's been a very hot day and I've been trying not to look at Mark as we are in the same room. I avoid him, not being too obvious and although our eyes cross once in a while, it's a coincidence, it isn't like he wants me, is it?

I've chosen a very sexy dress for tonight, nothing slutty, but it's something that makes me feel beautiful and comfortable on my own skin, a red backless dress, it's tided up at my neck and my tits look perfect. They bounce as I walk, and the length reaches my thighs. When I get out of the room, Lana glares at me in disgust.

"You look like a cheap whore" she says. 

I just smirk at her, so much for being nice. Her bitterness is her trademark, something she has never changed. I'd like to just tell her that her style is so bad that she looks like a granny, but I don't, I just take a deep breath and ignore her. It's a better punishment for someone like her.

Introductions start and I make small conversation with my sister's friends. They are very friendly people and I don't feel like a total stranger anymore. Suddenly, I feel my skin hotter than normal, the sense of being watched overcomes my curiosity and I turn around, Mark's deep blue eyes are on me, scanning me from head to toe, it's so powerful my reaction to him that I feel all naked. Trying to ignore what I feel, I keep talking to others, making small conversation until Jake, Mark's office partner, starts talk to me rather animatedly about his business. He looks like a very nice guy, not my type at all, but we are just talking, I'm not even flirting back. A hand reaches my elbow for attention and when I see, it's Mark, his face is livid and he looks mad. 

"Would you stop flirting with every man in this room?" he hisses through gritted teeth.

"I'm not flirting!" I try to sound as normal as possible, but my heart is almost getting out of my body. How dares he? I've been nothing but friendly even when I feel uncomfortable desiring someone I can't have.

"What's with the dress, ah? Must you show off your body like a piece of meat?" he keeps saying to me, to everyone else, our interaction could look like to friends talking about the weather because of the smile plastered on his face, but I can feel how his words cut through me, like if he despises me.

"How I dress is non on your concern. You should pay attention to your wife's clothes so she doesn't look like a granny" I say it as I leave and go to the guest room. I can't be here anymore. I'm leaving tomorrow early in the morning. 

Getting upstairs, I close the door and go to the adjacent bathroom. I look at myself in the mirror and close my eyes, why did I come back here? It was so stupid of me. As I'm deep in thought, I don't hear the room's door being opened. Watching to my left, I'm confronted by the sight of the man of my dreams, the man that makes every other pale in comparison.

"What are you doing here?" I ask him, trying to sound unaffected.

"That's what I've been asking myself since yesterday. You come here, to my house, the house I share with my wife, your sister and you think that I don't care?" Mark word are spoken in a very deep tone, asking for my divided attention.

"I'll be gone tomorrow, don't worry. It was a mistake that won't be happening again. I thought we could be friends."

"You want us to be friends?" Mark seems surprised by my declaration.

Shrugging, I nod.

"You know it's impossible, right?" Mark chuckles and it annoys me. why should my efforts be deflected? But it's not enough as he continues.

"How can I be friends with the woman I lust after? You come here and I'm back to a year ago when I wanted you like my next breath. Yesterday the sight of you made me so hungry that I had to fuck your sister from behind closing my eyes thinking it was you! And it didn't satiate me! Made me even hornier. Today, you dress like this and I just wish it was for me and only me, because in my mind, you are mine, only mine. Every man that looks at you makes jealous because you are not mine" he ends his speech breathless, looking like a desperate man. 

Silence surrounds us and I don't know what to say. It is so unexpected and I know that this is a life changing moment. Looking into Mark's eyes, I know that he has made his choice as he reaches to me from behind, looking at me through the mirror, his body hard against mine, his hands going to my hips possessively, his lips going to my neck, inhaling deep my scent.

"I need you, Jenny" he murmurs against my sensitive skin and I moan softly, that's the answer I can give him now.

His hands go up through the fabric of my dress, his big hands playing my body like an instrument he knows very well how to play. When he reaches to my tits, he palms me so thoroughly, making sure my nipples are harder than ever.

"Oh god, your tits, they are so sexy" Mark whispers adoringly as he removes the dress from my body. I'm just wearing a simple red thong under the dress, his eyes devour me as he looks at me completely.

"I'm going to fuck you so good, Jenny. Prepare for the ride of your life" his voice is hypnotizing now, almost like a purr.

I stand there almost naked and smirk at him, knowing how true his words are.

"That's what I want baby, I need you as well."

He turns me around again, making me bend over the vanity, my face looking at him through the mirror.

"Is that it? Do you need me? I'll make sure that from now on you need me more. There's no going back Jenny, you are mine" Mark says as he touched my pussy with his index finger through my thong.

"You are so wet! Is that for me, baby? Is that for your sister's husband?"

"Yes, you know you belong to me! Not her!"

I watch as Mark unzips his trousers and takes down his black boxers and his hard big cock stands proudly in the air. I stare in awe and deep appreciation. His physique is perfect and his cock makes me drool. Wasting no time, Mark tears down my underwear, the shredded garment falling at my feet as he starts to teasing my slit. 

"Please, don't tease me!" I plead.

"Tell me what you want, beg me" he commands.

"Please Mark, fuck me. Please, take my pussy" I almost purr.

"Good girl, Jenny. That's the desperate slut I want to hear."

In a swift movement, Mark's inside of me, his cock stretching me completely. We both scream "Fuuuuccckkkk!" as he enters me, both stilling, savoring the moment we are joined in the best way ever.

We start to move together, our rhythm in perfect synch, his hands going to my tits for support, touching my nipples, tugging at them, just the way I like it. He is such a powerful man and as I watch in the mirror, I marvel at how perfect we look together. 

"Jenny baby, you are so tight! I love your pussy, I can't get enough of it" he says as he pound me faster.

"Faster! Harder Mark, please!" I urge. With every thrust I feel the level of pleasure increase within me.

"You love it hard, don't you? do you like me fucking you like a slut?"

"Yes! Yes! Like that! Like a slut!"

"These fucking big tits. How can't I notice them and this ass! Oh god, baby! You are a born slut! And you are mine! This tight young pussy! Everything about you... it's mine Jenny."

"And you are mine as well, Mark baby! How does it feel to fuck your baby sister in law's pussy bareback?"

"Oh! it's the best! Your sister never lets me fuck her without protection. She says she doesn't want a baby!"

"I know Mark! But you can cum inside me and make me pregnant with your baby!"

Mark rhythm increases and we both are so close, his palm slapping my asscheeks deliberately, the pain making it hotter, our words making us bolder, making this encounter more passionate.

"Mark, I'm close" his stare comes to my eyes on the mirror and we both feel as my body starts to shake, full of electricity and pleasure, my pussy contracting around him, squeezing his cock as I cum.

"Yes! Oh Mark! I'm cumming! Yes! Ohhhh."

My orgasm bringing him over the edge too, his fingers digging on my hips as he shoots hoy streams of cum inside me, making my orgasm longer, stream after stream as he moans and grunts in deep pleasure.

"Take it Jenny! Take all my cum!" Mark repeats over and over again.

As the intensity of the moment vanishes, we look at each other from the mirror, Mark get his cock out of me and spins me around to him and kisses me. The kiss is sweet and such a contradiction to what we just did. Our tongues search each other as our lips connect. His hands on my waist and mine around his neck. 

"I didn't even kissed you before" Mark smiles against my lips.

"I've missed you" I confess.

"Me too! Jenny, you are mine now. There won't be running away this time."

"No Mark! I'm not going away this time!"

"Next time, I want you on my bed, where you belong. I want to make a baby with you."

"Oh Mark! That's so hot! I can't wait!"

We kiss again, this time fixing our clothes, ready to go back to the party as if nothing had happened.

*****

-Thanks for reading! Do you want to know what's next?-