 My sister Lauren has been married to Jacob for almost ten years now, and she loves him and worships the ground he walks on. They have two children together and they have the perfect relationship... or so it would seem, you see for the past four months I've been sleeping with Jacob, she does not know what we do but I know she would just freak out if she did.

It all started when one day I went to Lauren's house to collect some important documents that she forgot. She called me and asked me to do her a favor. She wanted me to stop by her house get the documents and bring it to her in work. I wasn't busy that day, I was just going to laze around home all day and probably use the new dildo I had purchased over the weekend. So I quickly got dressed and went over to her house. When I got there I reached up to get the spare key which she kept on the window sill. I unlocked the door and went into the house. She told me the documents were on her desk in the office. Well an extra bedroom that turned into an office. I walked into her office and I saw the folder with the documents right where she said it would be. I scooped it up and walked out the office. I was in the hallway almost to the top of the stairs when I saw Jacob walk out of the master bedroom butt naked.

I was shocked I didn't think he would have been home not to mention naked. My shock wore off quickly when I glanced down and saw his huge dick.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know you were home or I would have knocked." I said embarrassed

'That's okay' he replied as he ducked back into the bedroom.

When he returned he had on a pajama pants. Although the pants were loose I could still see the bulge of his penis. All kinds of naughty things ran across my mind. I told myself to stop because he's my sister's husband and I can't do that to my sister, but I couldn't help but thinking what it would feel like to have his cock sliding in and out of my wet pussy. I thought about sucking his dick until he couldn't hold back any longer and then him cuming in my mouth. I smiled and licked my lips at the thought.

"What are you doing home this time of the day?" I asked

"I just wasn't feeling to go to work, Lauren and I had a fight last night and I'm just so stressed"

"Aww, what did you guys fight about?"

"Mmm, just relationship stuff." he sighed

I had the feeling that he wanted to say something else but didn't know if he should.

"Just relationship stuff, you can't be so stressed over just relationship stuff. What's wrong, you know you can tell me..." I cajoled

"I don't know if I should tell you, Lauren might not like it if I told you what our argument was about." 

"I'm not going to tell her what we talked about, you can can tell me '

"Okay last night Lauren and I went to the Moore's house for dinner and when we came home I was horny so I started caressing her legs and touching her boobs thinking she would also want to do it, but she just pushed me away and said she wasn't in the mood." he stopped talking and walked back into the bedroom and sat on the edge of the bed. I followed wanting to hear more.

"So you guys had an argument because you wanted to have sex and she didn't?" I asked him, trying to move along the conversation.

"Yeah, she hasn't wanted to have sex for a while now, every time I try to make love to her she either says she's too tired or too busy."

I looked at him and wondered why on earth my sister wouldn't have sex with him. He was very handsome. Jacob was tall, with a very sexy, muscular body. His body wasn't overly muscular, it was just right. He had a strong jaw line, brown, piercing eyes that seemed to be able to look into your soul, his hair was cut low and he had beautiful light brown skin. And most importantly his dick was huge. I know I'd fuck him in a heartbeat so I couldn't understand why Lauren didn't want to.

I looked at him sitting on the edge of the bed, he was so sexy. I made up my mind; I just had to feel him in me. My pussy got wet just thinking about him in me and my heart raced with excitement at was I was getting ready to do. I stepped closer to him and I said

"You know I don't know what is wrong with Lauren but I know I would not turn you down if you asked me for sex."

He looked up at me shocked at first but then I saw a smile appear on his face.

"You would have sex with me?" he asked

"Yes, I would, ever since I saw you naked I've been thinking about your nice big dick fucking me hard."

I knelt down in front of him and rubbed his dick through his pants. He hesitated at first but then he pulled his dick out and let it flop in front my face. I immediately put it in my mouth and began sucking; I slid my mouth up and down on his cock. It felt so good, as I sucked and slurped on it. He guided my head up and down his dick and started to pump my mouth harder and faster. I could feel him get really excited as he plunged it deeper in my throat. I felt his dick grow as he continued fucking my throat.

"Oh yes, fuck baby suck that dick!" he groaned "I can't wait to fuck you"

He pulled me up to him so he could reach my boobs and he caressed them and sucked my nipples. I was getting so turned on. He stood up and told me to lie on the bed, I did and he spread my legs to reveal my wet pussy.

"Oh my gosh, You are so wet." he said as he rubbed my clit

"I'm wet for you baby" I replied "I want you to fuck me"

He put the tip of his dick in my pussy, slowly at first then he starts pounding into me deeper and harder. His balls slam against my ass every time he thrusts into me. It feels so good. 

"Your dick feels so good inside me, we shouldn't be doing this but I don't care. I want you to fuck me hard until you cum" I breathed

I begged him to fuck me deeper and harder. I moaned louder and louder as the scent of sex filled the room. We were fucking like two wild animals in heat. 

I climbed on top of him and slowly lowered myself unto his rock hard dick. It stretched my pussy hole open and throbbed as I was sliding up and down his shaft. I felt my pussy getting wetter by the second. 

I leaned forward so he could suck on my tits while I started to ride his hard dick up and down. My pussy walls started to convulse and clutch and grip around his hard pole. I moved my hips in circles and started to grind into him. He started licking and gently biting my nipple as he was thrusting up into me. We fucked in perfect rhythm for what seemed to be hours. I was enjoying the feeling of his mouth sucking my nipples and his dick deep in my cunt. His hands were on my ass, pulling me down onto him with every thrust.

All of a sudden my body was convulsing like never before. My eyes were rolled back in my head as I lost all control. It felt like I was cumming for hours. It got to the point where I couldn't breathe anymore.

"Tell me how bad you want this cum baby!" he said in between moans.

"I want it so bad my body is trembling all over! I will do anything for you to shoot that hot fucking cum deep in me." I said

He pulled me down onto him and held me there as he came inside me. He burst his entire thick warm cum deep inside of me. It felt so warm and gooey. I felt his hot jizz shooting all the way up into my tummy. It felt like there was a gallon of it shooting into me. I felt his dick throbbing inside me with every squirt, and it continued even after he was empty. He didn't want to let go of me, he just held me there... and I didn't want to move anyway. I don't think my legs would have held me up even if I wanted to. I just wanted to lay there on top of him forever.