 It was a cold, rainy day like any other in Seattle. I found myself living with Natalie, my twin sister and her husband, Lliam. Because the three of us split the cost, rent was really cheap for a spacious loft apartment downtown. I was surprisingly comfortable with the arrangements, despite the fact that my roommates where a married couple. I am very close with my sister, and we would give anything for the others happiness. Which is why my story is so interesting. 

I had recently gone through a nasty break up with my fiancé. I was nothing short of depressed and felt very lonely. Plus, the fact of being in a new place, I felt shut off socially from the rest of the world. It got a little worse when I would see Lliam and my sister together. He was so nice to her and I could tell he really loved her. I suppose I was a little jealous. 

I began wishing I had my sister's life. A little off, I know. But I would see them kiss, and wish it were I being kissed. It got to the point where I would listen for signs that they were having sex and masturbate to the thought as if I were being pleasured. I was lost in a rut- until that morning.

I awoke early, and was lying on the couch watching TV. I hadn't bothered getting dressed and was wearing only an old t-shirt and a pair of cotton panties. Oh, and socks, of course. Natalie was off at work and Lliam still slept up in their room. I had decided to take the day off and was looking forward to doing a whole lot of nothing. I knew Lliam worked at home, so I also maybe wanted to hang out with him or something. I heard him rise and get into the shower. A few minutes later, he strolls into the living room stark naked! I guess he didn't see me because I was lying on the couch. Lliam walked right past me and into the kitchen and opened the fridge. Bending over as he did it, I might add. 

My heart was racing. I had been without for a few months now, and the sight of the opposite sex in the nude, made me tingle. Not to mention, my sister and I have similar tastes in men. And Lliam was nothing short of perfect in my book. Sure he had some personality flaws- don't all guys? But on the physical side of things, he is really cute. The sight of his tall, slender body and massive limp cock, swaying as he walked- my panties where instantly soaked. I said nothing. I just sat there getting hornier as he stood before me. Then he turned to see me, with this giant grin on my face.

"Oh my god Sarah!" He exclaimed. Lliam was obviously embarrassed. "I thought you were working today!" He made not attempt to cover himself, what was the point really. "Well, I took the day off." I replied. "Good thing too, I wouldn't have wanted to miss this!"

This was my one chance. It was now or never if I was to indulge my forbidden desires. My head was racing. I gave Lliam the "smile and look"- you know what I mean. Then I parted my legs a bit to drive the advance home. The look on his face was undeniable. Shock mixed with sheer delight. He moved over to the couch, climbing over the armrest, easing himself up between my thighs. "I want you to make love to me Lliam." I stated. The look on my face said it all. Then Lliam replied, "Oh Sarah, do you have any idea how much I've wanted this?" I did in fact. He and I did our fare share of flirting while Natalie wasn't looking- and sometimes when she was!

With that we began kissing passionately. Our tongues danced between each other's mouths, our breath finding rhythm between each other's lusts. I felt Lliam's cock stir and press against my pelvis. Letting out a moan, I ground my hips against him- squeezing his butt with both hands. Lliam began to kiss my ear softly, then moved down my neck. His hot breath sending shivers down my spine. I felt his hand slid underneath my shirt, making its way toward my breast. As his fingers made contact with my left nipple, Lliam's mouth found the right; kissing and nibbling through the worn fabric of my T'. My head was spinning. I began rubbing my swollen pussy through my panties. My shirt was now completely pulled up and Lliam was sucking and kissing my nipples full on.

After a minute of this, I wanted to scream. I began to remove my cotton undies. Lliam came to my aid and eased them around my knees and down past my ankles. I proceeded to spread my legs wide. He smiled, knowing full well what I wanted. Lliam teased me a bit, kissed my tummy and sliding his tongue around the top of my mound, where my pubic hair would be. I arched my cunny upwards and he took to licking my clit gently. Parting my folds with his tongue and licking at it with smooth motion. It wasn't long before his actions became more deliberate and intensified. Lliam sucked hungrily at my pussy, sliding his tongue up and down my tiny slit gliding his mouth across my shaven, bald labia. I would spasm and jerk every time his tongue met my clit. Every gasp brought me one step closer to orgasm, and that's exactly what he wanted. I could feel a climax building. I grabbed Lliam's head and pulled his face onto my pussy.

His frenzy continued as uncontrollable moans escaped my lips. My muscles tensed as a massive orgasm shuttered through my body. Lliam grabbed my hips and only eats at me harder. I cry out loud as my pussy quivers and I feel the increased wetness of my cumming. My head is in a daze. I look up and see Lliam, poised over me with his 7 and a half-inch cock pointing straight at me. He leans down over me and begins to kiss me full on the lips again. I can taste the mixture of saliva and my own juices on his mouth. It drives me wild with lust. As I lick the traces of my pussy from his face, Lliam takes his dick and begins to rub my clit with its head then slides it around through the creamy folds. I bite my lip in anticipation. Then he pauses, looks me deep in the eyes; and his rod slowly penetrates my tight little hole. 

"Oh God, Lliam!" I cry as he fills me inch by inch. Arching my legs up, I allow him to sink his cock even deeper into my accepting cunny. By now my juices have fully soaked his invading prick, allowing him to penetrate more easily. Our bodies matched in rhythm as we writhed on the couch in forbidden desire. Lliam fucked deep into me, his lips kissing my neck softly. I ran my hands down his back and grabbed his ass bucking up against his stiff member. With every thrust, Lliam's pelvic bone would grind onto my swollen clit, sending waves of pleasure through my body. I couldn't help but gasp and moan as ecstasy overtook me.

Then Lliam grabbed my arms as we changed positions. He sat on the couch and pulled me over him. I straddled his lap, taking his erect penis in hand. He reached around, sliding his hands across my butt, guiding his fingers to my creamy folds. My eyes met his and we smiled to each other. We where doing something considered so wrong and yet we loved every moment of it. Here I was committing adultery with my own sister's husband and there he was, ready to fuck his wife's twin to orgasm. The situation made it that much more exhilarating. I eased up and positioned his hard-on at the opening of my sex. I proceeded to ease myself onto Lliam, his manhood sliding deep between my wet slit with a slurp. Lliam took my hips and pushed up inside me as far as he could. I arched my back as he leaned forward sucking my right nipple into his mouth. All the while, riding his cock and running my fingers through his hair.

"Ohhhh Lliam!" I cried. "You feel so good. Keep going, don't stop!" I heard myself say as I felt another orgasm building. Sounds of lust filled the room as he pumped his rod into me. Lliam's hands tightly grabbed my ass driving his prick wildly into my velvet, smooth pussy. Our lips locked in passion and our tongues flailed in each other's mouths. The grinding on his cock became more intense as my climax wrecked through me. I squeeled like a little girl, cumming on his prick with a burst of fluid leaking out and soaking the seat cushion. The warm sensations of my creamy pussy around his tight hard muscle proved too much for him. I leaned forward as Lliam pulled my ass and cunny apart, slamming his cock home.

With a loud grunt, Lliam tensed. I could feel the initial blast of hot, thick cum coat the inner walls of my hungry slit. Another blast immediately followed, completely filling me. Lliam came for a good 15 seconds or so. His white seed, leaking from my pussy as continued to pump in and out. The smell of sex and sweat filled the air as Lliam held me tight; his cum dribbling out of me and down his balls. We sat in our forbidden embrace, breathing heavily. I was coming to terms with what had just happened. I felt many emotions and regret was not one them. I could let this go on forever and judging from Lliam's response, I think he could too. 

We kissed like lovers for a while longer then broke our bond long enough for me to shower. Though we tried to carry on our day like normal we found ourselves repeating the mornings events for the rest of the day until my sister came home. We aren't sure how yet, but we plan to include my sister in our little game- eventually. Until then, we'll just continue our affair in secret during the day. Lliam is some of the best sex I've ever had and I suggest, if you have a brother-in-law you find even remotely attractive, approach him with the idea and let the moment take you where it may!