 I awoke next to Jessika. As I lay listening to my brunette lover breathing, I reflected on the night before. After our dinner date, she had told me that she wanted me to make love to her and pretend that it meant something more than just being friends-with-benefits. I had been unsure about the pretending part, but I had gone along. The result had been an intense orgasm for Jessika followed by her finishing me off with her incredible mouth. Then, after we had both dozed, she woke me up and asked me to engage in hard, nasty sex with her on the floor. I had gone along with that as well, even though I had noticed that Jessika had been crying before she woke me. 

I could not say I regretted either time with Jessika, but I was worried about what she was feeling and whether what I thought was the inevitable transformation of our relationship away from friends-with-benefits was something she would fight or allow to happen naturally. 

Movement beside me caught my attention, and I turned to see Jessika looking at me. Her gray eyes still showed some hint of red, but she was smiling.

"Tender and slow or hard and nasty, you sure do please, Mr. Warner," she told me. "I never thought one man could do both for me so well."

"It's because of you, Jessika," I told her, stroking her soft hair. "I want to please you."

"Oh, and you do," she sighed. "So, so much."

We both fell silent for a few seconds before Jessika asked, "Do you think I could get you hard enough for me to ride? I know I've probably drained you dry at this point."

"I would be shocked if you could," I grinned. "But you've shocked me before."

"Is that an invitation to try?"

"I guess so."

Before I had finished speaking, Jessika repositioned herself so she could take me into her mouth. However, unlike the night before, I never achieved a full erection. Knowing it was not going to happen, I moved Jessika's head away. 

"Lie back and spread your legs," I told her. 

The brunette narrowed her eyes and looked at me, then she did as I said. When she was in position, I kissed and sucked both her nipples, then began kissing my way down her abdomen, which quivered under my touch. 

"That won't be fair to you," Jessika protested as I reached her groin and began kissing around her pussy. 

"Just shut up and enjoy yourself, Jessika," I said right before using my fingers to spread her labia so I could get at her clitoris with my tongue. 

"I always do with you," she moaned, tightening and loosening her grip on my hair as I licked her. 

I thought about putting a couple of fingers inside her or playing with her breasts, but I decided to concentrate on stimulating her most sensitive spot. And after only a few minutes, it paid off as she squeaked through her climax. 

***

Jessika and I went out to breakfast after I had licked her to that one last orgasm. Following breakfast, I returned home to complete the grading and class prep I had ignored all weekend. We did not make plans for a future meeting, other than reserving March 14th. However, Jessika seemed content when we said our goodbyes, and she did not mention needing to spend time apart, as she had done in the past in situations in which it seemed we might be becoming closer than friends-with-benefits. 

As I worked through the week, Jessika and I texted back and forth regularly. She did not suggest skyping again, nor did we have phone sex. In fact, nothing we texted about was overtly sexual, although there was a fair amount of flirting involved. I wondered if this was a new way of giving herself time to either force herself back into believing our relationship was not changing or try to accept those changes, but I saw no need to push her. Sure, after a couple of nights my body was ready to be with her again, but I wanted to give her time to sort things out. And I was hopeful that maybe her visit with her sister and her sister's kids over the coming weekend might help her decide what she wanted out of our relationship. 

I had not heard anything from my other lover, the twenty-year-old Jessi. She had not responded to any of the handful of texts that I had sent her after she had texted me "fuck you" because I had other plans the prior weekend. So, I was surprised when she walked into my office at the end of my office hours on Thursday afternoon. 

"Hey Mr. Warner," the blonde said, fidgeting. 

She was wearing a loose, green turtleneck sweater, blue jeans, and white walking shoes. Her clothing, as well as her red glasses and hair pulled back into a ponytail, made Jessi appear a lot more innocent than I knew her to be. 

"My office hours are over, Jessi," I told her. "I need to get ready for my evening class."

Jessi gave me one of her over-long and often disconcerting stares, but I had built up an immunity to them at that point, not reacting other than to return it. 

"Can I talk to you for a minute?" she asked before moving into my office and shutting the door.

"This is not a good idea, Jessi," I told her in a low voice. "We have not even talked in nearly a week, and yet you come in here to do, well, whatever you plan on doing."

"You didn't object last time I visited your office, Mark," she said, crossing her arms over her chest. "But I didn't come for that anyway. I thought about texting you, but I couldn't get the words right, so I came to see you."

"Sorry, Jessi. I assumed..."

"With good reason," she shrugged. "But I'm trying to be different, and I feel bad about that last text I sent you. So, I wanted to ask you over to watch a movie tonight. I'll even supply the pizza."

"I have class then office hours afterward," I told her. "I won't be done until 9:15 at the earliest."

"Ditch office hours," she suggested. "I'm guessing class is over at 8:15 like mine was, right? Come over after that. You don't have to be back in until your office hours tomorrow afternoon."

"And we would really watch a movie?" I asked her. 

"Yep," she nodded. "If you can keep your hands to yourself, that is."

"I'll try," I laughed.

***

It was twenty minutes before nine when I knocked on Jessi's door. I had skipped office hours after determining none of the students from the evening class were planning to take advantage of them, then driven straight to her apartment. When Jessi answered the door wearing one of her oversized sweatshirts and yoga pants, I felt a bit disappointed. A part of me had expected her to answer the door wearing nothing or next to nothing. However, I was pleased to see that all that remained of the bruises on her neck were pale yellow splotches.

"Pizza's on the table," she told me after we hugged and kissed. "I've got the movie ready to go. I don't have any place to watch it other than in bed, so I hope that's okay."

"I am sure it will be fine," I assured her, thinking that I saw her plan. She would wait until we were in bed watching the movie, then make sure we did not spend much time watching the movie. 

"Good," she smiled. 

"By the way, what is the movie?" I asked her, figuring it would be something not that engaging so we would lose interest in it and concentrate on each other. 

"Watership Down," she replied. "I know it's a kid's movie, but I wanted to watch it again after reading Maia. I think I might have a different view of it now since I know more about the author."

"I have not seen it in some time," I told her, reevaluating my assumptions on what her plan might be. "It is not really a children's story, although that is what they tried to do with the movie."

"Yeah, that's what I was wondering," Jessi said. "I want to read it again, and the book about the bear you told me about, but I thought the movie would be good for now."

After putting a couple of slices of pizza on a paper plate, I moved from the small kitchen to the main room where Jessi was sitting cross-legged on her bed. I sat beside her, and she started the movie. I took care not to get anything on the bed as I ate my pizza, and I placed the plate on a side table once I was finished eating. 

When Jessi saw I was done, she lay on her side in a position where she could see the TV. I lay beside her, watching over her shoulder as I lightly rubbed her side. After a while, I reached around and caressed her left breast through her sweatshirt. 

"Um, Mark, let's not do that right now," she said, moving my hand back until it was resting on her hip. "And I'm not saying I don't want to do anything. I just want to watch the movie first. Okay?"

"Sure, Jessi," I told her, running my hand up and down her hip. 

"Thanks, Mark," she sighed. 

***

"Well, it's not about rabbits at all, is it?" Jessi said, having turned to face me when the movie was over. "I mean, I knew they were kind of like people, but I didn't really think about how much it's really about people."

"Stephen King has a character in one of his books realize the same thing about the book Watership Down," I told her. "Adams was a major influence on King. A cyborg bear called Shardik even appears in a King book."

"And the book I read, Maia, it's also about how people treat each other and how they judge each other, right? Like Maia is a slave but the man who loves her sees so much more in her and judges her differently from how others judge her. That's why he's so disappointed when he thinks she betrayed him, right?"

"Those are all part of the book, I think," I agreed. 

"But there're also some sexy slave girl parts," the blonde continued, grinning. "And I do think her man will still be getting the benefit of what she learned as a slave even though she's not one anymore."

"But generally slavery is viewed as an evil in the book. Shardik, which as I told you is in the same world but a few years later, makes the same point."

"No, I see that," Jessi nodded. "But it wasn't all bad for her either. Things probably would have been much worse for her had she not been sold off, and she learned a lot about herself too."

"Jessi, did you actually like the book and pick the movie because you were interested in seeing it again, or are you trying to be who you think I want you to be? Earlier today you were even wearing a sweater similar to the one I bought you."

"I like the sweater you bought me, so I went out and bought a few similar, although not pink and less fuzzy. I think I look nice in them."

"I think so too," I agreed.

"And I really liked the book. I picked the movie because we'd talked about it and reading Maia caused me to wonder if there was stuff in it I hadn't understood as a kid."

"So you are not trying to be something you are not to make me happy?"

"I'm trying to find in myself what you saw in the picture you sent me," Jessi replied, her intense blue eyes fixed on me. "I believe you when you say you see it in me, so I know it must be there. I'm exploring it because I want to learn more about who I can be. I'm not trying to be who I think you want me to be so I can make you happy. Yes, you influenced my choices, but they were my choices made for me. Does that make sense?"

"It does, but do you understand why I am concerned?"

"Yes, I do, Mark," Jessi said. "And don't worry-I'm still your little blonde slut. But I'm trying to see what else I might be that's more than that. And maybe someday, I'll believe that I am more, like Maia learns she is more than she thought. But like the slave will always be part of her, the slut who wants to be your slave will always be part of me."

"I just want you to do things for yourself, not to please me."

"You do stuff to please me," she countered. "So if something both pleases me and you, then let's not question it."

"But I need to make sure..."

"Mark," the blonde interrupted, sitting up beside me. "Now is the time to shut up and play with my tits. And then fuck me. Or, maybe get sucked off then fuck me. Or maybe lick me and then fuck me. It's all good as long as you fuck me at some point. Okay?" 

"I think we can come up with some combination that will work," I joked, reaching out to cup one of her breasts in my hand. 

The young blonde smiled at me, then took off her sweatshirt. I pulled her toward me as I propped myself up one elbow. When she was close enough, I began sucking on her dark pink nipples. I was glad to see that the bruises on her breasts, like those on her neck, had faded to almost invisible yellow blotches. Still, I was gentler with her than I might have been otherwise, a fact that my lover noticed. 

"I told you before I won't break, Mark," she laughed, placing one hand over mine and tightening her fingers around both my fingers and her left breast. "I'd think you know that by now."

"I did not like seeing the bruises on you," I replied, knowing we were rehashing an old conversation but unable to stop myself. 

"And I got myself off looking at them," she countered, leaning down and kissing me before I could respond. 

As the kiss continued, Jessi began rubbing my penis through my pants. By the time she pulled her lips from mine, I had no desire to talk further about the bruises. 

"I decided what I want to do before you fuck me," the blonde declared. "I want to sixty-nine. So, strip, mister."

I got off the bed and started taking my shirt off. Jessi stood as well, gave me a wink, then turned her back to me. Inch by inch, she peeled off her yoga pants, revealing her small, well-shaped derriere as well as the fact that she was not wearing any panties. I had started undoing my pants at that point, but I stopped to watch her as she bent over to pull the tight pants off of her legs. 

"Are you staring at my ass, Mark?" she asked, looking back over her shoulder. 

"Yes."

"Shouldn't you be concentrating on getting your own pants off? After your socks, of course. You know my feelings on that," she teased, straightening up but keeping her back to me. 

"Socks first then," I assured her, pulling them off my feet while staring at her rounded derriere.

Jessi picked that moment to turn toward me, and I saw that she was holding her yoga pants. When I straightened up from removing my socks, she tossed them toward me. I caught the pants and stared at them, then looked up at my young lover. 

"Check the crotch," she suggested as she climbed up on the queen-sized bed and knelt in the middle of it. 

I knew what I would find, but I ran my fingers along the crotch anyway and felt the moisture that had permeated the fabric. And it was more than a little moisture. The material was soaked. 

"Is that all from just now?" 

"Pants off and I will tell you." 

Shaking my head, I finished undoing my pants, then pushed them and my underwear down together. 

"See, I'm not the only one who's ready, Mark," she grinned, pointing at my erection.

"Are you going to answer my question?" I asked, stepping out of my jeans, climbing on the bed, and sitting beside the blonde. 

"I was wet before you got here," she shrugged, staring me down. "I got even wetter after you were here. And I was wet all through the movie. Oh, don't look so surprised. You know the only times I'm not wet around you is when I've just come hard, and I'm wet half the time then."

"I wasn't surprised," I explained. "But, I do not always expect you to be so, um, open about some things."

"You should," she replied, then kissed me before pushing me down onto my back. "Ready to lick my pussy?"

"Always," I said, although I was quite sure the question had been rhetorical as the young woman was already climbing over me so that her groin was positioned over my face. 

I grabbed her bottom and pulled her closer to me, then I ran my tongue along her labia, tasting her as I added my own saliva to the moisture there. Jessi moaned once, then she grabbed my shaft and started sucking on the head. 

After I had used my fingers to spread her labia apart so I could lick her clitoris, Jessi edged forward a few inches. I was in the process of readjusting myself so I was more comfortable licking her when she took her hand from my erection and swallowed it all until her nose was pushing against my scrotum. 

I drew in a ragged breath. As many times as Jessi had deepthroated me since our first time together, the intensity of the sensation of her taking me that deep was not something to which I had yet grown accustomed. And as always, it took me a heartbeat or two to adjust to that feeling. But this time, before that could happen, she pulled up until just the tip was left in her mouth. She then licked all around the head, and I returned the favor by licking her clitoris. 

Once I started using my tongue on her, Jessi took me back into her throat. She waggled her tongue against me, then slid her lips up my shaft while continuing to lick, taking several seconds to reach the tip. She slurped on the top inch for a few seconds before making a swift descent back down to the base. 

The exquisite sensations from the young blonde fellating me distracted me from pleasuring her as well as I would have liked to have done. So, I attempted to block them from my mind enough to focus on her, but I was not successful. I also did my best to continue licking her sensitive nub, but I was quite sure that I would climax before she did, which would be the reverse of the normal order when we mutually pleasured each other. 

"Jessi," I said after she had made several more trips up and down my length. "If you keep up what you're doing, I will come before you do."

The blonde had been on the way back up my erection when I said these words. She stopped with about two inches of me inside her mouth, and I thought she was going to do what I asked. Instead, she engulfed my shaft back into her throat and started humming while shaking her head from side to side. Moments before I had started wiggling my tongue against her clit again, but the feelings coming from my penis was so intense that grabbed her thighs as I lay my head back on the bed. 

"Fuck, Jessi," I groaned, my grip on her slender legs tightening. "I'm going to come."

With agonizing slowness, my young fellatrix slid her soft lips up my manhood, compressing then relaxing them as she went. By the time she reached the top of my shaft, my body had tensed except for my pelvis, which was thrusting off the bed. Jessi ran her tongue around the sensitive head of my penis until I started to ejaculate, then she clamped her lips around it and sucked hard until I was finished. 

"That was fucking incredible," I croaked after my body relaxed and I released my grip on her thighs. 

"Ooh, using a bad word," Jessi laughed. "You must've really liked it, Mr. Warner."

"Yes, I did," I agreed. "You are a fucking fantastic cocksucker. Now, let me lick you."

"Lick what, Mark?" she teased, pushing herself up so she could look back over her shoulder at me. 

"You're clit and your wet little pussy," I replied, craning my neck so I could take her clitoris between my lips. 

"Okay," the blonde moaned as I sucked on her. 

"Fuck yes," she added a few seconds later as I started flicking her clit with my tongue. 

"God, you eat pussy so well, Mark," she groaned when I started wiggling my tongue faster.

After a long moan, I felt Jessi lower herself back down against me and grab my now semi-hard penis. She stroked it a few times, then wrapped her lips around it and started sliding them up and down the top half of me, her tongue active against my shaft. In almost no time, I was hard again. 

In the same time it took for my erection to return, Jessi's hips began moving back and forth while I used my tongue on her. I could also feel her moaning around my shaft, and I knew she must be close. So, to help her along, I slid two fingers inside of her pussy and began thrusting in and out of her. The combined stimulation had the desired effect, and my young lover was soon climaxing, her vagina rhythmically clamping around my fingers and her body tensing. Pulling her mouth off of my penis, she let out a long moan, then was silent. 
