 This is my first erotic story. Feel free to send me comments and suggestions.

*

Sam was sitting on the couch in front of the TV in his sister's apartment. He was out of work, and low on cash so his sister had allowed him to come and live with her. He was a little reluctant but what choice did he have? His parents wouldn't appreciate him moving in with them again. Besides, it was only for a short time, he promised, just long enough for him to find another job and make enough money to move into a place of his own. 

He heard the front door to the apartment open. Odd, he thought. His sister wasn't due home for another couple hours. Looking over his shoulder toim dry when his orgasm has subsided. Then she lets  see who it was, he was greeted by a blonde-bombshell. She was wearing a tank-top that revealed her flat stomach and belly ring. Her breasts were easily a C-cup just by the look of them and the amount of cleavage she was showing, and her firm, shapely legs were revealed by a miniskirt that just managed to cover up what lay beneath. She was carrying a shopping bag with her,

She smiled at him as she approached the couch. "Hey, you're Sam aren't you?" She says moving around the couch, offering her hand to him after placing her bag down.

He shakes it, gently, as it seems so delicate and small in his own hand. How did she know his name? "Yeah...I'm Sam. But you already knew that..."

She smiles at him and sits down on the couch, keeping her knees pressed together, sitting on the edge at an angle towards him. "Haha, yeah. Becca is always talking about you. So I put two and two together. I'm Liz, by the way." She smiles at him again, but he finds it hard keeping his eyes from her breasts.

"Nice to meet you Liz. Becca has to work late tonight, so she won't be back at her normal time." He responds, making it his business to avoid her eyes. 

"Ah, that's a shame. I was hoping she could tell me how these bathing suits look on me." She purses her lip, turning to look into his eyes. "I know, why don't you be the judge? Yeah! I'll go slip into the first one -- I bought three -- and you tell me if you think it looks good on me!" She beams, standing up and moving to the bathroom before he can stop her. Not that he would. He didn't mind if she paraded around in bikinis for him.

It seemed to only take a minute, but before he knew it she had re-emerged from the bathroom in a bikini that hardly covered her breasts in a suitable manner. He watched as she spun around for him, getting an ample view of her rump, before she went back in to try another one. He noticed the door was left ajar, and least he be caught, he remained seated though he craned his neck to see if he could catch a glimpse of her through the crack. He could see one of her long, shapely legs as she pulled the bottom of the next bikini on, and he turned away just in time as the door opened.

She paraded this one in front of him too, though it looked much the same as the last one. She returned to the bathroom, leaving him more aroused this time then he was before. She left the door open even wider, providing him with a view of her ass as she changed once more. However, she didn't come out as soon as she had for the others.

"Sam? Do you think you could come in here and help? I can't hold my hair and tie this one at the same time." Her pleading voice echoed out of the bathroom.

He felt his heart skip a beat. Help her? He could try. He stood and entered the bathroom only to be greeted by a wonderful site. 

She stood in front of the mirror, her back to him, head tilted to look over her shoulder in a seductive look as she held her hair over the shoulder, to cascade over her breasts. With the other hand, she held the strings to the bikini at her neck. The bikini bottom she wore, he saw, was a g-string, revealing the fullness of her round, firm ass to him. He felt his arousal start to stir anew and quickly closed to the distance, reaching up for the strings so that she wouldn't notice his arousal.

She turned her head to look at him via the mirror, holding her hair to keep it out of his way. She was a few inches shorter then he was, almost a perfect size for him, especially wearing the high-heels that she was. 

He felt his heart beating in his ears as he reached up and took hold of the string, his fingers brushing over hers as he did so. His hands were literally shaking as he tried to focus on the task. He avoided looking into the mirror because he knew his eyes would lock on hers. 

His fingers shook as he tried to tie the strings together, and he knew he had a full blown hard on with out having to look down. It was hard to hide it, but hopefully she hadn't noticed it yet. His fumbling fingers missed and he dropped the string, which fell down her front, exposing her breast. His eyes locked on the reflection in the mirror. He couldn't help it. They were so...perfect looking! And if she noticed his stair, she didn't make any attempt to cover herself up.

Instead, she jutted her ass out enough for it to brush across the front of his jeans, letting out a giggle as she felt his hardness there, before spinning around to face him, her hands and rear on the edge of the counter top as she looked up at him. The bikini top, only secured underneath her breasts, fell down in the front, exposing bother orbs to him. "They're real." She says, batting her eyelashes at him.

"Wha...what are...real?" He asks, dumfounded at his fortune. He thought she was talking about her breasts -- he knew she was talking about them -- and she knew that he was pretending not to know. She jiggled them in front of him, his eyes stuck to them as if they had been glued onto her breasts. He couldn't help it. Her stomach was taught and firm too. She was extremely sexy.

"My breasts, silly." She says, a grin crossing her face as she presses her arms together underneath her breasts, causing them to spill forth from between her arms. "Touch them...I wont tell." She says, licking her upper lip.

His eyes bulge as he hears her words. He looks from her petite face down to her huge breasts. His hands rise upwards slowly as he stares down at her breasts. She grabs his wrists --gently- before pulling them more forcefully to her breasts, pressing her chest into his hands. His erection becomes full if hadn't been before as his hands close around her warm, firm flesh, feeling her nipples harden and press into the palms of his hands. Her hands drop from his and move to squeeze the bulge in his pants.

"Oh my...I think that snake wants to come out..." she whispers, deftly unbuttoning and unzipping his pants before he can respond. His jeans slide down his legs, pooling around his ankles. His hard cock presses against his boxers briefly before she places her fingers under the waistband and pulls down, allowing his cock to spring free.

She can see that his balls are clean shaven and hairless, his rigid dick is about 8 inches long and thick. He lets out a moan of pleasure as she takes it in her hand -- her fingers not able to close all the way around it -- and begins to stroke it. He closes his eyes. This couldn't be happening! This was his sister's friend! But she was so fucking hot...and her tits...

His hands were pressed against her breasts as she continued to stroke his cock. She pressed herself into him, her lips pressing against his, his lips parting to let her tongue in before he pushed back with his tongue, forcing it into her mouth. She moans with pleasure around him as begins to squeeze and caress breasts, thumbing her hardened nipples. She breaks off the ground and sinks to the ground, her knees bending and splayed out to either side, bringing her eye level with his cock.

As he looks down, she takes his shaft by the base, her palm pressing against his balls as she points it straight up. Her tongue snakes out, liking up the length of his shaft as she slowly lowers it so it's pointing towards her. Her tongue flickers over the head of his shaft before she takes him into her mouth. The warm, smooth sensation of her hot mouth around the head of his cock causes him to moan with pleasure, grabbing a fistful of her hair and holding it against the back of her head. 

She hums against his shaft as she takes inch upon inch of his shaft into her mouth until the head presses against the back of her throat. She cups his balls with one hand, squeezing them gently, before relaxing her gag reflex, taking his cock into her throat as she sucks on him. Her tongue flicks out, caressing the underside of his shaft as it slides into her throat, her nose coming to press against his taught stomach as she swallows him whole. She begins bobbing her head back and forth on his shaft, her cheeks molding around his shaft as she sucks like a vacuum while running her tongue over him. He moans again, and a few minutes later his balls begin to tighten as an orgasm begins to mount in his loins. She can sense he is close and redoubles her efforts, pushing him over the edge. His cock pulsates and swells as his balls churn together, unleashing his load into the back of her throat. She caresses his balls as he cums, sucking down every drop of his seed as it spews forth, making sure to suck hhis cock fall from her mouth as she stands up.

"That's one nice tasting cock you've got there." She says with a grin on her face. "I better get going now, though I'll see you tonight." She says with a wink, giving his still hard cock a gently squeeze before turning around to pick up her clothes.

"Thank you...?" He says, unsure if it's the right thing to say. She turns around and kisses him on the cheek on the way out the door.

"You might want to put that snake away before your sister gets home, sweetie. And don't go playing with yourself --I'm gonna eat you up again tonight." With that she was out the door, leaving him to wonder what was in store for the night.