 My 18 year old sister Sarah is very popular in college and always brings her sexy friends round to Mum and Dads after school. Theirs one friend in particular named Nicki with long blonde hair, nice sized breasts and a ass to die for. She's Sarah’s best mate and always comes around.

Last week on a Friday Mum & Dad went away for the weekend and asked me to come and stay at home just to make sure Sarah doesn’t have any parties.

I got there around 5. Sarah and Nicki were outside by the pool sunbathing in their bikinis. I got a nice look at Nicki's perfect ass when she stood up.

"Hi Sam."

"Hi sis, hi Nicki, wanna smoke a joint with me?"

"Sorry bro, I’m off to Brads (her boyfriend) house for the night."

Straight away Nicki answered, "I'll stay for a while and smoke it with you."

"Swweeeeet."

10 mins later Sarah was leaving and Nicki was changed into a sexy little singlet and skirt.

First thing she said was, "shall we smoke that joint then."

Trying to take it a step further, "want a Bourbon & Coke as well."

"Sure"

I brought a couple of drinks in and to my surprise the couch was folded out to a bed. "Sarah put it like that after school so she could lie down and watch T.V"

We smoked the joint and downed a few drinks and I noticed Nicki starting to get a bit tiddly, I felt the same way as well. We got into some serious talking about relationships and found out we were both single. Suddenly she asked when I last had sex. I paused for a while then said 2 weeks with my x, (I lied of course). She then said she had only had sex 2 times about 3 months ago. I couldn't control myself any more. I reached forward and placed my lips on hers. We kissed for a while and I started play with her breasts. She pulled away.

"Are you O.K?" I said. 

"Yes fine, I just wanted to take my top off."

She took off her top and bra to reveal those wonderful breast I only dreamed of. I immediately started licking one of her nipples, she took off my shirt and pants. I removed her skirt and started playing with her pussy through her panties. She was real wet, then I took them off and inserted my index finger sending her into a very strong orgasm. I then moved sown in front of her and began licking her clit and inserting my finger. I got up and lay on my back and she new exactly what I wanted. I removed my boxers and her eyes lit up at the site of my member. She licked the tip then took just the head into her mouth. 

"God damn you're good, baby."

She moved her tongue like a pro, I then put force on her head to get her to take more in. She got the idea and took about 5 inches in, I could feel the back of her throat and pushed some more but she gagged and took me out.

"Just relax your throat muscles. I want you to try take it all."

"It's too big."

"Just relax baby."

She took it in her mouth again and I felt her throat once more. I pushed and felt her give way so I applied more pressure and inch after inch disappeared until all 10 were in. It felt so tight and nice on my cock. I pulled out to let her get her breath back. I pulled her ass round so we were in a '69er'. I started to lick her pussy with long strokes and she took me back down her throat again by her self. I licked her asshole a couple of times and she went wild so I payee full attention to it sucking it like a virgin pussy. I poked my tongue in just as she had her orgasm and I could feel her asshole muscles griping my tongue. I then felt my balls begin to get tight and yelled "I'm CUMMMMING." She took me deep into her throat and I let out 2 squirts down there and then pulled out to fill her mouth. She loved it, licking me clean and within 5 minutes of that I was rock hard again!

I lay her on her back and held her legs up high as I rubbed my cock up & down her slit.

"Put it in god damn it...Put it in..."

I put 2 inches in at first.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh...Yessssss...Do it..."

Then in one quick thrust I forced the other 8 in.

"Ohhhhhhhh...Ahhhhhhhhh...I'mm Cuuummmmmming..."

She was so hot and wet. I started a slow pace of fucking with big strokes coming just about all the way out then plunging back in. I got her on top of me facing me so I could pay attention to her breasts, and she lowered herself onto me with ease. She continued the pace where I left off, she was near cuming again so I reached behind and entered my finger up her ass. That did it for her.

"Ohhhh baby...Yessss..."

That sent her off into several waves of pleasure.

"Turn onto your knees I want to fuck you Doggy Style. She turned over struggling to support herself from her last orgasm. I entered her from behind and got into a fast pace of serious fucking. I spat down onto her asshole then spat on my thumb and inserted it up her ass.

"Ohh shit baby... Yessss..."

"You like me playing with your asshole don't you my little cock teasing slut?"

"Yes ... Do it..."

"How about something bigger up there?"

She turned and looked at me with a innocent look in her eyes, "I've never done that before."

"Theirs always a first for everything baby and trust me you'll learn to love it!"

"It'll hurt me cause your so big."

"I wouldn't hurt you baby, you just got to trust me."

I pounded back into her pussy with strong hard strokes.

"So you want me to fuck your tight little ass slut!"

"Nooo...Yessss...Nooooo...Yessssss!"

"Say it to me baby"

"Fuck ...my...Yesssss"

"LOUDER SLUT"

"FUCK MY ASS PLEASE...NOW...DO IT...FUCK MY ASSSS!"

I pulled out of her soaking pussy and moved my cock up rubbing it over her asshole. I put my prick at the little entrance and began to push. God it was too tight, it wouldn't budge.

"Please stop...It really hurts..."

"You have to relax baby, now I want you to hold your ass cheeks as far apart as you can and just relax."

She pulled her cheeks apart and I spat on my cock to get it all slick. I positioned my cock again for attempt number 2.I pushed a little and it slowly began to give and I applied more pressure till it popped in.

"Ohhhh...Stop please... it's too big...ohhhhhh!"

I stayed with just my head in for a while so she could get used to this new intruder. After she stopped making any noise I began my journey, inch after inch it began to disappear. 3/4 the way in and what a site it was seeing it get swallowed by this little ass. I looked down at her face, it was all screwed up with pain. I pulled all the way out till just the tip was in then eased it back in slowly till I felt my balls hit her soaking pussy.

"Ohh my god baby, your so hot and tight"

"Your so big...Ohhhhhh!"

"Play with your clit for me baby"

She reached under and began to masturbate herself. When I heard her Pain moans turn to a bit of pleasure I started taking big long strokes in and out of her ass. I knew I wouldn't last long and I wanted to try other positions so I pulled out with that little popping noise I love and lay on my back. I then got her to crouch over me facing away and I positioned my cock at her asshole and slowly lowered her, it went in with more ease this time right to the hilt. I could tell she was getting in to it as she picked up the pace. I pulled her back so she was lying on me with her feet straight up in the air and pumped her a bit slower so I could last longer in this fresh piece of ass. It didn't really work well as I felt my balls begin to get tight again so I slowed her down and lifted her off. I turned her back over onto her hands and knees and entered her hot ass again. Fucking with a fast pace now.

"Ahhhh...Yesssss...Fuck my asssss...Harder..."

I stood up over her so I could get better downward strokes giving her deeper penetration and gave her long deep strokes pulling completely out hearing that popping noise then pounding back in. I loved seeing her gaping asshole every time I pulled out.

"Ahhhhh...Yesssss...Do it...Harder..."

"You like it in the ass slut?"

"Ahhhhh...Yesssss...Ahhhhh...I'M..CUUMMING...FUCK...!"

"You like my cock in your ass ahh slut?"

"Yesssss Ahhhhhh"

"Do you want my cum in your mouth slut?"

"Yes.. Cum in my mouth... I wana taste it"

My balls tightened as I picked up the pace, I pulled out of her gaping asshole and she turned quickly to face my throbbing cock. She took it in her mouth without even caring where it had just been. She sucked me hard and pumped my cock with here hand.

"Ohhhh...yerrr...baby..suck..me... I'M...CUMING...!"

I've never cum so much in my life. She couldn't swallow it fast enough. It was leaking out the side of her mouth and onto her chin. She licked it all off my now semi erect cock and scooped the extras off her chin and lips.

"So did you like me ramming your ass?"

"Yes... At first it hurt but I never new it could feel so good, I want you to fuck my ass all the time."

We lay naked watching some old movie, at 11 o'clock she said "Wanna come fuck my ass in the shower?"

To Be Continued...