 As I walked up the stairs to Jessi's apartment, I had no idea what to expect. I had spent much of the day wondering what our 'normal' date was going to be like. My initial plan was to take her to dinner then see a movie, which seemed as normal as a date could be. The problem was that we had done those things before without them being all that normal. I wanted to show Jessi that we could enjoy ourselves being out together, so I decided to see if there might be something different we could try. 

In the course of searching for things to do, I found that the university's philharmonic had a performance of Bach violin concertos scheduled for that night. Luckily, there were tickets left to the performance, although the seats were not very good. I purchased the tickets then managed to land a reservation at a small but elegant restaurant down on the river. 

After making all the arrangements, I texted Jessi and let her know that she needed to dress up for our evening.

"Like my angel costume?" she sent back, followed by a winking face. 

"A nice dress," I clarified. "Or a skirt and a nice blouse."

"What R U wearing?"

"A coat and tie."

"Like a suit?"

"No. Sports coat & slacks."

"So dress 4 me?"

"Or skirt and nice blouse."

"Dress."

"Ok. I will see you at 6:00. We have reservations for 6:30."

Jessi texted back a smiley face, and while I was pleased she seemed to be going along with everything, I was also somewhat apprehensive that she seemed to be taking it all so well. I wondered whether I should have clarified the type of dress, or at least the length. I had never seen her in a dress, so I was not sure what my young lover might consider appropriate.

***

When Jessi opened her door, I was taken aback by the sight that met me. Styled hair, elegantly restrained makeup, and a formfitting red dress combined to make her look older than her twenty years. If I had not known better, I would have guessed her age to be twenty-five or twenty-six. She still looked significantly younger than I was, but I did not think anyone would mistake her for my daughter.

"You look stunning," I told her as my eyes traveled from her head to feet then back up, lingering on the way the dress clung to and defined her bosom. 

"Not really demure," she smiled. "But I thought you'd like it."

"It is quite elegant," I said. 

"Thanks. I thought about going the slutty route just to annoy you. I'd even picked out a super short black dress with a low neckline that I thought would work with that white bra that pushes my tits up, but then I saw this one. I liked it so much I changed my plans."

"I would say you probably made the right choice," I told her, although I did wonder what she would look like in the dress she had described. 

"Yeah, no reason to start the night with you pissed at me, especially when this one looks better."

"I would not have been angry," I replied. 

"Oh, yes you would've. Wait 'til you see it."

"You bought two dresses?" I asked, the reality of what she had said about picking out the dresses finally filtering through my head. "I thought you might just have one you could wear. I certainly did not want you to have to buy one."

"Well, that was gonna be a problem. The two dresses I bought today bring the grand total of dresses I own up to two," the blonde said, a slight blush on her cheeks. "I just don't wear them." 

"Did you have to buy shoes too?" I asked, looking at her red pumps. 

"Maybe," she shrugged. "But I got everything on sale. Promise."

"Still, I was being thoughtless," I sighed. "Do you need me to help pay for..."

"No," she interrupted me. "I'm fine. Really."

"Okay," I nodded, although my worry was not really alleviated, especially after she set a small red purse on her bed next to her black coat.

"I had that one already," she groaned when she saw where I was looking. "And I did not have to buy any new underwear either."

"You had some that worked with the dress?" I asked even as it occurred to me that the dress was so tight that I should have been able to see the outlines of her bra and panties. 

"I'm not wearing any," she laughed, then she kissed me lightly before turning to retrieve her coat and purse from the bed. 

The dress, which had a relatively modest front save that it was form fitting, presented a very different view from the back. From the neck to the top of her buttocks was completely open, revealing her bare back as well as the fact she was wearing no underwear. 

"I take it the gasp was for the back?" Jessi asked after she had donned her coat and turned around to face me again. 

"It was, well, unexpected," I said, shaking my head. 

"Told you it wasn't demure, Mr. Warner," she grinned, placing her hand on my cheek before kissing me. 

"That it is not," I agreed. "But it is amazing."

"So, are we going to go or what?" the blonde asked, still smiling. 

***

When we arrived at the restaurant, a couple about my age passed us on the way out. Jessi was looking at something on the wall, so she was mostly turned away from me when they were even with us. The man's eyes lingered on Jessi's bare back, which earned first him and then me a glare from his companion. Unfortunately, the young blonde picked that time to turn back toward me, which meant she became encompassed in that same glare. 

The woman shook her head and made a disapproving sound, then they were gone. Jessi looked at me, and for a moment I saw panic on her face. But then her jaw set, and with blazing eyes, she turned and took a step in the direction the couple had disappeared. I lightly took hold of her arm, which caused her to turn and fix me with one of her intense stares. 

"It is not worth it, honey," I told her, shaking my head.

"What business is it of hers how I dress and who I'm with?" she snarled. 

"I suspect she was more upset that the man she was with was ogling your back and bottom," I pointed out, which led to a small smile and slight blush on Jessi's face. 

"Well, jealous I can understand," the blonde said, her body relaxing. "It felt like she was judging me."

I returned her smile while deciding it was probably best not to tell her that I was quite sure that the woman, in addition to being upset her companion had been staring, had been judging both Jessi and me. 

"Mr. Warner, you're table is ready," the hostess said, approaching us with two menus in her hand. 

Jessi looked at me, then turned, smiled, and thanked the hostess before I could say anything. I nodded, then followed her and Jessi as she took us to our table. I noticed a few glances our way as we passed by other tables, although I think Jessi's dress was probably the main attraction. And if my young lover saw people looking, it did not seem to bother her. 

Seconds after we were seated, our waitress arrived. She looked to be just a few years older than Jessi, and I noticed my date seemed to relax more as the young woman took our drink orders. 

"I'm glad she's young," Jessi told me when the waitress had left. "It would be much more embarrassing to have an older waitress, or a waiter, for that matter."

"What would be more embarrassing?" I asked, not liking the look in the blonde's eyes or the wicked grin that had spread across her face. 

With a shrug, Jessi started examining her menu. I tried to do the same, but my eyes kept darting back to her face. I knew the blonde well enough to be quite sure she was up to something. When the waitress returned a few minutes later, Jessi put the menu down and sat up straighter. 

"Are you guys ready to order?" the young woman asked, looking first at Jessi then at me. 

"Yep," Jessi replied, smiling. "I'll take the filet mignon and lobster. I'll be putting out later, so I want to get something good. That's normal, right? My lover's been worried we don't do normal things when we're together, and I'm trying really hard to be a normal girl, at least until we get back to my place and he fucks me like the slut we both know I am."

Our speechless waitress shifted her gaze from Jessi to me, mouth open. I barely looked at the waitress, however, as I was busy glaring at Jessi, who had folded her arms across her chest and was staring back at me. 

"Can we have a minute, please?" I managed to ask, hoping my tone did not betray how angry I really was. 

"Um, sure," the waitress said before she hurried away. 

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" I whispered once she was gone. 

"Did you think I'd just put up with you blackmailing me into going along with this fucking 'normal' charade?" she hissed back. "The only reason I'm not wearing the black dress with my ass and tits hanging out is that I really liked this one. You got lucky on that."

"What I wanted was a nice evening with you where we were not focused on sex for all of it," I shot back. "I guess that was too much to hope for."

"Not focused on sex?" Jessi scoffed, her voice loud enough that it must have carried to the diners sitting near us. "Yesterday morning, you didn't let me come and then told me I couldn't get myself off either unless I went along with this stupid shit of pretending that it isn't about fucking sex whenever we're together. It's definitely all about sex, Mark. We both know that."

"So, your anger is overriding your anxiety," I asked her, hating myself once the words had left my mouth. 

"Oh yes," she snapped. "I've been pissed since you did that to me. And of course, what's my problem when I'm pissed at you?"

"This isn't the place for this," I said, shaking my head. 

"The problem, as you know, is that being pissed at you makes me..."

"That's enough, Jessi," I told her through clenched teeth. "Clearly this was a mistake. I just wanted to enjoy a nice evening with a woman I love, but clearly, that's not something that can happen."

"Maybe you should have just asked me out and told me you wanted a nice evening instead of blackmailing me."

"I've tried that," I sighed, dropping my head into my hands. 

"We had a nice time at my place Thursday," she pointed out, and I was surprised by the lack of anger in her voice. "At least I did. And the sex came later. I'm trying to meet you part way, Mark. I really am."

"It was very nice," I agreed. "But what happened later was more of the same. I mean, it was great too, just not, um, different."

"I thought that was okay," Jessi responded. "I mean, I didn't think we had to change everything."

"Um, are you ready to order now?" our waitress asked, startling us. I know I had not seen her return, and I was quite sure Jessi had not either. 

When neither Jessi nor I said anything, the young woman looked from me to Jessi then back, her cheeks red, a hopeful expression in her eyes. 

"Yes, we are," Jessi told her, smiling. "And I'm sorry for what I did. I shouldn't have pulled you into, well, anything."

"Um, okay," the woman replied, not meeting Jessi's eyes. 

"I'm gonna change my order," the blonde continued. "Filet mignon, medium well, no lobster. Mashed potatoes and veggie of the day, please."

The waitress, whose name tag read 'Sheri," turned to me, made brief eye contact, then looked back down at her pad. 

"And you, sir?"

"The same, but medium." 

Sheri nodded, took our menus, and left. I looked at Jessi and saw her eyes were following the waitress. 

"Jessi," I said, calling her attention back to me. 

"That girl has a nice ass, doesn't she?" my young lover asked after she looked back in my direction. "Think we should see if she's up for a threesome?"

"Don't you dare," I blurted out, horrified. 

"Shit, Mark," Jessi responded, rolling her eyes. "I'm kidding."

"How am I supposed to know that given how you have acted so far?"

"Because there's almost no chance in fucking hell of us doing that again. Even if I wanted to, I can't see you agreeing."

We stared at each other for several seconds, then I reached a decision. 

"After we eat, I'm taking you home," I informed my date. "Then you can do whatever you want. I'm done."

Jessi opened her mouth as if to speak, then closed it. She stared at me with wide eyes before looking down at the table, her hands folded in her lap.

"But what about my dress?" she asked in a low voice.

"What?"

"I've never worn a dress like this before," Jess said, looking up at me with watery eyes. "Tonight is supposed to be special."

"After Valentine's Day, I know you can make yourself cry pretty much on cue. So, how am I supposed to know whether you are really upset now?"

The blonde blinked at me, then shrugged. 

"I don't know, Mark," she responded, her tone devoid of emotion. "I didn't know you had noticed that."

"So what is it this time? Real or fake?"

"That was acting then," she sighed, again looking down. "I was playing my part."

"And how do I know this is not acting? Hell, I'm not even sure anymore that your panic attacks were ever real. I think I should have started wondering after the cat shirt incident at the sandwich shop."

"I had one after that," Jessi pointed out, her voice quavering as she spoke. 

"Yes, about something you have not since reacted to in the same way even with more provocation."

"I'm close to one right now," she whispered. "Please believe me, Mark. I need you to believe me. You of all people I need to believe me. They're real."

I examined the young woman sitting across from me, noting that she was shaking. But it was not the shaking, her trembling lips, or her fearful eyes that convinced me that she was not lying. It was a sheen of sweat that had appeared on her forehead. I suspected that it would be impossible for her to fake that, no matter how good an actress she might be. 

"I believe you, honey," I said, reaching my hand across the table. "I am sorry I doubted you."

"Oh Mark," she breathed, closing her eyes while a small smile graced her lips. "I'm the one who's sorry. So sorry. I pushed this too far. I just wanted to get you back for leaving me like that and making me wait until tonight."

"I know," I assured her as she finally took my offered hand in both of hers, grabbing it as if holding on for her life. "I see that was a mistake. Let's start tonight over. You look beautiful in that dress, Jessi."

The blonde squeezed my hand tighter, her smile broadening, before she said, "And you look handsome, Mark. But could you do me a favor and call me Jessica tonight? It feels more elegant. I thought about telling you earlier, but I was too fixed on my plan, I guess."

"You look beautiful, Jessica," I said, using my free hand to wipe a small tear off her left cheek. 

"Thank you," she beamed. "I hope I'm dressed oaky for wherever we are going after this. Or did you want me to wear a dress just for dinner?"

"No, there is more. The university's philharmonic is performing Bach violin concertos tonight. I have tickets."

"Really, that's awesome," Jessi grinned. "Did I ever tell you I played clarinet in middle school and until my junior year in high school? I loved playing Bach."

"I did not know that," I replied. "Why did you stop?"

"Oh, I started having other interests," the blonde said. "Also, my mom was pushing me to continue, and at that point I was against doing anything she wanted me to keep doing."

Just as she finished speaking, our steaks arrived. Jessi did not make eye contact with the waitress, who was trying not to make eye contact with either of us. I thanked her, and she looked up at me and gave me a small smile. 

"Will there be anything else?" she asked, her green eyes holding mine for a few seconds. 

"No, Sheri. Thank you."

The waitress nodded, then moved on. This time, I was the one staring after her. 

"Nice, huh?" Jessi asked as she cut her filet. 

"Yes," I agreed. "She also has pretty green eyes and a cute spray of freckles on her cheeks and across her nose. Maybe we should pursue that threesome idea."

"Funny," the blonde responded, her voice laden with sarcasm.

"I am serious," I told her, not sure whether I hoped that she could tell I was acting or that she could not. "I would love to see both of you kneeling in front of me."

"Fine, I'll ask her."

"Great. We can skip the symphony."

"That's enough, Mark. You're just being mean now."

"How am I being mean?"

"All this threesome shit. That wasn't acting with Amara, if that's what you're thinking. I was devastated by that. You know that. You saw it."

"I am not sure what I know," I sighed. "Our food is getting cold, though. Let's drop it."

"It's really mainly the crying," she continued, ignoring my last comment. "I can cry on cue, usually."

"And being a brat, like with the cat shirt?"

"Yeah, that was acting too. I do it when I need to get out of myself to play a role."

"And the Master/slave stuff?"

"Fuck, you know that's real," Jessi scoffed. "I mean, it's a role too, but a role that lets me be free to be as slutty as I want to be."

"But being a self-proclaimed 'slut' is a role too, isn't it?"

"You know better than that too. You know what I am. I don't have to play at that. It's this here tonight-the date, the dinner, the dress, the crying, the 'tonight's supposed to be special' bullshit-that's all a role. You could take me home right now and fuck my brains out, and I would be as happy as can be."

"So all this talk about trying to be what I see in you is just acting?"

"No, it's not just acting." The blonde sighed. "But it's not real to me yet either. So, I am trying to play that role. At least, I am sometimes. I was really pissed at you about the blackmail crap you pulled, so I was not trying too much."

"It was not meant as blackmail, Jessi, um, Jessica," I told her. "I thought it was playful and would make tonight more intense."

"More intense than right now, you mean? Because this is pretty intense for me. I'm having to pretend we are all alone just to have this conversation. If I did not, I would probably run out screaming."

I stared at Jessi, trying to read her eyes. My young lover did not hold my gaze, however. Instead, she dropped her eyes to her plate. 

"We do need to eat."

I shrugged then began cutting up my filet. It was cooler than I would have liked, but that was no one's fault other than our own. Jessi also started eating. She did not raise her eyes from her plate, and neither of us spoke. To avoid staring at the top of her head, I looked around the restaurant as I ate. I noticed that some of the other diners who were near to our table would occasionally glance our way, and I began to wonder what all they might have heard. Like Jessi, I dropped my eyes to my plate and did not look anywhere else. 

I was just finishing up my meal and Jessi was about halfway through hers when Sheri returned and asked, "Do you guys want any dessert?"

I looked up at our waitress, but my eyes stuck on her blouse. When she had been at our table the first two times, it had been buttoned all the way up save for the top button. Now two additional buttons were undone, revealing a little more than a hint of freckled cleavage. My gaze shifted from the waitress's bosom to Jessi, and I saw that she was looking where I had been looking moments before. 

"I'm fine," Jessi told our waitress, the blonde's eyes darting up to the other woman's face. 

"I am as well," I told her, making myself look into her green eyes. "But I will take the check."

"Sure, sir," Sheri grinned, her eye briefly flashing toward Jessi before she left. 

"What the fuck was that?" Jessi whispered. 

"Maybe she heard the threesome comments," I replied, my voice as low as I could make it. 

"Something happened. She went to embarrassed to shoving her boobs in our faces pretty quickly."

"She's coming back," I said, straightening up. 

"I'll be your cashier," Sheri told me as she handed me the check folder. "And no rush, guys."

