 I met a new lover last night. He will be called my soldier for the fact that we finally got to meet each other because he had to come to the base this weekend. 

We have been talking for a month or so online and I felt anxious to meet him. He had frequently asked what we would do when we met. I would just answer that I would rather just go with the flow and see where it takes us. I really don't like to make plans sexually or discuss sex before hand. It takes away the mystery and I feel like I'm on a potential itinerary. Example: 

7pm: Make out 

7:30: Oral sex 

8: Fucking with woman superior 

8:30: Fucking with woman on bottom 

9: Mutual masturbation 

9:30 Sex in the shower/bathtub 

10-12: Nap 

12am: Watch a porn flick while fucking 

I think you get the idea. 

It's also like going to bed with a shopping list. You just check off everything as you do it. How can you let go and really enjoy yourself with that kind of pressure and expectation? My soldier is not the only offender concerning this. Many other guys have done this and a lot of them used a lot less tact. 

Anyway, the day finally came and I drove 3 hours to meet him. I arrived and checked into a hotel room. I pondered taking a shower because I felt disgusting from work. I'd driven here directly from work, didn't pass "GO" or collect $200. Then he calls, my heart starts to race a bit, but I remain sounding calm and cool. He'll be here in 30 minutes. I mention maybe I should take a shower and he suggests I wait and we can take one together. I decide to at least put something on that is clean and pick my denim shorts and wear my red satin slip as a shirt without a bra and tucked it in. 

I turn on the tv to pass the time. Soon after that I heard his knock at the door and I race to answer it. The first thing I noticed was how he towered over me and then his gentle smile. After saying "Hi" we just fell into each other's arms as the door shut behind him. For what felt like forever we just stood there in our embrace. Standing in his arms felt like coming home, a feeling I have gotten from only a few men in my entire life. I gazed up into his eyes and we kissed. I was surprised at myself that I allowed him to start kissing my neck so soon, already knowing where it would lead. Then I reminded myself that I had a similar beginning with Mr. Canada (another lover) and decided that it was time to practice what I preach, "just go with the flow." 

We broke our embrace and I led him to the bed, my fingers lightly pulling his and sat down on the bed. I watched him as he took off his jacket. As soon as he sat down on the bed we were in each other's arms again, then our lips met in a passionate kiss. I moved my hands over his strong back, feeling the muscles there. Quickly he learned that I love having my entire back rubbed and scratched by getting a gasp or moan with each stroke or scratch he made. 

Soon his hands were pulling my slip up enough for him to see my breasts and his mouth quickly went to a nipple, shooting tiny bolts of lightening through my body that centered on my crotch where I felt myself growing wet. Then his lips and tongue were on my other nipple, shooting another series of lightening bolts through my body. 

Suddenly, as if his lips were missing mine, we locked in a passionate kiss again. We slowly laid down on the bed, not wanting to break our kiss again. Slowly I pulled his shirt up and stroked my finger through the hair on his chest, the lightly scratched my nails down his chest and across his stomach and I reveled in the gasp and moan that escaped from his lips. My lips trailed down to his neck where I kissed and lightly sucked his skin. Then up to his earlobe, which I sucked and pulled on with my teeth. Before leaving his ear for another spot on his body, I flicked my tongue into his ear and was rewarded with a quick intake of breath. 

I rolled towards him to lay him on his back and went straight for a nipple as my fingers continued to stroke the hair on his chest. With each lick and suck, I was rewarded with a soft gasp. I sucked hard on his nipple and pulled my head away, letting it pop out of my mouth. I smiled to myself as I heard his excited moan. Then my lips were on the other nipple, doing the same thing and reaping the same reward. 

My lips were on his again, letting my tongue swirl with his. Slowly we rolled again and I found myself on my back, then felt his hand moving down my body to my crotch, then rubbing his fingers through the thick denim to the wetness growing between my legs. Finally, his hand moved to button and zipper of my shorts and unbuttoned and unzipped them. Slowly his hand slid into my shorts and beneath my panties. His fingers quickly found my clit and the feeling became so intense that I broke our kiss, gasping and moaning. He easily led me to my first orgasm of the night, knowing the right combination of stroking and pressure to use. He held me close in his free arm as my body trembled. Then as soon as I came down, his finger slid into me and stroked the entire roof of my pussy, teasing my g-spot. Then his finger was on my clit again, leading me to my next orgasm, holding me as I moaned in pleasure, then trembling violently as I came again. 

Before he could send me over the edge a third time, I rolled us again and he was on his back. I pulled off his shirt, then he pulled off my slip. My leg pressed against his crotch and I could feel how hard he was. As we kissed again, his hands began to stroke and scratch my back. My hand slowly moved down his body, lightly scratching his stomach before sliding down the front of his jeans to feel his hard cock pressing against the material. I pressed my hand into it and listened to his moan. I knew it was time to let him loose and unbuckled his belt, then unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. Without warning I slid my hand into his pants and felt his hot, hard cock in my hand. I gently stroked him, knowing how sensitive he would be since he was not circumcised. 

We both knew that we couldn't hold back any longer and finished undressing each other. I climbed back onto him and kissed him passionately, then sat up and guided him into me, moaning deeply as I felt his cock fill me up and loving the feeling of it. Slowly I started to move, hearing my hips cry out in pain from the abuse they get from my work. Then his hands were on them, guiding my hips as I moved on his cock. I looked down to gaze into his eyes and was disappointed to see them closed, never opening. I love to gaze into a man's eyes as we fuck because it heightens the connection I feel with him when he's inside of me. I knew this wasn't the time to say anything though. He felt so god damn good inside of me, I couldn't help but say that to him as I rode him. He replied breathlessly that I felt good on him also. I quickly forgot the pain in my hips and moved on my own as he started to graze the skin on my ass, making me moan in ecstasy as the muscles tightened more and more with each scratch. Soon he was ready to cum and let out a moan as I felt his cock pulse inside of me, shooting his cum deep into me. 

We laid there, unmoving, as we caught our breath, his cock still buried in me. I felt him slowly go soft and then eventually slide out of me. I started to come back to reality and noticed the TV was still on. Jeff Foxworthy was doing one of his bits and it got me giggling. Finally, he got to a spot that you had to watch to get the full joke and I sat up to watch. Then I slid off Soldier's lap so he could sit up and watch too. We sat and watched the show together, him sitting on the side of the bed and me on one side of him with my arms and legs wrapped around him. We stayed like this for a while, even when I felt my legs fall asleep a few times. Ron White came on and we watched him for a little while until we kissed again. 

The small peck on the lips started it all over and we became oblivious to the TV and the world around us once again. My fingers ran through his hair as his hands moved over my back. We didn't take our time this time. We needed each other too much. Slowly he laid me back on the bed and laid between my legs. I could feel his hard cock against me as we kissed again. The he was inside me, thrusting deep and hard as he raised one of my legs up to go even deeper. His pace quickened as he let go of my leg, allowing me to wrap my legs around him as he fucked me. Both of us gasping and moaning at the intense feeling until he came inside me again. 

After we came down, he said off-handedly, "I wasn't expecting that." 

I asked, "Expecting what?" 

"A second time," he replied with a smile. 

I immediately thought that I could go over and over again with him for eternity. 

We laid there in bed in each others arms watching Ron White. I asked if it was everything he expected and he replied that it was. Then asked me the same and I said it was and then some. We occasionally checked the clock. I was not looking forward to him leaving, but knew that he had to soon or get in trouble with his superiors. 

Sadly, the time came and I laid there watching him dress. I tried not to look sad or disappointed, but I'm sure my eyes betrayed me. He reassured me that he would try his hardest to return to me the next night. Then he bent down to kiss me goodnight and turned to leave as I watched him walk out of my room.