 My boyfriend Dan just got back from a 6-month deployment in Iraq and to say the least I was happy.

I was so excited that I planned the perfect night. I know that he hadn't been laid in that long so I wanted to make it a night to remember. Now before I go into the story let me describe him to you so you can get a picture of him in your head and then I'll describe me.

Dan is a 6'1 165lb brown haired blue eyed guy that at the sight of this man almost any women would cream. He also has 10 and a half-inch cock that is 4 inches around. Like I said he would make almost any women wet as hell, and as for me. I'm a 5'8 152lb long red haired, hazel eyed female with perky 36b breasts and legs that go on forever. Together we make the perfect couple in and out of bed.

Well now let me explain how excited I was about him finally coming home, I wanted that night to be perfect so I planned it 2 days ahead of time. I dropped his clothes off at the battalion with a note that said shower and change at the barracks and call me when your ready and make sure you get all the sand off you.

The day finally arrived and I waited anxiously by the phone for his phone call, and I started thinking that after 6 months I finally get that perfect cock right back where it belonged in my mouth. Dan has the most suck able dick I have ever seen it’s perfect, thinking about it was really getting me wet and very horney. Finally he called and said that he was ready and asked “what I had planned for the night“. I told him he would just have to wonder about it till I got there.

I pulled up to the battalion and saw him and oh my god I came at the sight of him. I jumped out of truck and ran to him and he lifted me up and kissed me. I could feel myself ready to cum again so my face got very flushed and he looked at me and said “you look like you’re already about to cum“. I giggled and said no but he was in for a hell of a night though.

I handed him the keys and told him drive and he said “where to” I told him the Outback Steak house. Before we even pulled out of the parking lot I couldn’t wait anymore I had to have him, so I pulled his built soldier out of his pants and he was already at full attention. Dan laughed at me and said “what you can’t wait“; I gave him a sly smile and said hell I’ve waited 6 months. I took him into my mouth and as he climaxed and as he shot his sweet juices in my mouth, I had a toe curling orgasm. 

When we pulled into the resturant and he opened my car door he smiled ever so sweetly and said I was driving home.

I made sure that we had reservations and got a booth so we could sit next to each other just in case I wanted to feel his warm manhood. We ordered our food and he looked at me and gave me a cocky smile and started nibbling on my neck and ears. I tried so hard not to moan feeling his hot tongue on my neck, and the more I tried to not moan, the more he flicked his tongue. I couldn’t hold it in anymore I moaned and everyone looked at me and my face turned crimson with embarrassment but as soon as everyone looked away. He whispered in my ear pay back is a bitch and moved his hand under the table. I said don’t you dare and he gave me a smug smile and went under my dress and moved my panties aside. Dan slipped one finger in my honey pot, just so I wouldn’t moan I dug my nails into the table and as he slipped another finger in my nails dug in so deep I could feel the slivers of wood in my fingernails. 

I knew everyone was watching us and if I weren’t so close to coming I wouldn’t have cared. He started moving his fingers in circles inside me and I could feel the warmth and tremors coming up from my toes. I came so hard that the table moved. Everyone stopped and stared, I could have died but the orgasm left all my senses numb. Dan removed his fingers and licked them and said your tasting very sweet babe.

A few minutes later the waitress looking at us a little funny, brought us a couple of beers and dinner and said that the guy at the bar was buying us the beers. We ate and when the waitress returned to ask us if we wanted dessert Dan said there's nothing on your menu as sweet as her and said I'm going to eat her when we get home. The waitress was in pure shock and almost fell over leaving the table. 

The man that bought us the beers came up and said Dan was a lucky man, not to many women would have put on that kind of show in a restaurant and introduced himself as Jim and asked if we would be interested in a 3-some sometime. I smiled and Dan said yes give us your number and when we get the chance we’ll call you. Jim gave us the number and he left.

The waitress came back with the check still looking a little bewildered and he gave her a big tip and a smile. I explained that he just got back from Iraq after 6 months and that he was just teasing. Her face changed and she said oh and thanked him for being one of our brave soldiers and said she was glad he made it home. We thanked her and left. 

As we walked out Dan pushed me against the drivers side of the truck and kissed me hard and passionately, he fondled my breasts and got my nipples rock hard then right in front of the restaurant. He slipped 2 fingers back into me and proceeded to move them in and out of me fast and hard. I came so hard that my legs went weak and he had to hold me up, he helped me into the truck and as we started out of the parking lot. Dan’s fingers and tongue were roaming my hot wet peach. I’m very lucky that he didn’t live that far from the restaurant or we would have been pulled over for my erratic driving. I came as we pulled into the parking lot of his apartment complex.

I got out of the truck and told him to wait while I got everything set up. I walked back downstairs and had him follow me. He saw that I had placed a trail of rose petals all the way up to his apt, he stopped and kissed me and told me how happy he was to be home and that Jim was right he is lucky. 

We walked up the stairs to the second floor and when he opened the door he was in shock. The whole apartment was covered in welcome home signs and red white and blue balloons he was in awe. I said you haven’t seen anything yet I grabbed his hand and led him back down the hallway and I opened the bedroom door and all he saw was lots of candles and the bedroom covered in more rose petals. I walked over to where I had a bottle of champagne chilling and poured us each a glass, and made a toast to him being brave and how happy I was that he made it home to me. 

We drank and he took my glass and slowly and gently kissed my neck and ran his fingers through my hair and pulled it back where my neck is exposed then he passionately kissed me as he slowly turned me around and unzipped my dress and took it off me slowly revealing my sexy black bra and my G-string panties he slowly laid me on the bed and kissed me starting from the tops of my feet to the nap of my neck then he turned me over and did the same thing to the back as he rubbed and caressed my body then he turned me over again and kissed me hard and rough slipping his tongue in and out of my mouth making me moan with passion.

Dan ripped off my bra and panties and licked me like I have never been licked before. He slipped one finger in my in my tight wet honey pot. Dan proceeded to ravage my pussy with his tongue he put a second finger in me and as he increased his pace in and out of me making my juices flow easily from my pussy. Making me scream and squirm then he dipped another finger in me just to get it wet with my juices. Then he slowly slipped it in to my ass easing it at first until I begged him to do it faster then he fucked me hard in both holes as he licked me till I shook with pure pleasure. 

I threw him off me and started undressing him slowly kissing every part that I bared. I fondled him and rubbed my hands up and down his body, enjoying every inch of his hot form. I pushed him on the bed and proceeded to lick him from his ears to his inner thighs and back up again teasing him with the feeling of my tongue ring

I slowly but carefully licked his nipples working them in and out of my teeth making him moan with pleasure. I work my way down his chest to his stomach. I licked all around his navel and watched Dan’s toes curl as I licked his happy trail all the way down to his hot throbbing cock. I slowly ran my tongue around it never touching it giving just enough feeling to make him beg for me to take it in my mouth I slowly worked my way down and take one of his balls in my mouth teasing it and making him moan. I do the other one when I felt him as horny as he could be and couldn’t take it anymore. 

I slowly licked my way up his shaft making him quiver in delight. I then used my tongue ring to circle the head while I licked the sweet juices from the head of it then, as I tasted him, I could finally take no more. I took him fully in my mouth slowly at first but then I started moving my hand around his hard cock. I teased him with my tongue working my hand up and down turning it around in circles the full length of his cock. Dan moaned with delight and then he told me through his clenched teeth that he was going to come hard. I murmured to him that I’m going to suck you dry. He finally could take no more, he let me have his sweet juices in my mouth and I took every drop, licking my lips for more and as he thought his torture was over. I keep sucking on him causing him to flinch with delight, as he tried to pull away I sucked harder causing him to get hard again. 

Dan flipped me over on my back and said oh you want to play and shoved three fingers in me causing to me to get drenched again. He then easily shoved his hard member into me causing me to yelp in ecstasy, he started moving faster and harder making me cum over and over. He put my legs up over my head and fucked me harder and faster causing me to beg for more. He then stopped and smiled at me and teased my clit with his fingers. I begged him to fuck me again; finally he turned me over and fucked me as hard and as wild as he could in doggy style. He then used some of my juices to rub my ass and told me he was going to come deep in my ass whether I liked it or not. 

Dan thrusted into my pussy a few more times to make sure his cock was lubed enough and then he gently put his shiny juiced covered cock in me slowly at first trying not to hurt me until he noticed I was pushing him deeper into me. He increased the pace to the point where I was using my body to make it harder and faster. Then he reached around to my pussy with his hand to realize that I was already playing with my clit and fingering myself. He told me to keep doing it until I came. I played with my clit I could feel the surge of my orgasm coming from my ass and pussy at once. I begged him to fuck me harder. I came with such a force that he felt my ass tighten around his shaft. He let out a moan of pain but the pain to him felt so good that he exploded into me. I felt him pulsate and it led me to another hot wet orgasm. We fell apart and lied there all sweaty and satisfied, He then told me that he would never forget that night. Then we lied there until we decided to take a hot shower together.

That will have to be another story. Hope you enjoyed, I know I did.