 Dan and I laid in bed and I had my head on his warm hairy chest. I was listening to him describe all of the beautiful and ugly things that he saw in Baghdad while he was over there for the 6-months. But as I was listening to him all I could think about was how I had missed him terribly and I was very glad he had made it home safely.

I finally decided that it was time to get into the shower. I wanted to be able to lather his hot sweaty body with his Old Spice soap. I loved the way he smelled in it. We got up and went into the bathroom and I lit the lavender scented candles that I had bought. The bathroom had enough light where I could see his body glistening from the sweat. With the glow of the candles, he looked like a god. I set the shower to a steamy setting and we got in. I let the hot water hit my body but what made me steamy was seeing him stare at me, it was almost like he was in awe of the pleasure I had given him. 

We traded spots, and I looked at that water running down his body. For that moment I was in envy of the water, I wanted my tongue to be that close. I guess he must have seen the lust in my eyes and he took my hand and kissed it and pulled me to him and kissed me. I felt his tongue probing my lips and when our tongues met I felt a volt of energy surge through my body, it was like a summer lighting storm, the sparks scattered through my whole body. I pulled away from him and grabbed the soap. 

I wanted him to be as turned on as I was. I lathered my hands and told him to turn around. I started first at the tops of his shoulders and worked my hands down his back and back up to his sides he raised his arms and I washed each arm all the way up. I worked my way back down and washed his tensed back and as I washed I rubbed. I worked my way down to his sexy toned ass and then his legs. Dan giggled although I didn’t mean to, I tickled his thighs.

I smacked his tight ass and he yelped and said oh your going to get it.

I smiled teasingly and finished the rest of the back of him. I told him to turn around and his 10-inch soldier was at full attention. 

At the sight of him I could feel those sparks again, and my pussy was getting as hot as the water. I kissed him and lathered my hands once again working on his neck and shoulders. I massaged the soap on to him. I worked my way down to his chest and pinched his nipples just enough to make moan in pleasure, his nipples were as hard as his manhood. I worked my way down his happy trail and just slightly touched his quivering member, a moan escaped his mouth and I smiled knowing how turned on he must be getting. I squatted down and worked my way down the outside of his thighs and washed his cute feet then I worked my hands up the inside of his thighs very slowly. 

Dan was growling with anticipation. I was about an inch away from touching his throbbing cock. I lathered my hands again and proceeded to wash his large sack. I looked up at him and his eyes were closed and he was biting his lip. I worked my way up and just lightly touched the top of his swollen head and he cried out as I worked my hand up and down his stiff organ. 

When I was sure that he was clean and very aroused. I pushed him back in the steamy water to rinse him off. I stood up and kissed him as I pushed him against the shower wall and ran my tongue down his neck. I couldn’t go through the torture of licking his whole body so I went right for the main course. I kneeled in front of him, and grabbed his meat with my mouth. I licked him softly and as I did he grabbed my hair tightly and shoved himself in mouth almost making me gag. I bit him hard enough to make him flinch and gave him, a don’t do that again look. I worked him in and out of my mouth and I could feel him starting to tense and I stopped. He looked at me like what the hell and I smiled, and started to do it again. I worked my hand around and up and down his shaft until again I felt him tense, and again I stopped. Finally he got so bothered that when I started again he gripped my hair tight so I couldn’t stop or move away and he used my hair to move my head up and down on his shaft. Making me gag every time he pulled himself in me. Finally he let out a moan and shot his hot sweet juice down my throat. I gagged just a bit and smiled as I wiped away a drop that escaped. Dan finished rinsing himself off and got out of the shower. I was pissed, and my head was very sore. I washed up and got out. When I dried off, and walked out of the bathroom. Dan was lying on the bed smiling like a Cheshire cat. Seeing him lying on the bed, home and safe I cooled down. 

I laid down next to him and he rolled over and swooned with me. I was so satisfied and happy I quickly fell asleep. 

The next morning I woke early. I got up and through on his button up shirt and my white thongs. I looked at him and he was sleeping so peacefully, I decided to let him sleep since he had been over there for so long and in danger the whole time he probably didn’t sleep all that well. I kissed him lightly on the head and walked out of the room. I closed the door behind me just to make sure he didn’t wake up.

I walked into the living room and turned on the radio softly enough for him not to hear. I started to clean up the apartment and get all the rose petals up that I had laid down the night before. I finished that and figured when he got up he would be famished. I went into the kitchen and started pulling things to cook out of the refrigerator. I made eggs and bacon, biscuits and gravy and coffee. Then I set it all on a tray and made it perfect with a rose in a vase sitting right in the middle. I opened the door and grabbed the tray and walked in. 

Dan was sitting up when I walked in. I asked him if I had woken him up, he said no the smell of the food and coffee did. I giggled and asked if he was hungry he said yes but not for food and smiled very wickedly. I told him that his food would get cold if he didn’t eat it now. Dan looked at me like a puppy dog and said that he had eaten over there but he didn’t get to have sex, and that he was going to make up for the full 6 months he was gone. I looked at him shocked and said what in a day, he moved his eyebrows up and down and said hell yea, and I don’t want you to be able to walk after today. I said well eat your breakfast while I clean up and then we’ll start on getting you caught up. 

Dan said that’s a deal.

Dan started eating and I kissed him and walked out to the kitchen to get the dishes done and the stove cleaned up. The moment I got the last dish done, I felt Dan rubbing his hands up and down the outside of my thighs. I let him caress my body and my breasts for a few minutes then I turned around. Dan moved back from me and said damn you look good in my white dress shirt. I smiled sexy like and said thank you. At that moment I saw what he was wearing; he had on his black Army PT shorts with no shirt. God seeing him in that made my head whirl. He looked so sexy.

Dan kissed me and pushed me against the counter and roughly brought his hands up the outside of my thighs bringing the sides of the shirt up to my waist, then he picked me up and put me on the counter, never taking his mouth from mine. He removed his lips from mine and started licking all the way down my neck, making me as hot as his breath. I felt the moisture growing all over my pussy. Dan unbuttoned the shirt just enough to get to my breasts and he worked my nipples in and out of his mouth. He bit them hard enough to make me yelp in pain, and as he did it my pussy got hotter and wetter. Dan flicked his tongue against my nipple and ripples shot through my body from the nap of my neck to the tips of my toes. 

Dan must have realized I was going crazy. He began to lick further down my body, making me moan with every flick of his tongue. He got to my stomach and licked at my belly button ring, then worked his way down my thighs. I felt ready to explode, but his teasing continued. Dan ran his tongue down the inside of my thigh; his hot breath near my honey pot made me shiver in anticipation. Dan looked up at me and smiled ever so cocky. I couldn’t help but smile this was his revenge from last night. He licked all the way down to my ankle and kissed the top of my feet, then he ran one finger up the center of my foot and it tickled so badly it made me jump. I told him you know that’s the only place that’s ticklish, don’t do that again. Dan smiled and said he could find more ticklish spots on me. 

Dan moved over to the other leg and repeated the process but going up this time. This time he took time with his tongue around the back of my knee, which made me jump again. Dan smiled and said that’s two places, as he worked further up my thigh he made me jump again. When he reached that crevice where the thigh ends and my hot wet pussy began. Dan looked up at me and whispered into my flesh that’s three. I giggled and said no more.

Dan licked the crevice a little longer then he worked his way up to my pubic line and ran his tongue across and worked the other crevice until I begged him to stop. Dan looked at me and said oh so you want this and flicked his tongue against my g-spot. I couldn’t help it I yelped and bucked, which through him off balance and he fell on his butt. I couldn’t help but laugh; boy was he red faced. Dan looked at me and said oh you want to play rough do you. I looked at him in pure shock, I hadn’t meant for him to fall or to laugh. 

Dan got up and pushed me further back on the counter kind of roughly, and spread my legs as far as they would go. He pushed two fingers in me hard making me cry out in pain and pleasure. Then he opened up my lips and used his teeth to pull at my clit, making it hard. Dan used his tongue and licked me hard and fast while he fucked me hard with his fingers.

I was ready to climb up the kitchen cabinets, and I would have if his strong biceps weren’t holding me down. I felt my body tense up and I felt sparks racing through my body. Dan felt it to because he slipped another finger in and started going faster and harder. That was all I needed and I came with such a force that my body started shaking uncontrollably. Dan was having a hell of a time trying to hold me down. He didn’t stop though he whispered into my drenched pussy that I was going to get everything a bad girl like me deserved.

Dan continued licking and probing me with his fingers. I couldn’t take much more. Every time he licked I bucked. It took almost all his strength to hold me down. I finally couldn’t take anymore and I came harder then I ever came before. I had never felt such an intense orgasm. My body was shaking with pleasure and I had goose bumps all over my body and my nipples were so hard they hurt. Dan removed his fingers and as he did, I felt a gush of juice flow from me freely.

God was I drenched and so were his fingers.

Dan stood up and his face was completely soaked with a combination of my nectar and sweat. It apparently took a lot of energy to hold me down. Through my quivering lips and clamped teeth, I asked him if he was all right. He said yes, laughed and asked if I was. I quit shaking and answered him with a deep breath and a wow. Dan smiled at me and said so you think your done do you. I tried to jump off the counter as fast as my wobbly legs would take me, but Dan caught me in his arms as my feet almost hit the floor. 

Dan placed me back on the counter and with one arm he held me and with the other he stripped off his shorts, he kind of had a hard time trying to get the shorts over his large erect member. When he finally did his cock bounced and my mouth watered. I knew it would be awhile before I got to taste his sweet cream again. 

The counter was just low enough for him to stand and reach my still drenched pussy.

Dan slid the head of his member up and down my slit, every time he hit my hard clit it made me squirm under him. I was still very sensitive. I begged him not to tease anymore. He only smiled and used his head to flick my clit again, with every touch I was getting hotter and hornier. I finally could take no more and begged him to please make love to me. Dan asked me if I really wanted it and I screamed Oh please yes. 

Dan inched his way closer and closer to my hole and dipped the tip of his cock in me and he kept going back and forth just with the tip. I tried to push him deeper but with his knees against the counter there was nothing I could do to budge him. I couldn’t take much more of this. I had never wanted a man in me as bad as I did at this moment. Then as though he could read my mind he thrusted into me as hard as he could, making my head hit the wall behind me. I didn’t feel any pain all I could feel was his hard member slamming in and out of my tight wet pussy. It felt so good, I knew it wouldn’t be long before I had another mind blowing orgasm. I felt my body tense up and the warmth coming and Dan felt it too and stopped. Oh God was this torture. Dan pulled out of me and pulled me off the counter. 

Dan ripped his shirt off me and turned me around and pushed me face first towards the counter. He bent me over and my bare breasts hit the cold counter making my nipples hard and sent cold shivers up my body. Dan teased my pussy a little more with the head of his cock and slammed it in to me causing my ribs to hit the counter. My eyes watered from the pain. But soon enough all I could feel was his long shaft going harder and deeper into me. I could feel every inch of him and he was hitting the pleasure spot deep in me. I cried out when I felt the surge run through my body again and like before Dan stopped. He withdrew his cock from me and put 4 fingers in me working them in and out till they were dripping with my juices.

I knew what he was thinking and tried to move away from him. Dan laughed out loud and said oh no you don’t. He rubbed my juices all up and down my ass and stuck and finger in. He didn’t have enough lubrication and it hurt. I tried to move away but his legs had me pinned against the counter. I whimpered in pain and it just encouraged him to put another finger in me. I felt like I was being ripped. I felt the tears building up and I begged him to stop. Dan just shoved his fingers deeper in me and moved them apart and spit between his fingers. He used his fingers to move the saliva around my hole. It felt better It didn’t hurt so bad he used more saliva and put another finger in me. He was moving his fingers in and out and round and round. I felt my pussy dripping from the intense feelings his fingers were having on my ass. Dan removed two of his fingers and bent me further over the counter. He stuck his cock back in my pussy and thrusted a few more times just to get himself covered in my juice as he fingered my ass making sure it stayed lubed too. He removed his finger and cock in unison. 

Dan teased my tight hole with the head of his cock and arranged me on the counter so he could get a straight entrance in. Dan pushed himself in me surprisingly easier considering how rough he was earlier. He moved in deeper and deeper stretching my ass to fit around his hard cock. It started to feel so good my pussy was responding with lots of moisture.

Dan grabbed a hold of my tits and used my buddy to thrust deeper into me. I wanted him as deep as he could go so our bodies were coming together simultaneously. I felt it coming and I knew this time it was going to go all the way, I started pushing harder and harder into him and he into me. I finally let go and I came hard. Dan continued to pump me hard until he moaned loud and thrusted one last time and emptied his load deep into me.

We stood there for a few minutes trying to catch our breaths. Dan kissed my neck and laid his head on my back, and pulled out of me. We went to the bathroom to clean up and after we finished we laid on the couch and cuddled. I started to think about the guy Jim we met the night before at the restaurant and asked Dan was he serious about taking him up on the 3-some. Dan said of course I was, I want to see how you would like having two men deep inside you instead of just one. I giggled and thought about it for a moment and I felt myself getting hot at the thought. That would have to be a phone call and a story for next time. I hope you enjoyed I know I did again.