 I stood in the airport waiting for him at arrivals with green balloons and a big sign that had his name on it. I felt like a total dork but that's what he loved most about me. I saw him before he saw me. Tall and gorgeous in his ACU's, his long legs bringing him closer to me every step he took. How in the world did this man ever fall in love with me, a fat middle-aged woman from Jersey?

He finally saw me and smiled as he rushed the last 50 feet towards me. He wrapped his arms around me and tried to lift me up as I screamed. He kissed me and I saw fireworks. His kiss tasted like the mint from his gum and he smelled like Brut. I didn't want to let go. This was a moment I dreamed about and hoped about for months ever since our friend Rich introduced us on line. I threatened to become a lesbian because my luck with men had been so bad. Rich's famous last words were "Ever date a Ranger?" About five minutes later, life as I knew it had ceased to exist. I was falling in love with his friend and his friend fell even faster than I did. 

After months of talking on line as much as we could, he got leave and decided to come home to New Jersey for Christmas to surprise me. And here we were at the airport meeting for the first time face to face. He was as good looking as I hoped. His picture didn't do him justice. I was so worried he wouldn't like me when he met me. The kisses I was getting proved my fears to be unfounded. As we kissed, the group of people around us started clapping. I broke away from him and told him we should head home. We started heading to my car hand in hand. I opened the back door to put his bags in the car and he pinned me to the car as I closed the door. We started to kiss again and his hand rested on my breast. 

"Mine." He said as I tried not to laugh. His hand slipped down the neckline of my t shirt and down past my bra. I gasped as his fingers met my nipple. The soft circles he was making with his finger on my already hard nipple were turning me on. I pressed my thigh against his. I could feel he was starting to get hard already so I suggested we go home and finish this the right way instead of in the parking lot of the airport. I didn't want to give the guys at TSA a show on the security cameras and there was a bet at the fire house I wanted to win. Something about not making it out of the airport without ripping each other's clothes off. We got in the car and headed to my house as fast as the speed limit and traffic would let me drive. 

We got to my house and we were both tearing off each other's clothes as soon as the front door closed. I had him down to his boxers by the time we got the ten feet down the hall and in front of my bedroom door. I grabbed him by his hard cock and dragged him to my bed. Pushing him down, I took him in my mouth and started sucking him hard. I looked at him with a big smile on my face and laughingly said "Mine!" He laughed and told me not to stop. I went down on him again, licking and sucking until I heard him start to moan softly. I started to stroke him with both hands as I sucked hard on the head of his cock. I started slowly and as he started to moan, I picked up the pace, stroking and sucking as I moved my warm, wet mouth up and down his shaft. I could feel he was close to cumming, so I stopped everything and started to cup his balls and lick tiny circles around them. 

"Baby don't stop. I was going to explode." he said.

I laughed and reminded him of all the times I owed him paybacks for making me wet and him being thousands of miles away. I lightly ran my finger tips along the shaft of his rock hard cock. He begged me to finish him and I thought it would be more fun to torture him. I flicked the little dent under the head of his cock with my tongue and he sucked in air loudly. I knew I owned him at that point. 

I slid on top of him and lowered myself on to the tip of his cock just to the point of having him inside me but not all the way. I wiggled my cute little butt around his cock and he grabbed my hips and shoved me down so his cock was buried deep in my soaking wet pussy. "Oh my God" he yelled as I slid myself up and down his shaft. Slowly at first, I sped up my pace until we were cumming together hard. I could feel his hot cream hitting my cervix and filling my quivering pussy. I rolled off of his cock and laid on the bed next to him. He leaned over and kissed me hard.

"Baby I love you" he said as he started to play with my nipples. "That was amazing."

I dared him to make me cum by playing with my nipples alone and he tried but he was impatient and slid two fingers into my cum filled pussy. I could feel another orgasm building. I begged him not to stop and to my surprise, he didn't. He finger fucked me hard and I could feel my release squeezing his fingers tight. He laughed and asked me if it was good. Silly soldier, can't you tell? 

He was ready to go again. He flipped me over and had me get on my hands and knees in front of him. He slid inside me and teased me in and out a few times before he decided that I was taking his thick eight inches in my ass. I begged him to go slow and he didn't listen. He slid into me and there was a brief moment of intense pain as I took all of him at once. So much for taking orders, I guess. He waited a minute until I could breathe again and he started to slowly pump my ass full of cock. After a few strokes, I was biting the pillow trying not to scream with pleasure. I reached for my clit and started rubbing it as he stroked. The buildup was amazing and I started to cum again as he was shooting his load in my ass. We both came hard and fell onto the bed into each other's arms. He kissed the back of my neck and seconds later I heard a soft snore coming from behind me. So much for him not being able to sleep, I thought to myself. Welcome home soldier.