 I hear the doorbell ring as I step out of the shower. My kids are at school, so I can't imagine who would be at the door. I glance at the clock-it's ten a.m.- and I think I know who it is. The UPS man usually makes his deliveries around this time of day, and I am expecting a package. My nipples harden in anticipation, whether for the UPS man or my package, I don't know.

I dry off quickly and pull on my silk kimono robe. It clings to my damp skin. I grin to myself, realizing that Joe, my deliveryman, is going to get an eyeful. I have such a crush on Joe; he always takes time to flirt with me, and he has a great ass, a fact I admire every time he makes a delivery.

I open the door and see Joe about to turn away. He stops and looks me up and down; his eyes linger on my breasts where the silk clings to my skin and reveals the hard points of my nipples.

"I have a package for you, Ms. Thomas." He finally looks up and I see him smile. Clearly, he is not embarrassed that he was ogling me.

"Thanks, Joe." I reach to take the package from him, but he holds on to it. Puzzled, I look at him and see his smile widen.

"Do you need help opening your package?"

I turn pink at his question. I'm embarrassed enough to know the man I fantasize about is holding my latest sex toy- an eight inch dildo- even if he doesn't know what it is.

"No, thanks," I say, reaching for the box again. He continues to hold it, turning to read the label.

"You've gotten several packages from this company," he says, "You must really like their products."

"Yes," I say. I wish he would give me the box. I pull my robe tighter and his eyes fall to my breasts again.

"I've bought a few things from them myself," he says, "that's why I'm so curious about what's in your box."

Images of this gorgeous man using my sex toys flood my mind. I don't know what to say to him now.

"So you want to show me?" he asks.

And suddenly I am not embarrassed anymore. I am so aroused by his suggestion that my whole body begins to tingle.

"Sure," I say. "Why don't you come in?"

Joe follows me into the living room. I turn and reach for my box, but he holds it, smiling.

"I thought I was going to open it," he says.

He pulls a pocketknife out of his back pocket and cuts the tape on the box. Even though I'm aroused by Joe's presence, I feel my face flush as he opens the box and looks inside. He reaches in and removes the dildo. I turn away, too embarrassed to face him.

"I would think you would get plenty of the real thing," he says. "I never thought you would need one of these."

I face him again. He is watching me, and I can see that he is serious.

"I actually don't get much of the real thing at all."

"You can now, if you want." He walks toward me until his body is inches from mine and I can feel the heat coming from him. As I watch him, he leans closer to me and gently kisses my lips. He is still holding my dildo and I don't expect him to be so tender.

It doesn't take long for me to decide that I would much rather have Joe's cock inside me..

"Please," I whisper.

At this Joe's kisses become more insistent, more powerful. His teeth are nipping on my lip and his tongue is caressing mine. I reach out and grab his hair, holding his head so we will keep kissing me.

His mouth still locked with mine, Joe puts the dildo down and slides his hands up the outside of my robe. Before I have time to think, he has loosened the tie and pulled the kimono open. I am completely exposed before him. He stops kissing me to look at my body. His eyes linger on my breasts and then travel down. My breathing speeds up as I wait for him to say or do something. I am naked in front of a fully clothed man, a man who is little more than a stranger. I am not sure if I can handle it if he rejects me now.

Instead of speaking, Joe cups my breasts in his hands. His thumbs brush against my nipples, which are hard almost to the point of discomfort. Joe leans down and licks my right nipple, pinching the left at the same time. I moan and reach my hands into his hair to hold him against my breast. He sucks my nipple into his mouth, teasing me with little bites. He kisses his way to my other breast and sucks it in, harder this time. I gasp out loud at the pleasure and pain of his teeth.

I move my hands from his hair and begin to unbutton his shirt. His chest is tan and rippled with muscles. I want to lick every inch of him.

He stops kissing my breasts to remove his shirt; I decide to indulge myself, and I lean down to lick his nipples, nibbling the way he did. His moan encourages me, and I lick my way down his chest to his navel. While my mouth licks and nips his abs, I unzip his pants and reach inside his boxers to release his erection. I hesitate when I see it. I had ordered an eight-inch dildo, but his cock is even bigger. Without thinking, I fall to my knees and kiss the tip of his dick and lick the slit, sliding my tongue back and forth.

He moans again and grabs my hair; this time it is him holding my head still. I open my mouth and slide down his shaft, bringing him further into my mouth until I can't take anymore. As I move my mouth back to the tip, I caress him with my tongue, flicking it across his shaft. Over and over, I slide down, each time changing the rhythm. I take him in so slowly that I can feel his muscles tense with each inch; I begin to quicken my pace, using my hands to fondle his balls and stroke the base of his cock while my mouth sucks at him. His hands grip my hair tightly as he cums in my mouth; he shouts out in surprise.

I'm surprised myself at how wet I am, how aroused I am from sucking his cock.

"I'm sorry," he says. He doesn't look sorry, though. He looks quite happy with himself.

"It's okay," I tell him. "I enjoyed it. Besides I do have a new toy, so I can take care of myself."

He looks at me, obviously irritated at my comment, "I'm not done with you yet. Where's your bedroom?"

I show him the way to my room and he pulls me toward my bed. I sit down, admiring Joe's naked body. He pushes me down on the bed as he kisses me. He sucks my tongue and nibbles my lips. I sigh into his mouth. This man sure knows how to kiss! Then his mouth is on my breasts again. I moan and wrap my hands in the blankets underneath me.

He slides one hand up my leg and nudges my thighs apart. Still suckling my nipple, he gently touches my clit. His finger flickering over me and his mouth at my breast are too much, and I cry out as I come.

I am shocked and disappointed at how I quickly I climaxed. As if he could read my thoughts, Joe says, "Don't worry. That was only the beginning."

I am worried, though. How can I tell him that I've never been able to have more than one orgasm with a man? I try to pull away, but his hand is still on me. In fact, as I am moving away he is sliding a finger into my cunt. I am so wet that he slides in completely without resistance. He pulls his finger out and then slides back in with two. Over and over, he moves them in, slides them out. His mouth nibbles down my ribs and stomach. Now three fingers enter me, sliding in and out. I feel so stretched and full, but I still want more. Even though I am sure I will not climax again, I want him to fuck me.

But Joe has other ideas, and I feel his mouth on my clit, his tongue stroking against me. He nips at me with his teeth and then replaces his fingers with his tongue. He kisses and sucks, moving between my clit and my sopping hole. I have never been so thoroughly devoured. My body starts to quiver.

"Oh God," I moan. I grab his head and my legs tighten around him. I can't stop myself from screaming as I come. I have never felt such an explosion; Joe continues lapping at me, gazing up at me with his face buried between my legs.

"Stop," I whisper. "It's too much."

"We're still not done yet," he says and I feel him kissing his way down my legs. I am so sensitive that each touch of his mouth makes me jerk off the bed.

"Please," I beg. I'm not sure, though, what I'm asking for.

"I haven't fucked you yet."

"Joe," I hesitate, not certain what to say. "I don't think I can handle anymore. That was more than I have ever felt before."

Joe looks at me and smiles, "I think I'm up for the challenge."

I glance down and see that he is up to the task. His dick is fully erect, and even though I feel totally content after my orgasms, I do want his cock inside me.

He lifts me up and rolls me to my stomach; his hands pull me up onto my hands and knees. He strokes my stomach and my breasts. I feel his weight against me, his penis sliding into me bit by bit. He stops and his hand gently flicks across my clitoris. He is so big that I feel myself expanding to accommodate him. I wiggle my ass and push myself back against him, trying to bring him completely into my pussy.

"Please," I moan. "Fuck me."

Joe's arm tightens around my waist and his other arms grips my hip as he slams into me. He holds himself still, fully sheathed inside me, and then he begins rocking his hips back and forth, circling around. His movements are so small, but with his cock so deep inside me, each stroke makes me quiver. I can hardly hold myself up when his fingers stroke my clit faster. I feel his body tighten behind me, then he is pushing into me, harder and harder.

I cry out as I feel another orgasm begin. Every nerve in my body is tingling; I feel so week and so alive and when he slams into me shouting, I finally let go and explode.

Joe and I collapse onto the bed, still tangled together. I have never felt so relaxed and completely satisfied. I didn't know I could feel this way. Just as I begin to doze, I decide that I should order sex toys more often. Maybe next time we'll even use one together...