 Katie has been cutting my hair for 2 years. She was always thoughtful and would take me in right around closing time because I couldn't get there quick enough from work. 

We shared a lot in those two years. I felt like I knew her well along with her family and boyfriend. Katie really wasn't my type to date. She was a bit too skinny for my taste. She was kind of the plain Jane type. Which was surprising, because most women in the hair business always seem to change their hair color and wear lots of makeup. The one thing that I found attractive was her slightly larger kissable lips and a pretty smile and long wavy dishwater blonde hair.

Katie seemed to flirt with me a little every now and then. She made it a habit of resting her pussy and slightly grind it against my elbow while cutting my hair. Later I found a lot of girls do it on purpose to increase their tips. But it was nothing serious as I knew she had a boyfriend.

One evening I was getting my hair cut. It was just her and I as usual as the shop closed up and everyone else had gone home. Katie wore a loose fitting V neck blouse and a rather short skirt showing off her long skinny legs. 

We had some small talk about work and how one of my roommates had moved out and we were looking for a new roommate. The phone rings after 5 minutes into the hair cut. Katie goes to answer it. She comes back 5 minutes later and she looks upset.

It was her boyfriend and he told her he couldn't go to the concert Saturday. 

Katie wet down my hair again and started to cut my hair when she said, "I have two tickets, would you be interested in going to the concert with me?"

I asked her, "Who is playing."

She told me who but I really had not heard of them before plus I knew she was into heavy metal music and I was not. I am thinking I don't like her type of music plus I don't want her getting any ideas I am interested in her. 

I quickly think of an excuse and say, "I forgot, we are having a family get together Saturday."

She accepted my excuse and continued to cut my hair when the phone rings again. She excuses herself and leaves. 

Katie was gone a long time. Must had been 10 to 15 minutes before she came back. She comes back in and I can tell she had been crying. 

Katie said, "Sorry I was gone for so long. It was my boyfriend again." There was a long pause as she just stood there. Then she started to cry. She blubbered out, "He just broke up with me."

All I could say was, "I am sorry Katie. Do you need a hug?"

She shook her head yes and moved into me so I could hug her. She put her head on my shoulder and began to cry. I held her tight and ran my hand up and down her back. She moved up and sat on my lap while I comforted her. 

Katie began to hug me back and said, "Thank you Brian, you are so nice." Then she kissed my ear.

Her kiss moved to my cheek. She pulled back a bit then leaned in and kissed me on the lips. She didn't pull back but continued to kiss me. Our mouths parted slightly and our tongues lightly touched. The kissing quickly turned to deep passionate kissing.

Instinct took over and my hand went from her back to her side and my thumb stroked the side of her breast. I could tell she had a padded bra but she moaned slightly as I did this. To me this was the signal I needed to go further.

I moved my hand and cupped her small breast. She started to kiss me with more vigor than before. Katie ran her hand up the back of my hair and pulled me in tight for passionate kissing. 

As we kissed I moved my hand inside her V neck blouse under her bra. Katie's breast was smaller than I imagined. She was barley if a B cup at best. But her nipple was rock hard and stuck out about half an inch.

Katie said, "Let's make this more comfortable." Kate got up and turned so she straddled my legs. She reached behind me and untied the apron on me and let it drop to the floor. All I could think of at the time was I wanted to see and play with those hard nipples.

In one easy move I lifted Katie's top and bra off up over her head and dropped it on the floor. Right before me were two light brown hard nipples begging to be sucked. I licked the tip of one nipple gently with just the tip of my tongue. As I did this I looked up to see Katie's eyes slowly roll up and her mouth form an O.

I took her hard nipple between my teeth and gently bit it while I flicked my tongue across it.

Katie said, "Mmmmm god that feels so fucking good."

Cupping the other tit I rolled her nipple between my fingers while I sucked practically her whole other tit into my mouth. I could feel my hard cock aching to get out as she started to grind against it with her hot pussy. 

I pulled my mouth from her tit. I took both her nipples in each hand and began to gently pinch them. This seemed to really turn her on as she leaned back putting more pressure on her nipples and stretching her little boobs. As she did this she place one hand on my cock. Each time she would bounce a little bit backwards she would squeeze my cock. 

Katie's skirt had ridden up and I could see her thong was wet from her juices. I slid her thong to the side and easily slipped two fingers inside her. Her pussy clamped down on my fingers. I thought, "Wow what good muscle control."

Sliding my fingers out I put them to my mouth to taste her love juice. Then I kissed her deeply to share her sex. Without saying a word Katie got up a bit and undid I belt and pulled my pants down to my knees.

Katie put her knees on the chair then slowly lowered herself onto my cock. Her pussy felt so tight and when added how she could squeeze my cock I knew I would not last long. Her little tits were bouncing right in front of me. 

I took her nipples between my thumb and finger and said, "Lean back until you can barely stand it."

Katie leaned back and I could barley hang onto her hard nipples as she applied a lot of pressure to them. I started to thrust my hips with her motion as I could feel I was ready to cum. With my first ejaculation I felt her pussy grip my cock even tighter. I must have shot 4 loads of hot cum into her when she fell forward onto me and her body shook as she came.

I held her in my arms as I could feel my cock slowly deflate inside her. 

Katie pulled back after a bit and said, "God thank you Brian I really needed that."

"It was amazing I replied."

She looked at me and smiled and said, "I guess we better finish your hair cut."

Katie didn't bother to put her top on. She put the hair apron on me after I pulled my pants back up. It was fun watching her cut my hair topless. I felt her pussy grind on my elbow.

"I thought your pussy had enough" I said.

"I do that all the time. I get better tips from the men." She replied.

She finished my hair cut. I pulled out my wallet to pay when she said, "No charge this is on me. Are you sure you don't want to go to the concert with me?"

I told her, "Katie, we don't have the same taste in music. Plus, I hate to say this after what just happened. But I don't want a relationship right now."

Katie said, "Ok, I understand." She gave me a kiss and let me out the door.

Two days later my doorbell rings at my apartment. I open the door and there stands Katie. 

"Hi, I thought I would look at your apartment since you need a roommate and I need a place to stay since I am moving out from my ex-boyfriends place."

I was surprised and didn't really know what to say except, "Come on in."

I gave Katie a quick tour of the apartment along with the empty room. I told her the lower level bathroom is for the current lady that is living here and we would share the upstairs bathroom.

Katie replied, "That sounds kind of interesting and fun."

We sat down on the couch and I told her, "Katie, if you live here with me I am fine with us playing around a bit. But as I said before, I am not looking for a relationship. Plus there will be times I will be bringing home other woman."

Katie answered me, "I understand that and I am ok with it. I need to figure out my finances."

She reached over to me and started to fix my hair for me. She then pulled her hand back and said, "Oops, sorry force of habit."

I laughed and said, "No problem. I have to make sure I look my best!"

Katie said, "Good." Then reached over to finish fixing my hair. As she did this she moved in closer and put her hand on my thigh.

I felt my cock enjoying the closeness of her hand and it started to grow. Katie looked down and could see the obvious bulge. Her hand went to my cock and she smiled at me. 

I leaned in and kissed her then asked her, "Would you like to go to my room?"

She replied, "I was hoping you would ask me."

With that we went to my room. We stood and kissed and our hands were all over each other as we removed each other's clothes. Katie dropped to her knees and lifted up my cock and started to suck and lick my balls while she stroked my cock. Then without stopping she took my cock into her mouth and took the whole 9" down her throat.

I said, "Damn Katie you have skills."

She looked up at me and winked. She didn't miss a beat and continued to suck my cock and stroke it. I looked down at her while she performed her magic. As I said before I love boobs and hard nipples. She didn't have much for boobs but watching them jiggle and seeing her hard nipples I couldn't wait to have my turn on them. I came only after a few minutes of this incredible blow job. She really didn't finish me off but got up and we headed for the bed.

I didn't even bother to kiss her. I moved my mouth right to her hard nipples. Knowing from prior experience that she liked rough play with her nipples I took her hard nipple between my front teeth and bit down to where I thought I would break the skin. 

"Oh fuck" came from her mouth.

I played with her nipples doing this along with pinching them. I have never done rough play like this, but I was enjoying it.

I moved down to her hot little pussy. It was soaking wet. I took one long lick from her taint up to her clit. She tasted like honey to me. Her moan was of pleasure. I put my tongue deep as I could in her slit and swirled it around. I then circled her clit with my tongue as I reached up with my hands and began to tug on her nipples. Finally I sucked her clit into my mouth and worked it with my tongue. Katie's body began to shake. Her back arched and she came on my mouth. 

I moved up as my cock was hungry for her tight pussy. She guided me into her pussy. I could feel it still throbbing from her orgasm. I didn't take my time as I entered her hard and deep. I could feel her pussy tighten around my cock. It was only minutes and I knew I was ready to come but she wasn't close.

I pulled out and moved her to doggy position. I licked her pussy from behind and slid in two fingers and teased her for a bit. 

Katie turned back and looked at me and said, "Stop teasing me. I want you to fuck me hard."

I guided my cock into her waiting pussy. Watching my thick cock slide in and comparing it to her skinny ass I was surprised she wasn't in pain. I grabbed her hips and started to pump her nice and slow.

Katie said, "I told you I want you to fuck me hard."

I thrust hard into her 3 or 4 times and she said, "Yes like that. Give it to me."

By now I knew what she really wanted. I slapped her skinny ass hard. She squealed in delight. I slapped it again and she said, "Yes, I have been naughty."

I reached up and took a hand full of her long wavy hair and started to pull it harder and harder. I would add a slap on her ass now and then. I pulled on her hair hard to bring her up to me so we were both just on our knees. I cupped one breast and squeezed it while I pinched the nipple on her other breast.

I ran my hands down her arms and took a hold of her wrist and told her to lean forward. I used her arms to thrust into her hard. I would pull her in to me with every pounding thrust. I couldn't hold back and I shot 4 hot loads into her. Katie screamed while she had her own orgasm. 

I rolled off her and lay on my back on the bed. Katie cuddled up to me and ran her fingers through my chest hair. I dozed off. I woke up to see Katie getting dressed. I got up and got dressed and walked her to the door. 

As she was leaving Katie said, "I will let you know in a couple of weeks about the room."

After a week Katie called me and said she and her boyfriend are back together and wouldn't need a place to stay. I continued to get my hair cut by her. She continued to tease me by rubbing her pussy on my elbows.