 My son Tim had just arrived back from college. The first morning back he went to work out at the gym. Shortly after Tim left his old friend from high school showed up. I hadn't seen Jeff in some time. He certainly had grown up. I looked him over and could tell he had spent time at the gym as well. I wasn't getting much sex these days and my eyes roved over Jeff's hard body. I told Jeff he could wait, Tim shouldn't be too long.

I caught Jeff looking at me as well. My pussy started to tingle. I wondered what sex would be like with a twenty year old man. I was standing at the kitchen sink. Jeff stood up and walked over to me.

"Are you working out as well Mrs. Connor?" he asked.

I said I just ran on the treadmill for my exercise. Jeff also told me he liked the perfume I was wearing. I didn't realize it but Jeff was right behind me, his face at my neck. I turned and I think I blushed. I wasn't used to that kind of attention. Jeff pressed his body into my backside. I swear I could feel his bulge against my pants. I tried to move away but Jeff wouldn't let that happen. He wrapped his hands around me and he started to fondle my tits through my shirt.

I didn't know what to do. It felt so good feeling Jeff's body against mine. I knew I shouldn't let this happen but I couldn't resist. Once I didn't fight back, Jeff reached down and pulled my shirt free. Off came my bra as well. That really got Jeff worked up. He pushed down on my pants and panties and managed to get them to fall to the floor. Jeff stepped back and he undressed. In just a few minutes we were both naked. Jeff guided me over to the kitchen counter. He made me place my hands on the edge. 

The next thing I felt was Jeff's bone rubbing up and down my ass crack. All I can tell you is that it sent chills up and down my spine. I could tell he was hard and I soon felt his mushroom at my opening. I just couldn't make Jeff stop. He began to push his thick rod into me and I let him do it. Jeff placed his hands on my shoulders. I was bent over the counter and Jeff was thrusting his fat cock into my belly. My pussy was tingling as my young lover entered me from behind.

What can I say? I wanted fucked so badly and Jeff gave it to me as hard as he could. I am sure he couldn't believe his good luck. I was crying out as Jeff filled my pussy up with hard cock. I seem to remember begging his to fuck me as hard as was possible.

"I'm going to fuck you alright. You will be begging me for it again," Jeff told me.

I was pretty sure I would be begging to be taken by Jeff's thick monster. Each thrust nearly brought me up off my toes. I hadn't taken a pounding like this in a long time. Jeff removed his hands from my shoulders. He reached around and cupped my breasts. Jeff was now pinching my large nipples and I was having all these small orgasms. I could feel his big balls swaying and hitting my bottom. It must be from the excitement of our fucking. Jeff started to make noises and I knew he was close.

A few more times of driving his cock into me and Jeff unloaded. A chill went up my spine as his hot spunk entered my pussy. I clamped down hard on his dick and tried to get as much of his hot oil into my body as was possible. Jeff must have been full that day. It seemed like he came in me for ten minutes or more. Jeff stayed hard inside me and I had a big orgasm. Having a hard cock from a young man deep in me was driving me crazy.

Jeff did finally go soft and he pulled out with a plopping noise. I had to hold onto the counter. My legs were so weak right then. I managed to gather myself and my clothes up. I went into the bathroom to clean up. When I got back Jeff was dressed. My son arrived about a half an hour later. Before Time got home Jeff got my cellphone number from me. He said I would be hearing from him shortly. Tim and Jeff then left to go play pool.

After they had gone I went into the bedroom. I shed my clothes and got onto my back. My pussy ached from the fucking I just took. There was some cum still dripping from my opening. I reached down and fingered my hole. I brought some of Jeff's seed to my lips and I tasted it. I knew one think for sure. I wasn't finished having sex with my son's friend quite yet.