 Before the story begins, I want to thank you Theron for again helping me write another story, and for keeping me so hot and wet through the process! 

When my Dad first married Jessi, I was pissed. He is well into his fifties, and Jessi, she’s only 25, just a couple of years older than me. My Dad and I fought a lot during the weeks of him marrying this no good money grabbing whore, eventually, he won out. But Jessi had no idea what she was getting herself into with Dad, or how unhappy she’d wind up being. 

After awhile, Jessi grew on me, I couldn’t help but notice her fit body, and she did everything she could to show it off - wearing low-cut shirts or halters, and short skirts or shorts to go with them. She was fine I had to admit that. She stands about five feet four inches tall, with long curly blonde hair. She has a very pretty face, and she knows how to use her expressions, opening her big green eyes wide when she’s happy or surprised, or making her full lips form a pout when she wants something. She has a nice set of tits too, she has a small frame, but her tits don’t match it, I’ve guessed that they are a C cup, maybe even a D, I wasn’t sure yet. She has a nice, tight, round ass too, which she loved to wiggle! 

Jessi and I began to spend a lot of time together, since Dad was always away on business, and I’d have to hear her whine about it. One night, I was watching TV and she plopped herself down on the couch beside me and looked over with her sad puppy dog eyes.

“I’m freakin’ bored! Entertain me Theron.”

I laughed at her. 

“What do you want me to do Jessi?”

My eyes had moved from her face to her tits, as she heaved them up and down dramatically. 

“I don’t know! I can’t believe your Dad went off and fucking left me yet again.”

“You got yourself into it.”

“Oh be quiet I know that. But Jesus! I haven’t been laid in weeks, and I’m so bored just hanging around this damned house!”

My interest perked up when I heard her exclaim her sexual life, and my eyes moved down from her tits to her finely toned legs. I decided then that I would get her to stop her damn whining. I moved my hand to her knee and squeezed it. I saw her eyes roll and she let out a sigh. 

“You haven’t been fucked in weeks Jessi?”

She shook her head slowly and pouted, and I moved my hand up to her inner thigh. 

“I could fix that.”

My hand moved more until my fingers rested on her panty line. She let out a moan, but then snapped her head forward and moved away.

“No, Theron. I can’t do this! I’m married to your father!”

“So, he’s not fucking you. I could take care of that.”

She jumped from the couch and went upstairs. I watched her, I knew that she was going to end up fucking me, one way or the other, but I’d let it go tonight. 

The next morning, I was sitting at the kitchen table when she woke up and strolled in to fix something to eat. She didn't say a word as she set about finding her breakfast. She was wearing only a crop-top t-shirt and a pair of bikini panties. Needless to say, my eyes were glued to her as she prowled around the kitchen.

She opened the refrigerator door and bent over at the waist, searching through the crisper drawers. She was only about two feet away from me, and I could see the outline of her pussy lips through her sheer panties. I could also tell that she shaved her pussy. My cock became rock hard within seconds.

Next, she went over to the cabinets and reached up to the top shelf to get a bowl for some cereal. This allowed me to sneak a peek at her beautiful tits as she reached above her head. Through all of this, she continued to ignore me.

I decided to break the ice. 

"You're awfully quiet this morning, Jessi. Is something wrong?"

She glanced over at me. 

"No, Theron. Why would you ask that?"

"Well, you've been in here for ten minutes and haven't said a word to me."

"Oh. I guess I'm still asleep. That's all it is."

"Are you sure you're not mad at me about last night?"

"What are you referring to?"

Hmmm, I guess that's the way she wants to play it, I thought to myself. I stood up and approached her. My erection was now at about half mast, but it made a huge bouncing bulge in my shorts that was impossible to miss. I noticed her eyes found it immediately and followed it wherever I went. 

Standing right beside her, I leaned with my back against the sink, and pushed my hips out, making my cock even more pronounced. 

"Is there something I can help you with this morning, Jess?"

Without moving her eyes from my bulge she spoke. 

"Uh...why, what do you mean? What can you do for me?"

Nonchalantly, I moved my hand to my cock and began to stroke it, seemingly unconsciously. She gasped as I did so. 

"Well, I thought maybe I could make you something to eat." 

I squeezed my cock firmly to emphasize the word "eat."

With much effort, she broke her gaze and shifted it up to meet mine. There was something in her eyes I'd never seen before. Her eyes were heavily lidded and her voice husky as she answered me.

"Well, what did you have in mind, young man?"

I smiled, and leaned just a little further back against the counter as my hand more openly stroked my cock. 

“Something with lots of protein.” 

“Like eggs?”

“No, better than that.” 

My cock grew as I fondled myself, and my shorts began to tent out around me. I heard my stepmother give a low moan, and I laughed as I watched her eyes grow wider and shift back down to my crotch. 

“I don’t know what can hold more protein than eggs in this house.”

Her voice had gotten even lower as she watched my hand move, and I decided I wasn’t going to play this game anymore. I pushed myself off the counter and grabbed the back of her head. 

“I’ll show you, Mom!”

She gasped when I called her that, I’d never done it before. I grabbed the back of her head and pushed her to her knees, hearing a moan from her as my clothed cock brushed against her lips. I moved one hand and quickly undid and pulled my shorts down, hearing her gasp again as my cock came into view. I smiled down at her, and slid my hands to the side of her head, jerking it sideways, enjoying the sight, and sound, of my cock gently slapping her skin. She looked up at me, there was a little fear in her eyes - but much more desire, though she still tried to protest.

“Theron! I can’t do this!” 

“You can and you will Mom.”

She moaned as I said it again, and I pushed the tip of my cock to her quivering lips. She didn’t need coaxing; she opened her mouth and allowed the head into her mouth. I smiled down at her again, as she looked up, her eyes still wide. 

“See, now that’s good Mom, suck that cock, you’ll fill your mouth and get your belly full!”

She moaned again at my command, but I saw her eyes grow dark in protest again. She tried to pull away, but I held her to me, and pushed my cock further into her mouth. This bitch was going to what I wanted since she had left me, wanting her, on the couch last night. 

“C’mon, Mom, you know you want it. I’ll bet that pussy is just soaked right now. How long’s it been since you had a cock between those luscious lips? Hmmmm?”

I began to thrust my hips gently into her face, and she opened her mouth wider, issuing forth yet another moan as she began to move her own head back and forth, and her tongue began to circle the shaft of my cock. I had decided as my Dad’s wife sucked my cock, that this was all the slut was getting right now. I wasn’t going to fuck her yet; I was going to keep this bitch in heat all day. I broke out of my thoughts when I felt her mouth leave my cock. She moved her hands up and began to stroke the shaft of my cock as she smiled up at me before placing her lips back to the head of my cock, stroking and sucking me. 

“You do know how to suck cock, don’t you Mom?” 

She nodded her head vigorously as she began to chew on the tip. 

“You like my cock? Huh? Do you like sucking your stepson’s dick Mom?” 

She moaned, and nodded her head again. I moved my hand to the back of her head, and pulled her mouth off my cock.

“Answer me, slut!”

She looked fearful for a second but got a hold of herself.

“Yes, yes, Theron. I like your cock! It feels so good in my mouth! Now please let me keeping sucking it!” 

I laughed at her. Now she was begging to suck my cock. This was going much smoother than I'd imagined it would. I had to admit, though, she really did know how to suck cock.

I looked down and watched as one of her hands kneaded my balls as her other hand stroked my cock's thick shaft. Her tongue was wrapped around the big, round head of my dick, licking ferociously.

She moaned. 

"Ohhhh, Theron, your cock is so fuckin' big. Much bigger than your father's."

"You like suckin' cock, don't you, mom? I knew you were a cocksuckin' whore the moment I laid eyes on you."

She glanced up at me and smiled. 

"Oh, yeah, baby, I love to suck cock. I've been dyin' to suck yours for months now."

I reached down and grabbed one of her tits. Her nipples were stiff, little bullet points and, apparently, very sensitive. She moaned long and low when I pinched one. 

"Oh, yeah, baby, play with mommy's big tits!" 

"You just keep workin' on that cock, bitch!"

I watched her for awhile, enjoying her well-trained hot mouth on my cock and the little mewing sounds she made while sucking it, while I kept up the play on her nipples. I watched as she squeezed her legs together, and knew that her pussy was throbbing for attention. Good, I wanted to keep her that way. 

I brought a hand back to her head, and pulled her hair so that her eyes met mine. 

“Take it all down Mom. I want to feel the back of your throat.”

She pulled away and frowned while looking at my long cock.

“I don’t think I can, Theron.”

I snarled at her. 

“Yes you can!” 

Her voice was small when she spoke.

“I’ll try.” 

I huffed, she wasn’t going to try, she was going to do it. 

She put my cock back in her mouth, and bobbed her head for a while, letting her spit moisten my cock, and then she took a deep breath, and pushed more into her throat, leaving out a couple of inches. 

“More, slut! Get all of it in there!”

She shook her head, which caused an angry growl in me. I put the palm of my hand down on the back of her head, and pushed while thrusting my hips forward. I moaned as my cock hit the back of her throat - she gagged, causing her throat to jerk and tighten around the head of my cock. She tried to pull away, but I wouldn’t allow it. I kept thrusting hard and deep into her throat, she kept gagging and choking. 

“That’s it Mom. See I told you, you could take it all.”

She looked up at me, and though her eyes were filled with tears I could see more desire in them. She grabbed hold of my hips, and began to help me push my cock into her throat. Her choking had stopped, and was replaced by muffled moans. I kept it up for a while, and then pulled her head away from me, causing her to gasp for air. She gave a low lustful laugh when she caught her breath, and placed her hands again on the shaft of my cock.

“Ooooo….son, that was wonderful! I loved choking on your cock! You fucked my mouth so goddamned good! You should feel how wet you made my pussy Theron, it’s just dripping!” 

I placed my finger under her chin and smiled at her.

“Not yet. I want you to make me cum and I want to see my slut Mom swallow every last drop. Then maybe after a while, if you’re really good, I’ll feel that pussy, and might even fuck you.”

She pouted and spoke. 

"But I was hoping we could fuck. Right now. I know you want to fuck me, Theron."

I squatted and kissed her hard, my tongue exploring her mouth deeply. As we kissed, I could feel my erect cock brushing against her tits, which she seemed to enjoy, rubbing my head against her nipples. 

I broke our kiss. 

"I said not yet, bitch. You will suck my cock until I cum all over that slutty face of yours, Mom."

I stood and took the shaft of my prick in my hand and slapped her flushed face with its fat, rubbery head. 

"C'mon, mom, open up," I enticed. "Open wide and eat this big dick, you stupid, fuckin' slut!"

She looked up at me, ashamed at the desire she felt and helpless to fight against it. She sighed and grabbed my meat and attacked it with a vengeance. 

"Okay," she said. "I'll show you what a blow job is supposed to be like, you little twerp."

She wrapped both of her hands around the shaft of my cock, and placed her mouth on it. She moved her hands in time with her lips, lathering my cock with her spit. When it was good and wet, she began to twist her fists around the shaft and suck hard on the head. She moaned and popped the head of my cock out, smiling up at me, as she moved one hand to the tip and continued the twisting motion. 

“Mmmmm….Theron, your cock feels so good in my hands, and it’s even better between my lips! Do you like this, hmmmm….son? Do you like when I do this?”

She brought her mouth back to my cock and began to bite the head, wrapping her lips around it and chewing as she wiggled her tongue around. She began to moan louder, and I knew that it couldn’t be all from sucking my cock. I looked down and saw that my stepmother had hooked her foot under her, and was busily thrusting her hips on the heel of her foot. 

I relaxed and watched as she humped herself. I wanted to see how she performed while she was really turned on. She continued jacking me off as she moved her mouth down to my balls. She twisted her fist over the head of my cock as she sucked first one testicle into her mouth and then the other.

She splayed her hand and pressed my cock flat up against my stomach as her wet tongue traced its way up the bottom side of my long, thick heavily veined shaft before gobbling the head between her lips like a lollipop.

Her moans had turned into whimpers of pleasure as her hips worked harder on her foot, and she shoved my cock down her throat. She moved the muscles of her throat over me so tightly while keeping up her moans that my cock began to jump in her mouth. She kept it up just a little while longer before moving her hands back to it, and looked up at me. 

“I want you to cum, Theron!”

I moved my eyes from her play on her pussy to her face. It looked so serious that I couldn’t help but smile. She twisted her hand over the head of my cock again, harder and faster than before. 

“I said I want you to fucking cum! I am getting real hungry, and I want you to fill my belly!”

Her eyes rolled and she moaned loudly before continuing. 

“I want you to grab this big fucking prick of yours and jack it off for me! I want to watch your hand moving over this big motherfucker until you’re ready to cum!”

I said nothing, but decided that I’d give her what she wanted. I moved her hands and took my cock in my hand. I smiled as I heard her moan even louder, and watched as she placed her hand on her pussy and rubbed her clit fast and hard. Her eyes wide and steady as my hand began to stroke my cock. 

I ran my fingers into her hair above her forehead and grab a fistful. Then I held her face right in front of my cock as I started stroking it back and forth, slowly, aiming it right at her nose.

While I did this, she continued playing with her cunt. I could hear the sound of her fingers moving in and out of it quickly. As I jerked off in her face, my cock would occasionally rub up against her nose and leave a string of pre-cum. When I pulled my cock back, it would leave a stringer connecting us. When Jessi saw this, she made high-pitched whimpering sounds.

"Is this what you wanted, bitch?" 

I glared down at her. 

"You're a nasty fuckin' whore, aren't you, mom? Suckin' off your son like this in the kitchen. What would dad say if he knew?"

She ignored my question.

"Oooh, Theron, yeah, I am a nasty whore, but you're a bad, bad boy, for letting me suck your cock like that! Mommy's gonna suck off your cock and make you cum all over me, baby. Be a bad boy for mommy now." 

She exclaimed, still playing with herself.

I moved my foot to her hand, and kicked it away from her pussy.

“You ain’t cumming yet whore!”

She let out a long loud whine; she had been right on the verge of an orgasm. 

“Open your mouth Momma!”

She did so, and I watched as my cum hit her face. She cooed, as she felt the hot liquid hit her skin, and lifted her head to catch some of it in her mouth, some splashed over her cheeks and a whole load dripped down coating her breasts. I leaned back on the counter when I was through, and wiggled my cock at her.

“Slut, clean my cock!” 

She crawled over to me and licked the tip of my cock, which made it jump, though, it was slowly deflating. I smiled at her when she sat back, she looked wild. Her body twitched with the need to cum, and the desire in her eyes made them bright. 

“Clean my cum off your face, Mom.”

She brought her hands up and scooped the cum off her cheeks and chin, I was impressed at how well she took orders. When she was finished she looked up at me.

“I need to cum.” Her voice shook as she spoke.

“Do you? Well, you can wait.”

“No, I need to cum now! I want you to fuck me!”

“Maybe later, I got shit to do.” 

I walked out of the kitchen, smiling as I heard her whimper. A thought occurred to me then, and I looked back.

“Get up and come with me.”

“Why?”

“I don’t trust you by yourself.”

She pouted, and got up. I made her stay with me while I took my shower, and she took hers, and through out the day. I would sometimes place my fingers on her pussy and give her clit a little squeeze, making her cry out in passion. 

After dinner I made her sit on the couch with me. She sat with her legs wide open, filling the room with her scent, and I took enjoyment in watching her twitch and move around in her discomfort. She looked at me and sighed deeply.

“Now, Theron? Now will you please fuck me? My pussy hurts so bad, I need to cum! I need to have that big fucking cock of yours in my cunt! Pleeeeease!” 

I smiled, and pulled my cock out, stroking it slowly. Her eyes gazed over, and she began to chew on her lower lip.

“Is this what you want Mom? Hmmmm? You want this big cock in your pussy?”

“Oh yes, Theron, please, you have to give it to me!”

“I don’t have to do nothing. Why don’t you come over and put those lips around it again.”

She did as was commanded, sucking my cock again, her ass wiggling in the air. I shot my hand down and rubbed a finger across her pussy lips, causing her to moan loudly.

“Do you want to cum Mom? Do you really?”

She nodded her head violently. 

“Then why don’t you come sit on this cock.”

She moaned loudly and got up quickly, straddling my legs. I grabbed her hips, and lowered her down on my cock, but made her stop when only the head had invaded her pussy. She looked at me and pouted.

“More Theron! I want the whole goddamn thing!” 

“Why?”

“Because!”

Smiling, I replied “Well, this is all I need bitch!”

She looked angrily at me. 

“But I want more! I want to feel that cock filling my pussy! I want to cum!”

“I want, I want, why don’t you just shut up and take what you can get bitch!” 

She gritted her teeth, and circled her hips around the head of my cock. 

“Please Theron, please!” 

“Fine!”

I let go of her hips and she dropped down on my cock, causing both of us to moan, though hers was a scream of victory. 

I couldn't believe how tight mom's pussy was. I guess she really wasn't getting much dick from dad.

"I hope you remember how to fuck, mom. There's more to it than just sitting on my cock, you know."

She giggled and started to slowly grind her hips back and forth on my aching cock. 

"Oh, I know how to fuck, son. How's this?"

I had to admit that this was fucking awesome! She grabbed the back of the couch and looked into my eyes as she slowly fucked me. She began to move up and down, grasping at my prick with her tight snatch. “Oh Son!” she was moaning as she thrashed around atop me as I watched.
