 A couple of years ago, I worked for a large Department store where I was a Supervisor. I won't say which one but as a Supervisor, my uniform consisted of a black skirt and a white blouse that I sometimes found to be a tight fit due to the cut of the material. Or perhaps it was the fact that my rather large 38c breasts were too big for them! 

The Store has a yearly stock-take and it takes place each evening after the store has closed and takes about a week to complete. All the staff have to take turns and everyone hates it as we never finish much before midnight each night. And as a Supervisor, we always had to do more nights and stay to the end.  

It was after 11.30pm and I found myself working in the stockroom of the Entertainment Department. Because the room was so small and narrow, about 7' x 15', I was working with just one part-time girl. We were moving the boxes of stock that we had counted over to a shelf on one side of the stock room ready for the morning and as the part-time girl who was helping me had college in the morning, I told her to go home and I'd finish off on my own. I was working alone and was nearing finishing when Paul, the Store Manager came in to see how I was doing. He said that he would help me finish off as almost everyone else had gone and we could too.

Paul was in his early fifties, married and is quite good-looking. He was always very polite and friendly to everyone .He was always a proper gentleman and although he was always friendly, he had never flirted with me or with any of the other women as far as I was aware. I have always liked him and we got on well, but I never, ever dreamt or wanted anything to happen between us. 

I began to hand him the boxes and he put them on the shelf on the opposite wall. We had quite a rhythm going, turning and passing boxes to each other, and I worked quickly as I wanted to finish and go home.

As we worked, I moved down the room slightly towards him and as he turned back towards me, his hand landed squarely on my left breast! I don't know who was the more shocked, him or me, as we both jumped and I let out a loud, shocked gasp! He was so apologetic; I think he could see a sexual assault case ending his career! The look of horror on his face made me laugh out loud and I told him not to worry about it, accidents happened and that I knew he hadn't done it on purpose. He laughed too and said thank god for that and what would I have done if I had thought that he had done? I told him I'd have screamed the bloody place down before I killed him! He laughed again and said but what a great way to go. I looked at him and wasn't sure what to say to that and just then, another member of staff came in and told Paul that she needed to be let out, so he left to let her out of the store.

While he was gone I thought about his last comment but I put it down to him trying to laugh off an embarrassing situation. After all, it would be the talk of the Store if people knew that the Store Manager had tried to cop a feel in a stock room! No one would ever believe it was an accident. 

He came back into the stockroom and said that he wanted me to know that he had never intentionally meant to touch me like that. I said of course I knew that he hadn't done it deliberately, and that he should forget all about it because I already had. 

He said that that was the problem, he couldn't forget about it. He said that although he really hadn't meant to touch me like that at the time, now that he had, he wasn't sorry. He said he had always had a thing about my breasts and now that he had touched one, he couldn't forget about it!

To say I was shocked to hear him say that was an understatement! After all, I was a 45-year-old mother of three and although I wouldn't say I was ugly, I knew my body was probably a little bit past it's prime. Although I have always known that my breasts were my biggest assets. I have always been quite proud of how my 38ds seemed to attract a bit of male attention. That was what attracted my husband in the first place after all!

But his blatant admittance that he liked them too, made me speechless for a second and as I looked at him, I saw that he kept glancing down at my breasts. I was even more shocked when I realised my reaction to his comments - I started to get butterflies in my stomach and I was starting to feel turned on by how he was looking at me!!! 

I was shaking a little as I looked him squarely in the eyes and asked him what did he mean by that comment?  He came and stood right in front of me as he asked me if I really wanted to know what he meant by that comment. I couldn't speak so I just nodded as I felt my face begin to go red. 

He said that he has always loved to watch my breasts as they strained against my blouse and that he had lost count of the number of times that he had fantasised about undressing me and that he would do anything to be able to see them naked, even for just a few minutes. I knew that the blouses they gave us were a bit thin and that sometimes, they allowed more of our bras to be seen through them then we liked, and that I had even caught some male customers looking at me because of this. But I had never realised that HE had looked, or thought of me in THAT way, or in any other way for that matter! I couldn't believe what I was hearing and now, knowing that he had thought of me like that, made me go weak at the knees! 

As he talked, he took off his jacket and tie and threw them both on top of some boxes and I certainly wasn't expecting what happened next....

He slowly reached out with both hands and I automatically stepped back from him but was stopped by the shelves behind me as I asked him what the hell did he think he was doing. He said hoping his fantasies were about to come true. As he reached out his hands, I saw that he was holding his breath. I think he was waiting for me to scream or slap him, or do something to stop him. But I didn't do any of those things, I couldn't believe what was happening to me and I was frozen to the spot. I just looked at him as he placed both his hands gently on my breasts!

I just stood there, almost paralysed as he cupped them both and his touch was so gentle that it sent shivers down my spine and I felt my panties getting wetter by the second! I said I would scream, but Paul smiled, shook his head and said there was no point, as we were the only two left in the store now, EVERYONE else had gone home. I could hear him breathing heavily now and he asked me if I was going to scream yet and when I didn't react, he squeezed them both very very gently. He said how wonderful they felt and that I had no idea how often he had wanted to do this! I felt my nipples hardening even more as he spoke. No one, other than my husband had EVER touched me like he was touching me and I couldn't breath and I began to feel light headed! 

As I didn't say or do anything to stop him, he quite slowly and deliberately undid the top button of my blouse.

I said he shouldn't be doing this, he was my Store manager and he was taking advantage of me. He said that I was to forget he was my Store Manager and that I should just think of him as someone who thinks of me as a very sexy woman. I said that we were both married. He said what they don't know won't hurt them. He undid the next button and I said that my husband was waiting outside in the car for me and he would be wondering where I was. He stopped with his fingers on the next button and he asked me if I had any more excuses because he said that I hadn't actually told him to stop yet but if I really wanted him to, all I had to do was say the word 'stop' and he would. He said he wouldn't do anything that I didn't want him to do.

He looked into my eyes as he very slowly undid the next button, but then he couldn't stop himself looking down as my blouse was now open to below my breasts and they were now completely revealed to his gaze.

But I didn't say stop. I said absolutely nothing. I did absolutely nothing. I just stood there. I didn't want him to stop. I hadn't been this turned on for years.

When I did nothing, he undid the rest of the buttons of my blouse, pulling it slowly out of my skirt. He took hold of either side of it and slowly pulled it down off my shoulders. I helped by pulling my arms out of the sleeves and I saw that he was looking at my bra-covered breasts. I knew that he could make out my hard nipples and large areolas through the thin white lacy, almost see-through material. I couldn't believe how turned on I was feeling right then as he just stood and looked at them. He cupped them again through my bra and he looked me in the eyes as he slowly pulled it up. I remember feeling so turned on as I raised my arms above my head to allow him to pull my bra up and completely off. The feeling was indescribable as I watched him staring lustfully at my now completely naked breasts, I felt my nipples going as hard and erect as bullets, knowing that another man was now looking at my semi-naked body and wanting it, the way only my husband had ever looked at it. He stood there and just stared at them for several seconds and the feeling that went through me as he did just that was fantastic!

I asked if they lived up to his expectations and he smiled. He took a breast in each hand and his hands felt hot as he felt the weight of them, and as he looked at them, he rubbed my nipples with his thumbs. They are so sensitive; I thought I was going to orgasm right there and then!! He said something about them being a million times better than he had ever imagined and then he lent forward and started to kiss, lick and suck them both!

I watched as he played with my tits and when he pulled gently on a nipple with his teeth, an electric shock went straight through me and that was enough for me!

I reached down, undid his trousers and slipped my hands inside his shorts. I gasped as I felt how hard his cock was. I couldn't believe that I was standing there, holding another man's hard erect cock in my hand! The only cock I had ever touched in my life was my husband's and I had to see his now, so I knelt down and pulled his trousers and shorts right down. As I looked at his cock, I saw he was hairier than my husband and I remember thinking 'God, it's longer than Matt's, he's never going to get all THAT inside me!!

Because I knew that I wanted it inside me, more than I had ever wanted anything for years. I pulled his foreskin back and as I began to slowly wank him off, I saw a drop of pre-cum ooze out of the large head of his cock and I couldn't resist licking it off. It tasted so different to Matt's and I wanted to taste more of it. I licked up and down his shaft before slipping it into my mouth and sucking on it.

I looked up at him and I saw him watching me as I played with his balls whilst I licked up the length of his shaft to the tip and as I sucked on his cock again, he pushed my head down on to it, forcing it deep into my mouth. I felt it hit the back of my throat as I began to suck deeply on his throbbing cock and he groaned out loud as he suddenly pulled me to my feet. He grabbed hold of both sides of my skirt and as he started to pull it down, I felt the zip start to tear. I had to tell him to stop. How could I explain THAT to my husband!!

I stepped back as I undid my skirt and as I stepped out of it, he pulled his shirt off and quickly removed the rest of his clothes until he stood completely naked in front of me. I looked at his hard erect cock as it pointed straight up at the ceiling and I couldn't help but smile as I saw it throb in anticipation. Paul stepped closer and he slid his hand inside my panties! He suddenly stopped when he realised that I shaved my pubes and he said how much he loved a bald pussy. He started to kiss me as he rubbed between my legs and I opened my legs wide for him as his fingers slid further down to my soaking wet clitoris. He slipped his tongue into my mouth as he rubbed my clit and electric shocks tore through my body. He inserted his fingers inside me and he started to finger fuck me as he sucked on my tits again.

I had never felt so turned on as I carried on wanking him off and when I told him to hurry up because I wanted to feel his cock inside me, he suddenly spun me around and bent me over the boxes on the shelves. He pulled my panties until they ripped and he threw them to the floor and then he started to slip his stiff, hard cock gently and slowly inside my soaking wet vagina. I said not like that, that's how my husband does it. I told him I wanted him to fucked me hard and fast. He grabbed hold of both my shoulders and he began to ram his long hard erect cock into my gratefully wanting hole.  I cried out loudly, shouting ' Yes, like that. I want it harder, fuck me harder' and he began to pound me for all he was worth. He grabbed both my tits, squeezing them so hard I cried out in pain. I couldn't believe I was being fucked by my Store Manager and the thought of it as he rammed his cock deep inside me made me scream out loud and I had an orgasm like I've never had, either before or since! Paul shouted that he was going to cum and I told him to hurry up, that I wanted to feel his cum inside me. I pushed back hard against him as he rammed his cock deep inside me. He cried out that he was cumming and I said don't tell me just do it. He began to thrust his cock into me in time as he emptied his seed into me. I felt him begin to slow down as he finished cumming and as he pulled out of me, I felt some of it begin to run down the inside of my leg. I didn't want to waste a drop of it so I turned around, knelt down and began to lick every bit of his cum off of his lovely long and still hard cock. I remember thinking it tastes saltier than Matt's and do all mens' cocks taste different I wonder....!

I was feeling so turned on again as he watched me lick and swallow all of his cum that when I had finished licking every last drop off of his cock and balls, I stood up and told him it was his turn to lick me!

He knelt down between my legs, pushed them apart and I felt his tongue find my clitoris. I leant back against the shelves and as he licked me out, his hands played with my tits for a few seconds before his right hand made it's way back down between my legs and I felt his fingers enter my vagina again. I looked down and watched him as he began to finger fuck me and as his fingers went deeper and deeper inside me, I had another fantastic orgasm! I dropped down onto the floor and as we both lay on the cold tiles getting our breath back, I felt Paul's hand grope my tits again. He started to kiss and suck my nipples again and he said that I had no idea how many times he had wanked himself off thinking of my tits and of doing what we had just done and I said that I had had no idea how much he liked them but I was so pleased he did.  I let him play with my breasts for a few minutes but then I told him I had to go or my husband would be worried. He said that if he'd realised how much fun I could be, he'd have grabbed my tits months ago! I said if I had known what a great cock he had, I'd have let him. We got dressed and as we left the stock room, I almost forgot to pick up my torn and very wet knickers. I could just imagine what would have happened if they had been found by someone else the next morning!

He let me out of the store to where my husband was waiting in the car and he apologised to my husband, saying that there was something that he had needed to do with me before we could leave and that it was his fault I was so late. My husband asked if everything was all right as I looked a bit red. I told him that I was just hot and tired and that I couldn't be better!! 

When we got home, I had a shower and had to get into bed quickly, as when I looked in the bathroom mirror, I saw two huge red marks over both my tits from where Paul had griped them so tightly!   Paul did ask me once or twice afterwards if I wanted to repeat the experience in a hotel room but I turned him down. Mainly because although I don't regret what happened for a second, I think it's a mistake to get involved with someone you work with. He did ask me again when I was leaving to go to a new job and I will admit to being very very tempted. After all, he did have a cock to be proud of and he knew how to please a girl with it!

But I didn't, although he did write his mobile number on my leaving card...........so who knows!!!!