 It was my son's last year in elementary school and field day time was upon them for their last time. The children loved field day, the competition time, to play with their friends, but most of all, the day out of the classroom. Their teachers always joined them to the field. It is a football field, AstroTurf with nice bleachers and locker rooms. This is where my story comes in. This particular day, the rain was pouring down. It has been a "done deal" that rain or shine they went on. Most wore protective clothing or clothes that dried fast wore others just wore shorts. 

I had my eye on the 5th grade teacher ever since my oldest daughter went to the school. She was about 5 feet 4 inches with shoulder length blonde hair and the green eyes that shined like emeralds. Her breasts were not large, but very firm and inviting. Her flat stomach to her thin waistline made her look extremely desirable. The dreams I had were good, but this day was going to make them only hints. The teachers gave out place ribbons for each event. I had worn my nylon shorts to have a quick dry time knowing I was going to get soaked. I assisted in the recognizing what place each child finished. 

I had to go pee due to the rain that soaked my shorts and tee shirt. Getting wet does that to me. In entering the hall to the lockers, I found this delicious woman sitting next to the locker rooms filling out the ribbons. I stopped briefly to joke with her being in the dry. I used a towel to dry my hair while laughing with her. When I pulled the towel off my head, I looked down to see her staring at my shorts. I looked to see the wet material had clung to me, revealing every detail of my cock. Since I had the hots for her anyway, this just stimulated me and my cock began to increase in size right before her eyes. 

She shyly looked away for a minute, but couldn't keep from looking back. I didn't want to discourage her, so I stood my ground acting as if I was drying my upper body and had not noticed her. I thought quickly to chance my luck and peeled my wet shirt over my head. I am not in the best of shape, but my younger years of working out has stayed with me enough to give me a solid fairly solid build. I felt my cock growing hard and excused myself to the locker room. Inside, I felt like kicking myself for blowing maybe the one chance I may have had. I walked to the urinal and relieved my bladder. When I finished and turned back around, I was surprised to find her standing behind me. I didn't say a word. I took her in my arms, being small built as she is; I lifted her off the floor and carried her to the sink. I sat her on the counter and slowly slid my hands down her sides. I reached the bottom of her t-shirt and let them slip inside. 

My hands were cold from the rain, but her warm body cured that problem. I looked into those beautiful green eyes and slowly grazed my fingers up her smooth tummy. When I reached the bottom of her lace bra, I traced the edge from side to side, just enjoying the softness of her skin. I traced my fingers around the fullness of her breasts, so firm and full. When I reached the top of her bra, I let my fingers dip down inside to touch her nipples. They were growing hard as I traced and circled them slowly and gently. I heard a soft moan escape her lips. I leaned to kiss her tenderly on her moist lips. My heart raced when I felt her tongue slip out and attempt to probe my mouth. I obliged her by parting my own lips and meeting her tongue with my own. 

The warm, wet, sweet taste from her passionate kiss made me throb even more. I lowered my hands down her tummy to her jeans. While unfastening them, her hands joined mine to hurry me along. I lifted her again to slide her jeans and soaked panties down her long, sexy legs. I pulled them off one foot. I kneeled in front of her after sitting her back on the counter and inhaled the sweetest fragrance known to man. Her pussy was dripping from excitement. I leaned in and extended my tongue for her to see and traced the wet, swollen lips of her pussy. She tasted sweeter than I could ever have imagined. I slid my tongue up around those open petals of love gathering every drop of her juices I could. I started at the bottom and let the tip of my tongue lick gently between her lips. 

As I reached her clit, she was on fire. I immediately flicked my tongue under her hard clit a few times making her squirm and bring out louder moans and gasps. I felt her hands on the back of my head and knew it was time, I took her clit in my mouth, between my teeth and sucking it with all I had. It took only seconds until she was pushing and convulsing against my mouth, sending her cum down my chin. After what seemed forever, her waves subsided to a gyrating movement.

I stood up in front of her. I pulled her t-shirt over her head and unfastened the clasp that held her bra in place. I slid it back over her shoulders, leaned down and took her nipple in my mouth. I bit lightly as I sucked one then the other into my hot mouth. She let out a muffled groan as I pulled her nipples with my lips. She reached down to pull my shorts over the head of my now throbbing, aching cock. I pushed them down my legs and lifted her knees to my sides. She locked her legs around me, urging me in. I placed the head of my cock to her lips, feeling that there was no need for getting it wet. She was lubricated enough for anyone. I pushed forward with my hips, sending all 7 inches into her hot, burning pussy. I pulled out slowly, then back in. I slowly rocked into her a few times just to feel how good this sex goddess felt wrapped around my cock. 

Her legs were pulling hard as if to say "FUCK ME NOW!!!" I could not hold back any longer. I thrust my hips forward hard and deep, my balls slapping her ass cheeks with each entry. My hands slid under her ass to lift her off the counter for better penetration. Harder and faster I rammed my cock deep into her yearning pussy. I felt her muscles tighten around me. Holding back as long as I could, I pumped hard and fast into her until I felt that familiar convulsing of her tremendous orgasm. 

This was now too much as I felt my balls tighten and send my hot, sticky cum deep into her fire pit. I held on tight to her as we both were now jerking and trying to get every ounce of feeling we could from our act. When my throbbing cock sent had all of my cum into her open pussy, I looked up into her eyes to see the most sensual gleam I had ever seen. She told me with her eyes I had satisfied her needs.