 The first time… for some people can be awkward and uncomfortable… for others it’s like finding yourself for the very first time. That was how it was for me. Nineteen and still a virgin. Not unskilled just not having found that person to make your eyes cross just by merely touching you. I knew what I needed… knew it from a very young age. I needed a man to guide me and let me lose myself for the time we were together. No inhibitions, no stipulations, just pure want, need and desire. It was what I had always known I would need. I met and married a man who I loved and who loved me dearly but it was not that one thing that I would need… that came later. I divorced and went through a series of bad choices looking to fulfill that desire, to have that need satiated. And then one day I found him, quite unexpectedly. 

I met him the first day I entered the bar to shoot pool, in my little low cut blouse and tight jeans. Knew it the first time he looked into my eyes. I was with someone else but the attraction was there. That instinct that makes you know a person is about to enter a room just before they do. I knew it every time he was within fifty yards. My nipples got hard, my pussy started pulsing, and my breathing became shallow. But this was no ordinary man. He was rough and tumble and had that glint in his eye… the one they tell you stay clear of. I was drawn to him in an instant. Now shooting pool is a passion of mine. Always has been, but it’s rather hard to concentrate on the game when all you’re thinking about is having someone throw you up onto the table and do ungodly things to you. 

This went on for months. I’d go just to see if he was there and then one day in the spring I threw caution to the wind. I showed up after work and there he was. It was a sign. I let him know I was there for him. We spent several hours drinking and shooting pool and having one hell of a good time. We ended up at a late night bar and looking up at him for the first time when he told me to kiss him I about died right there. There was nothing else in the room. The music, the crowds of people, it was all just gone and I was his from that moment. Sitting on the bar stool with his arm around me and one hand pinching my nipple through my shirt and being devoured by his kisses, I knew this man was the one that I had been waiting for. The one who would know me better than I ever knew myself.

As the lights came on telling us it was time to leave I was almost sad it was time to go. To be there with him in the midst of the crowd felt so natural, so exhilarating, but there was more in store for us. I wanted and needed to have all of him to feel his cock in my pussy driving me the to edge of madness but he teased me first. Sucking on my nipples, pinching them and twisting them and rubbing my clit to where I thought I’d die if he didn’t fuck me… and he whispered in my ear for me to give him my pussy and that was it, I exploded into his hand and came like never before. Writhing with the pleasure and then his tongue touched my pussy and I screamed out. I left myself for a time and just let the feelings pulse through me and drive me wild. The sensations just kept coming in wave after wave until finally it was either pass out or stop and I wasn’t done with him yet. 

I pulled him up to me and kissed him, tasting me and moaning into his mouth and then I slid off the bed and knelt beside him. Taking his cock into my mouth deeper and deeper. He grunted and arched his back for me to take all of him in. I sucked and licked him. All the way down his cock and back up, the rhythm making me cum again for him while I had him in my mouth. Moaning around him and feeling him deep in my throat, he was so close… and he stopped me and pulled up to my feet and on top of him. The instant my pussy slid down onto his cock and I felt him inside of me I came again and yelled out with the intensity of it. I’m sure the neighbors downstairs thought I was dying. I just didn’t care. He pulled me down to suck on my tits and then he pinched them hard as I rode his cock harder and deeper than I ever thought I could. There was nothing else in the world but us at that moment… no worries, no fears just pure emotion and feeling closer to someone than perhaps ever before. I felt him cum inside of me and my body collapsed over him quivering and quaking while he held me in his arms. 

A lot has happened since then. We’ve lived through our share of ups and downs. He is my soul mate and can reach me in mind, body and soul better than anyone else ever will. It’s been over a year and to this day I still know when he’s near; that familiar pulsing in my pussy and ache in my nipples that only his touch can satisfy.