 This is my first attempt at first-person and a more personal writing so please be gentle but all comments are more than welcome.

I hope you enjoy reading this fantasy I've written for us as much as I have writing it mi amore.....I love you enjoy our little fantasy mi amore This is how I envision our first meeting so we'll see how close it is after tomorrow.

We have been talking for some time online when we finally meet. We are both married but know from the start that we are destined to be together. I am not one for cybering but will on occasion role-play the role of Mistress. We have had a very loving online relationship online and from the moment we met knew we were made for one another. Our feeling have been so strong from the moment we started talking that we sometimes talked of our future together. We talk of a life of being together, of marriage, of a lifetime of mutual pleasure.

I have found myself so falling in love with you that I want noting more than to commit myself to you in every way possible. I have told you that while I have never been into the D/S lifestyle I have a dire need to give myself totally to you. I have told you that if you wished to collar me I would gladly be your love slave. We have talked and joked about it and I somehow wasn't suprised to hear that your fantasy included some romantic submission and bondage. I told you I was willing, no needed to give you everything you wanted including that.

We have finally set a date to meet and nothing will keep us from it this time. We talk and plan and finally the day comes that we are to meet. I have gotten us a room at the local Days Inn and have arrived early to be ready for you.  I get my boys off to school, put my makeup on and dress all in black as you asked me to although you won't see my clothes until we dress to leave. Under it all I put on a strapless black corset like teddy with a thong back and push-up bra. I know how much black turns you on. I get our room and set about preparing for your arrival. You must only travel a little over an hour to get to me and I know you are halfway here. I walk into the room and set the heat to a comfortable setting that is warm yet cool more for the effect because I know things will be very hot once we are together. I begin taking the candles out of my bag and setting them about the room although I will not light them just yet. I put the fragrance ring on the heater to add the light rose scent to the air. I survey the room before picking up my cell to call yours with the room number. 

I tell you we are in room 227 and to come straight to the room. You tell me you are about 20 minutes away. I hang up and begin to undress so I am only in my teddy, thigh hi's and heels when you arrive. I put my clothes in the closet and set about lighting the candles. When I'm done I set the stereo to some oldies that my boys would laughingly say belonged in an elevator and smile at the perfect setting. I sit down in the chair a bit nervously to await your arrival. 

I light a cigarette and sip on my coke, glad I got the buckets of ice right after I got here. I begin to reflect on what I am about to do. I have committed myself to submitting to you, giving you whatever you ask for. I know I have no worries about you doing anything to hurt me but I also know I have a punishment coming for my erotic pages while you were in that training in Boston last month.

You mentioned paddling me and your desire to see my ass redden at your hand. While I have never been one for smacks of any kind I will take the punishment you choose and remember in the future not to do the things I know will bring them. I look at the clock and begin to peek out the window as I can feel you are near. Soon I see your car pull in next to mine under the window and I see you in the flesh for the first time. You are far more handsome than the picture you sent me and my heart rushes at the thought of being in your arms. I watch slyly from behind the partially closed curtain as you get out of the car and walk to the entrance.

I stub out the second cigarette and go to the door so I can open it as soon as you knock. You knock and I stare at you through the peephole for a minute first not wanting to seem anxious before I open the door. I open it a bit and step back so you can come in. You enter and step towards me and I kneel before you with my head bowed showing my submission to you I hope. I am now very nervous as I've never even thought of being submissive and can only hope I am doing the right things as the day goes on.

I feel you looking at me kneeling before you. You step forward and place a finger gently under my chin and raise my head to look at you. I see the most captivating eyes I've ever seen and melt into your gaze. Still using your finger under my chin you raise me to my feet and take me into your arms.

Our lips meet for the first time and the feeling is electric. There is a burning passion, a hunger in our kisses. Our lips are pressed tightly together, our tongues dueling the duel of lovers. We drift towards the bed and still in one another's arms float onto the bed. With you on top of me we wiggle up the bed until we are fully on it, never breaking our kissing. Finally you pull your lips from mine and raise up straddling me.

Forgetting myself I look into your eyes seeing our love reflected there. I lay passively under you my breasts pushing up, spilling over the demi cups. My nipples are just above the material. Looking deep into my eyes you move your hands to my breasts. You begin caressing them causing them to spill further out of the cups. You fingers grasp my nipples between your thumb and forefinger and you begin rolling them gently. I moan and my eyes close getting lost in the wondrous feeling. You gradually increase the pressure as I writhe under you. Through your clothes you feel the heat radiating from my hot pussy as I begin to squirm under you trying to use you to gain further pleasure, trying to stimulate myself further. I moan deeply as I can feel my climax build. I try to grind harder against you as you stimulate my sensitive nipples but you have other plans for me I guess.

Suddenly you pinch my nipples a bit hardly causing me to squeal and open my eyes. You tell me you are the one who will give pleasure I will not attempt to take it myself. You let go of my nipples and lean back over me and kiss me again. Our hands roam freely over one another's body as we kiss hungerily. Suddenly you grasp my wrists pulling them above my head and I feel a cool metal feel as you click the cuff around one wrist. With each click I feel my submission growing. You loop the cuffs through the headrail and attach the other cuff. I hear the clicks of the teeth as they grab effectively locking my hands above my head. I know now as you tighten them to a comfortable adjustment that I have committed myself to being your love slave totally now and I am yours to do with as you please.

You raise up again this time surveying my bound figure under you. My breasts are now fully exposed and pulled, a bit of shock is registered in my eyes. You smile at me and as I look into your eyes I now see a bit of an evil glint in them. You roll me over so that my back is exposed to you. I try to look over my shoulder to see what you are going to do but you lean over and pick up a pillow and toss it over my head effectively blocking my view but not my breathing. I resign myself to the fact that I am at your mercy and yet I know I am safe.

I feel you get off the bed and hear zippers sliding. One I can tell is a bigger one probably the one on your case and the lighter one is undoubtedly the zipper of your pants. I lay there wishing I could see the body I have only dreamed about for so long but know that I will eventually see and feel it but in your time not mine. I feel you get back on the bed this time straddling my fleshy ass. I feel your fingers begin to kneed my shoulders caressing and kneeding. You grasp my teddy and begin to lower it as far as my ass your fingers caressing as you go. You spend a few minutes caressing my back before you slide off me and lower the teddy down off my ass leaving it in a tangle around my ankles effectively binding them. 

I feel your fingers caress my fat ass, stroking and kneeding. I try to raise my ass to meet your touches but you quit and I drop back flat on the bed. You renew your caresses but on my ass this time. I felt your face near my ass as you begin kissing it. The kisses are soon replaced again by the hands. I again try to raise my ass to meet your caresses and this time you allow me. I feel your finger begin to trace my crack, each downward stroke goes a bit further until you are grazing across my puckered hole. I rise a bit further to give you better access but you pull your hand away and tell me to keep my ass right where it is.

I stay in this position with my ass slightly raised and can feel you gazing at my ass and wonder if you can see my wet pussy too. As I wonder I feel a gently smack land on my right cheek and then another and another each with a bit more sting. I try to lower my ass to get away from the assault but you tell me to put it back. I raise back where I had been and you caress my ass as you tell me this is my punishment for my errant pages while you were in trainings. I resign myself to accept my punishment as you begin to smack my ass alternating cheeks and firmness. It seems they go on forever as I feel my ass stinging, burning almost and can only imagine it's redness.

You quit the smacks and tell me now maybe I will be more cautious with my messages. I whimper in agreement as I can not let you hear my tears. I still lay with my ass slightly raised as I feel you move slightly. I pull a bit as I feel something chilly landing on my cheeks only to be smoothed over by your hands as you rub the lotion into my burning cheeks occasionally slipping into the crack. You caress further until you caress my hole then move gently back up. Your hands gently yet firmly caress the cream into my cheeks and I feel my pussy heat further and get wetter. You slowly push my ass back down as you caress it until I lay flat again.

You slide back up my body and it is then that I realize you are totally naked too. I feel your hard cock press into my legs as you slide up my body until it rests between my cheeks. You drizzle more lotion onto my back this time and begin working it in. As you massage my back I feel your hardness move against my asshole and pussy. I try to squirm to move myself so that wonderful hardness will enter my hungry pussy but instead you raise up and give me a firm crack on my ass. You tell me to lay and enjoy as you sit back down putting your cock back between my cheeks.

I have a hard time laying still as I get so turned on but a hard cock in this position while getting a backrub but do my best. I'm soon moaning and my body is writhing under you as your hardness strokes up and down my asshole and pussyhole as you massage my back and shoulders. Your fingers vary in touch from light and feathery to firm almost pinching. I am in heaven with your ministrations.

I hear your breath coming almost as heavy as mine, feel your cock getting harder between my cheeks. I need to feel you filling me but know I must wait until you are ready. I resign myself to let you lead and do as you please with me. I am getting wetter and wetter and hotter with each passing second and I know you know what you are doing to me. I also know you know you have found that one secret turn-on I refused to share with you.

You raise off me and lean over me. You tell me to close my eyes, I feel something cool and silky begin drug up my back, tickling me. I soon figure out what it is when it crosses my eyes. You blindfold me by tying the silk piece over my eyes. When it is in place you roll me back over onto my back. You begin caressing me again just missing my rock hard nipples and my steaming pussy. I have such a desire to be taken right now, patience has never been a strong suit of mine but I will learn it today I think.

I feel your hands leave my body only to be replaced with something I can't quite figure out. It feels fleshy and hard and is dripping.....My lord you are running your hard cock over my body. I arch just the tiniest bit as you stroke my breast with it. You feel me move and reward me with a stinging slap of your cock on my achingly hard nipple. The droplets cling to my nipple, coating it. You take your fingers and rub it in and as it dries I feel it pulling my hard nipple.

You raise slightly so you can slap both my nipples alternately with your hardness leaving droplets of pre-cum all over my breasts. I am in heaven as I have always loved this. Your fingers begin to massage my nipples again. I feel your breathe on them just before you take one into your mouth, sucking it hard as you lick it. You release all but the nipple locking it between your teeth tight but not too tightly. I feel the tip of your tongue flicking at it, assaulting it. I again arch up trying to feed more of my wanting breast into your mouth but you do not let me. Between the bite on one and the pinch of the other I feel myself begin to climax.

You tell me I must again be punished for cumming without your permission. Your hand leaves my breast and moves over my hot bald mound. You caress it gently allowing one finger to slide between it's lips into it's fiery wetness. You tell me how wet I am a that one finger delves into my love tunnel. You draw it back out and up over my rock hard clit which is poking it's head from under it's cover. You finger it gently until I begin to moan and squirm. I hear the intake of your breath as you pull your hand back just enough to cover the entire mound. You grasp it a bit firmly and then take your had away only to bring it back in a slightly stinging slap.

You tell me that it will be slapped again if I do not control it. You tell me I may only cum when you give me permission. I moan my acquiesce.

I feel your hard cock press against my face now as you trace the wet head over my lips. I try to open my mouth to take it in but you slap me with it again. "I will tell you when you may suck it bitch" you say.

I close my lips again but not before I get a small taste of it's sweet nectar. This only serves to make me want to suck it more. I want to beg you to allow me to suck it for you but I'm unsure how you will take me begging. I have never begged for anything before but then I have never wanted a cock in my mouth so much before either.

"Tell me how much you want it. Tell me how much you want to please me." you say as you draw my lips with it's dripping head.

"Oh master, sir I need to suck your hard cock. Please allow me to give you that pleasure Sir." I beg in a small voice.

I am rewarded by you somewhat roughly shoving your hard cock into my mouth. You begin to fuck my face as I lick and try to suck your hardness. You only allow me to have the head at first and then you begin shoving just a little more each time in until I feel you hitting the back of my throat. You stop moving and let it rest deep in my throat. You allow me to lick and suck it on my own. I pull at my restraints trying to get my hands to it to stroke it as I lick and suck but cannot move them. Soon you begin to fuck my mouth again and I feel you swell even more. I know I will soon be rewarded with a mouth full of your love nectar. I know with that first load will go my freedom. I know that taking this load will signify my submission to you, my devotion to you and your magnificent cock. I begin sucking harder as I need to give you my submission. In no time I get what I want as you fill my mouth with stream after stream of master juice.

My submission is now complete as I have taken my first of many, I hope, loads of your control fluid. I now feel your mouth on my breasts again. You begin sucking and teasing them again. When I begin squirming you move off them and begin your descent down my body, your body. You lick and kiss your way down until you are at that bald mound again. My legs are still lashed together with my teddy so I cannot spread my legs to allow you full access but you make do.

You lap the mound with your wide tongue, the tip just barely parting the lips. I feel myself getting wetter in anticipation of the tongue lashing I know you will soon be giving my pussy. It feels so wonderful having you licking my mound. You raise up and lift my legs above my head exposing my sex for you along with my puckered asshole. You spread my lips and dive in like a man eating his last meal. Your tongue drives deep into my love tunnel hitting that wonderful spot and I fight the urge to cum because I know you haven't told me I can. Your licking and sucking is driving me wild and I try to raise more to feed it all to you. Your tongue goes slowly up to the head of my clit, teasing it, licking it, sucking it just like a tiny cock. I am getting wetter and wetter and it si getting harder and harder to fight the urge to cum.

You back off my pussy then and blow a gentle breathe over it and I shiver. I feel you coming in closer again only this time the hole you are after is that puckered one. You trace it with your tongue until it is trying to kiss your tongue. When it starts its spasoming you begin to stick your tongue into the welcoming hole. It feels so wonderful to feel you tongue fucking my asshole. The warmth of my impending orgasm rises again and I fight it back again. You can feel my need rising and move back to my pussy.

As you assault my pussy again I feel something pushing at my asshole. Soon I feel a finger entering me, I tense a bit as I've never cared for anything more than a tongue in my ass, you let it rest there until I relax again. You then drive it all the way in, I squeal as you now firmly take my clit in your mouth sucking gently. Your finger begins stroking in and out of my ass and just as it begins to feel good you add another. And then another. You are driving 3 fingers into my ass and your thumb into my pussy as you suck my clit now. Suddenly you take your mouth away still stroking. 

"You may cum now my darling wife/pet" you tell me before going back to your sucking and licking of that tiny cock.

Cum I do very soon after. I begin driving back onto your fingers and against your face. I feel my juices running freely over your face and fingers as wave after wave of the most heavenly orgasm take me. Your fingers are now driving wildly into me keeping me on that wave ride. I begin gasping for air between squeals. I beg you to stop unsure how much more I can take.

You pull your fingers and face from me and move back up my body and begin kissing me allowing me to taste my own juices. I lick myself off your face as I kiss you thanking you for taking me where I've never been before. I feel you wiggle a bit and suddenly your rock hard rod is at my pussy trying to get in. You raise up and it slides in. I feel you stretching my still spasoming pussy, filling it so slowly.

You slide slowly inside your hot pussy, stretching it and filling it at the same time. The agony of the slowness is painful yet oh so erotic. I can't wait to feel you full inside, hitting bottom. I need to feel you driving into me eventually filling me with more of your master's juice. I know you will take every possible orifice today and every inch of skin, take them for your very own. I again begin to feel that wave begin to crest as you are now holding still deep in my womb. It makes me sorry I have past that crest and can no longer give you a child.

You begin to move inside me slowly. In and out you go pulling almost all the way out before gliding deep in, crashing into my cervix. Gradually you pick up speed and depth until you are driving into me with the speed and drive of a jackhammer. You pummel into me bouncing me on the bed until I begin to crest again. Just as the crest overcomes me I feel you swell even bigger inside me, feel your balls draw up as the torrent of yet more master juice rises up until it floods into my open womb, taking it also.
