 stantheman18: hey

Bustygirlbff: hey!

Bustygirlbff: asl?

stantheman18: 18/m/us

stantheman18: you?

Bustygirlbff: 19/f

stantheman18: cool

Bustygirlbff: ya

stantheman18: so what's up?

Bustygirlbff: nm. you?

stantheman18: same. your pic is reeeaaaally hot btw 

Bustygirlbff: they're real...

stantheman18: really?!

Bustygirlbff: oh yeah :)

stantheman18: wow!

Bustygirlbff: lol. so what do you do for fun?

stantheman18: I like to play video games, draw, and chat, especially with hot girls like you

Bustygirlbff: awww you don't have a gf?

stantheman18: no lol I'm kind of a loser

Bustygirlbff: awww I'm sorry. you sound like a really nice guy ^_^

stantheman18: yeah. too bad nice guys finish last lol

Bustygirlbff: lmao!

Bustygirlbff: I'm sure you'll get a girl sooner or later

stantheman18: yeah. so...what size are they?!

Bustygirlbff: 36DDD

stantheman18: WOW

Bustygirlbff: lol

stantheman18: they're so fucking HUGE! I wish I could play with them.

Bustygirlbff: the girls at your school don't have tits this big?

stantheman18: only a few

Bustygirlbff: so you like 'em big?

stantheman18: hell yeah

Bustygirlbff: big enough to bury your head in?

stantheman18: Fuck yeah! I would love to feel your big soft tits all over my face.

Bustygirlbff: that's not the head I was talking about *wink

stantheman18: come again?

Bustygirlbff: lol you haven't even cum once, silly.

stantheman18: ummm....okay....

Bustygirlbff: so are you ready?

stantheman18: ready for what?

*Bustygirlbff cups and squeezes her huge tits through her tank top.*

Bustygirlbff: to have the biggest pair of funbags you've ever seen massage and jerk your cock to total orgasm...

stantheman18: omg...really??

Bustygirlbff: oh yeah

Bustygirlbff: sit down and let me bounce my BIG boobs up and down on your hard cock. all you have to do is sit back and enjoy the boobjob.

*stantheman18 sits down and pulls off his pants hurriedly.*

stantheman18: How do you like my big cock baby?

Bustygirlbff: that thing? It can take a hike!

stantheman18:???

*Bustygirlbff lifts up her tank top and exposes her bare breasts.*

Bustygirlbff: It can take a hike right between these big mountains...

*Bustygirlbff bounces her boobs around in her hands*

stantheman18: holy fuck they are so big! I can't wait to feel them wrapped around my dick. 

*stantheman18 drools.*

*Bustygirlbff kneels down between your legs.*

Bustygirlbff: Then get ready, big boy. Because my 36DDD's are about to make something else drool…

*Bustygirlbff wraps her BIG boobs around your -

 CONNECTION LOST

 "Dammit!" shouted Stanley Worth at his computer screen. "Every time!"

"Fuck!" he yelled, getting up from his chair and banging a scrawny little fist down on his desk.

"Stanley!" his mother shouted. "Is that you, dear?"

Stanley lifted his head from its hanging position and opened his frustrated eyes.

"Yeah, mom!" he yelled back.

"Keep it down dear." he heard her say. "Dinner will be ready in ten minutes!" she yelled.

Stanley walked over to his closet and opened the door. He gazed at the mirror hanging from it. He ran a hand through his messy brown hair. His hand made its way from the back of his neck to his smooth, emotionless face. It crept up his nose and pushed his glasses up. A pair of beaty little eyes stared back at him. He couldn't understand why girls weren't interested in him. Here he was, embarking on his senior year in high school and he hadn't had nary a girlfriend.

Deep down, he knew the answer. Girls weren't interested in guys who were good at math or science, like he was. Girls were interested in the rebels, the jocks, and the guys who couldn't be labeled. They definitely weren't interested in guys that were labeled geeks.

That's what he was. A geek. Ever since he could remember he had always been the object of ridicule. He had seen every sort of emasculating humiliation the bullies at his school had to offer; swirlies, purple nurples, atomic wedgies, you name it. And that was just in middle school. He didn't even want to think about what had happened in more recent years. 

But all that was about to change.

This year was going to be different. This year he had been invited to Brad Johnson's annual campout. Brad was, without a doubt, the most popular boy in school. Every year he took a group of his closest friends with him to a camp site that his family ran; a sort of final get together before the school year got underway. But because this was the final year of high school Brad had managed to convince his parents to let him use the campsite for the entire length of the summer, code for "non-stop partying." And Stanley couldn't wait for the party to begin.

True, he and Brad had had their differences (in middle school, Brad had made it a graduation requirement to shove Stanley in a locker), but things were different. Brad had approached Stanley personally and apologized for everything that he had ever done to him, at the request of his mother. Apparently, his mother had also told her son to invite "that boy you always pick on" as a means of burying the hatchet. Brad had stated that even though he didn't like the idea at first, he figured it was about time to stop the torture. He had waved goodbye at Stanley and said a quick "Don't be late" on his way back.

Stanley stared back at his computer screen. With any luck, he might even get laid this summer…finally. The closest he had come to sex was the conversation he had just had at his computer. He looked at his computer and let his mind wander to Bustygirlbff. He had lied when he told her that there were a few girls with tits like hers. There were a few girls at his school that were a bit on the chesty side, but nothing like the set of DDD's that internet chick claimed to have. His cock grew hard just thinking about them…

His thoughts were interrupted by the familiar sound of his window sliding open. Before long, he saw a small hand reach in followed by a thin arm. This was quickly followed by one of the larger busts in his school. He ogled Lacey's big boobs as she attempted to squeeze them through the window of his room. When she finally did her head was what followed suit. Her long, dark hair managed to get somewhat messed as she finally managed to enter. She fell in and hit the floor with a loud thud, causing her glasses to fall off and land on Stanley's carpet. Lacey quickly got up, brushed herself off, and bent down to pick up her thick, black rimmed glasses. She put them on and fixed her hair.

"I am getting way too old for that." She said. "Why didn't you help me?"

"Why didn't you just use the door?" Stanley asked of her.

"What? And miss that surprised look on your face?" she laughed.

Stanley agreed. That was typical Lacey.

Lacey had developed early, as early as junior high, and been ridiculed for it by the other girls. For years she had been a lone sheep, until it came time for the other girls to develop. When they finally did, and some of them waited until high school, Lacey had been matched and even surpassed by several of the girls in school. Once this happened, big boobs stopped being an object of ridicule and instead became the "in" thing. Having them meant popularity, and not just with boys as Lacey had been previously accustomed to. She had tried to befriend the popular girls at one point, but they had labeled her a freak and moved on. From that point on, Lacey adopted an "I was doing it before it was cool" mentality.

Stanley had watched Lacey go from geek to geek with big boobs (she sported one of the larger chests in school, a solid D cup), and finally to a very unique individual. She usually dressed darker than most people, wore clothing other people found tacky or weird, and the glasses she wore were fake. To Stanley's knowledge Lacey had never really needed glasses; she simply wore these for the look. And did she ever have a look. Her tops, although dark, were usually tight fitting; by the way she dressed it was easy to see that she was proud of her huge assets. Lacey was one of the few girls in school lucky enough to possess a D cup, and Stanley was honored to call her a friend.

"So what's up, punk?" Lacey asked Stanley.

Stanley had to pull his gaze away from his friend's massive chest. Her tits were just so round and big…they jutted out proudly from her black tee as if to say "I don't give a fuck what you think."

Stanley sighed, and then began to fill her in on the camping trip.

 "No way! Are you for real?" Lacey asked.

"Yeah," Stanley answered. "Can you believe it?"

"My parents are sending me to camp too!" Lacey exclaimed.

"They are?"

"Yes!" she said. "It's some frilly, dainty female retreat camp or something."

"Why are they sending you there?" Stanley asked.

"I don't know. I guess they think I'm not girly enough or something. It's supposed to teach girls how to become women, or something like that. Mom says she learned a lot when she went there."

"That's weird." Stanley said.

"Definitely," Lacey agreed. 

She walked over to his bed and sat down on the edge.

"Stanley…" she said. "Are you sure you want to go on this trip?"

"Why wouldn't I?" he asked.

"It's just…I think it's a little bit weird that Brad asked you to tag along."

"Well, yeah I guess it is kind of weird. But that's all water under the bridge."

"I know." Lacey said. "I'm just saying that I know what it's like when you want to be accepted by the popular crowd, and I know how bad it feels when…you know."

"It's not like that, Lace." Stanley said.

"Stanley, I know how Brad is. He's not likely to change. He's a jerk, through and through. Remember when he and I dated?"

Stanley stopped to think for a moment. He had already forgotten that Lacey and Brad had gone out. Brad, being the most popular boy in school, made it a point to only date girls that were worth his time. Particularly, the girls with the biggest busts. After Lacey had had her growth spurt Brad had asked her out, much to Lacey's delight. But to her dismay, he showed no interest in her after getting under her bra, save for getting under it again and again. Not long after, Brad broke up with her and had another busty girl on his arm the next day.

Lacey had never revealed all the details about their sexual activity, so Stanley had thought it better not to ask. Besides, he felt sure this was something Lacey wanted to forget.

"Look, all I'm saying is…don't get your hopes up. Okay, Stanley?"

"Alright. Fine." Stanley said.

Lacey stood and stretched her arms outward toward Stanley, offering him a hug.

"In case I don't see you?" she asked with innocent eyes.

She stepped forward and gave Stanley a hug, crushing his chest with hers. Stanley's dick sprang to life at the feeling of her soft pillows pressed up against his body. When the hug was over, they said their goodbye's and Lacey climbed out his window once more, leaving Stanley alone in his room.

Slowly, he walked over to the window and locked it. Then he walked back to his computer and sat down. Bustygirlbff was no longer online. What was it she had said? 36DDD. Just hearing those letters and numbers, or seeing them on a screen was enough to give him a raging hard on; even though Lacey is what had gotten him warmed up. He clicked his mouse and got comfortable. He stared at the picture Bustygirlbff had sent him.

"Well, Bustygirlbff, I guess it's just you and me tonight."

"Stanley! Dinner!" his mother called.

"Oohhhhh!" Stanley groaned. "Coming mom!"



THUD!

Stanley awoke in the middle of the night to the sound of something hitting his window. He pulled his sheets off and turned on his lamp. He looked out the window and couldn't believe what he saw.

There was a huge, naked pair of tits pressed against his window. They skidded and slid across the cold glass; he could see both nipples getting harder and harder as the soft pillowy flesh was pressed firmly against his window. The boobs spread out as they had nowhere else to go, and they were HUGE. Stanley had never seen a pair as big as those before. In fact, he had only ever seen boobs by mistake. But there was a pair here, pressed up against his window. His hard cock began to throb under his pajama bottoms.

He began to walk slowly towards the luscious pair of melons on the other side of his window. He reached for the bottom of the window and prepared to open it…

But before he could, a pair of hands appeared and pulled a top down over the huge, busty rack; shielding them from sight. He heard giggling and then saw the face of the person those huge knockers belonged to: Lacey. She was laughing hysterically on the other side of the window.

"Let me in!" she said.

Stanley, still shocked from seeing his best friend's huge rack, did as he was told.

For the second time tonight, Lacey climbed through his window.

"OMG it is friggen freezing out there!" Lacey said, standing up. "Look at my nips!" 

Stanley let out a gasp as he looked at Lacey's chest, or rather; it looked like another girl's chest had been placed on Lacey's body. Not only were her nipples hard and easily visible through her skin tight top, but they were huge! Even bigger than they had been earlier!

"Lacey! How- what? Wha-WOW!" Stanley stuttered.

Lacey arched her back and gave a small motion of her hands, gesturing to her busty rack as if displaying them in a fashion show.

"And you probably thought it was just the glass making them look bigger…" she winked.

"Wha-wha…why?" Stanley asked.

"I had to press them up against the glass to throw you off. I wanted them to be a surprise. Surprise!"

"But how-"

"How big are they?" Lacey asked, finishing his sentence. "I upgraded to a triple D. That's pretty big, huh?"

"Yeah!" Stanley exclaimed. "But- why, how and triple??"

Lacey looked at the huge boner stretching Stanley's pajama bottoms. Then she looked back at him.

"That's right, Stanley. Trips. DDD. And they're all yours…"

"My- mine??" Stanley asked, breathing heavily.

"You and I have been friends forever. You've always been there for me. You've always respected me."

Stanley was having trouble breathing as he watched Lacey step towards him. Her boobs were bouncing slightly with each step she took. He couldn't keep his eyes off them.

"You've watched me turn into a beautiful, busty young woman. You've watched me grow. You've watched these grow."

She gestured to her huge rack.

"All those nights of listening to my problems, watching me cry, doing all those things guys only do to get a girl to sleep with them, all the hours you've put in, Stanley – they're all about to pay off."

"They- they are?"

Lacey nodded. She was only inches away from Stanley, but her huge chest jutted out proudly challenging those inches.

"It's time you were rewarded for all your hard work." She said. "That's why I went out and got this boobjob.

"To…reward me?" Stanley asked, short of breath.

Lacey nodded.

"To allow you to break in my new boobjob, and reward you…"

She stepped forward and placed a hand on the bulge in his pajamas…

"…with a boobjob of your very own."

Stanley almost lost it. He shut his eyes tight and gripped Lacey around the waist, trying his best not to think about what was going on so as not to spend himself too early. He could feel Lacey's small hand massaging and working its way around his cock, but when he opened his eyes and looked down at his crotch all he could see was Lacey's heaving chest, moving slightly with her hand jerking.

He pulled Lacey closer to him and she stepped forward, crushing his chest with her own, and he felt the familiar cushion of her pillowy tits up against his body. He had to shut his eyes and think of something else as he felt her soft tits pressing into him. He gripped her waist even harder.

Lacey looked over her shoulder and down to her waist at Stanley's hands as she continued to jerk him. 

"Is that where you want to put your hands, Stanley?" she asked. "On my waist?"

Stanley only moaned as he felt Lacey's hand on his dick. He opened his eyes and saw Lacey looking right at him. She gestured down with her eyes, to her heaving chest.

"Touch them, Stanley."

He took a one hand off her waist and slowly brought it up along the sides of their bodies. He wasn't sure what to do with it. Lacey's bust was so big that he wouldn't be able to bring his arm in far enough to enjoy feeling her up. She sensed this and stepped back a little, allowing him enough space to bring his arm through, which he did. He paused it just above her left breast. This would be the first time he had felt a boobie on purpose, or with a girl's consent. Lacey could see him struggling to savor the moment. She thought it best not to rush him. Stanley pulled his hand back and wiped some sweat off his forehead before allowing it to resume its position above Lacey's massive breast.

"It's okay." Lacey assured him. "Go ahead. Squeeze it. I want you to. That's why I got them. I want to feel your strong hand on my big, BIG boob…"

Stanley brought his hand down and gently placed it on her huge globe. The material of her blouse was soft, and he sunk his fingers into her abundant titflesh as best he could. Lacey let out a sarcastic gasp as he began to squeeze her big melon. Stanley felt the huge tit flowing into his hand as he released the pressure from his grip and squeezed over and over again. Like a sponge, it immediately bounced back into his hand.

Eagerly, he brought his other hand to her right jug and began squeezing it as well. He began to feel a little lightheaded and disoriented as he felt up his busty friend. He had dreamed of her huge rack for so long that it was hard to believe she was allowing him to cup and squeeze those massive orbs while she jerked him. This was like a dream come true.

Lacey arched her back and pressed her firm tits into the palms of his hands as she continued to massage his bulging prick.

"Oh Stanley!" she exclaimed. "I've always wanted you to feel my big, big tits! Bounce them around…"

Stanley cupped her massive tits and bounced them in his hands, enjoying the sight of seeing them jiggle in his horny grip. He was so turned on he was surprised he wasn't cumming yet. He felt Lacey's free hand creep up his back to the back of his head. He felt her smooth touch rubbing through his hair gently. After a while, he felt her gently applying pressure to his head. He complied with her and pushed his head forward as she guided it down to her tits. 

Soon she was pressing his head to her chest, clutching him to her bosom as if trying to suffocate him. Stanley found it hard to breathe as her big pillows slowly enveloped his head. He thought he was going to have an asthma attack, but then he felt her top slowly lifting up. He pulled his head back just a little to allow it to bypass him, and soon her huge melons bounced free. Stanley gasped as he was face-to-rack with her massive jugs. There they were, in the flesh, enveloping his entire head as Lacey pushed him deeper and deeper into her cleavage.

"Do you like them?" she asked.

Stanley could only moan in response as her huge tits massaged his face. Lacey looked down to her cleavage and saw Stanley's brown hair buried between her massive jugs. She smiled and then placed a hand in her deep cleavage to run a hand through his hair.
