 Last summer, my wife and I took a trip to Europe with her cousin and his family. We do a lot with my wife's cousin (Greg), his gorgeous wife (Alison), and his three kids (Bridget, Michael, and James). Bridget, the oldest, turned 18 the day we left. We had been planning our trip to Spain for nearly a year. Finally the day arrived for us to go.

For the long overnight flight, Bridget and I were sitting next to each other trying to get caught up. She and I have always been close, in a big brother / sister kinda way. It was like I was re-living my high school years through her again. We talked about everything, in complete confidence. Just before the trip, Bridget broke up with her boyfriend and was relieved yet depressed. I was surprised to hear so much about her relationship. She was really opening up to me. At first, I was embarrassed to talk with her about sex ... after all she was a little kid when I first met her and I was having a hard time getting this "little girl" image out of my head.

As we continued to talk, dinner was served and the movie started. Bridget had the window seat. I was next to her in the isle seat. My wife's cousin (Bridgett's father) across the isle next to me. My wife and the rest of the group were sitting across the remainder of the row. Greg fell asleep shortly into the movie. After the movie, the cabin crew turned down the cabin lights for the remainder of the night flight and the rest of our group (along with most everyone else on the flight) dozed off to sleep. Bridget and I continued our chat quietly. She pulled out a blanket she picked up when we boarded and tossed it over the two of us as it got chilly in the cabin.

The conversation drifted from relationships to sex. Bridget said "most all my girl friends are experienced, but I've only been with Rob (her ex-boyfriend). He was not very experienced. In the beginning it was a lot of kissing and touching, but he always wanted more. I quickly learned how to jerk and suck him off real good. But that wasn't enough. Then last year we finally did it, and I hated it. His dick was in me for 30 seconds and he shot off. I was horny as hell but he didn't get me off. He didn't know how to take care of my needs." 

I didn't know what to say at first. My eyes drifted, and stared at her lips and imagined her sucking me off ... then I got a glimpse of her partially exposed breast (no bra holding those C-cup titties back, just a t-shirt). I was lost in a lustful daydream of fucking Bridget.

I was snapped out of my daydream as Bridget shifted her position to lean against me. Her hand brushed against my raging hard on as she tried to reposition her blanket across the two of us. We both hesitated and looked at each other. Then she smiled ... kinda cute and all shy like. "Was that what I think it is?" she said. "What ...?" I stammered. Bridget reached under the blanket and gave my hard cock a gentle squeeze. 

"Oh that ...", I said, "I'm totally embarrassed". Bridget looked me in the eye and began to slowly trace the outline of my cock through my shorts. I just stared at her in total disbelief. I could feel the pre-cum oozing out. 

She leaned forward to look around and at her dad (sleeping across the isle from me). Then she slipped her hand down and slowly unzipped my shorts. She was immediately greeted by my hard cock, just dripping with pre-cum. She looked into my eyes and began to slow spread the pre-cum around my cock. As she slowly massaged my dick, her other hand slipped under the blanket to massage my balls. I couldn't believe I was getting a hand job by her with her dad sleeping next to me ... but I was totally enjoying it. We stared into each others' eyes. We didn't say a word to each other. I wanted to fuck her so bad...

My cock was swollen rock hard and oozing more pre-cum, as my balls tightened. She knew I was ready to blow my wad. Without hesitating, she slowly laid her head down in my lap as if she was curling up to sleep. She positioned herself with a blanket over her and managed to get her head partially covered and out of sight from her dad. With my dick jumping out at her, she slowly licked my shaft and teased my head. Then she swallowed my 7" cock. Her mouth was warm and wet. That was it ... I couldn't hold back. She wanted my cum. I never knew I could shoot so much cum. I could feel her nearly gagging on my load, yet swallowing every bit of my hot sticky wad. It was all I could to hold back my moans of pleasure and delight.

Bridget never made a sound. As my dick went limp in her mouth, she sucked it clean then gently tucked my cock back in my shorts. As she sat up, we stared into each others' eyes again. She showed me what cum she had left in her mouth as she stuck out her tongue. Then she swallowed it and kissed me. 

"You taste GREAT!" she whispered into my ear as the smell of cum rolled from her mouth. I'm really looking forward to the rest of our trip. She moved leaned over against the window. As she did, she gently took my hand and placed it on her breast ... I was hard again in no time ... I was speechless. I wanted her so bad. I couldn't wait until we had some time alone ... but how?

To Be Continued...