 This story happened when I was 19 years old and a sophomore in college.

I was a local school bus driver and college student when I got the biggest and best surprise of my life. As a part time job I drove school bus in Indianapolis, IN where I also attended IUPUI. I had been renting an apartment for a little over a year and hadn't seen most of my friends since I started attending IUPUI.

One night during Christmas break I was sitting in my apartment watching television when I got a knock on my door... I looked at the time and it showed 12:34 pm... I didn't know who it could be but I got off the sofa anyway and went to the door and opened it... my high school crush was standing there with a black duffle bag wearing her purple coat and charcoal colored sweats... she looked the same as she always did with great tan and her long brown hair and bright brown eyes and a gorgeous bright white smile. 

I just looked at her shocked and said, "Kelsey... hey what are you doing here sweetie?" 

She gave me a hug and said, "I had to see my favorite guy. I missed you so much!" 

I smiled and told her how much I missed her too and pulled her into my apartment. She sat her bag down beside the couch and took her coat off and came up and wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me down to kiss her.

I put my arms down on her waist and let them slide down to the small of her back and rubbed it because that always turned her on... when I did that she gave out a giggle and said, "so you remember my favorite place huh?" 

I said, "of course, I couldn't forget anything about the most beautiful girl around." She fell back on the couch and pulled me on top of her. We had a little kiss and I started going down to kiss her neck and she pushed me up and said... "Slow down there school bus boy." 

I smiled and pulled her up and showed her around the place. She had to go to the bathroom so I took her bag into my bedroom then went to the kitchen to get some wine that my grandparents gave me a few days before in the mail.

I got some glasses out and filled them up and Kelsey came out of the bathroom and gave me a big smile and looked down at the glasses and said, "Wine huh? Are you trying to get me drunk and seduce me? You are the only guy that knows how I am with wine." 

In my mind I had actually forgot but I didn't let me know and said, "Damn Kels, you caught me."

She laughed and picked up a glass and took a drink. I gave her a kiss on the cheek and asked her how she was. She told me that she was great and she was attending nursing school. She also told me that like me she was also driving school bus because we both have had previous experience with school buses. Kelsey's mom being a bus driver and my family having several people who were bus drivers. After talking about what we had been up too, Kelsey told me that she was starting to get really tired so I told her to go into my room and get into my bed. So she gave me a kiss and said, "You have to hurry and come to... I want to fall asleep in your arms like I used to." 

So I shut everything off and took a quick 5 minute shower and went into the bedroom. I was down to my boxers and got into bed... Kelsey still had her sweatpants on and a black tank top but when I looked to see if she was awake... she was fast asleep so I didn't even bother with her. I kissed her on the cheek and wrapped my arm around her.

The next morning I woke up and Kelsey was still asleep. So I thought I'd have a little fun... so I reached down and pinched her butt to wake her up... she jumped a little bit and turned around with a glare in her eye... I went in a kissed on the nose... and said, "oh hey beautiful... how was your night?" 

She kept looking even thought I know she wanted to smile... so I said something sweet. "Mine was wonderful with you by my side." 

She smiled and kissed me then said, "It was great!"

She pulled the covers off of us and went into the living room. So I got up and went out there... Kelsey wanted me to make coffee... so I did and we sat and talked for a good 30 minutes or so and talked about what we wanted to do that day. So we both agreed to go shopping at the mall.

Kelsey wanted to get ready first so she got some clothes out of her bag in my room and went to the bathroom to take a shower. I wanted to have fun so I went into the bathroom and Kelsey was just getting the water ready... so I came up behind her and put my hands on her waist... she turned around and said, "what are you doing?" 

I whispered into her ear to just relax. So she did as I nibbled on her neck and rubbed her belly.

She was just watching my hands and giving out little moans as I kissed and touched her. I let my hands slide down to her waist below her tank top and then began to pull it up... as I got higher; Kelsey lifted her arms and let me lift her tan top off. She had on a black bra that I took off right after I pulled her tank top off.

I turned her around so she was facing me and ran my hands over her belly and then went to her back to rub her the small of her back (again that's her favorite place) she let out a loud moan when I did that and instantly I noticed her nipples go get erect. I held her hair back with my right hand then brought my mouth to her ear and whispered, "Either you're horny or cold, right?" 

She smiled and said, "You'll find out."

I brought my hands back up to her breast and played with them and then brought my mouth down and began sucking on her left nipple. She let out a loud moan and put her hands on my head as I rubbed and sucked on her breast. After sucking and nibbling on her breast... I again ran my hands down and around to the small of her back and rubbed her there while Kelsey and I were kissing.

After kissing Kelsey for a few seconds I slide my index fingers into Kelsey's sweats and ran them along her waistband until I reached the sides of her waist... then I tugged her sweats down to ankles and pulled them off her feet. That revealed the sexy snug fitting Victoria's secret black thong that Kelsey was wearing. She looked down at me as I came back up so my eyes were level with hers. I looked at her and said, "Kelsey... you never used to wear thongs."

She said, "Well I knew that you would make my visit here special so I wanted to do something special."

I smiled and kissed her on the cheek. Then I began kissing down her body... past her neck, then her chest where her heart was clearly pounding behind her heaving breast. On my way "down south" I remembered something that Kelsey had that I only noticed on few girls; she always had these very tiny black hairs on the small of her back. I spun her around which surprised her and sure enough they were there... quickly though I went back to kissing down her belly... her skin tasted so sweet and had such a great look being how Kelsey was like naturally tan. I reached her little thong and kissed around the tops of the straps that were snug against her waist. I then kissed down the center of the thong right over Kelsey's crotch that was slowly getting wetter and wetter. I gave a little laugh and said, "Someone's horny"

She giggled as I was kissing her inner legs that she spread apart. I then took my tongue and licked up the front of the thong over Kelsey's crotch bone. When I got to the top I bit onto her thong and tugged them down her sexy smooth shaven legs. When they were off she kicked them off to the side. I went back up and saw the most gorgeous site I had ever seen. Kelsey's pussy had a little landing strip of black hair just above her pussy lips that were clearly had her juice dripping slowly out of her. I looked at her and saw how nervous she was... her hands we're at her sides and she was looking at me... I knew then what was wrong.

After 11th grade when Kelsey and I dated and broke up for the first time... she promised herself to me. We were friends after that but we never talked about when we dated. I always remembered her crying that night telling me that her virginity was mine to take.

She kept her promise... she was still a virgin. I went up and kissed her and held her and asked her why she saved herself for me. She looked at me as a tear ran down her eye and said, "You're the only guy who has never treated me bad and never hurt my feelings... you always were there for me when everyone else hated me for something I did. I feel in love with you for that and still love you for that."

She started to really cry and said, "I'm so stupid... I should of never even came back and told you that."

I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around her and said, "hey baby... first you're not stupid... you're the most amazing women I've ever met and I love you and I think it's the sweetest thing I've ever seen a girl do... especially one who could of easily had so many boys."

She wiped the tears out of her eyes and said, "None of them were worth it. Only you." 

I kissed her on the forehead and took a hold of her hand and brought her into my bedroom and took the towel off her waist and laid her down on the end of the bed. I went up by her ear and whispered, "Are you ready?"

She smiled and said, "Yes."

I was just about to go down to pleasure her again when she brought her hand under my chin and said, "I love you."

I brought my hand up to hold hers and said, "I love you too baby... and I'm going to prove that too you the best I can."

Then I kissed her hand and began kissing my way down her belly.

My dick was rock solid by this time so I dropped my boxers off to give it room. I made it down to the little landing strip of hair she had and began kissing slowly farther and farther down. She let out a loud moan when I finally reached her pussy lips. I let my tongue slid between her pussy lips tasting her juices as Kelsey was moaning and rubbing her hands through my hair as I was licking her. 

I wanted to have some more fun and try something new so I had her roll over so she was lying on her belly... I kissed her on the butt and said, "Just relax ok babe?"

She told me ok so I went back to what I was doing. I let my tongue run up and down her little butt then down in her butt crack.

I wasn't hearing anything out of Kelsey so I knew I had to go deeper to pleasure her... so I had her get up on all fours and I had her hold her butt cheeks apart. Then I ran my tongue up her butt and she really let out a loud moan. I licked back and forth as Kelsey moaned louder and louder.

I pushed her down on her belly and rolled her over. She knew it was time. Before I could even get on top of her she sat up and took my dick in her hand and began to jerk me off... I let out a moan as her little hand went up and down my shaft. She brought her head down to my dick and licked the back of my shaft and circled her tongue around the tip.

Then she took my dick in her mouth and began to suck on it and give me a great blow job. She was doing great. After sucking me off I pulled it out of her mouth and Kelsey laid back and spread her legs apart and said, "I'm ready."

I smiled and got on top of her and gave her a kiss and told her, "I love you."

Which she replied back, "I love you too."

Then I guided my dick down into her pussy. Now I knew Kelsey was still a virgin so I went as easy and slow and made it past her hymeneal tissue. I put about six inches out of a good 7 ½ inches inside her. She let out a moan as I started to thrust myself in and out of her.

I began to pick up the pace as Kelsey's pussy adjusted to my dick. She began pushing her body against mine and as soon as we we're at a steady rate she pushed her and me to the side so she could get onto of me. When she was on top... she began to ride me as I ran my hands up and down her tan little legs.

After a good 4 minutes of sex and Kelsey moaning. We decided to change things up and try another form of sex. Kelsey got off of me and I asked her how she was feeling... she giggled and said, "I think from my moaning... you know!"

I said, "Good point babe."

Then she took her index finger and tapped the crown of my dick and said, "No that is."

I smiled and grabbed her and threw her on the bed and said, "you little brat."

She smiled and gave me a little kiss and pushed me up and then she turned around and got up on all fours. I put my hands on her butt and said, "Are you sure you want it in here?"

She looked back and said "yes."

Then she spread her little butt cheeks apart. So I took a hold of my dick and rubbed some of my semen on the crown of my dick up and down her butt crack for lubrication then I grabbed her butt and slid my dick slowly inside.

Kelsey let out a loud moan and kind of pulled her butt away so I had to hold her waist as I began trusting in and out of her. Quickly the pace got pretty steady as Kelsey's moaning began to increase... after lots of moaning by both Kelsey and I... Kelsey and I both came to orgasm as I shot a warm load of semen deep inside her butt. I pulled out and bent over and kissed the small of her back then she laid down on the bed and I laid beside her and give her a kiss. She smiled and I asked, "So Kels how was your first time?"

She got on top of me and gave me a big kiss and said, "It was amazing."

The end... more stories of Kelsey and I to come... possibly.