 I dart my gaze over toward her, flaring my nostrils in the act of taking in a relaxing breath and releasing it. I casually rest my shoulder against the door jam as if I have nothing better to do. The bright light from the hallway stretches around my body and spills into the bedroom. The one room that I can literally trap her in and do with her as I please. And there she stands in the middle of the room. Her silhouette paints the darkened wall behind her with a striking pose. A black shadow looms above her petite form as a larger more ominous figure. Without saying a word I allow my eyes to drink in her succulent form. Every curve, dip, and plane of her body are open to my explorations. She is wearing my favorite black slip of a dress. The one that she has made me swear not to rip from her seductive little physique.

My ambitious eyes continue their journey down her torso and to her minuscule waist. A low tumbling growl escapes me, merely hinting at the fact that I wish to claim what is mine. The sweeping journey of my vision drifts down her hips and settles on her luscious legs. I've always been a leg man and always will be a leg man. Right away I notice that she is squirming beneath my gaze and this brings a cocky smile to my face. I like it when she squirms. It means that she is just as impassioned as I am. Those legs bathed in ivory skin caress one against the other. My eyes continue to rove down even further to the point of my desire, her tiny feet. Clenching my teeth together tightly I bite back the sudden craving to devour her.

She is wearing fuck me pumps again. The black chunky heel raises her up four inches above her natural height. I smirk, sensing her attitude from across the dimly lit room. It hangs between us like an impervious sexual fog. Her demure eyes sparkle and fall to the floor. "That's my girl." I whisper to her from my stance in the doorway. I quirk my brow while watching her hips oscillate in tiny circles.

It is as if she is dancing to music that only plays when I am around. The fire within her coils and expands in a torridly heated lethargy. The heated rush sweeps through her body and extends through her limbs with lascivious sexual tension. She is seething with wanton desire. I swipe my tongue over my lips much like a starving predator sizing up his prey, never letting my eyes fall from her. 

I concentrate on her ankles. They are so diminutive and pleasing to the eye. The skinny black velvet straps slink around her slender tarsus and grip them with a snug fit. Just like I do when I grip those ankles and spread her open wide. Her creamy skin drapes over the slim bone to create a delicious hollow for my lips to suckle and feast. Mmm and oh how I am going to tease I with my teeth. 

I can hardly wait to gnaw at the protruding bone and then caress it with my heated tongue to ease the sharpness of my teeth. The atmosphere is suddenly hot and uncomfortable within my clothing. Easing myself away from the doorway, I tug my shirt from the waistband of my pants. A metallic clacking sound signals the release of my buckle and the thrill of flesh meeting flesh in the near future. I can feel her eyes burning into me now. She's already begging me to make the first move. I shake my head at her. The slow and determined movement registers my intent deep within her knowing orbs. There is no need for me to speak, she understands my demands and desires. 

The hissing sound of leather sliding against denim brings a flaming blush to her skin as I slide the belt out of the loops of my jeans and curl the worn brown leather around my fist. Dark eyes meet her glistening amber pools and detain them from looking away. I consider snapping the belt at her or even using it on her but the thought is fleeting when I see her feet. Without a second thought my grip eases and the belt unfurls from it's coiled state around my fist and falls to the floor with a quiet clanking sound. Well manicured toes peek out from beneath wide bands of black velvet that criss-cross in an X over her foot. She is practically melting as she walks closer to me.

One tiny foot glides in front of the other. The polish lavishly coating her toenails glimmers and winks with her every step. The light shade of shell pink is reminiscent of her slick inner folds. A low animalistic growl rumbles from the back of my throat when she slides her hands down her sides and smooths her dress into place. The black velvet hugs her curves and sucks into her much like a second skin. 

Bare legs transverse with one sleek thigh caressing over the other in a sexy stroll that puts the hottest catwalk to shame. Damn! She's only fueling my fire. Perched upon those exquisite toes, tiny feet bring her closer to me ensconced in perpetual passion. The erotic stance pulls her calf muscles taunt and firm. The wench teases me without much effort. She knows how my blood boils within the anxious wake of laying my hands upon her flesh. Curvaceous hips sway back and forth in the act of luring me closer.

She steps up to me. Her breath is warm and sweet as it flutters against my cotton shirt. The thin veil of clothing stands as a barrier between us. Golden locks spill over her bare shoulders when she tilts her face up to look at me. She boldly stares into my ebony gaze while undulating her hips to brush up against my growing bulge. Hands that could easily clutch her and jerk her closer simply slide the spaghetti straps from her shoulders, trailing my hands down either side of her arms. That's when I feel one tiny pump slip over the top of my barefoot and press into my flesh. 

The little minx is already pushing me with bright eyes that dare me to put her in her place. 

My jeans well out even further with the impromptu bulge of my cock. But I stand still and resist putting her in her place with a firm hand. This miniature battle of wills is one that I wage alone. I glance down in time to see the tip of her sexy pump slip beneath the cuff of my jeans. A labored breath surges and immerses into her skin when I lower my head and nip along her collarbone. The taste of her skin sinks into my senses and tantalizes taste buds that crave the sweetness of flesh.



Gripping her with both hands I succulently pull her skin between my teeth and grind them back and forth over the captured treat. I thoroughly enjoy devouring the tender morsel. I've got her right where I want her and my thoughts are confirmed when her low groan grows and reverberates against my lips. Strong masculine fingers cinch around her waist to roughly yank her body into mine. Malevolent in my desire to posses her I crush her slight frame into my strong build and whisper against her throat with a deep growl, "Mine." Gleaming white teeth pull at her flesh before releasing it with a slight snapping sound just inches from causing harm.

Her answer is simple yet sweet as she curves her shoe in and rakes it across the top of my foot. The little wench draws the sole over my foot, pulling my skin in the wake of her touch. Volatile white streaks flare and fade from the imprint of her shoe upon my skin. The engaging breathless smile she gives me does little to convey any integrity. And yet it warms my heart just the same. 

She's playing the part of innocent. A part I know all too well. I'll let her try, I always let her try. 

It's the seductive pull and push of our relationship. She steps out of bounds and I yank her back to the reality of my world. And she's pushing right now. The little minx has eased her tiny foot further up my ankle. I shiver involuntarily when she turns her foot to the side and slides the velvet band against my skin. The luscious fabric will be my downfall before too long. I leer down at her. It's a look that's well recognized by her. With one tentative step back she wrenches herself from my grip. I simply watch her with a leering smirk and hungry eyes. I will have her soon regardless of her tactics. 

My hand cuts through the darkness to reach for her. But I find myself grasping at thin air when she deliberately turns to the side. Normally I would have descended upon her by now. But the flow of her hands eases up to cup and caress her ample bosom. I want to see just how far she's going to take this seductive little dance. In slow motion she turns to allow me the full sight of her body. A heaving bosom rises and collapses, crushing her flesh into the black velvet with a husky groan. Aaah she teases too well. My view is obstructed too soon when she turns around completely to saunter toward the bed. I should grasp those golden locks in my fist and force her back to stand before me, but the full sight of her luscious body stills my movements. Swaying hips saunter toward the bed as she gives me an extraordinary glimpse or that swaggering ass while prancing away from me.

I half growl and groan with the raging desire that races through my veins. Lurching forward I fall in step directly behind her. She'll be lucky if she makes it to the bed. And then she stops. One knee is perched upon the bed as she turns to look back at me. Amber eyes glisten with the passion unveiled before me. To touch or not to touch? To cross her flesh with a harsh mark or not? These are the questions that fill my mind. All in due time she'll more than find out. 

The slight indention from her knee creases the comforter at the point of contact making it seemingly reach up to consume her. The movement naturally spreads her legs to reveal her glistening cunt. Her sweet scent permeates the room with a heady aroma that would test the habits of a monk. Black velvet creeps up the curvature of her ass to reveal more of her creamy flesh. My hand guides her other leg up so that she's now on her hands and knees at the edge of the bed, spread open and ready for my attention. A nasty little thought infiltrates my mind but is kept secret behind a dominate gaze that gives nothing away. I glance back toward the belt and leaver her long enough to stalk over to grasp it once again.

The hem of her dress creeps up more and fully exposes her well-rounded ass. She's noticed that I've moved and yet she doesn't dispute the leather belt now clutched in my hand. She wants it. And she wants it hard. It could be no other way between us. I bid her to obey and she does so or she suffers the consequences. But now, she suffers not. She's begging me for it. Every dark and demented caress I could give her is begged for within the shining gleam of those amber eyes. I slide the belt in my grip, curving it so a rather short length is extended from my hand. Fully stepping up behind her I rare back and send the end of the belt up to smack between her legs. The leather collides with her slick cunt, slapping into the tender flesh with a moist smacking sound. "Spread your legs further girl." 

I can barely hear my own words as they're spoken. The cry that she's unleashed is no normal cry of pain. There is no begging plea to stop. And it's music to my ears, the way she gulps back another whimper and slides her legs further apart. The belt lies limply upon the bed just waiting to fulfill my darkest desires. I firmly grasp her ass with my free hand to knead the solid flesh into my grip. My fingertips trace along the smooth curve of her cleft barely digging in to tease her. Then without any further notice I send the belt up with another vicious smack into her pulsating cunt. 

This time she lurches forward with the firm placement of the belt to her sodden flesh. Of course the movement is followed by a loud cracking sound as my hand makes contact with her ass. The sound fills the room only to be eclipsed by her cry of shock. Now why she's shocked I have no idea, but I know I'm going to enjoy every minute of keeping her in her place. "Back to the edge of the bed slut or it's only going to get worse." She can hear the smirk in my voice before she even glances back at me. Blonde locks whip to the side and splay across her back as she looks over her shoulder and starts to back up toward me. 

I grab her and pull her back where she belongs, shaking my head at her as I rub the palm of my hand into her offended flesh. To further her torment I step up and grind the teeth of my zipper into her skin so that she can feel the hard bulge of my cock behind the denim. Shooting her a look that tells her that she is getting exactly what she's asked for, I step back to send the belt flying up against her waiting cunt with the flick of my wrist. 

This time the smacking sound produced a cry from her that was simply divine. Glancing down at the belt I'm very pleased. The brown leather is dark with the mark of her slick cunt, proving that she's cumming harder with each delicious slap delivered to her fiery flesh. Mmm and that cum is going to coat my cock in short order. For now this little slut is going to feel the lingering sting of my belt. Two more harsh slaps lick at her flesh with primal brutality. 

While she's left reeling in the void between lashes, deft fingers unfasten the fly of my jeans to allow my jutting cock to spring from the confinement. Dropping the belt, I shove my jeans past my hips and straight to the floor and step out of them. Determined to free myself from my clothing I quickly whip my shirt over my head and drop it beside my jeans in a crumpled heap. Every thought in my mind is focused on the act of pleasure. When she tries to look around toward me I catch her head with a firm hand and turn her around to stare at the blank wall in front of her. "I don't think so puss. Keep your gaze trained to the wall and just feel. If I catch you turning around....you'll feel a lot more than you expected."

My cock twitches and bobs as I drink in the sight before me. My girl on her hands and knees and left open and vulnerable to my touch. I press my meaty cock against the hot juncture of her thighs and tease her flesh with another slow grind. Fevered flesh is crushed to fevered flesh. I land a quick smack upon her right cheek and grind my hips into her again. Obsidian orbs dance with delight as I watch her flesh move beneath my hand. I deliver another hard smack to her left cheek. Her creamy skin is now marked with the imprint of my hands standing out in a light pink glow. She's shuddering against me, I can feel her entire body quivering and just begging for more the whole time she remains quiet. I know my girl, she's got her teeth sunk into her plush lower lip, biting the hell out of it to help her hold her place.

Teasing my little slut has always been a favorite past time of mine. With a wicked gleam in my eyes I skim my hand up the center of her back and across the plush velvet dress that's still clinging to her body. My fingertips dip in to caress her spine and span the length. Simply marveling at the manner in which she arcs her back with my touch. Thick fingers spread over the back of her neck and sink into her golden mane. Curling fingers clutch into her silken tresses as I pull her back and toward me with a slow rise. My fist is decadently enshrouded in a golden halo. I raise my chin, dark eyes gauging her every move as I watch her ease back against the hard planes of my chest. 

A soft groan escapes rosy lips as she attempts to hold her place for me, propped up on her knees and spread open as she should be. A depraved whisper infiltrates her senses as I speak close to her ear, "You know I could fuck the hell out of you right here and now my sweet little puss. And there is nothing that can stop me. But you don't want to stop me do you hmmm?" Dark and rough words hit their mark. She writhes back against me in sultry abandon. A devious little chuckle greets her ears when she timidly shakes her head and begins to plead with me.

This I do not allow. I grip the hem of her dress and pull the fabric up her sinuous body, letting the velvet glide over her voluptuous form and finally over her head. Curling locks of hair spring from the restrictive fabric and splay down the middle of her back and against my chest. Mmm so very nice. I toss her dress to the floor next to my clothing before inching my fingers back into that silken haven and grasp her hair in my fist once again.

I slip two fingers up to her lips and dip them into the warmth of her mouth. I am so very pleased to feel her soft lips suckle at my digits with a growing hunger. I'm positive that my girl aches and is so very close to the edge. I temper her and rein her in with the soft jerk of my hand in her hair. Nonchalantly curing the tips of my fingers into her mouth and seductively pulling them from the velveteen cavern until they are free from the heated vice. "Mmmm my girl needs to be fucked doesn't she? She needs that freshly spanked cunt spread open wide with this cock hmm? Don't you slut?" 

I grip her hair tighter and pull her back erratically to feast upon the delicate flesh of her neck that is now exposed to my advances. She tilts her head back into my hand and closes her eyes in an attempt to ease her torment. Fingers wet with the moisture from her mouth cascade down the nape of her neck and between the valley of her heaving breasts leaving a moist trail of desire in their wake. And lower still they travel as I split my fingers to caress either side of her navel, marking the sudden intake of breath with the sunken plane. Her breath is so erratic and light when she whimpers and strains to control herself. It is almost as if she's trying not to move my fingers. I crane my head down and tease the valley of her neck with my lips. "Eyes are still meant to be trained forward puss." I murmur between suckling nips. 

She nods and whimpers against my lips as she averts her gaze to the wall while she can still keep them open. My fingers blindly creep between her smooth thighs and delve into her sodden flesh. I dip them into her pulsing cunt and slather her satiny cream over every inch of her skin. "A little wet are we pet?" The continuous baiting and play on words continues within our exchange. When she's this breathless I don't expect an answer. She answers every question with the submitting of her passion. 

Grasping her now damp locks I pull her back even further. A violent quiver pushes back against me when my lips capture the swallowing motion her throat makes when she strains to do as she's told and not move when she craves to do so. This time I can see her white teeth sink into the plush flesh of her lower lip and I take that exact opportunity to plunge two thick fingers into her tight cunt. A deep groan plays along her throat as I suck and feed upon her skin like a man devouring food for the Gods. Coursing my tongue across her flesh in a trail of fiery passion around the back of her neck, I sink my teeth into her skin and growl at the base of her neck. 

The deep curve of her ass tilting back against my lower abdomen ushers forth the intense clenching of my fingers as she locks them tightly in her pussy. A harsh sucking motion pulls my lips from her flesh so that I may lay a kiss against the skin just below her earlobe in a sign of approval. Withdrawing my fingers from her sopping nether lips, I produce the glistening digits and bring them back to her lips. One breathy word is whispered against her ear as I press my cheek to hers, "Suck." Lost in her enthusiasm to please, she immediately clamps her lips around my fingers.

She ushers forth a soft moan of pleasure as she sucks her sweet cream from them. Something deep within me twists and coils, making my heart thud within my chest as she tastes her desire for me. My dark gaze bores into this suckling girl as I carefully remove my fingers from her succulent mouth. The tip of her tongue lingers and curls around my index finger before releasing it. She takes such pride and pleasure in the act of pleasing me and I crave this. It's like the very blood that runs freely through my veins, pulsing and thriving to bring life to ones heart. 
