 Chapter One 

A loud ringing filled my ears and eyes flickered open. After a few seconds I got my bearings, and I quickly realised I had fallen asleep in English Class once again. Not that I was surprised with myself. English Literature had never interested me, and spending weeks gruelling through "Of Mice and Men" could put the most avid reader to sleep. I could feel Mr. Philips eyes on me as I quickly gathered my things and slipped out the door behind my peers. 

"You were snoring pretty loudly Jeff!" laughed Henry as we made our way towards our lockers. "I poked you with a ruler a dozen times but you didn't budge!" 

"Sorry. Had a rough night!" I smirked back at Henry. 

"Well?" He asked with anticipation. 

"Well what?" I teased. 

"Your eighteenth birthday. That's what. Tell me all. What happened with Megan?" 

"Nothing really happened, I was out with family, hopefully see her tonight!" 

"Wait so you didn't see her? What about your big plans?" Henry slammed his locker shut and watched me with a huge smile on his face as I rubbed my eyes in tiredness. "You do look pretty out of it! A bit too much to drink last night? Or maybe you had other things on your mind instead of sleep? I guess you're glad it's Friday!" 

"A bit." I murmured as Henry ran off to his next class. 

The truth is that I really couldn't remember much from last night. I remember going to that new Greek restaurant on the high street with my parents and sister. I remember a huge selection of food, and my dad ordering me my first beer! Well at least what he thought was my first beer. He only let me have one, and I was sipping on coke for the rest of the meal. I know my parents had bought a birthday cake to the restaurant for desert, but I couldn't remember eating it or being served desert at all! Did I really get drunk of a single beer? I was supposed to meet Megan after dinner, did I make it? I would have to try and piece together the night. 

I checked my phone as I walked to maths class, and there were thirty two unread texts from Megan. Yes thirty two. 'Where are you?' 'What time shall we meet?' 'Where are you?' 'Shall I come over?' 'Hello?' 'Jeff what is the plan?' 'Call me now!' The messages became more and more aggressive and worried as the night went on. I must have been really out of it! Seeing Megan last night had been my top priority for the last month. She was six months older than me and absolutely stunning. Her body was growing in all the right places and her smile was completely infectious. Just laying eyes on her made my heart jump, and nothing made me happier than spending time with her. 

Her parents were on holiday in Spain and her brother was out of town for a few days. Last night she was home alone, and she wanted me to come over. We had talked about taking our relationship to a physical level for a long time, but she had finally decided about two weeks ago to take the next step the night of my birthday. Last night. For both of us it would be our first time. 

Maths class was as just as boring as English, but for a very different reason. I absolutely loved maths. It has always been my favourite subject, one I am fortunately very gifted in. It had always felt like the Maths work being taught was at a level that I mastered months ago, and I never felt challenged or motivated. Our maths teacher Mr Simmons didn't help things either. He was enormous, loud, hairy and his breath stunk like a skunk. 

I quickly finished my work then began composing an apology text message to Megan, although I wasn't entirely sure what I was apologising for. Near the end of class Mr Simmons started talking once again so I slipped my phone back into my bag. He was a very old fashioned teacher, one who often wished things would go back to the days of corporate punishment. I knew if he caught me using my mobile phone he would confiscate it for a week. Those were his rules, and no amount of pleading or excuses would change them. 

"Gentlemen, today is your last lesson with me for the next three months I am afraid to say." My ears suddenly perked up in interest. "Next week I am having an operation and won't be back at work for a while, but a substitute teacher will be coming in and taking care of your lessons until I return." The rest of his words fizzed into the background as the whispered voices of sixteen students gossiping took over. 

* 

That evening my sister Lucy couldn't contain her laugher every time she walked into the living room where I was sitting. After a while it began to feel like I was the centre of a joke I didn't know about. After a lot of sibling wrestling and tickling, I eventually pried out of her what she was hiding. Last night after the single beer dad had bought me, she had slipped a double shot of vodka into every one of my eight cokes. Now things started to make more sense. How she did it without my parents and myself spotting was a mystery I am still trying to figure out. 

Apparently I was pretty drunk by the end of the night and my parents believed it was due to the single beer. They sent me straight to bed when we got home. My sister is twenty six; eight years older than me; which proved very useful for purchasing alcohol and the occasional pack of cigarettes. Now being eighteen I wouldn't need her services anymore! Like me she was naturally gifted in mathematics and had followed the subject through to degree level. She often helped nurture my numerical skills by setting me difficult problems to solve or letting me work through some of her old text books. We have always had a very close relationship. After her university days she moved back home and got a job in a local bank working as an actuary. She had a long term boyfriend, Andrew, who died in a car wreck three years ago. Moving home gave her support and time to focus on herself and her healing. She has been single ever since. 

Megan ignored all my calls and texts through the day and night and I decided I would go by her house after dinner. She only lived a five minute walk away so it was very easy to pop in and out. 

I knocked on her door for ten minutes but she didn't answer. I was about to walk away when I tried to call her mobile phone once again. I could hear the phone ringing inside the house before she quickly disconnected the call. 

Two minutes later she opened her bedroom window upstairs and popped her head out. She looked angry, hurt, and a complete mess. Something was definitely wrong. She told me to leave her alone and that she needed some space. Before I could explain about the spiked drinks she slammed the window shut and drew the curtains. I crept around the back of the house and tried to go in the back door, but for the first time since I had met her, the back door was locked. I persuaded myself it was because she was alone at home without her parents, and after another fifteen minutes of trying to get her attention I gave up and started heading home. 

The remainder of Friday night was spent trying to reconnect and apologise with Megan. I know I screwed up by missing last night, but it felt like something more was going on. Unfortunately, every call and message went unanswered. I hoped in a few days we would get past this, but she was madder then I had ever seen her. I promised myself I would buy her flowers tomorrow. 

* 

The weekend ticked by very slowly, and I could not stop thinking about Megan. Everything had been going so well, and out of nowhere everything was falling apart. I forced myself not to message her as I knew she probably needed just a bit of space, but I did organise for some flowers and chocolates to be delivered to her house. 

My parents left at around 3pm on Saturday as they were going to a wedding out of town. They would be back tomorrow late afternoon. I knew my sister was going out with some friends in the early evening so I made a last-minute plan with Henry on Saturday night. Initially I was planning on going to the cinema with Megan, but that plan had all fallen to dust now. I arrived at Henry's house at about six, and had a lovely dinner with his family. I shared a great bond with his parents, as I had known them since I was a toddler, and I had spent much of my childhood in and out of their house. They were very liberal, much more so than my parents, and they didn't seem to object when we opened a few beers and watched a movie, even though Henry was still seventeen. I arrived home at about eleven and the house was completely quiet and dark. I headed straight for bed. 

At about one in the morning I woke up needing to pee. Those five beers at Henry's house were working their way through my system with a vengeance. As I opened my door I could hear laughter and noise downstairs. I was surprised the high pitched squeaky laughs hadn't woken me earlier. My sister must have come back home with some of her friends, something that happened very often when my parents were out of town! 

Half asleep I stumbled to the bathroom and pushed open the door. As the door fully opened, my eyes were drawn to the beautiful woman sitting atop the toilet. She had a beautiful olive complexion with thick brown hair flowing over her shoulders. Her eyes were a piercing black that sliced right through me. Her lips were thick and shiny with red lipstick and incredibly inviting. Her body was perfect. Her waist was small and tight; her breasts were large and shapely, and sat perfectly inside her red lace top. Her jeans were down to her ankles and incredibly sexy black lingerie underwear sat around her knees. Her legs were long and perfectly shaped. They seemed to go on forever. She was leaning forwards just enough so her red lace top was hiding the mound between her legs. 

Instantly she pulled her right arm across her breasts and with her left stretched her top down over her knees. "I'm so sorry, the door wasn't locked." I said in a dry husky voice - Suddenly I felt very dehydrated. My feet stayed firmly planted on the floor for a good few seconds before I quickly turned and closed the door behind me. I paused for a moment outside the bathroom door and felt a surge of adrenaline pump through my body. I decided to use the en-suite washroom in my parent's bedroom, but as I walked there I realised I had a huge erection pointing out through my pyjamas bottoms. It looked like a tent was pitched between my legs. 

As fate would have it, when I returned to my room, the beautiful mystery girl was walking down the hallway towards the stairs, five foot in front of me. Her jeans were incredibly fitted and her perfect round ass swung to the left and right with every step. Her black lingerie underwear sat higher than her jeans and my eyes focussed on them. She turned as she heard my footsteps. 

"I am really sorry. I really did not mean to open the door. If I knew you were in there..." 

"It's okay." Her voice was soft and smooth and she had a slight eastern accent. "It was an accident. I'm Liz. One of Lucy's friends." 

"Nice to meet you Liz. I'm Jeff, her younger brother." We shook hands awkwardly and I noticed her looking down at my crotch. My erection had gone, but my face began to turn red. "I'm going to go back to bed before I embarrass myself anymore!" I said as met her gaze. 

"I'm sure we'll meet again soon Jeff." Liz said as she walked towards the stairs smiling. As she began to walk down the stairs I noticed both her nipples were rock hard and protruding through her top. She turned her head when she was halfway down the stairs and caught me watching her. "See you Monday!" she said with a hint of laughter and walked away. 

I returned to my room, and as I closed my door I could hear the distinctive sound of several women laughing. I guess she shared the encounter with everyone straight away. 

What did she mean by see me Monday I wondered? My sister was always having friends over, so it was very possible she would be coming around again! The thought of that excited me incredibly. As I climbed back into bed I was rock hard once again thinking about those nipples pushing through the red lace top, and those legs that went on and on forever. The image of the sexy lingerie over her knees was implanted in my mind. I found myself wishing I had seen something more of what was between those legs. 

* 

I woke up late on Sunday to the smell of pancakes. Lucy loved to cook, and on Sunday mornings she would always make several dozen pancakes or waffles. It was a little tradition of ours to eat together every Sunday morning out on the patio, just the two of us, to catch up about how our weeks had been. 

I felt embarrassed to go downstairs after last night's incident but I knew I would have to bite the bullet from her sooner or later. She loved to tease me, and I knew I would really be in for it. 

She joked about it for a while, but she knew it was a genuine mistake of mine for walking in the room, and of Liz's for not locking the door. Her friend Liz was a university friend who she hadn't seen in about two years. Lucy assured me that Liz had no hard feelings against me and everything was okay. My face turned bright red as she emphasised the word hard. 

We talked about Megan for a long time, and I really gave Lucy a guilt trip about spiking my drinks. She promised she would talk to Megan and try and sort things out. 

A couple of hours later Megan called me and we spent a long time talking on the telephone. She told me that she was incredibly hurt on Thursday night. She had an incredible night planned for the two of us, and to her at the time, it felt like I wasn't interested in her anymore. I explained to her about the spiked alcohol, but she said it was too late. That night she felt so betrayed, after crying alone for two hours she called a friend for support. A male friend. 

What she told me next broke my heart, and even though I could see things from her perspective I hated her with so much anger. My year long relationship with her was truly over. There was no coming back from what had happened. As much as I felt guilty for not contacting her or going over I knew it was her fault for doing what she did. When a relationship has a problem you don't run into somebody else's arms, you try and fix it. That's what I always believed. 

* 

Monday morning was cold and incredibly rough for me. I hadn't slept at all, thinking about Megan and her friend. The fact that the relationship was over wasn't the hard part, stopping my mind picturing the two of them together was. 

Lucy had spent most the night talking things through with me, and even though I felt a little better, I was still incredibly hurt and felt like there was a huge hole in my chest letting my soul pour out. 

I didn't want to go into school, and planned to stay in bed all day. Twenty minutes before school was scheduled to start Henry came over and forced me out of bed. I brushed my teeth and dressed quickly before being dragged out the house with a coffee in hand. Today was the first day in years I was heading to school without showering! 

By the time we arrived at school I had missed the early morning assembly, and I made it just in time for the last five minutes of English. The day went by incredibly slowly; I felt hot, sweaty, and almost feverish throughout the day. I didn't register anything that was happening the whole morning. At lunch I poured my heart out to Henry, but it didn't feel any better to talk. I felt just as crappy afterwards. The thought of getting away to university in a few months seemed more and more desirable.  

The first period after Lunch was Biology, which I shared with my friend Matt. We sat in the back row as usual and chatted through the video on dissection. The biology teacher loved video aids and it meant he could sit playing games on his phone through the period and still give us an 'adequate' education. It wasn't surprising the average predicted grade in Biology was a C. After a few minutes our conversation moved to the subject of maths, and more to the point if I had seen the new substitute teacher as yet. Apparently a lot of students had met her in the cafeteria at lunch, and she was a stunning sight to see. That being said, a young beautiful female teacher in an all-boys school; would always get the boys talking. 

My last period of the day was Mathematics, and I had forgotten all about the new teacher until I opened the door of the classroom and found all eyes shoot to me. I quickly looked to the left and the teacher's desk was empty, but every other student was sitting in place. 

I cautiously made my way to the only free chair, at the very back of the classroom and asked Fred, a student I barely knew what was going on? 

"Didn't you see the new teacher at assembly this morning? I know what my new favourite class it!" I smirked as I looked around at my peers. Whoever this new teacher was had all my classmates enchanted before most them had even spoken to her! 

Three minutes later, I had my phone in my hands under my desk, checking my messages, when a familiar soft smooth voice called out from the door. "Is this class 301?" 

My phone slipped from my fingers as I looked up and my eyes met with the enchanting eyes of Liz. 

The rest of the class had stood up tall as she walked in, and like every other boy in the room I could not take my eyes off her. She looked just as beautiful as when we had our last encounter although she now had a "librarian" look about her. Her long silky hair was tied back in a ponytail and she wore thick rimmed glasses that only accented her cheekbones. Her lipstick was a more pink pale tone, but complemented her light makeup very well. She wore a thin beige coat that completely covered her from her neck down to her knees. Down below her legs were wrapped in dark black trousers, and her shoes were crisp black and shiny with two inch heels. 

Her eyes locked with mine for a good three seconds before I realised I was still seated. I quickly stood up and mumbled an apology as she moved towards her desk. 

"Good Afternoon Gentlemen. My name is Elizabeth Winters. You can call me Miss Winters, and I will be your temporary mathematics teacher. Please sit down." 

My heart began to race and I felt my palms becoming increasingly sweaty. As I sat I quickly grabbed the separated parts of my phone from the floor. Resting them on my knee I began to piece them back together as Liz continued to speak. 

Liz began to walk across the rows of tables as she spoke about how hard we all had to work to ensure we achieved our required grades for university. As I looked up from my rebuilt phone I found her eyes catch mine once again. A split second later she made a be-line directly for me and I instantly became aware of my heart throbbing through my chest as she rapidly approached. She stopped two foot away from me, and I became completely intoxicated. Her perfume was light, sweet and floral; but underneath that I could almost taste her natural womanly smell on my tongue. I immediately regretted not showering and shaving that morning. 

She pushed out her hand towards me and held her open palm in front of me. "Phone please." She requested in a forceful yet sweet tone. 

I felt my heart sink a little, realising she had seen my attempts of putting my phone back together and misread them as a distraction. I placed my phone atop her palm and as I did her fingers brushed against mine. A wave of electricity ran through my body and I felt almost nauseous. 

She made her way back to the front of the class and removed her jacket slowly. Her black trousers were looser then the jeans she was wearing the previous night, and sat comfortably below a white shirt that was buttoned to the top. The tight buttoning only accented her breasts and I felt a distinct triangle forming under my desk. 

"If I catch anyone using their mobile phones in class I will confiscate it for the day." Once again her eyes hit mine. "Come see me after class." Several of my class mates looked at me jealously as I shifted my seating position. 
