 This is my first story. Please excuse any errors in it. This is a fictional story. All fictional characters depicted in the following story are over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy it.

*****

My name is Ashton. I'm an average looking guy. I'm about 5'4 and weigh around 140 pounds. I have black hair, brown eyes and have slightly tan skin. I usually wear jeans and a t shirt. I've never really considered myself anything special. I never had any attraction to any of my teachers every. Until I met my science teacher Mrs. Bridge.

She was slightly taller than I was. Probably around 5'5. She had brown hair that was down to her shoulders. Not too long but just right. Her eyes were a beautiful brown. But most of all she had the best body I have ever seen. She had a 36-25-40 figure. Her ass was a little big for some people but for me it was perfect. Her boobs were 36D but had no sag to them. She was a young teacher which is why her boobs were perfect. 

Every day I would walk into her class, find my seat, and position myself perfectly to hide my erect cock. I knew my cock would harden no matter what she wore to class that day. I loved it when she wore jeans and a t shirt because they perfectly outlined her curves. 

Because of her amazing body, I had a hard time focusing in class. My grade slowly started to drop in the class. Towards the end of the semester I had to figure out a way to get some extra credit in her class. 

It was a Thursday afternoon. The bell rang to signal the end of the class. I gathered my supplies and approached her desk. 

"Mrs. Bridge?" I asked. 

"Yes Ashton?" 

"I have a really bad grad in your class and I was curious as to if you offered any extra credit."

"Well, I usually do not offer any sort of extra credit. However I know you are a hard working student. So here's what I can do. Stop by tomorrow after school and I will have made an extra credit packet for you by then."

"Thank you Mrs. Bridge. I will see you tomorrow!" 

The next day was Friday. I was just ready for school to be out so I could go home and enjoy my weekend. The final bell rang which signaled the end of school. As I was walking to my car I remembered I had to go and get the extra credit packet from Mrs. Bridge. 

I turned around and headed towards her classroom. As I walked into her classroom I noticed what she was wearing. She wore jeans which hugged her 40 inch hips perfectly. She wore 3 inch high heels which made her ass pop and her boobs stand out. She wore a v neck t shirt which stretched across her boobs. The bottom of her v neck t shirt struggled to surround her hips. 

I tried my best to look away so I didn't get a hard on. She turned around to see me staring at the ground. 

"Ashton! I made your packet for extra credit. It's over on my desk," she said as she walked over to her desk.

"Thank you so much Mrs. Bridge. I will not let you down." I said as I approached her desk. 

"You're welcome Ashton. But before you take the packet I have to ask you a question. Why do you have a bad grade in my class?" She asked. 

"Well Mrs. Bridge. I am a little distracted in your class." I replied.

"By what?" She asked.

When she asked this question I hesitated to answer. Do I tell her the truth? Or do I make up some lie?

"Well Mrs. Bridge to be honest I'm distracted by you. The way you look and the way you dress is distracting to me."

"That's what I thought," She replied. She got up and shut the door to her classroom. "Have a seat Ashton," she commanded as she walked towards me. I sat down in the nearest chair. 

"I've been waiting for you to make a move Ashton," she said as she leaned over me. As she leaned over me I could see clearly down her v neck. I couldn't help but stare. She smiled and said "I've been waiting for this for a while." 

She leaned forward and kissed me. Her kiss was aggressive. She used a lot of tongue. I was caught off guard and struggled to push her tongue with my tongue. As we kissed she reached into my jeans and started stroking my cock. 

"Stand up," she instructed. I stood up and she immediately undid my belt and took off my pants. "Oh my god!" She exclaimed. To me my cock was nothing special. Probably about 7 inches erect but I had a bigger than average girth.

"Lay down on your back and take off your shirt," she said. I did exactly what she asked. I laid there on the ground fully naked on my back. She squatted in between by neck and started massaging my semi-erect cock. As she did this she took off her shirt and her bra to reveal her beautiful 36D boobs. I stared at her amazing breasts and my cock instantly became erect. 

"You have a gorgeous cock. So big and beautiful," she said as she stroked my cock with her hand. "I can't wait to have this inside me." 

She then spit on my cock and spit in-between her boobs. She then took my erect cock in-between her boobs and started stroking my cock between her massive tits. 

I moaned out of sheer pleasure. I never imagined that this would be happening to me. 

"Oh you like that do you?" She cooed as she stroked my cock. "I see the way you look at me during class. I see that bulge every day in your pants. I need a good fucking and I knew that you would be the one to give it to me." 

I was speechless as she continued to stroke my cock with her tits. She started to rotate her body while adding spit to her boobs and my cock. By now my cock was oozing with precum. Her boobs had become so slippery as she continued to turn her body so her pussy was right over my face. 

"Take off my pants Ashton. I want you to lick my pussy," she said. I took off her pants and her thong. There right in front of my face was her shaved pussy. I immediately started licking and sucking on it.

"Oh fuck!" She exclaimed as she continued to stroke my cock with her boobs. She then released my cock from her boobs and immediately engulfed my cock into her mouth. 

I moaned loudly as I continued to lick her pussy. Her mouth was heavenly as she started to stroke my cock with her mouth. She took her hair in her hand and started massaging my balls with her hair. She was working my entire cock and it felt amazing. 

"You're going to make me cum Mrs. Bridge," I struggled to say between licking her juicy pussy. She immediately stopped.

"Oh we're far from done Aston," she said as she stood up. This was the first time I saw her ass. It was beautiful and round. It was smooth and jiggled as she stood up. She walked over to her desk in her high heels. As she walked she swung her hips making her ass jiggle even more. She leaned over the desk making her ass look even bigger. Her boobs were laying on the desk because of how big they were.

"Get over here and fuck me Ashton," she demanded. I immediately got up and positioned myself behind her and aimed my cock at her pussy. I slowly entered her pussy. We both moaned as my cock stretched her tight pussy. I finally put my cock all the way inside her pussy. Her big ass pressed my balls against my thighs as I grabbed her tits and massaged them. We both stood there for a second as our bodies adapted to each other.

Finally I started pumping my cock in and out of her wet pussy. "Fuck me harder Ashton," she cooed as she stuck her ass out to get better penetration. I started fucking her harder and faster. As I increased my speed I continued to massage her big tits in my hand. 

"Oh yeah. Fuck me Ashton. I love your big fucking cock. It feels so perfect in my pussy. Don't stop fucking me. Keep going," she said as my cock slammed in and out of her pussy. 

"Oh yeah Ashton. You're gonna make me cum. Keep going. Oh yeah, yeah, YEAH!" she yelled as her pussy tightened on my cock. I slowed my pace as her pussy oozed her cum all over my cock and balls. Her pussy stopped contracting and she immediately turned around and swallowed my cock in her mouth. She took my cock out of her mouth and started licking my balls. She made sure to get every drop of her cum off of my cock and balls. 

"Your cock is so good Ashton. Especially after it's been drenched in my pussy juice," she said. "Now it's my turn to please you. Lay on your back," she demanded. 

I laid on my back and she stood over me facing me. She lowered herself onto my cock. She took my cock in her hand and aimed my cock at her asshole. She slowly lowered herself on my cock as my cock entered her asshole. She grunted as she struggled to accommodate my cock. I let out the loudest moan yet. I have never had anal sex. Her asshole was tight. I cock slowly slid in with the help of her spit and my precum. She finally fit my entire cock into her asshole. She started slowly moving herself up and down, slowly stroking my cock with her tight asshole.

"Oh my god. Your cock is so big. It's bigger than my husband's," she said as she started quickening her pace. This turned me on for some reason and I reached out and grabbed one of her boobs with my right hand as my left hand grabbed her ass. 

She leaned forward so now her boobs were right in my face. I then moved both of my hands to her big ass. I loved grabbing her ass and playing with her ass cleavage. 

"You like it when I take your cock from you don't you Ashton? I love your cock. It's perfect. It gives me so much pleasure. My tits are right in your face. Why don't you suck them?" she asked. 

I started sucking her tits and she let out a moan as she pounded on my cock. I loved how her tits bounced in my face. I could feel her ass cleavage hit my balls making them bounce every time she pounded my cock. 

"I love making your balls bounce up and down with my ass cleavage. I know you like it when my big ass jiggles all over your cock. I can feel your cum dripping from my ass. I love it when you suck my big tits. It turns me on so fucking much. You're going to make me cum again Ashton."

"You're going to make me cum too Mrs. Bridge." 

"Oh yeah Ashton. I want your cum in my asshole. Please give it to me. Oh yeah, yeah. OH FUCK!" She yelled as she started cumming. Her asshole tightened and she slammed my cock all the way up her ass. She grinded on my balls with her big ass. I started cumming and shot stream after stream into her asshole as she grinded on my cock. I came for what seemed like a minute. Our orgasms finally subsided. 

"Holy fuck Ashton. I wish my husband was as good as you," she said with my cock still in her ass. She stood up and my cum dripped out of her ass and onto my semi-erect cock. "Oh let me get that for you," she said as she bent over and sucked my cock clean. "Most of the time he can't even make me cum," she said despite her mouth filled with my cock. 

After she was done she looked at me with my cum all around her lips. "Now that I think about it, I don't think you need that packet to pass my class," she said as she smiled at me. "I'll take care of your grade honey. And if you ever need any help in any subject don't be afraid to visit me," she said.