 I live on the 5th floor of my apartment building. I'm the only one on the floor who is single and lives alone. The others are married or just living together until they get married. There's a woman who lives down the hall, her name is Paula. She's married with two kids, one is 8 the other is a newborn. Her husband is kind of a schmuck, though. He treats her well enough, but he acts like an asshole to the other tenants and doesn't seem to pay too much attention to his wife's needs. I know this because for the past two years I've been maintaining a friendly, flirtatious relationship with Paula. Mostly we talk on the elevator or in the hallway. Sometimes we just have a regular conversation, but most of the time we find ourselves flirting. She likes it because it makes her feel more attractive and wanted; I like it because I've been trying to find an opening to get her into bed. I don't care if she's married or not, she's a hot piece of ass and I want to fuck her badly. I've had a few openings to do so in the past, but I've been enjoying the hunt, it made it more exciting. But now I want to go through my list of taboo women and I want her to be part of it.

Taboo women #2: the married woman. This is considered a taboo relationship because there's no telling what could happen if you get caught with a married woman. For starters you could get the husband after you, and Paula's husband is a big dude that you don't want to fuck with. Secondly, the married woman could easily get attached to you. So if I don't play this right I could get into some serious trouble.

I don't think I have much to worry about, despite her husbands faults I don't think she's going to leave him. For starters, he's very successful and they've been planning on getting a house to move away. I don't think she would want to risk losing everything for a fling, but she needs some excitement in her life and I could give it to her. I just need to let her know that when its time to get down to it that it will be purely physical, no emotion.

I found my opening one day when I took a day off from work and I ran into her outside the building as she was bringing in her groceries with her baby in the stroller. Her husband was of course at work and her oldest son was in school. I of course flirted with her a little bit, making a comment on her yellow dress that hugged her curves in the right places. Then I offered to help bring up her groceries to her apartment while she pushed the stroller.

Inside her apartment I set the groceries on her kitchen table and she took the baby out of the stroller and held him in her arms.

"Thank you," she said. "Would you like to have some coffee with me? Unless you have other plans."

"No plans," I said. "I'm just using up one of my sick days before they expire, so I was just planning on just hanging out in my apartment."

That wasn't a lie. It has been a slow week at work and I wasn't going to be missing anything if I took one of my sick days and just stay home catch up on my Tivo.

"Ok then, have a seat and I'll be right back."

I sat on her couch in the living room and she disappeared into the baby's room to put him to sleep. It wasn't long before the baby started crying and I heard Paula mumbling something.

"Hey, Kyle," she said as she stepped out of the baby's room. "I'm sorry; maybe we should do this some other time. I've got to..." she hesitated for a moment there. "I've got to nurse the baby."

"Oh," I said.

"Its going to take some time, you don't want to wait."

"I don't mind waiting," I said. "Just tell me where the coffee is and I'll get it made for us. Just tell me how you like your coffee."

She agreed and told me where to find the coffee can and filters are and how she likes it before she went back to the baby's room to nurse him. While I got the coffee ready I couldn't help imagining her in the other room with her dress open on top and breasts exposed. Sure she was doing it to breastfeed her baby, but it was still exciting to think about. Paula was about 30 years old; she had shoulder-length blonde hair, great blue eyes. She had a great body also, a great ass that went great with her 34D tits that she liked to show off in tight t-shirts or dresses that showed just enough cleavage to get you interested but not too much to get you too distracted.

I got both our cups ready just as she came out of the baby's room. She sat down next to me on the couch and took a sip of her coffee. She closed her eyes and let out a nice little moan.

"This is good," she said. "My husband could never get the way I like it."

We chatted for a little bit, I snuck in a few little flirts to get some idea into her head. It was taking longer than I expected to take. I was beginning to think I should've put some alcohol in her coffee to get her a little tipsy like I did with my boss a couple of weeks ago. I decided to hurry things up a bit and make a very big and risky move. I put my hand on her thigh and rubbed it a little.

"What do you think your doing?" she said with a little smile.

"I just wanted to see what your dress felt like," I said with a bigger smile.

"Oh really," she said.

She put her hand on top of mine and guided it up to bare knee. I looked deep into her eyes and she stared right back at me. I leaned in and kissed her on the mouth gently and then pulled back a little. Then she grabbed my head and smashed our lips together before she shoved her tongue down my throat.

We began pawing at each other like a couple of teenagers. I began undoing the buttons on the front her dress while she was taking off my belt and unzipping my pants. I pulled her dress down to her waste and had her in her nursing bra. I reached around her back and fumbled as I undid the clasp and then took off her bra. I pulled back from her to take a good look at her amazing tits, they were spectacular. I grabbed at them and fondled them gently as she finally got my pants down just enough to get my erection out and standing. She began stroking me as we kissed some more. But I didn't want a hand job, I pulled away from her lips once more, I grabbed her head and pulled her downwards to between my legs. She opened her mouth wide and took my dick into her mouth. Her lips were perfectly sealed around the shaft; her tongue was gently massaging and lubricating it every time she bobbed her head up and down.

I got her to deep throat me a few times, getting her to gag a little each time. We went on like this for a good 10 minutes before I pulled her head out from between my legs and began kissing her and fondling her tits again. I began kissing her neck and went down slowly to her tits. I began kissing and slobbering each of her tits and she held my head firmly against them, telling me how much she loved it. I moved to one of her nipples and put it in my mouth and sucked on it a little. I was only playing around with the nipple like I usually like doing, I was caught off guard when milk starting shooting into my mouth. I tried to pull away but she held my head firmly in place telling me how good it feels so I continued to drink her breast milk some more, it wasn't so bad and it was kind of erotic.

"Oh, that feels so good," she said. "My husband won't even try it"

After a few minutes I pulled my head from her breast and told her to take me to her bedroom. On our way there we peeled off the rest of our clothes and we were naked on her bed. The idea of us doing it on the bed she shares with her husband made it even more exciting. I got on top of her and immediately shoved my dick inside her. I started fucking her as hard as I could as she begged me to go faster as she held me close against her body. In one quick motion I turned our bodies over and had her on top of me now and got her to ride. Her hands were grabbing the headboard for support; her tits bounced wildly with little drops of milk came out of her nipples and fell on my chest. I slapped her ass a few times and she loved it.

I flipped her over again and held her hands behind her head in a tight grip, it hurt her but I didn't care, plus she seemed to like it. I began fucking her harder than I did before, not letting up at any point. 

"OH YES! OH YES! GIVE ME MORE" she yelled.

"You'll take what I give you and like it slut," I replied.

I got that sensation in my balls that told me that I was ready to cum. I did what I could to hold on longer but in the end I had no choice of the matter. I gave one final thrust into her body and shot a hot stream of cum right inside of her. At the same time began to shake as an orgasm spread throughout her body.

We lay next to each other to catch our breaths. When I got my energy back I grabbed her and pulled her to her side and put my mouth on her nipple and drank more of her milk, I figured I deserved a good snack after a job well done.

Afterward we got up, gathered up our clothes and got dressed. She assured me that she knew this was just for fun, she wanted nothing more out of it. I was relieved to hear that. We set up a date and time we could do this again before I left her apartment. She and her husband were going to be moving out next month into a house and we were going to get as much out of each other as we cold before she leaves.

END OF CHAPTER 2