 "Is that Chalfont cognac?" Tara Daniels asked.

"That's right," I said standing in her office doorway with the bottle of brandy in one hand and two glasses in the other. "I thought we'd celebrate our big win today."

"I don't usually drink, but sure, why not?"

I walked up to her desk and set the glasses down then opened the bottle and poured our glasses just over the halfway point.

"A little much, don't you think?"

"How else am I going to get you wasted?" I said.

She gave a chuckle over that comment, but in reality I was trying to get her to loosen up to make it easier for me to seduce her.

We both picked up our glasses and toasted to the Peterson account and a job well done and drank. She coughed a little after a few sips, I guess she really wasn't much of a drinker. I goaded her to drink more and she did, this time she was able to handle it better.

After we were done I refilled our glasses some more, this time just little more than before.

"We really shouldn't be drinking this much," she said.

"Come on, live a little," I replied with a big smile.

"I wonder what HR would say about me drinking after hours in the office with one of my subordinates," she said as she took another sip.

"Screw them," I said. "They don't have to deal with our pain in the ass clients, we do."

"I'll drink to that," she said as she raised her glass in the air then taking another sip.

"Come on, lets sit down," I said.

I took her gently by the arm and guide her to her couch on the other side of the room and got her to sit down. I then went back for the brandy and set it on the coffee table in front of her. I refilled both our glasses and sat down next to her.

"We do need to celebrate," she said. "This was a huge account. Enough to save some jobs and maybe even get us some well deserved raises."

"I'll drink to that," I said. She agreed, we touched glasses and took another big sip.

Tara was a beautiful woman, sexy woman. But that wasn't why I was trying to fuck her on her office couch... OK, its part of the reason why. If she wasn't hot, I wouldn't have been there. The main reason was for the challenge of it all, that the whole situation was considered taboo. I read an article recently about the top 10 taboo women that men secretly want to sleep with and why. Reading that article got me really excited, there were a few types of women on the list that I always wanted to sleep with, and a few others that I never really thought about but it got me thinking about how exciting it would be to sleep with them.

That's why I was there on the couch, because of the list. NUMBER ONE: Your Woman Boss.

Fortunately, I had Tara as my boss and she was smoking hot. She was only a few years older than me, about 34, long dirty-blonde hair, and even though she always dressed professionally, you could tell from how her clothes formed around her that she was definitely packing a nice little body under there. Tara was also recently divorced, her husband of 7 years cheated on her one too many times and she finally through him out. She threw herself into her work, even working after hours and on the weekends. I also found out that she turned down several advances from other men who worked in the company, and even turned down requests from her friends to set her up on a blind date. I knew she was in need of a good fuck she just needed a little help getting there. 

After a few minutes of chatting and a little more drinking I finally made my move and put my hand her thigh. Her skirt was riding up a little and I had a good feel of her warm skin.

"What are you doing?" Tara asked as she giggled.

"I think you know," I said.

"Come one, Michael. I'm your boss," she said and took another sip of her cognac.

"That only makes it more exciting," I said.

I leaned in and kissed her on the lips. She didn't turn her head away or push me away; she just sat there letting me kiss her for a good long while. I let go of the kiss and looked at her, her eyes were closed but they opened up soon after and she just looked at me. She took the glass that was still in her hand and finished up her cognac and slammed it on the coffee table. Then she took my glass and finished what was left in that one and threw it over her shoulder. Then she grabbed me with both hands by the shirt collar and pulled me straight to her face and kissed me hard. Our tongues danced in each others mouths. She hadn't had a good time like this in years and she was going to make every moment of this worth the long wait.

As we kissed we kicked off our shoes and peeling each others clothes off. Seeing it was difficult to kiss while undressing we each other, we both mutually stopped kissing and began taking off our own clothes. I got down to my boxers and she got down to her underwear. Her underwear was nothing special, your standard white, its not like she was expecting to get fucked on her office couch that evening, but still she looked great. Her body was better than I expected it would be; she had a nice slender body, her ass was small but firm, her tits were a perfect 36C's.

She grabbed the cognac that was still on the table and drank several gulps from the bottle before slamming it down on the table. She stood straight up, or as straight as any drunk woman could get, and took off her bra. Her tits were huge and perfect with perfect half-dollar size pink nipples. She pulled down her panties; her bush was small but covered everything. I usually liked it shaved but I was still cool with it. She put her hands on my shoulders to steady herself as she moved her body down on me. I was still sitting up on the couch, she grabbed my 8 inch member, stroked it a little before she guided it into her pussy. As she moved her body down on my dick she let out a loud moan.

"Oh, I really needed that," she said.

I had my hands firmly gripped on her ass as she rocked herself back and forth. Every time my dick moved into her body she let out another moan. She was warm and tight, she felt incredible, and I wanted the moment to last forever. Her tits were rubbing against my face and the first I chance I got I caught one of her nipples in my mouth. She held my head to her breast as I sucked on the nipple like baby. My mouth let go of her tit as she began riding me harder and her screams became louder. She arched her back very far; I had to hold on to her tighter so she wouldn't fall down backwards.

I pulled her back and got her on her back on the couch. I grabbed her hands and held them firmly over her head as I forced myself to push into her as hard and fast as I could. She screamed in both pain and ecstasy as an orgasm ripped through her body.

"Oh, I really needed that!" she screamed. "Please give me another one, please, please, please!"

I did the best I could to give her what she wanted but I couldn't do it in that position. I got off of her and pulled her off the couch. I bent her over the coffee table and got in position behind her. I guided my dick back into her pussy, grabbed firm of her ass and fucked her. I slammed in and out as hard as I could, she screamed with every thrust into her body. I smacked her ass good and hard and she like it. Before I knew it she had her second orgasm, and soon after I shot all of my cum straight into her body. As soon as I was sure I shot every drop into her I pulled out of and sat back on the couch. Tara just stayed in her doggy-style position a couple more minutes catching her breath, then she got back on the couch and sat next to me.

......

We didn't realize it but we fell asleep on the couch. We woke up naked with her head on my shoulder.

"Oh, shit!" she screamed. "We gotta get out of here."

I saw the clock she had on her desk, it said 8am, we had an hour to go home change our clothes and get back to work. But there was one problem, I was having a morning erection and big one.

"We still got an hour," I said.

"So what?" she asked as she got her panties back on.

"Well, what do you think?" I asked as I pointed to my erection.

She stood there for a few seconds thinking.

"Oh, hell," she said. "Nobody will notice if we wore the same thing as yesterday."

She got on her knees in front of me, grabbed hold of my dick and stuck it in her mouth.

END OF CHAPTER ONE