 My Thoughts On Showering: A Fantasy

I'm in the bathroom standing in front of the mirror, brushing my hair; I see your reflection as you enter. You stand there for a minute watching me brush the tangles out of my long curls. I offer the brush to you. You take it, and gently stroke a section in the back of my hair with it. Starting with the ends, and working your way up, like you have done a thousand times before. You love brushing my hair. You love the warm, thick, soft texture of my hair. The curls wrap around your fingers as you brush through the section. Each tendril seems to intertwine and clasp on to you. You finish brushing through the back and you put the brush down on the counter. You wrap your arms around me from behind and pull me close to you. 

I look up in the mirror and can see you smiling at me. I reach up and embrace your arms. Then slowly I turn around in your arms to face you. I look up at you with my big brown eyes and you smile back. Your blue eyes are lit up with love and adoration. I reach up on my tippie toes and kiss your warm lips. They feel tender and soft, your mustache lightly tickles my face. Your lips part with mine, as you search my mouth with your tongue. Already, I can feel the stirring in your loins. 

Your drop your hands from behind me, as you reach around the front of my robe for the knot in my belt. You undo the knot and the robe falls to the floor leaving me naked. You continue to kiss me, kissing me more deeply now. I can feel the passion in your kiss. You caress my naked body as your tongue probes my insides sending shockwaves throughout my core. 

You reach for my nipples and they harden at your touch. You tease them a little between your fingers. Your lips leave mine as you work your way down my neck, kissing it's warmth. You trace your way down my neck line to my collar bone in gentle little kisses. You stop your ministrations to my nipples for a minute and lightly trace over my collar bone. My skin feels silky smooth beneath your fingers. I feel myself starting to melt with your touch. I feel so feminine, like a delicate flower. You look up at me, and smile. Your eyes convey such warmth. And want. I see a spark of mischief in them and I wonder what you are thinking. 

Before I can utter word. You are lifting me up and setting me down on the vanity top. The marble counter feels cold against my naked cheeks. I can feel it cooling off my wetness.

You lean forward and take in a nipple into your mouth, and suck on it greedily, hungrily. You attack my nipple with such vigor, that I am taken by surprise. The cool marble beneath me seems to have just gotten slicker. A moan escapes my lips. You move on to the other nipple with the same vigor and hunger. My exposed nipple tingles with the cool dampness left on it. I cradle you head in my hands, throwing my head back to moan softly. You know of my fantasy to come from merely having my nipples stimulated, and are doing a pretty good job of getting me there. I feel you tongue flicking my sensitive nipple as if you were trying to milk it. The sensations within me are growing and mounting. 

You alternate now between nipples, and quickly lick the nipple tops back and forth as you press my breasts together. You can tell I am enjoying your touch as I knead the back of your head and neck lightly with my nails. My moaning is becoming louder, and I am rolling my head from side to side. I wanted to give in to the feelings within me. 

Pangs of excitement and anticipation are nagging at my inner core. I want to ride this wave as long and as far as it would take me. You can feel me giving way underneath you, and you lightly nibble at one of my nipples to further heighten my pleasure. Then you return to my now overly sensitive nipple and suck it for all it is worth. You reach down and spread my legs, as you dive two fingers deep into my wet interior, sending me over the edge. 

I roar and scream, as your hand is rewarded with a bath of warm fluids. You shove your thumb onto my love button to keep the sensations within me going. Your mouth leaves my breasts, moves down between my legs, leaning me back, and lap up the juices between my lips with your tongue. You reach down and place my legs over your shoulders, my feet are near your ears, and you slide me forward to you. You continue applying gentle pressure to my clit continuing to make me come. Before I even have a chance to come down from one orgasm, I am riding another wave of passion and pleasure. You continue licking up my juices as I give them to you. I am moaning and screaming like never before. Your mustache and beard tickles my inner thighs. 

You reach up, not wanting to neglect my breasts and pinch my nipples. Your tongue runs it's course from my perineum along my lips to my clit. You take long quick laps up my slit, quickly passing my clit. You suck my baby smooth lips, and then drive your tongue into my pussy as your nose pushes against my clit. I am writhing in ecstasy. My juice trickles down your beard. I take hold of your and shove it into my pussy more as I continue riding this orgasmic wave you have caused deep within me. I am screaming and calling you name. You suck and lick and drink all that I have to give you. You'd like to stay between my legs all day but you have other plans for me. Slowly I start to calm down from the sexual overload. You kiss my sweet smooth lips, and just for fun blow a verbert on my inner thigh. I laugh and smile at you. You face is covered in my juices.

After about a minute, you stand up letting my legs drop slowly, helping them rest against the cabinet doors. Then you help me off of the counter. I am still somewhat disoriented. You support me, and we stand there in an embrace; me with my head on your shoulder, and you with your arms around my back holding me.

I look up at you into your loving blue eyes. I see the love and warmth in them, and I see the want in them still. Slowly, I break the embrace and head for the shower. You reach for my hand and hold it as I open the shower door with my other hand. We drop hands as I take the next half step towards the shower and turn it on, and allow the water to heat up. Then quickly, I return to your hand and kiss you. I am can taste my juice on your lips. Kinda tangy, kinda sweet, but then, I have gotten used to the taste on your lips. I reach for your cock; it's semi hard. I smile and think about how hard it will soon be. Then I head into the shower and close the door behind me.

You stand outside the shower for a minute or two watching me through the clear doors. I can feel the warm water run down my hair and back. I welcome the feel of the water on my back and feel it's soothing comfort. I reach up and lift my hair, wetting it. 

You take hold of your cock as you watch me. You think about my hair and you smile. You love it's soft, rich feel, and it's sweet smell. 

I feel the water rush over my shoulders and down my breasts. My nipples tingle with delight. They are already sensitive from the attention you have just given them. I reach down and take one between my finger and give it a pinch. Instantly it perks right up. I take the other and do the same. I know you are watching me, and I smile a wicked smile. I decide to do a little dance and tease for you in the shower, as I play with my nipples. You moan slightly as you rub your growing shaft. My dark chocolate nipples and areolas stand out against my skin. Gently I twist a nipple for you and pull on it. Then I reach under my breast, cupping it and bring my mouth down on the nipple as I suck and lick it. Your shaft hardens and your mind reels. 

I continue to play with my nipples with one hand as the other and slowly travels down my belly, past my belly button, in search of my V. I turn slightly so you can get a good look at my trimmed puss and smooth lips, not that you haven't already had a close up view of them. 

You continue to stroke yourself as you watch me play with my lips and nipples. I trace my lips with my fingers and open then a little for you showing them to you. You are getting excited watching my performance for you. You are not sure how much you can take. I see you hard cock, and smile. I like the thought that I can turn you on so by playing with myself. 

I lean forward and press my breasts into the shower door, mashing them. You see my flattened chocolate kisses and laugh a little. The smooth glass is cold and sends a chill down my spine. I wiggle my ass a little and step back. I open the door and reach for you. You take my hand and I pull you into the shower. You join me and wrap your arms around me as you passionately kiss me. You burn with desire for me and I can feel it in your kiss. You loved your private performance and thank me with your kiss and loving embrace. 

We stand there kissing under the flow of the water for a few minutes. The water sprays down each of our backs and trickles down in the cracks between us in the front. The water is still warm and refreshing. We can feel the heat of our passion rising in the steam of the shower. I can feel your want growing between your legs and pushing in me. I feel the stirring desire inside me growing too.

You turn me around and reach for the shampoo. You look at my hair and smile as you pour some sweet smelling shampoo into your hands. You lather up my hair with the shampoo and gently massage my scalp with your finger tips. I slowly rock my head back and forth and moan. You fingers feel good going through my scalp. You feel the rich lather foam up between your fingers and the softness of my hair. You can tell by the way I am moving my hips that I like you washing my hair. 

You pull me back a little by the shoulders and lean me back into the stream of the water so you can rinse my hair. You watch the suds run out of my hair, cascading down the curls like a waterfall. You gently pull on my ends and watch the remaining soap bubbles slide down my hair and gently squeezing excess water out of it. 

You take the creme rinse and squeeze a dab in your palm. You smile as you stare at it for a moment. The color and the consistency look vaguely like another creamy substance we're so fond of. You rub it between your fingers and then massage it through my curls, make sure to get it worked into my ends and underside where I need it most. The feeling is so silky, so sensual, I nearly come on the spot. My eyes are closed as I concentrate on the moment. I nearly stumble and lose my balance but you are there to catch me. I snap out of my momentary trance, and turn to face you. You are staring down at me, smiling. I stretch up and thank you with a kiss.

We each grab a shower pouf and some shower gel and lather them up. Then we massage the lather all over each other washing each other's bodies. Afterwards, take turns standing in the stream and rinsing off the soapy suds. You let me go first. And as you are having your turn standing in the stream and rinsing off, I cannot help but to hungrily eye your cock. Watching the warm water run off of it, makes it all the more appealing to me. 

I kneel down to take position between your legs as I reach for your long semi erect cock. I hold my mouth open underneath it to catch the run off. The water tastes sweet. I lap at the water on the undersides of your sacs, and roll your cock between my hands. It firms instantly to my touch. I tease the head with my tongue. You take my head in your hands. The water is beating down on my face, and I lovingly take your shaft into my mouth. I feel your ridges with my tongue as I wrap my lips around you. I stroke my fist up and down and I bob my mouth up and down your rigid shaft. My tongue mashed it to the roof of my mouth. I relax my throat, gagging a little as I take all of you in. It makes me choke a little, but I know you love the feeling of being swallowed up inside of me, and having my lips surrounding your base. I continue to manipulate your tool with my mouth for a few minutes. You are loving the sensations it is sending you, but you have other plans for me.

You take my face, and turn it upward so I can look at you as your remove your shaft from my mouth. It makes a wet popping noise as it comes out. You are smiling at me, and your merry blue eyes are saying thank you to me. You have me turn around, while still on my knees. You massage my cheeks, and slit for a few. The warm water is still beating down on me, and my juices are already flowing, so it is slick inside there. You take you shaft and guide it inside me. You enter in one fluid movement. You take hold of my hips and pull out a little only to slam it back in to the hilt. I cry out as your head hits my cervix. You hesitate for a second realizing that I am okay, and you continue. I am moaning more and more as my body begins to quiver around your cock. 

The water is spraying off of you and raining down on me. It trickles down my backside and tickles my ass. You continue your erotic assault on my body. Your cock is sawing at my clit, and brushing my spot and cervix. The sensations radiate throughout my body. My moans can now be heard about the sound of the shower as they echo against the walls. You can tell by my tone that I am close to coming. You say you want to hear me scream as you slam into me. You reach around on grab my breasts. Water drips from my nipples as you rub some in with your thumb and fore finger. I can feel your balls slamming into my ass. You pull out and slam into me once more and I cannot hold on any longer. You hear me scream as squeal as I quiver and come all over your cock. The water washes it away as it squirts out onto your balls. You hear the sloshing sound and feel how wet my insides are. 

You allow me to calm down, and you help me up from the tile floor. I rub my knees a little which are marked by indentations of the tile. We laugh and we kiss as I wrap my arms around you. The water is starting to feel cooler now as we have gone through the hot water. You are not done yet though as you lift me up. I am still kissing you as I wrap my legs around your midsection. You turn and press me into the cool wet tile wall as you enter me, grasping my ass. 

The combination of the cold wall, and water raining down on me, and you entering me sends shivers down my spine. I let out a gasp. Chills run all through me as you continue to slam my back into the wall. You stop kissing me as look me straight in the eyes examining my soul as your cock pounds away inside me. I see the edges of your lips turn up in a slight smile. You are enjoying yourself, and know that I am too. Moans are beginning to escape my lips again. The water is beginning to turn icy cold, but inside of me, you are churning and keeping me plenty warm. 

The cold water spraying on me causes my nipples to harden. You can feel them poking at you between us and you twitch your eyes brows in approval. You pick up the pace now and are rapidly entering me. I know you are not far from coming and I moan and thrust onto you with my body, trying to match each thrust from you. I want to take you all in. I want to meet you in your excitement and come with you. You cannot hold on much longer and begin to whisper enticing things in my ear. You know what turns me on, and what makes me hot. You have already made me so hot this morning, but you want to give me an extra boost and push me right over the edge. 

My mind is reeling as I feel your cock begin to quicken and pulsate. I'm moaning and screaming and I know the time is near for me too. The anticipation of the coming orgasm make my heart race. My body tingles with excitement. I hear you cry out as you begin to shoot your load deep inside of me. 

You slow your thrusting down and hold yourself deep within me. I think of the things you said to me in my ear and I am overwhelmed with my own shockwaves of orgasm. Our juices mix together and run outside of me and down my ass cheeks. Cold water from the shower rinses the product of our love fest and cools us. We smile and laugh as I collapse on your shoulders. You ease me down and continue to hold me. I look up at you and smile. We kiss as we rinse in the cold water. It feels good on our heated bodies.

We finish, dry off, and lean into one another basking in the afterglow of our love making. I love showering with you. Thank you.