 We lay there for a long time, enjoying the afterglow, until some measure of strength began to return to me. Regretfully, I rolled out of bed, and told her to give me a moment to warm the shower up for her. She joined me soon after, some of my sperm still dribbling out of her, and I helped her into the warm water.

I have to admit that this was something I had been looking forward to. As wonderful as the sex with her had been, I hadn’t really been able to step back and admire her wonderful body. But now I could leisurely explore every inch of her as I covered her in soap, scrubbed her, and rinsed her off. I loved and caressed every inch of her fair skin, and delighted in how her blond hair hung in wet ringlets down her back. I washed myself off quickly, and we stepped out and helped each other dry.

As she stood at the bathroom counter, playing with her hair and doing other girlish things, I stood behind her and hugged her. Her soft, warm bottom pressed against me as I ran my hands over her cute little tummy and cupped her breasts in my hands. She smiled at me in the mirror, and when she was done I took her hand and led her back to my bedroom.

Lying in bed, we were both exhausted, but still feeling a little playful. There was one thing we hadn’t done that I love to do, and when I shyly asked her, she happily complied. Getting up on her knees, she turned around and squatted over my face. Now my whole world was nothing but her. Her wonderful smell and taste filled my awareness, and fresh from the shower it was pure and delicious. When I opened my eyes, it was her sexy ass I saw, perched above my face. I couldn’t resist giving her bottom a flick or two from my tongue, which she adorably shied away from. But after that, I focused on her sweet pussy, thrusting my tongue deep into her, and rubbing her clit with my chin. If I hadn’t come just a few minutes earlier, I would have been cumming buckets then.

Eventually, she’d had enough, and rolled off my face. I kissed her deeply (again, she didn’t mind her own taste on my lips…so sexy), and thanked her for indulging me. I don’t think she felt too put out.

She needed to get an early start the next morning, so we decided to head over to her hotel room before we fell asleep. It was a short trip, and while she put a few things away, I took off my clothes and slipped into her bed. She soon joined me, and while her naked form felt wonderful next to me, I had no intention of doing anything other than going to sleep. But soon we were talking of the night’s events, and when she thanked me for the wonderful oral sex, I couldn’t help but tell her how much I enjoyed going down on her, how great she tasted.

Well, nothing turns me on like talking dirty, and to my surprise, my cock suddenly perked up. I think I caught us both off guard by rolling on top of her and sliding into her tight, still wet, pussy again. But if she was surprised, it was a pleasant one, as the look on her face told me. In no time we going at it full steam, until she stopped me, rolled me over, and sat back down on my cock. Now on top of me, she slid up and down wildly, her hips bucking, until she came to a shivering stop, and collapsed on top of me.

I gave her a moment to recover, but now that I knew she was satisfied, the need to come was filling me. I rolled her back over, but she could feel that I had softened while she rested, and decided to help me out. She pushed me back, until I was kneeling, and squatted in front of me. Her soft lips sliding down my cock felt magnificent, and her cute little tongue licking her juices off me turned me on like never before. I wanted to come inside her pussy again, but I was frozen, unable to move as she stroked my rigid dick and bobbed her head back and forth. Helpless, I watched as she milked a powerful orgasm out of me. It was a brand new sensation to me, as I kept coming and coming. I expected to see my come dripping out of her mouth, until I realized that she was swallowing everything that I was giving her. Thinking of her swallowing so much of my seed made my orgasm somehow even stronger.

Afterwards…I don’t know if I’ve ever been so tired in my life. It was all I could do to remain conscious as I kissed her deeply, and thanked her for the most wonderful blowjob ever. We curled up in each others’ arms, and in no time were asleep.