 Between the years 2006 and 2008 I traveled the U.S. and Canada as a consultant. I was in 48 cities in 24 months, and would probably still be doing so today if the 2008 economy had not failed. This story short is about an encounter with a Texacan lady one night in the Houston area. This story is true and only the names have been changed. At the time I was still in reasonably good shape for my age, and horny as hell. I'm very tall, broad shouldered, blonde hair, blue eyes, and well endowed.

It was June and the weather in south Texas was hot and humid. Every afternoon at about 3:00 PM, the clouds would gather from the gulf coast and travel inland. By the time they made it to south of Houston where I was at, it would start to rain. Sometimes the rain would pour down very hard. As my maternal grandfather used to say, "It's raining so hard you can stand flat-footed and drink it."

South toward the gulf coast there is a series of small towns that border the various crude oil refineries in the region. One such town is La Porte, Texas. I was staying at the Hampton Inn there. All through my travels I liked the Hampton Inn because of their "Cloud Nine" pillow top beds and the daily free breakfast. Adjacent to La Port, is Pasadena, Texas. It's where Mickey Gilley's Honky-Tonk was. It's that place featured in the move Urban Cowboy with John Travolta and Debra Winger where they taught the world the two-step and mechanical bull riding. The sign is still out front but the joint has been closed for decades now.

One boring Saturday afternoon, I decided to go eat lunch at a nearby Mexican restaurant in Pasadena. It was about 2:00 O'clock in the afternoon when I sat down at the bar for a beer and food. The cute 20-something blonde bartender welcomed me. Her petite frame was overshadowed by her huge rack. Her big tits were no doubt artificial, and the cleavage in the white scoop front wife beater was enough to make a preacher kick out stained glass windows. She was way out of my league. Besides, what would a cute little girl with a rack like that want with an old fart like me? I didn't have a fat enough wallet for her. Although my dick said: Go for it!" discretion was the better part of valor. I made no attempt at flirting with the bartender.

My food arrived and since I was the only patron sitting at the bar, she engaged me in small talk.

"Are you from around here?" She asked.

"Nope, I'm from California."

"Are you here on business?"

"Yeah, sort of, I'm a consultant and only here for only two-weeks or so and then on to the next job."

"What kind of work do you do?"

"I help construction companies with difficult jobs. They're building a new warehouse south of here."

As I was eating another customer came and sat at the other end of the bar. Alone for a few minutes I tried to watch the afternoon CNN news but did not pay particular attention it. I was almost finished eating my lunch when the bartender came back and asked me if I wanted another beer. I declined. I am the world's worst lightweight drinker. Anything more than one beer and I get silly drunk.

Motioning for the bartender to come closer so the other patron could not hear me speak, I asked her: "Do you know of a place where I can go to meet some female company around my age?"

"How old are you?" She asked.

"I'm 51."

"Wow, you don't look it at all. I would have guessed mid-thirties to early-forties at the most."

"Thanks. Good genes I guess."

"What are you looking to do?"

"Whatever happens I suppose. I've been on the road for a while and would like more than a few minutes with woman instead of visiting with a server or bartender."

"Do you like to dance?" She asked.

"Not very good at it but I am willing to learn with the right teacher."

"Give me a minute."

With that comment the bartender left. I saw her get her purse and pull out her cell phone. She made a call and talked for a few minutes. She came back to where I was sitting.

"I just solved your problem for you." The bartender said.

"How so?" I asked.

"My mom is your age and said she would come here to meet you, if you like. Can you stay for about an hour or so?"

I think in relation to songs, movie quotes, and books I have read. When I heard the word mom, instantly the lyric from Hotel California came to mind: "This could be heaven or this could be hell..."

"Sure, why not?" I quipped.

The time seemed to pass quickly as the bartender chatted with me about her mother. I learned that she is divorced, tall, blonde, average build, and very outgoing.

"Aren't all Texas women like that?" I asked.

The bartender smiled and said: "Of course we are honey."

I have been in Texas a few times and what I discovered is that the women in Texas are head-strong, have a no-shit attitude, and are sometimes a bit rough around the edges. Anticipation of whom I was going to meet rattled through my brain. I was trying to imagine her mother would be like. Would she be like Tammy Fae Baker, the TV preacher's wife with big hair and outlandish makeup, or would she be more demure and reasonable?

Mindlessly watching the television, I did not notice the two women who sat down next to me at the bar. There was one on each side of me. The bartender introduced the one on my right as her mother Doris. The other, was her mother's sister Diane. Without asking, the bartender automatically started making a pitcher of margaritas and set down two bottles of Lone Star beer and two shots of 1800 Tequila. One beer and shot for each of the women on my sides. The sisters grabbed the shots of tequila, reached across in front of me and touched glasses. They then downed the shots with one gulp, followed by drinking their beer. Much to my surprise, the bartender then sat down two salted margarita glasses and poured each sister from the pitcher of booze.

I knew that Texas women could drink, but wow...

Over the course of the next hour the women finished off the pitcher and beers. After all the small talk was over, I asked them if they wanted to have dinner with me later.

"I'm only here for moral support." Diane said. "Sis here is your date for tonight. See you later sis."

"How about you Doris, would you like to have dinner with me?"

"Naw, I'd rather go honky-tonkin'. There's a great little place about five-miles up the road here."

"Fantastic! What time shall I meet you there?"

"Meet me here at 9:00 O'clock." You can follow me there from here."

I pointed to my rental Jeep Wrangler in the parking lot and agreed to meet her at 9:00. Let me describe her to you. Doris is about 5 feet 9 inches tall. She has silver hair, big tits like her daughter but not as huge, and she is average in build. Not so you would say she's fat, but more like curvy would be the best descriptor. I could tell she was originally blonde because the wrinkles in her turkey neck were commensurate with how blonde women typically age. However, Doris has more wrinkles than normal. I suspect the hard drinking and cigarette smoking were the cause of her premature aging. Nonetheless, Doris was attractive.

I arrived at the parking lot of the Mexican restaurant and parked my Jeep by itself and waited. In a few minutes, Doris and another woman, not her sister was waving for me to follow. We drove the few miles north toward Huston. The honky-tonk was in a strip mall and occupied what appeared to be about four suites in the mall. Loud music was playing inside and we could hear it 50-yards away. The parking lot was full of cars.

As we walked toward the entrance, Doris introduced her friend Laura. The three of us entered the party and as soon as we walked through the door, Laura found a table for us to sit at. I later learned that her boyfriend was the drummer for the live band. All through the night Doris and I danced the two-step and a few slow dances where I was gentlemanly but still held her close. I am 6 feet 5 inches tall and Doris' head fit nicely on my shoulder as we danced. During our first slow dance together I moved my hand on her back as we danced and noticed she was braless. Her tits were pressed against my chest and I could feel her nipples harden under the silky material of her scoop front top. Her tits did not droop at all confirming my suspicion that they were artificial.

What really amazed me about Doris and Laura was their ability to hold their liquor. As she did in the restaurant, Doris, and Laura, both had numerous Lone Star beers and shots of tequila. My guess is that their combined bar tab was probably over $100. Over the course of five and a half hours, my two Lone Star beers were $12.00 plus tax. I can only imagine how much their shots of 1800 tequila cost. Both women had at least six shots each and even more beers. When Doris and I decided to leave at closing time, I expected her slur her words and wobble. Not in the least. She talked clearly and was steady on her feet when we danced. I asked if she wanted to get something to eat. She had rode in Laura's car and told me she needed a ride home first.

We left in my Jeep and drove a few miles to a, you guessed it, a trailer park and stopped at Doris' single-wide. I am not making this up. She went inside and invited me to join her. I stood while Doris went to the bathroom, and freshened-up her make-up. She was in her bedroom for a while and came out in a different outfit with a purse this time. At the honky-tonk she wore skin tight jeans and a silky baby blue top with cowgirl boots and did not have a purse. She had only her driver's license and credit card. When Doris came out of her bedroom she was wearing a little black dress with fuck-me pumps, bright red lipstick, rosy cheeks, and carrying a clutch purse.

She applied a bit of perfume, Halston I think, and grabbed me by the arm and said: "Let's go eat, I'm famished."

We drove to an all-night restaurant and ordered breakfast. When the meal was over and we were ready to leave I asked if she wanted to come to my hotel room for a night cap. She said sure. The drive to the hotel was only a few minutes. When we walked into the lobby, the night clerk I had come to know smiled at me as we headed for the elevator doors. He and I had talked about me trying to get laid.

We entered my room and walked inside. Doris put her clutch on the round table in the corner and turned to face me. I walked up to her and again held her close. Our mouths met in a passionate kiss.

Doris said: "I've been wanting to feel that cock of yours all night cowboy."

She reached for my cock and felt its 8-inch length straining against my dress slacks. Her hand was warm as she felt the girth wrapping her fingers around it. At the same time, I placed my hands on her tits. Much to my disappointment they were rock hard. Evidently, scar tissue had built up around the implants. Nonetheless, I still played with her tits and said nothing. I could feel her nipples through the fabric of the LBD and pinched them between my index finger and thumb. Doris was looking into my eyes with a lustful stare. As she stroked my cock, her shoulder and head moved up and down with the movement of her arm and hand. I grabbed the spaghetti straps and lowered them on to her upper arms. She let go of my cock long enough to pull her arms through the straps and in a split second, her LBD was on the floor at her feet.

I bent over to suckle her left tit in my mouth. She let out a moan as my tongue flicked her nipple and I applied vacuum to her areola. My teeth gently nipped at her nipple while licking with my tongue, and Doris grabbed my head pulling it closer, smashing my nose into her firm tit flesh.

Doris pulled me up and kissed me again. Our tongues intermeshed and saliva exchanged between us. She then knelt down in front of me and undid my belt and trousers, letting my pants fall to my feet. She pulled my boxer briefs down releasing my blood filled fuck stick. She gasped at the sight of its freedom. Holding my dick at the base with one hand, she gripped tightly and swallowed my dick whole. Evidently she had done this before because her lips were pressing against my pubes in less than a second.

Doris made love to my cock. She sucked and stroked it. Her tongue lashed along the underside of the shaft as she plunged it into her throat and back out again. Her other hand was busy frigging her pussy. I could smell the juices in her pussy as she pounded fingers inside her. The noise of her wetness made squishing sounds as her fingers passed over her clit rapidly. It did not take long for Doris to orgasm. As she did, she held my cock all the way down her throat as the pleasure enveloped her. I could see her face redden and body tremble as she came.

When she pulled off of me she inhaled deeply. Saliva was dripping from her mouth as the climax subsided. Stepping out of my underwear and trousers, I moved Doris to the bed where she lay down on her back. Her knees bent and spread wide. I then saw her completely shaven pussy. All but small patch of pubic hair shaped like an arrowhead above her pussy was waxed away. Like the Sirens in the Odyssey, her cunt was calling me. The glistening moisture and aroma drew me toward it. Lying on my stomach I buried my face into her groin. My hands went to both sides of her labia and gently spread them apart. Using my tongue, I licked her snatch from taint to clit. With each stroke of my tongue, her hips rose toward my face.

After a few minutes of licking, I inserted a finger into her cunt. Feeling for the rough patch of skin on the roof of her love canal, I found her G-spot. With my left hand, I pushed down on her abdomen just above her pubic bone, placing pressure from the outside on the nerve bundle going to her clit. Simultaneously, I sucked and licked her clit while finger fucking her and pushing down with my free hand.

I could sense Doris was about to cum. Her breathing became shallow and rapid. She was gritting her teeth and moaning while raising her hips to my face. Her legs became stiff and started to shake as she screamed out.

"OH GAWD I'M CUMMMING!"

Doris grabbed my hair pulling me close as she squirted into my mouth. I tried to catch as much as I could but much of her juice fell on the bedspread. Her hips were trying to fuck my face as she came. Finally, she lowered her hips back to the bed and relaxed every muscle limp. Her head was turned to the side and her eyes were closed.

I moved up from her crotch and knee-walked toward her and lifted her legs up and apart. She did not move, still lying there exhausted from her cum. When my cock slid past her pussy lips and plunged deep inside her cunt, Doris gasped sharply as the pleasure of my dick filled her tight pussy. Holding on to her thighs as I fucked her, Doris opened her eyes and looked at me. She had a look of "I can't believe I'm feeling this." Her face was contorted with the pleasure as my cock bottomed out in her pussy. I could feel the tip of my dick bending a bit as it hit the wall deep inside her. With each stroke, she let out an uncontrollable "oh." The strength of my thrusts caused her tits to bounce wildly and Doris had to grab onto them to control their motion.

After a while of fucking, I pulled out, moved back a bit and rolled her over onto her front. Spreading her legs apart with my knees, I reached for her hips and pulled them up to a kneeling position. Doris was almost unresponsive as I rammed into her pussy from behind. She was grabbing the bedspread with her face on the bed saying: "Fuck me," over and over again.

Sweat began to drip from my body as I held her hips tightly and slammed each thrust deeply. I could feel my climax building and started to moan as the feeling welled-up from deep within my balls. Uncontrollably, I let out grunts of passion as my cock painted the insides of her cunt with my splooge.

"Oh gawd, I can feel you squirting in me. Its filling me up with your cum." Doris said.

Soon, my muscles were weak and I too was panting like a dog on a hot summer afternoon. I pulled out of Doris and laydown on my back beside her. She moved around to my cock and started to suck the cum and pussy juice from my shaft. Slowly, my dick emptied of blood and became flaccid. Doris lay down beside me with her head on my chest and her wet pussy dripping with my cum on my thigh. Her leg was over mine and her knee was near my groin.

"Damn! That was some fine fucking cowboy."

"It's all part of my total pleasure package." I said.

After a few minutes of post-coital recovery, we got into the shower together and cleaned up. Both of us were exhausted by the night before. The sun was peeking over the horizon to the east when I drove away from Doris' trailer park. Reaching down between my legs, I grabbed my cock and gently stroked it on the way back to my hotel, thinking about what a good fuck I just had.

It was a one-time thing for Doris and me because the next day, Sunday, I learned I was needed in Kansas for an emergency and had to fly out that afternoon. Another engineer finished my job in La Porte while I was in Kansas. I never went back to the Houston area, but often think about the pleasure I gave to my Texas Sweet Tea Doris.