 This is a true story. While she and I haven't seen each other since the events described, she has read (and enjoyed) my account of the night, and loved the idea of other people reading about us.

It was just another slow night at the restaurant where I wait tables, when a cute young girl walked in the door. She was a few inches shorter than me, with long blond hair, fair skin, and adorable, almost feline, eyes. I sat her at a table, and tried to be witty while I was at it, but since I've never had any luck picking up girls while I was at work, I didn't think twice about actually hitting on her. But when her waitress left her sitting for a few minutes, I came over and talked to her some more...just to be a good employee, of course.

I found out she was in town (I live in a large city) for a training seminar sponsored by her employer. Since she was from a small town in another state, and since she had her evenings free, I offered her some suggestions for fun things to do after her work meetings. I even (boldly, for me) said that I'd like to buy her a drink, except that I'd be working late shifts every evening while she was here. She didn't miss a beat, but said that she wouldn't mind staying up late for me. We made a date for two nights later, and I said goodbye.

Two days later, and I was pretty worked up, imagining what kind of things might happen on our date. Then, in an incredible stroke of luck, my manager at work called and said that she was overstaffed, and didn't need me that evening if I didn't want to come in. I wasted no time calling my companion for that evening, and asking if I could buy her dinner as well. She seemed as happy as me about the sudden turn of luck, and revealed that she had made reservations for one or two people at a fancy restaurant downtown.

With some time to kill before dinner, I picked her up from her hotel, and remembering that she had expressed an interest in antiques, took her to an area of town renowned for its antique stores. Wandering around and looking at oddities and pieces of history, we soon found that we had a lot in common, and in no time were chatting amicably. The next thing I knew, her hand was in mine, and we were standing closer. A bought her something pretty to remember me by (I wonder now what she thinks when she looks at it), and we went back to my apartment to change before our dinner date.

Back at my place, it seemed very natural to invite her to sit on my lap to look at some of the amateur photography I'd taken with my digital camera and stored on my computer. As I intended, that closeness soon led to kissing. Gentle at first, and the more passionate. I loved her slender red lips, and even more loved teasing her by gently pulling away, and making her lean in to kiss me. After a few minutes of that, I picked her up and carried her to my bed.

Laying her down, I began to cover her in kisses. I licked and kissed her face, neck and arms, paying close attention to sensitive areas. Soon she was holding me tightly and kissing me passionately again. With her straddling my hips, I looked directly into her eyes and slowly unbuttoned her shirt, and then undid the clasp on the front of her bra. Her breasts, large but firm, fell free in front of me, her broad pink nipples already hard as she thought of what my tongue and lips had done to other parts of her body.

Several minutes passed by, both of us in bliss as I gently licked, sucked and nibbled on her breasts and nipples. Then suddenly we both realized that we were going to be late for our dinner reservations. Regretfully, we stood up, the haze of passion slowly ebbing away. I watched her change into the dress she would wear to dinner, stopping her once to place a firm kiss on the front of her (remarkably warm and steamy) panties. She gasped, no doubt imagining what my talented mouth would be doing to her once we got back. She then playfully complained that it was unfair that I had seen her panties, but she hadn't seen my shorts. Smiling shyly, I dropped my jeans. She gasped when she saw my erection, pressing firmly at the front of my underpants.

With the both of us turned back on again, we somehow made it out of the apartment, dressed nicely, looking like a happy couple on a night out. At dinner (a remarkable dinner, by the way, in a beautiful old restaurant) we talked about our sexual histories, and found ourselves both believing that the other was free of any unpleasant diseases. Further, she was on the pill. I joked that maybe she shouldn't be so trusting of me. Maybe when we got back to my place, I would hold her down and do terrible things to her. She looked me dead in the eye for several seconds, and then responded, "You don't hear me objecting."

Once back in my apartment, we were making out and rubbing each other while desperately peeling off layers of clothing. Soon we were down to just my underpants and just her panties. My cock was so hard (and had been for several hours now) that it was trying to get past the elastic band on my shorts. But I wanted to take care of her first. With us sitting and facing each other, I looped my fingers under the sides of her panties, and gently pulled them down her shapely legs. Instead of shyly pulling her legs together afterwards, as so many girls will, she boldly opened herself up, spreading her legs for me, and turning me on all the more.

I slowly leaned down, heading straight for her pussy, but teased her again, only breathing lightly on it, before I headed lower. Starting near her ankles, I kissed my way up the inside of her legs, moving from one side to the other, swirling my tongue and sucking on her soft skin, letting her imagine what I would do when I got to the top. But I wasn't done when I got there either. I slowly placed small, delicate kisses around the outer lips of her pussy, before slowly using my tongue to part them. Then I ran my tongue around her inner lips as well, before finally penetrating her deeply with my tongue.

She was bitter at first, but soon I was rewarded with her unique and wonderful taste. I could have eaten her out for hours without growing tired. By now she was breathing in quick shallow breaths, but when I moved up to her clit, circling it with my tongue before sucking on it wholeheartedly, I was rewarded with deep moans. Eventually she was crying out, "Oh, oh, oh my God!" clenching my hands strongly or running her hands through my hair, and trying to crush my head with her thighs. After I felt several spasms run through her, and she fell back, I eased off, licking her softly with broad swipes of my tongue.

Then I raised myself above her. I had thought to wipe her juices off my face, but before I could find a handy piece of cloth, she was kissing me deeply, and turning me on still more. As she was telling me how incredible I was, my cock was nuzzling up against her soaking pussy. I thought to enter her right away, but she surprised me by pushing me onto my back, and lowering her head over my cock.

Soon I was in heaven, her tongue swirling around my dick as she moved her head up and down, and in crazy circular movements that were driving me crazy. All the while her lovely, wavy blond hair was falling in cascades on my stomach. Part of me was so desperate to come that I wanted to lose it right there, but my urge to be insider her was stronger, and soon I pulled her off my dick (sad, since she seemed to actually be enjoying herself), and leaned her back onto her back.

She pulled me to her with her arms and legs, and I resisted the urge to fall into her all at once. Instead, I slowly slid in, giving her an inch at a time, and then slowly pulling back out, driving both of us crazy. I'm no porn star, but I have a good seven inches, and am fairly thick to boot, and I could tell she loved it. I don't know what turned me on more, the feeling of her cute little blond pussy hairs dragging along the sides of my cock, or the look on her face as I took her. When I was finally all the way in, we both gasped at the incredible feeling of closeness, and shared another deep kiss.

I made love to her for a long time, in many positions, pulling her legs closer together or farther apart, entering her from different angles, a hundred different sensations. Finally, as I approached my orgasm, I pulled out of her and kneeled between her legs. She looked at me questioningly, but I took her hand, helped her up, and then turned her around to put her down on all fours. Understanding what I intended, she lowered herself on her elbows, and thrust her sexy ass into the air. I easily slid back into her tight little pussy from behind. After that I lost control, thrusting into her wildly, feeling her ass pressed back against my hips, her knees doubled up near her stomach. She was helpless to do anything but take my cock, and I loved it. Soon my cock swelled up, and as it spasmed I filled her full of my hot come.

Exhausted, I slid out of her, and fell to my bed. She slipped into my arms, feeling very natural there, and we kissed and hugged while my come dripped out of her pussy.