 For three years I worked with him.

Since the day I started, I wanted him. Abbas was perfect. Dark hair, green eyes and the most amazing set of muscles I had ever set eyes on.

For the most part I kept this a secret, telling no one, not even my closest friends simply because I knew that they would visit me at work and tease me relentlessly about Abbas.

Abbas is my manager, and an amazing flirt. He could convince a woman to buy a drink they had no interest in having and all he had to do was wink at any woman and they were putty in his hands. But for three years, I was generally ignored by him.

I'm not his type of woman. I am skinny, with a size 8 waist, small high breasts, and long chicken legs. I was the type of woman that was left alone in the corner of the club while my other friends got down and dirty with all the hot men. I would be left to hold onto their hand-bags, coats and drinks. By the end of the night, I would go home alone while the rest of the group went elsewhere. Plus I am three years older than him. At twenty-eight I don't exactly feel like a spring chicken.

This wasn't to say that he didn't like me, on the contrary. It was Abbas that suggested I should go for an assistant manager's position. It was Abbas that helped me understand how the safe worked, how to order the beers, how to void drinks and food on the till. We would both have a laugh at work.

He would tease me about my height and my weight, and I would tease him about his big butt and even bigger muscles. Our friendship concentrated on the latest computer games, music, workplace gossip and childhood memories.

We could spend hours at his place battling each other on games such as Burnout, Gears of War and Rainbow 6. We could spend even more hours getting ridiculously drunk, and confessing things about our past that should really be kept in the past.

Abbas has always been my friend. When I was having boyfriend trouble, he sat me down with a giant bottle of Bacardi and just listened, when I split up with him, he drove over and packed all my things into his car and drove me down to his place in Maidstone.

When he split up with his girlfriend, I bought him the biggest pack of cigarettes I could find and even bought him Halo so he could take his mind off of her.

It's one of those friendships where I wanted to be around him, and make him laugh and watch his lovely green eyes glitter with the lights.

For a while, we were flat mates while I sorted out my business and found a place of my own away from the overbearing boyfriend.

We would start work at the same time, since we're both night-owls. So I got to see more of him and he saw more of me.

One particular morning, as I was showering, I forgot to lock the bathroom door. As I was drying myself with one of his towels. Abbas staggered in, still drunk from last night, plonked himself onto the toilet seat and then noticed me.

'Oh,' he averted his eyes as I wrapped myself in his towel and slithered out the door. 'I'm sorry, I didn't think to knock.'

'It's okay,' I mumbled, feeling more inadequate than usual. 'I should've locked the door anyway.' I made one of my fastest quick getaways to date and locked my bedroom door.

The bedroom Abbas gave me was small, but it held all my possessions well enough. I flopped down onto the bed, cradling my head in my hands.

Now he's seen my scrawny, skinny body in all it's chicken legged detail. Great!

For three days, we never mentioned that incident. But Abbas started looking at me differently.

I didn't notice at first, until one of the guys from the kitchen asked what was going on between me and Abbas.

'Nothing.' I affirmed. Whilst making coffee for me and Abbas.

One Friday night, it was so busy that Abbas took me off floor and put me behind the bar. I got on with it, as I usually do, and the jokes and the teasing started up again.

Abbas and I have this way for dealing with a busy bar, we both serve two customers at once, generally bumping into each other along the way. But somehow our drinks stay intact. At some point during the night, I spotted the biggest pair of tits I'd ever seen in my life. I surreptitiously pointed them out to Abbas, and rather than stare at them for the full five minutes that he serves the customer for, he merely lent close and said. 'Too saggy. Yours are better.'

What?!

I smiled, carried on serving and hoped he was teasing.

For a few hours, we both carried on serving in silence, just doing our thing until he became manager again and took one of the tills to cash up.

The bar began to empty, and I became supervisor again. I told a few bar staff to go on floor, told another few to take the empty barrels from the cellar and stayed on bar to serve the last few drunk people.

By the time the last bell went, I stopped off in the office to let Abbas know everything was going well, and we should be out by twelve thirty the latest.

He nodded, pulling out a cigarette and offered one to me.

'You life-saver!' I exclaimed, suddenly realising I haven't had one for nearly four hours.

'Hey Briana.' I turned, with my hand down my pocket looking for my lighter. 'Drinks tonight? I know you want a Brandy and coke.'

I grinned. 'And I know you want a Rum and coke.'

Abbas grinned with me, his gaze drifting to my arse. I pretended I didn't notice, and made another of my quick getaways.

Abbas and I have a few locals we both haunt regularly. The first is a really expensive bar in Canary Wharf, the other is a Whetherspoon's at West India Quay. When we both agree to meet up, there's a pub in Bromley that we both frequent, and when Abbas insists on drinking on the weekends, we both normally end up in Covent Garden in the Walkabout. Either way, we both get completely hammered and end up on the last train back to Maidstone.

We both agree on the expensive bar in Canary Wharf, and we both walk slowly through the garage.

'Dude, you're acting really strange lately. Is everything okay?' I asked him, as we ducked under the barriers and cross the road to the DLR.

Abbas merely nodded. 'I've just been thinking, that's all.'

'Man stuff? Of Abbas stuff?'

Abbas smiled in that way he does when he wants the woman, and glanced at me with his lovely green eyes. For the first time in a long time I held my gaze with his as we crossed the concourse and opened the doors to the other side. Descending the steps, we crossed the road again and waved to one of the girls who work in the bar next to us.

His stare looked hungry, and his smile was wolfish. It made me so excited that I could have found a dark corner and taken him there and then. I was getting wet, and the only way to stop it was to break off from his stare. I didn't.

As we came into the bar, I noticed how flushed his face was. So I ordered him to find a seat and I would buy the first drinks. As usual, my baby-face thwarts me, and I'm I.D'd which Abbas usually finds hilarious. When I told him, there was only the faintest smile.

'You have the deepest, darkest eyes I've never noticed.' Abbas blurted out as I slide in opposite him and slide his drink across the table.

That got my pulse racing.

'You have nice eyes as well Abs.' I used his nickname, hoping he wouldn't notice that the compliment he paid me, made me feel giddy.

'I'm serious Briana. They're gorgeous.'

I smiled shyly, taking a massive sip of my drink and took a deep breath.

'And I never noticed that your butt was so...perfect.'

If I could blush I think I would have done so by now. He was coming onto me, using his usual tricks that other women fell for. And I had never felt more wanted.

I stirred my drink with my straw and kicked off my trainers. Rummaged around in my bag for my cigarettes and lit it up, leaving the packet on the table for Abbas to borrow.

He was still staring at me as I blew out a long stream of smoke, and backed half my drink.

'Remember that morning when I staggered in on you naked?'

I nodded, remembering all too well how embarrassed I'd been.

'I can't stop thinking about it. Your stomach, your sexy little tits, your legs. I want you Bre. I had the biggest hard-on I've ever had, and when I tried to wank myself off, it wouldn't go down. I came and he was still standing to attention. He wants you, I want you.'

I looked up into his eyes, and for once I noticed just how hungry Abbas was. His hands were in his pockets, but not because it was cold, but because he was dealing with a hard-on even as he spoke. He was drinking his drink but he concentrated more on the drink than on me, he kicked off his shoes and under the table I could feel his big toe, pocking at the material of my jeans. Rubbing at my clitoris.

I closed my eyes, letting my knickers soak me up.

'I always thought that you didn't want me in that way Abs. I thought I was just your friend...'

'I am your friend Bre.' Abbas interrupted, his foot tracing the contours of my legs, 'but I want us to go further. I want to see you naked every day, I want to see that shaved pussy of yours, I want to go to work with the taste in my mouth, and smell in my hair.'

I couldn't take it any more, I stood. Stubbed out my cigarette and worked my way round the table and for the first time in all the years I'd known Abbas, I sat next to him. My body screamed. It wanted release, it wanted closure. And damn it I was going to get it!

My drink forgotten, I traced my finger along his thick legs and under his jacket I felt the contours of his two-pack, and prised his fingers away from the bulge in his jeans. It felt good, better than good. My pussy wanted it, my entire body wanted it. I was so wet, I didn't notice Abbas had leaned forward and was undoing my belt with such fluid efficiency I would have thought that he knew what I was wearing.

'Are you wet?' he whispered, shoving a cold hand down my knickers.

'Soaking.' I answered. He gave a small laugh at that and grabbed my hand, directing it to the ever increasing bulge in his pants.

My hands moved freely, without my direction. They unzipped Abbas as easily as I could defeat him at Burnout. He moved closer, moaning as I felt his shaft. It was warm, and close to breaking point. I could feel how big he had become.

His fingers explored me without any hesitation. His hands moved up inside my t-shirt and played with my small breasts and erect nipples. His mouth found my ear and nibbled at it while he breathed hard against my neck.

I started pumping him, listening to his muffled groans and weak protests.

'Don't do that, I'll cum.' He whispered, even as his hips moved with my hand. He didn't protest any more when in one deft movement I bent down under the table and wrapped my mouth around his cock.

He held on to my breasts while I licked him slowly, sucking up his pre-cum. He grabbed my hair as he wrapped my mouth round his incredibly thick dick. I had never felt anything like it!

Closing my eyes, I plunged my head down and heard him moan again. I couldn't help it. His very voice was turning me on now, my tongue tasted the first squirts of cum and as I raised my head, he raised his hips plugging my mouth and came.

Hot gushes of his cum, hit the back of my throat and I swallowed instinctively. Before I knew it, Abbas gave out a small cry and the rest of his cum came. Squirt after squirt of his salty goodness, and like the cat that got the cream, I lapped it up.

When I came back up and picked up my drink, he stopped me. Staring into my eyes with this predatory gaze and like some school boy, he leaned forward awkwardly and kissed me deep.

His tongue tasted his salt, and he let out another moan as I responded in kind. He pulled me closed, letting me feel his still erect dick through the thick padding of my jacket. His hands, now warm, crept through my jeans and found my clitoris easily.

'I want to hear you moan Briana.' He whispered, as his fingers slipped over my swollen bud, and pumped furiously at my pussy.

I squealed with barely concealed delight.

'Yeah,' he whispered. 'More.'

My hips moved with his fingers, and my thighs shook without control. The table shook with me!

I let out a moan that sent Abbas into a frenzy. He withdrew his hand, did up my belt and tucked his still hard dick in and zipped up. He picked up my cigarettes, and threw them into my bag. Then he picked up my bag, shoved me out of the bench we sat on and held onto my hand so tightly I squealed again.

He barely gave me time to slip my trainers back on, so I picked up his shoes and carried them in my hand.

He started at a pace I could barely keep up with. Him striding along with his well-muscled legs and I half-running half-jogging to keep up with him.

We ran up the steps to the DLR taking them two at a time, and charging across the concourse at such a pace, my breath was hoarse and still tasted of him.

He reached the garage, and showed the security guy his pass. They let him in without saying anything and raised the gates for us to pass.

He still held onto my hand as he fumbled around in his coat pocket for his keys while holding onto my bag.

He pulled me up back to the pub and punched in the security code and we were in the back entrance to the pub.

He dropped my bag, picked me up as if I weighed nothing and pushed me against the wall kissing me so furiously I felt bruised. He unbuttoned my jacket and threw it onto the floor, then he ripped off my t-shirt, tearing it beyond repair and tore off my bra, throwing it on the floor as if they didn't matter.

He pulled off my jeans deftly. And ripped my knickers off.

When I was naked, he admired my shivering body in the near dark and lunged forward, kissing my neck, my breasts and my shaved pussy. I ached by the time he was finished.

'My god! You're still wet.' He murmured slipping his fingers in between my legs.

I couldn't answer him, his fingers were playing me so truly all I could do was moan.

'And when you moan...'

Two fingers explored my crevice and I cried out. I couldn't do or say anything, he worked me too well. I felt weak, and strong. And when I tried to reach up to undo his jacket he batted me away easily.

He picked me up again, this time moving my legs to rest on his shoulders and my head almost touched the ceiling. His tongue teased me relentlessly and when he kissed my clitoris I let out another moan that would send him delirious.

He looked up at me as I shivered and shook equally and traced a finger along my thin thighs. 'Stop moaning like that.'

I frowned. 'Why?'

He hadn't stopped eating me out, and my thighs clamped down on his neck.

He tickled my clitoris between his teeth and grabbed my arse. A wave went through me and my back arched.

'Every time you moan like that, I want to fuck you more. I want to fuck you hard, and I want to fuck you now.'

I cried out as he traced a circle round my swollen bud and my nails dug deep into his shoulders. 'Then do it. Fuck me. Just do it.'

Abbas obeyed without question. His jacket and shirt came off, revealing a beautiful well-toned body. The growth in his jeans was unmistakeable and he grinned shyly as he pulled off his jeans revealing where he had gone commando for the day.

His dick was wider than I thought. It was a thick, pulsing thing with a head that I didn't realise was massive. 

I never thought a naked man would look so beautiful, even in the dim light.

Abbas was the first to act. With on mighty stride he stood above me, his green eyes lapping up my skinny body, and before I knew it, he picked me up and pressed me against the cold wall. I squealed with delight again as I felt his dick throb so close to my pussy. I was dripping!

The head penetrated and I let out a cry as he pulled out my ponytail and let my hair tumble down.

I wrapped my legs around his body and he held onto my skinny frame with such ferocity I could feel his fingers digging deep into my flesh.

He kissed me one final time as he thrust his way into me and we both let out a moan as our lips met.

Abbas was still for a while, feeling me wrapped around his massive cock.

'You're so tight, it feels so good. Damn it feels good.'

Slowly, very slowly I raised myself off of him, and came back down. He pressed me back against the wall. Lowered me only a little so that our eyes met, then thrust violently into me. He withdrew and thrust again.

I gasped, and writhed as Abbas played with my small tits and pounded my tiny pussy. His eyes never left mine as I gasped and squealed and moaned as his fat juicy dick tasted me, and I determined to meet his.

Abbas felt my tightening buttocks, and cried out so loudly I swear the security guards heard us. My pussy gripped his as I came, my back arched, and shivered all over, but not from the cold. I let out a cry as a wave so intense hit me and for a while I was blind to all else. All I had was Abbas's thick cock ramming me, and an orgasm that lasted for so long I thought I had died.

When I came back, Abbas was looking at me with such intensity I thought I had done something wrong. He smiled as he kept on ramming me and simply said.

'That was beautiful. That was hot.'

I smiled, and tightened myself over him as he slid in and out so easily.

His thrusts became more frantic, and faster as he met my gaze again, he held onto my skinny frame that left marks that lasted for days after.

'I'm cumming,' Abbas cried out suddenly. 'Briana...I'm...Oh God...Briana!'

I felt his hot delicious cum fill me up, and his face buried into my skinny chest as he couldn't stop himself, he clamped down onto one of my tits and his teeth hurt as he unloaded into me.

We collapsed into one sweaty heap on the cold floor, and lay there for several minutes as we both caught our breaths.

'That was amazing,' Abbas said after he caught his breath. 'That was simply out of this world sex. The best sex I've ever had.'

'Liar,' I accused teasing.

Abbas pounced on me. Teasing my mouth with his tongue and stroking my warm sweaty body with his warm, sweaty hands. When he let go of me I let out a groan of satisfaction and watched his face in the dim lights.

He was smiling in that way that used to suggest he was going to come out with smart teasing comment. Now it only suggested that he wanted more.

'Am I?' he demanded, teasing my nipples.

I giggled as he stroked my pussy and ran a finger down the inside of my thigh.

'No.' I answered finally, when he reached my feet where amazingly my socks had stayed on.

His eyes appraised my naked body in the dim light and he ran a tender finger over my small breasts. 'If you don't believe me I can always make you moan again.'

I sat up, grinning. 'How about I go and shower first?'

Abbas's eyes lit up. 'Can I join you this time?'

The drive up to Maidstone was a lot more interesting. He had to stop the car regularly and screw me whenever possible. And when we hit the motorway, I gave him a hand job that made him drive ridiculously slow.

When we finally got back to his, he couldn't wait any longer. It was a long slow fuck on the stairs, and another in the shower. In his bed, he flipped me over and screwed me doggy and when I came again, he came with me.

As we lay on the bed exhausted, Abbas turned over and licked my ear.

'How long?' He demanded.

He was kissing my neck, turning me on again.

'Huh?' I answered dazed and bruised.

'How long have you wanted to do that to me. Kiss me, suck me, fuck me.'

I rolled over to face him, realising I had kept this secret well, except from the one person is should have been a secret from. I sighed, meeting his eyes.

'Three years.' I confessed, feeling stupid. He was going to laugh at me.

Abbas merely raised an eyebrow and kissed me for a long time exploring my mouth with his tongue. When he came up for air, he stroked my tousled hair and merely said.
