 It's early on a Sunday morning, and my husband's cock is so far down my throat I can't breathe. He's on his back with his legs apart enough for me to crouch between them on my knees. To say I am worshipping his dick would be fairly accurate. I'm curled up in a ball, making my tiny silhouette even smaller. My head is bobbing up and then down, as far as I can go, trying to touch my nose to his belly. As I glide down with my mouth, my nipples brush against my thighs giving me an extra thrill. I've been working hard to overcome my gag reflex so that I can deep throat my beloved husband. This morning, I seem to be having a great deal of success judging by the amount of saliva that is flowing out of the sides of my mouth, while I am left oxygen deprived. As he thrusts deeper, his massive hands cup my head on either side. His show of prowess makes me so wet that my pussy is literally dripping onto the bed. 

I glance up at him and see that his eyes are closed, and his breathing is getting very ragged and loud. I know, without doubt, that his orgasm will explode shortly. Because I love him so, I crave his release as much as he does. He is a very generous lover and showers me with attention in bed. The best sex we have is when we orgasm together, but moments like this allow me to spoil him in the same way that he often spoils me. In a matter of seconds, his semen is spraying down the back of my throat as he exhales loudly. I take it lovingly and lick my lips afterwards.

My husband is not one to lay around in bed after a morning orgasm, much to my chagrin. It's odd that an evening orgasm puts him right to sleep, while a morning orgasm drives him out of bed and directly into action. As I stretch and roll over in bed, he's already up and on his way to shave. This morning, I attacked his dick just as he was waking up, which leaves me a bit in the lurch. Very sweetly I ask if he might come back to bed; he reminds me that we have company coming for dinner, and that we need to get to the store. I groan because I know he's right, and start to wonder if I'll have to wait until tonight for sexual satisfaction.

On our way to the grocery store, I study his profile and get lost in my thoughts. I think about threes. He pleasures me with his hands, his mouth and his dick. In turn, my body pleases his cock with my mouth, my pussy and my ass. I do love symmetry. His right hand catches my attention and I think back to last night. Positioned on my stomach, he drove several of those fingers into my very needy cunt. It's possible that he found a second, previously undiscovered, G-spot as he applied pressure and pulled up against the posterior wall of my pussy. My hands grabbed for the sheets as he added fingers and then relentlessly massaged a spot that he correctly deduced was pushing me closer to my climax. It drove me mad and brought me a crashing tidal wave of an orgasm. I cried out as my body shook though my bliss. The memory brings a smile to my face and also brings me back to my current "wet and wanting" situation.

As he drives and appears lost in his own thoughts, he slowly reaches down and gently takes my left hand with his right, placing them both on the center console. His right index finger gently caresses my index and middle fingers, up and down their lengths. Finally, his finger ends up between my two fingers at their shared base. He starts rubbing that small area of skin just as he would my clitoris. Knowing this move drives me nuts in a sexual way, he often does it to get me going when we are out in public. Immediately, my thighs clench together, and I stifle a moan. I notice his mouth curls in a knowing way. Once we've arrived at the grocery store, I decide to turn the tables and tease him a bit by lovingly fondling the cucumbers as we pick out two. He raises his eyebrows at me and chuckles, while shaking his head at my childishness. When he suggestively holds up a large eggplant, I just laugh out loud.

I'm very quiet as we drive home, while I contemplate my immediate future. If our nocturnal teenagers are still asleep, we might be able to steal away upstairs for a quickie. If they are awake, I'm sunk. They may be typical egocentric teens, but they would surely wonder about our absence at this hour of the morning. As luck would have it, we hear them the minute we walk in the door. In the back hallway, I look at my husband and shrug. "Don't give up, Little One," he whispers in my ear.

My husband announces rather loudly that we have forgotten a baguette and tells the kids we have to run back to the store. He dashes upstairs for a few moments and comes down; his pants now appear to have items tucked in multiple pockets. He asks me innocently if I can come with him and hope blossoms (in my pussy). I watch him take the baguette we had purchased this morning from his trunk and we get into my SUV. I look questioningly at him, but he gives away nothing. Instead of going towards the store, he heads out away from our city center, into rolling acres of our nearby park lands. 

After finding an empty parking lot, he tells me to crawl in the back, as he empties his pockets. He has brought lube, 2 vibrating eggs, a clitoral vibrator and my absolute favorite, the "b-vibe rimmer." The rimmer is advertised as a unique sex toy, which in itself says something. It is a black butt plug shaped vibrator with beads that rims your anus while also vibrating independently in the rectum. It generally leaves me writhing and screaming in pleasure. He crawls in the back after me and yanks down my pants. Wryly, he notes that I clearly don't need lube for the vibrating eggs. He turns them on and inserts them into my very needy wet pussy, which provides me with a bit of sexual relief. Then, he parts my legs further and tells me to pull my knees to my chest. He proceeds to lube up the rimmer. As it is inserted, I can't help but give a garbled yelp as it pushes past my sphincters. There is no mistaking that sound, for sure. The discomfort is momentary, but SO worth it. On goes the rimmer and I'm getting closer to heaven.

He throws me a curve ball when he moves back into the front seat and tells me to do the same. I'm sure I look uncertain as I move forward, gingerly. Trying to crawl from a back seat, over the console into a front seat with your pussy full of eggs and your ass full of a vibrating rimmer is not so easy, but I do love a challenge. My pants are around my thighs as I sit down very carefully, adding pressure onto the rimmer. He hands me the little clitoral stimulator and tells me not to turn it on until we are back on the road. Panic sets in at that point since there are plenty of people out for a Sunday morning drive, and I'm edging closer to both an anal and a vaginal orgasm. Out onto the road he pulls and then tells me to get started. Even though it's just a two lane road, cars are passing us every few seconds. I'm having a hard enough time trying to control myself without the clitoral stimulation, but I figure it's "go" time. 

Just before I turn it on, my thoughts very briefly turn back to my contemplation of threes from earlier in the day. I will soon have vibrators on my clitoris, in my pussy, and in my ass...it seems so fitting. After turning on the clitoral vibrator, there passes about a good 2 seconds before an ungodly caterwauling comes out of my mouth. The intensity of my orgasms are literally a twelve on a scale of ten. Breath leaves my body and doesn't return for what feels like two full minutes. My body quakes and rocks, while my pussy and ass spasm like they are having their own separate seizures. I have absolutely no control over my body at this point and would hate to see what my face might look like to the passing motorists. My husband has craned his head and neck around to gawk at me like I'm a sexed up freak of nature and hasn't looked at the road for about the last half mile. He appears fascinated, shocked and a bit concerned. I've never had the wind knocked out of me before, and to experience it via simultaneous clitoral, vaginal and anal orgasms while driving down the road is an indescribable treat.

When my tidal wave "triple" orgasm has subsided, my body is left a shaking pile of jello. I beg him to pull over and turn all the toys off because my system is on overload. He finds another quiet parking lot and helps divest me of my gear. At that point, we look at each other and bust out belly laughing at our ridiculous teenage-type antics. It wasn't what I had envisioned for a Sunday morning, but it certainly was more memorable than the quickie for which I had hoped.

*****

Again all true. Comment welcome.