 Hi! My name is Kathy and over the past few weeks I have been learning and experiencing a wide variety of sexual techniques with two very good friends. This story is about the man who, I have to say is so talented in the art of sex that he should do it for a living. A college friend introduced me to him. 

Usually our encounters involve the three of us, my friend Louise, Mr. XX and me, Kathy. Our sessions usually last for hours and they have given me not only the most sensational sexual thrills of my life but also the most intense and tremendous orgasms I have ever experienced. They have also made me much more aware of my partner's needs and shown me how to give as well as receive greater pleasure. So, therefore they have made me a better lover. Here's part of the story about the time I spent with him, learning, experiencing and repaying what it means to be sexually satisfied. 

In another story I will write about the woman in my life that showed me what sexual thrills another woman can do to and for me! Like I said, the meetings usually involved the three of us, but today I didn't tell Louise I was going to visit Mr. XX. I went to his apartment secretly because I didn't want her there. I didn't want anyone there because I wanted him to myself.

I came to Mr. XX's place around 3PM on Saturday afternoon and he invited me in. I wanted him all to myself this afternoon so I could tell him and show him my deepest appreciation for what he has done for me regarding my new outlook on a great sex life. I had been a virgin for nearly 20 years and while I had masturbated a great deal, I had never had a man's penis inside my body. Nor have I ever given or received oral sex. 

Now, I'm a very good friend with Louise and one day when I told her about my virginity, and what I didn't know about men or sex, she invited me to come over to visit with her & Mr. XX. She told me to come see what the two of them do and if I wanted to she was sure Mr. XX would let me join in. 

Louise told me how gentle Mr. XX was, and how talented he was with regards to sex. She also told me about his big cock and how he gave her so much pleasure. She also tried to explain what it felt like when he licked her pussy and made her cum over and over again and again! 

He loved oral sex and was happy to give her as much as she could stand. She told me how good oral sex is and she tried to explain what having your pussy sucked and licked by someone who wanted to do it and knew how to do it, felt like. 

She explained that unlike some guys who do it just so you'll let them fuck you, he was someone who really enjoyed giving it as much as you'll enjoy getting it. She told me nothing could really explain it, I would have experience it to really understand how great it feel. 

She told me about the times she had been with him and how good she felt after a couple of hours of having him give her sex!! A couple of hours!!! She explained how gentle and talented Mr. XX was, and that he had taught her a great deal about sex. Like, how to please yourself as well as your partner. 

So I said: "What the hell do I have to loose?"

I started visiting with them and we have had wonderful sex for a number of weeks now. (I'll be writing stories about Louise & Kathy late on and publishing them on this site.) 

When Mr. XX opened the door, he said: "Kathy! What a nice surprise! Come on in." 

I walked in and sat down and Mr. XX offered me something to drink. I took a soda and we sat by the fireplace. He asked: "So what can I do for you?" 

I told him: "Well Mr. XX we have been meeting for a couple of weeks now and you have certainly taught me so many things about life, my body, your body and sex. I wanted to see you without Louise for once, so I could just tell you how I feel and thank you. First I want to thank you for all the fantastic sex we have had with each other."

I stood up then and told him: "Secondly, I want to show you my appreciation for what you taught me!" 

I began to get undressed saying: "I want to try and repay you for the sex you have given me." 

He stopped me saying: "Kathy! You should never have to undress yourself! If the man is any good at all, he will do that for you and in fact he'll get you worked up as he does it! Here let me show you what I mean." 

I watched his hands and fingers move to the buttons at the top of my blouse. He undid one button at a time very slowly. He never took his eyes off of my eyes as he did it. His slipped the blouse off my shoulders and since I never wear a bra, his hands moved immediately to my quivering breasts. As he gently cupped each one with his hands, he raising them up high and kissed each nipple. He licked his way up to my mouth and kissed me gently using his tongue to lick around my lips and then slid it in my mouth. I opened my lips and took his long tongue gladly sucking on it! We stood there with him holding my shoulders and kissing gently and tonguing each. His hands went back to my breasts and I felt them move over my nipples pulling and squeezing them. 

I had nice firm breasts, about a 32-33B no bigger. But, they stand out straight with no sag at all. As he worked my breasts, I could feel my nipples begin to harden almost immediately from his touch. I could feel the cool air in the room as his hands cupped both breasts and his mouth covered a nipple. As his tongue danced in my mouth, he rolled my nipples around between his index finger and thumb making them harder and much longer. 

I have very red nipples, which get hard almost without touching them, especially when I'm excited. They grow about 1 or 1 1/2 inches long when they get hard and right now they were hard as rocks from his touch. He whispered: "So tell me again, what did you come over to see me about Kathy?" 

I whimpered as he ran his hands over all of my breasts, providing a wonderful feeling of excitement in my body. I kissed his neck and he licked my ear and bit the lob. I put my hand against the big bulge in his cutoffs and squeezed his growing cock. I told him: "I wanted to come over here to be with you and to fuck you and pay you back for these weeks we have been together. They have been the best weeks of my life Mr. XX! Oh Mr. XX your hands feel so good on my body!"

He asked: "And how about Louise? Did you tell her you were coming here today?"

I said: "No! I don't want to be with Louise. I just want it to be you and me making love until we can't any more. How does that sound?" 

He smiled and kissed me and then licking down my neck to my shoulder and down over the top of my breast kissing and licking his way between the cleavage and then back over to my erect nipple. He kissed each nipple taking it into his mouth with his lips and pulling on it gently. Then sucking on it as his tongue licked across it back and forth. He licked the very tip of the nipple as he held it in his mouth between his lips. I held his head to my chest as he moved from one breast to the other and then back again. 

His lips were making me wet between my legs and I began to feel an ache just a little in my pussy. There was a tingling directly in my clit too. I knew that that feeling would only grow as he continued to work on my breasts. I also knew I wouldn't leave until he fucked me over and over again today. 

His cock was so hard now that the cock head was sticking out the leg of his shorts. My fingers danced over it making it jump with excitement. He came back up and told me:" Well Kathy! That's the best offer I have had all day today. Let's go into the bedroom." 

He took my hand and we walked into his bedroom and he pulled me to him. As we kissed I felt his hands undo the snap on my jeans and as he pulled then down on each side of my hips, I wiggled out of them. They dropped down below my knees and I stepped out of them. Almost as soon as they hit the floor, he knelt in front of me and kissed his way down my stomach and over the waistband on my baby blue bikini panties. I could feel his warm breath on my thighs as he parted my legs and kiss around the leg bands of the panties.

My hands held his head down and tried to maneuver it to my pussy. He kissed the cloth covering my heat and his tongue licked around the leg band teasing me. Then I felt his fingers lifted the panty leg to the side. Immediately, I felt his long tongue lick over my slit! I arched into his face and moaned out: "Mummmmmmmmm!! Oh God Mr. XX! I love it when you do that! I love your tongue and touch! Lick me! Eat my pussy and make me cum Mr. XX!" 

He looked up into my eyes and slowly pulled my tinny panties down my thighs until they were under his chin. He continued to slide them down my legs under my knees. As I stepped out of the first leg band and as I did, his hand came up between my legs and put my foot on his shoulder. He rubbed up my inner thigh until his fingers touched my very warm and wet pussy! When he put my foot on his shoulder it opened me up for him and his magic fingers. He let them roam over my open cunt slowly. As they moved under me I felt them probing my ass. God I was dripping from his touch!! 

He slid his other hand between my upper thighs and pushed into my pussy as far as he could get his finger. He used his hands and fingers touching all of me including my ass hole. His thumb was stroking my pussy slit while his middle finger rubbed the center of my ass hole. I stood there with my one foot on his shoulder and the other one on the floor. He moved his thumb in my pussy a little until he had opened my lips. Now he rubbed around the pussy hole at the base of my cunt. His lips and tongue moved in and touched my middle as he started to lick my pink insides. As his thumb rubbed more and more into my hole, I began to moan and my hands held his head as I said: "Oh Mr. XX!! I want you to fuck me so bad! I want to fuck you and please you so bad! Tell me what you want and I'll do it for you, anything Mr. XX! Just tell me and I'll do it! But please tell me you'll fuck me!" 

He smiled up at me again. As he pushed his thumb all the way into my wet pussy hole, moving it all around inside me. He stood up and kissed my neck saying: "What I want Kathy is for you to tell me exactly what you like best about our love making. And then I want you to guide me as I make love to your body that way. I want you to instruct me today baby! You tell me what you like the best. What you like my hands, fingers, mouth, tongue and cock to do that makes you feel the best. That's what I want to do today. You be the teacher." 

I moaned as he moved me to the edge of the bed with his thick thumb still working inside my pussy. My knees hit the side of the mattress and as I fell backwards, we both laid down next to each other. GOD!! His thumb never stopped moving. It was slowly rotating around inside my body, driving me wild with desire! A desire to be fucked so badly. My legs automatically opened wide for him and his entire hand cupped and held my young pussy. His palm faced down and his thick thumb was gently moving around my pussy. I was dripping cunt juice all over his hand! 

He rested his head on my arm and looked me in the eye and asked me again: "So what do I do first for you? What would you like me to do for you to please you? You are the teacher today. OK?"

I smiled and told him: Are you sure? You wouldn't want me to suck you off or sit on your cock and ride it until you cum Mr. XX? I know you like both of those!"

He smiled and said: "Well they both sound great Kathy, but is that what you want me to do for you? Would you rather have me eat and suck your pussy, or slowly work on your body and make it cum hard and long before we fuck? Your choice, just give me directions!" 

I moaned as his thumb's movements were really getting to me now. He was the gentlest man. His touch was always pleasing, never any pain in his movements. That is unless you wanted pain like Louise did sometimes! 

He continued to slowly pump his thumb in and out of my pussy fucking it as slowly and gently as he could do it! I kissed his lips and my hips were now rocking to his movements. I could feel my pussy squeezing his thumb as it entered my pussy all the way every 2 or 3 seconds. He was also rotating it around as it moved in and out! The feeling was sensational. I began to rock faster and faster until I wasn't able to speak any longer. I closed my eyes and moaned as I let his hand please my body. 

My hips were pumping in unison with his hand movements now and I was arching up into it as my body had taken over and was moving me towards my first orgasm of the day. I felt his head against my chest and his lips cover my very red, hard long nipples again! He kissed them and licked them with his devil tongue. His hand never stopped moving and my ass was lifting up off the bed to meet his insertions. His thumb was magic! He knew exactly when to push it in and when to rotate it around inside my hole. 

He kissed his way up and down my neck and over my breasts as his hands and fingers made tender gently loved to my pussy. He sent thrill after thrill over my entire body. It was like magic, like he could feel what I was feeling. He knew exactly when to rub or push or pull his thumb around my throbbing pussy. My pussy was so swollen now and all I could think of was orgasm! I needed to cum bad! And, he knew it from the motion of my body and the wetness of my pussy! 

As he worked on my body with his hands and his mouth, his voice spoke directly to my brain whispering exactly what I was yearning for. He said: "Cum for me Kathy! Cum on my hand baby. Cum for me! Climax baby! It will feel so warm and so good!! Feel it baby? Yes, that's right. Fuck my thumb baby. Fuck it back and forth Kathy. Cum baby. Mum. It will be so good baby. That's it pump your pussy against my hand baby. Faster! Pump it faster for me. Mummm that's it! You look so happy fucking my hand. Cum for me sugar! Orgasm and you'll please me!" 

I lifted my ass up off the bed and rotated my hips as I pumped and pumped and pumped against his hand. I cried out in pure passion from his soft words and his touch. I began to orgasm! Oh god did I orgasm!! My hands grabbed his hand and held it tight against my pussy as I squeezed it tight with my legs. My head was thrown back and my eyes were closed as I humped and humped my pussy up against his thick hard thumb not caring about anything else in the world. All I wanted to do was to orgasm! I wanted to do it for him, for me! God I wanted to do it for both of us. I screamed out loud as I reached and achieved the peek of my orgasm! I yelled: "Oh God!! OH GOD MR. XX! MR. XX!! MR. XX!! OHHHH MR. XX!!!!!"

Oh it's was good! I moaned: "I love you Mr. XX. I love you so much. Ahhhh God that was so good!"

I almost passed out as I entered the dream world of post orgasm! Later, much later, when I finally began to come back to earth, I sighed and with a low and hissing voice moaned out his name as I bit his ear. My ass and hips had come back on the bed! I had relaxed my legs from around his hand but he hadn't taken it out from between my legs. 

He kissed me gently for a very long time as he held his hand against my soaking wet pussy. His thumb was still inside my pussy. As he held me and slowly stroked my body, he said: "WOW! You had a good one that time Kathy!! How was it? Did I please you? Is that why you came over here, so I could get you off baby? Good!! I'm glad you wanted me to be the one to give your beautiful young body pleasure! Was your orgasm good? Was it hard enough? Long enough for you? It sure looked like it! Are you satisfied baby?" 

I opened my eyes and said: "Oh yes! Oh god yes Mr. XX!! It was so good! God! You do please me so much! I love your touch!! You please me so much! But you know I want you cock in me to finish me off completely!" 

I kissed him and he held me tight. When I recovered enough to really talk to him, I asked him: "So you want me to teach you today huh MR. XX?" 

He smiled and told me: "Sure Kathy fair is fair. I have been teaching you for a few weeks and now I like you to show me what you have learned baby! You tell me what you want and I'll do it."

I laughed and said: "Oh MR. XX!! I could never be your teacher! You are just to good." 

He smiled and said: "Well thank you. Well then consider it a test then. You instruct me and see if you can pass what I have taught you. OK?" 

I smiled and told him: "OK! How do we start?" He got completely undressed and then wee got something to drink. He stood there with his big cock swaying and jumping up and down. I looked at him and sat up on the edge of bed. I opened my legs wide and told him: "OK Mr. XX!! First things first. You kneel on the floor and get between my legs. I want you to use your fingers first to locate my clit and rub it until I cum again!" 

He smiled and said: "Yes mama!" He moved between my legs and asked me to bend then at the knees. He pushed my feet back positioning them so my thighs and ass were back on the edge of the bed and my pussy was wide open for him to work on. God he knew what he was doing!!

He took his left hand and opened my cunt lips wide, exposing all of my pink insides. He smiled up at me, and took his finger and touched my clit directly. I jumped like an electric shock hit me! He laughed and told me: "Well you'll have to hold still K!"  

I laughed as I got back into the same position on the bed. He opened my pussy lips again and took the skin around the top of my pussy and pulled it up and then out on both sides making my clit stand up completely out and open. He took his tongue and licked over the hard round bud. He rubbed all around it and then quickly glided his finger over it making me lift my ass up off the bed! Each time he touched it directly, I elevated my ass to meet his touch. I moaned as he pushed against it and held his finger directly on it. He began rotating his finger around it very gently in tight little circles. "Mummmmm Mr. XX you do know how to locate my clit!!"

He let his finger relax a little as I told him: "Now here's what I want you to do next. You know how I like you to touch me there. Right? Well I want you to touch it just right, so that I'll receive the maximum excitement you can generate for my body. I want you to make me climax! I want you to make me orgasm with just your touch just like you did a few minutes ago. Can you do me again?" 

He smiled at me and moved his fingers around the inside of my pussy as he said: "Well you have to tell me when I hit it just right baby! OK? You say when!" 

And Mr. XX began to touch my clit with different motions and pressures. But when he touched me about the third time in, it was heaven. I arched my back and lifted my ass high up off the bed screaming out: "Right there! Like that Oh yes just like that!! Oh Mr. XX!! Oh yes!! That's it!! Faster!!! Mummm!! Faster! Rub it faster!" 

I moaned to him as he had my clit between his fingers and thumb and rubbing it with three fingers on the other hand. He asked: "Like this baby? You like this?"

I groaned out: "Oh my God! Yea!! OH YES!! Mr. XX!! Mummmm yes!!!! Oh god yes!!! Just like that!!! Oh GOD!! I'm cumming Mr. XX!!! So good!!! Ahhhh So gggggggoooooddddddddd!!!!! OHHHHHHH MR. XX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

My hips began rising up off the bed to meet his rotation on my clit. My hips pumped and pumped into his hand thrusting my cunt at his face and fingers as he vibrated my swollen clit with his fingers tips as fast as he could make them move over it.

Pumping and pumping and pumping, my body was the only reaction I had to the excitement he was providing. And then just as I began climaxed, he moved his mouth over the clit and my god he began licking it with his tongue and sucking it with his lips! I screamed and I began to cum all over his hand, fingers and mouth. Oh god the orgasms I have with this man were so fucking good!!! 
