 Looking back, I had a pretty good life. Older now, I can truly appreciate what Veronica brought to my life. Memories are the one thing even time cannot take away. Yes, this is the beginning of our story, I changed names to protect the innocent...or not so innocent. LOL -- My personal note to all: Lesson learned? - beware the quiet, shy ones!!

*

I was 35 when I met Roni, she was 19. I was living in southern Germany, recently divorced and in the latter half of my military career. She was dating Mark, who worked with me. I could tell from the moment we met that she was extremely shy, but also knew, somehow, that there was much more to her than she actually let people see - Little did I know.

We would all meet up at a local pub after work, play darts, have a few beers and just relax. I would often catch her looking at me, or should I say she would catch me looking at her, It was hard to tell. Mark was extremely inattentive which gave her and I ample time to talk when her shyness would allow.

She and Mark soon broke up. Ever the ultimate asshole, he immediately began spreading rumors about her and I, trying to lay the blame for the breakup on us. One day I called him out on it, I knew the truth that she had caught him cheating. When it all came out that he was invoked with the wife of another soldier, he was removed from our unit and sent to another city. Karma, lol.

Roni is stunning! 5'4" tall, a perfect slender 34-22-34, 105 pounds, short dark hair, gorgeous green eyes and perfect b cup firm perky breasts with thick ¾ long nipples - like the cap from a large tube of toothpaste.

Even though very shy, she often wore short spaghetti strap sun dresses with no bra. An excellent combination whenever a cool breeze blew past. She knew I liked it and she would blush each time she caught me looking but would never try to hide it. I never thought she would be the "Older Man" type so I enjoyed the teasing and talking but never attempted to move on her. One day, out of the blue, after having heard yet more of Mark's old rumors the unexpected happened.

I had just gotten home from a long bike ride in the countryside. I entered my apartment, got undressed and jumped in the shower. After enjoying the hot water for about 25 minutes, I got out of the shower, toweled myself off, wrapped the towel around my waist and walked to the kitchen to grab a cold drink. I soon heard a knock on the door. Not thinking, I walked over and pulled it open. There I was, standing in the door in a towel staring in to a gorgeous pair of green eyes, behind which stood a young woman who was absolutely livid.

Roni pushed past me in to the room and went straight in to a laundry list of "what the hell is he thinking," why can't people be normal and blah blah blah. Not wanting any of this wrath, I simply kept my mouth shut. After venting furiously for about 10 minutes, she suddenly stopped, looked me in the eyes and the furor on her face disappeared and a calm smirk replaced it.

She then looked me in the eyes and said "OK, if they want to talk, let them talk. You and I are now dating, get dressed, let's go!!!" You have to love that straight forward German attitude. Not one to argue. I got dressed and out we went.

It was a nice late spring evening, 65 degrees with a slight breeze. The local downtown district was only about a mile away, so we decided to walk to a local hang out that had a seating area out front. Once there, we ordered something to eat and drink we started to talk. Although we had talked quite often before she seemed a lot more comfortable engaging with me this time, as if she had let her hidden wall disappear.

We found out we had much more in common, from musical taste to political views etc. Before we realized, it was well after midnight. We decided to call it a night and set off back to my apartment. We both had to get up early for work, so we called it a night and made plans to meet the next evening.

I stood there in the door and as I watched her pedal off on her bike I thought: that explains her wonderful legs and perfect little ass."

As I lay down for the night, the thought finally dawned on me... how did she know where I lived and which door was mine? In the Townhouse block I live in, there is a central hall separating the 8 two story apartments. 4 Front and 4 on the back side where mine is located, the second door from the car park.

This was the longest, slowest Friday ever!! It seemed as though it would never end. Finally, all of the meetings and the paperwork were done and I was out the door, looking forward to a great weekend.

I took a leisurely shower, grabbed a beer as I got ready for my date with Roni. At precisely 6:45 there was a knock at the door. You have to love the German promptness.

Once again, we walked slowly to the city center and decided where to have dinner. This restaurant also featured a nice outdoor seating area. It was nearly full when we arrived in the square but we managed to find a nice quiet table. We sat there for several hours, through dinner and a couple bottles of wine. Tonight, the conversation was not just chit-chatty, but also serious.

Even though she was extremely shy, she told me that Mark was only her second boyfriend and that he was the first man she had ever had a sexual relationship with. I am still amazed at how some German women can be so shy, yet so open with things they'll tell you. The overall discussion was very honest, open and enlightening. We decided that if we were going date, there would be only open honesty between us.... what a refreshing change.

After nearly 4 hours, we decided it was time to leave. It was such a beautiful night we decided to walk through the large park that winds for several miles through the old part of the city, following along a small river. We walked and talked as we moved away from the lights of the city center. The only light guiding us now was the moonlight in the clear sky.

Remembering my thought the previous night before going to sleep, I asked Roni how she knew where to find me the day before. She said, "I asked Tanja," who is a mutual friend from our dart/nightly pub group. She knew her Boyfriend Rich lives in the same building, two doors down.

We walked hand-in-hand as we neared the end of the park, it was almost completely dark under the canopy of the trees, just a sliver of moonlight streaming through. We started to cross the little bridge and stopped in the middle to watch moonlight glimmering on the water and listen to the sounds of it flowing over the rapids. While standing there, we both instinctively moved closer together. After a few seconds, we both turned to each other, leaned in and shared a long passionate kiss.

Her lips were incredibly soft and warm. The smell of her perfume wafted up in to my nostrils as her small tongue darted into and around my mouth. My mind shot a quick thought through itself..."Wow, that tongue is wicked."

After 10 minutes of making out on the bridge, we continued walking. I had never been on this side of the bridge so I asked her where it came out. She said it goes up the bluff to an old castle ruin and then back down the hill toward my apartment. She said we could go back the other way I told her I'd take my chances trusting her in the darkness and gave her a wink. Even in the darkness I could swear I saw her blush.

As we walked along up the trail, we stopped every so often to kiss and talk. She wasn't kidding when she said "Up the Bluff." By the time we finished climbing, we must have been nearly 1000 feet above the river We climbed the 20 steps or so to the top of the old castle turret to take in the view.

It was square in shape and had a 5-foot wall around the outer edge. The top of the wall had 2-foot by 2-foot openings cut out around the entire perimeter. You could look down over the city, and the entire valley for that matter, lights gleaming for miles. Around the outer edge of the entire area were short stone blocks in front of every cutout. Each stone was approximately 18 inches wide, 3 feet long and 20 inches tall. I am guessing they were left/put there so children could be able to see over the wall.

Being on the top of the castle ruin, above everything in the surrounding area, the moon had it entirely lit up in an incredible glow. Roni had gone over to the wall and was leaning through one of the cutouts.

The view of her, bent over and leaning on the wall, was quite a sight. Her firm, round ass was the perfect convergence of her slender shapely legs. That sight had an immediate effect on me and I felt myself getting hard. I walked over behind her, stood her up, wrapped my arms round her waist, leaned in and kissed her softly on the neck. A small moan emanated from her open mouth and signaled her approval.

Being well past midnight, we knew we could have seen anyone walking in front of us or anyone who could be approaching - we had no worries that we would be seen. With that thought in mind, my hands began to explore her body.

I slowly kissed her neck as I moved my hands up to slide the thin straps of her sun dress off her shoulders, letting it freely slide to her waist. Her large nipples enjoyed the cool air and quickly hardened as I pinched and rolled them between my thumb and index finger, causing another small moan.

Sensing no resistance to my overtures, I turned her around and kissed her deeply. As I did, her small hand moved across my thigh and began to massage my hard cock through my pants. It felt really good, slow rubbing, interrupted by gentle squeezes. After a few minutes, I pushed her back against the wall, her elbows resting in a cutout. I began to kiss my way down to her nipples, circling my way until I could suck one in to my mouth... sucking, licking, biting and scraping it with my teeth. I knew from her moans and movements that she enjoyed it as I moved back and forth between both breasts.

After a few minutes, it was time to move on. I began to kiss and lick my way down from her breasts. I worked down, over and around her stomach, slowly sliding the remnants of her sundress as I went. Inch by inch I moved down past her navel and then left to right just above the band of her panties. I pushed the remaining bit of her dress over the soft curves of her hips and let it fall to the ground. Teasing her more, my tongue traced along the edges of her panties as my hand inched up between her legs. As I got closer to her pussy, I could feel the heat welling up inside her.

I couldn't resist any longer and finally pulled her panties off so I could slide my finger up to her clit. It was large and swollen. The second I touched it, I could tell it was extremely sensitive, as I felt the shudder flow through her body.

I slowly moved her to the closest stone bench and laid her down on it length-wise. I knelt down between her knees and lifted them, spreading her legs wide open as I lowered my mouth between her legs. As I made contact, she let out a moan that was not at all subtle and almost seemed to echo off the stone walls of our little fortress. Her juices were flowing out of her hot pussy and I could really feel the heat. I slid a finger up and in to her wetness.

I could not believe how incredibly tight she was. Every time my finger moved, her body would adjust to be a perfect inverse shape to my finger, hot, wet and tight. As I sucked her clit into my mouth and beat it with my tongue, my finder found her engorged g-spot. Could it be any easier to find the right spot on this incredibly sexy little woman! I sucked her clit and rubbed her g-spot, I could feel her muscles getting tighter and tighter. It only took a few minutes until her hands were wrapped around my head, intertwined in my hair, when her body began to convulse and shake in an incredible orgasm.

The moan trying to escape from her tightly clenched mouth was unearthly as she tried not to wake the entire valley. I had never been with a woman who had such a violent, hard orgasm, especially one I didn't really have to work on giving her. When I stopped my finger fucking, her orgasm slowed almost to a stop. I began moving my finger again to tease her, but as soon as I did, I could see her body reacting and within minutes she had a second massive orgasm.

Talk about being good for a man's ego. I would come to find out over the years that once I found the spot (or shared that information with anyone - more to follow on that) she was and always will be, an orgasm machine.

After she recovered from the second orgasm, she looked in to my eyes and said: "Thank you, I needed that and never had a man make me orgasm before." I was surprised by that... and it will not be the last time she surprised me over the years.

Being the sarcastic one that I am, I said "never a man huh, must have been a girl that taught you that." She replied: "yes, my friend and I taught each other to cum, and other things, when we were playing together when we were younger." I would later find out that younger wasn't as in "one time at band camp," but younger, as in over a 3-year period, between 12 to 15.

Continuing, I asked, "So you are Bi-sexual?" to which she responded "No, we just had fun." After that statement, my hardening cock went straight to 110%. I move back up between her legs and tried to kiss her gently but she grabbed me and sucked every last bit her taste off my lips and tongue.

After kissing me, she said, "now it's my turn." She went on to tell me she had once overheard my ex tell a friend that I had a nice thick cock. Roni then told me Mark was barely 4 skinny inches on a good day. "I want to find out what that nice cock I had my hands on earlier feels like."

She guided me to the end of the bench, standing in front of her. Taking control, she never took her gaze away from mine as she slowly undid my belt, unfastened my pants and slowly pushed them down. They were caught above my shoes so I slipped them of and kicked of my pants.

She slowly massaged my cock through my underwear and her eyes teased mine with a look of wanton desire. She carefully freed my cock, her eyes lit up as she took in my cock and looked up at me in approval, licking her lips.

I am by no means large, slightly above average at 7 inches, thick, topped off with a nice rounded head like a big plum. She kissed it gently just before she saying: "I am going to enjoy this so much more than the only cock I have ever had."

She began licking, from tip to base, circling the head with her tongue each time she had worked her way back to the tip. As she made her way up and down I could see a large drop of pre-cum oozing its way out. When she noticed that, she returned her gaze to mine, licked her finger and slowly used her it to wet the entire tip of my throbbing cock with it as she milked as much out of me as possible. Then sucked the remnants from her finger.

She then slid her lips over it, locked them around the rim, and ever so slowly licked every bit of it off. She pulled her mouth off and said "yummy, now I know I don't have to stop when I make you come. I hope you don't mind." She said she never let Mark come in her mouth and had never sucked anyone else's cock. I replied: "You tease me like that and you've only had one small cock to practice on? Do you remember our all truth pledge?" She said "Yes, I remember it."

She then went on to tell me that she and her "play" friend liked to watch porn and learned together by watching porn and then "practicing" by sucking a dildo until they could take the entire thing. My eyes almost popped out of my head as I thought to myself: "This is going to be good," then my brain quickly added, "What other things have I yet to learn about this "shy" little thing." Before that thought even finished fully forming, she got down to business.

Roni pulled me down on to as she moved off, move to her knees in front of me and started to tease my cock with her tongue. Up and down she went, every so often popping the head into her mouth and slowly pulling her mouth off and she sucked - sometimes gently, sometimes hard. She was driving me crazy. Each time she put me in her mouth she would try to go a little farther. Since my cock has a pronounce upward bend, in that position she could only go so far. Because she is as tiny as she is, that was about as far as I thought she could, taking in the big head and half of the thick shaft. Boy, was I wrong.

Wanting to please me more, or prove her skills to me, she stood up, pushed me down to a laying position, then walked around to the end my head was on. She moved forward, straddling the stone (and me) and bent over from the waste, hands on my thighs and slipped my cock back in to her mouth.

Raising my head, I could look down through her slender legs, watching her breast sway as she bobbed her mouth up and down on my hard, throbbing cock. She was taking nearly 5 inches in to her little mouth and I was in heaven. Just when I thought she had taken all she could, she slowly...and I mean agonizingly SLOWLY, angled her mouth down from her standing position and lowered her mouth and took all 7 inches in to her mouth and then just as slowly, backed off. At first, until getting used to the size and into a rhythm, she gagged a little but within minutes I could feel her lips touching my pubic bone with each stroke.

I couldn't take much more of this and I think she somehow knew what was coming. She back off to hold just the head in her mouth and swirled her tongue furiously around the tip. In mere seconds I could not hold back any longer and I shot my load in to her mouth with so much force that my come was dripping out the sides of her lips.

She didn't flinch in the least, not moving until every spasm had stopped. She held my cock up by the based and removed her mouth. Cum was covering my cock as she moved back around to the end and knelt by my legs. Then, in a slow motion show, she locked eyes with me and savored every last drop as she licked my cock clean. I am pretty sure she noticed my eyes roll back in my head.

When she had finish cleaning me up, she straddled me as I sat up and we sat on the stone kissing and looking in to each other's eyes. After 15 minutes or so the kissing picked up. She started rocking herself against me slowly and I could feel her wetness again rubbing against my cock which sprang back to life. When I was again fully erect, she raised herself up, reached down, guiding me towards her welcoming pussy.

She rubbed my cock head across her pussy until it was nicely lubricated then in one long slow motion, impaled herself on it. The feeling of her tightness sliding down over me was incredible. Never before or since have I felt a woman as tight, yet internally flexible, as she was. She pushed me back down and rode me, slowly at first, then faster. It was amazing watching her body rise and fall over me. Her stamina was amazing.

After about 10 minutes she reached down with her hand and furiously massaged her clit until she arched her back and howled at the moon as she came. Her orgasm seemed to go on forever until she simply collapsed on to my chest, hyperventilating.

It took 15 minutes for her to come back down to earth. By then I was ready to finish as well. I stood her back up, moved her to the wall cutout, bent her over and pushed in to her from behind. Within minutes we were in sync with each other. Her tight pussy was like a vise gripping me. She was slamming her firm little ass back to meet me. It all soon came to a head and I exploded inside her for the first time. Her back arched in yet another orgasm.

After resting and finding our clothe the walk back home was nice. We spent the next 2 days together, walking, talking, eating, sleeping and yes, a lot more fucking.
