 This chapter does not have any sex in it, but is important to the overall story, it's short so no worries about wasting your time. As always please take the time to vote and leave a comment.

Tom and I relaxed on the couch watching a ball game on the TV while the two women were doing who knows what in the back of the house. I was just getting ready to head out when Lori called from the back "Hey Rick can you come here for a bit?"

"Sure, just going to grab another beer first."

When I walked into the master bedroom I saw the two ladies sitting on the bed, right away I could see that Heidi was nervous again, her shyness sticking out like a red thumb. Lori stood and as she left the room "Heidi wants to ask you something."

Sitting down I took her hand in mine and brushed the hair from her eyes. She didn't say anything for a bit then. "Rick?" Then another long pause "Well I ummm" More waiting, she yelled for her sister.

Lori must have been right outside the door, she was back in seconds. "Lori I can't ask him, will you please?"

Lori sat in the chair across from where we were sitting on the bed and cleared her throat "What she wanted to ask you is if you would be willing to work with her, exploring her sexuality, maybe pushing her boundaries and keeping her from going too far or getting hurt."

It took me a few moments to process what she had asked of me, "So you want me to be a teacher, muse, sex toy and body guard?"

With a laugh Lori replied "Well yes that sums it up perfectly."

Heidi was nodding her head in agreement.

I stood and walked over to the window, gazing out but seeing nothing "Lori why don't you leave us alone for a bit."

I heard the door close and then asked Heidi "What is it that you want, is it just sex lessons or is it more" She started to speak, I cut her off "No not yet, If we are going to do this I need you to be able to talk to me and let me know how things are affecting you."

I continued to look out at nothing while she formed her response. She hesitated and started to answer and then stopped again. Turning I kneeled in front of her and took her hands "Heidi this is what I'm afraid of, I need you to be able to talk to me, tell me what you are feeling and when it's to much to go on."

Looking in my calm face she took a deep breath "Okay, I think I know what I want, and I do know that after last night I want you to help me with it, I trust you! I want to experience everything that I have missed, the internet is a evil thing! I have seen so much that I want to try, and I have never had the opportunity or I guess the nerve, but now I think I'm ready. No! I know I'm ready! Rick Please help me!"

I pulled her to me and kissed her.

I asked "So what is everything, no wait why don't you make a list for me, a sexual bucket list. Take some time and figure out what it is that you really want to try. We can go from that and see how you feel as we work through it."

We decided that she should take a few days to make her list and then e-mail it to me.

I kissed her again and then saying good bye to Tom and Lori I headed home, honestly this was not the best time for this but I hoped that I could balance my home and work lives and make it work.

The next few days were a whirlwind for me, who knew that selling off your life's work would cause so much pain and despair along with the pleasure and elation. Finally on Friday we signed the last of the paperwork and packing up my last few personal items I walked out the door for the last time.

It might have been the last time I was going to be in the office but my employees had planned a party for that night at Bob's grill. It was only one o'clock so I headed home, the party wasn't starting until five. As I got out of the truck my phone beeped with a new e-mail, taking a quick look I saw that it was from Heidi and I rushed into the house to read it on the computer, I hate to read and respond to e-mail on my phone, the small screen and tiny buttons were not made for the size of my fingers.

I clicked on the outlook icon and scanned for her message, opening it I was surprised at how long her list was. I had to chuckle as I noticed that each point on her list was followed by a link to either a video or a story that described what she wanted it to be like. I decided that in order for her to get the most out of the experience that I wouldn't take the list in order, because surprise was such a big part of the sexual act. Scanning through the list I saw one that fit the bill perfectly.