 This is a memory. The events written below are as true as memory lets me remember. The names have been changed because that's what you're supposed to do. As always everyone is over 18. Please enjoy.

----------------------------------------------------------------

The end of high school was approaching fast. Kim and I were looking to the future. Where would we go to school next? What colleges would we go to? Maybe join the military? Maybe move away? Questions we never really asked each other or if we did they were made in jest. I knew she had been applying to schools around the state and country. Me? I didn't give it much thought. Maybe I'd go to the local community college first and try to figure out what the heck I wanted to be when I grew up.

We'd been dating now for about four months. Looking it back on it now I can see we never really matured past the physical stage: Lust. But, hey, we were both just horny teenagers trying to figure things out.

We both went to different high schools. That meant we had two different proms we both needed to attend. It's silly to say but I knew I wanted to ask her to the prom and I knew she was going to say yes, but I still was extremely nervous about it. We were our first lovers, why in God's name would she say no? Still, the doubt remained.

On the night I mustered up the courage to ask the obvious question, we were walking along one of the nearby beaches. We lived in Florida. Beaches were always a nearby thing. This particular beach, on an island on the Gulf of Mexico coast, was deserted. It was late, the sun was setting, all the tourists were going home. We were trying to kill time before I had to take her home for curfew and neither of us were in a hurry. Her strict Korean mom insisted on a ten o'clock curfew even on the weekends. Mine were a bit more relaxed and let me come home at midnight. We were 18 but we still lived at home. We still had rules to follow.

The beach was quiet, white sands, calm waters, and clear skies. We held hands as we walked along the sand. We left our shoes in my car, letting the sand squish and crunch between our toes. The waves rhythmically crashed against the sandy shore. A cool wind danced around us, leaving a faint taste of salt on our lips. The sun washed the sky with orange, blue and reds. Never would there be a more perfect time to ask. A woman painted with the day's last light is always breathtaking. Moonlight comes close but nothing can beat the retreating sun.

I squeezed her hand, pulled her close and looked into her almond eyes. She smiled that half-crooked knowing smile of hers. The wind pulled her chocolate hair across her face, hiding her smile. Kim pulled her hair back behind her ears with her free hand. It was now or never.

I stammered out my question. "So, uh, Kim. Do you maybe want to go to prom with me?" I gave her a weak, nervous smile trying my best to find confidence. It was a stupid way to act. Of course I knew the answer. Of course I knew she'd say yes. The fear of rejection was something buried deep I don't know if I'd ever be able to shake.

Kim rolled her eyes. She leaned forward and kissed me. Our mouths parted. Our tongues danced. "I'll have to think about," she said smiling, squeezing my hand tight. "I might need some convincing. I mean there's this other guy at school..."

I didn't let her finish. I knew she was kidding but I wasn't going to play the jealousy game. I hooked my arm around the small of her back, pulling her in close. I kissed her deeply. "Maybe this will convince you," I said staring deep into her eyes. Before she could answer I went in for another, and another. We were heating up. I whipped her around, turning her to face the setting sun. With me at her back I pressed my erection into the top of her ass. She was shorter than me so I could really fit into the butt's natural cleft without crouching down. I encircled one arm around her waist. My other arm pulled her head back, exposing her neck. I sucked on her skin, tasting sea salt. "Is that a 'yes'?"

"Mmmmmm, I don't know," she moaned, leaning into my hold, my flesh.

I pulled her in tighter. I let go of her neck and snaked my way down into the front of her pants, wedging myself inside, between her now soaking panties and pussy. I wiggled my fingers in her tight space, dancing them across her clit and through her lips. She had shaved, which excited me all the more. She moaned. Kim's legs went wobbly. She let gravity pull her down deeper onto my intruding fingers while I held her up by the waist with one arm and played with the pussy with the other.

She moaned again. Turning her head she tried to kiss me, to connect with me. I pulled back slightly so I could get a look at her. Her mouth was open with desire, her eyelids half-closed, partially hiding her rolled back eyes. I smiled knowing what I was doing to her. "Ohhhhhhhh," she moaned. My fingers continued their enclosed dance. I smiled at her. She smiled back. We kissed. Our tongues mimicked my fingers.

After a minute I pulled my hand free and tried to undo the button on her pants. She stopped me, craning her head around the area, scanning to see if we were alone. "What if someone sees us," she said with a hint of excited panic.

"Let them watch. I need you here and now." I nibbled on her earlobe. She let out a tiny yelp that turned into a whimper. She released my hand. I resumed my efforts to set her free. Finally, the button popped loose and I snaked down her zipper giving me more room to play. Kim's legs went weaker so I gently lowered her to her knees. We didn't change positions. I was still at her back but both of us were kneeling, watching the sunset.

I this position, with the sand cushioning our knees, Kim was able to better press herself against my erection. She pushed her closer to me, arching her back seductively. I continued fingering her sopping pussy. My fingers alternating between diddling her clit and probing her tunnel. She moaned again and again, writhing against my touch. We frenched in time with the beat I was playing inside of her. After a minute she pulled away, pushing one arm against me, putting me at an arm's length. Her breaths became shallower. She stared at me through her half-lidded eyes. Her moans became silent. Her other hand pressed itself on top of my diddling fingers, our skin separated by her pants. She didn't want to leave. She wanted to watch me as she orgasmed.

I increased my efforts. My fingers moved faster but they were tiring. I was used to playing with her in my station wagon where she was either curled up on the front seat, with her in my lap or laid out in front of me in the back of the vehicle with room to maneuver. My fingers ached but the discomfort was worth it. I could feel her tunnel beginning to tighten. Her moans sounded more insistent. Her clit swelled. I focused on it, encircling it with two fingers, stroking it back and forth, up and down, left and right. I wanted the rhythm to be inconsistently inconsistent, to keep her body guessing but the pleasure never dying.

My fingers worked her over. Kim froze. Her hand which rested on mine squeezed down hard, preventing me from moving. Her mouth opened in a silent cry. Her body shook and spasmed. I knocked her holding arm aside and pulled her in close to me as she came. She shook herself side to side, writhing in my arms. "Ooooooh, God. Oh, yes," she finally moaned. More spasms overtook her. I held her closer as she came.

Slowly, she came back to reality. A glow emanated from her skin. Kim slowly began breathing deeply. She smiled that wonderful relaxed smile women get after an orgasm. Without words she leaned her head back and kissed me. My one hand was still in her panties and I dared to try and diddle her again. She laughed but quickly pulled my hand free. "It's a bit sensitive right now. Maybe later," she said breaking our kiss.

We laughed at each other, basking in her orgasm. My cock was harder than ever and I let her know by once more pressing it into her rump. She gave me a wicked smile. "Looks like it's someone else's turn now," she moaned. She flicked her tongue over my lips.

"Damn straight it is. You're not going to leave me like this, tonight."

"No, no I won't," she reassured me. She leaned up and gave me another small peck on the lips.

We would've gone further but the moment was ruined with a cough. We both froze. There was someone behind us. Darkness had fallen while we played, the sun's last light and the beginnings of new moonlight illuminated the shore but beyond the sand it was difficult to see anything past the beach, hidden in the shadows of the nearby trees. We turned and there he was, some old guy with his hands in his own pants. The carefree daring passionate feeling you get when lust takes over had dissipated with her orgasm. THe bliss remained but was shattered by free. We laughed at each to break the tension but we also ran out of there as fast as we could. It must've been a sight for the old perv, watching us almost make love and then trying to run away, the girl's pants undone, the boy trying to run with an erection bouncing in front of him. I'm sure the codger enjoyed the evening and was able to get his release later on, but I don't want to dwell on it.

We quickly got back into my station wagon, dusted the sand off our feet and knees and sped away as fast as we could. Once back on the road we could do nothing but laugh. "I thought you said you didn't care if someone watched," Kim asked me while trying to zip her pants back up.

"Yeah, well that was before when I didn't think anyone was actually there and I was trying to get into your pants. Things felt different once I was done and someone was actually there." I said as I maneuvered the car out of the beach parking lot onto the road. A bit more terrifying in reality," I chuckled.

"It was good while it lasted," Kim said as she laid her head in my lap.

If you've never had the pleasure of driving a vehicle with bench seats let me tell you, you're missing out. It's a shame car manufacturers did away with them in favor of bucket seats. I never realized how much fun a station wagon could be until my nights with Kim. I first saw the vehicle it was sitting on someone's lawn. A handmade sign advertised it for sale for $1,000. That was as much as I had saved up. My parents insisted I pay for my first car by myself. It was a great car too. The thing drove like a boat, floating over bumps, gently twisting around turns. The first few days with the thing were arduous as I tried to get the feel of her but she was safe, a tank in the emerging world of SUVs for a teenage, first-time driver and car owner.

I christened her Blue Betty.

Betty could seat seven comfortably without having to use the large, open back. She was obviously blue with faux wood paneling and luggage rack on top, a unique classic of a dying model in the late 90s. My friends and I skipped many a school day in that car. Kim and I had plenty of wonderful nights in Betty as well. If you've never experienced it, bench seats with a lover are fantastic. Betty had two rows of seats and large cargo area in the back. You could fold down the second row and increase the cargo room in the back. I didn't often use the space for cargo. We had found other uses for Blue Betty's extra room.

As I drove away from the beach, Kim had laid down in her favorite position. Her legs rested on the front bench, her head in my lap as I drove. "You never gave me an answer about prom," I hinted.

"No? I thought my response was pretty clear." I could hear her smile in her voice. The sun had of course set and darkness had fallen. The night was getting late. The clock on my car read almost nine. I had an hour to get her home before her mom raised Korean holy hell and grounded her again. I wasn't going to risk being late and not being able to see her for two weeks. She rubbed her cheek against my enclothed groin. "I didn't get a chance to take care of you either. Would that be a good enough answer?" she asked as she moved her head away from my lap. One hand moved to the button of my pants, releasing it. The began to pull down the zipper of my jeans.

"We'll see," I teased, trying my to concentrate both on the road while she fished out my cock.

"Mmmmmm," she moaned, pulling me into her mouth, sucking me in deep. In the few months we had been dating, ever since our first tryst together, I had trained Kim to let up on the teeth and use her tongue and lips more. She was an eager student and I am a very willing teacher. She still like to nibble the head every now and then to make sure I was paying attention, but overall her blowjobs had become something wonderful. Raw, inexperienced but enjoyable. Tonight was no different. Kim enjoyed giving road head. She loved teasing and pleasing, drawing out the pleasure for as long as she could. She seemed comfortable laying across my bench, head in my lap, bobbing up and down. Normally I'd pull her pants down or her skirt to the side and finger her pussy while she sucked but tonight she smacked my hand away, still too sensitive from my earlier work.

The drive back to her house was never long enough. From the beach to her place it was about 50 minutes. I had to hurry. No stopping somewhere quiet to let her play.

With one hand on the wheel, I ran my fingers through her hair, lightly grabbing a handful I guided her head up and down, moving her to some unheard, unspoken rhythm. "Mmmmmmm," she moaned at my touch, loving being guided, encouraged to do something she already enjoyed. Her tongue danced along my glans, swirling around that sensitive spot on the front where the head joined with the shaft. Her lips were pulled tight around me, creating a soft, wet suction as she pulled me deeper and deeper into mouth.

"Fuck, baby. I love the way you suck," I moaned, trying to get the car on road. She gave me a little nibble as a way of saying "thanks." I flinched at the quick pain, chuckling at her nip venting the burst of adrenaline but didn't take my eyes off the road.

The night fell deeper and darker as I drove. The moon was bright tonight. A fresh, full moon that basked the world in a pure soft white light, which, unfortunately, was often overpowered by the city's street lights. As I drove from the beach, deeper into the city, the natural light retreated replaced by the steady beat of yellow halogen. The darkness in my car which hid my lover from view was broken by the interspersed lights. I'd glance down and see nothing, my only sense of her was the warmth of her mouth as it suckled my cock, and then light would reveal her beauty to me once more. God she was breathtaking. Especially in those pure moments like on the beach when it was just us. Nothing else existed but each other and the pleasure we were giving each other.

She broke away from my cock, leaning up to get a view of where we were, how far we had to go. I let out a disappointing moan when she removed herself. My dick was wet with her saliva and being removed from her warmth felt cold in the night air. "How far do we have to go?" she asked while trying to get her bearings from the signs and buildings passing by.

"Not long. Maybe ten minutes?" I said. The disappointed sounded in my voice. The next light was green. I couldn't stop. Had to keep moving. Time was ticking.

"Then I shouldn't stop, should I?" Kim asked, teasing me once more.

"Never," I answered. I pulled up to a stop sign. A break. I ran my fingers back through her hair and pulled her closer to my face. We kissed deep and long, until a car behind us honked its horn. We pulled back quickly, laughing at the intrusion. Kim lowered her head once more and took me back into her mouth. This time she sped up. There was no more time for teasing. She wanted to finish. She had to finish. Her reward for a job well down. I was ready to give it to her.

Her tongue flicked and swirled quickly around my head. She moaned and grunted with effort. The sticky, sloppy sound of saliva rubbing across flesh filled the air. I groaned, desperately trying to concentrate. I shifted in my seat, raising my lap trying to move to the same beat of her head. I was close. She could sense it. I felt her nails dig into my thigh as she concentrated, trying to get a better hold to not lose her reward. "Fuck, baby. I'm going to cum," I moaned. I bit my lip, trying desperately to hold on. I didn't want to cum while the car was moving.

I pulled to a stop sign. A quick check in the mirror told me no one behind us. The gentle stopping motion unbalanced Kim slightly. She paused. She looked up from my lap one more time, keeping my cock sealed within her mouth. I could see a devilish glint in her eyes. She knew why I stopped. She resumed. Faster. Wetter. More driven. The noises I made weren't even words. Barely incomprehensible sounds. She moaned and squealed, lips sealed around me.

With a grunt I came into her mouth. The hand still entangled in her hair held her still. She didn't move either. Kim accepted everything I gave her, dutifully holding still as I shot into her mouth. I rested my head against the headrest and let myself go. One shot, two shots, three shots, four.

I was done; emptied. With a long, slow drag of her lips and tongue she removed herself from me. My glans was too sensitive, I shuddered at her motion. Kim pulled herself off and spit out my seed into a napkin she had held onto. I looked at her with half-closed eyes, content, at peace. She always said it was salty and bitter. I didn't care.

She started putting her hair back into place, trying to fix the disheveled look my guiding hand had created. Had to make sure mom didn't suspect her baby girl was now a woman.

We didn't say a word. We let the silence speak for itself. It was one of those quiet moments where words would only mess it up, destroying time's still beauty. I drove past the stop sign. Her house was only a block away. Time to go home.

"You never answered me," I said. I knew the answer but still I had to keep the weak joke going. "Will you go to prom with me?" I also reached over to the glove compartment. Inside was a pack of gum I kept to hide her salty, cum stained breath. Illusions had to be maintained.

"Hmmmm, I don't know," she said. She took a piece of gum and began chewing. "I'll have to think about it. I mean there was this other guy at school that was asking me. Maybe I'll go with him."

She was always joking about other guys. At least I hoped she was joking. "Har-dee, har, har," I said, dispelling her joke. "Your prom's four weeks away. Mine's three. The guys want to get a limo and we need to know how many people will be coming."

"Well, if you're getting a limo, then how can I say no?"

"So is it a 'yes'?"

"It's not a 'no'," she answered.

I pulled up alongside the curb in front of her house. "I want to hear you say it. I know the answer but I want to hear you say it." Putting the car in park, I leaned towards her.

She leaned back to me. "Yes."

I pulled her in for a kiss. She tasted like mint and salt. It was a bit odd but I figured if I made it and she swallowed it, then I could stand to taste a little bit of myself in her. "That wasn't so hard now was it?"

"I like teasing you. And I know you like it too."

"I know, I do but don't take it too far, okay?"

She pulled away, opened the car door and stepped out. "Whatever. I'll see you at work, right?"

"Of course," I said. "Do you need a ride there?"

"Not next time. My dad'll take me. I'll need a ride home though."

I smiled a knowing smile. "Whatever it takes."

She blew me one last kiss and slammed the heavy car door closed. I watched her head back to the house, fumble with her keys and head inside. She blew me another kiss before disappearing. Now I had to find a tux and pull together money a limo. This was going to be expensive.
