 It was my first time going to a casino. Visiting some friends in New Jersey, I had decided I would go to Atlantic City before I headed home after a long weekend. Not much of a gambler, I didn't want to spend too much money being afraid that I would go home penniless. Playing a few of the cheaper slot machines I pretty much broke even so my confidence was up just a little bit. Still not wanting to go home broke, I decided I would watch some games of blackjack thinking that I could calculate the risk I would be taking. I came to one table where there were a few different people playing and I watched for a little bit. 

One man was I'm guessing a cowboy, because of the hat, the boots, and the heavy southern accent. Next to him, there were two women, apparently pooling their money because they were giggling and whispering after each and every card was dealt before they did anything. Next to them, was a couple who weren't particularly into the game. They appeared to be drunk, or at least close to it. Kissing and fondling each other as the game went on. Not paying attention to all the money they were losing. I tried not to pay too much attention to them because if I did, I wouldn't be able pay attention to the game because they were practically fucking each other at the table. 

I watched a few hands played, and there were no surprises. The cowboy won a couple of times, the two gigglers won a couple of times, and the kissers just kept losing but didn't seem to care, and I don't really blame them. Suddenly, I noticed someone that I hadn't before. The dealer was a beautiful woman with light brown hair. About my age, she reminded me of Shania Twain. Long flowing hair, a body covered up by a dealer's uniform, and a pair of eyes that seemed to be staring at me!

"What's this?" I thought to myself. Is she really checking me our or is she just trying to make me think she is so I'll join in the game and she can take me for all I'm worth? I had decided it was the latter and didn't want to be taken by an obvious casino trick. My attention brought back to the game of black jack, I thought I could ignore her. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see that she was still catching glimpses of me whenever she could. After about fifteen minutes of watching the game and convinced that I could at least break even, I decided that I would give in to her little game as soon as someone got up.

After the kissing couple nearly fell off their chairs, they decided that they should go up to their hotel room. Seeing the seat open, I thought to myself "here goes all my money" I sit down and the dealer announces a new player at the table. I thought now's my chance to return the favor and stared at her while she dealt the cards out. Wondering if she'd notice, I didn't even look at the two cards dealt to me. I just stared at her full lips and wondered what they would taste like on my lips. Suddenly it was my turn and she asked me what I was going to do. A smile came across those pretty lips and I knew that she had noticed my stare. I looked at my cards and I had 19, so I thought I'd stay and good thing because I won. I played a few more hands after that, all the while sharing glances back and forth with this pretty little dealer. She had on a name tag that said Katherine, so I playfully called her Kat every time she asked if I was going to hit or stay. She seemed to like it because she smiled and laughed a little when I called her that. Not wanting to get too infatuated with this dealer, I decided that I should leave the game after I was up about $100. I said thank you and left the table. 

Being ahead of the game in money, I was pretty cautious about playing any more because it was getting late, and I didn't want to get greedy. I watched a few more games, had a few more drinks, and decided that after 4 hours at the casino, and being up $100, and pretty close to not being able to drive, I should head home. I got on the escalator to the exit. About half way up the escalator, I heard someone behind me say "Nice game back there" I turned to see who it was and surprisingly it was the dealer. I started to say something to her and she said in a hushed but firm tone..."Turn around! I can't be seen talking to you!" I quickly turned around and said "O.K...um thanks, but why can't you talk to me?" 

She replied, "Dealers can't be seen talking to patrons away from the table, and this is a casino, there's cameras everywhere" Not knowing how to respond to that, I said, "um...O.K. then" There was a long silence for the rest of the ride and as I got off the escalator, I headed out to my car. I wanted to turn around and see where she was going, but I thought better of it. Suddenly, she was right behind me again. "There's a rest stop off of the first exit you see heading north on the highway. Go there now." I heard her say. Cautiously glancing around the parking lot, I checked to see if there was anyone else but me that she could possibly be talking to. Not a soul in sight. I got into my car and drove off not sure what I was in for. 

As I pulled into the rest stop, I scanned the parking area trying to figure out where she was, and furthermore just exactly what it was she wanted. Not seeing her in any of the cars in the parking lot, I headed in to the little restaurant that was there. I looked around at all the booths, and finally found her. 

She had changed out of her dealer's uniform, and was wearing a thin satin blouse, and from what I could tell, a short black skirt. I sat down across from her and introduced myself. 

Jokingly, I said to her "Is it ok for us to talk now, or are there cameras in here that link to the casino?" 

She laughed and said "You're very cute, want something to eat?"

I said "What have you got in mind?" 

"I meant from the menu" she said. "Dessert comes later." 

We both ordered food and ate while making idle small chit chat. I began to wonder where this strange experience was going when she said to me, "Give me your foot" Not asking any questions, I put my foot up in her lap. She proceeded to take off my shoe and my sock, while I stared at her face. She slipped my bare foot underneath her skirt and I instantly knew that when she changed out of her dealer's uniform, she either forgot or simply neglected to put on any panties. From what I could tell, she was completely shaven. I felt my cock grow at the feel of her wet lips on my toes. My toes slid up and down along the length of her wet pussy lips. Her face melted at the touch of my toes in her slit. She let out a soft little moan as she went back to finishing her meal. Just then the waitress retuned to our table to check up on us. Hearing Katherine moan as she ate, the waitress said, "Well, someone is enjoying their meal! And how is yours sir?" I nodded as I continued to work my toes in and out of her now throbbing pussy. Katherine put down her fork and said to the waitress

"Everything is fine, honestly, but we really, Really, REALLY have to get going." 

The waitress gave us the check and I quickly paid for it. She slipped my shoe back on my foot, and stuffed my sock in her purse and said in a feverish manner, "Let's go" As we walked out, I asked where we were going, and who's car we were taking. She said nothing but just kept on walking. I followed her and soon discovered that she had parked her car at the furthest end of the parking lot. A good hundred yards away from any other car in the lot, right next to the a stand of trees. As we neared her car, I asked if this was her car. She simply said yup and walked right on past it into the trees. I looked around to see if anyone was watching and quickly followed after her into the woods. 

A little ways into the woods, there was a small clearing. There she stood waiting for me. I approached her and she grabbed at my shirt pulling me to her, and thrusting her mouth onto mine. She moaned as she soflty kissed my lips. "Your foot was excellent Dave, but I'm gonna need something a lil bit bigger than that" she said. I began pulling at her skirt as we embraced and kissed. Kissing me, she started to unbutton her blouse. I helped tear her shirt open as my fingertips started to caress her full 38d tits. After she had gottten her shirt open for me, she proceeded to go after my pants. Her fingers fumbling at my button and zipper, she finally got it undone. My mouth now on her hard perky nipples, she had released my cock from my pants. 

She began jerking my rock hard cock in her hand as my tongue flicked back and forth over her nipple. I felt her start to sink in my arms as her knees grew weak from my tongue. I helped her get down on the ground all the while my tongue never breaking contact from her now slippery nipple. My teeth started to bite at her nipples as she stroked me harder and harder with each nibble. Postioning myself over her, she moaned over and over "fuck me fuck me fuck me..." 

Squeezing and pinching at her nipples, I teased her pussy with my head. Her body squirmed and writhed underneath me as she felt my hard tip tickling her swollen lips. She grabbed helplessly at my hips trying to thrust me into her. I obliged her by slowly slipping my cock into her tight swollen pussy. 

"Uggggghhhhhh" she moaned as all 8 inches slipped past her tightening pussy walls. I fell on top of her and kissed her moaning mouth as I started to move my cock in and out of her. Her hips bucking underneath me as I started to fuck her dripping wet snatch. She wrapped her legs around me as I pounded in and out of her. Her pussy was sooooo wet, and the wet sounds of my dick going in and out of her made me harder and harder. She started to get louder and louder as I fucked her faster and faster. I felt her pussy clamp down on my cock as her body started to convulse and her legs tightened around my waist.

She let out a long loud moan as she came all over my cock. I slowly pulled my cock out of her and she immediately jumped on it, taking the head of it into her mouth. She slurped and sucked on my head like it was her favorite lollipop. Her hands fondling my balls as she looked up at my face. Seeing my cock disappearing into her hungry mouth made me want to fill her mouth so bad. Her fingers playing with my balls, I could feel my shaft begin to fill up with hot cum. She started to suck harder and harder as she heard my breathing get deeper and faster. She moaned with my cock in her mouth sending vibrations from her lips all through my throbbing cock. 

"Mmmm Mmmmmmm MMmmmmmmmmm" I moaned as I began to shoot my load into her mouth. She struggled to swallow all of it as spurt after spurt of hot sticky cum filled her mouth. She gulped and gulped, her eyes growing wider with each gulp, not believing that I had this much cum to offer her. She softly and slowly sucked on my now drained cock as my heart rate came back to normal. I looked down at her licking off the last drops of cum now oozing out of my tip and said "Damn, Kat! Do you treat all of your patrons this well?" She looked up at me, cock still in her mouth and just kept on moaning...

I never saw her after that and I've often thought to myself...maybe I should go back to that casino and try my luck again...