 As we lie together, you can feel the warmth of my body on your skin. As our tongues intertwine, our hands explore each other. The soft skin of your arms, shoulders, and back tingles from the caress of my warm hand. My other hand gently but firmly pulls at your hair and our mouths part. My lips find your exposed neck as I sweetly kiss under your chin, under your ear, and then softly suck on your earlobe and kiss your ear. Your mouth close to my ear, I can hear your breathing and feel your hot breath on my neck and shoulder but my grip on your hair keeps your lips from touching my skin, as this is my treatment unto you.

I slowly kiss down from your neck and onto your shoulder; goose bumps raise from your arm when I delicately bite your shoulder. My free hand slowly moves from your back and across your exposed breast as my face moves slowly down past your collarbone with soft kisses until I find your nipple with my tongue. I kiss and swirl my tongue on your hardening nipple until you let out a quite sigh. As my fingers continue to caress you breast and nipple, I kiss and lick across your chest to treat and torment the other similarly. Back and forth I move my lips and tongue across your chest. Your hands are caressing my head and upper torso; again you try and lift your head and again my grip on your hair will not allow it.

My free hand moves to stroke your face and you respond by kissing, licking, and then sucking my fingers. I withdraw my hand and with my fingers delicately trace the trail made moments before on your neck, shoulders, and breast; then continue down across your stomach, hips, outer thigh, and legs. Reluctantly, my mouth departs your nipples and slowly my tongue and lips traces a line to somewhere between your bellybutton and your mound. At this point I am stretched with one hand holding your head and hair, and the other stroking your legs, so I must relinquish my grasp on your hair to move farther down your body.

As I withdraw my hand, you grasp my arm and pull my hand to your face, then forcefully suck on two fingers while swirling your tongue between and around them. As I move my face across your hip to your outer thigh with kisses, you release my fingers and I move them to your now neglected breasts, while my other hand continues to stroke your legs. As I move my hands under your legs, you raise and part them slightly. I rub my coarse facial hair against the soft, smooth skin of your inner thighs to which you raise your knees and part your legs. Your musky fragrance fills my nostrils and my mouth begins to water with anticipation of your nectar. I contemplate teasing you by returning to your belly and breasts with kisses, but I dare not turn anticipation into frustration.

I shift my body as to be between your legs, both hands behind your knees and raise and part your legs. Your swollen pussy lips are glistening; so inviting that I must fight the urge to bury my face in your wet hole and devour it rather than savor it, savor the moment. I slowly kiss and lick your left inner thigh up to your knee, and then back down. I rub my face against your wetness, my coarse facial hair scratches against your sensitive skin, which causes you to gasp and momentarily tense, but do not dwell and begin kissing and tonguing your right leg as before. As I reach your right knee, my lust can no longer be contained, I must taste you. My hands move up your legs until I am cupping your ass, my thumbs on either side of your vulva. I squeeze with my hands, my thumbs part your pussy, and I run my tongue up and down its length. You let out a moan as to signal your relief that the anticipation is nearly over, but I have other plans, as the most powerful orgasms occur after repeated stimulation.

Though I am tempted to bury my face in your wetness, I continue to only use my tongue on your pussy lips, carefully not to dwell on your clit just yet. As I continue to explore your inner depths, I lift your ass and run my tongue over your rosebud. Your stomach tenses from the wet probing. Now you are ready. I lower you back down and again pull you pussy lips apart with my thumbs, and bury my face in your wetness. As I suck on your inner lips and run my tongue across your clit, your body tenses and your breathing becomes shallow; I sense that you are near climax, but it is much too soon. I withdraw with kisses between your legs and nuzzle your thigh until your body recovers and your breathing deepens.

It seems to you that I am teasing you, but you realize later that it only added to the eventual bliss. I again bury my face in your parted lips, but this time less forcefully. I stroke your clit with my tongue, and lick and suck your pussy lips. Your hands grab the back of my head as a gesture to not to torment you by breaking away again. I turn my head slightly to kiss your inner thigh to demonstrate again who was in control, which provokes a sigh of admission from you. But we both know that I must take you to your climax soon.

Again I go down on you, and this time with determination. I rhythmically and forcefully stroke your clit with my tongue; your body tenses, your breathing quickens and becomes shallow, you let out a deep moan as the first wave of ecstasy pulses through your body. I feel your clit throb against my tongue: I tighten my gasp on your butt and hold my face to your pussy and I lick as your body continues to convulse. Only when you try to squirm away to I release my hold on you, and gently kiss you between your legs and on your thighs as I stroke your legs until you recover and catch your breath. The look in your eyes tells me that this is just the beginning.