 My wife and I live on a little cul-de-sac road surrounded mostly by professionals who work during the day. My wife also works during the day, I work part-time in the evenings. We don’t get to see each other very often because of this screwy schedule. We’ve been married for about four years and the sex is still very good, just not very frequent. One morning after my wife had gone to work, I went out to mow the yard. It was a hot day and I was dressed in a tank top and shorts. I’m not a bad looking guy; 5’8,” sandy-brown hair, hazel eyes, a slight paunch. I’m not muscle-bound, but I’m toned. I’ve been complemented before by the opposite sex. My wife thinks it’s sexy whenever I tell her some hot thing came on to me at work, because she knows it gets me hot and we have a nice romp in the sack. Anymore, though, it isn’t as frequent when either of those things happen.

Getting back to the morning in question, I was out mowing when I noticed my next-door neighbor, Alana, was also out mowing her lawn. She lives across the street from us and as far as I can tell, works in the evenings, too. I don’t know if she thought she was alone or if she didn’t care, but she was mowing her lawn topless. I couldn’t help but notice, I mean, she’s a very gorgeous woman. She’s about 5’4,” brown hair, brown eyes, an incredible 36-24-34 figure and, I could tell now, very pert nipples. She caught me staring at her and smiled. I looked away, embarrassed. But as I kept mowing, I couldn’t help looking over at her. She was also wearing these really tight cutoffs that showed off her round, plump ass. My God, it was difficult concentrating on the yard and I nearly mowed over my wife’s flowers, twice. I was also developing quite a boner, so I decided that I’d done enough today and put the mower away. 

As I went inside, I noticed she was quitting, too. She caught me looking again and turned to give me a longer look at those fabulous tits. They were tanned like the rest of her, meaning she must sunbathe topless, too. The nipples looked at least an inch long and the areolas were a deep brown. I blushed and quickly went inside. I was hot and sweaty, not just from the yard work, and decided a shower was in order, preferably a cold one. While I was showering, I couldn’t get those tits or that ass out of my mind and thought I might whack it a little to relieve myself. I soaped up my 8 inches and began to think what it might be like to place it between her tits. Don’t get me wrong, my wife has a good body, too. She’s about 5’6”, brown hair, green eyes, with a fabulous 32-28-34 figure and a knockout set of breasts herself, but she can be a bit prudish. I’ve often tried to get her to be more adventurous, sexually, but she was raised in a very strict Catholic home and is still, after four years, very conservative. Not that I was a Casanova, I’d had my share of women, but strictly in relationships, no one-night stands. I had four real girlfriends all of who taught me something sexually new. I figured that with my experience and love, my wife would eventually open up to new positions and pleasures. Sadly, it just hasn’t happened.

I quit whacking off and finished showering. As I was drying my back, I thought I heard a noise from my bedroom. I wrapped the towel around my waist and went to investigate. When I got to the bedroom, I had the shock of my life. There lying on the bed was Alana and not only was she topless, she was bottomless, too. She was also frantically fingering herself. She looked up as I entered and smiled. I immediately became erect which forced my towel to fall from my hips, so there I stood with a huge erection and a smile. I mean, who wouldn’t smile about finding the woman who you’d been fantasizing about in your bed. She looked at my erection and licked her lips.

“I was wondering when you were going to get out of the shower,” she said. “I had to start without you. Why don’t you help me finish.” She reached out with her right hand and took hold of my penis, I nearly came right there. But I held it together long enough to get to the bed and in front of her.

“I’m sorry, I was just thinking about you and needed a little release.” I said, kneeling in front of her. She didn’t stop her fingering. 

“Why don’t you show me what you did to relieve yourself,” She said, so I began to yank on my turgid member. She stared at it and began to rub her nipples. She had started without me, so in a very few minutes she was moaning and jerking never once taking her eyes off my cock. She came with a shout and bounced her ass on the bed. It was the hottest thing I’d ever seen. I don’t think my wife ever masturbates and if she did, she’d never do it in front of me. I was stroking hard now, but what I really wanted was to taste her orgasmic juices. 

She seemed to read my mind because she turned around until her head was under my cock, then she pulled me down to her. I straddled her head and she took my member in her mouth, then I proceeded to lie down on top of her pussy. I could smell the sweet tang of her juice and began to lap her furiously. We turned over so I was on bottom and she started rubbing her pussy in my face as I licked and sucked her clit. She gave me the best head I’d had in a long time. My wife rarely takes me in her mouth anymore, usually she just jerks me off with a wet hand. God! It had been years since I’d sixty-nined with someone! We never did that, either, because she didn’t want me to give her head.

Alana kept a steady suction on my cock until I was ready to explode. I countered with a rapid licking of her clit. I finally got the better of her and she started rubbing her pussy on my face harder until she raised up and sat on my face. I was close to coming, but I didn’t care, I had her and she tasted too good to stop sucking her clit. She damn near broke my nose when she came, but at the same time she soaked my face with her pussy juice, so I didn’t mind. She rolled off and collapsed beside me. 

“Oh God, baby, that was the best!” she said. “My husband never eats me anymore. It’s been so long since I had a good tongue on my pussy. Your wife must smile all the time.” 

“No, she doesn’t let me eat her and she doesn’t give me head anymore, either. Your mouth felt so good on my cock. It’s been so long, I almost forgot what good head was.” She smiled and took my still stiff member in her hand.

“I’m sorry I didn’t finish, but I will now if you want.” I told her that what I really wanted to do was fuck her tits, so she told me to climb on top. I did and placed my eight inch long and four inch wide pleasure stick between those voluptuous mounds. I was still pretty wet from her mouth, so I slid between them easily. On the up stroke, she would suck the head of my cock. I was already close to bursting, so it didn’t take long before I came a gusher. I went all over her face, neck and tits. She took my cock in her mouth and cleaned me off, then scooped the come with her fingers and licked them clean. 

I got off her and we laid there basking in the glow of our new found lust. In a little while, she climbed on top of me and began kissing me. We swapped tongue, then she held out her tits to be sucked, which I was eager to do. Then she began kissing down my body, pausing at certain places to suck or nibble, until she finally came to my cock.

“I want to feel this inside me,” she said and proceeded to take my cockhead into her mouth. It didn’t take long for me to grow. When I was erect enough for her, she crammed my cock into her pussy and began to bounce on it. I must’ve been bigger than what she was used to because she was moaning almost immediately. I grabbed her hips and pushed into her deeper. She then began slamming her crotch into mine harder. I took hold of her bouncing tits and rubbed the nipples. That must’ve done it because soon after she started yelling and hopping up and down wildly on my cock. Then almost as suddenly she stopped and ground her pussy into me, her eyes rolled back into her head and she collapsed on top of me. That performance nearly sent me over the edge, but I wasn’t finished with her yet. I wanted that ass! 

We lay there for a little while. She moaned softly and I kissed her forehead. She rolled off me, looked at me and smiled.

“Goddamn, you’re huge! I haven’t had as good a cock as that since I don’t know when. But you didn’t come…oh, baby, I never let you come. I’m sorry.” I laughed. I hadn’t had as good a time in bed in years and told her so. Then I told her that if she wanted me to come, she should turn over and let me fuck her. She said she wanted it in the ass. Now, I’m not much into anal, but I wanted her ass and I figured, why not?

She got onto her stomach and raised her sweet, plump ass into the air. I rubbed it and kissed it, then I started rubbing her pussy juices onto her asshole and my cock. I apologized to her for not having any KY and she told me that her husband never used it when he fucked her in the ass so she was used to doing without. Sore but used to it. I was determined to lube up her ass and my cock good, so it wouldn’t hurt. She was getting excited by all the attention I was giving her pussy and asshole. She begged me to stuff my cock into her, so I obliged. She was tight, but this was no virgin asshole, just one that wasn’t fucked regularly. I began pumping slowly. I could feel her hand on my balls and knew she was playing with herself, too. I increased my tempo a bit. She moaned into the pillow. I could feel myself getting close, it didn’t take long in something this tight. I gripped her hips and slammed into her. She screamed and I came. I laid on top of her until I was soft enough to pop out, then I rolled off her. We both fell asleep.

When I woke up she was gone, but I could hear the shower running. I went to the bathroom and there she was. She looked even better wet. I got into the shower and we cleaned each other off. She cleaned up my cock then gave me head. I stopped her before I came, then I picked her up and fucked her against the wall. Eventually, we got out of the shower and got dressed. It was late and both of our spouses would be home soon. 

Before we said goodbye, I had to find out how Alana got in to the house. I had locked the door after all.

“It was easy,” she said. “Your locks are old, like mine, I got locked out once and used a credit card to break in. I figured yours would be no different and I was right.” I told her that I might try that tomorrow and she told me that she would be waiting, but not in the shower.