 Women always wonder why men cheat and have wandering eyes. Let me tell you in case you are so naive not to know why.

My Wife Linda and I have been married for twenty-two years and she does not have a "libido" any more or so she says. We occasionally have our little mutual masturbation sessions or she will jerk me off once a month maybe. She thinks she is old and not attractive anymore. I tell her repeatedly that I still think she is very sexy and she drives me wild, which is the truth. Because she feels unattractive when we do have our little sessions, she cannot relax enough to orgasm, as she is so self-conscious of her body. I would give anything for her not to feel this way and would love to love only her.

Let me also tell you that it has not always been this way. When we were first married, we fucked in every room in the house. We would fuck on the floor, countertop, pool table, outside, everywhere and sometimes several times a day.

She used to suck my dick as we were driving down the road, she would even flash truckers her big beautiful breasts. She was hot, sexy and she knew it. To me she still is very hot but we have not had actual intercourse for nearly two years.

I miss the intimacy between us. I miss the feel of her naked body pressed against mine. I miss pleasing her and hearing her squeal in delight as she would orgasm.

Although I am understanding of her predicament, I also crave the attention and excitement of full-blown raw and exciting sex.

Due to this, I have been guilty of looking for other avenues of getting what I need and want from a sexual relationship. 

I am a professional businessman who makes a very nice living and live in an upscale neighborhood. I have to travel frequently on business, which gives me nights to either look at porn on the internet or visit local bars. I have done both. Looking at porn was how I started. I would look at the sites and watch the video clips of the sexy hot young ladies having sex or rubbing their perfect bodies for me to jerk off to.

A guy can only take so much lotion and his own hand before he starts to fantasize about a woman's hand on his cock. The fantasy then turns to looking for the real thing.

My first excursion outside the bounds of matrimony was on a business trip to a small town in the Florida panhandle. I was in town for three nights. The first night I stayed in my room and looked at porn on my laptop. This always escalated to fantasizing mostly about my wife being her old self and fucking her all night long. The second night in town I decided to go to a local bar that reportedly had lots of woman who hung out there.

I walked into the dimly lit room with smoke hanging in the air. I went to the crowded bar and had a seat. I ordered a seven and seven and began looking around the room to see what the ladies there looked like. Most of the women that I had seen so far looked sleazy and was becoming disappointed with my informant of local drinking establishments. I ordered another drink and decided after that one I was going back to my room and probably fantasize about my wife and jack off again.

About the time, I had finished my drink a young lady sat down at the bar next to me. She was a blonde with large breasts that were nearly falling out of her low cut blouse. She was in a simple way somewhat attractive but not in the beautiful category. You could tell from her appearance, clothing, makeup, and mannerisms that she was from a lower class than I was accustomed to.

I watched her talk to the locals in the bar and either she was becoming much more attractive or the seven and sevens were making her appear to be more so. 

She suddenly turned on her stool just as I was getting up and our knees collided into each other.

She looked shocked and said, "Oh, I'm so sorry!"

I shook my head and said, "No, I should be more careful."

She said, "Please sit back down and at least let me buy you a drink for bruising your kneecaps."

I could not help it but answered to her bulging breasts in her low cut blouse, "Sure why not?"

She asked looking into my eyes knowing what I was looking at, "What are you drinking?

I then tore my eyes from her chest and looked at her eyes again, "Seven and seven."

She turned to the bartender and said, "Nathan, I'm buying and he needs a seven and seven please."

She turned in her chair to face me. Her long legs were touching the side of my thigh and her naked skin touching me felt like electricity running through my body. She stated rather matter of factly, "I don't think I have ever seen you here before."

I was subconsciously again talking to her breasts, "No, I'm from out of town on business and was bored in the room so I asked the concierge where a good place was to go for a drink and some local flavor. He suggested here."

She laughed, "Local flavor huh? That means you wanted to see how the local Florida Rednecks lived."

I shook my head, "No not at all. It is just that everyone in a hotel bar is from out of town and like me on business. You talk to people about sports or current events and I like to have real conversations. I like meeting new people."

I held out my hand and said, "I'm Ray." This was not the truth.

She held out her hand and replied, "I'm Amy."

Her hand was slightly rough and she shook with a firm grip, so unlike the women I'm accustomed to shaking hands with.

We sat and talked for hours. Amy worked at one of the local plants making electronic circuit boards. 

I was perplexed by what made this woman so attractive. I mean other than the obvious, large tits and long firm legs in a very short skirt. An uninhibited air about her was making my dick hard. She was easy to talk to.

She was not married and asked if I was. I had removed my wedding band, lied, and told her no. A pang of guilt hit me as soon as I said no.

As the liquor was setting in she would touch my shoulder, which then led to my arm, and eventually she was laying her hand on my thigh as she continued to talk.

I felt like her hand was burning my skin through my slacks. My dick was rock hard, as it seemed that her tits were becoming more and more visible. Her skirt had also rose up and I could see that she was wearing bright red panties. Her long muscular legs were now not crossed but slightly spread open as she sat on the barstool.

She suddenly moved her hand from my thigh and onto my hard cock. 

I jumped slightly and turned to her. She had a serious look on her face and said, "I'm ready to get out of here, would you like to join me?"

WOW! My mind was going off. I had to make a decision quickly and right now. Was I going to go with this Amy and betray my wife Linda? Her hand touching my cock was the first woman to touch my cock since Linda and I had been married. My hard cock and the alcohol won out, "Sure."

She stood up and put some money on the bar. I added more than enough to cover our bill and the tip. I stood up and she asked, "Your place or mine?"

I said, "It really doesn't matter to me."

She smiled and said, "I live right around the corner if that is ok."

I replied half choking, "I'll follow you then."

I followed her out the door as I stared at her undulating ass under her short skirt. She knew I would be watching and was making a show of it.

She turned grinning having caught me staring at her ass and legs and said, "I parked over there." Pointing in the direction of an old blue Chevy.

I said, "Ok, I will be right behind you."

I got in my car and thought, what in the hell are you doing? I put the key in the ignition and noticed my hand was shaking. I turned the key and put it in drive as she pulled out of her space.

She turned left onto the street and I thought about turning right and getting the hell out of there. My dick and the liquor made me turn left. I followed her for about three blocks and she turned right into a trailer park. We drove in about a block and she turned into the parking space in front of a singlewide mobile home.

Amy got out of her car and stood next to it waiting for me to get out. When I got out of the car and stood up my legs felt like rubber. Amy said, "Home sweet home."

She walked up the wooden stairs to the door and put the key in the lock. My stomach flipped and I thought I was going to throw up right there when the door opened.

I followed her in and pulled the door shut behind me. 

Amy pointed toward the couch and said, "Have a seat and get comfortable. Would you like something to drink?"

As I sat on the couch I replied, "Sure that would be great." I really needed another drink right now to take the jitters away.

Her home was very tidy and clean albeit small.

She walked back to the couch and said, "Sorry all I have is some beer."

She handed me the beer and sat down next to me.

I said, "Beer is just fine."

I raised the bottle to my mouth when she suddenly put her hand on my cock. 

I nearly choked as I tried to swallow.

She laughed, "I'm sorry I didn't mean to startle you."

I cleared my throat, "That's alright it just took me by surprise is all."

She unzipped my pants and reached her hand into my slacks to rub my stiffening cock through my boxers. My cock was quickly getting hard as she reached through the fly of my boxers and pulled my cock out.

She leaned to my ear and said, "Hopefully then this won't scare you off."

She lowered her head to my crotch and then I felt her mouth envelope my cock head. She began bobbing her head up and down on my cock while stroking it with her hand. 

She was fabulous as her tongue swirled around the head and tickled the sensitive underside. She used her tongue on my cock, as my wife has never done.

I leaned my head back against the couch and closed my eyes simply enjoying the best blowjob I have ever had. She then pulled off my cock and slide between my legs. She unbuckled my belt, unsnapped my pants, then grabbed the waistband and started to pull them off. 

I rose off the couch so that she could pull them past my hips. She pulled slacks and boxers at the same time. She got them to my knees and then pulled off my shoes and socks. She then pulled them on off my legs.

She tossed them onto the floor and turned around. She put one hand on my balls and the other around my cock and then went back to sucking my cock.

I took a swallow of my beer as I watched my cock sliding between her stretched lips. I loved watching this. My wife had never taken the position where I could actually watch her suck my cock. It was an amazing experience seeing my cock stretch her lips wide and to have her tongue dancing around on it.

My balls were tightening and she knew now was the time to stop sucking. She stood up between my legs. She reached for the buttons on her blouse and unbuttoned them slowly letting more and more of her large breasts come into view. She pulled open her blouse and let it slid off her shoulders. I'm not sure if I said it aloud or just thought it but, "Oh my gawd they are beautiful"

She smiled as she reached behind her for the zipper on her mini skirt. I heard it unzip and then she reached for the waistband and pulled it off to reveal a very sheer, very tiny red panty. She turned around to show me her ass and the tiny little string that disappeared between her extremely tight cheeks.

She then reached to pull the panties off still facing away from me. I watched the little red string as it was pulled from between her cheeks. She had them to her thighs and let them fall onto the floor.

When she turned again to face me, I was again in for a surprise. Her pussy was completely void of hair. Again, something my wife did not do because she says it is too uncomfortable when it grows back.

My eyes must have bugged out or my mouth fell open because when I looked back up at her face she was grinning.

She straddled my body with her knees on the couch. She unbuttoned my shirt and pulled it open. She put her head to my chest and sucked one of my nipples into her mouth. I felt it immediately stiffen as she sucked and licked it. She then reached between her legs and guided my cock to her pussy.

I thought, "Oh shit here we go."

I felt the head of my cock touch her pussy lips then past them to the entrance to her hot and wet pussy.

Then all I could feel was warmth as she sat slowly down on my throbbing cock. She sat all the way down on it then just sat there also enjoying the feeling of having my cock inside her. 

She moaned, "Oh fuck yes that feels wonderful."

I put my hands on her smooth hips as she began to lift up and down on my cock rocking on her knees. Her large firm breasts were in my face and I reached out to suck a nipple into my mouth. She moaned again as I slightly bit down on it.

She kept rocking up and down on my cock and I released her hips so that I could put my hands on her big bouncing breasts. My hands could not even begin to cover them. She was definitely more than a handful.

I then pulled her off my cock for two reasons. One I was about to cum and needed a quick break and two because I had to have her where I could pound into her sweet tight little pussy. I pulled her to the side and laid her back on the couch. I then got between her legs and she immediately wrapped those long luscious limbs around my waist. I looked down between us to be sure I was at her pussy then slid it all the way into her. We both moaned this time as I hit bottom and our groins were rubbing against each other.

She began to rotate her hips with my cock buried in her. What a sensation! My wife always just lays there and lets me fuck her. Amy was actually fucking me back. I pulled out and leaned forward so that my cock was rubbing on her clit as I slid back into her pussy. 

Amy mewed, "Oh yes!" as my hard cock slid against her sensitive clit.

She reached up with her hands and began pinching my nipples between her fingers. I had never realized how sensitive my nipples were until she did this. I could feel the tingling sensation clear to my cock. 

We were bouncing, grinding and fucking for several minutes when I could feel the cum rising from deep within my balls. I leaned forward even further because I wanted this hot little fuck to cum with me. 

Amy moaned and yelled, "Oh FUCK! I'm CUMMMMMMING!"

I growled and buried my cock in her pussy as I shot load after load deep into her. I then noticed the sucking feeling on my cock. Her pussy was actually contracting on my cock milking and massaging every last drop from me.

He legs dropped from around my waist and I stayed over her with my cock buried in her undulating pussy.

We were both glistening with sweat as she said, "Wow that was fucking wonderful."

I pulled out of her and sat down on the couch. She stayed in her prone position with her legs spread apart. I could see her gaping pussy with my cum dribbling out of it. My wife would never have let me see her like that. I was so exhilarating to see such an uninhibited woman.

I took a swig of my beer and lit a cigarette. She sat up, took the cigarette from me, and began smoking it. She then stood up and said, "I need a shower. Would you like to join me?"

I lit another cigarette and said, "You bet I would."

My wife and I had not showered together for nearly ten years. She thought she was to heavy and ugly now to be naked in the light with me. I have tried to slip into the shower with her on several occasions only to be told to get out. 

I followed Amy's swinging ass down a narrow hallway to the bathroom. She bent over to turn on the water and I noticed she had my cum running down her inner thigh.

As the water began steaming, she took one more drag from her cigarette and put it out. She stepped into the shower and motioned for me with her index finger. I quickly put out my smoke and stepped behind the shower curtain to join her.

She was soaping up a washcloth and asked, "Would you be a dear and wash me off?"

I could not believe it my cock was actually already beginning to get hard again. I grabbed the soapy washcloth and started at her shoulders and down her back. She stood there in the warm water letting it splash onto her tits. I worked on down to her delectable derriere and let the washcloth slip between her cheeks and on down to her pussy. She spread her legs so that I could more easily soap up her more private parts.

I dropped the washcloth in a decision made that this needed a more hands on approach. I let my hands spread the soap onto her ass. I let my hands next slip between her sudsy cheeks and ran my fingers across her puckered little hole. As my fingers grazed her, she moaned. I proceeded on between her legs to her smooth pussy. The combination of the cum running from her and the soap made her very slippery.

As I let my hand pull back between her cheeks, she turned to face me. I grabbed the soap and began soaping up the most beautiful set of tits I had ever seen in my life. They felt so wonderful I could not help but to trace soapy little circles around her nipples that quickly leapt to life and she moaned. I then let one hand fall to her pussy and let the slippery soap and cum mixture lubricate her hard little clit. I kept kneading and pinching her nipple while slowly massaging her clit.

She moaned, "Oh fuck yes that feels good."

She reached for my hard cock and began stroking it between us. We were letting the warm water cascade across us as we stood there masturbating each other. She was the first this time to moan, "Oh fuck I'm CUMMMMING!" Her knees buckled and she jerked against my hand. Her orgasm had forced more of my cum out of her pussy and I used it to keep massaging her clit until she quickly let out a "OOOOOHHHHHHH!" and came again.

She released my cock and turned back toward the water. 

We finished washing and rinsing then she turned off the water that was now quickly cooling off. She stepped from the shower and grabbed a towel and gave it to me and then she got one for herself. We dried off and she went out of the bathroom back into the hallway naked. I followed her also naked and with a still semi-rigid cock.

When we got to the kitchen, she turned to me and saw my cock sticking straight out from my groin, "Damn do you ever go soft?"

I replied, "I have not had sex like I have had with you in so long I have forgotten what it could truly be like."

She smiled as she walked over to me, "I have not had a big cock like yours in a long time either."

She wrapped her hand around my dick and pulled on it a few times then said, "I'm starved. Would you like something to eat? I mean we need to keep your strength up for the rest of the night."

I smiled and said, "Sure I could stand something to eat, and then I know what I want for dessert."

She smiled and turned to the refrigerator. She pulled out some eggs and bacon then went to a drawer and pulled out an apron.

She slid it over her head and tied it around her waist. She looked soooooo sexy with the bib apron on and her cute ass showing from behind. I had always wanted my wife to cook in the nude with only an apron on but she never did. She turned around and I stared at her large breasts barely contained by the small bib on the apron.

She glanced at my cock that was now fully erect. "I guess we better get to eating so you can get to dessert" She grinned.

She cooked a wonderful breakfast. We sat and ate and talked some more. My cock stayed hard from seeing one of my fantasies sitting in front of me in her apron.

She stood up and grabbed the dishes from the table. She walked to the sink and I got up to follow her. She turned back around and I was standing right behind her. I reached for her waist and lifted her to the counter. "Time for dessert now" I said as I looked into her eyes.

I pulled her tits from behind the bib and sucked a nipple into my mouth. I switched to the other one then pushed her massive tits together and sucked both nipples into my mouth at the same time. She groaned and then mewed. I laid her back onto the bar top, turned the bottom of the apron up, and kissed her inner thighs. I worked my way up to her smooth pussy and took a deep breath breathing in her scent. She pulled her legs up and spread them to give me full access. 
