 Here he was, tied down on the table. The table was padded, so he was moderately comfortable, but wouldn't be for long. His hands were tied above his head, pulled down slightly over the edge of the table. The wrists were looped together and the rope extended down and was tied into a ring on the floor. 

A soft rope, soft enough not to chafe but strong enough to hold him, was wrapped around each ankle and was strung upward and knotted through an eyelet in the ceiling so that his ass was lifted slightly off the table, about four inches. Each leg was tied outward so that his legs were extended in a wide V. This provided perfect access to all of his private, personal parts but afforded him the comfort so that he could stay in this position for as long as I wanted. 

He was only half hard, but I knew how to fix that. Since his balls, penis, and ass came to just the edge of the table, I had perfect and comfortable access to all. So I pulled up a chair in between his legs and proceeded to do what I know how to do best, get him hard. I used a chair so that I could take my time and be comfortable, after all, I was in charge this time. He had no say in the matter since I had placed a ball gag into his mouth and it was held into place with a leather strap tied behind his head. He was going nowhere and saying nothing unless I permitted it. I was getting wet already thinking of what I could do to him.

So I lifted his penis up away from his abdomen. It was still only half hard. I guess he was excited about this, but I wanted him more excited. I leaned in and extended my tongue and ran it up from his perineum, up along his ball sack, and licked all the way to the base of his cock. I felt him twitch when I did that. He must have liked that. I licked him that way several more times, and he twitched each time. His cock was getting harder and longer as I did so I knew he was enjoying this.

But it was time to get down to business; I wanted him as hard as he could get for what I planned for him. He had no idea. He would soon though. So I pulled his cock down lower and engulfed the entire thing all the way into my mouth and stayed there, with it all the way almost all the way to the start of my throat. He moaned though the gag. I know he likes that. I have used that technique many times and he has deposited his cum right down inside my throat so many times before. I pulled back almost all the way off his cock and then drove down all the way again. He moaned again. I was really getting wet now. I loved being able to please him so easily this way. But that was not what I had in mind for tonight, tonight was going to be special. We had always talked about pushing the limits and tonight was my turn.

So now he was completely hard, just the way I wanted him. I'll bet he thought I was going to suck him off until he came like I have done so many times, but he would be wrong. Not tonight, we are going to take it to a new level. Who knows if we will like it? Have to try it to find out. Isn't that what we always said to each other? Well tonight was my night to "try it". I was really getting wet thinking about it.

I kept stroking his cock slowly, have to make sure he stays hard, don't I? While stroking him slowly with my right hand, I reach down and grab the thick rubber band I had placed just under the table. I don't think he had noticed it. If he had, I wonder if he knew what I intended to do with it? I stretched the rubber band out and while holding it stretched out, I pulled it down onto his cock. I pulled it all the way down to the base of his cock and over his balls, and then I carefully released it so as not to hurt him. He might like a little pain, but letting it snap would probably be a bit much more pain than he cares for. It tightened around the base of his cock, below his balls. It made his balls stick up and out rather obscenely, but I liked the look.

I made sure the rubber band wasn't too tight so as to restrict the blood flow to his balls, which would be bad. But I wanted the blood engorged, hard penis to stay that way for as long as I wanted. The rubber band would keep the blood in his penis and restrict his urethra just enough to make it very difficult to ejaculate. This would allow me to keep him hard for as long as I wanted.

I was really getting wet now. All this control was really turning me on. I now know the thrill he finds in it. I didn't think I would be so turned on by this, but I am literally dripping down with my own juices. It is tickling my thighs dripping down. I can't help it, I reach down and play with myself, driving two fingers in and out of my drenching pussy. I almost come, but I am not ready to do that yet. So I lick my juices off my fingers, making sure he sees me doing it. I know how much that turns him on to see me do that. He moans a little. I think he is really enjoying this. 

I want to ride his cock a little, but I know I can't just do that with his ass lifted off the table like it is. I don't want to let him down yet, so I must think of another plan. I go grab a pillow from the bedroom and push it under his ass. That should give him enough support so I don't hurt him riding his cock. I then get up on the table and squat down, placing my pussy up against his gagged mouth. I wish he could use his tongue and lick me, but I guess you can't have everything. So I rub my pussy up against his gagged mouth instead, smearing his face with my pussy juice. I feel the ball gag rub up and down my cunt lips and against my clit and nearly come again almost instantly. But I don't want to yet, so I lift off his face and slide my body down his torso, smearing my pussy all over his chest and stomach as I go. His face looks all wet now. Wow, I didn't know I was that wet, I must be dripping by now. I rise myself up and reach down and grab ahold of his hard cock and place it at the entrance to my pussy.

I slam down hard, all the way down. I feel his balls that are pushed up by the rubber band press into my ass. Wow, that is an incredible feeling! His cock seems like it is about two inches longer than usual, I wonder if it is the rubber band or if he is just turned on that much. It doesn't matter, I am really getting into this. I raise up and slam all the way down again. He grunts as I do. I hope I didn't slam to hard into his balls! I look at this face and I can see nothing but frustrated, desire in his eyes. Oh what a lovely look for him! I wonder if he sees the same look in my eyes when it is his turn to be in charge?

I rise up and slam down over and over again. My god, I don't think I have been so turned on in my life! I know this is going to be a REALLY big orgasm and I will probably squirt out all over his cock and balls. But that is perfect for what I had in mind next, isn't it? 

I continue riding his cock, up and down, up and down. I feel the stars forming in my head, the feeling I get when I am about to come really hard. I raise up again and drop down and it hits me. I feel like an explosion is going off inside of me and I feel my pussy clamping down on his cock. I wonder if he is as close but not able to because of the rubber band? No matter, I will make it worth his while shortly. I do miss the feeling of him coming inside of me though while I orgasm.

I say down keeping his prick deep inside of me while my orgasm continues and my cunt milks his cock. I know this would push him over the edge normally, but not tonight. I have other plans for him tonight. Tonight, he is MINE to play with after all.

When my pussy finally finishes convulsing on his cock, I slide off. I slide up his body and kiss his face, all over. I tell him his turn is coming, so just be patient. I wonder how he will react to my plan? Only way to find out is to continue!

I walk around back down to between his legs. Wow, I really creamed his cock and balls! It is all glistening with my come. I know I come more than many women, but tonight I came so much it almost looks like I smeared his pelvic area with lubricant! That is good though. It works out in my plan. 

I sit back down on the chair between his legs and reach up and smear my juices all of his groin. I smear it all over his balls and continue smearing it on his perineum. It is really dripping down! I take his cock into my mouth again, this time not as far though. While sucking on his prick, I continue smearing my juice all over and down lower and against his asshole. He groans. He must like that! Good, because it is going to get a lot more kinky than that! Won't he be surprised at how kinky I get tonight! Well it is his fault after all, he introduced me to my kinky side. 

I continue stroking his cock with my right hand and sucking on the head and reach down with my left hand and extend my index finger and place it against his asshole. He feels it and groans a little. Or was that a moan? It is so hard to tell with that ball gag in his mouth. I push against his asshole and slide my finger inside up to the first knuckle. He moans again and I don't think there is any doubt that it was a moan this time. I pull my finger out almost all the way and pull my mouth off so that just the head is in my mouth. I engulf his cock about half way into my mouth and shove my finger back into his ass so that it is all the way in. I can't believe I did that! It is so kinky and it is really turning me on! He moans again, so he must be enjoying it also.

I continue lifting my head almost all the way off his prick and taking it back inside my mouth while pulling my finger from his ass and pushing it back in at the same time. He has his head raised and is watching me suck him off while finger-fucking his ass and I see nothing but pure lust in his eyes. I think if it wasn't for the rubber band, he would have come in my mouth already, but we are not done yet.

I then place my middle finger alongside my index finger and place it against his asshole. I lift my head off his cock and then take him deep inside my mouth, all the way down while pushing both fingers up his ass. He groans loudly this time. I hope I didn't hurt him! At least not more than he enjoys! With his cock all the way in my mouth and both fingers up his ass, I look up and see him looking down at me. He has that "I want to rape you silly" look on his face, so I know he is ok and enjoying this. Who would have known?

But now, it is time to take it to the next level. After all, I want to come again as well as make him come so hard he will shoot up into his own face. So I pull my mouth off him and my fingers out of his ass and I walk out of the room. I don't want him knowing what is going to happen until I am ready to show him, afterall. 

I go into the bedroom and open my dresser drawer and pull out the new toys I had bought. I was rather embarrassed when I had to buy these by myself, but it got me so wet doing it! I usually don't go and buy stuff like this without John with me because he seems so at ease doing it and it makes me feel more at ease. Besides, we always have such great sex right after we go!

So first, I grab the two vibrating eggs and sit on the edge of the bed, laying down. I place the first against my pussy and shove it in but pull it back out by the wire. After all, I need the lubrication to place it where I want to. I then place it against my own asshole and shove it firmly. It hurts a little as my asshole starts to give and let it in, but it slides in rather easily with all the pussy juice lubrication I have on it. I then grab the other and slide it deep inside my pussy. I grab the control and turn them both on and, wow, the feeling is so amazing that I nearly come instantly. But I turn them both off. 

Then I grab the harness and the dildo I got and place the dildo inside the harness. I bought it because it pretty much exactly the same size as John's cock. I slide it inside my pussy several times and can feel it bump against the egg inside of my pussy. Wow, that is an interesting feeling when it pushes the egg around inside me. But as soon as the dildo is really wet and slick with my juices, I place the harness against my pussy and pull the straps around and snug them up to hold the fake cock tightly against me. Now, with the eggs deep inside of my ass and pussy and a cock jutting out of my groin, I must really look like a slut. But I am, John's slut.

I walk back into the room and stop at the doorway. John hears me coming and looks over at me. He sees the prick sticking out of my groin and notices the wires leading to the remote. I'll bet he instantly knows what the wires are for! He eyes get big and the look on his face is precious. Is it dread? Lust? I hope it is lust! I have a little doubt right then and almost decide not to go through with this, but I have already come so far.

So I move the chair and get between his legs. It feels so weird with a cock hanging in front of me. I wonder if this is what it feels like for a guy with a cock? His cock, or course, is still hard because of the rubber band. I pat myself on the bag for such a wonderful idea of using the rubber band. I stroke my fake cock up and down and make sure it is still slick from my pussy juice. If it isn't, I am still dripping an awful lot, I know where I can get some more! It is still very slick though, so I don't need anymore. I grab the face prick and place the head of it against his asshole and look up at his face. He has his head lifted again, watching me with really wide eyes at what I am going to do. I'll bet he never expected this! 

It really is such a power. Now I have the cock and I will do the fucking! What a turn on! I look into his eyes and push my pelvis forward, placing a little pressure. It doesn't go in right away and I must hold it to keep it from squirming away off his asshole. I hold it there and push a little harder and look down. I see the head of the cock push into his asshole and stop. I look up to make sure it isn't hurting him too much. It shouldn't, he has fucked me up the ass a few times already! If I can take it, surely he can too. 

His eyes are wide but he doesn't look like he is in any real pain, so I push in a little more and the cock slides about half way in. Wow, that is really a kinky sight! I pull it almost all the way out and push my pelvis forward again, driving it a little more than half way. I think I should stay there for a few minutes so he can get used to my "prick" up his ass. I look up at him and grab his cock and stroke it a few times. He lays his head down and moans a little. I guess he is enjoying it so far!

I pull almost all the way out again and shove back in, this time a little harder. My "cock" goes in all the way up his ass. Wow, I did it! I leave it in all the way so that he can get used to it again. I stroke his cock a few times and he has a LOT of precum dripping out so he MUST be enjoying it. I pull about half way out and shove back in. He grunts a little. I remember grunting like that when he fucks me! Wow, this is really turning me on. I can feel my pussy dripping behind the harness and I haven't even turned on the eggs!

I pull out almost all the way and shove back all the way in. It is a good thing my pussy drips so much juice, or I would have had to buy a bottle of lubricant for this! I pull out again and shove it back all the way in. His eyes are closed by he is moaning every time I stroke in and out. I stroke his cock up and down and continue stroke my cock in and out. I grab the remote to the eggs and turn them both on. I feel them buzzing inside of me. I wonder if he feels it though my "cock"? 

I grab his waste with my left hand and his cock with my right and continue stroking him as I stroke my cock in and out. OMG, I am about to come again. This is SUCH a turn on. I wonder if a guy always feels this power when they fuck? 

I stop stroking both his cock and my cock just long enough to take the rubber band off his cock. Once I take it off, I toss it behind me and grab his cock and start stroking both cocks at the same time again. The eggs are driving me REALLY nuts and I am about to come really hard. I hope he comes at the same time, that would be so cool! I pull my cock almost all the way out and shove it back in hard, as hard as he pounds me when he fucks me. I grab both hands and fondle his balls and stroke his cock in time with my cock stroking into and out of his ass. I feel my orgasm building really fast. As my orgasm hits me, I shove my fake cock all the way in and hold it there and stroke his cock quickly with my hand. 

He grunts very loudly and I see his come shooting out of his prick making a really high arch and hitting his face, just across his nose. I feel his cock pulse again and another rope of semen shoots out and up but with a little less strength and lands on his chest. He pulses again and this time it barely reach his stomach. His cock twitches in my hand a few more times, but it just barely dribbles out of his cock slit. I stroke his cock milking the last of it and he moans. I know how sensitive he gets right after coming sometimes and I know this feels so good to him it actually hurts a little. I don't want to overdo it, so I stroke a couple more times and stop. I look up at his face and his eyes are closed. I hope he didn't pass out! That would be so cool if he did, but scary too. He opens his eyes and looks down at me.

I take the harness off and pull the eggs from my holes and go up to his head. I take the ball gag out and kiss him hard, shoving my tongue into his mouth. I then pull my face back a little and ask in him "Was that good? It wasn't too much, was it?"

He looks at me with that eternal love look in his eyes and says "Just wait until it is MY turn. Wow, that was kinky. But I think I can top that!"

I can't help but feel a little scared now, but the tingle in my pussy tells me I will enjoy it!