 After my first year of college, I was in serious trouble. I was taking pre-med classes and needed to take organic chemistry again in the fall. This was because I was about to flunk it, and my professor allowed me to take an incomplete instead of failing me.

So I went back home for the summer to work with my friends at a landscaping company and knew that had to somehow get help with organic chemistry. 

When I was younger, my next door neighbor, Paulina, babysat me. She not only was my favorite babysitter but also was funny and beautiful. She was seven years older than me and had medium-length straight light blonde hair, light blue eyes, long legs, and a slight build (she was a runner). As you can tell, I had a BIG crush on her. 

When she used to baby-sit me, she always liked to call me her "boyfriend" and would be very touchy. We would hug, have tickle fights, play games like Twister, and even cuddle up next to each other to watch tv. We got along so well. 

In time, she got a scholarship to attend a great college in the south. She always wanted to be a doctor. After she left, we didn't really see each other. 

Well, I ran across her mother early in the summer and learned that Paulina was back in the area again. This time she was going to medical school. Her mother suggested that I call her to say "hi," and ask her if she knew anyone who could tutor me in organic chemistry. As you can guess, I jumped at the chance.

Paulina was great on the phone. Just as funny as she used to be. I told her about my situation, and she offered to tutor me herself. We worked out a schedule and saw each other a week later.

I went to her apartment, and she opened the door. Wow, she looked just as beautiful as I had remembered. Her hair was still light blond and her eyes sparkled, but she looked a little shorter than I remembered. I now was a little taller than she was. Paulina was wearing green sweatpants, running sneakers, and an old blue t-shirt. It was difficult not to stare at her.

She sat me down on her couch, offered me a drink, and kept telling how good it was to see me and that I really had grown up. As she was talking to me, she kept touching my knee and inching closer to me. It felt so normal. We talked and reminisced. She asked me if I had remembered the games that we had used to play together. I told her how much fun I had playing them. She asked if we could play a game as a study break, and I leapt at the opportunity. 

After an hour of organic chem, she pulled out Twister. We handed the spinner to each other and told the other person what to do. In no time, we were knotted together. I was above her with a great view of her crotch. She was in a crab position looking at my crotch of my shorts. For my next move, I had to reach between her legs and rubbed against her inner thigh. This got me. I felt my dick get hard. Paulina, then noticed it, and joked how I had really grown up. We laughed and kept playing. 

Eventually, her butt was right below my crotch. She them decided to brush her ass against my erection. We both became really quiet as she did this. She then kicked my leg out, and we landed on top of each other. She turned over and our eyes met. We slowly leaned closer to each other and kissed.   

As we kissed more and more, we really began grinding against each other. She flipped me over and straddled my hips. She then stopped kissing my lips and began playfully kissing down my torso and pulling off my shirt. This went on for a while until she hesitated and then began kissing my shorts. It felt great, and I slowly squirmed out of my shorts. Luckily enough my sweat made my underwear stick to the shorts so they both came off at once. 

She stopped kissing me when she saw my erect cock. It must have surprised her to see it. The kid that she used to baby-sit, was older, naked under her, and had a pretty large penis waiting for her. She didn't say a word, but started lightly kissing my cock. In time, she sucked it a little and then sucked it a lot while jacking me off. It took all my willpower not to cum right there and then. 

I was so curious to see what my crush looked liked naked. I had dreamed of her for years and always wanted to have sex with her. The first time that I had masturbated, I thought of Paulina. Now I was flipping her over so that I could devour her.

I knelt between her legs, leaned forward so that my hands were on either side of her shoulders, and then let my knees slide down to her knees. She could feel part of my weight on her and my erect cock rubbing against her crotch.

We kissed together. I kissed down her clothed torso, and then pulled off her shirt. I vividly remember how floored I was when I saw her breasts. I didn't know what I was expecting but was fascinated by her small pale breasts and light pink nipples. That really started my LOVE of nipples. I circled her nipples with my tongue and then lapped at them at she rang her fingers through my hair.

In time, she kicked off her sneakers and slid out of her sweatpants. I began kissing lower, over her gray cotton panties, and saw this soaking wet area over her vagina. I kissed and licked her inner thighs, and she began pulling down her panties. 

I had two sexual partners before that night, and neither of them was blonde. I guess that I expected her pubic hair to be light blonde like the hair on her head but it was light brown. I looked up at her, and she was staring at me with these big blue eyes. Our eyes met, and then I started lightly licking her clit. When I looked up again, Paulina’s head was tilted back, her eyes were closed, she was smiling, and her right fingers were playing with her left nipple. My licks became larger and larger until I could really taste her wetness and stick my tongue just into her opening. My middle finger eventually slid in and out of her, and my fingertip pressed and circled her g-spot as my tongue played with her clit.

This all got to be too much for Paulina, so she quickly stood up, ran to the bedroom, came back, laid me on my back, and ripped open a condom. Her fist jacked my erect cock a few times, she licked the pre-cum of the tip, and pulled the condom down my swollen cock. She then straddled my hips, gave me a long kiss, then guided my cock to her wet opening. 

She slowly sat down on my cock. Letting it in an inch, popping up, then easing down on another inch of it. I felt her wetness dripping down my cock as she kept repeating her motions until she had at least three-quarters of my cock in her. I then grabbed her hips and slowly began thrusting my cock in and out of her pussy. She made soft, high-pitched moans with each thrust. Her left forefinger slipped into my mouth as her left fingers rubbed her firm clit. We got really good at that, and then my thumbs and forefingers rubbed her swollen nipples as her hands grabbed my hairy chest so that she could brace herself to rock back and forth on my cock. 

I pulled her off my fat cock, gave her a long kiss, and knelt her in front of the couch. He knees wee on the rug and arms were on the couch, as I straddled her legs from behind. My cocktip was rubbing against her clit until her hand guided my cock into her pussy. She commanded me to enter her slowly. She was incredibly wet and gasped as I slid a little bit into her and then out, and then in again. After a few minutes she had almost all of me in her. I slowly slid the last inch in as she reached back to grasp my legs and grit her teeth. When I was all in, we didn’t move as my cock throbbed and her vagina spasmed. She then said, “now!” I slowly slid almost all the way out and then back in. Paulina screamed, “oh fuck!” I repeated the thrust over and over again, each time a little faster. We both were swearing and yelling. I leaned over and held her breasts from behind as one of her hand found her clit. She rubbed her clit quickly and hard, and I made sure that she could feel every inch of me. She then yelled that she was coming. Her pussy clinched me harder than a fist. 

She had a long orgasm, quickly slid off my cock, and sat on the couch with her legs open and out. I slid my cock back in Paulina’s pussy as we moaned in pleasure. My arms held her legs up, and my cock thrust deep in her, as she squeezed my nipples while demanding for me to cum. I soon nodded that I was about to cum. She pulled my cock out of her, tore off the condom, and viciously jacked my cock. My cocktip swelled, I moaned, and her fist kept jacking my cock until I shot cum all over her. A little hit her hair and cheek, and line of cum went down her chest, and a puddle of cum was on her stomach. She massaged the cum all over on her left nipple and then leaned up to kiss me.   

That was the first wonderful night of probably my best summer ever.