 So, John Morgan...wow. I couldn't believe I was actually about to go home with Johnny Morgan. He's almost legendary on this campus. He's one of those guys that all the girls wanna fuck. And many of them have. He's had his way with more girls here than anyone can count. And lets face it, I'm no different, I wanted to fuck him too. Most popular guy, good looking, great body. Not to mention rumor has it he's got a big dick and knows how to use it. I've been wishing I could climb on top of him for 2 years now, ever since I first saw him when I was a freshman. I guess maybe it was my tight shirt stretched over my boobs, or maybe he'd heard a little about me too, I don't know, but he made his move on me pretty quick tonight. He came over to me and started buying me drinks and chatting me up almost as soon as I walked in the bar. So when he whispered in my ear that we should go back to his house and hang out alone, I was hooked. I knew what he really wanted from me, and I was sure he thought he was gonna get it. I've heard the stories about him too, that he didn't waste much time on girls, that he just uses them, etc. He knows any girl he takes home better be ready to fuck, and I've heard he's thrown girls out of his house if they tried to play coy. So what, I thought. I was pretty drunk, and I was dying to get my hands on his body and fuck him too. And I was determined to make sure he remembered me after this.

I got in the car first, and as soon as he got in, he leaned over, grabbed the side of my face, and kissed me deeply, just for a few seconds. He let go, looked me right in the eyes, and said "let's go have some fun" and smiled. The sexiest, dirtiest smile I could ever remember. Oh my god! I had crazy electricity running through my body, I felt like I was on fire. I could barely breath I was so turned on. We started to drive, and I couldn't control myself, I had to have more. I leaned over and put my lips on his neck and started to gently kiss and lick him. I could hear him start to breathe heavily, and I moved closer. I reached over and put my hand on his chest and slowly slid my fingers up and down. I could feel his chiseled body, and I grew hotter and hotter. I moved my lips closer to his, and he turned to meet me and thrust his tongue inside my mouth, and we began kissing passionately. 

Losing control, I reached my hand between his legs and started grabbing at his cock through his pants. It was getting bigger and harder with every squeeze. With my hand on his cock and my tongue in his mouth, he nearly drove off the road. He stopped the car, pulled my hand off of him, and pushed me back to my side of the car. I didn't even know where the fuck I was. I was in another world. He stared at me, looked me in my eyes, then down to my lips, past my tits, and all the way down my body. He brought his eyes back to mine again, and gave me that devils smile again. Holy shit, I wasn't sure what I was getting into, but I was sure I was going to get fucked good, and I was dripping wet waiting for it.

We were only a minute or two away from his house, so I tried to gain my composure while we finished the ride. He pulled in the driveway, and we walked towards the house. My heart was starting to race again. He opened the door, and I walked in ahead of him. Before I even heard the door shut, I felt his hands on my hips. He spun me around, and pushed me against the wall. He grabbed my hands and lifted them over my head, and he started kissing me. He held my hands tightly above me, and began sucking on my neck, up and down, from side to side, pausing to kiss me, gently sometimes, sometimes biting on my lower lip. He pushed his body against mine, pinning me to the wall, with his knee between my legs. I couldn't help but grind my pussy against it, driving me wild. He let go of my arms, and grabbed both sides of my face and started thrusting his tongue down my throat. I put my hands on his back and ran them up and down his body. With his tongue still all over my lips and neck, he put his hands down to my waist, and up my shirt. He squeezed my tits in his hands, and gently played with my stiff nipples. I was dry-humping his leg so hard I nearly made myself cum. I wanted his dick inside of me so badly, and we still had all of our clothes on. 

I managed to push him away for a second, and I grabbed his shirt and yanked it over his head. He stood before me, and I swear I drooled a little bit looking at his sexy, ripped body. He pushed right back up against me, kissing me, groping me. I felt his hand back down around my waist, and he unbuttoned my jeans. My heart jumped. He stopped kissing me for a second, only to hover his lips right next to mine, staring into my eyes, as he slid his hand down the front of my pants. He went right under my panties, and when his strong fingers brushed my clit, I shuddered. He moved alongside me, turned my head to the side, and put his mouth up to my ear. As he began to breathe heavily into my ear, he slid two fingers inside of me, slowly, and rubbed the inside of my pussy back and forth. I began to moan, desperately. He pushed both fingers all the way up inside me, and began fucking me, first gently, then harder, and harder. I started pushing back against his fingers, grinding my clit against his hand, while he pumped in and out of me. He began whispering in my ear, asking me if I liked it. I whimpered yes, as I moaned and writhed. Then he asked me if I wanted his cock, and I said yes. 

I guess I didn't say it how he wanted, so he buried his fingers all the way inside of me, and pulled my face right up to his. He pulled my hair back, and demanded I tell him how badly I wanted his dick. I was so fucking wet and horny and ready to cum, I would have done anything. So I shoved my tongue down his throat and kissed him, hard. I reached down and pushed my pants and my underwear down around my ankles, took my tongue out of his mouth and yelled in his face "Now put your fucking cock inside of me and fuck me!!"

He grabbed my hips and swung me around so I was facing the wall. He pushed my face up against it, and slapped my ass hard. I could hear him fumbling with his zipper, and I waited impatiently for him to pull down his pants. Suddenly his rock hard dick was against my lips and I felt it pop inside of my pussy. Holy shit it felt good. It was so thick and hard. My pussy was so wet and loose yet I could still feel it struggling to take it all. I bent over and lowered my head, as he grabbed my hips and started fucking me slowly. I could feel every inch of him stretching my pussy open, as he slid his cock all the way inside, then pulled it slowly, all the way back. I was panting, and my pussy was on fire. I'd been hot and bothered since he first kissed me back in the car, over an hour ago. He had been kissing me, touching me, teasing me, fingering me for so long I was ready to fucking explode. I wanted to cum. I had to cum so badly. I started pushing my ass back towards him, taking his cock deeper and deeper, hoping he'd take the hint and give it to me harder. 

He took his hand and pulled my hair, arching my back up. He undid my bra with his other hand, and my big tits fell free. He pushed my head back down, and reached out with both hands and wrapped them around my tits. He squeezed them in his big hands, and started to fuck me harder and faster, pulling me into him. He pinched my nipples with one hand, and reached up and put his fingers in my mouth with the other. I sucked on them ravenously, as he fucked me harder and harder. I was in another world, like an animal. All I wanted was more of his cock, for him to fuck me harder and harder. I started moaning louder and louder, and he put his hands back on my hips, dug his fingers into my sides, and began to fuck me violently, his fat cock attacking my pussy over and over. He pulled my head up again, yelling "How does that dick feel, hunh? You love when I fuck your pussy like this?"

I started screaming "yes, yes, I love your fucking fat cock!" That must have drove him crazy because he started banging me so hard I could barely stand up. I braced myself against the wall, and felt my body shuddering. I reached between my legs and started rubbing my clit while he hammered away at my pussy. I started screaming "fuck me, fuck the shit out of me!" And he was like a man possessed, he just kept fucking me and fucking me, and I started to cum. "Oh god I'm cumming, keep fucking me, please!" I started screaming, begging him to keep fucking me. 

He never slowed down, and I kept cumming and cumming, I can't even remember how many times. I slumped forward against the wall, exhausted, his hard dick still inside me. He pulled it out of me, and grabbed my hand, turned me around, and pushed me down to my knees. He held my hands up, and pushed his cock into my mouth. I was spent, but I was still so horny and I wanted to make him cum like never before. I sucked his cock with all I had, and I could tell he was losing his mind. I ran my lips all over it, and I jerked him off in my mouth. Finally he grabbed me by the head and started to fuck my mouth, and I knew he was close. I pushed his hands off of me, and wrapped my lips tightly around his cock and started sucking it furiously. He was moaning louder and louder, and finally he pulled his dick out of my mouth and he came. He came all over my lips, inside my mouth, on my tits. 

He collapsed to his knees, panting heavily, and slumped against me on the wall. We gathered ourselves after a few minutes, and fumbled back up off the floor, realizing we'd never even gotten our pants off. Or closed the front door.