 We had been swimming and sunning ourselves all day in the warm tropical heat at the local 4 star hotel on the harbour. My cock had started to become semi rigid in my swimmers as I discreetly watched you while you were reading on the sun lounge by the pool. You looked dropped dead gorgeous with your tanned curvaceous body encased in a black one piece. Looking past my sunglasses I caught sight of your shimmering eyes, beautiful face and dark shoulder length hair. I longed to peel off your one piece and gently nuzzle your neck and then lick and suck her breasts whilst the sun and sea breeze caressed our skin. Knowing that only after a little foreplay in the sun your tight pussy would be wet and aching for me to fuck you again.

Our sex life was so frenetic due to extended absences that my mind was imbued with memories of many hot encounters we had. Putting down my book I closed my eyes and reminisce about the hot sex we had earlier in the morning..... 

Waking early from the strong sun streaming in from the hotel windows, I felt your warmth as you spooned next to me under the fresh crisp linen sheets. I gazed upon you as you slept - admiring your sensual curvaceous shape. Your breasts rising gently in concert with your breathing. I gently pulled your hair back and start kissing and nibbling on your neck and sucking your earlobe whilst running my nails gently over your back and down to your sexy bottom. Squeezing both your ass cheeks and moving gently side wards to nudge my now erect cock against your warm cheeks. I reached round and started caressing your left breast feeling the nipple becoming erect You gently roll towards me and spreads your legs enjoying the light caresses and knowing that we will pick-up from where we left off last night. I run my hands gently up and down your thigh and stomach feeling your tummy muscles flutter to my light touch. Your skin is soft and as I lift the covers and I can smell your heady sexual scent . Your sweet sex smell makes my nostrils flare and my cock twitch. My palm encases your neatly shaven vulva and fingers gentling begin playing with your pussy lips running my forefinger up and down your slightly moist lips. You normally enjoy one then two fingers moving insider you alternately flicking and rubbing your G spot. However I decide rather than start to finger fuck you, I want to taste your pussy after I shaved you. 

I ease down and start nibbling on your pussy lips. Gently tonguing your wet slit and sliding my tongue along your wet sensitive folds. Your pussy responds with your labia engorging and slightly parting and you grope for my cock which is hard and oozing pre-cum. We both turn sideways and as I start eating your pussy more forcefully as you grab my cock and starts stroking it. 

I pull your pussy lips apart with my fingers and swirl my tongue around licking your clit lightly and listening to your breathing as it quickens under my touch. You are getting wetter now and gently moaning, grabbing and wanking my cock but equally finding it hard to concentrate on both activities. I guide your hands to my balls and you gently massage them while I continue to eat you. I continue running my tongue slowly up and down your moist lips and flicking my tongue incessantly over your hard clit. I love licking and sucking on your pussy sometimes teasing you close to orgasm and then starting again. But this time you won't let me make you come with my mouth. You want my cock and you want to be fucked. However I want to feel your tongue and mouth on my cock. Please suck my cock... I gasp I love the way you fellate me wanking and sucking me alternately and running the tip of your tongue over my cock shaft and head. 

I straighten up on the bed and lay on my back. You curl over me and start wanking me again with long hard strokes and then take my hard cock into your mouth. I feel your warm moist mouth sucking and your tongue swirling over my cock. Pure ecstasy. Your warm wet mouth blowing me slowing makes my cock engorged and straining to fuck you. 

As you lay on your side with your knees bent your pussy and ass are easy access to my right hand. I snake my hand between your warm wet cheeks and run my finger from your tight sensitive ass around to your wet pussy. Your bottom spasms as I lightly graze my digit around your tight opening. I slowly insert my middle finger in your wet pussy and start finger fucking you from behind. I can feel your soft wet lips sucking on the head of my cock and your hand is kneading my balls. After sucking on my cock, you start wanking me again slowly and then you lean back. I remove my hand from your pussy and caress both your breasts whilst kissing your neck. I look up from the bed and see your reflection in the mirror. You look absolutely gorgeous, your nipples erect as you gently pump my hard cock with your hand. My cock is straining and very hard and I feel I could cum in your hands. Using my self-control, I take your hand off my cock but as I am yearning to feel the pleasure your wet warm tight pussy. I beckon you to ride me. 

You eagerly climb onto me rubbing the tip of my cock all over your wet shaven slit. Teasing me by flicking the head of my cock up and down your lips Slowly you rub my cock around your clit and down to your opening. The extended foreplay has made you so wet that your pussy juice has leaked all over your inner thighs. Slowly you lower yourself down as I ease my hard cock into your wet pussy, parting your lips and you start riding me in long gentle thrusts. I love the feeling of you fully impaled on my cock, deep inside of you and I grasp and squeeze your ass cheeks and then pull you down so I can lick both your lovely breasts while you ride me. 

As you start fucking me grinding your pubis into mine, I grasp both your swaying breasts and squeeze them together sucking and lick your erect red nipples and aerolas. Your nipples are sensitive and hard and lick them alternatively, cupping and caressing your large breasts. You reach back and massage my balls. I feel your wetness seeping out over my balls as your ass rhythmically rides on my thighs and I continue to thrust my cock deep into your pussy increasing the tempo. 

As our thrusting continues you start increasing your pace thrusting harder as your orgasms builds. Your clit is poking out of it's hood and I take one head from your breasts and start rubbing your clit with my thumb. My cock is sliding deep within you, I look into your eyes and smile knowing how much we enjoying fucking each other and the myriad of positions and places we use to cum. 'Come on babe fuck me harder', I growl pushing back on every thrust as your rise me deep.

My orgasm is starting to build as well as I get hotter from sucking and fucking you. Now you are riding me hard bucking forward whilst I continue rubbing your erect clit. I can feel the heat generated in your thighs and wet slapping of your cheeks on my thighs. As you get close to cumming you fuck me harder and faster moaning and pushing your breasts into my mouth. I feel your pubis grinding into me from your hard thrusts. I move my hand back up to cup your breasts together and I start flicking my tongue over your two nipples alternatively feeling your soft protruding nipples in my mouth. I feel your pussy start to spasm and you moan loudly bucking hard You thrust forward several times more, moaning, with deep thrusts back arched as an orgasm pulses through your body. A heady laughter emanates from you with a big relaxed smile as you start slowing down and enjoying the ripples of smaller lesser orgasms cascading through your body. 

My cock is still very hard as I enjoy watching and feeling you cum and I fold my arms around your back and bring you closer to me. As come down from your high and our fucking slows to a rocking motion with my cock still deeply embedded in your wet tight pussy. I wish I could stay connected to you as we love our snug moist fit. 

You know what I want - so you climb off and turn around, kneeling on all fours, arching your back, wiggling your sexy bottom and lewdly exposing your just fucked pussy and ass. I can smell your sex and it drives me wild when I see your exposed pussy and ass in this position. I climb up behind you and rub my hard erect cock across your freshly fucked slit - all moist and open. I plunge my cock into you and start pumping you feeling my cock glide deep again into your warm wet hilt. You reach back and start massaging my heavy balls and commence pushing back against my cock. I hear you moan again as I increase my thrusts as I grab your ass and caress your bottom cheeks. I can feel my balls starting to retract as my orgasm builds. I look down as see your full breasts swinging to rhythm of my thrusts and I start rubbing your ass and lower back marvelling at your hot sensuous body - A truly magnificent and erotic sight. As my orgasm starts to build I lean over again start massaging your breasts as you look forward into the mirror and see fucking you hard behind thrusting my hips wildly forward and plunging my hard cock deep within your pussy. 

Our thrusting continues in a fast rhythm my cock sliding in and out from your pussy from behind. Your hand moves from my balls to your clit and you start rubbing your pussy squeezing your clit between two fingers. I catch a glimpse of your face in the mirror. Your mouth is open, your back arched, your breast swaying to out thrusts and I can see another orgasm ripple through your body. My cock now is ready to explode as I have let this orgasm slowly build from your tongue, hand, pussy on me and now finally now fucking you hard from behind. I feel quite animalistic and primitive driven by desire as I pump your pussy from behind and watching my cock disappear into your pussy spreading your wet lips apart.

Finally I cannot hold back any longer and I start cumming, my cock spurting hot semen into your wet tight pussy. Electric shocks are travelling from my balls up my spine and flashes are passing through the backs of my eyes as I arch my back and enjoy the pleasure of a long built-up orgasm ripping through my body. My cock and body continue to spasm in unison at the force of my orgasm and I groan loudly in response to the release as I continue to thrust deeply into your pussy. My hips are thrusting wildy pushing my cock deep into your pussy. As I come down from my high, I continue to slowly thrust into your tight pussy. All the nerve endings in the head of my cock are alive and feeling the wet warm sensation of gliding in your wet sex. Slowly my cock goes limp and my orgasm subsides. I begin to retract my cock and linger with my head encased in your wet lips feeling your delicates folds. Looking down, I marvel at your curves and the slight sheen on your back from our long hard fuck. I lean forward and kiss your neck and shoulders and I lay back down next you on the bed stroking your body running my hand from bottom along your breasts to your cheek happy with the sexual fulfilment we bring to each other, the air heady from the pungent sensual smell of sex and sweat