 When I was a little girl, I had the most intricate doll house that I had received for my birthday one year. I played with it often, although to me it was more like a simulation of my future than a game. I decorated with involved precision, made sure that everything was in place, and I even dressed the doll that was meant to represent myself in clothes that I would wear. The doll was just the beginning of a dream that one day would become very real - and was much more wonderful than I could had ever imagined. My doll had two boyfriends, and they were all very much in love. 

You might be thinking - two boyfriends? - how could one possibly maintain such a complex and emotionally trying relationship? It can be hard at times; however, the intimacy of the whole thing makes up for any minor disagreement we may encounter. Also, two dicks are better than one, especially for me. I would certainly rather be looking at it than looking for it, and I didn't have to look far.

"Babe, have you seen my black dress shirt? You know, the one that I usually wear with the paisley tie?" asked Josh. He was always losing things, but I was happy to be the navigator in his sea of lost items and forgotten appointments. I grabbed the shirt out of the dryer and handed it to him as I walked briskly to the kitchen to prepare breakfast for us. 

"Thanks, you're the best" he replied, shirt in hand. He had the sliest smile, it always caught me off guard, no matter how many times I saw it in a day. 

I walked back into the kitchen and placed a skillet on the stove. I pulled a carton of eggs and a stick of butter out of the refrigerator. It felt like a French toast sort of day. Josh walked up behind me brandishing only his boxers and socks, wrapping his arms around my waist and planting a warm, wet kiss on the back of my neck. 

"Mmm" I moaned, as he slid a hand into the elastic band of my panties, gently teasing the lips of my pussy. I turned around abruptly and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Hurry up and shower, Liam will need to take one as well before work!" I said playfully, I could never be too mad at him. He went in the bathroom and shut the door, I heard the water begin to run. 

Thoughts of his naked, wet body began to dance around in my head, distracting me from my cooking. The butter I placed in the skillet began to melt, and I already had the mixture to dip my bread in made. I decided to leave the kitchen for a moment to wake up Liam. Oh, Liam. Such a gorgeous figure to look upon. 

I walked into the bedroom, the light coming through the blinds cast a lovely collection of lines diagonally across his body. Sandy blonde hair shining in the bit of sunshine, his sleeping face matched that of an angel. He was completely naked, his genital area covered by a small piece of the crumpled up white sheet on our bed. The bed looked so inviting, but I needed to stay on task; the boys needed to get to work on time today, with their bellies full. 

I leaned over him and whispered "good morning", planting a light kiss on his forehead. He grumbled a bit and rolled over, revealing his "morning wood". This made me giggle, but also stirred a longing within me that I knew I had to keep in control. "It's time to wake up" I told him, a little more sternly this time. He opened his eyes, their warm hazel color reminded me of coffee. Coffee... I forgot about my breakfast! Ugh, I told myself I would try to stay on task. As I started to half run to the kitchen, Liam grabbed me firmly from behind and placed me on his lap. Wearing my sheer white lace gown and a white thong, I knew I was tempting the boys, but I like to tease them. 

"I have to go, Liam, I have breakfast on the..." I ended my sentence with a long, irrepressible moan as he grasped one of my breasts in each hand and squeezed tightly. I tried to wiggle free of his grasp, but he only held on tighter. We began to wrestle playfully, pushing all the blankets and sheets into the floor, but our play was interrupted. Josh walked into the room with a towel around his waist. His jet-black hair dripping wet from his shower, his commanding presence brought the room to a warm silence.  

"You know, you're going to burn the house down one day!" he said to me in a very serious tone, although I could tell he was trying to keep a smile from taking over his face. "I turned the burner off. I guess I'll pick up something on my way to the office!"

Liam retorted with a "I'm sorry, we were just playin'", grabbing me firmly by the ass while I laid across his chest. Liam and I looked up at Josh lovingly. "Yeah, Josh, we were just playing" I said warmly. He smiled and laughed a bit, "we don't have much time to play, Liam and I are due at the office in 45 minutes!

I stood up to face my partner. Standing at around six three, I always found myself looking up at him. I think his height adds a lot of his commanding presence. I shimmied out of my gown. Now standing in only my little white thong, I was the center of attention. I could feel Liam's eyes burning into my backside, he has always loved my ass. They both do. I grabbed Josh's hands and backed into the bed, leading him to it. I sat down on Liam's lap, and he wrapped his big arms around me, his bare torso warm against my back. 

"Annie, we're going to be late..." Josh moaned as I grabbed ahold of his cock, teasing it with my hand. Liam rubbed my pussy though my panties gently with one finger, while kissing the back of my neck and my ear lobes. Both Liam and I looked up at Josh longingly, and while he returned a look of seriousness, he shut his eyes as I slid him into my mouth. There is nothing more exciting than feeling two hard cocks in your presence, one for each hand, one for each hole... well, almost. I went to town on Josh's cock, sucking sloppily and loudly while playing with his balls, and rubbing his taint gently with my free hand. I was beginning to long for Liam now, so I pulled josh from my mouth and pounced on my other lover. 

I laid Liam down on his back, and began kissing his neck and playing with his hair. He moaned loudly in response, he was very vocal during playtime and I was very fond of this. As I worked my way down his body with gentle bites, pinches, and kisses, Josh stood over us, stroking his wet cock intently, patiently waiting for his turn. He laid down beside Liam, and I fell over myself kissing, licking and grabbing cocks. I would take one into my mouth for a moment, then the other, listening to the boys' moan, and feeling my pussy get wetter and wetter with each passing moment. I laid down between them and relaxed my body as I felt the army of hands running over my body, then the mouths, kissing and licking and playfully biting. I finally opened my eyes and saw Josh working his way down to my pussy. I love oral sex, maybe more than most -

He pushed his nose between my lips and spread me apart. He looked down at me longingly, stroked my wet pussy with his hand, and with his free hand, stroked his cock. He dove in with this tongue, not missing an inch of my pussy. Meanwhile, Liam made out with me passionately, his hands all over me, grabbing and massaging. I writhed with pleasure as the boys prepared me for what I knew would be a wonderful little session of double penetration; my favorite sexual pastime of all. 

I laid back on the bed and let the boys take turns penetrating me in the missionary position, while one would fuck me, the other would watch, playing with their cock. I grabbed them and pulled them into me with force, feeling them fill me up entirely. I began to scream with pleasure as the cocks hit all the right spots. It felt like so long had passed since we'd fallen into the bed, and I didn't want to make them late. While Liam was on top of me, he grabbed me by the hips and rolled me over to my perch on top of him. I loved straddling him, and looking down at him while I rode his cock. I rode him fast for a moment, grabbing at the mattress for dear life as his dick touched every part of my insides. I spit on my fingers and rubbed them on my clit gently while his dick went in and out. I called for Josh, it was time for my special gift.

Josh climbed on the bed behind me, grabbing my ass and spreading apart the cheeks. He began to lick my asshole, taking his tongue around the rim with quick, but precise circles. Liam's dick continued to fill me to the brim and make me moan, I couldn't wait to have them both. Josh got behind me and teased my asshole with the tip of his cock. With every bounce off of Liam's cock, Josh's would go a little deeper inside my ass until finally, it was all the way in. There is honestly no time I feel more like an animal then when I'm filled to the brim with juicy, thick dicks, and I was finally there. 

I love the feeling of being sandwiched between two sexy men, feeling their sweaty bodies pressed against my skin has always been a favorite past time. They were both fucking me full force at this point, entering me at almost the exact same time. Their rhythm got entirely in sync, and I felt myself reaching climax. "I want to be full of cum, boys" I stated in an exasperated voice through gritted teeth. I could barely keep my eyes open, the force of their cocks brought me the purest, most concentrated pleasure. 

I could feel Josh's cock swell, he grabbed my ass tight and pushed into me as hard as he could. I felt his cum fill my ass as he let out a grunt of ecstasy. I looked back at him eagerly, watching the smile on his face spread wider as he threw his head back and moaned. He kept himself inside me, and reached around me and teased my nipples gently as I continued to ride Liam. This extra stimulation brought me to the edge, and I began to bob up and down on his rod much faster as I screamed. "I love when I get to cum on your big juicy cock, baby" I said betwixt my moaning and drooling. 

This display was certainly overwhelming to Liam. With a beautiful woman climaxing on top of his member, and a handsome man behind her still filling her ass with the same, how could he refrain? He closed his eyes and released his sweet honey into my thirsty pussy. I filled up quickly, but wanted more. I had cum oozing out of both holes, but I wished the third matched. 

Josh, now laying beside Liam and I, looked at us both lustfully. I hopped off of Liam's dick and placed it in my mouth, taking the last bit of his cum. I let it ooze out of the sides of my mouth, sliding down my face onto my breasts. I flopped down between them on the crumpled sheets. As our chests heaved and we smiled at each other, I remembered something of importance. 

"Boys, you're late!"