 ( Moving up and out )

It took two weeks for me to move my stuff over to Andy's place. The conversation with my parents went about as expected. There was a mix of worry and relief for them. It would be a change for me to be gone, but at the same time, I knew they would be happy to have the house to themselves. This was going to be my first day not going home to them and to my new place instead, to live. I was excited and nervous at the same time, and it was all I could think about at work. 

"There you are!" Leslie said as she came into the break room. "Matt and Skylar are having like a hangout, get together kind of thing. Matt said, Skylar wants you to come but doesn't know how you feel about it."

"A get-together, you mean a party?" I asked.

"Kind of, but everyone has to have a date with them," Leslie clarified. 

"I can go. I thought Skylar was mad at me for not wanting to date," I explained.

"I'm sure he still wants to get in your pants anyway," Leslie laughed. "Isn't that what guys always want?"

"I guess that's true," I answered, trying to think back. It was getting more difficult to remember how I use to think when I was a guy. "When is it, anyway?" I asked.

"This weekend," Leslie answered. "Oh, and they want to talk to you in the manager's office," she added, before leaving.

As I walked down to the office, I wondered what I had done to get myself in trouble. My general manager was waiting for me as well as a woman that I didn't know. I closed the door at his instruction and took a seat. 

"Hi, Jenny, my name is Janice," she introduced. "I caught myself up on your record and history just so you know, but I'm not here to discuss that. Before you went through your ordeal, you had submitted an interest to move up in the company, is that correct?"

"Yes," I answered.

"Good. We are currently looking for candidates for management and have classes starting soon. They last for eight weeks and requires both classroom time and field time, both of which will require some traveling. Then, depending on how you do in training, we will assign a management position or return you to your current one."

"I wasn't expecting to have a chance at a promotion like that," I said, pleasantly surprised. 

"We generally only take department managers into this program, but we are short on managers and don't have enough interested department managers, so we are accepting a few rank and file associates with good records into the program this round."

Janice continued to explain the program and what was going to be excepted. In the end, she gave me a small packet that outlined the schedule and training. It had all of the locations and times and who I would be working with. I was filled with excitement as I left the office, and as soon as I was out of view, I did a quick happy dance. Being so high on that positive energy, I wanted to tell everyone I could. I sent a text to both Andy and Skylar, then called my parents to tell them. Once I finished on the phone with them, I went to tell Leslie as well. 

( The Party )

"No need for a bra with that," Leslie suggested.

It had been months, and I still found trying to dress like a girl complicated. As a guy, I just threw on whatever and went on about my day. Now though, there was something about looking good from head to toe. I suppose it was a sort of confidence booster, but it's hard to explain. I put the bra down and fitted the crop top on, adjusting it over my boobs. Next, I slid some tight jeans on and a pair of heels. After the final checks of hair and makeup, we made our way to Matt's place for the party.

There were more people there than I had hoped, and the only ones I knew were Leslie, Skylar, and Matt. We stayed together at first, and eventually, Leslie and Matt got more into each other. Skylar took me around and introduced me to some of the people. The first part of the party was mostly talking and drinking with the music going in the background. 

As the party went on and people became buzzed, some dancing started. Against my better judgment, I tried to keep up with the others while trying to be cool. I avoided going to dance at first, but the more I drank, the more it seemed like it could be fun. Eventually, Skylar tugged me onto the floor where Matt and Leslie already were, and we joined them in dancing. The alcohol made it easy to dance, and I didn't think about how much I was probably embarrassing myself. 

Skylar danced with me until another girl came in and wanted to have a turn with him. Before I could protest though, another guy pulled me over to him. His arm reached around my back and held me close to him. His hand moved lower and lower until it was on my butt, and I could feel him squeezing it. It was getting hard to focus with the loud music playing and all of the people around.

I felt some relief when Skylar came back to dance with me again. My head was spinning from drinking so much, and I was feeling a little regretful of that since I had never been drunk before. As I danced, I kept looking around for Leslie, wanting to make sure she was okay and if we should step outside for a break.

"Getting excited?" Skylar leaned in and asked in my ear. 

"Huh?" I looked at him, confused.

He looked down with his eyes, so I followed his gaze until I saw that my nipples were impossibly hard and protruding through my top. I tried to rub them down, which only helped for a moment until they bounced right back to full glory. 

"It's sexy anyway," Skylar said, watching me try and solve my dilemma. 

After several more attempts at fixing them, I found myself defeated when they continued to poke each time. I let out a sigh, feeling myself getting a little upset and irritated. 

"Don't let it get to you, babe. You have a perfect body." Skylar smiled at me while putting his hands on my hips.

Skylar's hands pulled me some, bringing my body up against him as he led me in the dance. It felt good to move to the music, and the way his hands grabbed me, and his body pressed against me made it better. Despite my having a good time, I still felt the alcohol having an effect on me. During the very next song, I lost my balance and twisted my foot inside of my high heel. Skylar caught me and prevented me from falling. I winced in pain and couldn't put any pressure on it, so Skylar helped me over to sit down. 

"Just take a load off, and you should feel better in a few minutes," Skylar said with a smile before disappearing back into the crowd. 

I lifted my leg up and crossed it over the other, then reached to rub my ankle. Trying to move it even just a little was causing sharp pain. The pain continued even after about fifteen minutes so. I still hadn't seen Leslie in some time, and Skylar never came back to check on me. I was still feeling a bit dizzy, the pain in my ankle wouldn't let up, and I just wanted to go home. I sent a text to Andy, explaining what happened, then asked if he could pick me up. It was no easy task trying to get from the living room to the front door on one foot. By the time I made it outside, I had to rest a moment before continuing. When Andy arrived, I started to walk down to his car, but when he saw me struggling, he quickly came to help.

"I was wondering what you were up to tonight," Andy said. 

"Getting drunk and spraining my ankle apparently," I answered. 

When we pulled up to the apartment, I managed to make it to the stairs without help. The pain quickly started again, giving me a harsh reminder not to put any pressure on it. 

"Here, come on," Andy said, gesturing with his back to me and his arms reaching. "I don't think I can just lift you right up, but I should be able to carry you on my back."

I put my arms around him and lifted myself onto his back, then he reached down and held my legs. I felt a strange, pleasant feeling inside of me from Andy's kindness in helping me so much. He took me to my room and helped me sit on the bed. Before I could do anything else, he dropped down in front of me.

"Okay, let's take a look," he said.

Andy reached for my leg, carefully lifting it while holding my calf. He slowly removed my heel and inspected my ankle. I wasn't sure if he did it on purpose or not, but I felt his fingers gently stroking my leg as he held it. 

"It looks like it's getting a bit swollen. You probably sprained it," he said.

"I'm about to start a new position, and I'm going to miss time right at the start," I complained, sighing. "Thank you for picking me picking me up."

"No problem at all. Are you okay now?" He asked.

"Yeah, I think so, thank you," I said again.

When Andy left the room, I started to undress, removing that crop top first, which left me topless since Leslie convinced me not to wear a bra. Next, I kicked off my second heel and started to pull my jeans down. The jeans snagged my foot some and sent pain shooting up into my body. This was the price for wearing such tight jeans and wanting to look cute. I sat there for a few minutes, looking at the jeans around my ankles. 

"Andy!" I called out to him. "Can you help me, please?"

"Whoa! Naked!" Andy said as he came back into my room. I didn't bother to cover myself up.

"You've already seen me naked plenty," I said, giving him a look. 

"It isn't every day I walk into a room and find a naked girl," he said, grinning.

Even with him obviously checking me out, it didn't bother me at all. I just sat there and let him look as he finally came over to help me. Like before, he took his time and was careful with my ankle. One of his hands held my leg still, and the other slowly pulled my jeans until they were completely off.

"I still can't believe you're a girl," he said, remaining kneeled down. "I mean like, guys try to change themselves to girls, but if I didn't know you before, there isn't any way to tell you used to be a guy. You even have cute feet."

"Cute feet?" I asked, giving him another look. 

"Yeah, I kinda have a thing for cute feet," he said, looking up at me.

"Like a foot fetish?" I asked again, giving a little laugh.

"I guess," he answered, now putting my foot down. I think my laugh upset him.

"Sorry, I just never thought of feet like that. I mean, nail polish is cool and stuff," I said, feeling bad now. 

I decided that it would be better to go without any pants, for now, at least while at home. A visit to a doctor was going to be needed to make sure I didn't break anything. The fatigue caught up to me finally, making me want to just lie down and sleep. The day seemed to be a total mess up for me, especially now that I upset Andy. Out of everything that happened, I thought about that the most, wondering why he took it so bad. 

( Bonding & Healing )

The feeling of that familiar pressure woke me up in the middle of the night. Since I didn't use the bathroom before bed, it was time to pay the price for it. As I moved to the side and readied myself to stand on one foot, I let out a sigh. The bathroom was on the other side of the apartment by Andy's room, which meant I was going to have to hop all the way there. It went well for the first half of the trip, then as I jumped again, my foot snagged a wire, causing me to tumble forward. I extended my right leg backward to protect my already hurt ankle and ended up landing on my forearms with a deep thud. Now, with my arms in pain, I rolled over on my back and began to rub each arm to dim the pain some. 

"What in the world are you doing?" Andy asked, turning on a light.

"I fell," I answered, closing my eyes most of the way due to the brightness of the light.

"I can see that, but why are you walking around?" He asked again.

"I have to go to the bathroom," I answered.

"You could have asked me to help," Andy replied. "And you could wear some clothes too," he added, referring to my nudity, as I only had panties on.

Andy helped me to the bathroom and waited for me to finish. I never thought I'd have to rely on someone so much, but I was delighted that he was there for me.

"You should sleep in my room since it's closer to the bathroom," Andy offered as he helped me out of the bathroom.

I accepted his offer and followed his lead into his room. Just like before, he made sure I got into bed without issue. Without saying anything, he left the room, then returned a moment later with a bandage roll. 

"We should wrap it until you see a doctor," he suggested. 

For the next several minutes, I watched as he carefully wrapped the bandage around my foot and ankle. It was a sweet thing to do, I thought to myself. He was here, helping me in the middle of the night when he didn't have to. 

"If you need anything, just give me a call," he said.

"Where are you going?" I asked.

"I'm gonna sleep in your room," he answered, then turned to walk, turning off the light.

"Wait," I said, then pausing. "Can you— stay here?"

"I guess I could," he answered, but taking a moment to think about it beforehand. 

It was usually a time that we'd make sex jokes or at least some sort of joke, but neither of us did. When he got into bed beside me, I felt my mind and body calm. I fell asleep at some point while thinking about everything that had happened that day.

In the morning, I woke up to the feel of some additional weight on me. Andy was behind me, and his arm was resting over my body. I rolled over on my back and turned my head to see if he was sleeping or awake. His eyes were still closed, so I assumed he was asleep, at least up until I just moved, which caused him to stir some. Having him so close felt warm and comforting, so I remained like that for a while longer. Aside from my ankle, I felt much better after sleeping so well. Andy started to shift around and rolled onto his back, away from me as he woke up. I don't think he realized how much he had been essentially cuddling me all morning. 

"Thanks for staying with me," I said.

"Yeah, no problem," Andy answered, sounding like he was half asleep.

"Do you um, think you can help me wash up? I need to go to the hospital to get my ankle checked out." I looked over at him.

"What do you need help with? Your hands still work," he answered sarcastically. 

"Well, I don't want to fall in the shower and break something else," I explained. 

"You're lucky you're a girl now because there's no way I would be helping a naked guy take a shower," Andy said as he started to get out of bed.

He came around and helped me get up, then took me to the bathroom. I pulled my panties down, letting them drop to the floor and looked in the mirror. Before getting in the shower, I was going to have to clean up some of my makeup.

"What are you doing?" Andy asked.

"I need to remove my makeup," I answered.

"Do you need me here for that?" He asked again.

"Maybe just to make sure I don't fall. I am trying to balance on one foot," I said.

As I went on washing my face, Andy stood behind and occasionally reached out to help me balance so that I wouldn't fall. It was taking me longer than usual to clean my face since I was more focused on my leg cramping and not being able to use my other foot. I leaned forward against the sink, using it to relieve some of the weight on my one leg. As I moved, Andy jumped ahead and put his hands on my hips. Even though he was just trying to help, the way he grabbed me sent a small tingle into my loins.

"I'm okay, my leg's just getting tired," I said.

Andy moved back again, standing by as he watched me go through the dull process. When I finally finished, I used the sink to help me turn around. 

"Don't you look like a mess," Andy said, chuckling. 

"Are you going to help me or not? My leg is tired," I said back, making a stern face.

"How do you want to do this?" Do you want to get in the shower, or like, wash up right here? Andy asked.

"I'll get in the shower, just help me in and make sure I don't fall, and I should be okay."

Andy helped me into the shower then waited for me as I washed up. When I finished, he helped me get out and dry off. I decided to wear a simple t-shirt and a pair of shorts so that it would be easy to put on and take off. Just as I was feeling better about handling life as a girl, I go and twist my ankle up in a high heel. There was no way that I'd be able to work until my ankle healed either. 

At the office, I had my ankle x-rayed and received the good news that nothing was broken. They wrapped it for me and told me to keep it elevated when possible. They also gave me a crutch to help me walk. I was going to have to track my progress and hope that it wouldn't take too long to heal. After leaving the office, Andy took me to my job so that I could give them my medical documentation. To my relief, they agreed to let me start my training once I returned. 

I was happy when we finally made it back home and was able to get around a little better with the crutch. I still tried not to get up and move around too much since I was supposed to keep my foot elevated. Andy stayed home from work also and got me drinks and such, so I only had to get up for the bathroom. 

With Andy being home all day, we played video games just like old times. I laid in the bed with my foot up while we played. It was nice to forget about responsibilities and just play games like we were back in high school. I also thought about how many things changed for me since having to transition, but my love for video games remained the same. 

Leslie called while we were playing so we took a break so I could talk to her. She heard what happened from Skylar and later saw me getting into the car with Andy. I was a little upset that she didn't check on me sooner, but I didn't say anything. 

"So, how are things with Skylar?" Leslie asked.

"I don't know. I guess we were having a good time until I twisted my ankle up," I said. "He never came back to check on me though, so I called Andy for a ride home."

"Oh, so that's what happened. I think I drunk a little too much myself; sorry I left you alone and such," Leslie said, her voice getting softer.

"It's okay. It would've been fine if I didn't sprain my ankle while dancing. I didn't want to ruin your night anyway. I'll give you a call back later though," I said.

"Okay, I hope you feel better soon!" Leslie said before hanging up.

"Are you ready for another round?" Andy asked as he came back into the room. "If I win, you have to be topless," he said, posing a challenge. 

"Is that really a reward?" I questioned. "You've seen me naked plenty already."

"Hm, well, fine, then if I win you have to masturbate," he said with an even bigger grin now. 

"What do I get if I win?" I asked, trying to see if it was worth taking the challenge. 

"You probably don't want to watch me jerk it, so if you win, then I'll eat your pussy," Andy offered.

"I don't know," I said, thinking about it. "It feels like you win either way." 

"Okay, what do you want, then?" Andy asked, looking at me. 

Nothing obvious came to mind right away. I thought about other sexual things, but I figured they all benefited him more. As I continued to think about it, I moved away from sex and to other things that could benefit me. Maybe cleaning, money or some other gift. Those were all dropped, though. I needed something simple, something we could do right after the game. I didn't understand why he wanted to bet on this again anyway. We already had sex before, and if he wanted to do it, he could just say so. He could just pull my clothes off and see and do as much as he wanted. The thought of Andy being so forward and aggressive made my loins throb a bit, so I quickly shoved those away. 

"A massage!" I finally answered as the idea popped into my mind.

Unlike last time, I won. I was sure that I was going to lose again, but my determination paid off. Andy confirmed his loss and agreed to give me a massage. We played for a while longer until we couldn't look at the t.v anymore. 
