 My Sex Tour Around the UK

My head was pounding as I awoke from hearing 3 guys arguing in the other room. I slowly tried to sit up. Oh my god, I hurt all over. When I finally made it to the toilet, I could hear them squabbling about me. Myles was scolding Dirk about taking me dogging and Connor for sex in the bar. 

After I started the shower and stepped in, their voices became muffled. As I washed all of the dry spunk off me, I began to feel better. When finished, I took the jar of my special brown goop and rubbed it all over my vagina. It's the stuff I brought back from my French vacation and it helps in healing me, especially when I've had too much sex. 

As I gingerly walked into the other room, I realized how quiet it was. Where did everyone go? Only Connor was sitting reading a map and drinking coffee. He saw me wrapped in a towel around my head and one around my body. Giving me a big smile, he motioned me over to him. 

"Oh good Kat, you're finally up," he said. "How are you feeling?"

I walked closer to him and leaned my ass against the table facing him. Then I answered, "I'm a little sore Connor but am okay. So what are you doing?"

He laughed and answered, "Oh just travel plans for some sightseeing fun. You did say you wanted to see the tourist attractions. I'm just trying to find a route that will take in a lot of fun places, as well as proceed with your agreed strumpet duties."

I smiled and said, "Oh goody. I can't wait. Do I need to pack everything?" 

"What do think gorgeous," he quipped. "You wouldn't be back here for some time and maybe not at all. Myles isn't too happy with you and left for work. Disappointed, he told us to give you all of the action you can handle. While you are enjoying the sites, you also will be flaunted for other activities. Right now we need to get going, if you want to see Stonehenge and then make Bath for dinner." 

I was now beaming with excitement. He was planning a real vacation to see stuff and not just having me fuck someone for money, although it sounded like I would be doing that too. I could live with occasional sex, as long as I got to see the country. Stonehenge was one of the places I had on my list. I rushed to get dress and just put on my blue jeans and a white sweat shirt. Trying to pack everything I found that I now had too much clothes and not enough luggage. Luckily, Connor lent me one of his. 

As we drove in Myles older BMW, we talked about what I wanted to see. Since it was only Wednesday and still had 11 days of UK fun ahead of me, I took out my list and started mentioning places. Some weren't feasible because of the locations being different from our route. So we decided not to go to York or Newcastle and stay middle and west UK. I didn't know at that time but the real reason was so I could fuck guys that were already scheduled for me to see. I went along with it thinking of how nice it was for Connor to make sure my sightseeing list was taken into consideration. I should mention that the two hour stop at Stonehenge was fantastic. Then arriving at Bath made me very happy, as we pulled into this hill top B & B with a fantastic view of Bath. It was a perfect romantic get a way and I was becoming very amorous at the ambiance. 

When we rang the bell an older lady named Maude with a friendly expression answered it. She smiled joyfully when she noticed Connor. It was like she was happy to see him again. 

"Come in my dear," she pleasantly spoke. "I'm happy you are finally here and just in time for afternoon tea. So how was your trip so far?" 

I told her about how much fun I was having, leaving out all of the sex. When we walked into the parlor there were other guest sipping tea, eating scones and cream while talking. I was introduced to the two Frenchmen first. When she did, it was like I was being presented to them for something other than tea. It wasn't what she said, but how she said it and what words she accentuated. Then Edward, who was an older creepy looking caretaker of the facility, walked in with Connor holding our bags. He saw me and grinned very lustfully at me, like he was undressing me. It made me feel uneasy.

Then Connor said, "Hi Mum! I hope we haven't put you out on such short notice. Thanks for getting us in." 

She walked toward him and they hugged. I found out later that she was his aunt who raised him. She whispered something to him and he looked over at the French guys. Then he said it would be fine with him. She seemed happy. Taking my hand, he told me that Edward would show me the room and to freshen up. Afterwards, we would get something to eat and walk around exploring Bath. 

I said good bye to the French guys. The other two couples told me it was nice meeting me. Then two women one older and the other looked like she was 16, smiled as I walked by. Connor stayed to talk with Maude. 

As I followed Edward carrying my bags toward the back and past the kitchen, we began climbing the back stairs up three flights. He told me it was the crow's nest with no neighbors so I wouldn't be bothered when shagging. I thought he meant with Connor, so I laughed and joked.

"Oh I see!" Teasingly I said, "We wouldn't want to disturbed the other guests with guys marching up here to shag me. Now would we?" 

He answered in broken English and was very serious, "No we wouldn't. So please keep going up and down the stairs to a minimum. Just let the blokes come up to see you. You'll find the accommodations quite feasible for that type of activity. It has worked well with all of the other girls Connor has brought here." 

Oh my god! What did he think I was going to do up in the room? And it seemed that I'm not the first. 

As we entered, I found the room very large. It went the whole width of the top floor with slanted ceilings and windows on each side to look out. He showed me the bed, which was a nice king with brass head board. He pulled the curtain across the room breaking the room into two parts. Chuckling he told me it would make it more personal when blokes wait for their turn. The sitting area had a TV and two sofas with a small frig. It suddenly dawned on me. He thought I was some sort of harlot and this was the room I was going to use for sex. I found out later that he wasn't wrong.

Once Connor came up to the room, I asked him what was going on. He laughed and asked me what I meant. With a serious scowl I asked again. He then took my hands and looked into my eyes. 

With a smile he said, "I guess Edward spilled the beans. You are going to have tourist fun during the day, but at night you will have a different type of fun. Remember Dirk made you a strumpet last night; therefore this shouldn't be difficult for you to do. It is part of our travel plans. You did agree to pay your way across England and shagging is how you will do that. Will it be a problem Kathryn? Well, are you going to behave and be shagged like you promised or will you become difficult?" 

What was I to say? It looks like I was duped into prostituting myself on vacation again. The same thing happened on my French vacation (I wrote stories on that event). So I smiled and answered I would as long as I wasn't gang banged. Connor laughed and agreed that he wouldn't allow it on his watch. Then I giggled and asked if the French guys were going to be my first. Laughing, Connor told me that I was going to spend the night with them. They were cute and seemed nice, so I was happy to do so.

After a lovely dinner in Bath and some walking around, I was back to the B & B. After Connor left to talk with Maude, I stayed outside to roam the gardens. It was still nice and sunny as I went to explore the outside grounds. I found a nice bench to sit and relax looking at the view. What a gorgeous view it was too. The sun was setting giving such orange colors at 10 pm. I just relaxed realizing I was really in the UK. 

After some time, the French guys Rene and Paien, came up and sat on the bench next to me. I was in the middle. We talked and laughed about my vacation for some time. Then it came. Rene put his arm around me.

"You are very attractive Kathryn", he said. "Your boy friend said it was okay for you to spend the night with us. We will be very nice and have a good time. You are okay with this. No?"

I knew I was supposed to have sex with these guys, But I never thought about it being all night. So I answered, "Oh yes I would really like that."

Paien then put his hand on my knee and pulled up my dress to see my legs. I had them crossed and was wearing a longer dress then I would have, if I was going to be advertising for sex. It was a pink sleeveless dress that went below my knees and buttoned down the middle. I didn't wear a bra but had on panties with stockings. As Paien continued his quest for pulling my dress up to my waist, Rene pulled me over for a kiss. As our lips melted in passion, his hand began unbuttoning my dress. When we broke for air, he had the top four buttons undone. Then Paien pulled me to him and our lips met with lust. As he French kissed me, his hand uncrossed my legs and he pulled one closer to him. Then he slowly worked up my inner thigh until his fingers reached my wet panties. As he did, I began spreading them apart. When we stopped kissing, he said something in French and Rene responded with a chuckle. 

It was some time alternating kissing each of them, when we heard someone coming. By this time I had my legs spread wide apart with Paien rubbing my pussy under my panties. Rene had all the buttons undone to the belt around my waist with my breast completely exposed and him sucking on my nipples. The steps of the individual were getting closer, but the guys didn't pay any attention to it. I didn't want it to stop either. I was so hot wanting more, but concerned that someone else would see. 

Suddenly we heard, "There you guys are." It was Connor. The guys stopped and looked up at him. Smiling, Connor continued, "I see Kathryn has accepted your advances. If you like to continue enjoying her, it will be 1000 quid for all night. Just have her ready to go by breakfast in the morning." 

Rene began to quibble on the price but Connor held fast to the amount, telling them that I would be willing for anything including anal and being doubled. 

Then Connor said, "It's just before 11 pm. How many loads can you two blokes spew before morning? She'll fuck all night if need be. And best of all mates, she loves to suck cock and swallow. So the price is a bargain for such an attractive willing strumpet. Don't you agree?" 

It was finally settled and we left for their room. Once inside the large abode with two beds, they gave Connor the money and he left. Now I was all alone with two nice looking horny guys. They both were about 6 feet with Rene being more muscular. Their hair was dark, eyes brown and Paien unshaven. 

When they dropped their pants, I said to myself, "Oh my God! Nice long hard cocks. This is going to be so much fun." I didn't even consider I was being a prostitute. Instead I thought of being just a girl on vacation wanting sex from two horny hunks.

I quickly took off my dress and panties and we began fondling each other on the bed. After some time of me slurping on two yummy cocks, Rene was the first to condom up and entered into my soaked pussy dogie style. As he enjoyed my inner sanctum, I moaned with a few orgasms as I sucked on Paien's throbbing cock. Then they traded places with more pleasurable fucking in me, until he pulled off his condom and spewed spunk on my ass. Then Rene went back in me and pumped me for a many minutes, until he too unleashed a large load of spunk on my ass. It was the first of many loads they released on my body or in my mouth the rest of the night. And the best part was when I was being doubled by them. I just love the feeling of two large cocks rubbing against each other in me. So hot! It took a while, but they eventually unleashed their spunk inside my pussy and ass. After that we all crashed in exhaustion around 2 in the morning. 

As I mentioned many times, the sun comes up early and sets late up in the UK during summer. So when the sun was rising, I felt the lads getting frisky again. It wasn't long until they were both taking turns with me again. I responded with moving my hips and yelling, "Oh fuck me harder," many times! Eventually they spewed yummy cum in my mouth and we fell back in slumber with me being sandwiched in between them. I was in heaven!

A knock on the door woke us up. It was Connor seeing if I was ready for breakfast. I looked at the clock and it was after 9 am. Slowly I got up, dressed and went down to eat. The guys stayed in bed, hopefully dreaming of me. I didn't notice when I dressed, but Connor mentioned that I still had dried cum in my hair. I hoped no one noticed. Afterwards, I showered and changed outfits. Putting on pants and a blouse with a bra, we went exploring Bath. 

I won't bore you about all of the wonderful sites I saw during the day including the Roman bath house. In the afternoon we went to the new Bath spa and I had fun swimming in the hot spring pools. It was there that we ran into the two women from the B & B, Beth and Sarah being the younger girl. We all went from steam room to steam room laughing and having a great time. But the best thing was Connor taking me for a massage. When it was all over, I was totally rejuvenated. My body didn't ache anymore, except my pussy was just a little sore. 

The girls came with us to dinner and then to a pub. After many hours of drinking and them flirting with Connor, while I had to find guys to shag me for money, the sun had set and we were becoming drunk. I was flirting with a couple of young hunky lads and they agreed drive us all back up to the B & B. They went up to my room after giving Connor some money and Connor went to the gardens with the ladies.

I quickly undressed and we threw the drape across the room. Then this first guy took off his pants but left his shirt on. I did a lot of sucking on his small cock. Once I put on the condom, he took me in four different positions. Each one excited my pussy but I didn't have an orgasm. It seemed like forever until he finally came. 

Then the other guy came in and I started all over again. He just had me lay on my back at the edge of the bed, put my legs on his shoulders and leaned forward as he entered my wet wanting pussy. I was so ready to cum. Being bigger, he tantalized me into a few wonderful orgasms and I was in heaven. I guess my moaning was very loud because the other guy threw the drapes back and watched me getting hammered. He made comments too. Finally he ripped off the condom and spewed his jism over my pussy. 

Then he said, "Oh yeah Kathryn, Connor was right. You are a great fuck. It's still early and I would love to spread the word about you to some of my blokes. Are you okay with that?" 

Before I could really answer him, he was on his cell phone telling some lads about me. He wasn't flattering either when he said, "Dude, I just had a great shag from an American whore. You got to try her. She's only 200 and is well worth it. Better than that fat bitch Darla." 

Then he told me that a couple of his lads would be over in about 20. So we waited and talked. His friend turned on the TV and watched some sports. Soon I heard loud footsteps coming up the stairs and three guys showed. They each gave me 200 quid, drapes closed and I shagged them for about 45 minutes each. When they left, I was exhausted just after 1 am. I fell asleep with cum covering my hair and pussy. I was completely drained but in a good way. I did have a nice smile across my face remembering making all of them horny.

Sometime later I felt someone touching my pussy. Opening my eyes it was creepy Edward. I quickly screeched, "What are you doing Edward?" 

He laughed answering, "You are so beautiful Kathryn and I been wanting you for days. I'm sorry that you are being used as Connor's tramp. You are too gorgeous to be used that way. But since you are willingly cooperating in his scheme, I hope you wouldn't mind making an old man very happy." 

I didn't say a word, sat up and reached for him. Then I gave him a nice passionate kiss. His hands roamed my boobs as our lips meshed in pleasure. Then he dropped his pants and I lay on my back. I helped guide his uncovered nice size cock into me. He pumped away as I tried to enjoy him. I even thought of the Rene as he took me but I just wanted it over. Eventually he blew his load in me. Then he fell on top of me. After some time I pushed him off and told him that he had to leave. 

He got dressed turned back to me and said, "Thank you Kathryn, you made me very happy. I wish you luck during the rest of the trip. I don't know why you are doing this because you are so beautiful." When he opened the door, he turned back and whispered, "Oh please don't tell Maude or Connor about this. They will get angry." I said I wouldn't and he left.

The next morning I awoke very happy. I looked at the clock and it was 9:30. "Where was Connor", I thought? So I quickly dressed and went down for breakfast. I was shocked to find Connor having breakfast with the two women, but more surprised to see Dirk with them. 

When Connor saw me he said, "Ah there she is. I thought you needed your beauty rest. I hope you had a great time last night. After I left, how many lucky guys saw you?"

Sitting down I answered, "Well I guess it was fun. I had sex for hours and always had a guy waiting. I really didn't keep count but maybe 5 guys. Do want the money they gave me or should I keep it?" 

I waited for an answer that didn't come. So I asked, "So what's going on?"

Connor stopped chatting with Beth, swallowed his food and took a drink of coffee. Looking at me he nastily asked, "Only 5 guys Kat? I thought there would be a lot more from all of the text I was getting to where you were located. Are you sure you are not holding out on me? But if you are being truthful, then you can give me half and keep the rest."

I laughed and answered, "Yes it was only five. I guess they couldn't find the place. Some guys said that they got lost. So that's probably why. I'll get the money after breakfast. I'm really famished." Then I asked, "But what is Dirk doing here?"

Connor laughed then told me that Dirk was taking control of the trip and he was going back to London with the two women tomorrow. He mentioned about showing them around, since then never been there before. Then Sarah said something about wanting to try an English car park. 

Just when I was about to say something about that subject, Dirk blurted, "You need to eat quickly Kathryn. We have a busy schedule today, that is, if you want to make Stratford upon Avon today."

So I didn't saying anything else but became excited about going to see Shakespeare's place he lived. So I quickly ate, ran up, took a quick shower and came down about 40 minutes later. Dirk was waiting for me and Edward went up to get my bags. But first he told me to change into that white sun dress with black flowers all over it. I whined about it being a little chilly to wear it. He laughed and told me to make sure I didn't wear a bra or knickers. I gave him a nasty look because I figured there would be a sex stop before we got to Stratford. 

I was right; we took a detour toward Bristol. Then we drove around looking for something. Suddenly, he stopped and parked in front of this run down pub. Before we got out, Dirk asked for my passport to hold for safe keeping. I reluctantly gave it to him and he put it in his small man purse that he wore over his shoulder. 

When we walked to the front door, the sign said closed. We tried the door and it opened. Once inside I saw some guys drinking beers and looking at the TV. Horse racing was on and it looked like they were betting. I instantly became excited thinking of how much fun I was going to have betting the ponies. It's one of my favorite things to do and wondered how Dirk knew. But I found out later that it was just coincidence. 
