 I waited for what seemed like an hour getting myself hornier than ever thinking of Mike and getting very impatient for him as my fingers discovered. When my kitty dashed across my feet with another cat chasing it, startling me out of my daydream, I left the door to chase them. The door was slightly open when I left it and chased down and caught the ball of fur that wasn't my cat and tossed it out. I looked at the door strangely as I did that, asking myself if I had left it so far open. 

I looked around not finding anything amiss and glanced at the clock on the wall and discovered it was already past 10:00 and figured Mike wasn't coming over. Will Mike I thought your too late and I locked the slider to go to bed. He did have a key and could let himself in but right now I was a little pissed at him and I couldn't wait any longer. I had already been close to coming as I waited by the door and now I needed to get off and went to my bedroom after draining the glass of ice water I had fixed earlier and left on the counter. I turned the reading light on low and flipped back the blankets and lay down. My fingers were already doing their job and I was in an orgasmic bliss in no time. It must have been the long period of not having sex and the anticipation of waiting for Mike that made it such a hard eager release but it exhausted me and I fell into a deep sleep afterwards. 

It was pitch black in the room when I awaken. I was groggy with sleep, exhausted from my earlier release and pinned down with someone heavy on top of me. He was grunting and pushing against my groin when I felt him enter me. Mike I thought as I groggily said his name through this foggy haze. He only grunted back as his thrusting intensified. My legs without hesitation rose up into the air as I reached and grabbed hold of the headboard for leverage and raised my hips to meet him. He was thrusting away savagely and it felt so good. 

It didn't take very long to get me where I wanted to be and that was in a somewhat groggy orgasmic bliss. He kept increasing the pace of his thrusting until he was slapping his groin and balls against me. I was moaning with the intensity of it. Mike had never ridden me so hard before and I found I liked it. He kept up this grunting sound. I had never heard him sound like this before but didn't think anything of it. It was the intense heat of passion I thought through a fogy mind. When he thrust in hard and began his release, I thought he would push through my cervix and it hurt a little. He filled me and in spite of a little pain, I thrashed through another orgasm as my pussy sucked at him, wanting all of his cum.

He fell back down on me again pinning me to the bed as my legs locked around him. My arms automatically wrapped around his neck and back. Rubbing his back, neck and head, I fell back into a deep sleep with a nagging thought, thinking something wasn't right. He must have gotten a different haircut and he needed a shave. 

I awoke with the sound of the alarm. I looked at it somewhat groggy and blurry eyed saying aloud it was too damn early. My head hurt, one of the worse headaches I've ever had. I looked around the room in a dazed fog as I staggered out of bed thinking it had been a wild night. Cum was leaking from me as I staggered to the bathroom. My fingers automatically went there to feel it. Yes it was cum as I smelled it and rubbed it between my fingers. It wasn't a dream I had. I kept trying to clear my head shaking it, rubbing my eyes and forehead and finally after getting a couple of Tylenol and a drink of cold water from the sink to wash the Tylenol down it cleared somewhat. The headache was still there but I at least could think more clearly. 

I was glad he had left without my urging. I usually had to tell him to leave. I hoped he had made it home again without getting caught. We shouldn't be doing this I thought and I should break this off. 

Damn he had thrust in a little too hard and rough. I am a little sore I thought as I touched myself. I filled the tub with hot water and lavender beads and got in for a soak. What a perfect way to get up after a night of hot sex, to be able to have a long hot soak before coffee even and not to have to go to work. I lay back in the relaxing bliss of the hot bath; my mind drifting to nowhere the pain in my head was just a dull throb. 

A nagging thought popped into my head jerking me out of my bliss. Last night, something wasn't right. I could feel it. I had been tired, exhausted actually and horny as well but something about last night wasn't right. The sex had been good, very good and savage like, an animal like rutting only I hadn't really awaken to enjoy it completely. It was like I dreamed it through this foggy haze. 

Mike wasn't like that, had never been like that. He smelled differently too. Still, it had to have been Mike. He had a key and could let himself in. Yes I thought it was Mike and I let the nagging thought go after I got up to reassure myself, wrapped in a towel and checked the door. It was locked. Yes, it had been Mike I thought as I headed back to the tub and crawled back in. 

The water was getting cold and I leaned in towards the drain plug to release some so I could add more hot water when I spied this lone curly black coarse hair floating in the water. At first I didn't pay too much attention to it and pulled the plug to let the water out. As I was sitting there watching the floating hair, I plucked it up in my fingers and looked at it. It was a pubic hair and I knew it wasn't mine, I'm blond and except for the small thin patch of hair I sometimes let grow above my love mound, I'm usually clean shaven like right now. Well, mostly clean, there was some stubble starting that needed to be removed. I looked again at the hair I was holding between my fingers. It could be Mikes, he has dark brown hair and his pubic hair is darker although I don't remember it being curly like this. Still it had to be Mike's. It couldn't be Mark's. Although he had black hair, it had been months since he had been here and I had cleaned the tub many times since then. He kept his pubic hair cut short and he wasn't curly down there either. 

I looked at the hair one last time shrugged, let it go and watched it circle the whirlpool and go down the drain. I didn't give it any further thought as I soaped down and started shaving what needed to be shaved. Finished, I stood and rinsed while admiring myself as I ran my hands over my tight slim body. Damn I thought, I should be using this body as a model and making good money. I've been told that a lot. Nah I thought. That would be fun for a while but not many make it big. Besides, most models that do make it have to fuck around and fuck around a lot. That's not the life for me. I want one guy and a family someday without all the risks of STD's and stuff like that. I have a good job and a real life right here.

I climbed out of the tub and wrapped up in a large towel and patted myself dry as I walked to the bed room. I looked at the messy bed as I walked in and decided it needed clean sheets for when I get home and dropped my towel over a chair as I started to pull the sheets from the bed. I had the top sheet pulled free and started pulling the fitted bottom when I looked at the wet spot where I had been laying. It was soaked. I knew it had soaked through the mattress cover too and I was muttering under my breath about the new mattress I had just bought when two dark hairs in the wet mass caught my eye. I leaned down, looked at them and picked them up and looked more closely. They were identical to the one in the tub. I was puzzled. Was Mike this curly? I would inspect more closely when I get home I thought and placed the hairs in the curl of the lamp base on the night table. I went back to gathering the sheets and decided I needed to wash the mattress cover and air the mattress. There was time to wash and dry the sheets before I left for the airport. I needed to do other washing but didn't have the time. The rest would have to wait until I got back. 

I was glad a friend was going to take care of kitty so I didn't have to worry about that. She was going to come by and pick her up in an hour so I needed to get her into her cage for the trip. I was glad I had packed the day before so everything was ready. I just had a few small things to pack for myself like my tooth brush and comb. Heck, Mark had made all the arrangements so all I had to do call a taxi and leave with my bags. 

I stuffed the sheets into the washer and walked back to my bedroom and dressed in nothing fancy, just a nice blue pullover, good cotton panties and my favorite blue jeans. I didn't bother with a bra. I liked being free. I had just gotten dressed when the bell rang. It was Amber to pick up kitty. We chatted for a few minutes as I stuffed kitty into her cage and gathered up her food. I walked them to her car and as I packed the cage and food into it I spied this young guy on his bike just across the street watching us. I didn't pay too much attention to him; there were a lot of people riding bikes up and down the street and I never gave them much thought. I did notice his nice bike. It was this deep blue, very pretty and expensive. I had looked at them thinking to buy one someday. I wanted to get one it would be better than running. 

This bike was too expensive for most kids. This wasn't a very high income neighborhood so the kid wasn't from around here I thought and this was a black kid too I noticed. There were not very many of them around although the town was getting a few families moving in. Most were middle income families looking for a good place to raise their kids and this was a quiet place with low crime. It is a good town to live in, which is why I was still here. It was close to my parents and a few brothers and sisters. I cherished my family. It would be devastating if they knew what I was doing. I turned after telling Amber I would call her when I got home and drive over to get the cat and went back to the house. She drove off as I opened the door. I looked back across the street. The kid was still there watching and as I went into the house and shut the door, he peddled off. Puzzled, I wondered what he was doing there and why he watching me. Just then the buzzer on the washer went off breaking my thoughts and as I removed the wash and stuffed it into the drier, the thought of the kid on the bike was lost.

It was getting close to the time I would have to leave for the airport so I called a taxi and carried my two bags to the door after packing my essentials into my carry on. I hadn't eaten yet and thinking about my trip, I was too excited to eat. I would have time at the airport to get a snack. Meanwhile the drier buzzed and I took out the sheets and made the bed. 

It wasn't until the taxi showed up and I got into it and started down the road I saw the kid on the bike again. He was in the bike lane as we drove by and watched us as we went by. He was not a pimple faced kid but rather nice looking guy I thought as I got a close look. He looked familiar I thought. I've seen him somewhere before. He was quickly forgotten as my thoughts turned back to the excitement of my trip. I would be gone for only a week but Mark told me it would be a very exciting action packed week. If I only knew what an exciting week it was to become. The week was already starting out great and I couldn't wait to see what Mark had in store for me. 

I flew to New Jersey. There was no excitement in the flight although I had gotten myself horny thinking of you and all the sex we were going to have. Sex was really great when you didn't have to separate after only a few hours and send someone home. With you, it was continuous sex. Sex whenever I wanted it and that was just about all the time. I thought about asking for a blanket so I could hide under it and get myself off but gave up that thought when I looked around the plane at all the people that could see and hear me. So I spent the time on the plane looking out the small window at the country below and saw some country I had never seen before even though it was from the air.

What an exciting week it was. I, in all the stories and messages I had written to you had divulged some of my fantasies and I didn't realize this adventure would involve some of them. I had no idea at the time what was in store for me although I knew most of the time would be spent in each other's arms making love. 

When you asked me on the ride to your apartment about my flight and I told you that I had been so horny thinking about you on the flight and I came close to asking for a blanket to hide what I wanted to do, you got an instant hard on and asked me to show you what I would have done. I looked at you for a few seconds and I don't know what got into me but I threw caution to the wind and unbuttoned my blue jeans and pulled them and my panties down, kicked them off and put my right foot up on the dash and proceeded to finger myself off in front of you. You almost ran the trucker off the road you were passing. He sped up and kept pace with us as I gave him and you a show. It was when you reached over and inserted your finger in me and started rubbing my g-spot that my orgasm hit and my body convulsed and shook giving the trucker the best show of all. I tried to watch his face but was too involved in my release. I do remember his big smile and he honked his horn as I my quivering slowed and you sped up and passed him. 

I would never have done anything like that at home. Here I felt free of any constraints. We barely made it into your apartment and all most did it in the elevator you were so turned on. If I had been wearing a skirt, we probably would have. As it was, by the time we reached the door of your apartment, you had my pants undone and your hand in my panties and I had my hand in your shorts holding your hard cock. I guess we were lucky no one was in the hall although it probably wouldn't have mattered to us. By the time you had the door open and us barley inside we both had our clothes off and were on the floor fucking like rabbits. The door wasn't even closed all the way. I didn't know and wouldn't have cared at the time if someone had watched. 

Then the time we made out on the balcony of your apartment and let others watch was a real turn on for me. Your apartment was on the 15 floor and although each side of the balcony had a privacy wall, the front was glass and people across the street in another building at our level and above had a clear view. We spent several hours fucking in front of them and got a few cheers from some guys that were watching. This was one of my fantasies, sex in public and although it was a harmless safe way to do it I thought, it did turn me on. I smiled and waved to them when we were too tired to continue putting on a show and went inside. We left the curtains open after that and although I wasn't sure anyone could see us, it kept me excited. I paraded around in front of the windows and spent a lot of time nude on the balcony. 

We spent 3 nights and two days having just about constant sex getting breaks when we had to for water, food, showers and to change the linen when it got too gross. Finally Monday morning after sex, I needed a break.

"Mark I want to see some sights. I need a break and rest."

'I agree, lets clean up, have a good breakfast and I will show you around. Then tonight I want to take you to dinner at my favorite club and do some dancing." 

That excited me. I hadn't been dancing for a while and wanted to see what the night life was like. We showered with constant kissing and helping each other lather up. Mark had a constant hard on and kept trying to get inside me the whole time. With a laugh, I kept pushing him away. I didn't want to start anything or we would never get away. I wrapped up in a robe as I fixed a big breakfast wondering what I was going to wear. 

"Where are we going today and what should I wear?" I asked.

"I figured we would hit some sights In New York City, like the Stature of Liberty and tour Ellis Island for a start. It may take most of the day. Wear something comfortable for the tour. We will take some extra clothes for dinner and dancing. I already packed what I want you to wear in the club."

That intrigued me. I asked, "Oh, and what will I be wearing for the club and dancing?"

"That is going to be a surprise," You answered. 

"That sounds OK with me Mark." It was just what I wanted to do, I had never been there and that was one of the sights I wanted to see. The drive to New York was great although the traffic was terrible. 

The boat ride to the island was wonderful. People kept glancing at us; some were muttering negativity, while others just snickered at us as we could not keep our hands off of each other. We waited in line for the elevator to go all the way to the crown. It took a very long time, but the view was breathtaking. I got a lot of pictures of the high rises of New York City and you took some shots of me with the scenery as a background. The tour around Ellis Island was one of the better tours I had been on and I learned some interesting facts about the place. After the tour, we boarded the boat again and got back to your car for our next destination where we walked around 5th Avenue. This is where all the high end stores are. I was in heaven looking at all the expensive stuff. I could have spent a fortune if I had one. Afterwards, we kept walking until we hit central park where we went for a carriage ride into central park and around it. It was a very romantic setting and I enjoyed it. It was getting very late when the carriage arrived back to where we started and we walked briskly back to your car. 

You drove on to the club. I kept wondering where we were going to change when you spoke up and said we would be able to change there. You already had reservations and arrangements made. When we got there, you grabbed two satchels out of the back seat and after tossing your keys to the parking attendant, we went inside and you led me to a room off to the side of the entrance where we could change. 

I was really curious what I would be wearing, this was an upscale club. You watched as I opened my satchel with this expectant smile on your face. I gasped at the contents; inside was this very sheer hip hugging black silk dress, lacy low riding bikini panties and black low heal shoes. All looked very expensive and would show off a lot of skin. The dress was something I thought I would never be caught dead in. I had seen one before like this on Cher and it left very little to the imagination. It had sides with short sleeves, two crisscrossing straps along the shoulder blades in the back to hold the two sides together and was open all the way down to mid hip in the back where the skirt started. There was no real back to it. 

The front was open all the way to just above my love mound in a kind of a circle cut showing all of my stomach area and had a silver clasp at the waist to hold it together. It was held together at the neck with a silver clasp also. The part that was the sides just barely covered my breasts and if it wasn't for the silver clasps at my waist and neck, it would hang open. The skirt part was split up the sides and tied together at where my low riding bikini line would be with a black silk ribbon and laced together down the splits with narrow black ribbon also. The skirt went only to mid thigh. I noticed if the ribbon was untied and it could easily be done, the skirt would open showing my panties or everything if I weren't wearing any. Heck if the silver clasps were undone, the whole dress would come off and I would be nude. The panties were another thing. Almost a transparent lace, they were held together at the sides with a quick release snap. They would come off if very little pressure was applied.
