 The next day we woke and went sightseeing. It was a sunny day and we had a great time holding hands, laughing at the tourist, kissing and just enjoying each other. We took a cruise boat up the Thames to the Tower of London then to Greenwich. I saw so many wonderful things and loved seeing the Crown Jewels. By the time we got back to Myles place, I just had to jump his bones; although this time he fucked me in my ass too. In just two wonderful days I've had two guys and lots of yummy jism dumped in all of my orifices. What a great start to my vacation.

We went to dinner at the pub again. This night I wore a short skirt that I just bought and sweater. We found a booth and Dirk came over to chat. He apologized to me for thinking I was a slag (their term for whorish slut) and I kissed his cheek thanking him. When Myles left for drinks and dinner, I asked Dirk what dogging really was. He explained to me that it was just guys and girls having sex in public for others to watch or participate and it happens at car parks all over the nation. Then he laughed and told me that a lot of girls are young preppies or older fat women wanting some excitement. More chuckles as he mentioned that not all are slags like Myles think. 

Looking into my eyes he said, "So Kathryn, it would be my pleasure to take you dogging. You are very fit (meaning sexually desirable) and I wouldn't have anything bad happen to you. Just try it once to actually experience for yourself."

Before I could answer, Myles came back with my wine and we just chatted about other things the rest of the night. I was very flirty toward Dirk even allowing him to touch my inner thigh and pulling up my skirt. Myles never noticed because he was engross in the football (soccer) game on the TV. 

I should describe Dirk as a tall slender guy with long blonde hair. He had a few tattoos and was very confident type of guy. Guys with long hair have always intrigued me. I guess the Fabio look still excites me. 

After food and more drinks hours later, I got up to go to the toilet. It was up stairs and down a long hall. When I came out Dirk was waiting for me. He didn't say a word, but grabbed me and kissed me. I thought about fighting, but he was such a great kisser and I actually wanted him all night. He opened a side door and dragged me in. Pinning me against a wall, we kissed while he held my hands up over my head. Once I was kissing him back, he let go of my hands and began rubbing my breast over the sweater. After a few minutes, he pulled up my sweater and put his mouth over my bare boobs. His hand then went immediately for wet pussy. Pushing the panty to one side he began fingering me. 

"You want me to shag you don't you Kathryn?" He whispered. 

His fingers felt so good touching me, that I moaned "Oh yes Dirk. Please fuck me! I've been horny all night for you."

I heard him undoing his belt and sliding his cock out. Looking down, it was bigger than Connor's. Oh I wanted that thing in me. I went to suck on it, but he stopped me. He whispered that we would only have time for shagging. Taking one leg, he pulled it up to his waist and guided his throbbing manhood into me without putting on a condom. He took my hips and pulled me hard down on it, as he pumped up. I had my hands around him with my body plastered against the wall while he ravished me. Then it was non-stop pumping up in me. I was really enjoying him for maybe 5 minutes, until I felt him squirting inside me. When he finished, he pushed me off and told me to go or Myles would miss me. I pulled down my top and just as I was about to open the door, he grabbed and kissed me.

Then he whispered, "We'll have to do this for a longer time next time; maybe when I take you dogging my little Strumpet! I know now that you will definitely going to like dogging. Strumpets usually do." He laughed. 

Another quick kiss and I left. With his goo running down my legs, I quickly ran to the toilet to clean up. 

Myles was still looking at the game and I asked him when we could leave. I now felt cheap for allowing hunky Dirk to fuck me and wanted to go. He told me in a few minutes. Then I asked him if he knew what a strumpet was. 

He immediately turned to me with a nasty look and asked, "So who called you that Kathryn. You are not a strumpet by any means." He seemed very perturbed like he was going to fight whoever called me that. 

Smiling, I answered, "Oh no one sweetie. I just over heard a couple guys talking about a girl and they called her that. I'm just not familiar with English slang yet."

It seemed to calm him down and he replied, "What it means gorgeous, that a girl is too sexually active for her own good, too the point of being a harlot or prostitute. They must have been talking about Olivia. She was here earlier and left with a couple of blokes. She's definitely a strumpet. But you Kathryn will never be one. Yes you like sex, but you are picky about whom you have it with. A strumpet doesn't care." 

Oh my God! Dirk thinks I'm a harlot because I easily had sex with him in the back room. Oh my God! If that is the definition, then thinking about all of my past illicit behavior I should be called a strumpet. 

A few minutes later we walked back to his flat and had mind blowing sex for over an hour fantasizing about Dirk, until I wore him out. All I could think about was if I actually was a strumpet and to try dogging. But I couldn't tell Myles that, because he thinks I'm a Lady and I liked that about him. 

Monday came around and we went out sightseeing and shopping again. We didn't go back to the pub for dinner, but instead he took me to Clos Maggiore. It was very romantic restaurant. It kept my mind off dogging and back onto Myles. Riding in the back of a cab, we kissed all the way back to his flat. Once inside we made love again for hours. He came in both of the orifices and I came many times. It was a very dreamy night and unknown at the time would be the last one with Myles.

Tuesday the weather was in the 70's, so we went to Brent Cross shopping center. Wow, I was in heaven. Since I packed light and didn't bring any hot clothes with me, Myles bought me a few short skirts and sexy tops. He was happy watching me try on the sexy outfits. While we were eating a late lunch, Myles got a phone call. Then he told me we had to go, because something crashed and his underling couldn't fix it. So we took the underground back to his place. 

It was only 3 pm and I was now on my own. What to do? I went to St James Park and people watched. By the time 5 pm came along, I was bored. So I went back to Myles flat and took a nap. It was after 8 pm when I finally woke. I guess I needed the rest from all of the late nights and sex I was having. So I put on my new wrap around black skirt, a black bustier, black stockings and my jacket in case it got cold. Then I walked down to the pub. I didn't know what to expect, but I was hungry for fish and chips. When I walked in, I didn't see anyone I knew, except Connor was the bartender. So I took an empty stool at the bar. 

He came over and asked why I was there. 

I laughed and in my sensual voice, "Oh Connor, Myles was called into work and I was bored. I haven't seen you since Saturday and thought you could keep me company."

He chuckled and answered, "Yeah I would be more then too happy too, but Kathryn, I got to close tonight."

"Oh," I replied. "Well then I'll just get something to eat and drink."

He asked what I wanted and I told him fish and chips and a glass of wine. It wasn't long before the yummy cuisine was sitting in front of me. I devoured the food like I was a starved kitten and finished my second glass of wine. Suddenly I felt a hand on my shoulder. It was Dirk with his friend Phil that I met on Saturday and fucked on Sunday. I was happy to see him.

As I turned he said, "I'm glad you are still here Kathryn. I won't want to miss seeing you again." 

Phil then said, "Yeah me too. It's not often I know a real live Strumpet." Dirk slugged him in the arm when he said that. 

Then Dirk said to follow him to a booth. We talked for a little bit, while Phil kept bringing me back shots of different kinds of Scotch. Since I've never tried drinking Scotch before, they wanted my opinion on which was best. They started me off with a glass of 27 year aged brew, a 12 year aged and then the cheaper stuff. After over an hour and about 5 shot glasses of Scotch (maybe more) I was feeling really happy. I should say when I drink too much I also become horny. I started laughing at everything they said. 

That's when Dirk said, "Well Kathryn, you seem probably stimulated. Maybe it's time for you to try a little dogging. I know you are curious about it. I even bet that once you go dogging you do it again and again. That's what girls like you do." 

"You really think I should?" I slurred while laughing. "Myles told me not to talk to you because you are a bad boy." Snickering like a school girl going to do something naughty I continued, "But okay. Let's do it. I want to know what all the hype is about." Giggling, "And I like bad boys!"

So I stood and almost fell down. I was laughing as Dirk held me up and guided me to the toilet upstairs. He told me that I should empty my bladder before we go. I leaned on his arm as we walked up what seemed like a 100 steps. When I came out, he took me in his arms and kissed me. Then he told me that I was going to have such a great time. He held me around the waist as we walked down the stairs and out the front door to where Phil had this small blue transit van waiting. I sat on Dirk's lap with my knees tightly together as they discussed where to go. 

Phil finally blurted, "It looks like Chiswick is live tonight. We'll go there." 

As we drove, Dirk spread my legs apart and played with my pussy while passionately kissing. He told that he was just warming me up. I noticed Phil trying to get a peek up my skirt as he steered the van to the destination.I don't know how long we drove, but I was pretty wet and really horny by the time we arrived. When I heard Dirk telling Phil to pull next to the group of guys, I looked out and saw six guys leaning against the back of an old car smoking and laughing. As they looked at us pulling in, Phil said something about them being Chavs. 

Dirk laughed and said, "It doesn't matter Phil. It's not like she's our sister or girlfriend. They will probably only going to watch anyway while we put on a show shagging Kathryn." Phil chuckled. 

Then Dirk turned to me and said, "Kathryn, it's time to start getting those blokes all horny. I want you to walk over to them and ask for a cig. Then flirt a few minutes while rubbing your tits against a few guys' arms or anything else you feel like doing to get them all aroused. Afterwards, walk back to the back of the van where I'll have the doors open. That's where we will start shagging you in front of those blokes. Okay?" 

I smiled and answered, "But I don't smoke." He laughed. Then I asked, "Are you guys the only ones having sex with me? I really don't want anyone else or to be gang banged. Please!" 

"Yeah sure Kathryn," he replied. "Those guys are just going to watch anyway. But if you change your mind, just let us know. I'm sure after they see how fuckable you are, they will want to do more than wank off, but Kat that will be up to you." 

Since the sun sets late up in the UK, it was still quit light, so I looked around. There was a car across from us that I could see a guy having his cock sucked on from a girl inside. She had her head hanging out a car window, while slurping with another guy waiting. Another car had three guys looking in the back of it; I'm guessing someone having sex. Then there was me and the six guys I'm supposed to entice. So I'm guessing that is what dogging is all about; voyeurism, exhibitionism and teasing guys. Exactly what I'm good at!

Dirk helped me out of the van and I almost fell. I was laughing as he held me up. I could tell the guys were staring at me as I was now standing next to Dirk. I think I heard one guy say something about finally having a hot girl to watch. 

After I staggered over to them, one guy asked, "Pretty lady, are you going to perform for us? I would love to see your tits and hopefully your cunt filled with my cock." 

The group of very young lads laughed, but instead of answering I giggled and asked for a cig. Another guy handed it to me and lit it for me. As I took a drag of this disgusting thing, they were passing a bottle of booze around. We flirted about sexual things for a few minutes and I asked how old they were. 

I'm guessing the leader answered, "Old enough except Olly here. This is his first time dogging and you look like a perfect slag for him." 

I kept giggling to whatever they said, because it was hard to understand their broken English. I flirted touching a few guys arms accidentally on purpose with my boob. One bold guy lifted up my skirt and joked about wanting to see if I was wearing anything under it. I didn't stop him and a guy told me that I was a very fit tramp. When the bottle got to me, they offered me a drink and I took a big gulp. Oh my God! It burnt my throat and tasted terrible. I bent over, coughed and couldn't speak. They all were laughing hysterically at me. 

When I was bent over, the ring leader being behind me, pulled my up skirt again placing it over my ass grabbed me and blurted, "This slag has such a nice ass and not a porker like the others girls here. I bet the hussy twat is all shaved too." 

Then he asked me, "Well slag, are you baby smooth and going to perform with us tonight? We've being hanging around hoping a fit tart like you would show up. And here you are!"

I could barely stand up from that last huge yucky drink and leaned against him. Not really comprehending his garbled statement I giggled and said, "I would love too! Follow me!" They followed me like little puppy dogs over to the van. 

Phil had a nice white comforter lying flat in the back. Before I fell over drunk, I got in and sat on my butt with my legs tightly together. Once all of the blokes were in position looking in, Dirk had me start taking off my clothes, but first he had me spread my legs apart. I was giggling through the whole strip tease endeavor and they took photos too. 

The first thing I did was pull up my skirt so everyone could see my panty again. Then I unsnapped my skirt and let it fall to each side of me. I heard so many nasty comments about taking it all off. After I lay flat my back with my legs bent at the knees, I spread my legs wide apart. I didn't move for a few minutes so everyone could get a good look at me. The group yelled more malicious comments about how fucking hot I looked. Next I took off my shoes and then panty. Dirk ordered me to open my vagina lips so everyone could see how wet and horny I was. As their comments were becoming filthier, I laid there listening to all of them while I loudly moaned playing with myself. As requested, I sat up and pulled down my bustier to show them my boobs. When I took it off, I looked at the crowd of young horny guys staring lustily at me. I was actually becoming quite aroused from all of my teasing. Suddenly, Dirk jumped in and sat next to me. 

Softly he said, "It's time to shag you Kathryn. Are you ready to put on a show for these Chavs?"

Without me saying anything back he took out a condom and put it on. Then he had me turn on all fours and dragged me closer to the opened rear doors. My feet were hanging out as Dirk stood behind me. He said something to the guys about my cute ass and what he was going to do to me. Then he began fingering my pussy, while telling everyone my name and where I was from. He told them that this was my first time dogging. Then he added that he hoped I would come back again and again. There were many comments about them getting a chance to fuck me too or was I all show. 

He stopped for a second, turned back to the lads and said, "Well boys, if she becomes a hot strumpet tonight like I know she will, I don't see why not. Right now just getting her out here to shag was tough enough. I had to booze her up to get her here. So let's make her a big slag first and see where it goes. Well boys you can help by touching her anywhere you want. Anyone want to feel her hot wet cunt before I put my boner in?" 

Suddenly I felt a lot of hands on my ass with some reaching under me to yank on my breast. The leader told Dirk to let Olly get to feel me, because he's never touched a pussy before. They pushed the young shy kid up to me. Dirk helped him touch me and then finger inside me. With instructions from Dirk and lots of nasty coaxing from his pals, he became more aggressive. I helped by moving my hips and loudly moaning about how good it felt. 

There were many more comments like, "The slag has a nice ass and is sure fit looking. I bet she would feel great shagging me. She already did say we could, if we followed her over here." Then the one comment that still has me mortified, "Can I film her?" 

Dirk answered, "Yeah sure. She loves photos taken too. I've seen a lot of her with big cocks stuck in her cunt." With all that was going on, I didn't hear a word from Phil. 

As Dirk was finally sticking that big cock into me, I yelped as he pushed it all the way into my wet wanting box. Then he slowly pulled it out and rammed it back in several times, while telling everyone how great I felt. 

With everything now spinning and looking fuzzy from way too much booze; I looked back and said, "Oh yes fuck me Dirk! Oh! Oh! Yes! Fuck me hard! Yes, that's it! I want it so bad!" 

He just smiled at me, told me just to enjoy myself and said something back to the boys about me wanting it. Then someone told me to smile and I looked back into his phone which I'm guessing was video. Afterwards, I didn't pay any attention to him, because I was enjoying Dirk's hard cock fucking me. He felt fantastic and I barely could keep my focus on enjoying him.

Everything was just going around and around in circles, so I closed my eyes. All I could do was push my ass back enjoying Dirk's big cock. I was now getting so hot and ready to cum. I didn't think of anything else or listen to any more comments and there were many. In a few minutes, I loudly came with a fantastic orgasm and I didn't care who was watching. 

Dirk told everyone to look at me shaking with my climax. I guess the boys have never seen a real woman have an orgasm before. Although I was in heavenly bliss, Dirk kept fucking me making me build up to another wonderful orgasm. I was in total compliance feeling him, getting all ready to come again, when he suddenly pulled out. He yelled for me to turn to face him. Pulling off his condom, he squirted in my face. The guys, hollered at me getting a facial sperm bath and swallowing a lot of his jizz. The guy with the phone came over to me, told me to hold still and smile. He videoed my face I expect filming a close up. As I did, I licked my lips, said how yummy it tasted and smiled. 

Suddenly I felt fingers probing my stretched pussy. Turning back, I saw Phil with his pants down and getting ready to fuck me. He pulled me back inside the van and pushed his smaller cock into my wanting drenched hole.

With my head leaning down on my arms and close to the rear open doors I cried, "Oh yes! I want to cum again and again. You feel so good Phil. Fuck me! Oh God, I'm so freaking horny. Yes! Yes! Harder Phil. Oh god it feels fantastic!" 

I heard Dirk laughing and say, "Well boys! It looks like she's becoming a nice little slag. Let's see if she can take the next step and make her a strumpet too. To do that, she has to shag for quid. So for 10 quid each, let's get her started on that endeavor and dome (Blow job) you guys. Who wants to be first?"

I couldn't hear exactly everything else Dirk was saying to the guys outside. I couldn't concentrate on that, when I was feeling a nice hard cock buried in me and making me ready to cum again. Phil slowed down and let me enjoy my climax before he started plowing faster and faster in me. 
