 You know the drill. The following story contains dirty words and acts. It is naughty. Very, very naughty. And so are you for reading it. Believe it or not, it is mostly truthful. If you are underage or otherwise prevented by law or ethics or your parents from viewing this stuff, go away. Otherwise, sit back and, hopefully, enjoy. 

* * * * *

Hank finished his cereal and coffee and left for work. Becky and I sat at the table sipping coffee, not speaking. She was in a terry cloth robe and I was in running shorts and a tee shirt. I was planning on going for a short jog after my coffee. 

"Look, Becky, I'm a little uncomfortable about last night. "

"What about?"

"Well, I really feel bad about what we did. "

"What are you talking about? Nothing happened. Oh, no. Don't tell me you saw my thing? Oh god, I'm so embarrassed."

So, she chose to ignore our little indiscretion. Same demure Becky. Well, two can play at this game. 

"Actually, I did see it but only a quick glimpse. I couldn't help myself, really. I hope you will forgive me. I promise not to do it again, even if you put it in my face. "

"Well, as long as we're making confessions, I saw your thing, too. " She blushed deeply and her nipples started pushing out the front of her terry cloth robe. "But I only did it to compare it to Hank's. Really, yours is a little larger than his although I'm not quite certain. But don't worry, I won't look even if it pops out again. "

She didn't even acknowledge her short but deliberate examination of my cock last night. It was sort of embarrassing, so, in a way, I felt relieved. I didn't want tension in our relationship and ignoring what had occurred was one way, I suppose, of dealing with it. 

At the same time, I must admit I was disappointed. I guess secretly I was hoping to see that delicious body again. Or do more to it. The memory was so vivid, the way she openly displayed her body, the way her hips moved when I was buried balls deep in her... whoa, there, Lance... stop thinking like that,! My cock had begun to rise again from the memory 

"I feel terrible that I looked," she continued. "You know I would never cheat on Hank. But I really couldn't help myself. Hank's thing is the only one I ever saw, except in books, of course... " she blushed, as if admitting that looking at magazines was somehow worse than looking at my dick. 

"Well, good thing we had this talk. I feel much better. I'm gonna go for a jog, care to join me?" I really didn't expect her to take me up on the offer but she was quick to reply. 

"Oh, that would be perfect. I really need to lose a couple of pounds. "

"Yea, right. Where could you lose a couple of pounds? You look perfect as you are. "

"Oh, you are so kind. "

"I'll meet you outside. " I needed to get away from her tempting body. 

Ten minutes later, we were running along those familiar roads where I spent so much of my life. It made me a little nostalgic. That is, until she picked up the pace. Then I did all I could just to keep up with her. 

Well, she ran my socks off. Seven miles. Boy, could she run. No leisurely jogging for her. By the time we were 2 miles into the run, I was dripping sweat and when we finally returned to her house, my muscles were cramping and my tee shirt and shorts were soaking with sweat. She was also sweating, but not nearly as much as I. 

As we walked in the house, I was pulling off my shirt. "I can't wait to take a shower"

"Me too. "

"So, who goes first?"

"Well," she hesitated. "There's a problem. We have a small problem with the shower. "

"What kind of problem. " I was afraid of the response. I didn't even want to hear that there was something wrong with the shower. 

"It's the heater. The element's going bad. Hank said he was going to replace it but he just hasn't gotten around to it yet. I keep bugging him but you know how he is, the more you bug him, the harder it is to get him to do it. "

Yea, I knew Hank, alright. He had promised to help me remodel my kitchen over a couple of years ago and, each time we were supposed to do it, he had one excuse or another. Sometimes I was amazed that Becky put up with his shit. 

"So, you have no hot water?" Funny, I didn't notice it last night. 

"Oh no, there's hot water, the problem is it only lasts about 10 minutes and it takes me that time just to wash my hair. " Well, I guess that explained it. I was only in the shower about 5 minutes last night, just enough to rinse off. 

"Well, I guess it's a cold shower for me. It won't be the first time. "

"Oh no, I couldn't let that happen, you're a guest. " I saw her blush. It was so easy to get her to blush, and so much fun. Her nipples began to push out against her sweat- drenched tee-shirt. I thought I'd tease her to get another rise. 

"Well, we could shower together... " It worked perfectly; she blushed all the way to the top of her hair. Her nipples continued growing and were so prominent I could see the little bumps circling her areolae. 

She looked down and said in a mousy voice, "I suppose we could... I mean I think we could, but I don't even want you looking at my body. You know how I feel about cheating. "

"Yea, I know. I won't look at your body. We already discussed this before and you know how serious I am about my promise to you. I would never look at your naked body, even though I must say from what I've seen of it in clothing, it looks magnificent. "

"Oh, you" she said and slapped me on the forearm. "You are incorrigible. "

"Well, you have to promise not to look at me either. "

A little mischievous smile appeared on her lips. "You got a deal, but just to make sure, I think we should turn the lights off. "

"But, it will be totally dark. You have no windows in there. "

"Exactly"

Bummer. I was really looking forward to seeing her beautiful body, again. Oh, well, at least I would be near her naked body. Just the thought increased my level of excitement. 

"Come on. I don't want you dropping your stinky clothes on the floor. We can undress in the bathroom. "

She led me down the hall to the bathroom. I stood in the doorway looking in. It wasn't very large but I was sure we could manage it "Let me just sneak by you," she said. I stepped aside but our bodies grazed each other, her nipples digging into my chest and her soft stomach grazing my growing cock. Much too soon for my liking, she moved into the bathroom

"Oops," I said, "my fault. "

"No harm done. But we need to be sure that doesn't happen when we are both naked in the shower. "

"I'll keep my distance. "

"Okay, let's both get undressed. We should both turn around so that we won't see the other naked. "

Damn. She sure knew how to ruin a good thing. But, my disappointment only lasted a moment. When I turned around, right in front of me was a mirror on the back of the door. If I positioned myself just right, I would have a view of the entire bathroom. She turned her back to me and immediately pulled her tee-shirt over her head. Her exquisitely shaped back was crossed by a very thin bra strap. I had already removed my shirt so I began on my shoes and socks. My shorts were next followed quickly by my jock strap. I was only about half hard due to a certain sexual tension. I discreetly watched as she disposed of her running shorts leaving her in only a pair of very worn and frayed yellow cotton panties. Her butt showed through a hole worn over one cheek. 

"Oops, I better get the towels while I'm still decent," she said. She turned to face me and I averted my eyes quickly before she caught me peaking. "Uh... excuse me, I need to get to the cabinets. "

I moved back a little and she moved in front of me. She turned to face me and quickly glanced at my naked midsection. 

"I didn't realize that you undress that quickly," she said. "But don't worry, I won't even look at your cock. " Just hearing her say the word cock increased my level of excitement and, again, my dick began to rise. 

"Now, what color towel would you like?" 

And there, oh... my... god. Her tits were so obscenely displayed in the bra. You know those bras that are little more than fine gauze? Well, that's what she wore and her nut-colored nipples were engorged and glaring at me, begging me to stare. And I did. I wanted so badly to tear that bra off her and suck one of those nuggets until she screamed in passion. I couldn't help it. My dick continued to rise. Did she say something?

"Hello, anyone home... what color towel would you like?"

"Uh, oh, sorry, I must have been thinking about work. " She gave me one of those 'yea, right' smiles. "Uh... it really doesn't matter, blue, I guess. "

"Then blue it is. " She glanced again at my dick. 

To get to the cabinet under the sink, she bent from the waist keeping her knees mostly straight. Oh sweet Jesus. Those panties. They were even more worn than was obvious before. The elastic on one legband was separated from her satin panel and an expanse of curly hairs poked out. But that wasn't the half of it. On the other side, the crotch was totally ripped from the legband and hung uselessly leaving a gaping hole through which I had an absolutely beautiful view of her entire pussy. I immediately was totally hard. 

"I know there's a blue one here somewhere. "

Why the fuck was it so important to find a blue one. But I didn't complain. I just stared. 

"Okay, here it is. " Much sooner than I would have like she backed up and stood. 

She put two towels by the bathtub. I turned around to step into the tub and now faced her backside. 

She reached behind her and unhooked her bra. Her panties slid off next. She bent over to turn on the water. There it was again. That gorgeous pussy only now totally uncovered. I could have just taken three steps and planted 7 inches in her. But she was very explicit about the groundrules so, instead, I just stood and watched while my dick throbbed, the head an angry purple. She got the water just right and turned. We both stood facing each other totally naked. 

"You weren't supposed to be watching. "

"I didn't see your pussy, honest. "

Again, that coquettish smile. "Okay, I believe you. Now, step in the tub and I'll turn off the lights. " She glanced again at my hard-on. 

I climbed in and she reached over to the light switch. We were soon enveloped in total darkness. Not a sliver of light. I felt the curtain move slightly as she entered the bathtub and moved in front of me. 

"I'm now going to turn on the shower and it's going to be cold at first so move to the back and give me some room," she said. 

I moved as far back as I could and she directed the water from the spigot to the shower head. Before the cold water could come out of the shower head, she moved back into me, her upper back barely touching my chest. Below my balls were resting on the slope of her buttocks and my hard-on was molded to her lower back. 

"I hope you don't mind me against you like this but I need to make sure the temperature is perfect. " She bent over to adjust the handles on the taps and we broke contact. I wasn't sure if she was still bent over or not so I stepped forward and felt my dick rub an asscheek. The water pounded on her back. 

"Oops, I didn't know you were there. " I retreated an inch. 

"What, did you touch me? I didn't feel a thing. " She stood and backed up until my dick was just touching her soft and now wet asscheek. In fact, the contact was so light I wasn't even sure we were touching. I moved forward just to make sure. Yup, definitely soft woman flesh. 

"To be honest," I said, "I thought it would be hard to keep our bodies from touching but it's not that difficult. There's lot's of room in here. " I rubbed my dick across her ass, paused when it was nestled between her asscheeks, and continued on to the other cheek. She couldn't have missed the feel of it against her body. 

She wiggled her butt back and forth on my dick. "Yea, the tub's big enough to give us plenty of room so that we don't even come close to touching. "

I moved to the right until the length of my shaft was nestled between her asscheeks. Very slowly, I bent my knees and felt my cockhead slowly drag down her asscrack. I paused with the shaft bent horizontally under her cheeks and then moved forward. My cockhead slowly slid along her pussylips until the top of the shaft was nestled lengthwise in their steamy embrace. 

There was something that felt like a hand on my dick. My god, her fingers were gently petting my dick. I flexed the shaft against her pusslips. 

"Mmm, this water's heavenly," she muttered. 

I could feel her spread her legs a little and slightly squat on my cockshaft. She removed her hand. The only place where we remained in contact was where her oily pussylips were gently surrounding my shaft. She began to roll her pelvis swabbing the top of my shaft with her pussy, back and forth, back and forth. The lips caressed my dick. At one point, she moved forward just enough so that my cocktip was barely nudging her cunt opening. 

"It's a good thing you suggested turning the lights off because otherwise you might see my thing and its is pretty hard right now. " Two fingers returned to the tip of my dick and tugged slowly and gently testing the hardness, circling the very tip of my cockhead in the mouth of her pussy. 

"REALLY, your dick's hard? We better keep our distance so that your dick doesn't accidentally rub against me. " She continued, "You know, you would get an eyeful, too, because my nipples are probably as hard as you dick. " 

I reached around her and gently cupped both of her firm breasts. Her nipples dug into my palms. I rubbed my hands in slow circles against her nipples. She gently pulled my dick forward and back and began moving her pelvis so that just the very tip of my cock went in and out of her cunt. 

"Then it's definitely a good idea that the lights are out. Otherwise I might have to peek. I wouldn't want to, but your breasts probably look so full and firm and I bet your nipples look so suckable that I might not be able to help myself. "

"Then it is definitely a good idea that the lights are off," she agreed. 

"Oops. "

"What happened?" she asked. 

"I dropped the bar of soap. " 

"Here, I'll get it. You know... ," her voice indicated that she was now bent over, probably looking for the soap. ..". it really is a good thing the lights are off now because the way I'm bent over you would now be able to see my thing. " 

"You mean your pussy?" 

"Uh, yea, my pussy"

"Well, I doubt I would see anything because I'm sure your pussy lips are hidden. " Her fingers were again stroking my cock. 

"Don't be so sure," she said. "They are definitely sticking out and would probably be obvious. You know, I have very prominent lips that have a tendency to gape open like a mouth. They can be very naughty when I get as wet as I am now. "

"Oh, here's that bar of soap. Let me just kick it up toward you. "

I kicked it so that it barely moved between her feet. I could feel her bend further because most of the head of my dick slid into her cunt. I tried to push more in but her fingers kept the flange of my cock and the shaft outside her body. I was rapidly losing control. 

I continued, "So, you're saying that if the lights were on I would see that you were wet and your pussy lips were sticking out and puckered?"

"Uh... yea. And you know what else?"

"No, what else?"

"I have a pretty big, uh, you know, clit, and it might show, too. " She removed my dick from the mouth of her pussy and was now using the head to rub what felt like a knot of gristle. Hairs tickled the rim of my cock. 

"Well it sure is a good thing that this tub is big because right now, my dick is as big as it's ever been. " She reached all the way to the base and trailed her fingers back to the head, almost as if feeling exactly how big it was. She began to jack it a little harder. On each upstroke it rubbed her clit. "And with it this big, if the tub was small it might accidentally brush you or something. I mean, you know, if your lips were spread open, I it might accidentally, well... you know "

I could here her breathing hard, even over the shower spray. "Yea, we are lucky that... it's... so... ungh,... so... damn big. " Did she mean the bathtub or my dick? "The tub, I mean, the tub's so big... I don't know... I don't know about your dick... "

Yea, right. 

She grabbed my dick and put the head back in her opening, again circling the mouth. 

I decided to press on. "I was wondering... "

"Unh huh?"

..". if you ever considered cheating on Hank?"

"Oh no," she said. I pushed a little and this time she didn't stop me. The entire head and part of the shaft were firmly lodged in the mouth of her pussy. She squeezed her cunt and rotated her ass driving me up the wall. "I would never do that. "

"You mean, you never even thought about it?" She used her fingers to pull my cock even deeper. I was now three inches in her. I flexed my dick and felt her shiver and gasp. 

"Never. " She withdrew an inch and settled back against me impaling another two inches. "Oh, sometimes I guess... I guess, whew... I think about what a nice big juicy cock so and so has. " She began to slide forward an inch, then retreat, then forward. 

"And that's all?"

"No, sometimes I guess I think about it deep inside me, moving slowly in and out... in and out... what it would feel like to slowly... go in deep... and then pull almost out... " 

"Really? You know, sometimes I think about how nice it would be to be snuggled in some juicy and clinging but oh so warm pussy. I also think about how good it feels to go in and out... in and out slowly... I have a pretty big dick so the friction drives me crazy... just rubbing the inner walls. " 

"Ungh, oh god. " She reached behind me with both hands and grasped my ass, pulling me deep into her cunt. "I... I think about... sometimes... when that cock is going in and out, whew... how good it would feel if it slowly got faster," I sped up a little, " and plunged deep and rotated against my clit," I sank all the way in and ground against her and rotated against her clit... "and flexed deep, oh so deep in my pussy... " 

"You know what I think about?" I grabbed her hips. 

"God, no... tell... tell me"

"I think about how nice it is to come in a dripping wet pussy. "

"Oh fuck... fuck... me... too... I... goddamn," we were moving fast against each other, her pussy milking my cock like crazy, flesh slapping flesh, "I think about come in my... my pussy. I love feeling the pulses of a hard... oh god... dripping... "

"I love to hold myself deep within the warmth and wetness of a slick, squeezing pussy... "

"Oh god, me too... I love... to fee... to feel... a... hard... a hard cock... come... deep in my dripping wet, squeezing... pussy... I... cooooommmmmeeeee. "

"I held her tightly against my midsection and shot one, two, three volleys deep inside her. After each shot, she squeezed and pulled me tighter. We slowly ground against each other. 

We actually showered for another 15 minutes barely bumping each other and the water stayed just as warm. When we were done she turned off the water, stepped from the shower, and handed me what was, I guess, the blue towel. I suppose that she dried herself off, because she quickly opened the door a crack and was through it before I could catch a glimpse of her. Before she closed the door, she stuck her head back in and said, "Well, I guess Hank fixed the shower after all. "

* * * * *

Please send your comments (good and bad) to the address in my profile. I promise to respond to all. I'd especially like to hear from you women: what works, what doesn't, and what would you like to see in future stories? And, as always, please vote. 