 The rain came in hard and fast as dark cumulus clouds hung low over Tay Ho (Westlake). The darkness was almost complete as the neon and street lights on the other shore of the lake dimmed. Only the street lamp across the road cast its chiaroscuro effect on the walls inside as its glow filtered through the palms. Diep and I hurriedly rose, she from the floor between my thighs and I from the small wooden chair I was sitting on. We picked up our clothes and the two wine glasses, parted the sliding glass doors and entered my living room.

I shut the doors and walked to my bar where I topped up the wine goblets from the open bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon. My assistant was standing at the sliding doors and looking out, peering through the glass. Heavy rain slanted down from the skies, every drop acting like a prism through which the street light fractured. I placed the glasses on a side table and went to switch on the small, heavily shaded lamp that sat next to the television.

I went back in to the house wearing only my vest and socks since Diep had relieved me of my other clothing. I switched on the light in one of the bathrooms and walked into the guest bedroom where I turned on one of the bedside lamps. Then I walked back down the long corridor towards the living room and saw her still standing by the glass doors, looking out. She heard my footsteps, twisted her neck and looked at me approaching her.

The soft lighting showed up her body in a diffused contrast against the surrounding blackness. She had the most beatific smile on her face, blissfully happy and joyful. She turned back to her gazing as I neared her. And then, in the quiet stillness of the night I stopped and stared at this wondrous beauty. She stood straight, all of five feet four inches tall; her hair was open and autumnal colour fell in short waves down to her shoulder blades. Her hands were straight down and her palms rested on the outside of her thighs. From the shoulders, her back tapered to her very slim waist before flaring to her hips. Her spinal column was in shadow as it ran down to her buttocks.

I looked intently at her arse, the perfect shape and swell casting deep shadows on the left sides of both buttocks, away from the lamp light. The slight crease below them as her thighs tapered to the knees and then the expansion of her calves before tapering to her delicate ankles. My long and distended penis, with blood still pulsing through the veins, swung slightly as I took the next few steps up to her.

Standing behind my secretary, my cock now flush against her rump, I snaked my arms around her midriff and held her close. She turned around almost immediately and raised her hands to my head, her fingers entwined through the thick curls of my hair as she drew me down for a kiss. Our lips locked and her tongue shot into my mouth, flagellating inside across my teeth and tongue. I sucked her lips and pushed her tongue back, intruding into the dark wet recesses of her oral orifice. My hands ran across the length and breadth of her back, moving lower to her arse and back again.

I was hard instantaneously, thick and fleshy as my manhood rose up and pushed against the softness of her belly. Instinctively, I placed my hands at the base of her buttocks and tried to scoop her upwards so I could penetrate her. She raised herself with her hands now tightly locked around my neck and pulled her legs of the ground. In one swift motion that almost seemed practiced, I raised her up as she bent her knees and lifted herself off the ground. Using the grip of my hands on her buttocks, I maneuvered her over the top of my stiff erect and upright penis, feeling the bush thickness of her pubic hair on the glans of my cock.

Then I lowered her and inch and speared her cunt with the tip of my phallus. Her ankles locked behind me at the base of my spine and I held her tight against my body, my penis pushing deep into her as I lowered her another few inches. We stood steady for about ten seconds before I turned around and faced the inside of the apartment. Her breasts were more swollen than normal as they pressed against my chest. I was still wearing my vest and her nipples grazed against the cotton fabric as I began to walk towards the bedroom.

Walking down the hallway, I stopped and pushed her slightly against the wall, holding her firmly from beneath her buttock. Anchored against the wall, I thrust upwards into her, ramming myself as deep as I could go. She clutched on my neck, her teeth biting into the muscles around my clavicle as I thrust in and out of her. Her vagina was tight and held my phallus in a very constricted suction although the lubricated walls of her genitalia allowed me to plunge the entire thickness of my manhood all the way up into her.

Pulling away from the wall a couple of inches so she didn't hurt herself scraping her back, I tightened my grip on her arse as my forefinger penetrated her rectal opening. Holding her firmly, I raised and lowered her on my slippery pole in continuous heaves and felt her synchronizing her own motion. She increased the pace herself, rising and falling as my upright cock impaled her. I felt the stirrings of an explosive ejaculation at the base of my shaft and tried to slow her down by walking towards the guest room.

When I reached the bed, I lowered her gently, unhappy about pulling out of her vagina but wanting to penetrate her immediately after. Instead, as she lay supine on the satin powder blue sheet, straightening herself into a comfortable position, her head now on the soft down pillow, I stared in rapture at the beautiful face. My cock was still hard and almost straight up against my flat abdomen but I continued to gaze at the unfathomable beauty before me.

The darkness was gone as the bedside lamp lit up her fair Asian skin. She knew what I was doing, soaking in her beauty. Diep did not interrupt me, possibly seeing the euphoria and enchantment on my face. Her oval face, enshrined in the auburn-black ruffles of her hair on the light blue pillow, the dab of red lipstick now considerably smeared, the deep pools of her dark brown eyes, all of this fascinated me no end.

Her breasts were definitely swollen, the nipples long and hard jutted out from the centre of her coffee coloured aureola. I resisted the urge to touch her tits, holding back the moment. Below her boobs, I discerned the steaks of her ribs and the puckered indent of her navel. Her stomach and abdomen were flat, without an iota of extra flesh, and lower down the thick, deeply forested bush of her pubic hair. Once again I noticed how the edges were trimmed and bereft of any untidy overgrowth. My eyes stayed glued to the enticing jungle through which I would soon find my way to the secret cave that had enticed me for so long.

Her thighs, which were only partially shown to me every day, were now fully revealed in all their brazen nakedness. The skin looked soft and pure, like a virgin beach under a bright sun, fair and untanned. And then, my secretary very gently reached out her hand and took my fingers in her palm. I didn't move; couldn't move. But shaken out of my erotic reverie, I pulled off my vest and sat on the bed next to her. Lifting my feet one after the other, I drew off my socks and then skittered across to the end of the bed by her feet, completely naked.

"Sir?", I heard her whisper. To me, it sounded very loud, the first word either of us had uttered in almost an hour. It was now past midnight and for half a minute, lightening flashes of the last four hours streaked through my mind. Kissing her in my office, stroking her thighs at the restaurant, Diep unzipping my pants and extracting my ramrod cock at the hotel, fellatio in the balcony, my face in her cunt, she squirting as I fingered her... "Sir?", I heard again.

I looked quizzically at her face, our eyes meeting, but I didn't say a word. "Can we turn off the light now, please?" I was in two minds: I wanted the light on so I could keep looking at this sensual beauty. But I also wanted to respect her wish, whether it was because she felt shy or whether there was another reason, I was unsure. I knew I would ultimately succumb to whatever she wanted, but somewhat mischievously I decided to postpone the inevitable.

So I stared back at her and gently said "Why, Diep? For the first time I am able to see the fantastic beauty of your body and now you want to make me blind?"

Her hands rose to my face, fingers touching my eyes, and swiftly said "No! No Sir. Not want to make you blind. No sir. I like when you look at me. I love you Sir. I enjoy when you stare at me because I know you like the beauty of my body. But to make love with you, I want to feel comfortable and free and give myself to you completely. The light makes me conscious of myself. I not like that."

"My sweetheart", I said softly, "I know what you mean but please give me just a few minutes when all my senses can enjoy you at the same time. I want to touch you, and smell you, and taste you, and hear you, and see you all at the same time. Just for a little while, and then we can turn off the light."

I looked at her unresponsive face for a few seconds before she suddenly acquiesced with that beautiful heavenly smile again. "Sir, you are fooling me. You are being naughty I think. But I have given my trust to you so don't let me down." As I write this I realize that the conversation sounds stilted and unreal; it was anything but that. These were whispered ministrations, soft interactions in the moment between a highly sexed couple; dialogue between our eyes and hands and the deep breathing that provided an audio accompaniment.

I was unsure of her meaning but happy that she had agreed, and I think she noticed the rather revealing smile on my face. I held both her feet in my hands, rubbing her toes, pushing my fingers between them as I continued to look at her till her eyes slowly shut as she gave herself up to the sensations of our love making. I raised one delicate foot and kissed her toes; cool against my warm lips as I ran the tip of my tongue between them.

I lowered her leg gently on the bed and kept kissing her foot before trailing my mouth up the calf of one leg, my fingers following suit on the other side. As my head eased up between her legs, she let out a groan when I tongued the back of her knee, my hands already caressing the inside of her thighs. Moving further, I felt Diep part her thighs and I began to breathe in the musky odour of her aroused vagina. The fingers of both my hands felt the soft tendrils of her thick bush; I ploughed through them till I felt the hot secretions in her cunt.

Raising my head just above her crotch, I continued to play with her most intimate area, listening to her deep breathing and the almost continuous groans. I stuck my tongue out to taste the mucous fluids, sucking the lubrication into my mouth and mingling my saliva with her juices. Her pelvis jerked upwards as my tongue found her clitoris and I drew it between my lips. Her fingers were yanking hard at my hair, pulling me against her cunt as she thrust upwards and swayed her hips. I lashed her clit with the tip of my tongue while my fingers pushed inside her.

Her groans were turning into shrill cries of ecstasy as she now tried to draw me upwards. I took my head away from her groin and moved towards her face, tonguing her navel on the way. When I face reached her breasts, I stopped and sucked a nipple into my mouth, feeling the hardness protrude solidly against my lips. I placed my left hand on her breast, rubbing the knob with my fingers as she cried out and whispered something I didn't understand.

She pushed her hands under my armpits and again tried to pull me up. I reached out blindly with my right hand and found the lamp switch which I turned off. I opened my eyes and saw complete darkness in front. I shut them again and rose till my face was above hers, my solid erection somewhere above her thick pubic hair. She opened her mouth to me and sighed heavily as our lips met. We kissed longingly and with a desperate passion; tongues shooting into each other's mouths and lashing around inside. A huge storm was building up in our bodies, a carnal tsunami of ardour and lust.

My hands were cupping her face as my mouth hungrily devoured her lips and tongue. In the darkness, still with my mouth on hers, I brought my hands to her breasts and gently massaged them. My fingers circled her huge nipples and the surrounding coarseness of the aureoles. Her hands had been on my head, but now she lowered them and pushed one down the centre of our bodies till she took my rigid phallus in her tiny fist. I pushed myself down the bed, as she attempted to guide the head of my cock to the opening of her cunt.

In the complete darkness, I opened my eyes and saw that hers were wide and stared right into mine. I felt her maneuver my shaft till the tip was taut against the opening of her vulva, the head was in by about a centimeter. As she released it, my rigid cock would have sprung out were it not for the hook of her pubic bone holding it in place. Slowly, I pushed another inch inside her, the weight of my body firmly on my arms as I poised myself above her. Diep's arms went around my back and her palms rubbed the top of my buttocks before she began to pull me down on to her.

Not wanting to rest my entire weight on her, I lowered my pelvis as my nearly two-inch girth slowly parted her labia and pushed along the soft lubricated tissue of the walls which moulded around my manhood. I was only about inches inches inside when the head of my cock pushed against her cervix but as I withdrew and pushed back in a couple of times, her vaginal cavity seemed to extend and finally accommodate my entire length.

"I want to feel your body against mine", she whispered suddenly. So I pushed harder till my testicles were flush against and between her thighs. I removed my elbows from her sides and raised my hands to her face while I kissed her again. The weight of my torso was now on her chest as I ran my fingers through her hair. Like a piston in a well lubricated cylinder, I pumped her continually for the next few minutes, varying my speed and at times just stopping completely for a few seconds.

My hands roamed all over her body as I raised the trunk of my body above her chest. I groped her breasts, kissed her nipples, ran my fingers everywhere. As I increased the acceleration of my movement, put my hands under the small of her back and rammed her body. Diep was moaning, groaning, squealing, making a wide variety of sexual sounds that mixed with the heavy laboured breathing resulting from my exertions.

After almost ten minutes of holding back I felt I had to let go and release the pressure that was building up inside me. But then she placed her hands on my chest and pushed gently. She pulled up against the headboard and extracted her body and her feet from around me, sat up in bed and made me lie down on my back. Without questioning her, I tried to look at her face but despite our eyes having adjusted, the darkness was still too severe to make out her expression. She crawled down and knelt between my legs as I placed my head on the pillow and shut my eyes.

I felt her fingers on my thighs and on my stomach and roam over my chest. Her fingers rubbed my nipples before I felt a movement on the bed and she positioned herself by my side, lowered her head and sucked on my nipple. I felt the tip of her tongue lash against them as they hardened, and her hand went down to my rigid cock. Her fingers curled around the thickness as she stroked the steely shaft. And then her breath poured like a warm vapour over my groin. Her hair tumbled forward and washed across my abdomen as her fingers toyed with my testicles.

As her mouth enveloped the top of my penis, and her tongue rimmed my overly sensitive glans, I reached down with my hands and held her head. Involuntarily, I raised my hips off the bed and pushed myself deeper into her mouth. She placed the flat of her palms on my abdomen and gently eased me back. The sensations coursing through my nerves were almost animal like in their carnality; the sheer sensuality overpowering me completely. Naked in bed, our flesh fused as one, I felt a strange and libidinous energy like an aura around us, binding us together spiritually.

My hands rubbed her shoulders and her neck as I tried to distract myself from the boiling cauldron that was churning in my loins. She continued to run her mouth up and down my shaft as her fist gripped the base. I looked down at her and to my surprise could discern quite clearly the bobbing of her head, shrouded though it was with her hair. I looked towards the window to my left and saw a pale light was filtering through at the back of the house. It was too early for the dawn to break so I assumed the moon had risen and shone its ephemeral light on us.

I kept my eyes open and now could faintly see that Diep was stooped, as though in obeisance, genuflecting before my phallic erection. Her bottom was up in the air, a pale outline against the deep background of a wall in darkness. I tried to reach for her again but my hands only got to her head and shoulders. I stroked what I could touch; her hair and neck, her shoulders, and when I touched her cheeks I could feel the bulge of my erection occasionally pressing against the side of her mouth.

I consciously was wary of thrusting into her mouth, knowing that if I pushed myself my cock would reach the back of her throat and cause her to gag. But her constant motion was once again taking me to the point of no return, so I put my elbows on the bed and dragged myself to a sitting position by raising my back. Her mouth stayed glued to my cock, this time the cylinder moving instead of the piston. I placed my hands on her face and tilted her head back by raising it with a tender hook under her chin. She resisted for a few seconds, still sucking on my penis, before releasing it.

I told her "I don't want to cum just yet, Ok?"But I didn't wait for a response. I didn't give her time to move as I hurriedly swung my legs off the bed and stood up. But she didn't move; it was about communicating without words. Silently, I walked to the end of the bed and stood facing her rump which was still up in the air as her face rested on the bed.

I held her by her hips and lowered her; she folded her legs at the knees and her shank now rested on her ankles and feet. I gripped my upright cock and forced it to a more horizontal position, simultaneously bending till my erection was in a position to penetrate her cunt from the back. It was soaking in her juices and the free flow of my pre-cum. Pushing forward, I found the entrance to her vagina and pushed myself in.

Holding her firmly by her hips, I thrust forwards and buried myself in her. With no further foreplay I pummeled Diep from the rear in quick movements, my balls slapping the back of her thighs with every thrust. I bent forward and reached for her tits, cupping them both in my hands and hanging on to them as I rammed her hard and deep. She cried out, raised her head up like a wolf would do when she bayed. Her moaning was loud as she pushed back to match the movements of my penetrating assault on her body.

We moved in sync; she pushed backwards when I withdrew my cock from her cunt and went forward when I shoved myself into her. Gripping her now at the top of her thighs, my hands clamped where her abdomen folded over her thighs, I pulled her hard towards me as I pushed myself into her. I was very hard and thick, and her vaginal grip around me was strong and firm. We continued the parry and thrust movement for a long couple of minutes before I reached under her and felt her clitoris just above where my cock was impaling her.

I slowed down the pace of my ramming her, bent over her arse and back and rubbed the sides of her clit without directly touching the protrusion. It was clearly uncovered now by the clitoral hood and would have been uncomfortably sensitive had I placed my finger directly over the knob. I could feel the hardness at the base of her clitoris through the thin skin as i massaged it with a fingertip, still thrusting into her from the back. She was quivering and moaning, shoving her rump backwards and gyrating her hips, wanting perhaps to increase the sensations deep inside her genitalia.
