 The break-up with my college girlfriend Beth was amicable enough: she began to realize she was attracted to women rather than men, assuring me this was no reflection on me personally. We lost touch for a couple of years and then reconnected on Facebook as one does, and after a while we became pretty good friends (as opposed to just Facebook "friends"). Enough so that when my job transferred me to her city, and I needed to be there a month before the apartment I was renting would be available, she invited me to stay with her and her wife Ronni.

I won't say there wasn't a bit of awkwardness when I got there: we hugged tentatively. I hadn't seen her in ten years, we'd lived together for a year and a half, and her wife was standing next to her. There's no guidebook for that sort of thing.

Ronni was a few years younger than we were, and... perky. And, well, kind of hot in a girl-next-door sort of way. There's definitely no guidebook for dealing with your ex-girlfriend's hot wife.

I shook her hand.

We went back to their house, and I was shown to my room. It was somewhat small, probably designed to be a nursery, but it was certainly enough for my purposes. I changed, and we all got back in the car to go to dinner.

It was a warm, muggy night -- I was going to have to get used to that -- and the girls had changed into sun dresses. Nothing flashy, but I'm sure there were men who envied me walking into the restaurant between two hot women. Little did they know they only had eyes for each other (on the drive over, Tori had cracked "We're going to be like Three's Company, except you'll be the only one who isn't gay!"

Mostly, dinner conversation consisted of Ronni asking about what Beth was like ten years ago. By the time the meal was done, I felt as if the years Beth and I had been apart had melted away, and that Ronni and I were friends: and why not? Beth and I had always gotten along great, and why shouldn't her old and new Significant Others be compatible?

And Ronni had the same quirky sense of humor I'd always loved in Beth.

That night, though, I realized one thing that could result in some discomfort: the girls' room and the guest room shared a wall and, while Beth and Ronni were no doubt trying to be quiet, I was kept awake for a while by the sound of moans. Two really hot woman, one of whom I'd had sex with for over two years.

I wanted so hard to jerk off, I felt as if I would explode. But I wasn't sure I could remain quiet about it, and I'd never be able to face them if they heard me.

Not only because that would be embarrassing, but it would tell them I'd been listening to them.

Somehow I managed to get to sleep -- on my back -- and my phone's alarm woke me at eight. NormallyI sleep later on Saturdays, but Beth had told me the night before that they had breakfast at eight, and it seemed rude not to get up for it. I decided that living as a house guest would be a bit awkward until I got used to their rhythms.

I dressed and went down to the kitchen. Beth was scrambling eggs at the stove, and Ronni was rummaging through the refrigerator. Both of them were dressed in t-shirts -- Beth's barely coming down to her waist and Ronni's not even -- and panties. Just normal stuff, not Victoria Secret or anything, but I hadn't expected to find them down here in their underwear.

Beth noticed my surprise. "Oh, this isn't a problem, is it? On weekends we usually just roll out of bed and have breakfast before getting dressed. We can--"

Well, maybe a bit of a problem, especially since I'd never taken care of my listening to sex in the next room and not being able to do anything about it problem. It's a good thing I was wearing jeans that held everything securely in place. "No," I said. "I mean... um... look, I'm a guest here, I don't want you changing your routines because of me, okay?"

"Great," Beth said, going back to what she'd been doing. "Okay, but if anything becomes a problem, you just let us know, okay?"

"Will do, thanks.

A moment later, as Ronni was passing me, she stopped and whispered in my ear "Tell me, when you guys were together, on warm nights, did Beth wear a t-shirt or anything on top?" Before I could respond that she hadn't, Ronni brushed her hand against her own t-shirt and continued, with a wink, "Maybe we did change our routine a bit because you're here. Just saying."

Great. Now I couldn't get the thought out of mind: of Beth and Ronni, on any other summer Saturday, coming down to breakfast wearing only their panties. I wondered whether Beth's breasts looked the same as they had ten years earlier. I wondered what Ronni's looked like. I shouldn't be wondering about any of these things for any number of reasons, but it was a bit too late for that.

A couple of hours later we were downtown, shopping for my apartment. We looked at a number of beds, and then Beth and Ronni crawled onto one of them and cuddled together. "How about this one, sir?" Beth said in a very deep voice. "It comes with free installation, two pillows, and a pair of hot women."

I laughed. "Can I get free sheets instead? I'm not sure what I could do with lesbians."

"We're decorative." Ronni said. "That's why we come in a pair."

Maybe thinking about the two of them in bed together wasn't the best idea just now, especially since the way they were positioned, I could see right up the legs of Beth's shorts. True, she'd been pantsless all through breakfast, but seeing her panties like this was somehow more indecent.

These unproductive thoughts were broken up when the salesman showed up, with a disapproving expression on his face, and the girls scampered to their feet. When he said the bed comes with free installation, the three of us went into a fit of hysterical laughter.

When we passed a clothing store in the mall, Beth offered to buy me a pair of shorts. "I own shorts," I said.

"You need short shorts, like we're wearing. So we can stare at your ass the way you've been looking at ours all day."

"I have not," I lied. "Besides, why would you stare anyway? You're still gay, aren't you?"

"Sure, it's not as if we're interested," Ronni said, "you'd just be... decorative."

(Just as an aside, I didn't get the shorts; though thinking about it afterward I should have at least tried them on, just to be a good sport)

I made dinner that night, and then we all settled down in the living room to watch some movie on Netflix, me on a surprisingly comfortable reclining chair, and the ladies on a couch, where Ronni stretched out with her head on Beth's lap. Midway through the movie, I looked over and noticed Ronni had dropped her shorts to the floor. She'd been wearing boyfriend panties at breakfast this morning (a bit of irony there), and bikini panties tonight.

Well, there are worse things than living in a house with women who casually hang out in their underwear. Even if they have no interest in your gender.

When the movie ended, Beth and Ronni said they might watch an episode of some series they were binging. I said my goodnights and went upstairs: I really needed a shower (and an opportunity to jerk off, especially after trying to ignore Ronni's little panties for the past hour, though of course I didn't mention that part).

I stopped off at "my" room, grabbed a pair of sleep shorts (not something I normally wore to bed, but I'd picked up half a dozen pair because I was going to be a house guest), then went to the bathroom, stripped down, started the shower going, tossed my clothing into the hamper, and stepped into the shower.

I don't think I'd ever needed to jerk off this badly in my life.

As I soaped myself up I thought about the girls in their underwear this morning, then of what they must have looked like a few minutes earlier, wearing only heir panties. I pictured them the way they were on the bed in the mattress store, just goofing around, but this time wearing almost no clothing.

Oh God...

I was planning not to actually touch my dick until my thoughts got to them having sex last night, but I couldn't wait any longer. I'd just wrapped my left hand gently around my shaft when the bathroom door opened.

I was just about to say something, when Ronni said "It's okay, it's just me."

(As opposed to what?)

"Sorry," she went on, "I just need to throw some stuff into the hamper."

There was a shower curtain. It wasn't completely transparent, but it was hardly opaque either. We couldn't see one another perfectly, but we could certainly see one another.

Well, I guess I could see her better than she could see me, since she kept her back to me as much as possible.

She dropped some clothing which I assumed was Beth's into the hamper, then her own shorts. "You know," she said, "we got lucky about the shower thing."

"Hmm?" I asked, trying to keep my voice as casual as hers. Not quite sure where she was going with this.

"Well, there's only one shower, so it's a good thing we take ours in the morning and you like to shower at night. Otherwise, all three of us might have to shower together, and I don't think there's room for three in there."

And before I could think of a coherent response, she added (I'm sure with the same playful grin as this morning) "Just me and Beth sometimes."

Then, with her back still facing me, she pulled off her shirt, unsnapped her bra, dropped them both into the hamper, and left the room wearing just her panties.

I hadn't really seen anything I hadn't already seen at breakfast, which is fortunate: if she'd accidentally turned enough to let me see even part of a breast, in the state I was in, I probably would have cum without meaning to, which would have been all sorts of embarrassing.

Or if not, I would have had to start stroking myself with her standing right there, which would have been even more embarrassing.

Okay, not really, I'm not twelve years old, I'm sure I could have controlled myself... but now I began jerking off, imagining Ronni watching me, standing closer to the shower, close enough that I could see her naked breasts heave as she watched me--

I came so hard, my legs began to buckle, and I had to brace myself against the wall for support.

I finished my shower, made sure every trace of semen had been washed down the drain -- making sure I hadn't missed a drop, because there's been a lot of it -- dried myself off, put on my sleep shorts, went back to my room, and went to bed.

Not right to sleep, though, because Beth and Ronni were at it again. A little louder, the bed creaking a little more than last night. Maybe as they became more accustomed to my being here, they were simply becoming more careless about keeping quiet.

(And at least when she was with me, it had been Beth's nature to be kind of loud)

Despite the load I'd sprayed all over the shower, I fell asleep rock-hard again.

In the morning, I went down to breakfast fully dressed. I could have worn my sleep shorts (hell, they probably wouldn't have objected if I came down in my boxers, given what they'd be wearing), but I needed something that would hide my erection.

I knew after a few days I'd no longer have that reaction to seeing them in their underwear -- but I was still thinking about last night's bathroom encounter (even though I didn't see anything improper of Ronni and she probably didn't see any of me) and they were both wearing the same t-shirts as the previous morning, which meant they didn't sleep in the t-shirts, so I had the mental image of the two of them in bed together wearing only panties again.

And when they went upstairs after breakfast to shower and get dressed, what Ronni had said had me convinced they'd be showering together.

For a few days, especially after I went back to work Monday morning, things settled into a routine; then Wednesday night, when I was showering, Ronni came in again. "Hi, me again," she said cheerily, then dumped the clothing she was carrying into the hamper, then stripped off her shirt and bra and tossed them in as well -- not bothering to always keep her back to me this time -- and left.

To be honest, the past few nights I was afraid to jerk off in the shower, never knowing whether Ronni would be coming in again. Now that she'd come in, and was gone, I was "safe."

Also, of course, the brief glimpse of her breasts didn't hurt.

It's funny that I still wouldn't have felt comfortable coming down to breakfast wearing my boxers, or taking my shorts off while watching television at night, as both of the girls did both nights -- even though Ronni might already have seen all of me (though through slightly-frosted glass).

Thursday night she came in, threw her clothing in the hamper, then turned down the toilet lid and sat down. "Got a minute?"

"I'm clearly not going anywhere." I said with a laugh. "What's up?"

"Oh, nothing earth-shaking. We meant to say something over dinner. We're going to the beach Saturday. Do you have any other plans?"

"None. You sure we'll be able to get in?" The heat wave was showing no signs of breaking.

"This is a small beach on the other side of the lake, not a lot of people know about. Bikini tops are optional, I hope that won't bother you."

"Um..."

I turned slightly so she wouldn't see my cock stiffen a bit at the thought. "Don't worry," she added, "Beth and I always keep our tops on."

"I'm not sure there's a response to that that won't get me in trouble."

"Probably not," she agreed. "Cold be worse: Over in Hadley, just past the dunes, there's a stretch of nude beach."

"Have you ever been?"

"Oh no, I couldn't."

"Couldn't?"

"Well... unlike Beth, I always knew I liked girls. From like elementary school. So I've never seen a guy naked, and no guy's ever seen me."

And now this all made sense, I said to myself: these visits are a way for her to see, and be seen, through the safety of a frosted shower curtain. We couldn't quite see one another, and there was certainly no danger of physical contact.

I wondered whether in a few days her next step would be throwing her panties in the hamper as well.

One could hope, anyway.

Friday, both girls had changed into cut-off t-shirts and short shorts after they came home -- it was pretty clear they thought the evening too warm to keep their bras on -- and took off the shorts after we got settled in watching television. Just another perfect day in voyeur's paradise.

At 11, per usual, I went upstairs to take my shower. I grabbed a pair of sleep shorts from my room, went into the bathroom, turned on the shower, and stripped down. Before I was completely behind the shower curtain, Ronni had already come into the bathroom after me.

She pulled off her shirt, tossed it into the hamper, and sat down on the toilet seat lid as she had the night before. "Can I ask you a big favor?"

"Sure, what's up?"

"How hot it's been today, I really don't think I can wait until the morning to shower. Can I just jump in there with you?"

"Um..." I could think of so many reasons that wouldn't be a good idea. At least I knew what was happening now, though: she just wanted an excuse to see a guy naked. And we've obviously been leading up to this. "Sure."

"Goody," she said. And seconds later, she was in the stall with me, water spraying against a body that was even hotter than I'm imagined. Perky breasts. Very pink, very hard nipples, harder and pinker than I could see through t-shirts or the shower curtain. Completely shaven pussy. I couldn't help wondering whether Beth was shaved clean now.

I have to be honest, if mine was the first dick she'd ever seen, I was proud of the one she was seeing: I don't think there had been many times in my life I'd been harder.

She turned her back to me. "Can you wash my back?""Sure," I said. Though I'd really expected this to be a look-don't-touch scenario, and I was concerned this was getting a bit out of control.

Not concerned enough that my dick wasn't almost throbbing, but still...

I soaped up my hands, then began cleaning her shoulders, and realized my dick was poking into her lower back.

"Sorry--" I started, but she said "Don't worry about it, you can't help it."

When I got down to the middle of her back, she grabbed my hands and brought them to her front. "Don't forget my boobs."

As if I could forget her boobs.

So I cleaned her boobs.

She gave a soft groan when I touched her nipples. But showing admirable self-restraint, I didn't pinch her nipples or give them any special attention: I was just cleaning her boobs, as she'd asked me to do.

Neither of us acknowledged the fact that my dick was pressed hard against her ass.

Then she bent over.

She bent over and my dick slid between her legs, sliding against her vulva.

"Holy shit," she said under her breath.

"Holy shit," I repeated.

I let my dick slide between her lips again, this time intentionally.

We were in dangerous territory. The slightest change in angle, and I could slide right into her pussy. Deep into her pussy. Her virgin pussy, no less.

"Do it, do it, fuck me," she said.

I let go of her and backed away.

"We can't."

"I want you to."

"I want to too, but... we can't. You're not just with Beth, you're her wife."

"I won't tell. She'll never know."

"I'll know. Please, Ronni, I've never wanted a woman more, but it wouldn't be right."

She stood up and faced me. Her breasts, still flushed with excitement, and her hard, pink nipples, made me curse my resolve.

I was just starting to leave the shower, when somebody pulled back the shower curtain. Somebody shrieked like a little girl in surprise, and I realized it was me.

It was Beth. "It's okay," she said, "Do it. Just don't cum in her."

I noticed for the first time that Beth was wearing nothing but panties.

Okay, I didn't know what was going on, but as long as everybody was okay with this...

Ronni turned away from me and braced herself against the wall. Since we'd more than covered the foreplay, I had no trouble sliding my dick into her.

Slowly, since she was a virgin.

She seemed a little tense at first, totally understandable, but she was also enjoying it.

Beth reached over and touched her left breast, pinching the nipple.

Ronni was groaning and I'd like to believe it was entirely my doing, but I could accept that it wasn't.

I reached around and closed my fingers around her right nipple, and she rewarded my with a soft growl.

I glanced over at Beth: I'd never stopped being turned on by her body, and she was still as sexy as ever. And I'd never had sex when there was a second naked woman in the room.

So between that and all the foreplay, there's no way I was going to last very long.

I could feel my dick swell, that it wouldn't be long.

Beth still knew the signs. "Stay in as long as you can," she told me. "Ronni will like that."

"Oh, yeah, fuck," Ronni groaned as my disk began to twitch inside of her.

At the last possible moment I pulled out, spray my cum all over her lower back and ass. The shower water almost immediately took all the evidence down the drain.

"I'll meet you in our bedroom," Beth said, leaving the bathroom.

Ronni and I rinsed ourselves clean, then we both got out of the shower. I wrapped a towel around my waist and handed her one, which she wrapped around her waist. Remaining topless, she grabbed another towel to wrap around her wet hair, and we walked to the girls' bedroom.

Beth greeting me with "First of all, mister... all the time we were together, and you never wanted a woman more than you wanted Ronni just now?"

"Um..."

"Relax," Ronni said, "she's just messing with you."

"And speaking with messing with me..." I said.

"I admit we were in a way," Beth said."Thing didn't work out with you and me, of course, but I always remembered you as the most... well, decent man I'd ever met. That's important. So to make sure you hadn't changed..."
