 Ronnie was very apologetic but he had a leering grin on his face. Tony shut the VCR off, giving me time to sit up and straighten out my clothes. I didn't know what to say. Tony introduced me to Ronnie and we continued with some small talk. However, I did notice that the front of Ronnie's pants were bulging out.

After several minutes, Ronnie said he had paperwork to do. He said he was sorry he had interrupted what looked like a promising situation, and left the room. The mood was a bit off for us then, so we just settled back and talked some more. Tony did not turn the VCR back on.

We discussed the sleeping arrangements for the night. I insisted Tony stay in his bedroom and I would sleep on the couch. Then, Tony came up with the suggestion that I had been hoping to hear...why didn't we BOTH sleep in his bed? YES, YES, a GREAT idea!!

Tony said he had a VCR in his bedroom, so he popped out the tape and carried it into the bedroom with us. He put the tape in the VCR and it continued where it left off. We sank down on the bed, held each other close, and started kissing and hugging and touching, becoming more passionate as we watched the movie.

Tony stopped long enough to pull the covers down on the bed, tilted the pillows against the headboard and we lay side-by-side, my head on his shoulder. His arm was around my shoulders, his hand holding one tit.

Now, I finally had my turn. I reached over and undid his belt and slowly pulled the zipper down. I could feel the heat of him, and the hardness of his cock. I pulled it out of his pants, and it was soooooo hard. Oh, how I wanted him now, but we had plenty of time. We had all night and I was going to make the most of it..

I couldn't reach his balls yet, but I grasped the base of his cock with my fingers and slowly stroked it up and down. I could see precum juice oozing out of the tip of his cockhead. Tony's kisses were getting hotter, his tongue searching deep into my mouth. My mouth and tongue meeting his every stroke. 

"Tony, please take your pants off. I want to play with your balls". He needed no urging. As he was taking off his pants, I knelt on the bed and took off his shirt. He was standing next to the bed, totally naked, and I looked from his head to his feet. Oh, this was going to be a NICE night.

Tony chuckled and said that if he was naked, I should be too. He reached behind me and unhooked my bra. When my boobs fell out of the bra, he sucked in his breath. "Good Lord, they are a handful". He bent and took one nipple in his mouth, while his other kneaded the other nipple. A deep sigh came from my throat, as I slowly eased back on the bed.

As soon as Tony stretched out on the bed, I told him it was my turn. I got on my hands and knees and straddled him. I bent my head and gave him a deep lingering kiss, then up to his eyelids, his brow, and down the sides of his jaw. Trailing my tongue down the side of his neck, I slowly moved down until I took his nipple in my mouth. Only my legs and forearms were touching him on the sides, but my nipples were just brushing his stomach. I could feel him quivering at the touch.

As I moved slowly down, I still did not touch him or his cock. My mouth got to his navel and my tongue darted in and out and then around in slow circles. I allowed my legs to straighten out, which lowered my tits to each side of his cock. Tony lay still, but his hands were clenching my hair. I could feel the tenseness of his hands. I let him feel the softness of my tits and hard nipples against his groin and cock.

I raised up on my elbows so Tony could see what I was going to do next. His cock was standing out stiff and rock hard. I could see by the throbbing that he needed me to touch it. But...not yet. I put my mouth and tongue on his pubic hair and tasted him, as I slowly traced a path down the crease of his groin and hip. I could feel Tony draw up his legs at my touch.

Finally...I knew he was ready for me. I eased back down a bit so I could suck each ball into my mouth, in turn. Tony was quivering now, more and more impatient at my doing everything but touching his aching throbbing dick.

Both balls filled up at my touch, swollen and hard and hot. I started at the base of his cock, wrapped my tongue around his shaft, sucking with my lips. When I reached the top of his dick, I opened my mouth as wide as I could and slid the head of him into my mouth. Tony groaned. I knew he wouldn't last too long so I had to slow down.

I gently moved my tongue around the head and in and out of the slit at the end, now wet and oozing love juice. The cord beneath his head was starting to swell and throb. I knew he was going to cum. I wanted to cum with him...I never wanted anything so badly in all my life, as I wanted that hardness buried inside me.

I let Tony's now wet cock slide out of my mouth. I raised up on one knee and positioned my pussy over the tip of his cock. "Tell me Tony, do you want me to sink down on your cock? Do you want to fuck me? Do you want to go so deep into me that you think you will come out my throat? I want to fuck you Tony. I want to screw you all night. Tell me Tony, tell me you want me as much as I want you"?

Tony raised up, long enough to put his hands around my waist. With a load groan, he jammed me down on top of him. I felt a jolt of electricity go through me and then I went wild. I raised up and plunged down again. And again and again and again. Tony's hands were grasping my tits, not gentle now, squeezing hard, in rhythm to my strokes on his cock. 

My inside muscles were clenching hard, sucking and pulling him into me. Faster and faster I went on him, wanting ALL of him, wanting his banging, wanting him never to stop. I could feel myself ready to explode. I KNEW I would, the instant I felt his juices shooting into me. Tony gave one final jerk, lifting his ass off the bed, and I FELT the hot jet stream of cum juice shooting into me, filling me. I exploded. Every spasm of his throbbing cock started another explosion, one after another, until there was no stopping.

We melted into each other...we became one with each other...we were ONE. I don't know how long this went on, each stroke starting another spasm of love juices, until I was so full, the cum was running out of me and down over Tony's balls.

When we can't stand one more second of this, I slow down and I can feel your wonderful cock going limp and soft. I have NO strength and I sink down onto your heaving chest. Your arms wrap themselves around me and hold me tight. We don't need to talk...any talk now will break the spell. 

We were just drifting off to sleep when Tony said we should take a quick shower. We were both too spent to even think of anything else, but we did take a shower together and dried each other off. Curled up in bed, my head on his shoulder, an arm and a leg across him, we drifted off to sleep. The last I remember was a very soft and tender kiss.

To Be Continued...