 It was a normal Friday night for me. I got off work and since I was between girlfriends, i decided to hit the adult video store downtown, rent some porn flicks and spend my night jerking off. I walked in the store, there were a few people there. Mostly guys like myself, looking for a nights entertainment. However, there was one female walking around. This was a little out of the ordinary, most females came in here with their husbands or boyfriends, rarely did you see a girl in there by herself.

She looked to be in her early 20's, about 5'4" and slender. She had curly brown/reddish hair hanging about her shoulders, and a nicely curved body. Her chest looked to be about a 34b, and her ass was nicely curved, not too big, but perfect for her petite frame. I found myself 3 videos and made my way to the checkout counter to find the young lady there ahead of me. She had a video sitting there before her, along with a pink rubber dido shaped like a cock.

"Do you take checks?" she asked the clerk.

"Sorry." He said, looking at her check. "We don't accept checks numbered under 300."

She pleaded with the clerk, but he still said no. The girl looked very disappointed, she was probably also looking forward to some self pleasure that night, and now she was going to be denied. She was about to leave when i decided to see if i could be of some help.

"Excuse me miss." I said. "Maybe i can help you out here. I've rented from here for some time now, i know they'll take my check. I can write a check for you, and then you can write me a check for the same amount."

"You’d do that for me?" she asked. "I can't tell you how much i appreciate this."

"No problem," i replied. Anything i can do to help."

I made out a check for her purchases, while she did the same to repay me. She collected her stuff and headed for the door. I paid for my rentals and headed outside, surprised to see her waiting for me.

"Hey, I want to thank you once again." She said. "You don't know how much this means to me."

"As i said before, no problem." I said. "It looked like you needed some help, so i did what i could."

"Well," she said, "I'd really like to do more than just say "Thank You", why don't you let me cook you dinner tonite? I don't have any plans, and by the number of videos you were renting, it doesn't look like you do either."

I accepted her invitation; she told me her address was on her check, and instructed me to meet her in about an hour. We said goodbye and headed to our cars.

"Hey!" she called out. "Bring your videos too!"

I went home to get cleaned up, and change into some jeans and a polo shirt. I headed to her place, stopping on the way to pick up some wine. I made it to he place at the appointed time, and knocked on the door. She opened it with a big smile on her face, her eyes twinkling.

"Come on in." she said. "By the way, we haven’t been properly introduced, I’m Jennifer."

"I know," i said smiling back, "i saw it on your check. I'm Jon."

I stuck out my hand to shake, but Jennifer just smiled and pulled me into a hug and a peck on the cheek.

"I'm sorry," she said, "I really didn't feel like cooking tonite, so i ordered us a pizza, it got here just before you did."

That was fine with me, is told her, and we sat poured some wine and sat down at the table. We chatted as we ate, getting to know each other. Jenn was 23 years old to my 25. She had just moved out on her own, and was not involved with anyone at the time.

"That's why i was at the adult book store." She said blushing slightly. "It's been a long time, and I needed some relief."

"Don't be embarrassed." I replied. "I'm in the same boat."

We both laughed and finished the pizza and poured some more wine. We headed for the living room and settled on the couch.

"Let's see what videos you brought." Jenn said, her eyes twinkling.

"Well, i rented three, cause when you get 2, you get a third one free." I said. " I usually go for a little variety, so i got one that is all girl/girl, another that is anal sex themed, and another that is just your average xxx action."

"well, let's start with the average one first." Jenn said, sliding off the couch to put the video in the machine. I admired the shape of her ass as she bent over insert the movie, nice, very nice i thought to myself. Jenn came back to the couch and snuggled close to me as the movie started. We both were kinda nervous, and we giggled at first to the corny dialogue and music. Once the first sex scene started however, we both got really quiet and watched the action on screen. I could hear her breath getting heavier as the movie progressed, and i could feel my cock getting harder, knowing i was watching people fuck while sitting next to a girl i just met. I looked over at her to see her eyes riveted to the TV. I could see her hard nipples through her blouse and she was rubbing her inner thighs together. I reached out to caress her hair, and she turned to me with lust in her eyes. She leaned in brought her lips to mine. It was a tentative kiss at first, but i soon felt her tongue licking my lips, seeking entrance to my mouth. I opened my lips, and her tongue shot in to find mine waiting for her. Our tongues dueled as our hands wandered over each others body. Jenn broke our kiss suddenly and stood up. I looked up at her, wondering if something was wrong.

"Wait right here, I'll be back in a moment." she whispered, and left the room.

I took her absence as an opportunity to reach down and rub my cock through my jeans, adjusting it to a more comfortable position. I heard Jenn walk back into the room and i looked up. She stood in the doorway, soft light from her bedroom shining behind her. She had changed into a sexy babydoll nightie that hid nothing. Jenn walked in the room and bent over the coffee table to pour us some more wine. As she bent over, the hem of her nightie rode up and exposed the soft, bare cheeks of her ass. She was wearing thong that matched the nightie, and i marveled at the thin strap that disappeared between her ass cheeks. Jenn turned toward me and bent to hand me my wine. This gave me a great opportunity to look down the nightie and get a look at her firm tits. I could see that Jenn didn't tan topless, the white of her breasts contrasting with her tan skin. She sat back on the couch, her legs tucked underneath her as she leaned in close to me. Her hand dropped to my leg, and started to cares my thigh, her hand getting closer to my crotch with each stroke of my leg.

The video changed to a scene where a beautiful blonde was on her knees, giving a blow job to a porn stud with what looked like a 10" cock. I groaned in appreciation to the expert job the blonde was doing. Jenn heard me and whispered in my ear.

"That looks good, huh?" Jenn moved her hand suddenly to my crotch and felt my hard cock through my jeans. "it looks like he likes it too."

I pulled her lips to mine and we locked in a passionate kiss while her hand rubbed my cock.

"I think he needs some air." Jenn said smiling, and got on her knees on the floor.

She undid my button fly of my jeans, and i lifted my ass off the couch while she pulled my jeans and shorts down my legs. Jenn took a quick look at my hard cock resting against my stomach, and proceeded to remove my shoes and socks so she could get my pants off. This done, Jenn smiled wickedly at me and grasped my cock in her tiny hands. Her fingers started to milk my cock, slowly pumping the shaft. She stared into my eyes as she slowly lowered her mouth to my cock. I felt her hot breath on my cock as she slipped her lips over the head. I moaned instantly, feeling wrap her tongue around my cock as her mouth moved up and down, coating me with her saliva. I looked down to see her head bobbing up and down as i reached under her top to caress her tits. They felt warm in my hands, and i squeezed her nipples between my fingers.

Jenn released my cock and looked up at me.

"How does it feel, Jon? Does my mouth make you feel good? Am i doing as good a job as that slut in the video?"

"God yes, Jenn. You're just as good a cock sucker as any porn slut. Your mouth feels like heaven." 

As good as her mouth felt, i had to get a taste of her pussy. I had Jenn get up on the couch with me as i lay on my back. Jenn positioned herself in a 69 position and went back to sucking my cock as her ass hovered about my face. I pulled her thong to the side, and guided her pussy down on my face. She was already wet, and her juices seeped out onto my tongue as i licked up and down her slit. I let my tongue wander from her clit to her puckered asshole, and let it linger there, rimming her ass. I licked back to her clit and took it between my lips, sucking it into my mouth as her mouth worked her magic on my cock. I plunged a finger into her cunt, and i could tell she was gonna cum real soon. I added a second finger and probed her g-spot, sending her over the edge. Jenn pressed her pussy hard into my mouth, flooding me with her juices as he body shook.

I caressed her ass cheeks as she calmed down, and soon she was ready to be fucked. Jenn turned around to face me, straddling my legs.

"Are you ready to be fucked?" she asked.

I nodded as she reached under her and grasped my cock and guided it to her wet pussy. I felt her sink onto my cock, sliding it deep within her. Jenn leaned forward to kiss me as we started moving our hips in unison, fucking my cock in and out of her. Her cunt was nice and snug, and felt like soft, wet velvet. We moved together as one, her ass cheeks slapping my legs with each down stroke. I knew after her wonderful blowjob, that i wasn't gonna last long, and Jenn knew it. 

"Don't hold back baby, cum when you can't take it anymore. I want to feel your cum shooting inside me."

I grabbed her hips and started fucking her as hard as i could, and i was soon exploding inside her.

"Oh Jenn! I'm cumming!" i cried, pumping my come inside her pussy.

I regained my composure as my orgasm waned, and i pulled Jenn down on top of me, holding her tight.

"That was great." I breathed into her ear.

"Yes it was." Jenn agreed. "And just think, we still have two videos to go, and i haven’t even tried my new dildo yet!"

Your votes and feedback are appreciated.