 Monday

 The alarm went off at 6:00 in the morning. The sun was shining in through the window, causing me to squint my eyes. I looked down at the body draped over me, and that’s when I remembered what happened the day before. My girlfriend Tiffany was away visiting her parents, and her sister Lynette and I had great sex last night. I tapped Lynette on her shoulder to wake her up. She moaned softly and looked up at me with a smile on her face. “Good morning, stud. I hope you slept well.” I grinned back at her in reply. “It’s time for us to get up, Lynette. We both have to get to work.”

Lynette lifted up off of me and I got up off the bed. I looked back at the bed and could see Lynette looking at my naked body in the morning light. My clothes were still in a pile, so I picked them up. I took them to Tiffany’s room and got some clean clothes out. I went into the bathroom and turned on the shower.

After I was in there for a couple of minutes, I heard the bathroom door opening. Lynette pulled back the shower curtain and stepped into the tub. “I hope you don’t mind,” she said, a sly grin on her face, “but it will save time if we both get showered together.” I didn’t say anything as she stood in front of me and let the hot water run down her body. She reached up to the little shelf underneath the showerhead and picked up the shampoo bottle. “Let me do that for you,” I said, taking the bottle out of her hand.

I poured some shampoo into my hand and worked it into a good lather. I then started slowly working it into her hair. Lynette leaned her head back slightly, allowing me to gently massage her head. My fingers worked through her soft hair. The bubbles of the shampoo covered her head, causing it smell like berries. After a couple of minutes, I told her to rinse it out. She turned around to face me. I noticed that her nipples were hard, pointing directly at me. I grinned as she leaned her head back and let the water wash away the shampoo. 

When she was done with that, she looked down at the rock-hard erection that I had. “It looks like I’m not the only one who could stand for a little more fun,” she said. She stepped closer to me, pressing her body against mine. The steam from the shower surrounded us as she started kissing my chest. Her hand reached down and started massaging my balls, rolling them gently in her fingers. I let out a little shudder at the sensation that caused in me. Lynette then looked up and winked at me.

Lynette gave my cock a gentle squeeze and then turned around. She bent over in front of me, the water hitting her ass and back and running down her body. Lynette reached down with one of her hands and spread the lips of her pussy. No words were needed as I gripped my hard rod and slid it into the waiting hole. The combination of the water on my cock and her wet cunt allowed me to slide in easily. I pushed all the way in, until her ass pressed against my groin. Lynette held onto the faucet as I began fucking her. My cock was pulled out and then rammed back deep into her as we built up a rhythm. My balls were flapping, hitting her pussy in time with the motion.

Lynette started moaning loudly. I reached around her and grabbed her tits. Water was running down and dropping off her nipples. I squeezed them, making her gasp. The water that was running down my legs and her ass caused a slight sting every time I rammed my cock into her. Her pussy gripped my cock, not wanting to let go. My moans turned into grunts as the pressure began building up inside of me. The walls of her pussy started pulsating, wave after wave of movement flowing down her pussy around my cock. I let out a loud moan as my hot semen exploded out of my dick and shot deep into her pussy. I felt a little light-headed as Lynette climaxed right after me, her breathing hard. I slid my cock out of her and she turned around to face me. Her gaze was intense as we just stared at each other for a few moments.

After the wave of euphoria began flowing away, I grabbed Lynette’s sponge and lathered some of her body wash onto it. She leaned her head forward I began rubbing her neck. Moving my hand down, I washed her back. The sponge moved over the curves of her body. Her ass jiggled slightly as my hand moved the sponge over it. When I was done, I told her to turn around.

Lynette turned to face me. The soap ran down her neck and back as the water from the shower rinsed it away. I lifted the sponge and rubbed her chest. She looked at me with a smile as the sponge moved along her breasts and over her nipples. Lynette lifted her arms away from her body, and I slowly ran the sponge along them as well. My hands guided the sponge down, rubbing along her stomach. I then got on my knees in front of her and, spreading her legs slightly, began washing down her thighs and legs. She moaned lowly as the sponge moved over her toes. With that done, I stood up and placed the sponge back where it belonged.

Lynette reached up and grabbed a different colored sponge from the little shelf. As I stood there in front of her, she lathered it up and lifted one of her feet, placing it on the side of the tub. She reached down and, spreading her pussy lips, began rubbing her cunt with the sponge. I stared as she continued washing herself, as mile on her face. When she was finished, she grabbed my hand and placed it in her pussy. She then pulled my hand up and placed it in front of her face, smelling it. “She’s all clean,” she said, winking. With that done, Lynette got out of the shower and, grabbing a towel, exited the bathroom. She left me in there, hard, to shower by myself.

When I was done with the shower, I grabbed a towel and went into Tiffany’s room to get dressed in the spare clothes I had there. I went into the kitchen to find Lynette dressed and drinking some coffee. She smiled at me as I grabbed a cup and sat down at the table across from her. We began talking, making no mention of what happened last night or in the shower. When we were done, we got ready to leave for our jobs. The only time sex was brought up was when she said that she wanted me to come back that night for some more fun. I went to work, the thought of sucking and fucking Lynette hot in my mind.

That night after work, I first went to my apartment to wash up and get some more clothes to take over to Lynette’s. I walked over and let myself into the apartment. Lynette was in the kitchen, waiting for me. She was wearing a t-shirt and shorts. Lynette smiled and told me that she had cooked dinner. She fixed me a plate and I sat down. We talked about our day as we ate. When we were done, she picked up the plates and put them into the sink, telling me to go into her room. She had a surprise for me.

I took off my shoes and sat on her bed. After a few minutes, I heard her coming into the room. My eyes went wide as I took in what I saw. She was wearing a red body stocking, with holes where the crotch and ass were. She stood on front of me, and I inhaled her scent. She slowly undressed me, the nylon of her garment brushing against my skin. Her eyes gleamed when she saw my erect manhood. “I think I am going to have some fun with this big boy,” she said. She then climbed on the bed next to me and got on her knees.

I stood up and maneuvered myself behind her. I started to place my cock at the entrance to her pussy when she reached back and stopped me. “Uh-uh,” Lynette said, shaking her head, “I want it in my ass.” She then reached under her pillow and brought out a tube of lubricant. I rubbed some on my cock and a little around the rim of her ass. After dropping the tube on the floor, I put the head of my cock at the entrance to her hole. Her ass was tight, and there was a little resistance as I started sliding it in. I watched the walls of her ass move as my cock moved in slowly. She gasped and clutched the sheets in her hands. When most of my cock was in, I began fucking her ass. The lube helped me move smoothly, in and out. With each pump, I moved in a little deeper, until her ass cheeks began hitting my pelvis. She started moaning and her tits were swaying in rhythm to my fucking. 

I reached around and started massaging Lynette’s clit with my fingers. I tweaked and rubbed it, causing her to climax. I felt her muscles tighten around my dick, sending a shiver down my spine. I took my fingers and slid them into her pussy. My fingers were instantly covered in her cum. Lynette started screaming as I fucked her ass faster while fucking her cunt with my fingers. I could almost feel me fucking her ass through her pussy. My balls were swaying, slapping against the lips of her wet cunt. Lynette continued screaming my name. My breathing got heavier and deeper, causing me to gasp out her name at various intervals. Lynette reached back and held onto my balls. She softly rolled them in her hands. I stopped fucking her fast and changed my rhythm, giving her deep, slow strokes. My cock got harder as I got closer to my climax. The bed was squeaking in time with us. A large tingle flowed throughout my body as I exploded, sending streams of hot cum deep into her ass. Lynette followed right after, her pussy gripping my fingers and sending cum dripping out and down my hand.

With my head spinning and my breath coming in gasps, I slowly pulled my cock out of Lynette’s ass. She lay down on the bed, and I plopped down next to her. She took my fingers into her mouth and sucked her juices off of them. I moved in and kissed her, tasting her cum on her lips and tongue. We held each other in a tight embrace and fell asleep like that, wrapped in the other’s arms.