 You can certainly read this chapter without having read the first two, but you may enjoy it more from the beginning. This chapter takes a slightly different turn than the first two (hence the story's title) and there is some mild BDSM, but I chose to keep it in the category of Erotic Coupling in keeping with the first two chapters. I wasn't necessarily planning on adding more chapters, but am open to the prospect. Constructive comments are welcome.




Jenny stood there, feeling his cum drying over her face, neck, and chest. Her unfocused eyes were trained on his shirt and intelligent thought was returning, but slowly.

"Danny," she whispered, "what am I going to do? Ian's downstairs. He's been waiting, for like, a long time." Her voice rose at the end of the sentence, as she brought her eyes up to his face. "Danny! Why did you do this? How could you?" She bit back tears.

Danny caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. "I told you, Jen, I'm not ready to give you up." He grinned. "You have to admit, we have an awful lot of fun together." He kissed her forehead, then stepped back and busied himself with tucking his shirt back in his pants and zipping up.

"Fun? FUN? What the hell, Danny!" she yelled. "Fun is what happens when you go to Disney World. What you did was totally fuck up my life!" 

She stepped back and looked at him. "You are such an asshole. I can't believe you did that."

He finished buckling his belt, and gave her his full attention.

"What, exactly, did I do? I think the pronoun you're looking for is we. And we just had all sorts of fun. First I had fun." He reached up and dragged his finger across the bottom of her chin, pulling off a dollop of his cum and rubbing it against her lips. "Then you had fun." He grabbed her right hand and brought her fingers to his mouth. Jenny tried to simultaneously scrub her mouth with her left hand and yank her right away from his grip. 

"Jenny, I'm ok with you pretending to be a non-participant. In fact, I've discovered that having you make me work for it each time is a huge turn on. But Jenny, you and I both know that you were with me every step of the way. That was you, on your knees, staring into my eyes while you sucked my dick. And those were your fingers in that greedy pussy, causing you to scream while I painted your face."

Jenny took a step back and just stared at him. "Maybe," she whispered, "but no more."

Danny shook his head and smiled, then exited the room, leaving the door open behind him.

"She's in there," she heard him say from the hall.

"Jenny?" She heard Ian's voice just before he poked his head in the bedroom.

Jenny grabbed her wrap off the floor and and tried to wipe her face with it.

"Stop."

Jenny dropped her arms, letting the wrap slip out of her fingers to the floor, knowing it was a futile effort anyway. She stood, staring at the ground, and a tear rolled down her cheek. She could think of nothing to say. What could she say?

Ian stepped into the room and closed the door behind him. From the corner of her eye, Jenny could see him lean against the door, saying nothing, just staring at her. 

In a voice that held a commanding edge, but was still quiet, he asked, "Jenny, look at me."

She couldn't do it, so she gave a tiny shake and continued to look at the floor, slow tears falling. 

"Jennifer." Ian took a step forward, standing just before her, legs spread and arms crossed. "Look at me."

Her head slowly lifted, her eyes followed even more slowly. When she finally met his gaze, she was unsure of what she saw. He was looking at her, face set but with no discernible expression.

"Ian," she then paused, not sure what to say. Finally, in a small voice, "I'm sorry. I didn't want this. I wanted...I want...you."

His eyes raked her from head to toe, his expression still giving nothing away. "Go in the bathroom and clean up."

Jenny stared at him another second, unsure, then quickly grabbed her wrap and purse and slipped around him and out the door to head to the bathroom at the end of the hall. She used the time in the bath not only to make use of the facilities and clean up, but also to compose herself. She gripped the edge of the sink and looked at her reflection in the mirror. 

So this is what a slut looks like, she thought to herself.

After a deep breath, she turned and walked out the door. Ian stood at the top of the stairs. His expression still gave nothing away and he stepped aside and allowed her to descend the stairs first. 

"I've given our hostess our final birthday wishes and goodbyes. It's time for us to leave." He steered her toward the front door, hand at the small of her back. 

The silence during the drive to Jenny's apartment became too much for her. "Ian," she began.

"Not now." Ian's eyes never left the road, but Jenny could now see that his jaw was clenched.

"Ian, I just want to-"

"Jenny, I said, NOT NOW." He still didn't look at her, but she cringed from the anger his voice finally showed. She turned her head and stared out the window.

When they arrived back at Jenny's apartment, rather than just pulling up and dropping Jenny off, as she expected, Ian parked the car and turned off the ignition. She was so shocked when he exited the vehicle that she didn't immediately get out. In the few seconds that it took for her to process this, he was around to her side and opened the door for her. She just looked up at him until he held out his hand. In confusion, she took it and allowed him to pull her out of the car and escort her to the door.

They stood on the front porch and he turned to her with his hand outstretched. "Keys."

"What?"

"Your keys." She looked down at his open palm for a second, then opened her purse and fished out her house keys, setting them in his palm.

He opened the door and stood back, allowing her to enter first. Always the gentleman, she thought, opening the door for his slut date. He entered behind her, closed the door and placed her keys on the entry table. Without looking at her, he took her hand and walked her down the hall into her bedroom, again closing that door behind him. She looked at him, unsure of what to do at this point. He motioned to the bed. "Sit." 

She looked at him, then walked over and sat on the edge of the bed, facing him, placing her wrap and purse next to her. 

Ian took a step forward. Jenny could feel him looming over her and it made her feel like an errant school girl. Rather than meet his eyes, she stared at his feet.

"Jennifer, eyes on me."

Taking a deep breath, she straightened her shoulders and looked up. Ian just stood, legs slightly spread, hands clasped behind his back, staring at Jenny.

"Jennifer," he started, "I want you to tell me exactly what happened. Do not lie. Do not leave anything out."

Jenny blinked and looked away, trying to think how to begin. "And Jenny? Why don't you start with this afternoon; with what happened before our date."

Jenny's eyes snapped back to Ian. He continued to stand there, staring at her, still no expression.

So she began. 

"Danny and I have known each other for a few years. We weren't good friends, more like acquaintances. About a year ago, we were both looking for a roommate, so we decided to move in together. That was it, just sharing an apartment. We barely saw each other. Um, until about six months ago. We were both home on a Saturday night, so we shared a bottle of wine and hung out. Then we had more wine, and then one thing led to another and we ended up in bed together. The next morning we talked about it. We really don't have much in common. He actually gets on my nerves most of the time. But we both really enjoyed the sex. So we decided, since neither one of us was seeing anyone else, we'd just kind of keep up the sex until one of us found someone." She sat; looking at her hands clasped in her lap, and took a breath. "It was supposed to end when we found someone." At this she looked up at Ian.

"What happened this afternoon, Jenny?"

She looked back down at her hands. "I was getting ready for our date and couldn't decide what to wear. I was standing in my robe, looking in my closet. He came up behind me and started kissing my neck. He knows how I like that. Umm, then he, uh, he...Well, we didn't actually have sex."

"Jenny, you really don't want to make me ask again."

"He slid the robe off my shoulders, kissing my neck, and then he started touching my breasts. I tried to stop him then."

"Jenny, the truth. You do not lie to me."

"I did try to stop him," she knew she sounded like a petulant child, but couldn't seem to help herself, "but maybe not very hard," she finished in a quieter voice.

"Tell me what happened next."

"He reached lower and started touching, um, my, um..." Jenny fiddled with the hem of her miniskirt, unsure of how to go on.

"Your pussy. He started touching your pussy. Correct?"

"Yes."

"Say it."

"He started touching, stroking, my pussy. His other hand was still touching my breasts. Part of me wanted him to stop. I mean, I was getting ready for my date with you, but it felt so good. And you and I hadn't actually done anything yet, so-"

"Jennifer, what date was it?"

"What?"

"What number date was it?"

"The third."

"Did you think there was a chance that this date might end up differently?"

"Yes."

"So you thought there was a chance that you might be sleeping with me later in the evening, yet you continued to let your roommate fondle you?"

"Yes," Jenny answered honestly but quietly.

"Continue."

"So he was caressing my breasts and stoking my pussy. Then the stroking turned into fingering me. I was leaning back against him while he did this. Then I came. Um...hard. That's it for this afternoon. Nothing else happened," she paused and added, "then."

"Did he tell you that he would be at the party?"

"Yes, but not until after. I didn't know when I invited you. He didn't say anything until after we were done and you were coming to pick me up."

"Who did you wear your outfit for, him or me?"

She looked up at him, not sure how to answer this one.

"Jenny, you're doing very well so far. Let's keep it up. No lies. Now answer the question."

"Well, he kind of told me what to wear. I mean he told me to wear the leather miniskirt and the shoes. I chose the sweater. But I didn't just wear it because he told me to. I wanted to look sexy for you. I wanted this date to end differently." She thought for a minute. "I guess I wanted our date to end differently so I could have a definitive reason to end things with Danny once and for all. He's not real good at being told no. So the outfit was kind of to insure that our date ended, well, ended in bed."

"And the lack of underwear? Your idea or his?"

The question made her jump a little as her eyes swung back up to his.

"How did you know I wasn't wearing underwear?"

For the first time Ian face showed a small amount of expression as the corners of his lips tipped up a little.

"Sweetheart, did you not notice my hands all over your ass under the oak tree? And the lack of bra was evident from the moment you stepped into the front hall."

"Oh," Jenny looked back down, knowing she was blushing.

"So whose idea?"

"Well, he kind of told me not to wear panties, but when I left them off I did it so I would feel sexy for you. The decision had nothing to do with him." She looked up at him, her gaze meeting his. "And that's the truth." When she received no reaction from him, she looked back down. "And the no bra was all my idea."

There was silence for a few moments before Ian said, "Let's get back to your story. Tell me what happened at the party."

At this point, Jenny thought she couldn't feel more embarrassed, and it was best to tell the story and get it done. She was anxious to know what Ian was going to do afterwards. Plus, sitting on the bed, still without panties on, she was kind of getting turned on by the retelling of events. 

She looked up at Ian before continuing. "There was a line for the downstairs bathroom, so I went upstairs. I was only a few steps down the hall when Danny spoke behind me. He said something like, 'Looking for me?' He totally surprised me. I kept trying to get to the bathroom, but he said that we needed to finish what we started this afternoon; that I owed him. He started talking dirty to me, talking about everything we did that afternoon. He, uh, was very detailed and it was pretty sexy." Jenny continued to look up at Ian and Ian just stared back.

"So, I don't remember exactly, but I guess we were kissing and he reached under my skirt and found that I wasn't wearing panties, and-"

"Show me."

"What?"

"Show me that you aren't wearing any panties."

Jenny looked at Ian for a moment, then stood and slowly slid her skirt up so that it was bunched at her waist before sitting back down.

Ian continued to look into her eyes as he said, "Open your legs."

Jenny spread her legs and Ian's eyes drifted down. His expression didn't change, but Jenny thought she heard his breathing deepen. She felt his gaze on her cunt as an almost physical presence and warmth spread through her pussy.

"Continue."

Jenny took a breath and pulled her thoughts together. "Danny told me what a good girl I was for not wearing any panties like he asked."

"And were you, Jenny?" Ian's eyes were back on hers.

"Was I...?

"A good girl. Were you a good girl, standing in the hallway, letting your roommate stick his hand under your skirt while I was downstairs waiting? Were you a good girl, Jenny?"

Jenny whispered. "No."

"No. You were not a good girl. In fact I think you were a very naughty girl."

"Yes."

"Continue."

"Somehow we made it into the bedroom and he closed the door. He was kissing me all over and slid my skirt up. He, um, pulled my breasts out of the top of my sweater and bra."

"Take your sweater and bra off."

Jenny removed them and dropped them both on the floor.

At first she felt shy, sitting in nothing but her bunched up skirt and stilettoes, legs still spread, but she straightened her shoulders and continued.

"He licked and caressed my breasts. Then his hand was between my legs. He stroked me...my pussy...and fucked me with his fingers."

"Show me." Ian's voice was low, but commanding.

Jenny slowly brought her right hand towards her pussy; her fingers trailing along her thigh as she made her way. She looked straight into Ian's eyes as she brought her middle finger to her clit and made a leisurely circle. She dipped it into her cunt to gather her juices, and then slowly stroked it back up. Her breath hitched and she closed her eyes for a moment. 

"Eyes on me," Ian snapped.

Jenny's eyes opened and she focused on Ian, her breathing shallow.

"Continue."

Jenny's finger continued its journey as she spoke; a circle around her clit then a dip, deep into her pussy, and back again. "He touched my pussy and fucked me with his fingers," she began softly, her breathing hitched, "then he knelt and put his face by my pussy. He smelled me and told me how great I smell." She stopped rubbing her clit and plunged two fingers into her cunt.

"He used his tongue and his fingers. He did it together. I was leaning against the door and my legs could barely hold me up. His mouth and tongue devoured my clit and he fucked me so good with his hand." Jenny hand was picking up speed and she was having trouble maintaining eye contact with Ian.

"Stop." Jenny's hand stopped and she was breathing hard. For a moment Ian said nothing more, allowing Jenny's body to come down off its high just a little. "Now use both hands. Rub your clit and fuck your pussy. But Jenny, keep it slow. We can't have you coming so soon. Naughty girls don't get to come quickly, do they?"

"No." Jenny obeyed and slowly rubbed her clit with her right hand and began fucking herself with her left.

"He got me so close, God, so close, and then he stopped. He said it was his turn and he pushed me down to my knees. I was so ready to explode I would have done anything." Jenny's fingers were picking up speed. "I pulled out his cock. It was already hard. I took him in my mouth. Uhh.." Jenny's eyes closed again, as her hands sped up.

"STOP." Her hands immediately stopped and she drew in a deep breath.

"Eyes on me. Good, now place your hands on your thighs and keep them there."

Jenny felt like every nerve ending was pulled taught. Her legs were still spread wide and the cool air touching her very wet pussy was almost unbearable.

"Finish."

She tilted her head the slightest bit as she looked at him with a hint of question in her eyes.

His implacable expression still did not change but she thought she saw a glint of amusement in his eyes when he said, "Finish the story. Hands stay on your thighs."

"I sucked his cock. I took him deep. He told me how slutty I looked on my knees and it turned me on more. Then he told me to touch myself. I felt like such a horny slut, on my knees, fucking my cunt while he fucked my face. All I could think about was his cock and my pussy." 

Ian took a step closer to her. "Then what?"

Jenny looked up at him as he took one more step, and stood directly in front of her.

"Then he told me to cum."

"And?"

"I fucking exploded."

Ian yanked her up and his mouth descended on hers. The kiss was savage. Jenny had never felt a kiss like this before; it felt like he was consuming her. His hands gripped her hips, pulling her body flush with his. She could feel his rock hard erection, straining in his jeans, and rubbing against her naked pussy. She groaned. His hands slid up to massage her breasts, pinching her nipples.

"Fuck, Ian," she groaned. She reached down and began to unzip his jeans, but he grabbed her hands and stopped her. He pulled her hands behind her back, holding them captive at the base of her spine.

"Not so fast, Jenny," Ian whispered into her mouth. He switched his grip so he held both her wrists in his right hand, pulling her pelvis tight against his, as his left hand moved up her back and into her hair, gripping her head tight. She could feel every inch of his hard body where it touched hers, from crotch to breasts. He pulled her hair, putting enough pressure on it to tilt her head back, forcing her to look up at him.

"Oh, sweet Jenny. Did you forget already? You were very naughty, Jenny, very, very naughty. Naughty girls don't get rewarded, do they?"

Jenny could do nothing but stare at him. She had never felt so turned on in her life. She didn't know how much was the retelling of the story, or Ian's amazing kiss, or the way he held her, helpless and pinned to him, but her body was on fire. 

"Ian," she breathed, "Ian, let me make you feel good." She squirmed, trying to feel any kind of friction against her clit.

Ian pulled her hips tighter to his, stilling her movements, and moved his mouth to her ear. Gently he sucked her earlobe into his mouth, rolling his tongue all around it. He breathed into her ear, "Don't worry, Jenny. We'll get to that. But we have plenty of time." He traced the sensitive skin behind her ear with his tongue, and his voice became so quiet she could barely hear him. "But before naughty girls get their pleasure, they first need their punishment."

Just that little brush of tongue and whisper of breath in her ear had Jenny's entire body tingling. If this was punishment, she wasn't sure she could endure it for long, but she was sure willing to try.

"Ok," she sighed.

Suddenly, Jenny's arms were released, and in one movement she felt Ian's arm sweep her legs out from under her and he was carrying her in his arms. He sat on the end of her bed, where Jenny had been sitting moments earlier, and settled her on his lap. She was unsure of what he was up to, but as she looked up at him, slightly dazed, a small part of her mind wondered if he could feel the wet spot that she surely left there. For a few moments, he gently massaged her shoulders and upper arms, easing the stiffness that had resulted from his former grip on her.
