 The doorbell rang a second time and I stood frozen in front of my closet.

"Don't worry, I'll get it," I heard Danny say, and I can hear the snide smile in his voice.

Holy shit. I went back to scrambling around; trying to find the right outfit, but all the while my brain wouldn't shut up.

Ian is at the door, which Danny is right now opening. Ian, the guy that I just started seeing, being greeted by Danny, my roommate-with-benefits. And this roommate-with-benefits demonstrated said benefits just minutes ago, using his incredibly talented fingers. He's also the one who told me to wear my leather mini and black stilettos on my date with Ian tonight, but no panties, so that he could have easy access, as he will also be at the party and I owe him one. I OWE HIM ONE. Jesus, how do I get into these situations?

"I'll be right there," I yelled over my shoulder as I grabbed my black miniskirt, NOT because Danny told me to wear it, but because it's one item I can put my finger on that doesn't need to be ironed. To go with it I found a scoop neck emerald green sweater. As I pulled it over my head, I told myself that this sweater is perfect because it looks great with the skirt and shows off my big, green eyes, NOT because it also shows off any other attributes that I may have, and might possibly put them within easy reach. I slipped my feet into my black stilettos, knowing that they're the only real choice to go with the skirt.

I quickly crossed the room to my dresser to pull out some panties, all the while conscious of the fact that Danny was chatting up Ian just down the hall. I reached in the drawer and pulled out a tiny, black lace G-string and considered it a moment. I could feel that my pussy was still soaking wet, which forced me to remember how it got that way. I stood there, G-string in hand, thinking of Danny, and his kisses on my neck, and his fingers, stroking, stroking. I closed my eyes, remembering, as my wetness increased until I could feel it slowly drip down my inner thigh. I forced myself back in to the present, thinking that that the panties would only get soaked, so I dropped them back in the drawer and looked at the small pile of bras. It was only then that I realized that I had pulled my sweater on without one. Thinking of this made me suddenly aware of how my nipples were brushing across the inside of the cotton sweater, rubbing against the soft material. What the hell, I thought, I don't have time for this, and I hurried away from the dresser, skipping a bra, and grabbing for my makeup.

In two minutes, I was all ready for my date and stopped to take a quick look in the mirror. My first thought was, "God, I look hot!" My second thought was, "Ian is not going to recognize me."

For the other two dates we had met straight after work, and I had worn relatively conservative outfits. On weekdays, I always wear my sandy hair, which is full of unruly curls, back in a tight knot, with just a few strands hanging down, bracketing my face. But tonight I had no time to mess with that, so with just a tad of gel, I left it loose and it hung to my shoulders in a sexy, tousled array. My eyes went from my hair down to my braless sweater, showing all kinds of cleavage, took in my miniskirt, whose length was only slightly longer than indecent, and slid down to my four inch heels, and finally back up to my face. Due to time constraints, I had applied very little eye makeup, but my lips, done up in fire engine red, made up for it. I looked like I was going clubbing, not to a backyard birthday party. I took a deep breath and then grabbed some large hoop earrings as I left my bedroom.

All of this took under five minutes, but that was still four and a half minutes longer that I was comfortable with Danny and Ian being in the same room. I walked in as Danny was handing Ian a bottle of beer. Ian turned when he heard me, and when his eyes got to me he froze.

I was one step into the living room, hands up, inserting an earring into my right earlobe, but when I saw Ian's eyes on me. I stood still, frozen in place.

His dark eyes did a quick once over from my unruly curls, down to the red toenails peeking out of my shoes, and back again. Then he repeated the action, more slowly; eyes lingering on my red lips, and down to my chest. I absently wondered if he could tell from there that I wasn't wearing a bra. I decided he probably could, and at that thought my nipples began to tingle and I felt a slight warmth down below.

All through this perusal, Ian's face held absolutely no expression. When he was done, his eyes locked onto mine, but he said nothing.

Danny was not so self-restrained. "Holy shit, Jen, you look hot."

I was not able to pull my eyes away from Ian's gaze, so I saw the annoyance creep into his expression at Danny's comment, along with something else.

Ian might feel annoyed, but it didn't hold a candle to what I was feeling toward my roommate at this point. Not only was Danny completely oblivious to the fact that my date might not be thrilled that my roommate is male (which I may have neglected to mention on our previous dates), but he was altogether clueless that its bad form to call your female roommate "hot" in front of her date.

Ian continued to look into my eyes.

"Good evening, Jenny. You look beautiful tonight."

"Thank you," I said quietly, breaking our gaze by looking down, suddenly feeling very self-conscious about my choice of attire.

This evening was supposed to be the make-or-break date. By the end of the night I would either break it off with Ian or take it up a notch. In the bedroom, while still on a post-orgasmic high, the outfit seemed somewhat of a dare, although it was unclear to me if I was daring myself or Ian.

But right now, I felt a little embarrassed; like I had disappointed Ian.

When I looked up, I wasn't able to meet Ian's eyes. A movement over his left shoulder caught my attention, and I watched Danny slowly slide his first and second fingers into his mouth. He closed his eyes as if savoring their flavor and then pulled them back out, ever so slowly; his tongue peeking out to circle the finger tips, opening his eyes and staring directly into mine.

Ian must have seen some sort of reaction in my face, as he stepped slightly to the side, in order to put Danny back into his line of sight. His eyes narrowed as he turned to look at Danny, but my roommate was using his hand to rub his chin, disguising his previous actions.

"Well you kids have fun tonight," Danny said with a wide grin. "I'll see you at Sophie's later."

Ian's brows went up at this comment, but he didn't comment. "Jen, are you ready to go?"

"I just need to grab my bag and a wrap," I said, as I went back to my bedroom. The temperature this evening was pretty mild, but I was feeling more than a little insecure about my outfit, so I pulled a cream cashmere wrap over my shoulders, knotted it between my breasts, and tried to cover as much cleavage as possible. I quickly grabbed my purse and a small gift bag and headed back out to meet Ian at the door. I saw that Danny still hovered in the background, a slight smirk on his face. This did not bode well for the night, so I decided to put a little effort into directing events into a better course.

"Danny, isn't Joe hosting a poker game tonight?" I asked as I walked toward the men, trying to sound just mildly curious. I had no idea if Joe was hosting a game tonight, although one could usually be found at his apartment most Saturdays. Danny would attend only occasionally, but I was hoping he'd take the hint and bow out of tonight. We did have a deal after all: our bedroom fun was to end once one of us hooked up with someone. This was my way of telling Danny that Ian was my new someone.

Apparently Danny didn't get it, or more likely he was ignoring our bargain in order to pursue his own agenda.

"Well I am feeling lucky tonight, so I may stop by there before heading over to Sophia's. But I don't want to waste all this luck on just cards. I have a feeling that there may be more good fortune waiting to pounce at the party."

The car ride to Sophia's was quiet and somewhat uncomfortable. I thought Ian would ask about Danny, or at least bring up the fact that I had never mentioned the fact that my roommate was male, but he kept his thoughts to himself.

After two dates with Ian the Accountant, who was always so polite and courteous, to the point of being almost boring, I now sat with a dark and brooding Ian, more similar to the mysterious man that I first agreed to go out with.

The party was crowded and loud. Most of the people were gathered in Sophia's spacious back yard, but more could be found throughout the house. Margaritas on the rocks were the featured drink of the evening and Jenny realized, maybe a little too late, that nerves were compelling her to drink them a little too quickly. Ian managed to find a scotch, and the alcohol seemed to be smoothing out the rough edges with which the date had started, and the two were enjoying themselves.

They left the group of people with whom they had been chatting, and heading over to a makeshift bar, set up in the corner of the yard. Ian placed his hand against Jenny's lower back to help steer her through the throngs of people, and Jenny, loving the feel of it, shifted slightly closer to him. After acquiring fresh drinks, his second but her third, they wandered over to the trunk of a large oak tree, and Jenny leaned against it, looking up at Ian.

"I know I mentioned it earlier, but you look very beautiful tonight." Ian stood very close to Jenny and reached up a finger to trail lightly from her temple, down the side of her face and along her throat. She stared up into his eyes, but he was watching his finger. As she gazed at Ian, Jenny wondered how she could have possibly considered breaking up with him.

His finger moved along her collarbone, barely grazing the skin, following the edge of her wrap. When it arrived at the knot in the middle, just over her heart, his other hand came up to help gently part the material. His head dipped to the side of her face and whispered in her ear, "So very beautiful," as he dipper lower and pressed a gentle kiss just below her ear. Jenny's eyes closed and her head tilted back to give his lips more access. Her hands were gripping his hips, although she had no memory of lifting them there.

"Jenny, you're mine tonight," he murmured against her neck, both hands sliding back and forth along the edges of her wrap, fingers grazing her skin. Jenny heard a small moan come from her lips. He sighed against her neck and pulled his head up. He rested his forehead against hers and cupped her shoulders with his hands.

"God, you're so very tempting," he said quietly, "but there are too many people around to for this to go where I want it to go."

Jenny's eyes were closed as she tried to pull herself together. Her entire body was on fire. She was seriously regretting her lack of a bra, as her nipples felt two inches long as they rubbed against her sweater. And with no panties to contain her arousal, she could smell how excited she was. She knew that it should embarrass her that Ian must be able to smell it too, but it only excited her more.

"Sweetheart, why don't you go in and freshen up and then we can head home." As he said this, his hands moved from her shoulders, down her back and pulled her into a gentle embrace. With their bodies so close, she discovered that she wasn't the only one with physical evidence of their arousal. She opened her eyes and stared into his. As they gazed at each other, they both understood what was meant by "heading home."

"Ok. I'll meet you by the front door. Would you mind saying good-by to Sophie for me?" She wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible.

Ian gave her a wicked grin, letting her know that he understood her thoughts. "No problem." His smile left his face and his look turned intense. "Front door-five minutes." It sounded more like a command than a request, and for a moment Jenny stood frozen, feeling like a deer in headlights, and she felt a little liquid drip down her thighs.

A swat on her butt snapped her out of it. "Off with you." Jenny blinked, then gave Ian a shy smile before scampering off in search of a powder room.

Jenny walked across the yard, confident that Ian was watching her every step of the way. She took long strides, feeling sexy in her stilettos, and enjoying the feel of her arousal between her legs. She wasn't in the habit of going commando under a skirt, and the combination of the air hitting her clit and the rubbing created by each step was a huge turn on; she didn't think she had ever felt so aroused in her life.

She arrived at the downstairs bathroom, and should have anticipated the line of people waiting. She thought of just skipping it and heading back to Ian, but wanted to use the facilities to avoid any delay once they got back to her (or his) apartment, so she decided to head upstairs.

At the top of the stairs, she strode down the hall to the (thankfully) open bathroom door, and heard footsteps behind her.

"Hey there, sexy. Came looking for me?"

"Danny!" Jenny spun around. "When did you get here?" she asked nervously. She was taking small steps backwards toward the bathroom and fidgeting with the knot of her wrap.

"Oh, I've been here a little while. I saw you and your date down by the oak tree." He was slowly walking toward her, but staying close to the wall. Jenny backed up against the opposite wall, attempting to keep distance between them.

"It looks like things were getting kind of hot and heavy with you two. I think I'll have to thank him later for warming you up for me." He continued to move, towards Jenny, but always along the wall. Jenny kept her back against the opposite wall and tried to slide away from him.

"Danny, this afternoon was the last time. I really like Ian and that was our deal: we stop once it became serious with someone else." She looked toward the bathroom, and Danny took one more small step to the side, putting himself between Jenny and the bathroom door. She realized what he had done and looked back to him, feeling cornered.

He spoke quietly. "Jenny, Jenny, Jenny. See, the thing is, this afternoon was all about you. I made you feel good, didn't I, Jenny?" His voice dropped low. "You enjoyed how I made you feel. You loved my fingers inside you." He became even quieter. Jenny had to stop herself from leaning toward him to hear. "You rode my fingers, loving every second of it. You rode them, while I rubbed your clit. You couldn't get enough. Oh god, Jenny; you screamed so hard when you came."

Jenny leaned her head against the wall and closed her eyes. His words were revving up her body, already on the edge. She took a deep breath, trying to calm herself down.

Danny spoke again. He had moved while her eyes were closed, and he sounded as if he were right in front of her. "Jenny, this afternoon was for you, but now it's my turn," he whispered.

His hands gently gripped her waist and slid up, under her sweater, along her ribcage, to just below her breasts. They paused there and Jenny could feel his breath near her ear. She was pressing her back, arms, and head against the wall, eyes still closed. She concentrated on her breathing: in and out, in and out; telling herself that she didn't want this. She didn't want Danny. This was a really bad idea.

His voice was barely audible as he breathed into her ear, "But Jenny, I think my turn will be so much better if you enjoy it too," and his hands moved across her breasts, just barely grazing her nipples, and his tongue caressed the shell of her ear.

She gasped and her eyes came open. "Oh god," she panted. "Danny, no." But it was only a whisper.

"Yes, Jenny. You know that this is what you want. You want it right here and you want it right now." His hands slid back down her sides to her hips, and around to caress her ass. He slowly began sliding her skirt up until his hands were on her bare skin.

"Mmmm..." he breathed into her neck, "Aren't you a very good girl; such a food and obedient listener." He stroked her ass, caressing her as his mouth moved, kissing first her neck, then her chin, until he finally made it to her lips. He licked her bottom lip and Jenny moaned once, then leaned in to kiss him.

The kiss went from slow and gentle to fiery in the space of a moment. Jenny's arms wrapped around his neck; her fingers gripped his hair. Danny groaned and pulled her tight to him, moving one hand along her thigh, yanking her leg up and around his hip. She could feel his erection, straining against his jeans, and wanting more, she rubbed herself against it. Danny pushed his body full against hers, pressing her into the wall, their lips never leaving each other.

With his left hand, Danny blindly reached out to find the bedroom door next to them and, turning the doorknob, he pushed it open. He then used that hand to pull her second leg up and around his hips. She gripped him with her thighs, skirt around her waist, and he stumbled into the bedroom and kicked the door closed.

He lowered her legs to the ground, and began to kiss his way down her neck. Jenny's legs felt weak, as his lips and tongue moved down her neck. Danny managed to remove the wrap and as it dropped to the floor, he reached into the scoop neck of her sweater and caressed her left breast, pulling it out to where his lips could find it. Jenny gasped as his lips closed over the nipple. He alternately sucked and stroked it with his tongue, while using his other hand to fondle the right breast.

"Oh god, Danny," Jenny groaned, fingers wrapped in his hair. She was leaning against the door, head tilted back, eyes closed.

Danny's lips moved to her other breast, and he spent equal time and care on it. His hands slowly moved down her hips, holding her skirt in place. He sat back on his heels before leaning forward, and placing his nose in the small thicket of hair between her legs. He took a deep breath through his nose.

"Jenny, you smell like heaven," he said low and huskily. His hand came around, thumbs gently moving her lips back, as one finger slipped inside of her.

"God, you're so wet for me." He breathed once more against her clit, and she held her breath as he made her wait one more second for his tongue. Finally it touched her, barely making contact with her clit, and she jerked and gasped. Then he dove in, licking and sucking her. His fingers moved inside her, first one, then two, moving in and out. She moaned and squirmed.

"Danny," she breathed, "God, yes, Danny! More!" She held his head as he made love to her cunt, using his tongue and his fingers. God, those fingers. He knew just how to move them, stroking the inside of her pussy. Before Danny, she never knew how many nerve endings she had in there.

She could feel the heat burning; starting in her belly and spreading out. "Yes, Danny! Oh my god! Holy shit." Her legs became weak, as she used the door to support her. Her eyes were closed and her head tossed back and forth against the door. Her hips rocked, as she met the thrust of his fingers.

"Yeah, baby," Danny said against her pussy. "You taste so good. I could eat you all day." He emphasized his point but taking her clit in his mouth and running his tongue all around it, fucking her even faster with his fingers.

Jenny could feel her orgasm just out of reach. "More, Danny. Faster." Her greedy pussy was clenching and thrusting against him.

Danny slowly removed his fingers and lifted his mouth. Jenny looked down at him, mind in a daze. He stood up and kissed her, at first gentle, and then harder. She could taste herself in the kiss and it turned her on more. She was confused and frustrated, her body hovering on the edge of what she knew would be a spectacular orgasm, but was willing to follow his lead.
