 About a month ago, my sex-crazed wife Donna and I got the idea to make porn movies with her as the star, and me as the videographer. She'd get dressed up in a killer outfit that accentuated her good looks: blonde hair, blue eyes, angel face, big. full gorgeous 38-D breasts, and a great ass. Then we'd go out to a bar (in separate cars), and she'd pick out a "co-star" that she liked, and invite him to follow her home. And I'd rush home ahead of them to get all the hidden video cameras and microphones in our living room set up (which I would monitor then from a room in the basement.) Then she'd bring the guy home, and have sex with him, and I'd capture it all on video that we could watch together later.

We'd done three of them so far: Donna and a young white guy, Donna and a young black guy, and Donna with two 30-ish white guys.. And everything went smooth and turned out great, but we needed a fresh idea for the next one. 

"How 'bout a female," I suggested.

She frowned. "No way. I like cocks."

"Okay then what?"

"How about THREE guys? The time with two was pretty exciting."

"Wow," I said. "That sounds dangerous to me. Too hard to control. Combining a hot, sexy woman, and three men, with sex and booze could get out of hand and you could get hurt."

"Maybe," she said. "But I'm a pretty tough broad. And you and Mr. Smith and Wesson would be right downstairs if things started getting out of hand. I vote for three men."

So that became the plan. But how does a woman pick up three men?

"Oh I think I can take care of that," she smiled.

She wanted to go to a Country and Western bar again, so we went to a place called "John B's," which was a well known C+W meat market in town. She decided to wear a thin, low-cut top with no bra underneath and her nipples clearly visible, and a tight cut-off jeans skirt. And she looked fucking terrific.

She sat on a stool at the bar, and I sat at a table about 20 feet away listening to her conversation transmitted from a little microphone in her purse.

And she started attracting attention right away. Starting with the bartender.

"Damn, darlin". You sure are lookin' FINE tonight. Are those breasts real?"

"Yep. Gifts from God," she said. 

"Well praise God. Because they are really great, darlin'. And I'm not the only guy in here who's noticing them. What can I get you.'

"A bottle of Bud with a shot of Cuervo on the side. Lemon, no salt."

You got it. And the first one's on the house just for looking so sexy and giving me something nice to look at while I work. My name's Billy."

"I'm Donna. Nice to meet you Billy."

As soon as she tossed back the tequila shot, two guys wearing cowboy hats sat down on either side of her.

The guy on her right said, "I'm Walt, baby. Can I buy you another round?"

"Sure, Walt. That'd be great." He ordered a beer and a shot for all of them.

"That fella sittin' on the other side of you is my little brother Steve. He's a little shy."

She reached across and shook his hand. "Hi Steve. Nice to meet you. I'm Donna. Don't be shy. I don't bite."

"Hell. I'm not shy. I'm just a man of few words, unlike my yappy brother. Nice to meet you, darlin'. Has anybody ever told you that you are a smokin' hot woman?"

"Yeah," she said. "I've heard that a few times, but thanks for saying it."

"Oh I'm not bullshitting you, darlin. I'm dead serious. I'm gettin' a hard on just looking at those tits of yours."

She slid her left hand up his thigh to his crotch. "Damn, Steve. You're not lying." 

"Nope," he said. "My Momma taught me to always tell the truth. And since you started the feeling up, am I allowed to do it too?"

"Unless I stop you Steve, you're free to reciprocate."

He did. He slid his right hand up her left thigh and up under her skirt.

"Ooohh, Steve. Now you're getting me hot."

"That's the plan, baby. Are you married?"

"Divorced. In fact, that's why I came in here tonight. I haven't had a man in months, and I was hoping to hook up with a couple of fellas I could take home tonight."

"A couple?" Walt said. "As in two?"

"Actually I was thinking about THREE. You guys got another friend who'd be interested?"

"Well shit, baby. Our other brother Bobby is due here at any time. And I'm damn sure he'd be interested. Are you serious?"

What do you think. You're boys are feeling up my thighs and trying to get inside my panties, and Walt is sneaking grabs of my boobs, and I'm not stopping you. Am I acting serious?"

"Jesus," Walt said. "I think we may have hit the sexual lottery tonight brother."

"Yeah. I was just thinking the same thing."

Then Donna excused her self and went to the ladies room, and while she was gone, brother Bobby showed up, and they quickly filled him in on the situation. And he got a big smile on his face.

"She ain't no dog is she?" he asked.

"Not even close, brother," Walt said. "In fact. Check her out for yourself. Here she comes now."

"The blonde with the big tits?"

"Yep," Steve said.

"Dayum, man. That is a fine lookin' woman. And she invited us back to her place."

"Yep," Steve said. "Are you game?"

Fuck YES, I'm game!"

When Donna got back Walt and Steve introduced her to Bobby. And they had three more rounds as they got to know each other better. And I quickly realized that Donna had picked out her co-stars for the night, so I left and went home to get things ready.

And they got there about 30 minutes later, and as soon as they were inside they surrounded her, and started kissing her, and playing with her tits, and rubbing her pussy. And she responded by squeezing and fondling their dicks through their pants.

And it didn't take long before they were all naked. And Donna was kneeling in front of them taking turns sucking their dicks. First Walt. Then Bobby. Then Steve. Then Bobby again, and Steve again. And after about ten minutes of full bore sucking she had them all stiff, and hard, and moaning. And as she sucked them, they were squeezing and fondling her breasts, and diddling her pussy and clit. And she was moaning too.

Then she laid on her back on the floor and spread her legs, and Steve started fucking her while Walt and Bobby knelt on both sides of her face and took turns fucking her mouth.

And she started gasping, and whimpering, and gagging, and chocking.

"Mmmm! Uh huh! Oh shit! Do me, guys. DO ME!"

They did. And she came twice in about ten minutes. Then Walt started fucking her pussy while Steve and Bobby fucked her mouth. And she came again. And they switched around for the next 30 minutes as she writhed and quivered beneath them, and came 2 or 3 times again.

And they finally got to what I think she was hoping for all along: getting triple fucked in her cunt, and her ass, and her mouth all at the same time.

And she was fucking delirious with pleasure. And they kept it up like that for a good 20 minutes during which she bucked, and shivered, and shook, and deep throated them, and appeared to come continuously. Over and over again.

And one by one they eventually came hard, and rolled off to the side. And Donna just laid on her back, exhausted, with their cum splattered all over her face, and her tits, and her belly.

And after about 10 minutes they rallied and went at her again. Harder and rougher this time, and she responded enthusiastically, taking all they could give her. And she came 5 or 6 more times before they got off of her again. 

She finally told them that she'd had enough, and they had to go. And they'd gotten what they came for and were satisfied. So they put on their clothes and their cowboy hats, and left.

I went upstairs and she looked and me and smiled. "Damn, Jim. That was fantastic. Having three cocks fucking me at the same time was...

...unbelievably good."

"Yeah. I could tell," I said. "Will you ever be satisfied with just one cock again?"

"Come here and I'll show you," she said.

She did. In spades. First I fucked her up her pussy, then between her tits, and she finished up by deep throating me until we came simultaneously.