 This story, like most that will be submitted by me , is a collaboration between my beautiful wife and myself. We have been writing stories for each other for some time, and have decided to share them. Some are true, some are fantasies, but I won't tell which... Enjoy.

*

The following morning, I could hear Naomi get up for work. After showering and getting around, she leaves out the front door, not noticing me watching her pull out the driveway. She surprised me last night, now it's my turn to return the favor.

She arrives home from work that afternoon where I greet her at the door wearing the usual shorts and T-shirt. Today was casual Friday, so she is wearing jeans and a T-shirt and carrying her work bags up the sidewalk. I take her bags from her, embrace her in a strong hug, and kiss my beautiful, hard-working wife in a passionate kiss. During the embrace, I let my hands wander over her body from the back of her head, to her perfect ass, and she does the same.

Without breaking our kiss, I lift her up, wrap her legs around me, and drag her into the house. Her bags fall in front of the TV stand as we pass by on our way in to the living room. At this point, our breathing becomes much more rapid, and little moans begin to escape our embrace. Forcefully, I place Naomi on the living room chair and begin to peel the clothing from her body. As I yank the shoes from her feet, and pull her jeans off, panties and all, she sits up and begins to tear at the belt on my shorts.

Unbuckling the belt, she nearly rips my shorts apart as she yanks them open to get to my manhood. Pulling down shorts and boxer all at once, I haven't even the time to step out of them before burying my cock in her mouth, causing me to let out a low groan of appreciation. She expertly swirled her tongue around the head of my cock while using one hand to pump my shaft, and the other to gently massage my balls. I was in heaven. She always was the only woman to make me cum with her mouth. 

Feeling the pressure building within me, and not wanting to finish so soon, I pulled my cock from her mouth, flipped her over on her knees, and buried myself in her hilt deep, all in one fell swoop. The sudden violation of her pussy caused a sharp squeal to spring forth from her wonderful mouth. The extreme wetness of her pussy made thrusting in and out of her all that much easier, still I tore in to her pussy with reckless abandon.

The ferocity of my hard intrusions were equally matched by her forcing herself on my cock, causing the chair to thump up and down on the living room floor. Soon Naomi was screaming in delight as orgasm racked her body by the rough, wanton, pleasure my sex was delivering to her. 

When her screams began to turn to moans of appreciation, my thrusts slowed and had become more deliberate as I filled her love nest with my seed causing a mingling of juices to slowly run down her inner thighs. We fell forward, me behind her, in to the back of the chair, breathing fast and hard. 

With myself still within her sacred walls, I began kissing the back of her neck, slowly, biting the nape just below her ear. Naomi moaned, her head still lost in the clouds from the love they had just shared, wondering what was in store for the remainder of the evening.....

Later that night, after they had eaten dinner and relaxed for a while, Naomi excused herself, took a shower, and got ready for bed. Expecting nothing out of the ordinary, once she was finished, I got up and did the same. 

I finished showering, brushed my teeth, and prepared to exit the bathroom and crawl in to bed. When I opened the door, the room was alight with candles, and there, on the bed, facing me, was Naomi. She was dressed in a little red nightie, thigh-highs, and heels, with a little matching red thong that was pulled to the side so she could bury two of her fingers in to her pussy. My cock instantly sprang to attention. The sight of her laying here, playing with her pussy, was almost enough to make me shoot my load in my boxers. Slowly I began to take out my cock and stroke it in front of this lovely sight.

After a couple of minutes of watching each other, I moved closer to the bed. I could take no more, I had to taste that sweet, juicy pussy! As I kneeled down in front of the bed, I grabbed her hands and held them down to her sides, replacing them with my tongue. I began licking, and sucking every bit of her delicious pussy, not wanting to let a drop go to waste. Her pussy was so wet, a small stream started to form, and trickled down over her asshole, creating a good sized wet spot on the bed. Slowly I inserted two fingers in to her and began to move them in and out, accompanied with squeals of delight. Sucking on her clit caused her legs to clamp down around my head as her body thrashed with orgasm.

Not wanting to be outdone, Naomi pulled me to my feet, pushed me down on the bed, and impaled her mouth on my cock. The feeling was shear bliss. She crawled on to the bed, my cock still in her mouth, to a 90 degree angle, so I could watch her continue to play with her pussy as she sucked the life from my throbbing member. While bobbing up and down on my cock, she reached over, without ever breaking contact, and pulled the finger sized vibrator from the sex box, and shoved it in her pussy. The sight was amazing.

Once properly lubed, I was in awe as she slowly inserted the small toy in to her own ass with a muffled gasp, beginning to move it slowly in and out. This was all I could take. I got up, maneuvered her to the edge of the bed, placed the head of my cock at the door to her love hole, and pushed myself in, while she continued the violation of her asshole now in clear view. The sensation was almost overwhelming. I would push all the way in only to leave it there, kissing her back, feeling the vibration through her ass, on my cock. Our moans increased as the pleasure intensified. I asked her if she liked my cock fucking her as I smacked her ass, leaving a small hand print. She responded with a low growl and pleas to fuck her harder, which I happily obliged. 

Feeling the tingle of orgasm, I laid her on her side, and snuggled up behind her, cock still buried in her pussy. Our breathing became rapid, growing toward the explosion of sexual release. The Vibrator all the way in her ass now, and me thrusting harder and harder, Naomi let out one long, loud moan, her pussy clamping tightly around my cock, as she burst in to orgasm. The sudden rush of warmth and fluid encasing my cock was all it took to send me over the edge, and I shot my load deep in to her hot hole, pistoning out fluid like a broken engine. 

Turning her head toward me, we embraced in a long passionate kiss, our tongues tasting the love on one another. As the kiss ended, we pulled the small pink toy from her ass, pulled a blanket over the two of us, and fell asleep in front of the fan, my cock still dripping the last of its juice in her love canal. Soon, we drifted off to sleep....

To Be Continued...