 Joe inhaled deeply, savoring the crisp clean mountain air. His eyes absorbed the breathtaking panorama of the city and it’s pristine coastline with vast expanses of sandy white beaches. For as far as he could see, the magnificent countryside stretched, bursting with bountiful rivers and a unique flora system. He was overlooking an area considered to be one of the most beautiful in Africa. Located at the southern tip of the African continent and nestling between the cold blue waters of the Atlantic Ocean and the warmer surf of the Indian Ocean’s was the Cape.

“Welcome to Cape Town, the Mother city of South Africa,” Megan said softly, brushing a windswept strand of auburn hair from her face. Joe smiled and turned towards her. She was like a breath of fresh air herself. Vibrant, friendly and with an earthy sexiness that seemed to radiate from her green eyes and emanate from every pore of her lithe body. “ Sir Francis Drake, the great explorer remarked that this was the fairest Cape that he had ever seen in the whole circumference of the earth. What do you think, Mr. Traveler?” she asked sultrily.

“It’s stunning, and the South Africa women are not bad either,” he quipped letting his blue eyes rake over her. Megan smiled coyly. During their exhilarating cable car ascent of Table Mountain, rising over 3000 feet to the flat summit, Joe had pressed his hard body close to hers. His clean masculine smell mingled with the faint scent of after-shave teased her senses and caused her heart to race wildly. For a moment she thought back to their meeting and how they came to be together on this spectacular peak sculpted from sandstone. 

From her first glimpse of him at the International Earth Summit Conference, where she was a representative for one of the local companies, Megan had been attracted to Joe. The convention was teeming with American and European delegates, but he stood out. It was his sexy distinguished look. Tall and athletic, blonde hair flecked with gray and the way he moved, that had caught her attention. After observing him from a distance for a couple of days and establishing that he was alone, she had boldly introduced herself to him.

Joe had been delighted to meet her. No matter how luxurious the Convention Center and Hotel was, he felt cooped up and restless like a caged animal. As a man who loved the outdoors, the wind on his face and lots of wide-open spaces, the claustrophobia was getting to him. Closing in like a vice around his throat. He could take just so much of the structured program, the networking, and the backslapping dignitaries with their expansive promises and long drawn-out speeches. Thank God this was the final day, he thought. Just the closing dinner banquet to get through and then it was over. His endurance was stretched. He needed to go for a jog, let off some steam and get laid. And then she appeared before him like a welcome oasis in a hot dry desert. Fresh and bubbling with life-giving energy. Her joyous laugh was infectious making him want to smile and her exotic accent, so different to his own, was utterly captivating. 

Megan had learned that although well traveled, this was Joe’s first trip to South Africa and he had a single day at leisure when the conference ended. Business commitments required that he return home abroad almost immediately.

“So you have come all the way to sunny South Africa to look at hotel walls and spend time with men in suits?” Megan inquired cheekily.

“No, I visited the tourist store in the hotel lobby, as well and bought some great postcards.” Joe teased with a serious face, but his deep blue eyes twinkled with mirth. “So I’ve seen most of what there is to see. As they say, been there, done that, got the pictures!”

Megan laughed throatily. “Pictures just don’t do it. Damn Joe, you’re in the Cape! You have to feel it, you have to experience it, you have breath it! After all, the culture here comes from the diverse cultural melting pot of Indonesian, French, Dutch, British and German settlers, as well as the local Khoisan Bushman, Hottentot and Black tribes from the north,” she enthused. “ So how about I give you a small taste of Africa and show you around?”

Joe watched her mouth as she spoke. It was luscious and full with soft pouting lips. The kind of mouth he loved to kiss and to have wrapped around his thick hard cock. “Yeah, I’d love a taste of what Africa has to offer,” he said huskily, letting his mind drift to the delicious nectar that sprang from her loins. “So choose your favorite places and let’s go. I’m yours for the taking...” Megan smiled, she had the perfect day planned for them, filled with natural beauty, adventure and all things earthy.

“You’re in good strong hands,” Joe said, as he slipped his arm around her slim waist and guided her towards the winding trail. 

“Ok, so we hike down the mountain instead of taking the cable car?” Megan asked, enjoying the warmth from Joe’s body. It was a couple of degrees cooler at the top as they began their descent along the rugged footpath flanked by a wide variety of plants, many of them appearing no where else on earth. They walked down, their bodies brushing against each other, his fingers linking with hers. When the path narrowed and they walked in single file over rocky terrain, his strong hands steadied her with firm grasps and light lingering touches over the contours of her body. The wind picked up and some clouds rolled in. “Devil’s Peak will soon be blanketed in cloud,” Megan remarked.

“Devil’s Peak?” 

She nodded and pointed to an adjoining mountain range. “It was named Devil’s Peak, because of various local legends that accuse good old Satan of a smoking addiction, so severe he regularly obscures the mountain top in a cloud of exhale.” Megan replied chuckling.

Joe laughed heartily. He was having fun. The outdoor exercise and her closeness had his adrenaline pumping and he could feel the "devil" in his pants steadily peaking. 

Later, they relaxed in the green shade cast by large oak trees at one of the Wine Estates. It was set in a splendid maze of steep mountains and verdant valleys. A waiter placed a platter before them crammed full with cheese, olives, cherry tomatoes and fresh crusty bread. Two bunches of succulent grapes completed the delicious array.

They sat opposite each other at the small wooden table, their knees touching lightly. 

“Well everything looks very tempting,” Joe said seductively as he poured them each a glass of well-rounded wine. “I hope that I will be able to indulge in all that I see...”

Megan sipped her wine and looked at him. He had been subtly flirting with her all day. She flashed him a dark sexy look and flirted back. “Well that depends on your appetite and your stamina doesn’t it?” 

“Oh my appetites are huge and plentiful, and you just want to see my stamina…” he replied, pressing a plump olive to her lips. She parted them slightly and let the olive slide slowly into her mouth. She rolled it around her tongue, before chewing and swallowing it. Joe watched her mouth and the sensual way she used it. His cock stirred in delicious anticipation.

“It’s firm and salty,” she said, licking her lips lasciviously. “I want more.” 

Mmm, you want more...” Joe teased, “Ask me nicely.” 

Megan ran the tip of her tongue over her lips and fed Joe a cube of cheese, letting her fingertip lightly touch his face. The taste of the ripe, mature cheese filled his mouth. “It’s smooth and creamy, with a hint of moistness,” he said huskily, sliding another olive between her lips. She caught his finger in her mouth and let her tongue glide around the tip, before drawing it deeply in and sucking it sensuously. Joe’s cock responded immediately, growing rigid and stiff as he watched and felt her mouth lavishing oral attention on his thick index finger.

“Jesus,” he groaned, pulling his glistening digit from her mouth. You’re a naughty girl.”

“Mmm more like a greedy, hungry girl,” she purred, “One who knows what she likes.”

“And what would that be?” Joe asked, taking a bite of bread and chewing slowly. His eyes never left her face.

“Well, I enjoy using my senses. Touch, taste, smell, hearing and sight to savor nature’s bounty and goodness. I like textures, hard and smooth to tantalize my tastebuds.” She smiled and took a long sip of her wine, swallowing deeply. “Mmmm I love the robust fullness as it slides down my throat...” Joe got up and moved to the chair alongside hers. He smiled at her and trailed his hand along the warm smoothness of her inner thigh. She gasped softly, quite unprepared for his swift movements.

He pressed his mouth close to her ear and whispered “ Megan, you’re a greedy, teasing, cock hungry slut, aren't you?" She smiled seductively, his words sent a shiver of excitement up her spine. He continued, his warm breath teasing her ear. "And I have an eat- as- much- as- you- like buffet right here.” His hand guided hers over the taut fabric of his swollen groin. It was hard and hot to her lingering touch.

The people at the table opposite glanced at them and smiled knowingly. “Shit Joe,” Megan groaned softly, “People are watching us.” His hand found its way back to her thigh creeping higher in search of her hidden treasure. With his other hand he plucked a luscious black grape from the bunch and pushed it deep into her mouth. Oh God, Megan thought, as the grape exploded between her teeth and the sweet juice filled her mouth, my pussy is so fucking wet. 

As if reading her mind, Joe popped a grape into his own mouth and growled in a low voice. “And after you have feasted on my hot meat buffet and drunk from my gushing fountain, I will slowly savor dessert. Big juicy grapes, fresh from the steamy wet depths...” He paused, watching her eyes.

Megan exhaled deeply, suddenly realizing that she had been holding her breath. 

“Of your hot hungry cunt!” he hissed. 

The raw sexual energy between them was overwhelming. Megan stood quickly and disappeared in the direction of the ladies room. Joe reached under the table and rubbed his hand over his aching cock, trying to quell the deep ache. Megan returned. Her face flushed, a wild fevered look in her blazing eyes.

“Come with me,” she said, grabbing Joe’s hand and leading him away from the dining area.

“The ladies room?” Joe asked, as he pulled her close and kissed her hard when they were out of sight of the diners.

“No,” Megan moaned, her lips seeking his mouth in another passionate, bruising kiss, “ Too busy.” She dragged him to a small alcove behind the main building. The sounds of voices drifted to them. They were still in close proximity to people but she didn’t care. Joe pushed her against the wall and let his hand slide up her thigh to her panties. His eyes widened when he discovered that she had removed them and his fingers slid straight into her frothing cunt. He scooped some pussy juice out and brought it to his mouth.

“God, you taste good,” he groaned as he relished her warm honey tang and breathed in her musky scent. Megan wanted to savor his taste as well, but they were in a raging sexual frenzy. Like two animals in heat, desperate to mate, to fuck! Joe unzipped his pants and his cock sprung free thick and engorged, with an angry looking purple head. He grabbed Megan’s leg and lifted it high up onto his waist as he plowed his rampant hardness deep into her scorching cunt.

“Yes, yes!” she cried, “Fuck me, fuck me hard, harder!” she urged. Her pussy walls gripped his pistoning cock tightly and her muscles worked his throbbing hardness. She met each one of his savage thrusts, grinding her pelvis against his and grasping him firmly. The base of his thick cock rubbed against her swollen clit and her wetness seeped down her thigh. The scent of their fucking hung heavily in the air around them, heightening their excitement. They heard the sound of approaching voices and Megan’s heart felt like it might burst in her chest. 

“Oh God, I’m going to cum,” she panted as the first wave of orgasm smashed into her abdomen and rocked her backwards. “Fuck yes! Yes!” she cried sharply. Joe pressed his hand against her mouth hard, silencing her screams of pleasure as her cunt convulsed around his erupting cock.

“Oh yeah baby, that was good, so good,” Joe moaned breathlessly, as the last of his seed spilled into her throbbing and twitching pussy. He had sprayed a massive load inside her and some dribbled out as he withdrew. Megan fell against him, spent and shaky as they kissed softly in the warm glow of their passion and the afternoon sun. 

"I have something that I need to do," Joe said, his eyes glinting, "Before we return to the table."

"Oh yes, what is it?" Megan asked curiously.

Joe reached into his pocket and produced three firm, round grapes. 

"Oh Jesus no!" Megan gasped, as he pushed the grapes deep into her freshly fucked cunt. She clenched her muscles involuntarily to keep them from slipping out of her oozing crevice. 

"I'll have dessert later, when they are nicely marinated..." he said lewdly licking his fingers, "Now put on your panties, and lets go have lunch." 

They returned to their table. Megan was acutely aware of the invading fruit that was snugly buried deep inside her tight tunnel. Fuck, she thought, resisting the urge to clench her pussy too hard around the teasing cold globes. It was so erotic, but she hoped to God that they stayed intact. Joe nodded politely at the astonished waiter and chuckled at the thought that he had probably got a huge eyeful of them frantically fucking like two horny rabbits.

“Just one more place to experience, “ Megan said as she pulled off the winding road and parked the car. She reached over to the back seat and grabbed a basket. “Follow me stud,” she said conspiratorially. 

“Baby I’m in your hands,” Joe said laughingly, “Although I’d rather be in your mouth, and feasting on your fruit...”

“Well you might just get lucky,” Megan winked saucily, “I’m beginning to feel hungry again.”

“Ah that voracious appetite...” Joe stopped and gasped at the sight before them. They had navigated their way down a very steep path flanked by lush green vegetation and then they came upon it. Recessed discreetly behind two massive granite boulders was the most beautiful remote beach Joe had ever seen. He stared in wonder. The sand was shimmery white and powder soft. They padded barefoot over it until they found a secluded spot. 

Megan reached into the basket and brought out a bottle of chilled champagne and two long stemmed crystal champagne flutes. She spread a soft quilt on the sand and dropped down onto it while Joe poured some of the cold bubbly liquid into a glass and handed it to her. She smiled as his eyes appraised her, taking in the contrast of her tanned, sun-kissed skin against the thin white lace of her dress.

“My God, this place is stunningly beautiful,” Joe said hoarsely. A gentle wind ruffled his hair and Megan felt the pulse in her throat begin to throb as he draped his arm casually around her. They looked out at the clear blue ocean. The swells were good and the waves crashed onto the shore as the tide began to rise.

“This beach is outstanding for surfing,” Joe remarked, as his hand moved slowly up to the nape of Megan’s neck and trailed through her hair. He touched her lightly, letting little tingles rush up her spine. She sighed softly as he dragged his tongue from the back of her neck towards her shoulder. His fingertips brushed her bare arms and she moaned as she stretched her body languidly. Her nipples were rock hard, poking through the thin fabric of her dress. Joe moved his mouth to hers and teased her lips with the tip of his tongue. She tried to kiss him, but he pulled back and held her firmly.

“Still so greedy my sweet slut,” he murmured, as he slowly peeled off her dress leaving her in her stained white thong. He buried his nose between her thighs and smelled the strong cunty aroma of her recently fucked pussy. The remnants of his cum mingled with her juices on her stained panties. “I want this as my special souvenir,” he said as he scraped his teeth across the soiled fabric covering her mound. A deep throbbing heat coursed through Megan’s pussy as she felt his warm breath radiating over her and teasing her groin.

“Oh Joe, she begged, don’t do this to me, please!” He ignored her and dragged his tongue up over her flat belly and navel to her engorged nipples. They were like rock hard pebbles, pointy and aching to be sucked. He flicked his tongue slowly over them and then sucked them into his mouth causing her to gasp and squirm. His lavish tit sucking and the warm breeze caressing her were a heady combination of erotic pleasure. Her cunt pulsed with excitement and her breath caught in her chest. She could feel Joe’s thick bulge straining against her thigh. She moved her hand to touch it, teasingly tracing the outline with her long nails. Joe growled deeply and sat up stripping off his clothes, while she slipped her fingers inside her thong and ripped it off.

Joe’s cock was above average, thick with bulging veins and a smooth glistening head. A small drop of precum dribbled from the slit and her mouth watered to taste it. Megan pushed him down on his back and moved her face enticingly to his groin. She blew softly onto his cock and watched it jerk responsively. Changing her position, she lowered herself over Joe’s naked body in a sixty- nine position and rubbed her soaking wet pussy over his mouth. 

Megan kissed his balls and let her tongue slide over the soft skin between them. His cock was like a steel rod. She felt the heat emanating from it as she slowly slid her tongue from the base all the way up the rigid shaft to the top. Her lips surrounded the head of his cock and she thrust her head down while she sucked him. Her tongue swirled like a slippery snake flicking back and forth and around his throbbing glans.

“Ahhh," he groaned as he felt her talented mouth working his dick. His tongue was devouring her cunt, sliding between the wet pink folds and vibrating her hard swollen clit. He slipped a finger inside her and stretched her open so his tongue could deep-fuck her steaming pussy and hook out the juicy grapes. She let out a groan as she felt the grapes pop out of her pussy. Joe devoured them slowly. 

"Mmm the food of the Gods," he sighed as he relished their juicy succulence. Joe breathed deeply savoring the musky scent of her pussy and the salty smell of the sea. The taste of the sweet grapes and her pussy juice lingered on his tongue.  Megan stopped sucking Joe but kept stroking him with her hand not wanting to break the rhythm. She reached over to take a sip of her champagne, and with the cold bubbly liquid in her mouth she slid her lips back over Joe’s aching cock.

“Fuck!” he gasped as the sensations of cool frothy liquid and soft wet tongue conspired to tease his raging hot cock. He thrust hard, deep into Megan’s mouth. He was dizzy with desire and the sound of the crashing waves roared in his ears. Megan swallowed the champagne, tasting the heady flavor of precum mixed with the sweet,icy bubbles. She felt Joe slide the warm fullness of his tongue from her tight ass hole all the way up to her clit, and then capture it into his mouth.  He sucked it firmly but gently, slipping two fingers up to the first knuckle into her love hole. 

“Give it to me, finger fuck me!” she hissed, letting Joe’s cock slip from her mouth. The teasing was driving her wild, and Joe felt the tight grip of her greedy cunt wanting to suck his fingers inside. He plunged them in deeply, moving them in and out and from side to side, finger fucking her into a frenzy while his mouth sucked her clit. He slid the index finger from his other hand up her humid ass and she screamed and writhed on top of him. Megan lost all sense of time and place. Her mouth latched onto his cock again and she sucked harder, more fervently. Her hands were everywhere, stroking his ass, his balls. Rubbing and touching until she felt him tensing. She was desperate to taste him and to milk him of his fertile seed. His cock swelled dangerously and she felt the deep throbs as she gripped his shaft firmly. He let out a wild guttural howl as the first spurts of thick hot creamy cum shot into her waiting mouth. She swallowed, tasting his sweet saltiness and licked the pulsating head clean. Her own orgasm was bubbling wanting to erupt like a volcano. She pressed her drenched pussy down harder onto his mouth and let the exquisite explosion wash over her as her cunt walls throbbed and tightened around his fingers, flooding cum into his mouth.  Megan cried out loudly. Her body shuddered, the sounds of the ocean and tide merging with the thudding in her ears, the pounding of her heart, and the pulsing contractions deep inside her cunt. 
