 Previously I chronicled a request made by my wife Sophie to 'help' her mom get over the death of her husband, George. That in itself was not unreasonable; Esther (my mother-in-law) and I got along pretty well and Sophie did care for her mom's well-being. No, it was how Sophie wanted me to 'help' Esther - by sleeping with her to remind her she is a vibrant woman with a lot left to offer.

To make a long story short, I thought about this long and hard, because the method was unusual to say the least, and I didn't want anything to jeopardize my marriage to Sophie. Sophie assured me it was her idea and she would appreciate it if I could help her mom get out of her funk. Then as a way of assuring me of her honest intentions, she began performing sex acts that I really like, but she doesn't , such as taking my cum in her mouth and swallowing it and letting me fuck her in the ass. The former was great, but the latter was unexpected. We'd done it a handful of times while dating 23 years ago, but since then every time I tried to snuggle into her tush she complained I was too big and it hurt. My cock is 6 3/4 inches at its most stiff. It isn't a pencil dick, but it isn't an eggplant either. But she suddenly allowed, and even encouraged me, to penetrate her butthole. I couldn't help but wonder why the sudden change in attitude. I found out soon enough. 

We were home drinking wine. I asked Sophie why she was in the mood for anal sex these days. I used to always ask, actually beg, for it and she had always said 'No', but now it was like she couldn't get enough. Sophie drank way more wine than usual and she was quite tipsy and her speech was slurred. 

"Ya wanna know why I let ya fuck me in the ass, right? OK, Pete ol' buddy, I'll tell ya. I had some practice with a friend! Whaddya think of that, huh!"

It was like being hit in the face with a brick. Was Sophie admitting to an affair (or more than one?) where she allowed some other man's (or mens') cock(s) into the anus that for years she denied me? Had she blown these unknown cocks until they exploded in her mouth? I looked at Sophie. She drank more wine and continued

"In fact, I think I'm getting out of practice lately. It may be time for a booster session. Wanna watch me do it? Come with me and I know you'll like what you see!"

Sophie was asking me to join her and watch her accept someone in her butt, or mouth, or cunt, or maybe all three. I couldn't believe her nerve! And yet, drunk as she was and as hurt as I felt, there was something hypnotic in her facial expression and voice that make it damn near impossible to refuse. I stood up to leave but then my mouth said things my brains told it not to

" I don't know if I can! I'm afraid of what I'll see. Maybe it's better off if I don't know!"

But Sophie had lived with me for more than 22 years and she knew me better than I knew myself. She assured me I'd love it. At first I'd only watch, but then after a while, maybe I'd want to join in! She

swallowed her wine and looked at my half-full glass. She asked if she could have it and I waved my hand to take it. 

Sophie was pretty drunk but I was the one with a massive headache. I tried to make sense of what she had just told me. But before I got too deep into thought, she unexpectedly yanked down my pants and BVDs and looked with lust at my cock.

"Come to Mamma! I want your cum, NOW!" she demanded.

My dick disappeared into her mouth. Her sucking was intense and sloppy and I got very hard in spite of my conflicted emotions. Soon I was bucking my hips trying to force it down her throat. Sophie's eyes were closed and she let out sounds of pure delight. My dick was more completely in her mouth than I could recall. I guess getting it in the ass wasn't the only 'training' she was receiving! But in spite of this, I felt my balls tighten in preparation for release. And then it happened, my cock exploded in streamers of hot sticky spunk directly into my wife's mouth. She moaned louder and sucked me hard to tease out every drop. When I had no more to give she let me plop out of her mouth. Sophie tilted her head to look up at me and opened her jaws to show me the pool of spunk I had deposited. Then she swallowed with a loud gulp.

She licked her lips and said

"Mmmm, that was tasty. I hope you have lots more! Do you know I came just now without you or me touching my cunny? I didn't know I could do that!"

I just staggered to the couch and fell in. Sophie sat next to me and began stroking my wilting cock. In no time flat it was hard again and I shot a fresh load of cum onto her fingers. Sophie eagerly lapped it up before telling me

"I'm going for a session tomorrow. I want you to be there. You may be shocked and surprised and maybe disappointed in me, but I know in the end you'll love it! After all, we can't be keeping secrets between us!"

She repeated to herself

"In the end"

and started laughing out loud.

With that she skipped like a young girl into our bedroom. Soon I heard gasps and other sounds coming from there. I went over to see what was going on. There was Sophie on the bed with her legs wide open furiously fingering herself into a gigantic orgasm. That was another thing she never let me watch. I was learning a lot about my wife of 22 years. My mind was reeling from all these revelations and I thought I'd be better off sleeping on the couch that night, assuming I could sleep at all!

It was morning. My head throbbed. I barely slept, imagining one, two, maybe a hundred or a thousand strange men having their way with my wife. And in my mind's eye I watched them dumped load after load of spunk into her mouth, cunt and asshole. And each time Sophie made sure I witnessed every detail. And she laughed and the men laughed and I was the butt of their not-so-private joke. 

Sophie padded into the living room. She asked why I hadn't come to bed and mumbled something about feeling like death. Before I could answer she wandered into the kitchen and poured herself a cup of strong black coffee. She returned to the living room and sat beside me. 

"I guess I shocked you last night. I didn't mean to, but now that it's out I think we should consider the present and future. I really meant what I said when I asked you to stop by and see what's been helping me enjoy the kind of sex you want. I hope you do. I'll be there no later than 5:30. I'll leave you the address. Please come. You won't be sorry!"

Sophie left the room and soon I heard the shower running followed by her getting dressed for work. She walked to me and handed me a slip of paper. Then she kissed me.

"5:30, don't forget!"

With that she was out the door.

I opened the paper and saw a street address with no name and no phone number. I wondered if I should go to work or stay home. I felt like shit, but the realization I'd have the whole day to let my imagination run wild seemed the worse choice. I showered and shaved and got dressed. Then I went to my office. 

Mercifully the day was busy and I had little time to fret about what might happen that evening. At 5:00 I got ready to leave. I wished my secretary a good night and walked out into an uncertain life. 

I looked again at the slip of paper; 

3134 Timmons Street. 

That was where I was to go and watch Sophie do whatever she did with who knows who for who knows how long. It was a four mile drive and I pulled into the lot just at 5:25. About two dozen other cars were already there. I didn't see Sophie's car, so she might not have arrived or maybe she parked somewhere else. The building had no windows and appeared to be a warehouse. I noticed a single door and headed for it. I knocked but got no response. I turned the handle and pushed the door open. I stepped in. It was very dark, with occasional bare bulbs giving off weak illumination. As I went further inside I began to hear music and peoples' voices. My mind told me to turn around and go home, that there was nothing here I needed to see, but my legs propelled me forward where I learned

My Wife's Secret

Soon I came to a door on my left. The music and voices were behind it. I walked into the new room and saw a number of people in various states of undress mingling. Some were chatting, others were having drinks at the bar and still others were engaged in different forms of sex. I carefully looked around the room and didn't see Sophie. I was about to leave when I spotted another door in the back of the room. I headed toward it, bumping into women and men until I reached my destination. I put my ear to the door and heard a female voice. It was Sophie's! I couldn't help myself, much as I didn't want to I just had to know what she was doing! 

I quietly opened the door and peered in. At first I didn't see Sophie, but I followed the voice and found her on a mat completely naked, her arms, head and tits flat on the floor and her ass way up in the air. She was getting fucked from behind! I was in complete shock! I watched in a trance. Then I heard

"Pete, you're here! I knew you couldn't stay away! Come on in and meet my friend!"

I walked in. I had no control over my actions. 

I just watched as Sophie got fucked from behind by a guy with a really thick cock. I got a little closer, still unable to believe my eyes.

"Sophie?"

She had a huge grin when she looked at me. Then her face contorted and she let out a loud, primal moan. Her fucker thrust in faster and harder and Sophie responded with "Ughs" and "Ohs" ending with an "AAAAAAH!"

Then all was quiet. After a minute Sophie looked over at me and asked if I enjoyed the show. Then she invited me to

"Come and meet Ronnie."

She actually wanted me to get to know the man who had just fucked her to a very deep orgasm! And, as before, my legs moved me toward them even as my mind silently screamed "NO!".

I stopped about 2 feet from Ronnie. He was a bit shorter than me. Unlike Sophie, Ronnie wore a flannel shirt and pants. I looked down and couldn't believe what I saw -- that cock was still hard and it was planted deep in Sophie's butt!

Sophie saw my confused look and laughed. Then she wiggled forward and the dick plopped out of her rectum. It wasn't a real cock, it was a large strap-on dildo! Then Ronnie said 

"Hi Pete, I'm Rhonda, Ronnie to my friends. I'm pleased to meet you! Sophie's told me so much about you. I feel like I've known you forever!"

That wasn't a man's voice! I took a good look at Ronnie and only then realized that he was really a she!

A wave of relief came over me.

"Hi Ronnie. Forgive my confusion, but I was certain you were a man and I was deciding whether to beat you up here or ambush you in the parking lot and beat you to within an inch of your life!"

She gave a laugh and replied

"Yeah, I can see how you might make that mistake. But as you can see I'm 100% woman."

I asked my wife

"Sophie, is Ronnie your lover? Are you gay or maybe bi? I didn't know, but it's OK if you are!"

Sophie answered 

"No Pete, I'm not gay or bi, well maybe a tiny bit bi, but then neither is Ronnie. She has certain needs and I wanted to please you, so we came up with an arrangement where Ronnie acts out her frustrations and I become accustomed to having a long, hard thing in my butt."

As she said that, she grabbed the crotch of my pants and gave a squeeze. I asked Sophie

"What is this place? I saw lots of people screwing out in the main room. Since you say you're not gay or bi, does that mean you've been having sex with other men?"

She answered

"First, this is a club where members can act out fantasies and experiment with new and unfamiliar things of a sexual nature. The prime rule is no one gets physically or emotionally hurt. In my case, you've been begging to fuck my ass, but I was always afraid. Those times we did do it my butt felt like you were tearing it apart. Your dick may not be the longest, but it's thicker than most and that was the problem. After we had anal sex my butt burned and hurt for days. But I love you and truly want to give you my ass while somehow avoiding the pain. I just couldn't figure out how.

Then one day I met Ronnie. We work for different companies in the same building. She and I came into the cafeteria at the same time for lunch. It was very busy and we ended up sharing a table. We started chatting and hit it off very quickly. At first we talked about work, but our conversations soon included things of a more personal nature. For example, Rhonda has a nasty boss who desperately wants to get in her pants. He massages her shoulders and coos sweet nothings in her ear and has her join him on out of town business trips , trying to convince her to share a room with him. She always refuses but his persistent pressure has weakened her resolve. Ronnie feels trapped because her job is really interesting with opportunity for advancement and a fantastic salary and great bennies. She hates her boss, but can't get a transfer to another area and she knows she'll never have another job as good with another company.

Then Ronnie heard from a friend about a group which allows people to act on their feelings and needs. She was intrigued but afraid to try it alone. Eventually I told her about your desire to do me in the ass and my reluctance to let you. Ronnie saw the opportunity for mutual assistance. She wanted to act out against her boss and I wanted to feel comfortable with a cock in my ass. The solution was simple; she'd dress like a man and fuck me in the ass with a strap-on dildo. I agreed to try and it was one of the best decisions of my life! Since Ronnie's a woman, she's more sensitive to a woman's emotional state and understands when I say 'Stop' I mean 'Stop'. She gets to fantasize about literally fucking her boss in the ass and I get experience being fucked in the ass. The dildo is smooth so it slides in easily. It's a little thicker than your cock, so when you fuck me you feel comfortable. Ronnie and I think we have a 'Win-win' situation. I hope you're willing to make it 'Win-win-win'."

"So you've never done a real guy here or anywhere else?"

"No, but I admit to being tempted. You saw there were a good number of men displaying their penises. I have to admit some of them look mighty interesting, but during our marriage I've never had another man inside me."

At that precise moment a naked man entered the room. He was sweaty and a single droplet of cum dangled from his cock. 

"Oh, hi! I'm Jack, Ronnie's husband. I bet you're Pete. Welcome to our club!"

I returned his greeting and looked at Sophie and Rhonda. I'm sure I looked like Mr. Spock when faced with something unexpected, i.e. my eyebrows were raised.

Rhonda asked Jack if he had had enough. He replied he was almost done except for sex with his wife. Ronnie stripped naked (nice body, small tits, ass and thighs with too little meat for my taste, but nice, nonetheless!) and squatted down. She lifted Jack's cock and licked the droplet of sperm from the tip. Then she engulfed it and sucked like her life depended on it. Sophie and I watched in fascination. After a minute or two of oral sex, Ronnie got on her hands and knees and offered Jack his choice of hole. Jack looked at us with a leer. He got on his knees and sidled up to Ronnie's bottom. He smeared spit on his cock and drove it deep into her cunt in a single movement. Ronnie just gasped. Almost at once Jack began plowing in and out of his wife's pussy and she moved backwards and forwards, so that as he moved in she moved back allowing for maximum penetration. 

It took maybe a minute before Jack howled and Ronnie gave out a loud grunt. Jack was ejaculating into his wife's cunt! He finished cumming and moved away from her. Ronnie recovered from her orgasm and lifted herself to a kneeling position with her legs apart. Then Sophie did something I didn't foresee. She got on her back and positioned herself such that her lips were directly underneath Ronnie's cunt. In seconds Jack's cum began dripping from Ronnie's sex into Sophie's waiting mouth. And Sophie took it all! 

At last she moved back toward me and said

"This is the closest I've ever been to having actual sex with a man. Are you angry with me?" 

Surprisingly, I wasn't.

Eventually Sophie, Ronnie, and Jack washed up and got dressed. They joined me in the main room. Jack was a bit hesitant when he said

"Pete, I hope you understand I think your wife is a wonderful lady. She's really sexy, but even more impressive is the way she won't do anything with me or any other man, though we pleaded with her to. She said she wouldn't ever consent unless you were there and gave us all permission. Speaking as a selfish and very horny man, I hope one day soon you will!"

I said I'd think about it but if I did Sophie would have to be consent to one or two things I might want to try. Sophie looked at me and with an impish smile said we'd talk about it.

The four of us had a drink and left the premises together. I drove Sophie to her car, parked a couple of blocks away. Jack and Ronnie drove away together. I waited for Sophie to get her car in gear and we arrived home seconds apart. 

Once inside I admitted I was shocked that Sophie ate Jack's sperm from Rhonda's cunt. I guess technically it wasn't cheating, but it seemed pretty close. Sophie said she had to learn how to accept cum in her mouth to enjoy the taste and texture. If she let me cum in her mouth and didn't like it, she might spit it out and that would hurt my feelings. This way she learned to take it in a non-threatening environment and it worked because she's happily accepted my sperm many times over. 

"So I suppose everything that went on in there was for our mutual benefit, yours and mine, right?"

"Of course, dear!"

She kissed me and whispered that she had forgotten to put on panties back at the club and she was all wet. What did I think we should do about that?

I did the only honorable thing, I ate her out for a good long time (she later said she'd had 3 orgasms), then I fucked her from fore and aft. We went to bed quite satisfied. As we nestled under the covers, Sophie let out that her mom wants to visit again next month and she wants to go to the club. 

"Your mom knows about that place and what goes on?"

"I told her last week. Mom said it sounded like a great place to meet men and get laid with no strings attached."

How about that, Esther was a senior aged cougar on the prowl for cock! I hoped she had time for sex with her favorite son-in-law, too!

It was like Sophie read my mind

"Mom said she wants to fuck your brains out. She actually said it just like that! You know what, maybe mom and I will take turns with your dick and see which one of us makes you cry 'Uncle'! You up for that big boy?"

Sophie took hold of my cock and jerked me off to a very happy ending for both of us. She smeared my cum over my chest and snuggled closer. We fell asleep like that and had pleasant dreams. I dreamed about Esther's next visit and a family trip to the club.