 My wife Donna and I decided that we would enjoy making porn movies with her as the leading lady and me as the videographer. And after successfully doing it once - with a young guy named Luke (see Volume 1) - we agreed to do some more. 

It was a simple deal. I had our recreation room rigged with a half dozen hidden cameras that I would run and monitor from a room in the basement - and be there to make sure nothing bad happened - and Donna would go out and pick up a guy at a bar (while I recorded it) and bring him home, and have sex with him (while I recorded it).

So for the second time Donna decided that she wanted a young black guy.

So we went to a bar called "Don's" in the black part of town. And Donna went in first - dressed to kill with a short, tight skirt and a top unbuttoned to show off a lot of her big, full, prefect 38-D breasts - and sit at the bar. And I'd sit at a nearby table with a hidden camera that could see and hear what she did.

And unlike our first adventure, this time things happened quickly.

A tall, skinny black guy named Jamiel sat down next to her and bought her a shot of Jaegermeister, and started telling her how hot and sexy she was. 

"Well thank you, Jamiel", she said. "I'm glad you like what you see."

"Well I do, baby." he said. "But you know? I'm not much of a window shopper. When I see it, I wanna BUY IT, if you get my drift."

"Oh I get your drift," Donna said. "I'm just not sure the feeling is mutual yet.

Why don't we have another shot and see what develops?"

They did. And before long he was rubbing her shoulders and back, and "accidentally" letting a hand skim over her breasts. And her left hand started rubbing his right thigh, and "accidentally" drifting up to feel his cock through his pants. 

"Damn, Jamiel," she said. "You get hard fast don't you?"

"Yeah, babe," he replied. "That's what happens when I sit next to a smoking hot blonde bitch with big, pretty titties like you've got."

"Speaking of big," she said, "you're cock feels pretty big too."

"Yeah. It is, baby. It's damn big. You ever been with a black dude?"

"No, I haven't."

"Do you want to? Are you married?"

"No I'm not Jamiel. I'm divorced. And yes, I want to."

"Well shit, baby. Let's go back to my place and I'll show you how a black guy handles a woman."

"How about my place? You can follow me home. Okay?"

"Sounds good, babe. Let's do it."

I had to move quick to beat them back to our house, but I did, and I was set up ready when they came in. And as soon as they got inside he grabbed her, and ripped off her blouse, and her bra, and shoved her back on the couch. And I grabbed my gun and was ready to go in and stop what was happening, buy I saw Donna look into the camera and shake her head "no". And I suddenly remembered her telling me that she had a fantasy to be "raped" by a guy, so I held off.

"Damn, baby. Them are some nice fucking tits. NICE fucking tits! Now lets get that skirt and panties off so I can fuck you."

"I think we need to slow down, Jamiel."

"Slow down? Why? We KNOW what's gonna happen here, You're gonna get righteously fucked by a black man. I thought you said you wanted that."

"I do," she said, "but..."

"But what, bitch? Just relax and enjoy."

He unzipped her skirt, and pulled it off. Then he ripped off her panties. Then he stood above her and took off his jeans and his underwear, and let his huge, black cock spring free.

"Oh God," Donna said.

"You like that, baby?"

"Yes, but I think we need to slow down."

"Fuck that, bitch" he said. "Spread your legs."

She did, And he got between then, and shoved his 10 inch cock in her pussy, and started fucking her. Real slow and shallow.

"Oh God," she gasped. 

"You like that?"

"Yes."

He started fucking her faster and deeper. "How about THIS?"

"Yes! YES!"

As he fucked her he squeezed and fondled her big tits, and grabbed her around the throat. And slapped her a couple of times.

"Uh Huh! Uh Huh!" she gasped.

And the faster and deeper he fucked her the more frenzied she got, until her body stiffened up, and her head arched back, and she came hard. And long.

"See, baby. I told you you'd like it."

"Oh shit!" she moaned.

"Now let's see if you can suck a big black dick, Sit up." She did, and he stood in front of her an shoved his still rock hard cock between her lips. And started fucking her mouth.

"Ungh. Ungh. Ungh."

"Yeah, baby. That's good. You're good."

"Mmph. Mmph."

"Oh yeah, babe. Damn. You're REAL good."

Her head started moving in unison with his thrusting hips, and she took his whole cock deep in her throat. Again. And again. And again. And now HIS body stiffened up as he came. Hard. And she hungrily swallowed his load.

"Shit, baby. I wasn't expecting THAT!"

She looked at him and said "We're not done are we? Come on. I want more!"

He fucked her two more times. Once in her pussy, and once up her ass. And she came hard both times. Then she sucked him to climax again, and he came hard. 

And when he left, he said "We need to get together again, baby. You fuck and suck as good as you look!"

"Okay. I'll see you at Don's," she said. 

And after he left, I fucked her until she came again, and she sucked my cock until I came. And then she fell asleep on the couch.