 This story is based off and closely resembles a story written by another Literotica author named Cruelwarrior. The original story was titled "My Wife, My Lover Chapters 1&2." I cannot encourage you enough to read both of his stories as if it weren't for them, my series would not have been written. Again, I would like to thank him for giving me a jump point from which my stories were started. As they say, mimicry is the finest form of flattery. Enjoy.

*

My wife, Naomi, is a young and extremely beautiful woman. She turns heads everywhere she goes, men and women alike. I, on the other hand, am a couple years older than her, and, if I do say so myself, a bear of a man, easily twice her size. She has been propositioned when alone, cat calls and the like, but never when I have been with her, (I am somewhat intimidating). She always turns them down and has made sure to "discourage" that person from continuing. 

I love my wife and she loves me. I will do anything to make her happy, and she the same. She doesn't dress provocatively, she's usually dressed quite professional, unless I ask her to. I love looking at her, having very dirty scenes run through my head. 

It was a Wednesday night, the kids were away for a few days, and Naomi went and took her normal evening shower. I was sitting at the computer looking up stories on Literotica. Nothing out of the ordinary, but I had a feeling, due to the way she looked at me and smiled, that a shower wasn't all she was up to. I was on my third story when she came in to the family room, wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around her.

She swiveled the chair around, sat on my lap, and turned to face the screen. I began scrolling through the story again, smiling, and started kissing her back and neck. She cooed as I did this, leaning slightly back in to my kisses. I stopped, lifted her up and turned her around, passionately kissing her as I removed the towel. I eagerly moved down to her beautifully small breasts, sucking one in to my mouth.

She grabbed the back of my head, moaning with delight, squeezing it to further devour her delicious flesh. I teased her nipples, consuming as much of her lovely titties as fast as possible. I felt her juices run down her leg and pool on mine. I picked her up and sat her on the chair, kneeling between her dripping hotness.

I slowly ran my tongue around her pussy, kissing, licking, biting; teasing the delicate folds. I pushed her legs apart wider and drove my tongue deep in to her heavenly sweet pussy. I opened my mouth as much as possible, taking her clit in to my mouth as well. 

I slowly inched a finger, then two, in to her. I sucked fiercely on her clit, searching and finding that special nub, inside, just above it. I gazed up in to her face, smiling. I love watching the look on her face, the failure to produce anything more than the occasional squeak as she erupts in orgasm. Her eyes shone with violent lust as I buried my tongue in to her as deep as I could. She closed her eyes and screamed out in orgasm as I ran my tongue over her pleasure button along with my thumb, fingers buried deeply inside her. 

Her thighs clamped down, squeezing my head, while I licked and swallowed up as much of her as I could, saving a taste for her. I kissed slowly up her body, watching her come down. Our tongues entwined with the other when I finally got to her lips. We shared the warm, sweet taste of her pussy, slowly groping each other, still in the heat of passion. 

An almost evil smile crossed her lips before ripping my boxers from my body, wanting me. She gripped my thick shaft and slowly stroked me to my fully erect, loving the sight of it. She pulled my cock to her, slowly kissing and teasing me. I'd had enough. Smiling, I lifted her from the chair, putting her back on the floor. Wrapping her legs around me, she told me to fuck her. She told me to fuck her fast and hard.

I positioned my cock and forced myself in to her, pistoning in and out of her, obeying her wish to be taken. She screamed obscenities, growling like an animal as I rammed harder and harder in to her, causing her to gasp almost every time. As we felt orgasm building between us, I doubled my efforts, thrusting harder and faster in to her. My cock grew larger with each thrust until I shot deep in to her, as she screamed again, louder, when orgasm flooded her body.

We lay together on the floor, breathing deeply, trying to regain our composure. After a few moments, I felt my cock begin twitching between my legs. She felt it to. She leaned over and we embraced in a deep passionate kiss, my cock growing larger, and her pussy getting wetter by the second.

I lifted her up and carried her to our bedroom. I placed her on the bed and told her to get on her hands and knees, her favorite. I slammed in to her, all the way, in one thrust. I started to roughly fuck her, treating her like my own little plaything. She began to moan, begging for me to fuck her. I told her she was my personal cock-slut, slamming harder and faster in to her dripping pussy, playing with her clit with one hand. She started tightening around me, pulling me toward orgasm. I started to thrust harder in to her, moaning loudly, my cock shooting another load deep in to her pussy. We collapsed on the bed, tired and exhausted, drifting off to sleep...

To Be Continued... 