 My wife Donna and I have a full and vibrant sex life, that leaves us both completely satisfied and happy. With no complaints.

But one night we got into a "is there one thing you'd like to do that we haven't done yet?" discussion. And after hemming and hawing around, Donna finally admitted that she'd always had a fantasy to be in a porn movie. And I said that I'd always thought it would be hot to MAKE a video like that - of her and another man.

So we started talking about the possibility.

One one side, I was an amateur videographer who'd made several short films about a variety of subjects, and I'd always thought about doing a porn flick. On the other side, Donna was a beautiful, sexy and desirable 31 year old blonde, with pale blue eyes, an angel face, a pair of perfect, full 38-D breasts with pale-pink, silver dollar-sized areolas, a killer body, and an insatiable appetite for sex.

She never failed to turn men's head when she walked by them, and she really enjoyed wearing tight, revealing outfits that showed a lot of cleavage when we went out to bars together. And I frequently heard men - who didn't know I was her husband - say things like "Damn, that is some nice pussy!" - or "I'd pay to fuck that bitch"- or "Man, that chick makes my dick hard just from looking at her". 

So over the next couple of days we worked out a plan: I would film it, and she would star in it.

First off, I installed a half dozen hidden cameras around our recreation room that I could monitor and control from a room in the basement (and make sure the guy didn't get out of hand.

But who would the other man be?

"It has to be a stranger," she said. "I don't want it to be anyone we know."

"I agree," I said. "How about if you dress up in one of your "knock 'em dead" outfits, and we got out to a bar across town - where we don't know anyone - and you pick out a guy you like, and I tell him the deal and see if he's interested?"

"What would you tell him?"

"The truth," I said. "I'd tell him my wife and I want to make a porno movie with her and a stranger, and we need a stranger. Would he be interested?

I don't think many would turn down that opportunity."

"Wouldn't it be better if they didn't know it was being taped - and didn't know you were watching? I think most guys would be intimidated by that."

"Okay. You're right. So how about if we drive separately, and go out to a bar, and sit separately. And you pick out a guy, and give me a sign that he's "it", and I come home and get set up, and then you bring him back here and let nature take it's course? "

She grinned. "Sounds like a plan to me,"

So that's what we did. I rigged up a hidden microphone and camera in a little purse she could carry to record the action at the bar - and we went to a place called "Smokey's Country-Western Bar" (because Donna decided that she'd like a "a young cowboy"). 

When we got to the place, Donna went and sat at the bar, She was dressed in a tight, short blue jean skirt that showed off a lot of leg, and a thin, low-cut halter top that revealed a lot of cleavage. She looked fucking great,

I sat at a nearby table with a good view so the little camera in the headband of the cowboy hat I was wearing could see what she was doing, and I had a tiny earphone so I that picked up her conversations.

And things started slowly. The first two guys who sat next to her were old geezers and she quickly gave them the message that she wasn't interested. Then three young, drunk boys surrounded her and started acting like crude, immature jerks, and she got rid of them in short order.

Then a tall, blonde guy in his him mid-twenties sat down on the stool to her right.

"Evenin' darlin", he said. "My name's Luke. What's yours?"

"I'm Donna," she said. "Nice to meet you Luke."

And I could tell right away - from her body language and the ornery look in her eye - that this would be "the one".

And sure enough, after about a half hour of exchanging sexy looks and innuendos, she said, "I like you Luke. Why don't we have another shot and go back to my place?" 

Which I knew was my cue to go. So I went home, and got everything turned on and working, and they showed up about 15 minutes later.

And as soon as they got in the door he gently pushed her against the wall and started kissing her. And she kissed him right back. And before long he had her halter top pulled down and was licking and kissing her nipples and big, full breasts.

"You okay with this, darlin"?" he asked.

"Uh huh," she purred. "I'm very okay with it." Then she slid her hand down and started rubbing his crotch. "Are you okay with THIS?" 

"Fuck yes, baby! Damn! You are a hot fucking woman!"

After about five minutes of that, Donna slid down to her knees, unzipped his fly, and pulled out his surprisingly large but-still-half-hard cock. And she started sucking it. Just the head at first. Then more. And more. Until her nose was buried in his pubic hair, and she had his whole fucking dick in her mouth - and down her throat.

"Oh FUCK, baby!" he moaned. 

"Mmmph."

"Shit!"

"Ungh."

"God DAMN, baby! Oh Lord!"

Then all of a sudden she stopped, and pulled her head back, and let his now fully-erect, 9 inch cock slide out of her mouth.

"What the hell, Baby?" he said.

"Now I want you to fuck me with your big hard cock", she said. "Will you do that? Now?" 

"Fuck yes!" he said. "Right here?"

"Right here will do fine, Luke," she said.

They proceeded to take each others clothes off, and when they were naked, Donna laid on her back - with her big, full, firm tits quivering on her chest, and pulled him on top of her. Then she reached down and guided his stiff cock into her pussy, and grabbed his ass, and pulled him inside of her.

"Oh yes, Luke," she moaned. "Fuck me."

He did. Slow and easy at first, Then faster, And harder, And deeper. And as his cock pounded in and out of her cunt, Donna started gasping, and her head fell back, and her body rose up to meet his thrusts. 

And they started moving like a well-oiled machine. And that went on for 7, or 8, or 10 long minutes. With him grunting and gasping, and her moaning and whimpering. Until finally Donna's body stiffened up in obvious orgasm. And he pulled out, and fucked her big, luscious tits for about thirty seconds, then moved up a slid his cock between her lips, and came hard in her mouth. And his come dribbled out of the corners of her mouth and dripped down her face.

And just when he was about to get off of her, she grabbed his ass, pulled him back down until his dick slid between her lips, and started sucking him some more! Real deep and fast. Gagging and choking the whole time. And after about five minutes of her intense sucking Luke's body went stiff, and started shuddering, and he came again. And this time she swallowed every drop of his load.

Luke rolled off of her and laid on his back gasping for air. "Damn, baby! I think I need to rest for awhile!" Then he rolled over a little more AND WENT TO SLEEP!!

Donna sat up, looked into one of the cameras, licked the remains on his come off her lips, and smiled. "The boy is obviously done. But I'm not. Is there a man around who can help me?"

Dumb question.

She threw on a nightie, woke Luke up, helped him to his car, and bid him adieu. Then she came back in the house, and we spent the next hour engaged in mad and crazy sex.

More to come...