 Just as Rhonda suspected they all had another gentle play before they all fell asleep, this time with Rhonda in the middle and the girls cuddling into her from either side. The next morning the alarm woke them as Rhonda had to leave by eleven to return to her other life. It was always a sad time, but they all knew it had to happen. After breakfast, Rhonda collected her things but insisted that the clothes Jane had brought her to stay they're ready for her next visit in two weeks. As Rhonda was leaving Jane gave her the DVD and contract, plus a copy of their first DVD. Jane and Michelle stood in the doorway waving goodbye and crying; it was the first time Jane had cried when she left.

The next two weeks seemed to be endless but arrived eventually the same as always, and as Rhonda headed south, it felt like a weight had lifted from her shoulders. As usual, when she pulled into the driveway the front door opened, and she walked straight in. As she closed and locked the door, Michelle and Jane hugged and kissed Rhonda as if she had been gone years, after things settled down they all went into the kitchen for Rhonda's caffeine fix. As they drank coffee, they caught up on the two-week absence. No dramas, calamities or arguments had happened, and they were thrilled that the place Rhonda was able to dress fem was still working out, as Jane said: "It helped maintain the illusion." 

Jane then said, "Rhonda you are a fantastic cook but this time you are not allowed to do anything remotely domestic, you are our guest, and we aim to spoil you this time."

"Yes Mummy dearest it is our turn to spoil you" Michelle added.

"Thank you both girls that are most thoughtful of you both. Have you got anything planned?" Rhonda asked.

"We have a few ideas, but at the moment they are just ideas, Michelle told me you could stay till Tuesday this time," Jane asked.

"Yes if you would like me to stay longer I can."

"We would love you to stay as long as you can Rhonda," Jane told her "Let's go into the lounge and chat about a game plan."

Once in the lounge on the couch Rhonda in the middle and Jane and Michelle on either side it was apparent that first, they wanted to talk about their last time. Jane explained that Michelle had enjoyed being restrained in the chair and being forced to watch her wife fucked. Michelle added that being made to clean Rhonda's cock after had blown her mind. Rhonda asked them if they wanted to continue along those lines and they agreed they would but perhaps take it a bit further. Of course, Rhonda wanted to know how but they said they had an idea for later. So they watched the two DVD's from their previous weekend, while they waited for the dinner to cook. When the second DVD finished, Jane told them she was going to complete their meal and suggested Rhonda went upstairs and changed into what they had brought for her to wear.

When Rhonda walked in the bedroom, she saw the clothes laid out as before, but this time there was a picture laid on top of a made-up model which Rhonda correctly assumed she was supposed to copy. This time there was a red lace bra, matching G-string, red hold up seamed stockings, red maxi dress split up both sides to the hip and matching 4-inch stilettos. It didn't take long to get dressed, but the makeup took 20 minutes to apply and get right. When finished, she headed straight downstairs and heard Jane call out "In the dining room Rhonda" so Rhonda turned into the dining room and Jane indicated a place at the other end of the eight-seater table. When she was seated, Jane clapped her hands and Michelle came in wearing a very short french maids outfit, white stockings and black low heeled shoes and proceeded to pour three glasses of wine, Jane thanked her and told her "You may know to serve dinner." 

After Michelle had left Rhonda looked at Jane and raised an eyebrow, Jane immediately realised Rhonda was seeking an explanation. Jane seemed happy to supply that, saying "After you left last time Michelle and I had a long conversation. I wanted to find out what made Michelle the happiest; she told me that she was happiest when making people happy. To cut it short, we worked out that Michelle was happier when subservient to more dominant people. So know in our domestic life we have switched roles, Michelle deals with the domestic duties, the traditional female role, while I do the traditional male role in a marriage."

"How do you like that Jane?" Rhonda asked.

"Fantastic, Michelle has never appeared as happy, our marriage has never been stronger, and we both now live in a home filled with happiness, Joy and Love. Although it gets even better when you are here" as Jane explained her face was relaxed and almost serene.

"So how do I fit into this equation?" Rhonda asked.

"We talked about this, and we both want you to come as often as you can still. We agreed that Michelle would be the subservient one, I will be dominant to Michelle but subservient to you Rhonda. You will be the Mummy of the family; I will be the big sister and Michelle we are the baby sister" Jane seemed to have it all worked out.

Michelle arrived carrying a large casserole dish, disappeared again before returning with a large bowl of rice and another bottle of wine. She then served Jane, then Rhonda and lastly herself. When she was seated, she explained the meal was beef stroganoff, saffron rice and the wine was a 1968 Merlot. Together Jane and Rhonda thanked Michelle who blushed.

As they ate their meal, Rhonda explained what Jane had told her and asked: "How do you feel about all these quite dramatic changes in your home life."

Michelle was quite animated with her response "Have never been this happy, Jane has always been a reluctant housewife and would much rather mow the lawn than do the laundry. Check the oil, fuel the car, book a service than cook dinner. So now we have switched roles we are both happier, even in the bedroom."

"So how do you see me in this equation, Michelle," Rhonda asked.

"Jane and I discussed this at length; we see you as the mother of our family and us as your daughters. What you want to know is how you fit in with our sexual lives, well we see you as the dominatrix or top bitch of the threesome, Jane fits in the middle, Michelle is the subservient one to you both or bottom bitch, and I love being on the bottom. You, Rhonda, can fuck Jane whenever you want, on your own or with me watching or even taking part. You and whatever Jane wants, and I know Jane will do whatever you desire. So, in a nutshell, nothing between us has changed accept Jane, and I accept you, Rhonda, as our alpha bitch, discussion closed."

"Well thank you both for being so frank and open about everything but I will need a little time to process all that you have told me, but I don't foresee any problems once I have got my head around it all" Rhonda told them both

Michelle got up and said "Dessert everyone" and left the room.

When Michelle returned it was with a shop purchased Tiramisu and Michelle said as she served Rhonda first "I apologise for the Tiramisu not being homemade Mistress Rhonda but I haven't mastered desserts yet."

"It doesn't matter Michelle the main course was perfect."

"Thank you, Miss Rhonda, can I say you look stunning tonight." 

"Thank you, Michelle, but I think it was something Jane purchased for me. So thank you, Jane, it is stunning and feels incredibly sexy on" Rhonda said

After they finished dessert they went into the lounge and Michelle brought them all coffee and then sat on the floor at Rhonda's feet, and Rhonda asked again what they had planned for tonight. Jane answered that with "We have it all planned for later, that's all we are saying" then added, "I think it is time for our special drinks, Michelle."

Michelle returned with two glasses and a large jug containing a dark liquid. Michelle then filled both glasses, handing one to Rhonda then the second to Jane and told Rhonda "Black Russians; Jane thought it an appropriate drink for Mistress."

Jane thanked Michelle and told her it was time for her to get ready, at which Michelle curtsied and left heading upstairs. Jane moved closer to Rhonda and clinked glasses and said "I think you will enjoy what we have planned for tonight" and gave Rhonda a very saucy smile. 

Jane slid across closer to Rhonda, lent in and kissed Rhonda firmly on the lips before forcing her tongue into Rhonda's mouth; they played tonsil tennis for a good twenty minutes before Jane broke away, smiled looking in Rhonda's lap, "Someone appears to have enjoyed that". Rhonda had a distinctly un-lady like bulge.

Taking Rhonda's hand, she led Rhonda up the stairs and into the bedroom. Michelle was stood by the side of the bed but know she was wearing pink frilly panties, a neat hole allowed her cock and balls to be exposed, and both encased in a pink cock cage. Rhonda estimated was the same size as her limp cock, which would be extremely unpleasant if it tried to get aroused, she also was wearing a pink see-through bra, matching baby doll nighty, nude stay up stockings and pink shoes with a 3 inch Cuban heel, her makeup was very heavy and gave her a doll-like appearance.

Jane spoke "I will explain Michelle's outfit. One thing that we discussed was what our perfect outfits would be. Her first was a daytime outfit of a French maid, her second choice was a very pink sex toy outfit, we managed to get it all online but the panties needed a little needlework and scissors as to the cock cage Michelle created that with her 3D printer and If you are interested its a replica inside of her limp cock. The makeup copied from a female sex toy that is extremely expensive to buy."

, "Very impressive. The effort you have put in does show your commitment" Rhonda remarked.

"It took us all of our two weeks for delivery and modifications," Jane told her "Michelle insisted that I have the same choice, two outfits that were my ideal wear during play."

"When do I have the pleasure of seeing those Jane" Rhonda asked.

"Very soon as soon as I have changed but we also have a surprise for you. We designed and made an outfit that we think would be perfect for you to join our games. While I am changing Michelle will help you dress" Jane left the bedroom.

"Michelle asked Rhonda to undress while she fetched Mistresses outfit."

Rhonda undressed and was completely naked on Michelle's return, knelt in front of Rhonda she eased on a leather G-string that had a shiny steel zipper at the front, enabling her cock to be accessed, without removing the G-string, they also had suspenders fitted with bright steel stocking fasteners. Then a black leather bra that had holes for her nipples, then came black seamed stockings, a black sheer sleeveless blouse that zipped up the front and a black leather micro mini skirt that came an inch below Rhonda's crutch but with splits up both sides to just below the waist. Finally came black 6-inch stainless steel stilettos. Then Michelle applied makeup so when Rhonda saw herself complete with makeup; she was stunned, Michelle had used black eyeliner heavily and done cats eyes, eye shadow was a smoky finish, red blusher and bright red lipstick, she felt it was quite stunning. Michelle called out to Jane who arrived so quickly she must have been waiting outside the door and immediately said "Perfect."

Rhonda could not stop staring at Jane; she was almost naked but not, she had on what appeared to be a harness. It that had a collar around her neck with two straps that went down to her breasts split to circle her tits, joined together again and headed down to a large stainless steel ring, a belt went around her waist from the ring and also down to her crutch like panties without any material. Jane turned around, and Rhonda could see that a sizeable stainless rig was positioned directly over her anus, held in place by the pantie straps coming through from the front and another belt going up to another ring with the waist strap, another belt went up from here to the neck collar. Covering it all was a see-through black baby doll nighty. On her feet, she had 6-inch black platform shoes, and her makeup was the same as Rhonda's. She looked nothing like the ordinary Jane, but almost a Mistress but something about her said I am subservient but incredibly sexy.

She walked over to Rhonda and gave her a long passionate kiss and said in a sultry voice "We are both yours to use however you want and fulfil your every desire" She then knelt on the bottom of the bed knees spread wide, back arched looking over her shoulder. Michelle immediately knelt behind her and started gently licking her rosebud. Seeing the camcorder, Rhonda immediately started recording the show, making sure she got clear views of both their outfits. Rhonda then saw Michelle had stood up as was asking for the camcorder, so Rhonda handed it over. Michelle unzipped Rhonda's panties and carefully eased Rhonda's know rock hard cock out while recording what she was doing. Michelle walked back towards Jane using Rhonda's cock like a lead and positioned Rhonda behind Jane. Guided Rhonda's cock to Jane's rosebud, rubbed it a few times before guiding Rhonda inside and all the time is keeping the camcorder steady as Jane pushed back onto Rhonda's cock slowly speeding up her thrusts until Rhonda's balls were slapping against her as she seemed to want every last millimetre inside her. After only a few minutes Jane was groaning, gasping and then spurting everywhere.

As soon as Rhonda pulled out of Jane, Michelle was knelt at her feet licking all traces of off Rhonda's cock. Jane had turned around and was watching Michelle with obvious delight and the absolute delight of Rhonda's cock as it was growing hard under Michelle's industrious tongue. Rhonda laid on the bed as her legs felt quiet week. Michelle appeared again this time with more black Russians for Jane and Rhonda. Rhonda commented, "A jealous husband might not kill me but the wife might by over sexual exertion."

"In your dreams Rhonda you haven't got out of first gear yet," Jane told her and Michelle giggled. 

When Rhonda recovered, she asked Michelle if her cock cage was causing any discomfort she said not at all. Jane laughed, grabbed Michelle and pulled her onto the bed face down, squirted some lube in Michelle's arse hole and inserted a 6" vibrator and set it too high. It was not long before Michelle started squirming around in a mixture of bliss and discomfort and after a few minutes had cum inside the cock cage. Rhonda told Jane "You have an evil streak, Jane."

"Yes Mummy but Michelle likes the evil things I do, don't you sis."

"Not as much as when Rhonda does evil things to you Jane dearest," Michelle said this with such an angelic look Rhonda couldn't but laugh.

"Well gurls, Mummy has a wonderful idea. Michelle would you get a kitchen chair and my orange bag from my suitcase."

"Of course Mummy."

"Please take of your lovely baby doll off Jane," Rhonda asked. When she had done that Rhonda asked her "Jane, please stand behind the chair." As Jane did this Rhonda stood the other side suddenly grabbed Jane's collar and pulling so Jane was bent over the back of the chair and quickly snapped handcuffs on Janes' wrists, so she was restrained there with a hand either side of the cross member. Taking leather ankle restraints from the bag, she pulled each leg close to the chair leg and fitted the ankle restraint around the ankle and the chair leg. She then released each wrist before attaching the leather wrist restraints in the same manner. Carefully fitted a ring gag and a blindfold "How does that feel Jane. You cannot even tell if it is me doing something to you or poor Michelle. Please don't mumble Jane. You know Mummy doesn't like you to mumble." Rhonda then sat on the bed and asked Michelle to refill her glass, Rhonda sat there sipping her drink and smoking a cigarette, going through a list of things, out loud, that she could do to Jane, some pleasant, some not, when she finished she had listed about 60 items and roughly split 50/50. 

After 10 minutes Rhonda stood up and slowly walked around Jane touching her lightly with a finger as she walked, after five laps she started slapping Janes arse cheeks each time she passed, gradually getting harder each time, after ten laps Jan's arse had definite hand prints showing. She stopped in front of Jane's head and removed the ring gag and blindfold. Took Jane's ponytail in her left hand and using her right hand held her cock in front of Jane's mouth, before shoving it right in so she gagged, she kept it there for a couple of seconds before face fucking Jane, who after a while was taking it all without gagging. Rhonda kept that up for five minutes, glad that Michelle had grabbed the camcorder and was probably getting some great shots of Jane's discomfort.

She finished with Janes' mouth, walked around behind Jane and spat on her rosebud and thrust her cock in all the way, getting a squeal from Jane, taking a firm hold on the belt she then started fucking Jane hard, thrusting all the way in and coming out, so just the head of her cock inside Jane. After about 20 thrusts in, Jane cum very hard squirting everywhere, Rhonda continued without let up, and Jane had cum 4 or 5 times before Rhonda started filling her arse with spurt after spurt before finally she finished pumping, pulled out and walked around to Janes' head again and told her 'Know to clean it, bitch" 

Jane obediently cleaned Rhonda's cock by sucking and licking all over, when Rhonda was satisfied she sat on the bed facing Jane and asked: "How did you enjoy being powerless, sucking cock and being fucked roughly."

"That was awesome I cum so many time I thought I would explode, and then you cum inside me, and I could feel every spurt and I cum again," Jane told her

Then Rhonda asked, "Michelle what was that like for you."

Michelle replied, "I think I can show you both better" came around and stood slightly to one side and lifted her cock cage so it was pointing upward and immediately cum started dripping out forming a large puddle between her feet. "Look Mummy no hands" Rhonda and Jane both laughed at her little joke.

Rhonda asked Michelle "would you be so kind as to release your wife."

Michelle did this and could see Jane covered in cum all down both legs. "I think we all need a shower."

So they all stripped off and headed into the shower, once again they were grateful that when Jane and Michelle had renovated the bathroom, they had installed a wet room, so there was a lot of room for three to shower. Under the multiple heads, Jane and Michelle started soaping Rhonda all over, all though they seemed to pay particular attention to the area between her waist and knees. When they were satisfied, Rhonda and Michelle concentrated on Jane, although for them the field for special attention was increased to include her breasts. When they felt Jane was as clean she could be, Jane and Rhonda then turned their attention to Michelle. First Jane removes Michelle's cock cage, again Rhonda and Jane focused on the area between Michelle's waist and knees. When they had finished and turned the water of the bathroom was full of steam, the mirrors fogged over.

With a big grin, Jane hung a towel over both Michelle's and Rhonda's hard cocks and said: "I think you gurls enjoyed that attention."

"The enjoyment is not over" as they started drying each other, probably with more diligence than was required.

Before they left the bathroom, Jane refitted Michelle's cock cage, although with some difficulty as it was still more significant than the enclosure was designed. When they reached the bedroom Jane selected three baby doll nighties, pink for Michelle, black for Rhonda and red for herself, When they all were in bed, Jane straddled Rhonda, lowering herself onto Rhonda's erection, still dilated it slid easily inside Janes eager arse and started riding for all she was worth. Rhonda pulled herself up so she could kiss Jane and Michelle who had knelt beside them. Jane managed two orgasms before Rhonda cum inside Jane who came again as soon as Rhonda's cum started to fill her. Michelle had her orgasm, still no hands.
