 My Wife Tells Me a Story

For a few years now my wife and I have enjoyed watching porn together- taking advantage of what's available on the internet and by way of DVDs on our television. Although she doesn't like to watch anything extreme, no violence or coercion for example, just pretty standard heterosexual stuff, she obviously gets turned on when we watch. She knows I sometimes look at stuff without her when she's out of the house, and recently coming in from being at work she asked me what I was looking at. I explained I was reading a 'dirty' story from the 'Literotica' site - to which she said, rather archly I thought, that she didn't know what that was but she could tell me a story or two about her experiences before we had got together. 

To be honest I wasn't sure that I wanted to hear about her previous exploits, but I have to admit that at the same time I was rather intrigued as to what she had got up to. (I knew she was pretty experienced, more so than me, and had had quite a few lovers before we got together, but she had only ever made the occasional passing reference to them.) So that night when I was sliding my cock in and out of her, as ever, ready, juicy, and hairy cunt, I said.

"So you could tell me a story or two could you..."

"Oh yes," she murmured "I think I could. But would you really like me to?"

"I don't really know," I responded. "Why not try me?"

And she did - and rather to my surprise I found that as her tale, with the occasional question or comment from me, unfolded I got more and more turned on. To the point in fact that when she got to the moment in her story when a big hard cock was shoved up her cunt I just couldn't wait anymore and just had to start fucking her in earnest. She responded in kind and it was obvious from her groans and slaps on my arse that she was enjoying this new experience as much as I was! 

Later as I snuggled up against her, my now limp but still sticky cock pressed against her full round buttocks wondering if it could go again, we both agreed we had enjoyed our session and it would be nice to repeat it sometime. And so, over the next year or so she would occasionally make one of her 'confessions', as we came to call them, as we made love. Then one day I was bemoaning a business trip I had to make that would take me away from home for a week

"It's just not the same wanking myself to sleep" I told her "Even with the pictures I have of you on my laptop to help me do so!"

"Well" she responded" why don't we record a few of my 'confessions'. You can then listen to them as you wank." Adding with a giggle "They certainly seem to help you come off alright!"

And that is what we started to do and this story is a sort of transcript, verbatim as far as possible, of the first story she told me.

"When I worked at the hospital" (she was once an Auxiliary Nurse in a hospital on the edge of South West London) "There was a doctor, a registrar, quite a lot younger than me, who used to make suggestive remarks, saying that he fancied me and things like that. I used to laugh this off saying he shouldn't be so silly and that I was old enough to be his mother - perhaps something of an exaggeration as I was about 35 and he was in his mid twenties I suppose. But he persisted, even touching me up when he got the opportunity and once briefly thrusting himself up against my bum, so I could feel his cock was hard, when he found me bending over in a cupboard. Then one day as we happened to go off duty at the same time he asked me to go to his room. I knew why he was asking me and what he wanted and although slightly concerned about the discrepancy between our ages I agreed.

"So what did you think he had in mind" I asked.

"Oh he wanted to fuck me I knew that" she said "It wasn't the first time a doctor had taken me to his room. To be honest it wasn't that unusual for us nurses to be picked up in this way.

"How many other doctors had had you there?"

"Oh, I don't know I think he was the second ... no third. The first was a senior consultant much older than me, in his sixties I guess. All he wanted to do was to fuck me up my arse ..."

"And did he?" I murmured

"Ah" she said "that's another story isn't it! Anyway, when we got to his room I'd hardly shut the door before he started stripping me - and he didn't stop until I was completely nude." slit

"Did you help him?" I asked gently rubbing my nob my cock up and down her slit, eliciting from her a soft moan of pleasure.

"No I didn't have to. He turned me round and unzipped my uniform and then pulled it and my slip down over my shoulders, before undoing my bra to get at my tits. He put his arms round me and licked my neck as he played with my nipples making them hard and erect. I could feel his stiff cock against my arse telling me he was as excited as I was. Then he turned me round again and pulled my dress and my slip right down. Next he knelt in front of me and I kicked my shoes off as he rolled down my tights and knickers before lifting first one of my legs and then the other to help me step out of them. And there I was starkers with his face just inches from my exposed fanny."

"How did you find that?" I asked.

"Exciting - well it was a bit embarrassing I suppose, but at the same time it was also arousing to be stood there naked whilst he was knelt, fully clothed, staring at my cunt. I knew I was wet and that my cunt juice was running down the inside of my leg. Then he leant forward and began running his tongue up and down my slit. He found my clit and began to suck it. My legs nearly buckled and he told me to sit on the bed. He stood in front of me, between my legs, and asked me to get his cock out. As I began to unzip him he began to unbutton and take off his shirt. I quickly pulled down his trousers but had trouble getting his pants over his big stiff cock. But then it sprang free."

"And?"

"Oh it was hard, really hard with a lovely purple knob, not all that long maybe, but nice and thick. He asked me to suck it and I did, licking some pre cum away and then drawing his knob into my mouth. I sucked him up and down, cupping his balls as I did so. He thrust himself gently backwards and forwards making little piggy like grunts. Finally he pulled back and just lent down and lifted my legs so that I fell back across the bed. He knelt down and began to lick my cunt again as he reached up and again began to play with my tits. I had to concentrate hard not to come there and then."

"Why?" I asked although I could so easily guess the answer!

"Because I wanted to come with his prick up me! Then he lifted his head up and swinging me round, so that I now lay lengthways on the bed, he parted and lifted my legs into the air again exposing my cunt to his gaze. He took another good long look at my, wet and gaping hole before he grasped his cock and began sliding it slowly up and down my slit. After a few minutes of this he gently placed his knob between my cunt lips and began to mount me, pushing his cock up my cunny. It was gorgeous - lovely hard, thick stiff, young cock. I nearly came before he got half of it inside me. When it was deeply embedded he began to grind against me and very quickly I did come. I just couldn't help myself I tried to keep the noise down knowing how thin the walls of the rooms were - but even so I couldn't really hold back and gasped and shouted out stuff like..."Yes, yes, oh my god oh oh aaaaahhhh! ..."

"Well you know the noise I can make don't you? He then lay almost motionless, taking his weight on his hands whilst he licked, nuzzled, sucked and bit my nipples. Gradually I found myself responding again and I began to move my hips thrusting gently against him as he rode me. He began to fuck me properly. Gently at first but gradually increasing his tempo until we were shagging each other as hard as ever we could. Then he started grunting and gasping and saying he had to come. He yanked his cock out of me, making a real slurping sound as he did so, and told me to wank him as he reached down and began frigging my clit. Then his body went stiff and I could feel his cock, wet with my juices and slipping easily through my fingers, throbbing as he began to come. I held his cock to my tits and as I began to come again he began pumping spunk over me! God he had plenty of it and he had a good range it splashed everywhere, some of it ending up on my face and some even in my hair! Mind you I didn't do bad for my part. I had a really good squirt and left a large wet patch over the sheets. When he'd finished he collapsed across me and for a while, as it grew dark outside and the afternoon drew on, we dozed. Then I got up, used his sink to wash myself got dressed and went home to get the kids tea!"

"And did you see him again?"

"Only a few times, once he had me in his car, a quick fuck in a country car park and once we went to his room again. But ... Well these things rarely last do they and he got promoted and moved away. But it was good whilst it lasted!"