 This is a continuation please read 1st and 2nd chapters to make sure you don’t get lost. 

*****

After Yolanda left I could not continue to paint my mind was completely blank I didn’t know what to do or say.

I heard a car start and peered out the window to see Yolanda pulling away.

I decided it was time to go home. After packing up all the paint and supplies I turned off all the lights and set the security system and headed for home.

In the high state of horniness I was in I attempted to show my wife that I was up to have some fun.

Lauren, sleeping heavily did not respond to any of my ministrations frustrated I decided to force her to have sex with me. I’ve tried this before without any positive results.

But here we go again,

I pulled her panties down and off her body she mumbled something I could not understand I didn’t let that stop me I grabbed an ankle in each hand and pushed her legs up and apart.

My god her pussy smells so fucking good.

I spit on my hand and proceeded to lubricate my meat, which was hard as granite.

I then lined up my dick with her pussy and slammed it home with one smooth stroke.

Awwwwwww I was in pure heaven for 5 nanoseconds.

That’s when my wife woke up pissed off.

WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOUR DOING, she screamed at me.

I am not a fucking blow up doll that you just stick your dick in hump for a few minutes blow your fucking load then roll over and go to sleep.

David when you do shit like this it makes me not want to ever give you any pussy.

Man I thought Lauren’s madder than she has ever been but I was not to be denied this evening, remember I am balls deep in her pussy.

I ignored her rantings and ravings and dropped down to kiss her while fucking the shit out of her.

While attempting to insert my tongue into her mouth she bit me, she fucking bit me.

That got me to stop I pulled out of her and went to the bathroom to see if I was bleeding

Thank god I was not.

I went back into our bedroom screaming mad.

Where in the hell do you get off Lauren 

Well David if you treat me with respect and love me and stop treating me like a 2 dollar hoe then I wouldn’t have had to resort to such measures.

I had had enough of this bullshit, look Lauren I am a man and as a man I have needs and if your not willing to fill those needs then well…….

Well what David, what are you going to do cheat on me. Hah David I would have thought you’d found a side piece to fuck years ago.

Then that way you would leave me the hell alone.

Ok Lauren if that’s the way you want it fine, I’ll get me some ass but don’t fucking think your off the hook. I will still fuck you. Now take your butt to sleep I’m tired.

As I laid there with my eyes closed, trying impossibly to go to sleep my mind was contemplating all the new doors that my wife had just opened up for me.

My dick was still hard.

I was just about to start to take care of my little problem when I felt my wife move. I thought she was getting up to go to the bathroom. 

But then all of a sudden I felt her warm wet mouth wrapped around my mean man.

She slurped on my dick she was going hard and fast you would have thought she was eating a fast melting ice cream cone.

I opened my eyes to see this woman who was making me feel so good. 

Receiving my second blow job of the night I naturally compared the two,

There really wasn’t any comparisons

Laurens mouth was warm and perfectly fit around my dick

Yolanda's mouth was hot and my dick stretched her mouth.

But they do have one thing in common…….

Aww shit all this fucking comparing while being masterfully sucked I could not hold out any longer. My eyes closed a let out a low guttural scream. My dick burst like an overpressured hose. I knew I was filling Lauren’s mouth but I did not see one shiny sliver of my hot juice. 

That’s the common thing they both swallow.

Lauren got up without saying anything she went to the bathroom and brushed her teeth

When she got back to the room she spoke.

Listen David I do love you and I do want you but I don’t have the drive you do so to keep our marriage I will find you a fuck buddy.

Wellllllll that’s all folks,

For now that is keep the comments coming, oh and don’t forget to vote! 