 My wife and I are in our late forties and had been happily married for the past twenty years. We met after college and had built a very nice life together. We are extremely open with one another, and when it comes to sex we know we can share our most inner desires with each other. Over the years our sex life had been nothing but fantastic. I think we can safely say that we had built a mutual trust between us that is unwavering. 

It had been about a year ago when my wife came to me one night and said, "I need to tell you something, but you got to promise you won't get mad at me."

I was ready for bed when I replied back, "You know you can share anything with me."

"Over the past few months I had been fantasizing about being taken by a complete stranger with a huge cock. Please don't be mad at me?" she said.

I had to admit it caught me a bit off guard because she had never approached this subject before. I had no idea this had been a desire of hers, and I knew my own cock was nothing special. We had talked previously about wife sharing and swinging, but never got to the point on actually following through on it. I am an open person and respect my wife's ideas, and there was no way I would ever be mad her for sharing such a desire with me. 

"You want to experience a big cock?" I replied back.

"I am sorry! I shouldn't had mentioned it," she replied back.

"There is no need to apologize. I actually want to hear more about your fantasy!" I said. 

"I don't know why I get so turned on just thinking about it. I masturbated several times to the thought of a younger guy ravishing my body with his huge cock to the point I nearly pass out. Maybe it has something to do with me getting older, or it could have something to do with Sheila from the office. She brags all the time how well-endowed her hubby is and how great there sex life is because of it. She told me I needed try a big cock just one time and see what a difference it makes. She said her orgasms are off the charts and he wears her out to the point of exhaustion. I just can't get the thought of it out of my mind. Feel how damp my panties are?"

I felt a huge adrenalin rush and I reached over and felt my wife's panties. They were extremely wet, and I hadn't seen her this aroused in years. I got to admit it made me extremely aroused and the thought of her wanting a young man with an enormous cock just added to my arousal.

I laughed out and said, "Wow! You are quite aroused! I bet you would love a big cock right now."

"It isn't funny at all! I know you wouldn't understand?" my wife replied back.

"You are right I am sorry. Why don't you actually go for it? I am open to the idea if you are," I then said to her.

My wife shook her head from side to side and said, "I don't know if I could go through with it. I am hoping that over time it will just disappear and life will be normal again."

"Just remember you are getting older, and chances of being able to experience a fantasy like this is drawing to a close," I replied back.

Over the next several months my wife and I began to role play it out in the bedroom. She would pretend she was taking on a young stranger with a big cock even though my cock was just barely average in size. It was still good enough for her, and she would cry out into powerful orgasms every time we played it out. I mentioned along the way that I was more than open to the idea of her being with a young stud, but she still wasn't at the point of giving it a try.

A few more months had passed, and the talk of her being shared with a guy with a big cock had nearly subsided. I basically had given up on the idea and the excitement of role playing it out in the bedroom had dwindled down to nothing. Then one night after making love she quietly said, "I think I am ready to do it."

I was half asleep when I suddenly turned and said, "What did you just say? Ready for what?"

"I think I am ready to let go and experience my ultimate fantasy in life." 

I felt an instant arousal and I said to her, "Are you sure about this? What suddenly brought this on?"

"I had been thinking about it for a while now, and my desires have grown to a point that I can't take it any longer. I am also getting older and this might be my last shot of experiencing my fantasy," she replied back. 

I was truly excited and told her that in the morning that I would look for a suitable gentleman who could give her a fantasy of a lifetime. I began to articulated several ideas in my mind and I could hardly sleep that night.

The next morning after about an hour or so of sleep I got up and grabbed the camera. I began to take a few shots of her while she lay there vulnerable on the bed with a small amount of clothing on.

"What are you doing?" she asked as she awoke from a restless night of sleep.

"I need a few seductive shots of your lovely body for the personals."

My wife knowing how important it was on finding that right young man began to show herself off as she laid on our bed. She began to get into it as she gave me several seductive poses with just long t-shirt on. I wanted to see more of her and a few minutes later she began to lift up the long t-shirt that covered her beautiful body. My wife's breasts are all natural and good size and I took several shots of them exposed. She then slid her panties down just enough to show off her gorgeous ass. She looked extremely hot just lying there exposed and my cock began to harden.

A short time later I got onto my computer and went to a well-known site for personals. I posted a brief description on what we were looking for, along with a few seductive pics of her. I gave them just enough of a view of her lovely body to get their attention. I said that my wife had this long time fantasy of being taken by a young man with a huge cock and if anyone wanted to help her out with her fantasy to contact me. I then went off to work that morning with a huge hard on, and I couldn't wait to get home later that evening.

I was extremely aroused all day long and when five came I couldn't get home quick enough. Later that evening I was surprised to see several responses in my email. I quickly went through a few of them and was quite impress with what I had received. Several of them adored my wife's beautiful body and loved how natural her body was for a woman of her age.

Over the next few days I responded back to the ones that showed the most interest. There were several that just wanted to be with an older married woman like my wife, but other's just wanted to fuck her good and hard. I had a tough choice ahead of me and I began to narrow down my list. I kept my wife out of all of the decision making, and I wanted this to be a surprise for her. I needed to find that particular guy who I thought could bring out the woman in her and make her fantasy everything she had ever wanted. 

They all had their own attributes, but I finally settle on one guy in particular. There was something about Chris that had caught my attention from the beginning. He was good looking and certainly was very well-hung, but it was his attitude that I liked most. He had a charisma of wanting to take control and make my wife his own personal slut. I don't know why I loved his personality so much, but he had my cock raging with excitement.

Chris was almost twenty years younger than my wife and worked in construction. He had broad shoulders and a small waist. He stood over six foot tall and his body was extremely sculptured. His love of dominating a married woman like my wife was the biggest part on why I was so drawn to him. 

Chris and I chatted over the next few nights and decided that all three of us should get together one night for drinks. He was extremely enthusiastic about meeting my wife and the age difference certainly wasn't a problem for him. He wanted to make sure that it would be just him and my wife. He wasn't into any weird stuff and I made it clear to him that I was only there to observe. He also said he was disease free and doesn't like to use a condom. I was too excited to object and a few nights later my wife and I met him at a local establishment. 

My wife and he seemed to hit it off almost immediately and we decided to meet that coming weekend. We met at a small motel off the beaten path. I texted Chris with the room number and we waited patiently for him to arrive. My wife sat on the bed nervously, but also with a great deal of excitement. This was quite a big experience for the both of us and we were now in unchartered waters. I just hoped that this night goes as planned and it something she will remember for a long time to come. It had been almost twenty minutes later when Chris knocked at the door. He was all business walking in and instantly took control of the situation from the start just like I had imagined.

His tone of voice had changed substantially since we last met him and he began to bark out orders to my wife, "I want to see those beautiful tits!"

My wife was a bit stunned at first how his mannerisms had changed, but quickly gave in and did as she was told. I sat quietly off to the side extremely excited as my wife unclasped the back of her bra. She laid it down on the dresser and stood before him. Her tits looked fantastic and Chris immediately told her how much he loved them.

"I want to see your ass now!" he said to her a few seconds later.

My wife spun around and turned her ass back towards him. She slowly slid her pants down and Chris got a good look at her nicely curved ass. She stood there in just her panties and that was when Chris said to her, "Slide those panties up in between the cheeks of your ass."

My wife grabbed the sides of her panties and pulled them upward as they tightened up inside the crack of her beautiful ass.

"Fuck your ass is so nice! Bend over and show it to me!" Chris ordered.

My wife bent slightly forward and she pushed her beautiful ass back towards him. 

"Man baby! I am going to fuck you so good and hard tonight with my big cock! That ass is so special. Take those panties off!"

My wife while still slightly bent over slid her panties down to the floor while Chris began to undress. She stood before him vulnerable and exposed and Chris stared deeply at her lovely naked body. He then slid his pants and boxers down and my wife got a close up look at the sheer size of his cock. It hung several inches down in between his legs and looked to weigh five times the weight of my own cock. 

"You like what you see?" Chris said a few seconds later.

My wife couldn't take her eyes off his huge cock and seconds later she heard, "Get on the bed!"

My wife slithered up onto the bed and laid there trembling with fear. I could see by the look in her eyes that she was extremely nervous, but also had that hint of excitement. Chris made his way over to the bed and said, "Open up those legs! I want to see your swollen cunt!"

My wife slowly opened up her legs for Chris. Her pussy was extremely swollen and moisture now dribbled down each side of her legs. Chris then crawled up onto the bed and began to spread my wife's legs even wider apart. She was no match for his strength and she knew she was at his mercy from this point on. 

He moved his head down in between my wife's legs. He wrapped his strong arms around my wife's thighs and held tightly onto each of them. My wife was unable to move from his grip and she felt his long tongue tease her aroused pussy. Chris made her squeal out just minutes later, while his tongue glided back and forth across her swollen pussy. He sucked hard on it and several minutes later my wife moaned out into a powerful orgasm. Chris didn't stop there though. He continued to work his long tongue across her swollen lips even harder now. He was extremely aggressive with her and she began to cry out even louder. 

"Oh god! Oh god!" she cried out.

Her body began to squirm hard on the bed and she tried frantically to push his head off her swollen cunt, but it was no use. He was going to break her in one way or another into being his slut and the sounds of my wife begging him to stop filtered throughout the room. She tried frantically to pry his face from her aroused pussy one last time. She was close to another powerful orgasm and Chris's strength was far too great for her. A few seconds later she began to cry out once again. Her body shook hard on the bed and she began to scream out as she came extremely hard once again. I had never eaten her out like this ever before and after nearly thirty minutes Chris finally stopped. My wife laid there out of it with her head up against the headboard. Her body still trembled hard on the bed as Chris grabbed each of her legs and slid it back onto the center of the bed. 

He pushed my wife's legs wide apart and moved his tight body in between them. A few seconds later he forced the head of his big cock against the lips of my wife's throbbing pussy. She wanted his cock badly and began to cry out for him to fuck her.

"Oh god I need your cock inside me now! I want you to fuck me hard with it!" 

Chris pushed his huge cock in between her swollen pussy lips. My wife let out a loud hollowing cry and she felt his cock penetrate deeply into her. He began to fuck her with nice long even strokes, while only working several inches of his cock deeply into her. My cock throbbed with excitement and I watched my wife of twenty years moan out on another man's cock. 

Several minutes later my wife's moans began to pick up substantially. She was on the verge of a powerful orgasm and Chris knew it. He held her tightly down onto the bed and said to her, "You want to cum baby? You want to cum all over my big cock!"

"Yes! Oh god yes!" my wife screamed out. 

Chris now began to fuck her harder on the bed. He gave it to her good and hard for the next few minutes as my wife screamed out into a hard pounding orgasm right before my own eyes.

"Did you like that baby? Did you cum hard on my big cock!"

"Oh god yes!" my wife cried out.

Chris now wanted to change positions. He quickly laid down onto his back and had my wife climbed on top of his huge cock. His cock was standing straight upward and my wife slowly worked herself down onto the shaft of it. Her pussy stretched tightly around the circumference of his cock and she began to force herself down onto several inches of it. She fucked him hard for several minutes, while taking on about six or seven inches of his cock. Chris wanted her take all of it and he took matters into his own hands. He reached back with both hands and placed them firmly on my wife's ass. He held tightly onto her ass with his strong hands and began to ram his cock hard up into her causing my wife to scream out again into another powerful orgasm just minutes later.

Chris continued to fuck her for another few minutes before changing positions once again. This time he had her get onto all fours on the center of the bed. He gave her ass several hard smacks before pushing his big cock bag into her. Her face was against the sheets and her hands held tightly onto the bed. He fucked her hard with long even strokes, pushing several inches of his cock deeply into her. My wife began to scream out, "Oh god! Give it to me! Give it to me!"

She had never been fucked this hard ever before, and she was once again on the verge of cumming. Chris pounded his cock hard into her for the next few minutes sending my wife into another earth shattering orgasm. 

It had been nearly ten minutes later, and my wife was fading fast. She could only take so much and Chris continued to wear her out with his huge cock. A short time later my wife was once again on the brink of cumming. She no longer could stay up on her knees and now laid flat on the bed. She began to scream out loudly and she once again began to cum hard all over Chris's big cock. He continued to fuck her hard for another few minutes before pulling his throbbing cock from her worn out pussy. 

Chris now had his cock pointed directly down at my wife's ass and began to stroke hard on it. He gave his cock several hard strokes before it began to erupt. He shot several waves of cum all over her tender ass, while I watched from just a few feet away. She had lost all control of herself as she tried to regain her composure.

Thirty minutes had passed and Chris and my wife began to make out once again on the bed. His cock was nearly hard again and he wanted to take my wife one more time. She slid her head down onto his cock and began to suck on it. She sucked hard on his cock for several minutes while wrapping both hands tightly around the circumference of his huge cock. A short time later she once again begged him to fuck her once again.

"Oh god I need you to fuck me again!" my wife moaned out. 

My wife now climbed over top of Chris's huge cock. She slowly inserted his cock back into her and she began to work herself back n forth on it. Her moans quickly filled the small room and several minutes later she was on the edge of cumming once again. Chris began to urge her to move faster on his cock and my wife did. She couldn't take it any longer and she began to cum hard all over the shaft of his cock. Her orgasm was so powerful that her body shook for the next few minutes.

Chris now rolled her off his cock and down onto her stomach. She laid flat on the bed and her head hung slightly over the edge. Her face was pointed in my general direction and Chris mounted himself back behind her gorgeous ass. She began to cry out once again and Chris gave her tender ass a few hard smacks with his hand. My wife was extremely aroused and she said, "Give it to me! Please!"

Chris gave it to her good and hard for the next several minutes. She could only take it so long and before she knew it she screamed out into another intense orgasm. Chris fucked her hard for another few minutes before he flip her over onto her back. Her head still hung over the edge of the bed and Chris now knelt in between her legs. He again fucked her hard and my wife screamed out like never before. She was on fire and Chris began to slam every inch of his big cock deeply into her. 

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" my wife cried out again and again.

A good fifteen minutes had passed and Chris's orgasm began to build. He gave my wife several more thrusts with his cock before he suddenly yanked it from her pussy. He moved up over top of her face and began to stroke hard on his cock. Then a minute later his cock began to explode. He began to cum hard all over my wife's beautiful face as he covered it in cum. 

My wife lay there for several minutes with cum running down her cheeks and face. Chris quickly got dressed and left a short time later. This had been my wife's only experience with a big cock though we recently began to role play it out again in the bedroom. I wonder how long before she wants another big cock inside her. I am getting the feeling that it will be soon.