 Sorry about the lengthy delay been real busy making more material to write about

You might want to read chapter 1 before continuing on, thanks

Thanks for the few responses they are greatly appreciated.

This is a continuation of my seduction of Yolanda (or was she seducing me!). 

For the next few days I had nothing but intense and vivid dreams about Yolanda. I could see her sitting at her desk with her legs spread wide. The soft glow of the computer screen giving off enough light to see her milky fluids oozing out and around that hard but soft rubber and plastic vibrator. Her legs trembling in anticipation, as she slides the fake dick in further. She bottoms out Yolanda then lets out a mewl that would be music to any man's ears...

beep beep beep...

Damn that dream was so real. I wake up with a massive hard on that needs immediate relief. I must have this woman I proceed to set forth a plan that will get me in between her juicy folds.

Yolanda had recently lost an aunt and was helping to prepare the house to sell it. She needed help painting the living room and asked my wife if we could help. She also asked if she could borrow our digital camera so that she could take some pictures of the house. My wife was unable to help but I would be free at night after work to assist in any way I could.

We set a day and time when I would go over to the house and start painting, I had to go pick the keys up cause I would be working alone.

While picking up the keys Yolanda also gave me the security codes to deactivate the alarm system which was 6969 that got me thinking who made this code her aunt or her.

Yolanda read my mind she told me her aunt made the code and it was her favorite position. She also went on to tell me she was sexually active until 2 wks before her death. I was like wow she was 79 years old.

I hope I'm active at that age. 

I asked Yolanda why are you telling me this?

I don't know just thought you'd like to know, was her response.

I shook my head and said I would love to discuss this matter further but I need to show you how to use this camera.

I showed her what to do then took a few pictures of her and printed them off then she took one of me to make sure she could do it. The pictures came out fine. Yolanda said she understood everything and I said ok great.

Ok I 'd better get going if I'm going to make it to work on time, we said our goodbyes and I left.

After a pretty uneventful day at work I called Lauren and told her I was headed over to the house on Lawnwood to start the painting. It wasn't in the greatest of neighborhoods so my wife told me to call her after about 3hrs so that she would know I was ok. No problem baby I also call when I leave, she said you are so great Yolanda really appreciates your help (I thought, yeah but you don't I can't even get any slip thigh).

As I was getting ready to hang up Lauren said oh by the way Yolanda said she left something for you at the house to show her gratitude. I asked my wife what is it she said she didn't know but she thinks its beer cause she called and asked what kind did you drink. I was like cool a case of high life would go down smooth while working. Ok baby I'm gonna hang up now I'm almost there, ok love you talk to you soon, bye

Sure enough after getting into the house and deactivating the alarm I found 2 6 packs of miller high life.

I opened a bottle and started to prepare the first area of the house to be painted.

It was kinda quiet so I cut on a small portable radio to put some music in the air.

Ok everything set I started painting, I must have been painting for at least 90 minutes when a phone started ringing it wasn't my cell phone and I didn't know Yolanda still had the phone hooked up in the house so I decided not to answer it. Eventually it stopped ringing. About 2 minutes later it started ringing again. I thought about and then answered it.

Hello, do you know what time it is?

The voice responded ...yes I know what time it is 

I immediately recognized Yolanda's voice and my mood softened

Well did you find what I left for you?

Yes the beer is great right near freezing just the way I like it, thanks

Oh ok well I'll be going to bed soon and I just wanted to make sure everything was fine, she said

Yes yes everything ok I reassured her I'm a big boy I can handle myself

I hope you can Yolanda said seductively

Well I'm going to let you get back to work, goodnight

Goodnight Yolanda

After hanging up the phone I went and opened up my 1,2,-- Damn I'm on my fifth beer already. I swallowed the beer down while trimming around a window.

As I bent over I realized that I had to drain my bladder. I found the bathroom after cutting on the light. I now knew what Yolanda had left for me.

What a sight!!!!!!!!!!

There were 16 count em 16 pictures of Yolanda in various poses and all were completely nude.

It was like in my dreams the 10" dildo sticking out of milky creaming pussy ( by the way I forgot all about pissing) sitting on the toilet was the dildo it was in a plastic zip lock bag

I opened the bag and inhaled 

MY GOODDDDDDDDD this woman's pussy smelled better than momma's pancakes and sausage on Sunday morning..

I was in a dilemma my bladder was starting to remind me of my original intent on entering the bathroom in the first place but my balls were pressing for release first.

My bladder won the fight.

Whew after relieving my bladder the phone started ringing again, this time I ran to answer it.

Hello

I take it you found what I left for you?

I decided to play dumb yeah I did thanks for the beer I thought we discussed this earlier?

Quit playing wit me boy you know what I mean

Of course I found it, I haven't been able to get back to work though since I found your gift

I understand, david hey by the way would you mind checking out the back yard to make sure the damn kids ain't turned over my garbage cans?

Sure Yolanda I'll check it out before I leave

(just then it sounded like someone moving something in the back yard)

You know what Yolanda call me back in 5 min. I'm going to checkout the back yard

I'll hold on while you check it out, Yolanda said

I checked it out nothing appeared to be out of order so I came back into the house I went to grab the phone but it was on the hook I didn't remember hanging the phone up so I surmised that I had been drinking too much.

I decided to go back to the bathroom and finish what I didn't get a chance to start earlier.

As I entered the bathroom I was greeted with another surprise

There she is sitting on the edge of tub the woman of my most recent dreams with the 10" dildo buried. Ms. Yolanda in all her glory.

She just smiled at me she did not speak vocally but her body said it all.

She slowly fucked herself. I thought well she's here so why not and proceeded to walk towards her I attempted to touch her but she would not let me. She then stared at my pant covered crotch.

I eventually decided to show her what she wanted to see I unzipped my pants and let my thick black dick see the sunshine. Yolanda inhaled noticeably as my big man jerked around violently 2" from her mouth.

While standing there my cell phone started ringing 

I stupidly answered hello

Hows it coming David

Ok I should be here another 1 hr or sooooo...Yolanda took this opportunity to slide the head of my dick into her mouth...i didn't last long

Ok Lauren go to bed I'll be...awwwwwwwwww shittttttt...(I just dumped a massive amount of sperm down this buxom beautys throat, and she didn't waste a drop)

What what what happened, Lauren asked helplessly

I had to think quick...oh its nothing I said out of breath I just lost a gallon of paint, I dropped it on my foot and slid down the stairs

Well ok I'll let you go so you can clean up your mess.

Its ok Lauren there isn't any mess

Huh, I thought you said you lost I a gallon of paint?

I did but I didn't say it was open

Oh you think you funny

Goodnight

Goodnight

What the hell was that Yolanda?

I didn't here you complaining earlier

Who said I'm complaining now

Oh just checking and you know I don't why I did it it just seemed right

But I really must be going I have to be to work in 4 hrs, wait Yolanda you have to let me do something for you. You can't just leave.

I can and I will is what she said and did 

Well look forward to the next installment if you want it write me

And vote