 Right around the time that my wife's thirtieth birthday began to approach, our sex life changed dramatically. At first, it completely disappeared. I mean completely. Then we finally addressed the problem and we both realized that she was afraid she was "passed her prime". After a nice heart to heart conversation, I convinced her that she was just in the beginning of her prime and that her maturity combined with her sex appeal and bedroom skills made me look forward to the coming years with great expectations.

She didn't understand the maturity comment. At first, she thought that just meant that I thought older women were sexy. I had to explain that the maturity I meant was the maturity of the mind. In other words, she didn't view sex like a twenty year old, who is too preoccupied with what people think to really get down and enjoy herself.

As a thirty year old wife and mother, my wife had nothing to worry about. She didn't have to worry about her "number" or about having a guy think that she was too into sex to be "marriage material". No, my wife had nothing to hold her back from fully indulging her every desire.

Much to my surprise, she had never thought of this. In fact, she didn't even realize that she held herself back sexually until we talked. She thought she shared with me but quickly realized that she held a lot back. So I wanted to know, what made her hot?

Her answer stunned me. Without stuttering or blushing, she said that she loved when we had sex after a few drinks. I didn't know that I did this, but apparently I treat her differently, less like my loving wife and more like a hot piece of ass to fuck. And she loves it!

I had to know more about this. What exactly did I do that she liked so much? What exactly did she do that she liked so much. Again, her answer stunned me. She told me that, when we're both a little drunk, she feels like she's got a responsibility to serve me. But, at the same time, she says that she gets very horny when drunk and likes to use me too.

Wow! I cannot tell you how earth shattering this is to hear from your typically shy suburban wife! To find out that she liked when I treated her like a hot piece of ass for me to use make me so hard and horny I felt like I was drunk! 

She wanted to know what she did differently when we're drunk that made me so wild and I thought about it for a minute. I guess, I told her, that when she is drunk she isn't so shy. She doesn't get undressed under the covers or while we're making out. She just strips, even if we're not in the bedroom. Sometimes, she's undressed downstairs and I have the pleasure of following her big bare ass as she walks up the stairs. 

When I told her this, I couldn't help but reach out and give her ass a little smack. God it felt so good to do that, so I did it again. I asked if she liked that and she replied that she loved it. So I told her she'd love it more if she got out of all her clothes and stripped naked.

With incredible eagerness, my wife took my suggestion and began to undress. I did not, however, getting turned on by the idea of her being naked and me being clothed. I took advantage of our new openness to tell her all the complimentary things I think about her body whenever I get a good view of it.

I told her how soft and round her tits are and how I loved watching them rock back and forth when I got on top of her. I told her how I love the curve of her hips, the smooth flat sexiness of her tummy and the incredibly hot thickness of her thighs. But, most of all, I liked her big fat ass.

My wife isn't fat. But she's blessed with a nice round ass. A nice thick round ass. And I love it. Doggy style, she looked so amazing that I've often thought she was born to be fucked this way. And I told her that as she undressed. I told her that her ass is so fucking sexy that it just begs to be fucked doggy style and she proceeded to bend over and show it off for me.

Oh did this freak me out. I was sitting on the couch and she was standing in front of me, bare ass naked, bent over and shaking that big round ass in my face. I wanted to squeeze it, to bite it, to smack it. I pulled her around and helped her onto the couch, kneeling over the back. I wanted her to shake it, to move her body like she was fucking doggy style.

She started to and got right into it, even reaching behind and spreading her cheeks apart. My heart felt like it was going to explode. I started to pull my clothes off, asking if she's ready for me. She didn't reply in words, my wife isn't much of a sex talker. But she replied in moans. 

I guess to compensate for not talking much, she moaned more and more and I knew that I didn't stand a chance to last too long once I entered her. So I got down on my knees first, intending to lick her a little from behind to get her close to cumming before I event entered her. But my aim was off, deliberately, and I went straight for her asshole, where we have always avoided.

Her moans got noticeably louder now. A combination of surprise and pleasure could be heard in her moans and they encouraged me to keep going. My tongue found its way to that little rosebud and I could felt her tightening up as my tongue just barely slipped in the slightest bit.

She reached down a spread her lips, accidentally touching my chin and making me aware that she was rubbing herself. I pressed my tongue a little harder now, not trying to enter her ass really, but just to apply good pressure to it. 

"Oh fuck me!" 

Those words startled, excited and motivated me as they cut through the otherwise quiet living room. My wife couldn't take anymore and wanted to fuck. I quickly stood up and prepared to enter her. Apologizing in advance, I told her there was no way I could be soft and gentle. She replied that she didn't want me to be.

"I want you to fuck me hard", she told me.

I gladly obliged. I slid right into her, and could feel her fingers as she was still working her clit. With no one to spread her cheeks, her big round ass fell back into positions, providing the sexiest cushion for some hard fucking.

I didn't fuck her dirty porn star hard, but smooth, steady and fast enough to make her cheeks shake. As she approached her orgasm, I smacked that ass, called her a "sexy fucking slut" and listened with shear amazement as this sent her over the top for one of the loudest most intense orgasms I think she ever had.

It was the kind of orgasm she gets from oral sex, when she gets so sensitive after that I have to leave her alone. So I pulled out, slid my dick between her soft round cheeks and rode them for another minute. I never did this before either and didn't know what I was missing.

Suddenly, it was me making all the noise, with my wife giggling and encouraging me to cum, to use her ass to cum. And when I did, I did with a force, sending wave after wave of sperm onto her back -- the first time I ever came on her intentionally.

Out of breath and still completely turned on, I couldn't stay and enjoy the view or else some of this might have run off of her and stained our couch. I ran to the kitchen, dampened some paper towels and hurried back to clean her up.

She looked so hot still in positions with my cum on her back and a flushed look all over her body that I actually made her give me a little blow job before I cleaned her up. After I was clean, she returned to the blow job and we were quickly on our way to only our third multiple orgasm night in our relationship.

As wild as this night was, this was just the first day in the most intense time of my life. I love my wife and love to fuck her too. I'm so glad that one doesn't prevent the other.