 When I awoke on Sunday morning, Marge was still nestled up to me, breathing softly. I had my usual morning hard-on and felt an urgent need to piss. I disentangled myself and made my way to the bathroom to relieve the pressure. It was apparent that Marge had been up sometime during the night, my clothing was carefully folded and placed on the dirty clothes hamper and there was a towel laying on the counter next to the wash basin. 

After I had emptied my bladder, I stepped to the washstand and dashed some cold water on my face and rinsed my mouth with some of her mouthwash. When I used her towel to dry my face, I could smell the mixture of our mutual cum on it. The odor was intoxicating and I found my prick responding, to stand away slightly, from my groin. At that precise moment, Marge came into the bathroom behind me. Throwing her arms around my waist, she hugged me to her body. 

"My god, Pete, last night was the most fabulous feeling for me," she said. I turned in her arms to embrace her. "Don't squeeze me, lover," she giggled. "I've got to pee and you're liable to squeeze it out of me." We released each other and she sat down in the toilet, immediately releasing a flood.

For the first time I got a good look at her nude. Her skin appeared to be flawless, her small, coral tipped breasts had not the slightest hint of sag. She caught sight of my half erect cock and as I watched, her nipples enlarged and became distended. She reached out and took hold of my prick. 

"You're such a beautiful thing," she said softly, speaking directly to it. "Ooo, look at you! You're growing so big and strong!" 

"What did you, expect, dear? He hasn't been so happy in such a long time," I replied.

She released my cock and, grabbing a wad of toilet paper, wiped her pussy dry. "Pete, why don't you have any hair around your...you know...prick?" I had forgotten that both Jane and I had always shaved our genitals, thinking it made us feel sexier.

I explained this to Marge and she asked, "Will you shave me too?" 

I laughed, "Of course, my love, if you want." 

"I want," she replied. 

"But right now, I need my morning coffee. I really can't function without it." 

"Good," I said, "That makes two of us then I'll shave your beautiful pussy. Okay?"

Without bothering with any clothing, we went to the kitchen, where Marge started the coffee maker and poured each of us a glass of orange juice. "We need our vitamin C if we're going to carry on like last night." When the coffee was ready, we sat across the table from one another, sipping the hot brew. I got my cigarettes from the living room and we smoked with our coffee. 

"You know, Marge, you've got the nicest tits. I really like them and I love to suck those gorgeous nipples." She frowned at me. "I hope you're not kidding me. Hank always said my tits were too small...wanted me to get implants." 

"No, no," I replied. "I really do like smaller tits. Besides, what I can't get in my mouth is just wasted." 

"Well, while we're on compliments, you've got the most talented cock. It's just the right size and it feels so good. I can't wait to put it to good use again."

"Well, first, we're going to shave your beautiful pussy."

We had decided that the kitchen table would be a good place for the 'operation' and Marge retrieved her 'Lady Gillette' and shave cream, along with a towel, from her bathroom. We cleared the table and she climbed up on it to lay on her back, her legs spread for me. Using her kitchen shears, I trimed as much as I could, leaving just a stubble for the razor to remove. I shook the shaving cream can and then squirted a blob of lather onto my hand and began massaging it into the remains of her sparse bush. "Oooo, Pete, that feels nice," she murmured. "If you keep that up much longer I'm going to cum." 

I stopped for a second. "Do you want to cum, love?" 

She shook her head. "Later, my love, later."

In no time I had removed every vestige of her pubic hair, she was as naked as the day she was born. I carefully wiped off the excess shave cream then stopped to admire my work. Her clit was peaking from between her lips and, without thinking, I lowered my head and took the little love button between my lips. Her hips jerked as I made contact. Using both hands, I spread her labia and continued to suck and lick her clit. 

Whoever it was who said that post menopausal women don't lubricate was so wrong! 

Marge's hips began undulating wildly, virtually bouncing off the table surface and my mouth slipped off her clit and my tongue found her love tunnel. She was so wet with her honey and I could taste her sweetness. 

"God, Pete, I'm gonna cum, oh god it feels so good, OH GOD, PETE, DON'T STOP, DON'T STOP!! I'M CUMMING." She was almost screaming as it hit her, she strained up against my face, holding herself rigid. I pushed two fingers into her cunt to reinforce her orgasm. "OH GOD, OH GOD!!" she cried out, clenching the table edges with both hands. I don't know how long her orgasm lasted or if she had several, one right after another, but it went on for several minutes. 

When her panting subsided, she sat up and taking my head in both hands, leaned forward to kiss me, licking her juices from my mouth and lips. "That was so beautiful, Pete. God, I never realized what I had been missing for all these years. You make me feel so damn good!" My rigid cock was practically laying on the table between us. She scooted herself towards the table edge. 

"Fuck me, Pete. Cum in me, make it feel good for you." I guided it to her pussy and began pistoning in and out of her hot, wet, cunt. "Come on, Pete, cum in me, fuck me hard." I needed little encouragement, I was that close. 

When my ballsack began contracting I knew the end was near. I grabbed her hips and buried my cock as deep as I could as my jism raced up my shaft to once again explode into Marge. She could feel my cock jerk with each spurt as I pumped my cum from my balls. She had wrapped her arms around me with the first spurt and held me tight until the spasms stopped and my prick limply shrank out of her.

We held each other in a tight embrace for several minutes, her face buried in the nape of my neck. When I moved to separate us, she said softly, "Please, Pete, just hold me for a little while longer. I've never felt so loved before in my life and it feels so good, I don't want it to end." I gathered her up in my arms and carried her back to her bed. After laying her down I crawled in beside her and again embraced her. "Marge, I've never felt so needed before, you make me feel like a teenager again, something I haven't felt in a long, long time."

She was lying on her side and she moved her leg to lay across mine, her thigh pressing slightly against my flaccid cock. It twitched slightly, bravely trying to become hard and erect again. My age was against me...it would be some time before I could 'get it up' again. In the meantime, I was reveling in the feel of her body pressed to mine. In almost no time, we had both fallen asleep again. 

It was noon time when I awoke to the feel of a warm hand on my cock. Marge was propped up on her left elbow holding my prick in her other hand. I was hard again and as I watched, a crystal clear drop of precum slowly emerged fro the little slit. Marge wiped it off with a finger and then licked it off her finger. Almost immediately, another drop oozed out. This time, Marge raised up so that she could bend over to lick it off. Then, ducking herhead further, took the purple head into her mouth, moving her tongue around it while gently sucking on it as if it were a lollipop. Then, lowering her head further, she attempted to swallow my entire prick. As I felt it press against her soft palate, she gagged slightly, her throat constricting on my cock. The feeling was delicious! 

I reached down and brought her up to me, kissing her and tasting myself on her lips. "Did that feel good, lover," she whispered through our kiss. "I want you to feel as good as you made me feel." I broke our kiss and looked deep in her eyes.

"It did feel good," I replied softly, "but you are the one to be pleased. When it feels good to you, it makes me feel good too."

"God, Pete, you do make me feel so good. I want you to do all the things that you and Jane did. I want you to teach me everything, everything that I've missed for so long. I want to experience every thing."

"You will, my dear, you will, everything I know. But we don't have to do it all today. Let's just fuck ourselves silly today and the rest will come, day by day. Okay?"

"Yes, my love." 

To Be Continued...