 My name is Rick and I'm a BBW man. I've been married to my gorgeous wife Veronica for over 8 years now. We have a fantastic relationship and enjoy having parties at our house with friends and family. I've never wanted to cheat on my wife, but this story is about how one of my wife's friends seduced me after one of our house parties.

The party started one Saturday afternoon. My wife had organized a swimming party in our large backyard pool. Veronica had invited just about everyone we knew including some of her single friends at work. By about 2:00 pm we had about 60 people roaming the patio, deck and playing in the swimming pool. There were many good looking single women showing up from my wife's work wearing bikinis and swimwear. Several that we met for the first time. They were good looking but none of them surprised the beauty of my wife.

I was standing talking to my friend Steve when Veronica walked over to me with an absolutely gorgeous brunette in tow. I could hear Steve gasp beside me.

"Rick, Steve I'd like you to meet Jessica. She just started at my work and we've become really good friends in the past couple of months."

Jessica was wearing a one piece swimsuit, but it was plainly obvious why. She was a gorgeous 25 year old BBW and her tits were massive. I learned later that she wears a size 46JJ bra. Her large nipples were poking against the blue fabric of her swimsuit as they appeared to be erect. Jessica stood much taller than my wife at about 5'8" and must weigh around 190 lbs or so. She is very filled out but I wouldn't call her fat. She also has a very curvy hourglass torso that is accentuated by her curvy child bearing hips. Her face was also gorgeous with large lips and bright blue eyes. Her thick and curly brunette hair ran halfway down her back.

I was quite literally trying not to stare at her huge chest, but found it impossible. Jessica laughed and thrust out her hand in friendship. "Nice to meet you Rick I've heard so much about you from your wife Veronica." She leaned over to my wife and said "he's much better looking than you said Rona". That was the short name most of my wife's friends use to call her.

"Well I did pick him out of the crowd men before I married him." The two women laughed to each other. That's when I caught Jessica looking down at my crotch. She looked back up and licked her lips seductively before walking away with my wife again. My cock twitched and I instantly got an erection. Veronica and Jessica continued on as my wife presented her to the gathering of friends. I watched as this beautiful huge chested girl moved away. 

My cock began throbbing as I thought of the look that Jessica gave me. I didn't think that my wife had noticed which a good thing was. How much did my wife divulge to her anyways, I thought to myself? Veronica and I had always had a great sex life. Veronica has a size 42E chest that I love and I have a huge 11 inch penis that she adores. It the one thing that my wife never seems to tire sucking. 

Did my wife tell her that I have a large cock? The look that Jessica gave me led me to believe this right away. Why else would she have looked down at my crotch? I couldn't think of any other reason.

"Hey Rick, you better take care of that before you poke someone in the eye" my friend Steve said to me quietly. I looked down and noticed that my huge cock was tenting my bagging swim trunks and it was brutally obvious I had a hard on. I also noticed that Steve had a huge erection himself as he smiled at me trying to cover up with his beer bottle. "Yeah, let's get inside so we can cool down. There's too much beautiful pussy out here" I whispered to him. The two of us ran into the house carrying a bunch of empty beers as cover for our erections. We made it into the kitchen were Steve and myself began laughing. I used to roommate with Steve in college and remember him jerking off in the washroom a lot. We even had a threesome once with one of his girlfriends, but that's another story altogether.

"Steve, why don't you go relieve yourself in the washroom. We can't spend the rest of the day like this" I said. He nodded. "That Jessica really put me over the top" Steve said with grunt. "I could fuck her everyway imaginable, boy she has some huge tits!"

"I didn't notice" I said sarcastically. "Get the hell out of here, so I go in there after you are done"

"Ok, but I won't be too long" Steve said as he walked down the hallway and into the washroom.

I stood in the kitchen for a few minutes trying to get my cock to deflate but it was absolutely no use. So to take my mind off of things I started making some spiked punch with rum for our guests. I hardly even noticed when Jessica walked into the kitchen several minutes later. She closed the sliding glass door shut behind her and walked over to me.

"Hi Rick. I'm such a naughty girl. I almost forgot about the present I brought for you and Veronica." She walked gracefully over to me as her huge breasts jiggling erotically to the delight of my eyes. Her nipples poked out even more than before as the air conditioned house must have caused her tits to shrink. It was a fantastic sight and my cock grew rock hard once again. 

"What are you making, some punch" she asked as she stood behind me.

I tried not to turn around or else I would have exposed my massive erection. So I did a half turn in her direction. "Hi Jessica, yes I'm making some punch for the group."

"Oh I love citrus drinks. I'm a big fan of passion fruit. It takes very sweet and always leaves you hungry for more." The gorgeous lady smiled at me and glanced down at my waist area once again. "I eat a lot of fruit, especially bananas. I eat one every morning and sometimes as a midnight snack." My cock was throbbing madly by this point as I simply wanted to cum all over her gigantic tits.

I tried to keep the conversation normal. "Veronica and I enjoy eating a lot of fruit, especially during the summer months when it's fresh."

"Hey, let me get my present Rick. It's a bottle of rum, maybe you want to put some in the punch?"

"Sure that would be great Jessica."

She exited the kitchen and came back in a minute with a huge bottle of rum. She unscrewed the top and handed it to me. "Here, don't use it all up. We'll need some for later tonight."

"No worries" I said as I poured several ounces into the punch bowl. I finished mixing it and handed her a glass to taste test. The whole time trying not to turn away from the kitchen counter to expose my tenting swim trunks.

"Thanks Rick. Uummmm, this tastes great I really love..." that's when the punch glass slipped out of her hand and spilled all over her chest and down the front of her swimsuit. "Oh darn it, this is my favorite swimsuit" she said with exasperation.

I moved quickly to get a fresh cloth and soaked it with warm water from the tap. Without thinking I began to rub the cloth on the bare skin above her breasts. I had totally forgotten about my hard on and was now giving her a full visual of my arousal. She must have pretended not to notice as she grabbed the cloth from me.

"Here Rick, I need to get this under my swimsuit before it stains." She quickly unhooked the straps of her suit from her shoulders and proceeded to wash her huge tits with the cloth. She kept her nipples covered with her swimsuit, but over 80% of her breasts were completely exposed to me. I thought I would cum right in my shorts that very second as she washed those huge tits. The afternoon sun peeked through the window giving me the best view possible.

"Here, that should do it. Thanks Rick, you such a nice guy. She leaned over and kissed me on the cheek and quickly put the straps of her swimsuit back up. She grabbed what remained of her punch glass and walked out into the backyard once again.

My cock was ready to explode and I looked down the hallway to see if Steve was out yet. My wife walked into the kitchen just then.

"Hi honey. Jessica said you were making some punch for the party?" She stopped short when she noticed my huge erection. "Now Rick, why do you have a hard on? We're supposed to be entertaining our guests and I don't have time for this right now!" She walked over to the tap and poured a glass of cold water and then poured it down my shorts. This immediately shrank my erection to nothing. That's when Veronica kissed me on the cheek and said. "I'll let you fuck me in the ass later tonight honey! But put that monster away for now."

"Ok your next buddy...." Steve said, stopping short as he walked around the corner. "Err, yeah, next to run into the pool man..." Steve ran out the house and dived into the pool obviously having been relieved. My wife and I followed him and dove into the water also.

The rest of the afternoon went by quickly and I never had a chance to jerk off or get it on with my wife. By midnight nearly everyone had gone home and only Mike, Debbie and Jessica were left. Mike and Debbie lived a few doors down from us so they just walked home late. That's when my wife told me that Jessica was staying the night at the house.

"She lives about two hours away and told her that she could stay over tonight in the extra bedroom. Is that ok with you honey?"

"Sure, were all pretty tired I told her it's been a long day."

Jessica came into the room and smiled at us. "Is it ok for me to stay over guys?"

"Sure its no trouble Jess, Rick said it wasn't a problem so everything is great."

"Ok, the only thing is that I didn't bring any sleeping clothes. Can I borrow something from you Rona?"

"Sure I'm not sure what I have that will fit you and you're taller than me, but lets have a look."

The two women went off into the bedroom and I sat in the living room on the couch. My eyes got droopy from all the days activities and suddenly fell asleep.

I awoke sometime later in the darkness wearing only my swim trunks. I looked at the clock on the DVD player and it was 3am. Getting up I didn't know why my wife hadn't awaken me for bed. It was freaking boiling in the house and concluded that our crappy air conditioner must have broken down again. It had been acting up for over a month now. I rambled into the kitchen and open the fridge to get a bottle of water. The light from the fridge lit up the room. I gulped back several mouthfuls of water until I was startled by a hand touching my back.

"Whoa, who honey you startled me!?"

"Hi Rick, its Jessica I was just getting up to get a drink myself"

I turned around and my jaw nearly dropped to the floor. Jessica was standing in front of me wearing a long white floor length nighty. The material was semi transparent and I could easily make out her breasts, nipples and the dark mound between her legs. She wasn't wearing any panties so I got a great view of her pussy. My cock immediately began to harden at the sight and I instinctively backed away a foot or two.

"Oh, hi Jessica, are you sleeping ok?"

"Yes I am, but there is something missing. I guess it's different when you sleep in someone else's bed." She leaned over to look into the fridge for something to drink. I just stood their admiring her gorgeous body as the fridge light gave me full view of her large areola. They were the biggest I'd ever seen at over 4 inches wide. Her nipples were a thick and over half an inch erect. Her sleepwear seemed to melt away as the light revealed everything to me.

I looked down and noticed that my cock was nearly poking a hole through my swim trunks again. I thought of fucking this woman, but I didn't want to cheat on Veronica especially with her just down the hall. I was afraid of getting caught.

"Umm, Rick there is no more bottled water left can I have some of yours sweety?" She turned around to face me and looked down at my tenting cock. I didn't even bother to try covering it up. I just let her look at it long and hard for a few seconds.

"Sure, there's half a bottle left here" I said nervously as I passed her the bottle of water.

Jessica whimpered slightly and moved closer to me. "Thanks. It's really hot eh? On nights like this I usually sleep naked. Its feels so much better don't you think?"

"Yes for sure. Veronica and I usually sleep in the nude." I said this as I starred at her beautiful face and gorgeous breasts.

"Mmmm that would be so nice right now."

My mind was racing and didn't even know what I was saying when I blurted it out. "You can take off your nighty if you're too hot in it. There's no sense in being uncomfortable just because you're staying over here?"

She smiled at me. "Mmmm, did you mean get naked here Rick? That's kind of naughty don't you think?"

"Ummm, sorry I meant in your bedroom. You can get naked in there if it makes you feel better?"

Jessica began to undo one of the laces that held her nighty in place. She undid one and than a second revealing half of her huge tits. My cock jumped several times and she saw it move in trunks.

"I think you're right. Maybe I should get naked and I'll feel better. But I'd feel better knowing that I wasn't the only one in the house going naked in this heat wave. Veronica is sleeping and I don't want to upset her by walking around in the nude." She licked her lips as her eyes roamed my chest and abdomen.

"No she wouldn't mind, least not if I tell her we were too hot due to the air conditioner breaking down. I'd like to take off my shorts too. It's really fucking hot!"

She laughed and smiled. "Ok let's be naughty and strip in front of each other. This way we won't feel so timid about it."

"Ok, I'll tell Veronica to get naked when I go to the bedroom."

Jessica began to undo the two remaining straps of her long nighty. She undid them slowly for me, as I pretended not to watch her. Soon the front of the gown was totally exposed down to her belly button. I could make out half of her areola as she held up some of the material. She wiggled out of the nighty till her upper torso was totally exposed. She held onto the bottom half and looked at me.

"Hey, you have get undressed too Rick" said with an erotic voice.

I grabbed my trunks and pulled them down slowly. My cock slowly popped out of the fabric and a trail of precum streamed forth. My huge cock was so swollen and hard I was aching. Jessica gasped as she saw my 11 inch cock for the first time. The base of it is as thick as a coke can and the head is larger than most men's. I dropped the swim trunks to the ground and kicked them away to the side.

"Oh my Rick, Veronica was right you have an amazing cock. It's so huge and sexy!" She quickly dropped away the rest of her nighty to reveal her dark trimmed pussy. She was so unbelievably hot that my cock pulsed up and down several times from the sight.

"Yeah, I guess she told you that about me. You are the most gorgeous woman that I have ever seen Jessica. , except my wife that is."

She laughed and her whole chest bounced from the mirth. Jessica walked right up beside me and ran her hand down my stomach. "Rick can I touch your cock? I really love men with big dicks and yours is the biggest I've ever seen."

"Oh god, yes Jessica you can touch my aching penis."

Her hand slid down and encircled my throbbing member. She began stroking it up and down slowly and soon moved her other hand in to help. She got down on her knees and worked my cock with her hand. The precum dribbled off the end and fell on her huge 46JJ tits. She smiled and smeared it all over her huge mounds with her left hand while she continued to jerk me off.

"Oh god Jessica, you've been turning me on all day. My cock can't take much more of this" I said loudly. 

"That's right baby, Jessica wants the hot cum all over her big tits. Shoot your big loud all over me Rick!"

My wife's friend continued to stroking my huge cock with both hands. I got close to the point of no return when I stopped myself.

"I'm going to fuck you first. I want to fuck Jessica and watch tits smash together as I fuck your hot cunt!"

I pulled her up onto her feet and walked her over to the kitchen table. She leaned over it and pillowed herself on her massive tits. Her big beautiful round ass stuck up in the air for me, so I grabbed my cock and thrust it into her hot warm cunt.

"Oh, god yes Rick. Fuck me with that massive cock of yours." She began moaning loudly as I fucked into her. Her moans increased and I knew that I had a screamer on my hands. With each thrust her moans got louder and louder until I was concerned that she would wake up my wife. 

I looked over at the doorway that led to the bedrooms and saw my wife standing there naked masturbating feverishly. Her huge chest was heaving as she rubbed her swollen clit. She must have been there for a while as there was a trickle of female cum running down her thighs. I later found out that my wife had lesbian sex earlier in the evening with Jessica while I was sleeping. Jessica had asked my wife if she could seduce me later than night and my wife had agreed to it. Supposedly they had talked about it several times before.

So there I was fucking Jessica while my wife masturbated in the doorway to the kitchen. 

"Yeah, fuck me while your wife watches Rick. Fuck my hot pussy and shoot your cum all over my face and tits."

I began pumping her faster and the pleasure of the moment was too much for me. Jessica moved her hips to my rhythm and screamed at the top of her lungs as we fucked. Veronica was also moaning loudly as she must have cum again watching me fuck her work friend. 

"Oh god Rick, I'm going to cum. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh yesssssssssssss!"

Soon Jessica climaxed all over my dick. Her cum soaked my dick and spurted out her pussy. She came so much that the white goo dripped down our thighs and onto the floor.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" she yelled at the top of her lungs as she immediately came and second time in a matter of 30 seconds. More of her female cum spurted out of her love hole and dripped onto the floor. I had never seen a women get soaked like this before.

I pumped her harder now. My cock had lasted longer than I could have ever though possible. I stroked the full length of my 11 inches into her now and completely filled her up. I was moaning loudly myself now and I was getting close to cuming.

"Oh god Jessica I'm going to cum soon."

"Yes, fuck me with that huge cock Rick!"

I pumped her faster and faster. The semen was boiling in my balls and I felt the eruption was about to happen. I quickly pulled out of Jessica's soaked cunt and pulled her to the floor. She knelt in front of me and began squeezing her massive tits together. My wife came over and knelt beside Jessica and together they teased me with their huge tits coaxing me to shoot cum all over them.

"Cum all over us baby" my wife said. "Yes, shoot that hot load onto our face and tits Rick" Jessica replied.

I grabbed my cock and stroked it with both hands. I soon felt cum coursing through my peehole. The first shot torpedoed out and splattered Jessica in the face and hair.

"Yes, oh god yes" she yelled as noticed both women were rubbing their clits and cuming with me.

The second shot was a thick rope of cum that sprayed Jessica's huge tits. There must have been three tablespoons of hot semen splattered on her chest.

The third and forth cumshots were sprayed all over the two women below me. Veronica got soaked all over and her face had drips of warm cum. Jessica got sprayed in the face again and licked her lips trying to eat it up.

I sprayed them three more times until I had unloaded all the semen Jessica had teased out of me all day long.

The women were covered in cum and I sank to the floor finally satisfied. Jessica and Veronica rubbed each other chests and smeared cum between themselves as they kissed each other.

We went to sleep the three of us together and awoke to hot threesome in the morning.