 After almost a year together, Marge and I made a decision to sell out everything and move to Florida. I sold my business quickly to a friendly competitor. It had always been a money maker for me. After the sale I found myself to be a multi millionaire. Marge's house had already been sold and now, my house sold quickly...it was a seller's market. Through a contact I had in Florida, we managed to get hold of a nice place in the south central part of the state, a house in a secluded area on a large tract of land, complete with a screened-in patio and pool.

We spent almost a month in a motel while we furnished and stocked our new home, made arrangements for pool cleaning and a housekeeper to come in once a week before we moved in. During that time, at Marge's suggestion, we abstained from sex, saving ourselves to inaugurate our move into our new 'fuck' nest. It was really very difficult for the both of us but was something to look forward to. We would spend our first days fucking in every room and in the pool to initiate the house.

The morning we left the motel for the last time and into the house, we wasted no time getting naked. I had an almost painful, raging hard-on and when Marge's conical tits came into view, those glorious, puffy nipples were taut. The anticipation was great.
 She fell onto our new bed, legs spread and knees bent, one hand on her pussy. "Come on, lover man, I need to be fucked, god but I need it bad."

I wasted no time and was between her thighs quickly my cock at the entrance of her cunt. As I leaned forward to grasp those beautiful tits, she guided my prick into her eager tunnel and I plunged full depth. She was already breathing hard as she wrapped her legs around me and began her fuck dance. "Oh god, Pete, fuck me hard, I'm ready to cum...make me cum, I need to cum, make me cum."

I needed the release just as much, I had developed an awful case of 'blue balls' over the past month. We fucked furiously for about five minutes till I felt my release building up. "I'm gonna come, sweetheart. I can't hold off any longer, I'm gonna cum."

"Yes, love, cum in me now, fill my cunt with your sweet juice. Oh yes baby, oh yes, OH GOD, I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING."

As she screamed out in her ecstasy of the moment, I came, pumping gob after gob of my jism into her.

We strained against each other as shot after shot of my juice spurted against the mouth of her womb.

My feeling of release was so great, it was almost like the first time I had ever fucked. To my surprise, my cock didn't shrink but remained just as hard and stiff as when I had first entered her. "God," I thought to myself, "I'm priapic, I've got a perpetual hard-on."

When Marge released me from her grip, I rolled onto my back, my cock pointing at the ceiling. "My god, love," she cried out. "Didn't you cum? I thought I felt you cum." She reached between her legs and scooped up some of our combined juices that were seeping out of her pussy. After she tasted it she exclaimed, "You did cum, you did and you've still got a hard-on!" She grasped my cock and slowly massaged it. When she touched the bulbous purple head, I winced, it was so sensitive that it was painful.

"This is too good to waste," she murmured, and, rolling over, she mounted my hips and once more guided my prick into her cunt. She settled down on me with a contented sigh and slowly began moving back and forth, rubbing her clit against my pubic bone.

After several minutes she leaned forward, her hands on my chest, her glorious tits above me. "Pinch my nips, Pete, help me cum again." I needed no encouragement and reaching up, cupped her tits, her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers. I pinched them gently, rolling them back and forth. Her eyes closed in rapture as she continued rubbing her clit on me. "Oh god, love, it feels so good, so damned good," she whispered hoarsely. She cupped her hands over mine, forcing me to squeeze her breasts.

Marge had two brief orgasms, only moments apart. All this time I remained motionless, letting her satisfy herself. As her breathing became more and more forced, I knew she was building towards a tremendous orgasm. Her movements became more rapid and I felt the first convulsions of her cunt on my cock. "Fuck me, Pete, fuck me hard, I'm gonna cum, FUCK ME!". She was shouting at me now as she raced towards her orgasm. "PINCH MY NIPS! PINCH THEM HARD! HARDER, HARDER!" I began thrusting upwards to meet her own motions, driving my prick into her as deep and as hard as I could. 

"OH GOD, OH GOD, I'M CUMMING, OH GOD! DON'T STOP! DON'T STOP! AAAAAAAUUUUUUUHHH! She crashed herself down onto me, driving herself down onto my prick. As her body tensed, she leaned away from me, keeping me deeply imbedded in her cunt. I could feel her cunt honey gushing down over my groin and thighs.

Now I began to feel the need to cum but I was prevented from thrusting as she continued to press down on me. Nevertheless, the violent contractions of her cunt muscles were beginning to have an effect and I felt my own orgasm swiftly building. Suddenly, with no movement on my part, I came, my jism erupting into her. I gripped her hips in both hands, trying to pull her more tightly against me as my cum spurted and spurted into her. If anything, this second explosion was more intense than my earlier orgasm. After the last contraction of my balls, I felt completely drained and my prick, this time, shrank rapidly and slipped out of her pussy. 

For several minutes after my cum, Marge continued with her orgasm. She was panting for breath as the final waves of pleasure flowed through her body. Then, slowly, those waves subsided and she fell forwards onto me, completely exhausted. 

"Oh god, Pete," she whispered in my ear. "That was so good, so damned good. We are so good together, you take me right to heaven every time we fuck."

"You know something, sweetheart," I replied, I think we've properly christened this bed, but, I think we're going to have to get a new bedspread. This one is soaked and I'm laying in it."