 I have always been fond of Susan, my wife, Maxine's best friend. 

I even nicknamed her, "Wife number 2"

Max and Susan have known each other since they were little girls. Susan and her mum lived above Maxine and her family in a small block of flats. 

I was taken with Susan from the first time I met her. She is a sweet woman, with a great sense of humour and a winning smile. When my wife first introduced us, Susan lived with her fiancè Keith and they had two small children. About two years after they married, Keith dumped Susan for a younger woman. His reason for leaving her: she had put on too much weight and wasn't as sporty as he was. 

"What a dick," I thought.

Susan wasn't a large woman, when I first met her but she did "fill out" over the years and she developed a rather large rear end. Some "junk in the trunk", if you know what I mean.

I remember once, after a birthday party at our house, Susan stayed over. She slept in the spare room and in the morning, wandered into our lounge wearing nothing but a white t shirt and black cotton panties. My cock twitched its approval. After breakfast, she decided to take a shower and as she ascended the stairs, I noticed her panties had ridden up into her ass crack, affording me a lovely view of her glorious buttocks. My cock twitched a second time, when I saw her hook a finger into her panties and pull them out of her crack.

I have to state here that I love my wife with every fibre of my being and would never knowingly do anything to hurt her at all, but there have been times, since then, when I have masturbated, fantasizing what I could do with those lovely, large, round arse cheeks.

A few weeks ago, Susan drove up, from where she lived, to see her mum and stayed with her for a few days. My wife arranged for her to have dinner with us and stay over for one night. As we ate, Susan went through her normal routine of telling Maxine about what a dick her ex had been with her kids and how having two kids was killing her sex life. Now don't get me wrong, Susan did a great job at bringing up those kids single handed and I could understand that any man that took Susan had to be prepared to have an instant family. Most men would probably take to the hills at the prospect. 

She'd had a relationship with one guy who had his own kids and the situation seemed ideal and for a couple of years life was sweet. In fact Susan would delight in embarrassing me with slightly intimate tales about their sexual antics, which included candlelit bath nights and warm oil massages. I say embarrassing me. That is a little inaccurate. I was more envious than anything, as Max and I weren't having nearly enough sex as I would have liked and when we did, it never included candlelit baths and warm oil massages. Unfortunately for Susan, her relationship spectacularly nose dived when she found out that her boyfriend had been seeing other women behind her back, via an online dating app and he had developed also a dependency on alcohol.

After we had eaten, all three of us retired to the couch, with a bottle of red wine and a DVD. After movie ended, I went to our bedroom and changed into a pair of pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt. I wasn't ready for going to bed just yet. I just wanted to change into something a little more comfortable. As I returned from to the lounge, Max and Susan were talking in low whispers as if they didn't want me to hear what they were talking about. I didn't think anything suspicious as I rarely listened their conversations anyway.

As I walked into the lounge, Max looked up and said, "I thought you were going to bed."

"No," replied. "Just slipping into something a little more comfortable." 

I sat on the couch and grabbed the remote and started channel hopping, whilst they continued their hushed conversation.

About ten minutes into a program I was watching, both ladies stood up and began to walk out of the lounge.

"Off to bed?" I called out.

"Yes," replied Max. "Are you staying up some more?"

"Yes," I replied. "I think I'll watch this to the end and then come up."

As I watched an old re run of Starsky and Hutch, I could hear water being run into a sink and the toilet being flushed. I heard Max laugh as the two ladies seemed to be having a nice time getting ready for bed.

They both called out "goodnight" in unison and I reciprocated. Doors were closed and all reigned quiet once more.

After watching one episode of the old 70's cop show, I saw that there was to be another. So I decided to watch that too. As the opening credits rolled up the screen and Starsky and Hutch raced around town in the tomato red Gran Torino, the lounge door opened and Susan walked in, dressed in a black tank top and white cotton panties. My cock twitched in approval.

"Can't sleep?" I asked.

Susan nodded.

"Do you mind if I join you?" she asked.

"Be my guest."

She walked over the couch, leaving the lounge door slightly ajar. Just before she sat down, she stood with her back to me. The material of her panties was pulled taut over the wide fleshy cheeks of her ass and there was a little indentation, where it was drawn up into her vulva. 

I felt my cock begin to stir. 

As she sat on the couch, she wrapped her arms around herself and shuddered.

"Cold?" I asked.

She nodded.

There was woolen blanket rolled up at the end of the couch, so I unrolled it and spread it over both of us.

"Do you mind if I snuggle in to get warm?" she asked.

"No, not at all," I replied. "Snuggle away."

I felt her warm breath as she nestled into my neck. Under the blanket, she entwined her left arm around my right. I knew it was wrong, but it felt very right.

As we watched the program, her hand began to explore my thigh. She ran it along the top of my leg and then up the inside of my thigh. My cock began to grow and I started to feel very warm. I kept watching the screen as I felt her hand move over the front of my pyjamas. Her hand stopped when she reached my hardening penis. She gently squeezed it, through the clothing and it seemed to me she was trying to gauge my cock size.

She gasped, promptly removed her hand and sat up.

Looking me straight in the eye, she said, "That has to be the largest penis I have ever touched. Can I see it?"

"Er...be my guest," I replied. I though why not. Max was a heavy sleeper and passed out on a dime most nights. She wouldn't able to hear what was going on.

Susan pulled the blanket away from my lower body and saw the tent my hard cock had now created in my pyjamas. She hooked her index fingers over the waistband and yanked them down to my knees. She reached out and wrapped her hand around the thick shaft of my erection and began to slowly massage it. Having another hand wank you off is always better than doing it yourself, wouldn't you agree? She noticed my clear pre cum appear at the tip of my cock and she leaned over. Susan opened her mouth and sucked in the head of my cock between her lips. I was in heaven as I felt her tongue flick long the underside of my shaft. She slid her mouth along my hard shaft as far as she could go and then pulled it out again, gagging for air. Her other hand massaged my scrotum and she took each of my testicles into her mouth and gently sucked on them.

My cock was ready to burst and I desperately needed to be inside her.

She stood up, stripped off her tanktop and knelt on the couch, straddling me. She thrust her gorgeous tits in my face and rubbed her gusset covered pussy along my rock hard phallus. Her breasts were large, about a D cup, with large, light brown areolae and small berry like nipples in the center. I racked my teeth over each of her nipples and then sucked and chewed each one. I poked the tip of my tongue into each nipple forcing it back into the breast and sucked it out again.

I reached behind her and grabbed handfulls of that delicious backside. I ran the tips of my fingers along the crack of her ass, stopping briefly to rub cotton against her arsehole, before I reached her vulva. I poked my finger and cotton into her butthole and she moaned into my mouth, as I kissed her. 

When I reached her gusset, it was soaking wet. I pulled her panties to one side and aimed the head of my erection at her liquid center. She felt my penis butt against her damp opening and she sat back, swallowing my cock in one movement. She moved slowly up and down, riding my cock and enjoying the sensation of having me inside her. 

"God, I've never felt this full," she panted. "It's been so long since I had a man inside me."

She shuddered and said, "You are so deep inside me. Do you have any idea what you are doing to me?"

I pushed into her a little more and felt the head of my cock push against something. Susan suddenly went rigid and then shook. She moaned aloud and I felt a warm wet sensation and realised that she was coming, flooding my lap with her sweet pussy juices.

"Fuck...fuck...fuck!" was all she could say as her orgasm crashed into her.

After a brief moment of recovery, Susan began pounding my lap, riding my cock as hard as she could. She did this four time and each time resulted in the same way: She came and washed my cock and balls with her pussy juices.

I needed to see this for myself and told her that I needed to eat her pussy.

She climbed off me and sat on the couch next to me.

I knelt between her legs, my cock was throbbing, painfully, but I needed to do this before I fucked her again.

I pulled her panties off and she parted her thighs.

I spent a moment taking in the details of her beautiful pussy. She was shaven except for a neatly trimmed triangle of pubic hair that pointed like an arrow to her clitoral hood. For a woman who had given birth to two children, her pussy was in lovely condition and tight, as I found when I slid two fingers into her later. Her slit was long and narrow with her labia protruding slightly from within. As she parted her legs more, I watched as her pussy lips opened like the petals of a flower. Her vagina glistened from her slippery orgasmic emissions. I leaned into her and ran my tongue over the delightful distended folds of her labial lips. I sucked each one into my mouth and nibbled gently on it. I slid my tongue up and down her soaking gash, lapping at the sweet juices that lay within. I ran my tongue down and over her perineum and onto her anus, which resembled a pink, puckered starfish, surrounded by a few stray, wispy, dark pubic hairs.

As I sucked on her clitoris, I slid the middle and ring finger of my right hand into her flooding pussy. Flicking my tongue over her hardened nub, I fast finger-fucked her pussy which resulted in Susan emitting a long moan and squirting pussy juice across the carpet.

"More," she panted. "Give me more of those!"

Each time I brought her to orgasm this way, she squirted, what seemed to be, gallons of pussy juice across the carpet.

"I need to you to fuck me that hard," she demanded and climbed off the couch and on to our juice soaked carpet, kneeling on all fours.

I knelt behind her and admired her beautiful big butt. I lined up my cock to her pussy and rammed it into her with everything I had. I gripped her waist and pounded her cunt with every stroke of my cock. 

She reached beneath her and stroked my scrotum. I was going to come and told her. She said she didn't want me to inside her pussy but I could come on her ass. I pulled out of her and stroked my cock. Thick streamers of hot creamy semen jetted from my cock as I ejaculated over her buttocks. I watched as it hit her between the crack of her butt and slid down towards her asshole and pussy. She reached behind her and massaged my come into her anus.

"If you can, slip your cock into my ass," she demanded.

My cock was still hard and although I hadn't finished coming, I pushed the head of my cock against her puckered starfish. I felt her sphincter gave way and my cock slid into her anus. She gripped my cock with her anal muscles and demanded I fuck her hard in the ass. I slammed my cock into her with as much energy as I could find while she continued to rub the remains of my semen into her clitoris.

"Cooooommming!" she exclaimed and squirted jets of pussy juices all over my balls and thighs. Her anal muscles clamped down on my cock forcing to relinquish the remainder of whatever was stored up in my scrotum. I painted the inside of her rectum with streamer after streamer of hot sticky semen as my orgasm washed over me.

The next morning, I awoke to find my wife had already woken up before me. I dressed and padded downstairs to find Max and Susan having a cosy chat over a cup of coffee. They looked at me and smiled and as I walked into the kitchen to get myself a cup, they burst into laughter.

"You sounded like you had a good time last night," Max called out to me.

My heart thudded so hard in my chest that I thought I was going to have a coronary.

"Er...what did you say?" I asked, nervously as I returned to the lounge.

The two women looked at each other and smiled.

"I said, it sounded as though you two had a good time watching TV last night," Max repeated.

I shot a desperate glance at Susan, who just looked away.

"I...er...yes...it was a Starsky and Hutch marathon, I think." 

I was blabbering, trying hard to think what to say next.

"Oh, I wasn't talking about the TV," said Max. "I was talking about you fucking Susan in the ass. Do you know how hard it is getting pussy juice stains out of the carpet, not to mention the couch."

There was an uneasy silence before both women collapsed in a fit of giggles in front of me.

"You knew?" I asked, clueless.

Max regained her composure.

"Relax, super lover," she said. "I set it up."

I sat, mouth wide open.

"While you were getting into your PJ's, Susan told me how hard it was getting any man to go out with her, let alone sleep with her. I told her that she could seduce you if she liked."

"I wasn't sure if she meant it," said Susan. "But Max gave me her blessing and I have always liked you."

"I was outside the door, watching you," continued Max. "You took so bloody long to get going, but when you did, I was soaking my panties just watching. I think I must have come a dozen times over. What I want to know is, why don't you ever fuck me like that?"

A million and one thoughts were racing across my mind.

"Er...because I didn't think you liked anal sex," I replied.

"Well we can try if you like," replied Max.

After that day, whenever Susan came to visit, she would stay with us and we would engage in a threesome. One time I actually managed to persuade the girls to fuck each other while I watched. Susan would sometimes watch Max and I fuck and sometimes Max would watch Susan and I.

And then there was the time I fucked Susan's mum...but that's another story...