 When the first part of my story ended my wife's friend had my cock in her hand for the first time. After she first squeezed it hard I thought I was going to explode but somehow held back. Now she was slowly stroking it as I continued to play with her huge tits. 

As she stroked my cock she looked at me and kept smiling as she was earlier and I asked her if she had been thinking about this all the other times she just smiled at me and she said no I honestly never thought anything like this would happen but you've flirted with me so much for so long and now you've got my tits in your hands and I can't help myself. 

I had to laugh. I told her that I had been thinking about something like this for a long time and today when she let me play with her tits I couldn't think of any other way to move things along. She smiled again and said she was glad I did because she didn't think she would have had the courage to pull out my cock. I told her that I was glad I pushed things along then!

She was still slowly stroking my cock so I took another step and reached down for the bottom of her shirt with both hands and started pulling it up. She let me cock go and stopped me. She said what if your wife comes home and I laughed and said she is shopping with her mom and she will not be back for hours, I didn't tell you that when you got here because I didn't want you to leave. She kept her hands at her side holding the shirt down for a minute and said I should be really mad at you. All this time I've been worried she was going to pull in and we might get caught. I laughed and said well now that you know we don't have to worry about getting caught do you feel a little more relaxed and again she laughed. 

I started pulling her shirt up again and after a few seconds she started lifting her arms. I thought she would just give me enough room to pull it above her tits but as I kept pulling up her arms went right up over her head and I pulled her shirt completely off. Next I reached behind her and started unhooking her bra. She leaned forward and gave me room and soon it was on the floor next to her shirt and those incredibly huge tits were out in the open for me. I wasted no time and buried my face in them. 

With her tits now out and my mouth sucking one of her nipples like I was trying to feed from it she reached back down to my cock and started stroking it again. I decided I should push my luck a little more and slid my hand down between her thighs and rubbed up and down stopping just below her pussy. I expected her to push me away but she didn't. Instead she parted her thighs just enough for me to make full contact with her pussy at the top of each rub up her inner thigh and found that she was as hot as an oven. 

I decided it was time to try for more. The next time I slid my had up I went right over her pussy and up to the button of her jeans. I looked her in the eye as I started working on the button and she smiled and simply said it's okay, go ahead. I had her jeans unbuttoned, unzipped and slid from the couch down in front of her on my knees and started pulling them down. I was surprised again because I thought she wasn't wearing anything under them until I got to the waistband of her panties. I grabbed it with my fingertips and kept pulling and she lifted her hips off the couch and down they came. I pulled them completely off and looked up at her totally naked in front of me. 

She looked down and I saw a bit of discomfort on her face. I asked what was wrong and she said she was a little worried about being naked and that she was a little shy about her body. I looked at her, stood up pulled my shirt over my head and pulled my pants and boxers off then asked if she felt any better and again she smiled and nodded. 

She started to move but I leaned down, grabbed her hair, pulled her head back and kissed her on the mouth. She hesitated at first then returned my kiss deeply. After a long kiss I pulled away and dropped back to my knees which surprised her. She looked at me as I roughly pulled her legs apart and began kissing my way up from her knee to her pussy. Once my mouth was on her pussy I began the tongue lashing of the year and greedily ate her pussy for what felt like an hour. She had a hand on the back of my head pulling me deeper into her just like when I first sucked her tits and she spread her pussy lips for me with the fingers of her other hand. As she began to thrust her hips more and more I knew she was going to orgasm. I kept up the licking and she started moaning and her breathing had greatly changed. 

A few minutes later I felt a lot more juice on my face and she was starting to slow her hips down while releasing the grip she had on my head. I continued to slowly lick her pussy until she reached down and easily pulled my head up. I looked at her and she had her eyes closed and her mouth was slightly open. I slid up her body kissing it along the way until I got to her mouth and we again kissed deeply for a while. Suddenly she put both hands on my chest, pushed me over on the couch and said your turn as she stood up.

Again, more to come!