 My cock was rock hard as Tamara worked her mouth up and down my shaft. My god I wanted to cum it felt so good. I reached for her pussy and found a hole in the crotch of her yoga pants. 2 fingers quickly found her pussy as she moaned on my cock. She was soaking wet. My fingers were furiously fucking her pussy as she continued to suck my cock. I held her head with my other hand as I thrusted my cock deep into her throat. Her moans grew louder as her warm orgasm coated my fingers. 

"I'm cummimg, Oh God, I'm cumming," as she stroked my cock. 

I pulled my fingers from her dripping hole to taste her. Her taste was amazing. I had to have more so I grabbed her legs and pulled her on top of me. I ripped the crotch of her yoga pants more so I could have access to her dripping pussy and ass.

Her taste was even more amazing as my tongue searched for her clit. Her mouth was working furiously on my cock when she suddenly stopped. "I cant take it. Your tongue feels so good. OH GOD. I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" She was grinding her pussy on my face as her second very wet orgasm coated my face. 

"Please, please, please I need your big cock now," as she stroked it with both hands. She pulled her pussy from my face and positioned herself over my cock. She grabbed my cock and rubbed it against her dripping pussy. She slowly lowered herself onto my cock and stopped when just the giant mushroom head had entered her. We both let out deep long moans. She continued to lower her voluptuous body down my cock until her ass was resting on my thighs. She started to ride my cock slowly at first as she grabbed my hands and placed them on her huge tits. The intensity of her fucking me grew quickly as I squeezed her tits. Milk started to flow as she leaned forward to allow me to suck on her dripping nipples. 

"Oh god. Your cock is so big. Oh god. I'm going to cum. God my pussy has never felt so full." She straightened up as her orgasm hit. 

"OH FUCK, OH FUCK. OH GOD I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING ON ALL OVER YOUR MAGNIFICENT COCK!!"

She laid on my chest for a few minutes as she nuzzled my neck. My hands were rubbing her back as I reached down to squeeze her beautiful ass. She got up off of me and and quickly swallowed my cock. After a few good licks and sucks she walked over to the desk and laid forward on it. She spread her ass and looked over her shoulder. "What are you waiting for? I'm not finished with that cock just yet." 

I walked over to the desk right behind her and rubbed my cock up and down her pussy and puckered asshole. She started to moan and begged me to fuck her. "Please, please stick that big cock in me now." I pushed my cock into her dripping pussy until I was buried deep. "OH GOD, POUND MY PUSSY. FUCK ME, FUCK ME HARD. YOUR COCK IS MAGNIFICENT!!" I grabbed her hips and began fucking her like a madman, deeper and deeper with each stroke. Her moans and gasps were non stop as I to pound her pussy like a machine. "OH GOD, OH GODDDD. I'M GOING TO CUM AGAIN, PLEASE DON'T STOP. HARDER, HARDER." I knew she was close to cumming as her pussy started to tighten around my cock. I knew exactly how to send her over the edge. I licked my thumb and inserted it into her puckered ass. "YES, YES, YES I'M CUMMING. CUMMMMMING, CUM INSIDE ME. OH GOD YES!" A few more strokes and I put myself over the edge. I moaned like an animal, "FUCK, FUCK HERE IT CUMS. OH FUCK!" as I shot my load into her throbbing pussy. I collapsed on top of her and we were both Just trying to catch our breath. 

"Sarah said you were amazing but I have never been fucked like that before. I want some more of that cock. Oh don't leave me." As my cock started shrink and retreat from her pussy.

"I have thought about fucking your amazing body for years." I went to sit on the futon as she turned and walked towards me. 

"Ready for round 2."