 Stepping up to the front porch I stomped the snow off my boots glancing back at the ice covered roads lucky I made it home from work without an accident. Walking into the house my hands instantly began to thaw I notice the smell of something baking. 

Yelling out, "honey where you at?"

I'm greeted with a cheerful, "In the kitchen making cookies, warm up then come get a taste." 

It wasn't like my wife to cook often, but fresh cookies on a cold night sure seemed like heaven. I figured the snowy weather this close to Christmas had gotten her in the holiday spirit. 

Pulling my gloves and jacket off I rubbed my hands together over the fireplace. It didn't take long to warm up, it would have actually been hot if I hadn't just came from the freezing weather outside. Preparing to voice my complaint about the waste of electricity I stepped into the kitchen. My jaw dropped as soon as I entered, and the warm house suddenly felt hot. She stood taking cookies off a pan and putting them on a cooling rack setting on the cabinet. I just stared as I looked up her at the black high heels up to the black miniskirt that barely covered her beautiful shaped ass and the thin white blouse that showed off her obviously uncovered tits pushing her erect nipples against the thin fabric.

Her brunette hair hung down her back and swayed as she looked over at me smiling, "are you going to come give me a kiss, and try a cookie, or just stand there with that goofy look on your face?" 

Smiling I walked over behind her wrapping my arms around her midsection she turned her head towards me, and I pushed my lips into hers already feeling a different hunger. I teased my tongue slightly in her mouth tasting sugar from taste testing her cookies I reluctantly broke the kiss. 

She smiled as she picked up a cookie and pushed it in my mouth, "what do you think?" she asked. 

"Very good," I replied, "I especially like your chef outfit." 

Stepping back I give her a look up and down. She spins around and slightly bends over the counter giving me a peek of the white see through panties she is wearing under the skirt. 

With a devious smile she looks back at me and asks, "Would you like another taste?" 

I replied, "of course you know I can never get enough sweets." 

She then bent over the counter pulling her skirt up. She had her legs close together framing her panty clad pussy and ass. Kneeling down behind her I licked up the back of her thighs slowly running my tongue over her panties. I could already feel my cock hardening from the excitement but I was determined to enjoy this as long as I could. Pushing her legs slightly apart I grasped the band on her panties and pulled them down allowing them the fall to her ankles. Gripping her ass I spread her cheeks ass I ran my tongue over her moist lips. Slowly a pressed my tongue in to her pussy as I rubbed her ass. She began moaning softly as I ran my tongue in and out of her pussy and over her lips. Then running my tongue up to her ass I teased her hole as I pressed my fingers into her pussy. She had begun moaning louder and was now pushing back against me. Sliding my hand between her legs I started slowly rubbing circles around her now swollen clit.

As my tongue continued to tease her asshole she started begging, "Fuck me baby, I need your dick now!" 

Standing up I unbuttoned my pants and push them down allowing my cock to spring out and slap her ass. I slowly rubbed the head of my dick across her lips before sliding the tip into her tight hole. Gently pushing forward I worked the whole thing in as I held her around the waist. She let out soft moans as I began pumping in and out of her now soaking wet pussy. 

I could feel her tightening around my cock, I started rubbing and teasing her asshole with my thumb just as I slid it in, she let out a gasp and moan, "mmm I'm going to cum!" Pushing my dick into her I immediately felt her clench tight and her juices flow over my cock. 

When her tremors started to subside I pulled out of her and turned her around unbuttoning her blouse I kissed and licked down her neck to her large tits. Teasing a nipple with one hand I began sucking and licking the other. Finally returning to her mouth I pressed my lips to hers and pressed my tongue into her mouth as I picked her up and sat her on the counter. She leaned back as I pushed my cock into her. She wrapped her legs around me as I began thrusting into her. Watching her tits bounce as I pushed in and out of her was getting me close to cumming. 

Noticing this she lifted one to her mouth and began licking her nipple and moaning, "I want you to spray your cum all over my tits." 

I felt my orgasm come as I pulled out of her pussy she slid down off the counter kneeling in front of me. She pushed her tits together just as my orgasm exploded and I started shooting my load all over them. She quickly wrapped her lips around my cock taking the last of it in her mouth before licking the rest off of her tits. Looking down at her I smiled hoping she starts cooking more often.