 So here I was on the road out of Vegas. Not feeling too bad about myself actually. The trade show had gone well and I managed to pick up a few new potential clients. Things were going well for me business-wise and I finally starting to feel confident and comfortable in my success.

Now normally, I'd be taking the 15 back home, but I happened to have a client out in Pahrump. It was a small client, but one of my first. They were having a tiny bit of a technical issue, and since it was just a little out of my way, I figured I'd take an extra day to swing by and straighten things out. Besides, I wanted to preserve my sterling reputation for customer service.

Pahrump Nevada is a little town about an hour outside of Las Vegas. Nothing much but some scattered houses and trailers. It did have a couple of small casinos along the main drag (such as it was), a hospital and a school, but nothing much else. To get there, you drive through some of the most barren, monotonous desert. Not another sole to be seen for miles. It put me in an almost trance, blanking my mind out until I reached the outskirts of town. It was late, about 11 at night. I pulled into the service station to fill up. Then my phone rang and my mood immediately turned bad. It was my wife.

I guess a man shouldn't get upset when his wife calls, but I couldn't help it. Dread balled up in the pit of my stomach. I thought for a second I should let it go to voice mail, but then she would just call back later. Reluctantly, I hit the button to pick up.

"Hello?" I said sheepishly

"Where are you?" came the shrill response. Like nails on a blackboard. I winced.

"Pahrump. I told you had a client to see."

"Yeah, yeah, you're always taking care of everyone but me. Why didn't you call me earlier? You said you'd call me when you got there."

"I just got here."

"WHAT?" she screeched, "Why are you getting there so late? What the fuck were you doing jackass?"

"I was having dinner with..."

"Oh sure, spend all that money on a fancy dinner in Vegas, while I'm here by myself!"

"But honey, it was with a new client. A big one!"

"Yeah, whatever, have they paid you anything yet?"

"Well no, they just signed, but this was a very import..."

"I don't fucking care, just bring home more money, you little shit."

What should I have expected? Congratulations? Support? Ha! Either that fat bitch was complaining I was spending too much time working, or she was demanding I make more money for her. Does that seem logical? Of course not. What's logic or reason got to do with it. All that mattered is that she make me feel worthless. She lived to crush my spirit.

"Look," I said, exacerbated, "I just want to get to the hotel and get some sleep, OK?"

"Whatever, fine."

"I'll call you later. Love y..." but she hung up before I finished.

I filled the tank and got back in my care, quietly fuming. Jesus, what a bitch I married. Nothing ever satisfied her. Fuck knows she never satisfied me. I thought back to last time I had sex with her. So fat and wrinkled, I could barely get it up when I looked at her. I flailed away at that dried up, smelly old cunt. She barely moved, just demanded, "are you done yet?!" I couldn't even finish. I had to wack-off in the shower later to relieve my prick, thinking about some porn I had watched. Pathetic.

Lost in my misery, I didn't pay attention to where I was going. When I finally did, I was down some small, dusty back road. Shit, where was the hotel?

I was about to fire up the GPS, when I saw a building up ahead. Low slung and painted in earth tones it was rather non-descript. A few cars were parked out front. I noticed a Budweiser sign in one of the windows.

"Great," I thought, figuring it was a bar "I could use a drink."

I parked out front and walked inside. Lost in self-pity, I didn't even look around and headed straight for the bar and ordered a beer. As I started to pound it back, out of the corner of my eye I saw someone sit down next to me.

"Hey darlin'," came a sweet southern drawl, "lookin' for some company?"

I turned a saw a young woman, blond and busty. She was wearing a red lace bustier that barely contained her jiggling breasts. My eyes wondered unconsciously down her bare midriff to her long legs and the stiletto heels she had on. Shocked out of my stupor, I looked around. All over the room, scantly clad women walked around, stopping to chat with the half-dozen or so guys sitting at the tables. I was in a brothel.

One thing I forgot to mention about Pahrump, is that it's main claim-to-fame is being the closest place to Las Vegas with legal prostitution. Even then, the whorehouses are off the beaten path. In all the years I had visited my client out here, I never went to one.

A bit flumoxoned, I stammered, "Oh, ah, I'm just getting a drink is all, uh, thank you."

She leaned in closer and put her hand on my thigh, "Names Peach, baby, like Georgia peach. Sure you don't want to party?" She licked he lips seductively and smiled.

"Ah, no. Thank you." I smiled back weakly, "Just, ah, getting a beer."

Peach moved on, but I watched her tight ass make figure eights as she walked away. Damn! I can't remember the last time I had a piece like that. Well I had no intention of cheating on my wife, but looking around, may be I could soak in some material for my nightly jerk-off session.

A few more girls came by to entice me with their wares. A tall black one, two more blonds. All in lingerie and heels (the uniform of the whore, I guess). I turned them down, but as the alcohol hit my system, I started to relax and soak in the ambiance 

"Hello", I heard another voice, (though it sounded more like "Helro"). I turned to see the sexiest little Asian girl I had ever laid eyes on. Creamy, light mocha skin, deep brown eyes, long straight black hair hung down to her mid back. She wore a black push up bra that held beautiful firm D-cups. All the more impressive, given her petite frame. Below her flat stomach she wore black panties. I could see just a hint of soft black hair peaking out from the top. Candy red heels completed the minimal ensemble. 

I felt my cock spring to life, it what seemed like the first time in years. My heart started pounding and my breathing deepened. My eyes locked onto her heaving chest.

"You lookin' for good time mister?" She had the most adorable accent.

"Uh, maybe." I said without thinking. Was I really considering using the brothel's services? I wasn't sure.

"My name's Si Fah, what's yours?"

"Uh, Jeff." I couldn't take my eyes off her, a fact she seem quite aware of. "So, what kind of name is Si Fah?"

"It from Thailand, like me." She giggled. "I see you turn down other girls. You lookin' for something special?" 

"I'm not sure really. I just kind of wandered in here looking for a drink."

"Why you drinking?" Si Fah leaned in and put her hand on my thigh. My cock jumped. "Something bothering you?"

I took another swig of beer. "Oh, it's just...my wife...fighting..." My voice trialed off.

Si Fah nodded. "She white girl, your wife?"

"Uh huh. Yeah"

"White girls so stuck up. Don't know how to treat man. You need nice Asian girl. Asian girls know how to take care of our man. Know how to please him." With that, Si Fah squeezed my thigh and slid her hand up towards my straining prick. I took a deep breath. Suddenly I decided, I was going to fuck this girl. I needed this. I deserved this!

"How much?" I asked.

Si Fah smiled, "Five thousand for two hour." A little steep, but like I said, business was going good. I could afford it.

"Let's go." My voice caught a bit as I spoke. I thought of my wife, how I was breaking our vows. But rather than guilty, I felt angry and resolute. If she couldn't please me, then I'd find someone who could.

As Si Fah led me by the hand, we passed by Peach who winked at me and said, "Well, I guess you finally finished that beer."

We stopped at the office, where I handed my credit card to a matronly old woman. "Clock starts in 5 minutes hon, have a good time."

Further down the hall we entered a room. A king-size bed dominated the small room, surrounded by mirrors on the walls and ceiling. There was a small TV in one corner, and below that a stick of incense burned slowly.

I lay down on the bed and Si Fah straddled me. She began grinding her crotch against mine. I felt my errection grow even harder. I reached up and grabbed her ass. It felt firm and tight, not like my wife's saggy bottom. Her perfume was light and floral, I inhaled it deeply.

"So Jeff, you ever been with Asian girl before?"

"No."

"Oh, you gonna like. Asian pussy so much better." I squeezed her butt, pulling the sexy whore down harder on the bulge in my pants. "You never want white girl again."

"Show me." I said.

With that, Si Fah unclasped her bra. Her breasts spilled out. Firm, round with dark brown areolas. Instinctively, my hands shot up and grabbed them, massaged them. Si Fah moaned softly. "You want suckey first?" She asked.

I nodded. The little slut slid off me and unfastened my pants. Finally, mercifully, my cock was set free. At seven and a half inches, I was bigger that average, but not huge. Si Fah started cooing over it like I was Ron Jeremy though. With one tiny hand she began stroking the shaft, while the other hand massaged my balls. She began licking the head, swirling her tongue around it. Then she lowered he head onto it, her ruby red lips making an o shape as they slid up and down my shaft.

Grabbing her head and pushing if further down, I threw my head back and moaned. Gradually, she got the entire shaft down her throat. I could feel the gorgeous whore's tongue lapping at my balls. It took every ounce of control I had to keep from cumming right then-and-there. Then, Si Fah started bobbing her head up and down, making wet, sucking noises.

"Oh, god. So good, so good!" I cried. I couldn't remember the last time I had a blowjob like that good. As a matter of fact, that fat bitch of mine hadn't given me head in years. I considered blowing my load down Si Fah's throat, but I had other plans.

"Stop," I said, "I want to eat you out."

Si Fah pulled off my engorged cock and laid back. She swiftly removed her panties. Her pussy was shaved except for a small tuft of hair over her pubic bone. I crawled between her legs. I spread her lips and began lapping at her cunt. The taste was sweet and it felt so smooth. I thought about my wife's sour tasting vagina, and how it made me gag to taste it. This was so much better. I flicked my tongue against her clit, and the little whore began to moan.

"Oh, Jeff, so goooood!"

I couldn't wait any longer I had to have this girl. I moved up to suck on her tits, then we kissed, our tongues lashing at each other. I took my dick in one hand and placed it at the entrance to her pussy. Then, slowly, I pushed in.

"Ohhhhh, ohhhh!" Si Fah cried, "Jeff, so big."

She was so tight, so hot, so wet. Maybe it was all those years fucking my wife's dried up old cunt, but I didn't remember ever having pussy that felt so good. I began to pump my hips, pushing in further and further, inch-by-inch, until my balls slapped against Si Fah's ass. "Uggg, so tight!" I moaned.

"You like the Asian pussy?"

"I don't think I'll be able to go back to white girls after this." I laughed. Then I scooped up her legs and put them over my shoulders as I kneeled in the bed. With her hips tilted up now, I began to ram my cock into the little oriental slut full force. Her bug tits bounced and shook with every thrust.

"Oooooo, Mr. Jeff, fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

I leaned forward, keeping her legs over my shoulder, until her knees were pressed against he shoulders. I pushed into Si Fah's pussy as far as I could go. 

"Oh, god!" I moaned, "You're right. Asian pussy is so much better!"

"You need...find nice... Asian girl...take care...of you." Si Fah panted.

I stared at the sexy young woman writhing beneath me, and thought with disgust of all the time I had wasted fucking that fat bitch wife of mine. Suddenly, I had a wicked idea. I pulled out and flipped Si Fah onto all fours. Instinctively, it seemed, she arched her back and stuck her heart shaped ass in the air. Again, I put my cock at the entrance to her cunt and pushed in.

"Ohhhhh...Mr. Jeff! So deeeeeep!" She howled,

Reaching over to where my pants lay on the bed next to us, I pulled out my cell phone. "Now Si, baby, I'm gonna make a little call to my wife. Try and stay quiet, ok?"

Si Fah nodded, then grabbed a pillow and bit into it to silence her moaning. Good girl, I thought.

I dialed the old witch.

"Hello?" She answered

"Hey dear. Look, I think I'm going to have to stay here an extra day. Something's come up." I held the phone in once hand and with the other grabbed a clump of Si Fah's hair to use as rein. My cock shimmered with he pussy juice as it pumped in and out.

"What the fuck?" The fat bitch screeched. " You said you'd be home by Tuesday. The yard is a mess, I need you to mow the lawn and pull the weeds you lazy ass!"

My anger built, and as it did my thrusting became harder and deeper. "Look," I said forcefully, "I'm the one making the money to keep a roof over our heads! This is what I have to do!" I saw Si Fah push her head harder into the pillow to stifle her moans. 

Yeah, bitch. This is what I have to do to get the fucking I deserve. I'm going to get the kind of pussy you can't give me.

"Ok, ok. Jeez, you don't have to be mean about it."

I felt my balls start to swell and knew I wouldn't last much longer. Still, I felt no guilt now about cumming inside another woman. 

Fuck you bitch, you don't deserve me and what I do for you.

"Oh, I'm the mean one now? You know what, I'm going to bed now."

"OK," said my wife, taken aback by my new forcefulness, "call me back aft..." I hung up before she finished this time.

Tossing the cell aside, I grabbed Si Fah's hips and began pounding away with abandon. She lifted her head up and moaned.

"Ohhhhhh! Mr. Jeff...so goood...me cum hard!...you tell that white bitch!"

I felt my dick swell, and suddenly it jumped and there was a wave of pleasure and release as my seamen splattered inside Si Fah.

"Ugggggg...feels so good!" I yelled. "So goooood!"

My dick shrunk and flopped out of the whore's pussy. I lay on the bed, catching my breath after the most intense orgasm of my life. Turing my head towards Si Fah, I saw my cum dripping from her pussy lips.

She was right, I thought, I'm done with white girls.

And as I drove off in the early morning, one thought stuck in my head. I was going to find a nice Asian girl to take care of me.

To be continued...