 When I ended chapter 3 my wife's friend told me she was going to straddle me and asked if I would like that. All I could think about was her huge tits bouncing in my face. 

As I sat up and slid forward on the couch I watched with amazement as she swung her leg over me and slowly slid down so that my cock was resting right above her pussy and her tits were in my face. 

I looked up at her as she looked down at me and we both smiled. She asked if I liked having her tits in my face and I said yes and I love how good your hot wet pussy feels near my cock. She smiled even bigger and began rocking her hips slowly over my cock soaking it with her juices. 

She had one hand on the back of the couch and the other on the back of my head. She was pushing my face into her tits and was continuing to tease my cock by rubbing her pussy along the shaft. Suddenly she stopped rocking, let go of my head and sat up on her knees and looked at me. 

As we looked each other in the eye she reached down with one hand and cupped one of her huge tits and with the other reached down grabbed my cock, lined it up with her pussy and eased herself down on it. As she did we both let out an audible sigh. It was such a great feeling as she slowly slid down until she bottomed out and I was balls deep inside her. It felt incredible. 

With my cock deep inside her she reached out and grabbed my hands and started slowly rocking her hips back and forth again. Her pussy was so wet that I could feel her juices soaking me. I let her hands go and reached out and grabbed her hips. She reached out put her hand on my shoulders and I started encouraging her to move up and down instead of rocking. 

She immediately picked up on what I was doing and she leaned her face down to mine, kissed me and said you want to see them bounce don't you. All I could say was yes. Before I could even kiss her again she sat back up and started a slow up and down rhythm riding my cock. As this began her tits started to slowly bounce and swing around. It was such a great sight. 

As she was bouncing up and down my hands moved lower on her hips and around to the sides of her nice round ass. I had two hands full of ass and was guiding her up and down more quickly. As the pace quickened I watched her tits bounce and swing even more. I felt a smile come across my face as I watched them and I heard her say I knew you would like that. I looked up to see her looking at me and she smiled and quickened her pace. She was riding me so hard I thought we'd break the couch. As she kept it up I looked up and watched her close her eyes and roll her head back with her mouth open a little. 

I took my hands off her hips and moved them up to her tits. As soon as I had them in my hands she looked down at me again. I slowly moved my hands in and my fingers took hold of her nipples. As I did so she rolled her head back again. She had big swollen nipples and I pinched them hard between my fingers. I rolled them around and pulled them hard using them to lift her tits. As I did this she slowed her bounce but began a very short rough thrust and she fucked me hard.

I kept the pressure on her nipples and kept pulling her tits up as she fucked me. She suddenly looked down at me and told me she was going to cum. She fucked me harder and I thought I was going to cum but after a few more hard thrusts she slowed to a stop and looked at me. She had half a smile on her face and a look of great pleasure. I squeezed her nipples again and she closed her eyes. I let her nipples go and she looked at me and said are you ready to slap those balls against my ass and I said hell yes. 

She lifted herself off my cock and slowly began to stand. She suddenly dropped back to her knees straddling me. I looked at her and she smiled and said I shouldn't have tried to stand so fast and we both laughed. She slowly tried again and rose to her feet. She reached out to me and took my hand to pull me up. I stoop up inches away from her and she stepped to the side of me. I reached around her and put my hand on her ass and guided her toward the couch we just got off of. She stepped forward then kneeled down, bent forward and looked back at me. She simply said fuck me now. 

I stepped forward and grabbed her hips and then very quickly drew my right hand back and swung an open hand and spanked her ass so hard the sound even surprised me. She cringed a little and looked back at me. I said you like that don't you and she just nodded. I again grabbed both hips, lined my cock up and buried it balls deep in her pussy. She pushed back and met me with just as much force. I started pumping away and she was looking back at me over her shoulder. Just as quickly as I had the first time I slapped her ass again just as hard and she just said yes very quietly. 

I kept fucking her and spanking her so hard that I was beginning to leave a very visible handprint. I wasn't done fucking her so I certainly wasn't done spanking that hot round ass so I switched hands and went to work on the other cheek. I watched as her ass rippled with each slam forward with my cock and with each slap on that beautiful ass. I stopped spanking her long enough to go deep, lean forward and grab a handful of tit and I got her nipple and pulled it again. I asked if she was enjoying my balls slapping against her and she said yes I want you to keep doing it. 

We were fucking for what felt like an hour and she came again. Just then I felt it building inside me and my balls tightening. I told her I was going to cum. She asked if I could hold off for a few more minutes because she was going to cum again and was so close. I told her I would do my best. She was bucking and pushing back at me until she finally let out a squeal. She slowed her pushing and I slowed mine. I asked her where she wanted me to cum and she said in her mouth. 

I stepped back and she slid off the couch and down to her knees. She took my cock in her hand and pulled it straight into her mouth. She kept a hand around the base of my cock and bobbed her head up and down on my cock. I told her I was getting close and she slid my cock out of her mouth and said I want you to unload in my mouth. Just then I felt the greatest pressure any man feels. Before I could do anything I was able to only say now and it happened. 

I started to cum and she opened her mouth but before she could even get my cock back in I had shot three enormous ropes of cum covering her face. As she got my cock back in her mouth she started sucking me again and I continued firing off load after load. She was trying to swallow but just couldn't keep up. I was looking down at her cum covered face and watched as my cum started to dribble down her chin as it flowed from her mouth. I finally stopped shooting and she sucked my cock clean. I pulled it out of her mouth and looked down at the mess I had made. She looked up and opened her eyes. Somehow I hadn't shot on her eyes. I started to apologize and she stopped me. She started licking her lips and I told her to wait.

I stepped over to the end table and grabbed my phone. She looked at me and said what are you doing and I said I'm not missing a picture of you like this. She smiled for me as I took a couple of shots of her covered with my cum. Then she went back to licking the cum off her lips. I took a couple of shots of her doing that. Then she started to stand up. She stood next to me and I switched the camera and took a couple pix of her next to me with my cum still all over her face and tits. She looked at me and said are you going to help and I smiled and handed her my phone. I leaned down grabbed a tit now covered with cum and took her nipple in my mouth. She took a picture of that and she just said higher. I licked up her tit and had my own cum on my face and tongue. She kept taking pictures. I stopped, stood up and kissed her and she took all my cum and swallowed it. 

The best friend ever!