 As the second part of my story ended I had just eaten my wife's friends pussy and she had orgasmed and soaked my face with her juices. After kissing her I was about to move on but she stopped me, pushed me down on the couch and told me it was my turn.

Once I was on my back she leaned down over me with her huge tits laying on my chest and kissed me deeply. I couldn't help but think how much I wanted her to climb on top of me so I could watch her ride me and see those big tits bounce. She broke off the kiss and smiled at me for a moment and told me that I was going to enjoy this as much as she enjoyed my oral work. I just laughed and she slowly slid down my body dragging her tits down until she was on her knees on the floor and she pulled my lower body to the side a little so she could get between my legs.

Now that I was moved I was torn between looking down to watch what she was about to do or just closing my eyes and waiting for what I had thought so many times about. In the end my curiosity won out and I lifted my head just in time to see her looking up at me as she took my cock in her mouth. I swear if it is possible to have a mouth full of cock and smile at the same time, that's what she was doing. She had a hand wrapped tightly around the base of my cock and was circling the head of my cock with her tongue. I thought I was going to cum right then! 

I knew I couldn't keep watching so I laid my head back on the arm of the couch and closed my eyes while she really went to work sucking my cock. As she worked my cock with her mouth she used her hands to keep squeezing and pumping the base of my cock and my balls. She was truly talented and I was enjoying every minute of it. Suddenly I felt her push my legs a little further apart and release my cock from her mouth. I lifted my head to see her lower her head and take one of my balls in her mouth and gently roll her tongue over it and increase the sucking pressure just enough to make sure I was at the edge of pleasure and pain. She released one from her mouth and then went to the other and did the same thing. She moved back and forth and I again relaxed and enjoyed myself as she went back and forth and occasionally licked back up and down my cock. 

After a while she tried to get my entire sack in her mouth. I lifted my head and looked down as she continued this effort and she stopped and looked up at me smiling again and said you have the biggest balls I've ever seen, I can't get them both in my mouth together. We laughed at that and I said well my huge balls match your huge tits. Again we laughed and I dropped my head back to the couch. Just as I thought she would continue on my balls or go back to my cock I suddenly felt her tongue on my ass. I was surprised and jumped a little. She asked if she scared me and laughed. I said no it was just a surprise. I wasn't expecting it. She again started licking my asshole and it felt amazing. She was slowly working her tongue all around and each time she would pause and put a little more pressure with her tongue right on my asshole. It felt great and she kept it up for several minutes and added to the pleasure by stroking my cock. I looked down at her and watched as she worked her tongue and hand and felt myself building inside.

I told her that if she kept this up I was going to cum. She said I want you to cum but I just don't want you to cum yet. We have more to do before that. As she eased away she quickly took my cock in her mouth again and now it was hard as a rock, throbbing and soaking wet. She started moving up and I watched her as she got right between my legs, reached up and grabbed her huge tits and wrapped them around my cock. It disappeared between her tits almost as easily as it did in her mouth. She slowly started to fuck me with her tits. She looked at me and said do you think you can hold out for a little while if I fuck you with my tits? I laughed and said I think I can force myself to let you do that. So she slowly continued and I was loving it. She was pumping her tits up and down my cock with just enough pressure so I could feel it, not enough to make me cum but I couldn't watch because if I had continued to watch I would have cum.

After about five minutes of this she asked me how I felt and I told her I felt better than I had in a long time. She said good, are you ready for some more fun and I told her I was ready for a lot of fun. We both laughed and she slid back up dragging her tits along my body again until she was kissing me. She lifted her head and told me to sit up on the couch because she was going to straddle me so that we could fuck and I could watch her tits bounce and play with them. I laughed and asked how she knew that's what I wanted and she said she figured I did but even more so was that was what she wanted. She then told me that no matter what though I couldn't cum because before she would let me cum she was going to get what she wanted even more. I asked her what that was and she said for me to bend her over so she could feel my huge balls slapping against her. We both laughed again!

So much more to come!