 I hadn't planned on writing another chapter about my wife Laura, but a lot has happened since that time at the little beach and I like to share it with you. Laura also asked me to write. She gets turned on when we get mail and comments from the readers. Where I left the story off last time was that she was getting fucked by those guys that we met on that picnic outing on the Hawkesbury. 

We had exchanged phone numbers and didn't have long to wait to hear from them. Ben asked if they could come to our place the following weekend. After consulting Laura, we agreed. Ben said that one of the other guys wasn't able to come, but could he bring another one of his friends? 

"So how many are coming over?"

"Just the four of us."

"Honey, there are four of them that want to come over. Is that alright with you?"

"Errr... I suppose so."

"Ok Ben, Laura agrees." 

"Great, see you then. Give my love to Laura."

"Well honey, you've got a date for next weekend with four guys that want to fuck you. How do you feel about that?"

"Ooowwwaahhh, I'm already trembling inside thinking about it and with you that'll be five. Ooohhh fuck, I'll have cocks and spunk in me everywhere. Will you be ok with that?"

"I've seen you getting fucked by three guys; one more isn't going to matter now."

"Judging by that buldge, you are as excited as I am."

She hidged her little mini up, exposing her smooth shaved pussy and began to frigg her clitty. Seeing that, I also took my cock out and began to stroke the now stiff shaft.

"Honey, isn't it exciting. I'll see all those stiff cocks sliding into your wet, shaved cunt. Into your mouth and I'll bet they'll want to fuck your arse as well. Yea, they'll fill ever hole and blow their spunk into you."

"Ooohhh fuck, I love it when you tell me that. Come here and lick my clitty for me. I want to cum whilst I'm fantasising how they are going to fuck me." 

Her sweet juices were already flowing as my tongue entered her clit. She really does have sweet tasting cum. More so then any other woman I've ever tasted. Must be all that health food she eats. Her clitty was already swollen and I took it into my mouth and gently sucked on it and it got bigger and harder.

"I'll get them to watch you suck on my clitty first, whilst I check their cocks out and see them getting hard. Ohh yea, I know exactly what I'll do. I can't tell you. I want it to be a surprise. Ooohhh fuck yes, that will get us all in the mood. Ooohhh fuck, I'm cumming just thinking about it. Yeeaa, suck on my clitty harder. Move your wet lips up and down on it, ooohhh suck my clitty off, oohh yeeeessss, yeeesss, guys keep fucking me. I want all of you to fuck me over and over. Spunk me everywhere. You'll love your slut wife having all those cocks fucking me."

With that, she let out a loud scream and her juices came gushing out. Much more then I could swallow and ran down her crack, soaking into the sheets. 

As the weekend approached, she got more restless, actually clumsy would be better to describe it. Things would just slip out of her hand, including one of our best crystal wine glasses.

"What's the matter honey? You developed butter fingers?" I asked jokingly. 

"I'm so nervous about Saturday night. I'm not sure if I can go ahead with it."

"You'll be alright. You're just having 'Stage Fright'. You loved it the other week at the little beach and you didn't even know any of them. Once you'll see those hard cocks pointing towards you, you'll want them to fuck you."

"Yes and you want them to, don't you? Look at you now. Your cock is bulging already. You love me being slutty, don't you? Ok, I'll do it this time. I want to be in control and you'll have to back me up. If I don't like it, we won't do it again, promise?"

"I promise. Now come here and I'll give you a big hug."

"Yea, I know what you got in mind, hahaa."

She walked slowly over to me, giving me time to notice her nipples had gone all hard and were pushing against her top and that her eyes were fixed on my stiff cock. I quickly undid my shorts and took my cock out.

"See, I know you too well, but I do want that hug you promised me first."

She got between my legs and we hugged and kissed, letting our tongues explore each other. My stiff shaft was wedged between her boobs. During our kissing, she placed both hands on my meat and suddenly her lips left mine and she plunged them over my cock and let them slide all the way down my shaft, letting her wet tongue loose on it.

"Ooohhh yea honey, you are sooo goood at it. I'm going to enjoy watching you suck on all those cocks."

She came up for a breather and took her top and skirt off, then nudging me to sit back, lowering herself on to my cock facing away from me and letting her wet cunt engulf it. I put my hands on her boobs, fondling her full roundness of her 36 DD.

"How's that? I can have guys lined up in front of me to suck whilst I'm getting fucked. Oh yea and one can kneel in front of me and lick my clitty as well. Do you like that idea?

"Sounds awesome, yea and I'll line up for a suck as well. What about if you let one of them ass fuck you in that position and then you can let one of them fuck that sweet cunt of yours at the same time and you would still have room to suck as well?"

"You want me to take three cocks at the same time and have them spunk me? Ooohhh fuuuckkk, that's making me cum now. Yeeeaa I'm cuummiiinnngg, oohh fuuuckkk."

Saturday evening was just around the corner, after what seemed to be an eternity. Laura said she had some personal shopping to do that morning and that she will get her hair and nails done as well.

"You want your slutty wife to look good, don't you?"

"Honey, you look gorgeous and sexy as you are."

"Thank you sweetie, but it will give me more confidence as well. Can you look after arranging the drinks etc.?" 

By the time it clicked with me about shopping for 'personal things' she had mentioned, she was out the door. She most likely wouldn't have told me anyway.

I must admit that the waiting till eight o'clock was nerve wrecking even for me. Laura had checked herself umpteen times in the mirror, sat down, got up, back to the mirror.

"Honey, does this look alright?" 

Running her hands over her deep V neck top that showed heaps of cleavage, down to her barely covering her ass cheeks mini and the tops of the self supporting fancy pattern stockings.

"You look absolutely stunning. I'd like to mess you up now."

"Haha, you'll just have to wait your turn."

Finally there were car lights shining up the driveway.

"Oh my God, they are here".

And off she went for one final check in the mirror. I let them in and Laura made her appearance. The new guy (Peter) introduced himself. He got my stamp of approval, nice athletic looking and seemed a well mannered person. Ben, Sean and Richard we already knew from our episode on the little beach. Each of them gave Laura a hug, which I thought was nice of them. I noticed that Laura leaned into Peter more then the others as they hugged. So she obviously liked the look of him as well. That had been a bit of a concern with us, as we hadn't met him before. 

We sat down and exchanged pleasantry whilst having a drink. That mini skirt of Laura's, wasn't designed to sit down modestly. Although the lights were dimmed, it didn't take a brain surgeon to work out that there was an absence of undies and those stocking tops showing, made it even sexier. She was facing towards Peter and his eyes were glued between her slightly open legs. After a few more drinks, Laura excused herself, saying she'll be right back and for me to put some music on. 

Off she went towards our bedroom and after a few minutes reappeared. Not as she had left us, but now wearing a very lacy bra, matching undies, garter belt to which her stockings were attached and stilettos. She walked provokingly to the middle of the room and began to rub her hands over her sexy body. 

"Boys, do you like what you see. Do you like seeing me touching my body like this?" 

And she took hold of her boobs and played with them through her bra. Then slid one hand inside her panties and touched her cunt.

"Oooohhh yeeessss." Was our unanimous answer.

She took a few steps forward and stood just out of reach in front of Peter.

"What about you with those big muscles, do you want to touch my panties, maybe lick them?"

She took her hand away and walked a step closer to him. He could just reach them and put his fingers between her legs and rub them on her crotch. She inched her way closer to him and he was about to put his hand inside her panties, but she stopped him. Still getting closer to him till she was only inches away from his mouth.

"Would you like to lick my panties?"

With that, she put them right up against his mouth and his tongue came out and began to trace her cunt through the sheer see through panties. In no time they were wet and her shaved cunt was clearly visible. I took my pants off, as my cock couldn't be contained in them anymore. The other guys followed suit and I saw that each of them had a hard on. Peter was still licking her panties as he took his off and as I suspected, he had one hell of a cock. I saw Laura's eyes pop open as she looked down and saw his cock. I think I know what went through her mind. She backed up from him and went to Ben and leaned over him.

"Please lick my boobs and nipples, make them as hard as you can."

Whilst he was doing this, she put her hand back inside her now wet panties and we saw her playing with her clitty. Again she didn't let him touch her on her bare skin. Now she went over to Sean and lowering herself on to his stiff cock till it touched her soggy panties and gyrating herself on his cock, which desperately wanted to enter here wet cunt. 

"I'm not teasing you guys am I? I'm real sorry if I am."

"Not fucking much you are and you fucking know it. You prick teasing as to pain."

I think I spoke for all of us guys. She didn't answer and now it was Richards turn. What could she possibly have planned for him? She again backed up to him and said:-

"Be a darling and undo my bra."

Ben had done a good job licking her boobs, making her bra all wet and her nipples were now poking against it. As soon as the clasp was undone, her boobs bounced out and she stood up and pulled on her nipples. Stretching them out and then letting them bounce back. She came over to me and asked me to suck on her nipples. As I was doing this, she lowered her wet panties, exposing her even wetter cunt lips and her clitty was just beginning to become visible between her glistening, swollen lips. Peter was sitting next to me and he had his hand on his monster cock. Laura reached out and took his other hand and placed it on her wet cunt.

"You can be first to touch my nakedness, but no fingers in me please. Just play with my clitty. Baby you like that Peter is touching me. Ohh he's hand feels real nice. Baby take my garter belt and my panties off. Now guys do you like what you see?"

She took one step towards Peter and placed her cunt right up to his mouth. 

"Please lick me. Suck on my clitty and make me cum. I want my juices to flow over that huge cock making it all wet and let me see you play with it."

It didn't take her long to have her first climax. She had Peter's cock just at the entrance of her hole as she cummed over it. I think the compulsion to have that monster in her was too strong, as she slowly lowered herself on it. Her face sometimes flinching as it sunk deeper into her.

"Ahhh Peter, you're sooo big it hurts. I want you to fuck me, but please not yet. Please be a Darling and fuck me later." 

She came back to me and whispered 'I'm going to see if any of them want to ass fuck me. I've already got some lube up there. I'm soooo ready to be fucked. She went over to Sean, faced away from him and lowered herself on his cock, putting it at the entrance of her little ass hole. The guys were so turned on; they were ready to fuck anything at this stage. Sure enough, he let it sink into her ass. She leaned back and her cunt was now begging to be fucked. Ben took the invite and got in front of her and guided his stiff meat into her. 

Then Peter got up and with his monster cock swaying in front of him, walked over to her and placed it to her mouth. She opened it and began to suck on it, although her lips could barely open far enough. Ahh yes, that's what I wanted to see. Getting herself fucked in every hole. She took Peter's cock out of her mouth.

"Ooooohhh fuuuckkkk, I'm cumming, fuck me harder Ben, spunk my cunt full of your jism, shoot spunk up my arse, yeeesss......."

She gulped Peter's cock back in her mouth just as he was about to cum. He took the back of her head and pushed her closer on to his cock making it nearly disappear and arching his back, I knew she was about to cop a big mouthful of creamy spunk. 

"Here is mine you sexy little slut. Feel it shooting into your hot mouth. Drink it you slut."

I saw her gulping it down, but some of it oozed out of the corner of her mouth and dribbled onto her boobs. That's when Ben shot his load into her. I had to take my hand away from my cock, as otherwise I would have spunked as well. I didn't want to waste it. Ben moved away, leaving her spunk filled hole wide open and now Richard slammed his cock up her. She still had Sean's cock in her arse and he was already making noises that he was about to cum. Richard didn't last long either and she got both her holes filled. She got up and was a bit disorientated. I motioned for her to come over to me. I asked her to turn around and put my cock in her arse. It slid in real easy with all that cum on her hole. Once she had it all up her and was totally sitting on it, I said:-

"Now spread your legs wide open and let Peter put that huge cock in you. I want to feel him fucking you. It should slide into your cum filled cunt. I love watching you getting fucked, but I love it even more to feel you having another cock up you. Specially such a big one like Peters."

His cock had never really gone flaccid and with a couple of hand jerks, it was as stiff as ever. Fuck it was big. I couldn't help admiring it as well and now I was about to feel him fucking my slutty wife and shoot more cum into her. He placed his monster on her cunt and began to push it up her. Oh fuck yes. I can feel it sliding along my cock.

"Ohhh fuck, my cunt feels soooo full, fuck I've never had it so full. It hurts a bit, but it's so beautiful. Ahh yes Peter, fuck me good. Ram that monster deep into me. You told me I was a slut before. Ahh yes, I want to be your slut as well. Now that I can take that monster cock up me, I want you to fuck me whenever you want. Yes shove it up my tight cunt and fill me with your hot spunk. Ooohhh Darling, can you feel Peter's cock fucking me. Isn't it huge? Ooohh fuckkk, now I'm cumming, ooohhh......."

I no longer could hold it back and let my cum shoot in her arse. I felt Peter's cock jerk as well, as he pumped her full with another load of cum. We stayed like that for a while to recover. Laura was virtually purring. The smell of sex was strong and pleasant, as her juices and cum dribbled over my cock.

Peter moved off us. Even though he had spunked twice, his cock still looked hard. Was this guy on Viagra or something? I wanted to touch it, feel his size in my hand and I reached out. He seemed to know what I had in mind and came closer to me till my hand was able to grip it. The girth of it prevented my fingers to close totally over it. I let my hand slide up and down his still cum covered shaft a few times and fuck, it had gone hard again. Laura was watching me.

"You like Peter's cock too." As she put her hand on his just as massive pair of balls.

He stepped closer and his cock was level with my mouth. I instinctively opened it and he let it slide in.

"Ohh yeees baby, let me see you suck his cock. Let him fuck your mouth. I want to see you getting your mouth filled with spunk."

I worked my mouth back and forth on his shaft and he helped me by taking the back of my head and moving it onto him. I felt his cock stiffen and then give some jerks and my mouth was filling up with his cum. Laura was frigging herself as she watched me suck on his cock. Peter then said:-

"We are going to have lots of fun in the future. I liked you sucking my cock and I certainly love fucking your wife. I'd love to be able to fuck her tight arse. I'll get her a butt plug to use for a while.

"Oh yes, we are willing to experiment, aren't we Darling. I think I'd like it to walk around with it in my arse and I'd like to use it on you too Darling. Then maybe Peter can fuck both of us. Would you?"

"If you want to watch me fucking your husband, why not."

"Oooohhh wooow, we are going to have good times together."

She turned to me and planted her mouth over mine and we shared his spunk that was still in my mouth.

After they had left, I got Laura to put her cunt over my mouth and began to lick her sweet sex out of her.