 It was difficult to imagine that Marg my wife and Ilsa could be both polar opposites and best friends. Marg is short in stature, voluptuous, outgoing and friendly. Ilsa is tall and thin, curt and humorless. She automatically dismissed the ideas or thoughts of others and always had a better solution, or had 'seen that, done that'.

Initially Ilsa seemed to resent my presence as unwanted interference whenever she and Marg were together. I was indifferent towards her, not caring whether she liked me or not. But she and Marg hit it off and became almost inseparable.

As time wore on, Ilsa and I became more comfortable with each other. Her demeanor softened when we met and I discovered that she had a pleasant side. We started to socialize with she and her husband Paul. We golfed, went out for the occasional dinner or party and visited each other's homes. Paul and I had little in common but we both accepted the situation for the sake of our wives.

Paul was not particularly pleasant towards Ilsa, being one of those men that ridiculed and criticized their mate in public. He was a control freak and it was apparent that not much happened in their married life that was not of his doing or direction. It became easier to understand why Ilsa acted sourly towards others, although she never complained or belittled him when they were apart. Her most common beginning to a sentence was, "Paul says ---."

As the weeks and months rolled by, Ilsa and I became affectionate. There was nothing sensual as we first warmed to each other, we just felt good when we met. We kissed lightly in greeting and parting, our body contact and touches became more frequent and suggestive. The first hints of erotic interest evolved as time went on.

I would occasionally meet her in the Mall where she would slip easily into my arms for a light kiss and briefly press her body against mine. I would slide one hand around behind her back at the waist and let it linger. I was starting to think of her in a much more complicated manner. I quite liked the feel of her and her reaction to my touch.

Our relationship eventually became more sexual in nature. We engaged in humorous erotic jokes and innuendo although only when in the company of our mates. A suggestive comment by anyone in the group would find Ilsa and I glancing at each other, reading for a reaction.

Ilsa dressed fashionably, particularly at the golf course. One day she appeared clad in a delightful combination of shorts and golf shirt, the shorts presenting her ass and legs in a provocative manner. There were glimpses of lace trim on her undies. I said to her, "Don't get close to me today wearing that outfit."

She said, "Why not? Don't you like it?"

I replied, "Oh I love it, you look great, but I might just touch something that I shouldn't."

She smiled and said, "You can touch anything you want."

We both laughed but we also realized that there was more to it than humor.

If she called when Marg was not home, we would chat about banal things for half an hour or more, not wanting to break contact or say goodbye. Our telephone conversations gradually shifted to more erotic chat. "Have you showered? What are you wearing? Need any help with your bra?" 

They were silly nonsense phrases of course, but it was our way of letting the other know of our growing interest. It was a form of osmosis, the comments from each person slightly altering the others thoughts and responses. I was beginning to think seriously of launching my first affair outside of marriage.

We were golfing as a foursome on one occasion. Marg and Paul had led the way to the next tee. The tee was behind a thick bush and Ilsa stopped as the two others disappeared around it. She stepped away from her pull-cart and turned to face me as I came up. Her hands were behind her as she waited for me, she had a light smile on her lips. It was an invitation that I accepted without thought.

I came close up in front of her and said, "What's the smile about." 

She did not respond but continued smiling at me. I reached out for her waist and pulled her to me for a kiss. I moved my hand down first to her hip and then up along her side and cupped a breast as our parted lips lingered. There were no words. We joined the others as if nothing had happened but we had turned a corner during that brief moment. She knew that I knew that she knew.

A few weeks following this encounter we attended a dinner and dance at the club. We were all feeling quite relaxed following cocktails, wine and dinner. The music began and we danced with our own mates and then changed partners. 

Ilsa slid into my arms the same way she did when we met in the mall. One breast to the side of my chest and the other pressed around the front with one arm up around my neck. I could feel her warm breath on me.

My face was in her hair, near her ear when I said, "Damn, I love the way you greet me with your body. Do you do this with everyone you meet? Or just me?"

She murmured, "I think there is something a little special in it for you." She arched forward as she spoke.

I was quite hard by now and my stiff cock bumped against her hip. She was in heels and was almost as tall as I, her mound at the correct height to rub nicely on me. She moved her hips to ensure contact and to let me know that it was not accidental. I slowly rubbed it up and down on her in time to the music.

I whispered, "Ah God Ilsa, that feels so damn good." I moved my hand down her back to just above her butt and pulled her against me.

She was pasted against me from her tits to her thighs, my knee partly between her legs. Luckily the dance floor was crowded and dimly lit. "I would love to kiss you right now." She replied by rubbing her body on me.

That evening as we all said goodbye, our kiss was even more meaningful, her tongue slipped hungrily into my mouth. Paul and Marg were embracing at the same time so we allowed ourselves that extra moment to demonstrate the mounting desire we felt for the other.

We had advanced from dislike and disinterest, to affection and innuendo; and now to a mind meld of lust. I had expressed my feelings for her and she had acknowledged them by action more than words. She was in my thoughts when we were apart and my body hummed at the thought of seeing her on each occasion.

Our phone calls became more frequent and our chats became more intimate. I always asked what she was wearing, from the type and color of her clothes to her undies. She always replied seriously and I believe accurately. A simple discussion like that would have me holding my hard cock in my hand. Eventually I said, "I am hard Ilsa, my hand is in my shorts holding my cock." 

"Oh Jim," she said in a husky voice, "don't tell me that, I'll be thinking of you all day." 

"And you know what will be on mind," I moaned, "being naked with you, kissing and touching you, making you desire me and wanting me in you. In your pussy." 

Ilsa cried out at my words, "Oh Jim, I can feel you in me."

Our telephone discussions became very explicit as we discussed our sexual preferences. I asked her about oral sex and she told me that she often went down on Paul but he did not return the favor for her. And despite the fact she could no longer conceive, he always wore a condom. And then with a giggle said he only used a pack of 3 a year. 

I suggested that if she ever gave me a chance that I would run the full drill on her from toes to nose with my tongue and lips. She laughed at that and said, "You are starting to get my attention."

Ilsa called me one morning. Paul was away on business. I was alone working in my home office. She knew that Marg had an appointment downtown and made no pretence of wanting to talk to her.

I asked, "What are you up to today? Any plans?"

She replied, "No, nothing in particular, I have just showered and dried my hair and was thinking of what to wear for the day."

I repeated my standard opening, "And what are you wearing now?"

"Oh, just a robe." A pause and then, "You have been on my mind since I awakened this morning."

My throat constricted but I stumbled out the next query, "Do you have your bra and panties on yet?"

She waited a few breathless seconds and then, "No, I was just about to put them on, they are laying on the bed in front of me."

I groaned at the image of her removing her robe and pulling on her bra and panties, "Let me come over Ilsa."

I could hear her breathing and it was several seconds which seemed like minutes before she said, "Oh Jim, much as I want you to come, I don't think that you should."

I pleaded with her a little more. But she seemed quite certain that it was not going to happen, so I suggested maybe another time and said goodbye.

I had a severe case of lover's nuts building and was just about to go to the bathroom to resolve it when the phone rang. It was Ilsa.

"Please come over Jim, I'll unlock the gate when you arrive." They lived in a gated community but she was able to see the gate from her front room and open it with a remote.

"I'll be right there, stay as you are in your robe." She did not reply.

Her uncertainty appeared to have evaporated; she had obviously decided what would happen next. She slipped into my arms just as the door closed behind me. If she were wearing anything under her robe, it would have had to be of very thin material. Our first kiss alone together was hot and tongue filled. She pressed her full body against me while my hands worked down her back to her ass. 

I had hungered to feel her since watching her in golf shorts. I cupped her ass cheeks in my hands, kneading and massaging them. I ran my fingertips down the crease to the back of her legs.

I fumbled with the belt on her robe and opened it. I stepped back a bit and looked down her naked body for the first time. I wanted to devour her.

She leaned back against the wall, her eyes smoky hot and said, "I was so nervous about you looking at me naked, thinking that you might not like my body, but now I don't care, I just want your hands on me."

Her small breasts hung loosely, nipples jutting out from large brown aureoles. Her body was angular and gaunt, with high shoulders, prominent ribs and hipbones. Her torso was pale between the tanned legs and arms. Her dark bush was speckled with gray. There was a space between her thin legs at the juncture with her pussy. I was about to test whether the old adage that 'the closer the bones, the sweeter the meat' was based on fact. She looked absolutely great and very desirable.

We kissed as I held one of her breasts in my hand, rolling and pinching the nipple. I said, "You have a beautiful body and it's all that I have imagined it would be. Let me taste it. My cock is aching for you."

I worked my way down from her face and neck to her tits, the nipples now almost exploding in anticipation of being sucked. I rubbed my face between and licked under them. She raised one tit with shaking fingers to offer the nipple for my attention.

I moved her up against the wall, forced a leg between hers and sucked her nipples. I worked a hand between her legs until the top edge of my hand was rubbing along her wet slit.

I stepped back and started to undress. She was as desperate as I and fumbled madly with my belt and zipper, pushing my pants down and brushing her face against my cock as she bent to remove them. She slid her hands in the back of my shorts to push them to my feet. She gained confidence at the sight of my stiff cock pointing up at her chin and rubbed it with the hot palm of her hand as she closed on me and lifted her face for another wet kiss.

She turned and walked away from me, dropping her robe on a sofa near the door and heading for a spare bedroom. Quite frankly I would have preferred fucking her in Paul's bed but I was not about to argue that point. I watched her thin body, long legs and jiggling ass cheeks moving away from me. I was mesmerized for a minute but soon followed her into the bedroom.

She turned to me as I entered the room, her eyes were smoky with lust and she rubbed her hands down her sides in anticipation. She sat down on the bed and waited for me to get closer before reaching out for my cock. She brushed her hair and face on it, looked up at me and said, "I have been thinking about this every since you first rubbed it on me when we were dancing. I got myself off that night in bed."

After licking around the knob and shaft she swallowed at least half of it in one gulp. My legs stiffened and I shivered at the sudden sensation of an expert mouth sucking my cock. "Ah, sweet hell, be careful Ilsa."

I held her head still and slow fucked her mouth before pushing her backward on the bed, her feet still on the floor. Our eyes locked as I fingered her slit while leaning in over top of her braced on one arm. I hooked two fingers inside her pussy, rubbing her clit between them as I stroked her and whispered, "Ah what a beautiful pussy. It needs to be fucked."

I ran my tongue around my own lips, signalling to her that I was about to live up to my promise to go down on her. I loved the thought that I was about to provide her first pussy licking. It is by far the best preparation for a woman.

As I began to lower myself she cried, "Oh God Jim, I'm going to pass out!"

I knelt between her legs lifting them onto my shoulders and kissed my way along her inner thighs. She arched her back to raise her pussy as she felt my hot breath on her slit. I kissed it first and applied two long licks from butt hole to her bush. I forced my rolled tongue into her, probing as deep as I could, stirring the soft musky scent of a horny woman. 

She grabbed my head and pressed her pussy against my flattened tongue and rubbed on it. She cried out as I closed my lips on the tip of the clit, sucking it gently. I clamped my lips on each pussy lip in turn, sucking and pulling them out wards. She raised her ass up and clamped her knees on my head, her entire body vibrating.

She cried out, "I am coming already, God this is so hot, oh Jim."

I moved my mouth up her body, kissing and licking my way to her nipples and neck; then we kissed with wildly lashing tongues as I pushed her more fully onto the bed.

I rose to my knees between her legs and gazed down her gaunt body. Ilsa was in total submission, her eyes just slits, her arms spread up each side of her head, her tits slewed to each side of her body and legs open with her knees raised. Her cunt was quivering from my lips and tongue work. I lay my cock along the upturned slit, the knob in her damp bush, my balls between her spread legs.

She remained motionless as I used my hand to rub my cock in her slit; only a low moan escaped her pursed lips. I worked my knob into her and felt her pussy squeeze it repeatedly. I rolled and pulled at her nipples while enjoying the feel of her cunt sucking my cock. 

I sunk my cock all the way into her, bringing moans from the both of us. I whispered, "Let's fuck now baby."

She reached upwards for me, grabbing my shoulders to pull me down on top of her and said, "Yes, lets fuck."

My hands slipped up under her shoulders as I covered her with my body. I felt her tits squashed against my chest as I used my hips to drive my cock in and out. Her pussy came fully alive and we soon found the perfect rhythm. Her fingernails dug into the flesh of my butt as our intensity mounted. 

She thrust her hips up each time I stroked into her, twisting her pussy around my cock with a corkscrew type movement. "Come in me, fuck me, I want to feel your cum," she demanded.

We soon did and I enjoyed a toe-curling ball-tightening ejaculation of the sort I had not experienced for some time. I lay there on her, exhausted, my cock still pulsing inside her. We finished off with a few last delicious strokes as my cock softened and her pussy convulsed around it, slowly squeezing it out.

I lifted myself back to my knees and watched the knob of my cock slip out of her cum filled pussy. I remained in that position and said, "Look down at it Ilsa, was that beautiful or what, I love your pussy and want to leave my cock in it forever."

She smiled up at me, "That was perfect, so much pleasure, but I knew it would be like that with you. You are so tender and loving. Can you stay a while?"

I rolled to her side, propped myself on an elbow and ran one hand up and down her body. "I would love to stay for a while. It won't be long before I will be ready for you again."

She reached over and took my soft cock in her hand, "Not too long a wait I hope. Hmm, some reaction already."

I leaned in over her and found her lips with mine. I clenched her entire pussy in my hand, pressing the heel of my hand on her mound and grinding away at it. I finger fucked her as she worked away at my cock. We kissed passionately again, her lips softening as I probed her mouth with my tongue. Her jaw slackened in submission to my tongue and fingers.

She slowly worked her way on top of me, pushing me to my back while still clutching my cock. She leaned ahead to present her nipples with her knees planted each side of my hips. She pulled my knob to her slit and rubbed it in her juices. My cock had hardened enough that she was able to stiff finger it part way up her hole. She straightened up, holding her tits in her hands and with her eyes closed began to rise and fall on me in response to my stiffening cock. I held her by the hips as I lay back to enjoy her gentle ride, her hips twisting each time she settled down on me. Her pace quickened as she closed her eyes and her lips parted in a perfect 'O' of pleasure.

Her eyes remained shut as she lifted up and down on me, and groaned, "I've dreamed of this, riding you, feeling you in me, rubbing my pussy side to side on your hard cock, pleasing you, and me, I wish this would never end."

We became one body, joined at the hips and lost in another world. As the intensity grew stronger and the need to come took over, she lowered her upper body down on me, her tits jammed against my chest and her mouth buried in my neck while her ass began to pump wildly in a corkscrew sort of drive that consumed my entire cock, from the base to the knob.

I lifted her ass up a bit to allow me room to drive my cock up into her pussy. She held still as my thighs slapped into her ass cheeks with each stroke. She cried out as she felt my first jet of cum sear the depths of her pussy. She clamped back down on me, pasting her body against mine like a leech as her entire body convulsed. She pushed her legs down between mine and then spread them, bracing herself on mine as her cheeks clenched and released spasmodically.

We had travelled a long path to get here, several years of mounting desire for each other culminating in a wonderful afternoon of lovemaking. The day ended in late afternoon following a long lingering shower for two. She gave me the most excruciating blowjob that I had ever experienced.

That afternoon seemed to complete our crazy passion for each other. Or did it? It would be difficult to believe that such a wonderful joining could be set-aside and remain untested in our memory boxes. Marg and she continued to be friends, golfing and shopping and gossiping. We joined she and Paul for golf and dinners as always. And yes, we did touch and kiss on occasion, our affection remained, but would we ever again conspire to repeat that exciting erotic afternoon?