 It has come to my attention that so far I’ve only written about experiences I’ve already had. After a while it gets a little more difficult to think of new creative things to write about, after all, I am a student. But I think this time it’s going to be a little different. I’m going to write about an experience or two in which I’d like to have happen. This is the first of one of its type.

You come to pick me up. It has been three weeks since I had last seen you. You already know that it isn’t going to take much coaxing for me to want to be with you, but you decided you wanted to make this visit special.

I hear the playful ring of my phone as you let me know you’ve arrived. I grab my purse, slip on my shoes and quickly scamper to the door to greet you. “I have a little surprise for you baby. You’re going to need to put this on though.” I see a thin black strip of cloth in your hands. I turn around so you’d be able to make the knot at the back of my head. After making sure it will suffice you spin me back around. I pout a little. At first you wonder what the matter is, but quickly you realize it. I soon feel your warm lips press against mine and retreat. I smile. You take my hand and lead me to the car. Safely, you make sure I get in and close my door behind me. I put my seatbelt on as I hear your door open and close. In no time we’re off. “So, how was your day?” you ask. 

“It was alright, nothing special. Just had my usually classes. Was traffic bad?” I comment.

“Eh, it was actually pretty good for a Friday.” You add. We sit and chat for a bit. I obviously question you about where we are going, but you don’t give in. I feel your hand brush against my leg and finally rest on my folded hands. “You look very nice today.” 

“Thank you.” I say bashfully and proceed to look down. I had dressed up a little bit for you. I was wearing a white fitted top, which was nothing special, but I had on my grey pin stripe pants. You looked down and noticed the thin white and pink lines.

“Pink huh? I never though I’d see the day,” you laugh. We continue to drive for a little while. You rubbed your thumb over my hand for a few minutes and put place our hands on my lap. 

We drove for what seemed like hours as my anticipation began to grow. “We’re here,” you finally stated. You gathered your wallet, phone and various other pocket materials and proceeded around to my side of the car. You opened the door, took my hand and started to lead me out of the car. “Can you see?” you asked.

“No,” I whispered. You hooked my arm around yours and we began to walk. You could feel me holding back a bit wondering where it was I was stepping.

“Don’t worry, I won’t let you run into anything,” you chuckled. “Trust me.” I grabbed your arm a little tighter and continued to follow. I could just make out your familiar smell, it made me smile. “Step, step again,” you instructed. “Ok, wait right here.” I stood out on the warm night for a couple of moments. I could hear you open a door. “Ok, step up again.” I smiled as I continued to follow your instructions. “I’m not quite sure how this is going to work…” you wonder. 

“Wait, I have an idea.” Suddenly I feel your lips upon mine again. It just felt so good to finally have contact with you after what seemed like a long drive. I feel your hands snaking down my body slowly and then I feel you pick me up slightly. You grab me tightly. “Hold on.” With that I wrap my legs around your waist as you proceed to ascend the staircase. I start to giggle slightly as I give your neck some soft kisses.

You slowly let me down to my feet. “Don’t peek…I’m almost done,” you whisper in my ear. I hear a quick strike of a match soon followed by a faint smell of vanilla.

“Baby?” I question. You come up behind me and start to unknot the black strip. I feel it loosen its grip as it glides off my face. I squint a little, trying to focus on the light around. 

“You’re room…” the room was dimly lit. A couple of candles are scattered throughout the room. Some by the headboard, some on a night stand, and a couple others on the dresser. The room was filled with the delicious sent. Not believing my eyes i kept staring around the room. It wasn't long before i looked down at the bed to find a single flower. “Oh, Baby…” I look up at you. You smile. I start to move in closer to you. Your hand finds the back of my head and you slowly pull me in for a kiss. Our lips touch. Finally after not touching you for the longest time we finally meet. My hands start to knead at the bottom of your shirt as my head slightly slips to the side and my mouth slowly opens. 

Your kisses start to trail from my lips to my neck softly. I moan ever so softly. Your hands slide down my sides slowly. I continue to plant a few kisses on your neck. Your fingers wrap around the end of my shirt and your pinky starts to slide up under it. Again I moan softly as I run my hands up your chest. The rest of your hands sneak up under my shirt and you look at me as you slightly drag it up. 

I gaze up at you approvingly, lightly biting my lower lip. You proceed to bring my shirt up higher, exposing my lacy bra. “Interesting…new?” you ask. 

“I was hoping you’d notice.” You bring my hair over to one side and lightly start to kiss the side of my neck. My chest starts to rise and fall quickly. I push my chest a little closer to you. I raise my arms up in the air and you bring my shirt over my head and place it on your chair. You look down at my cleavage and start to lower your head to them. I reach for the end of your shirt again and start to drag it up over your head. You slowly kiss my left breast and then the right as my hands starts to glide up and down your back. I bring my hand down to your belt. I can already feel you hard behind your pants. I smile and start to unlatch it. Your hand retreats down to my pants and you start to run a finger lightly between them and my skin. 

I shiver a little as my eyes roll back a little. You bring your hand down the back of my pants and lightly grab my ass. You run both of your hands down my sides and slowly get on your knees. You look up at me as your fingers start to undo the button of my pants. You lean over and use your teeth to gently unzip them. Wrapping your hands around my waist, you slowly start to nudge them down. Once over my ass they fall to the floor. 

“They match I see,” you tell me. I smile and run a couple of fingers through your hair. Your hand slides around my waist and over to the small of my back. Your trace your fingers alone the outline of the tattoo you know so well. Softly you leave a trail of kisses from between my chest down my stomach and to the top of my thong. You glide your hand up between my thighs and you feel me tremble around you. Bringing your finger up, you rest it gently against my panties. Again I see you smile as you look up. “You’re already wet,” you tell me, but I’ve known this. You can tell how much I want you now. How I’d give almost anything for you to move my thong aside and fuck me, but you’ve come this far using so much will power you decide not to give in. 

You come back up to your feet. I use my hands to explore your chest. I lightly place them at your neck and with a couple of fingers on each hand I glide them down and around your nipples. I know you enjoy that almost as much as I do. My fingers start to trail down to your stomach and again to the top of your pants. I see your cock start to bulge in your pants. I lean forward and wrap my lips gently around your left nipple. I lightly take it between my teeth and let my tongue flick it fast, and then massage it lightly with a little bit of a sucking motion. This time a soft moan escapes from your lips. 

I crouch down to get a better view of your waist. My hands work fast at detaching the clasps from your button and zipper. I take each hand to your sides and lightly drag them down, catching your pants in the process. They quickly fall to the floor and I look up at you half naked body. Now you’re just in your boxers and I can see the head of your cock desperately trying to struggle out of them. 

“I don’t think you’re going to need these either,” I tell you with a devilish look on my face. I glide my finger between them and your skin as you did to me. I can feel your stomach flutter as your cock once again bulges. I start to pull them off, pulling more at the front to let your cock escape. Once they’re down you step out of them quickly. I look up at you and you motion for me to stand. This time I don’t follow your instructions. 

I lean over and lightly breathe on your balls. You again motion for me to stand. I bring my head in further and give them a quick lick. I know you can’t resist it so you throw your head back a little. I suck the left one into my mouth and massage it with my tongue lightly, then the right making sure I lick between them. I slide my tongue over the bottom of your shaft. Slowly I bring it up the underside. I can see a drop of pre-cum form. I bring my tongue all the way up to meet it. I lap it up then wind my tongue around your head. You moan again. I love hearing that I’m giving you such pleasure. I slide my tongue into the groove near the tip of your head and I feel you slightly tremble. You move to the bed and sit at the edge. 

I craw over and position myself once again between your legs. I don’t waste any time. My tongue massages the head of your cock as you start to feel my lips wrap around you. I suck on it slightly as I start to inch them down a little further. I let your cock slide out of my mouth and I use my tongue to run it up and down your shaft to get it a little wetter. I once again wrap my lips around your cock and start to suck my way down along it. I move down further and further. I look up at you as I start to move back to the tip of your cock. I use my tongue to flick lightly at the tip of your head. You watch me for a moment and lean your head back once again in enjoyment. 

This time I move down fast on your shaft and you gasp. You can feel your head hit the back of my throat. I move up and down toward the bottom of your cock and slowly start to shove it back a little further. You feel your head hit the back of my throat again, but this time it starts to follow the path. I almost reach the end of your shaft. I lightly start playing with your balls. I back up and try it again. I bring my mouth back up and start to suck you again. 

This time I twirl my head around little by little as I start moving faster up and down your shaft. You moan again. I know if I continue you might not be able to last. I slow my pace up a bit. I lightly play with your balls again. You run your hand through my hair. You stand up and quickly pull me to my feet. My grab my hair and pull me in toward you. Our lips touch again, and I feel your tongue force its way to my mouth. I quickly meet mine with it. 

You kiss me deeply as I feel your hands run over my back. Your fingers fiddle with my strap a bit until I feel it unlatch. You send soft kisses down my neck and you move each strap off my shoulders. You lightly pull the front to soon after have my bra fall to the floor. My tits are now bare in front of you. Grasping them somewhat tightly you take my erect nipple into your mouth. I can feel you tongue flick over it and gently suck. “Mmmmm,” I moan and shove my chest closer to your face. 

You move to my other nipple and continue to suck. You grab me tightly and swing me around to the bed. I can feel you shift your weight to me as you slowly lower me to the bed. You kiss me deeply again then move back to my chest. You play with them a little longer. You use your fingers to make small circles around them. Every once in a while you pinch them tightly between your fingers. I moan a little louder with that. You know how much I enjoy you being a little rough with me. Your hands slide down my stomach. 

This time you make your way to your knees. You wrap your arms around my legs and pull me closer toward the edge of the bed. You press your mouth to my lacy panties and breathe a little heavy. I can feel your warm breath over me. I look up at you with pleading eyes. You smile and run your fingers up the insides of my thighs. You kiss the insides of my thighs getting closer to my pussy. I feel you drag your tongue from my lip up through the crease between my leg and body. You can hear my breath start to quicken. 

You do it again with the other side. You take your teeth and gently bite at my thong. I start to inch toward your mouth. You smile. You know how badly I just want to feel you inside of me. I feel you nibble at my thong again and a slight whimper escapes my lips. Your hands run up to my hips and clasp the sides of my thong. Slowly you pull them toward you. They run down my sides, my thighs pull a little against my wetness until you fully peel them off. You let one side glide down my left leg, and then the right. My panties finally make their way to the floor. You stand up and look over at me. I’m confused. I wanted to just feel you so badly. You walk over to the floor where the satin black strip had fallen.

“I’m going to use this to my full advantage,” you tell me. You swiftly move over to your closet. I hear you fiddle around with some clothing for a few moments and out came a tie. “I think these will do quite nicely.” You move back over to the bed where I’ve been hesitantly waiting. “I don’t want you getting ahead of me baby,” you whisper. “I want to make sure we take our time.” With that you tie my hands together with the satin strip. You lace the tie between it and fasten it around the bed frame making sure my arms are up over my head. “There…this is going to be fun,” you smile sheepishly. You return to the floor and once again wrap your arms around my legs. You pull me closer to you stretching out my body. 

With that, you trace your tongue around my lips. You can already feel me fidget with my restraint. You slowly slide your tongue down between my lips. I gasp. With that I feel you place your tongue on my clit. My heart starts pounding now. You make small circles around it with your tongue. The feeling makes me moan with almost every one of your circles. You pull back and quickly lick up it causing my body to make a small shake. You do this a couple more times then wrap your lips around my clit. You start to slowly suck on it, placing your tongue right above it. You gently massage my extremely hard clit with your tongue. I moan louder. 

I start pulling at my wrists when you begin to lightly bite my clit. My body shakes again and you continue to make small circles around it. I was already wet before you began, but now I’m even wetter. You lap at my pussy a few times to try and control the wetness and continue to play with my clit. You start to feel my pussy pushing closer toward your tongue, my hips almost making a bucking motion against your face. You bring a finger up and gently use it to play with my clit. After just a few seconds you start to slide it in me. You wrap your lips around me clit again and lightly suck as your finger moves deeper into me. You can feel my pussy start to contract a little around your finger. You can hardly contain yourself now. Your dick is throbbing, begging to be inside me.

With one last lick you climb on top of me. You quickly give me another deep kiss then sit up on your knees on the bed. You take your cock in your hand and proceed to slide it up and down my wet pussy. You use it to tease my clit. You place the tip of it at my open and slowly begin to push in. After about and inch you move back out and play with my clit again. At this point you know I’m desperate. I just want to feel your hard cock inside me. You tease me a little longer. You grab my tits and start to play with them. “Please baby, please…I need to feel you,” I beg. With that you shove yourself inside me fast. You continue to push in a little further until you’re completely buried. I moan loudly, “Oh yes! Please, don’t stop now,” I beg. 

You start to slowly make thrusts inside me. Making sure you work me at a slow pace, you let your hard dick enjoy every inch of my pussy wrapped tightly around you. With each of your long strokes I moan a little louder. You continue to slowly pump at me as you lay down on top of me. We kiss passionately again as you feel my hard nipples against your chest. You come back up to your knees and continue to pump into me. Grabbing my chest with your hands you start to quicken the pace. I start to moan with each thrust. It just feels so amazing. I wanted you for so long and now you’re finally inside me. Your cock is so extremely hard. I can feel it moving in and out of my tight pussy. You fold your body back down on mine and grasp me tighter. 

“Baby, you feel so good,” you whisper in my ear. 

“God, I want you. I can’t take it too much longer!” I scream. With that you come out of me. A little confused I look up at you. 

“On your stomach, now!” you demand. You help me gather some slack in my restraint and flip me over. You watch as I position myself comfortably. My ass raised up at you, with the view of the tattoo on the small of my back. You place your hand on it and start to slide it down to my ass. You give it a light smack and take your cock in your hand. Again you use it to tease me slightly. You drag it down by my now throbbing clit and back up. Finally, you re-enter me. You shove my ass back down near the bed then grab both of my sides tightly. You begin to thrust again, but this time not as slow as you once started. I feel your cock angle down toward my spot, and every other thrust your tip runs over it sending waves of pleasure through my body. 

“Yes, baby, please don’t stop!” I scream. You reach around with one hand and start to softly massage my clit with your finger. You continue to thrust into me hard and rub my clit. I pull at my restraint, trying to break free. I loosen up the satin strap enough to slip a hand out. “Please get on your back,” I order. You slide up under me as I’m still facing the headboard. My legs straddle you and I start to bounce up and down on top of you. “Yes!” I scream, bringing my finger down to my clit. I continue to rub it fast as I plunge myself down on top of you. You grab my hips to aid in the thrusting. You feel me starting to contract around you. You know I’m close. I continue to rub my clit and bounce on top of you. I start to moan really loudly. 

“Oh yes! I’m cuming I’m cuming!” You pull back on my hair as I continue to moan loudly. My muscles tighten up around you. You scramble back up to your knees and flip me back over on my back. You shove your cock hard into me and continue to thrust. You go as fast as you can, prolonging my orgasm. Finally, you can’t handle it and withdraw from me. With a few huge bursts your cum shoots up to my tits. With a loud moan you continue to jerk your cock until you’ve finished, leaving a trail of cum from my chest to my stomach. I take my hands and rub the cum around my chest, my nipples still extremely erect. For a few moments you can’t do anything but stare down at me. You lay down beside me to relish the last remaining moments of your climax. You trace your fingers around my back as I snuggle in a little closer to you. I feel you move my hair to one side and leave a soft kiss on my neck. Your lips approach me ear ever so slowly. 

“So what do you think about a shower?” you whisper. I smile.

“Sounds like a good idea.”

The End ;-)