 Jim and Ilsa had engaged in a long flirtation followed by an intense afternoon in bed together. Ilsa was the best friend of Jim's wife Marg. The courtship had lasted months prior to the meeting at Ilsa's home. 

It had been a strange coupling in that they had initially demonstrated a dislike for each other. Ilsa in particular had tried everything that she could think of to avoid being around him. But, being best friends with Marg had eventually brought them closer, what with golf dates, dinners and evenings at each other's homes. Both Jim and Ilsa's husband Paul had grudgingly accepted the socializing to accommodate their wives. The protagonists eventually developed affection for each other, followed by casual touches and good night kisses, erotic phone calls and chat meetings, the end result wrestling naked in a bed that one afternoon. 

The long buildup to their encounter had caused them to feel that the ensuing sex was an end in itself. The intense session resulting in body wrenching orgasms over several hours satisfied the ultimate objective that they had dreamed and fantasized about during the months leading up to it. Once it was over life would return to normal. But of course it did not.

The affair had far reaching affects beyond Jim and Ilsa. The relationship between all three involved was changed forever. Jim and Ilsa had felt no guilt during the courtship, and not much more immediately after the consummation.

Jim's life at home and his attitude towards Marg continued normal for the most part. At night however, he grew less interested in sex and as weeks rolled on he could barely get it up let alone keep it up with a woman he had lived with for years. This was a new experience for both of them.

The effect on Marg was devastating. After years of mutual affection and sexual pleasure her husband suddenly seemed uninterested in bed. All of the doubts possible to imagine coursed through her mind. Was he having an affair? Had he just lost interest in her? What was she doing wrong? Was he sick with some terrible disease? In the end, she became certain that he had another woman somewhere. A normally upbeat and outgoing woman became quiet and introverted. 

Jim for his part had no idea why he could no longer get it up for his wife. She had not changed physically, he found her just as desirable as ever. The affection between them remained, but when he crawled between the sheets at night, he was not the same man. It wasn't as if he was getting sex anywhere else. One afternoon screwing another woman surely didn't qualify as too much sex.

Ilsa worried about what was happening to her best friend. She was the opposite of Marg socially. She had been blunt and outspoken, showed little diplomacy towards others and was opinionated and haughty. Who could blame the other women at their golf club for not wanting to include her in their groups? But Marg had rescued her, ignoring the outward signs of a sour woman, to find a hidden softness, and changed Ilsa to the point that Ilsa's married daughter had commented how much kinder her mother appeared to be since Marg had befriended her. 

Marg was now less affectionate in her dealings with Ilsa but had shown no signs that she was aware that Ilsa had betrayed her. She also appeared distant to the other ladies at their club.

Jim and Ilsa were circumspect during the several weeks that followed their fuck session. The phone calls had stopped; their few conversations were limited to everyday chat between friends. They both wanted things to return to normal. Prior to their joining, the intense desire for each other had been more difficult to deal with on a daily basis then they could have possible imagined. The relief they felt after it was a done deed was palpable, although the memories of it returned to their minds on a daily basis. 

Marg was withdrawn, Jim was filled with self-doubt, and Ilsa worried about the souring relationship with her best friend ever. They were not a happy group. 

Jim and Ilsa gradually returned to the exchange of soft looks and touches. Phone chats resumed and included an intimate reliving of their erotic afternoon. Jim wondered why he could get hard at the sound of Ilsa's voice while his beautiful wife could not arouse him even while lying naked and horny in bed beside him.

Marg had never had to look for sex, it had always found her in the days leading up to her marriage, and she had little idea how to find it now. But she was considering sex outside of marriage to fill what she perceived as a void in her life.

The world had changed since her dating days, life in a big city was quite different than what she had enjoyed as a single woman in a relatively small town. How did you meet anyone? She was already aware of chat lines and online dating clubs, and in fact she and Ilsa had peeked together a few times and debated whether to join in with some guy online just for kicks.

She now decided to join a few dating sites and was amazed at the deluge of invitations that she received from men of all ages. She was cautious of course, showing only a silhouette and a nom de plume, along with her age, and nervously, physical description and her sexual interests. She was practical enough to realize that many of the men were not who they said they were, nor actually interested in meeting for sex. Many just enjoyed the seduction and any naked viewing available. 

Marg was pretty much in the same boat; it excited her to excite men, although she could not really believe that she would meet any of them for sex. It also surprised her how many young men were interested in a woman of her age. She had never really considered involvement with a man young enough to be her son. Somehow, now in this new open age she did not over-rule the possibility and was quite open to chat when one pursued her.

It seemed that sexual partners were available all day and all night long, but her preferred online time was late afternoon, and if Jim was away or working late, early evening. She gradually sorted out men of interest, blocking those that did not appeal or were too brazen. Should she ever follow up on these meetings, it would be with a man that was romantic and affectionate.

One's mind, if open enough, could gain trust and affection via the airwaves and she soon began to reveal more of her body with those she grew to like. She wore sexy lingerie for her meetings, eventually baring her tits and pussy to certain of the men to whom she was attracted. Text messages gave way to verbal exchange, providing more intimacy to the seduction. She even got off with one guy, something she had not done with her husband for months. The mind is an amazing organ. And just like being in bed with Jim, her trigger was the spurt of cum from her online partner that released her own body to orgasm. 

One man in particular intrigued her. He was quite young and safe from discovery amongst her friends. Shy and cautious at first, he was now begging to meet her. He knew that she was married and understood her reluctance, but he believed that she desired him. He was the one man that had got her off online. She finally did meet him for coffee. He was probably more nervous than she, but there was mutual attraction present. She continued to meet others online after meeting with him; it was like an aphrodisiac once one became confident.

She was excited and aroused; this simple engagement with men who appeared to desire her sexually rebuilt her self-esteem despite the tinge of guilt. She was attractive at age 50 and drove many men to distraction in their desire to meet her. She was careful to have the right light settings to go along with her make-up and dress. Over the course of a month or so she had seen more hard bare cocks than what she had viewed in her lifetime. Guys got off for her viewing pleasure and asked her to play with her pussy for them. She complied occasionally if for no other reason than to show appreciation of what they had performed for her.

Eventually she had sorted out those men who really wanted to meet her for sex and those who were just on as exhibitionists. She acknowledged that she had also been a bit of a cockteaser, but rationalized her actions as part of the search for a partner. She

had decided to meet someone for love and sex. Well, maybe not love, but with enough affection between them to provide some passion in bed. She was not really all that interested in spending time in bed with one of those men with huge dongs promising to "Fuck her hard, fuck her ass off."

Despite her decision, she had not yet arrived at the point that could allow her to crawl into bed with anyone except her husband. She decided to discuss her issues with her best friend Ilsa. 

Meanwhile, the now daily phone chats between Ilsa and Jim had convinced Ilsa that she needed another session with him in bed. They never tired of reliving that afternoon. "I cringe thinking of you going down on me. It had never happened to me before, your tongue and lips, my God, I couldn't get enough, I wanted to cum on your mouth." In reply, "Loved to taste you baby, you were so horny, then the feeling of my knob rubbing your wet slit and working it's way into your tight pussy, looking down at your tits and eyes begging me to fuck you, it was heaven." The decision to meet again grew closer with every phone call. She called often and sensed that he was ready for more real sex. 

It was with this background that she accepted Marg's request to meet at her home. Marg got right to the point. "I'm worried about Jim. He has lost interest in me, especially in bed. I am sure that he has another woman. I don't know what to do. I miss our sex life, he is moving further and further away from me. I am getting my sex on line for God's sake, and walking around town dressed like a call girl seeing if I can still attract a man."

Ilsa pulled her close and hugged her in compassion. She had never really considered that her affair with Jim could be causing this kind of anguish to Marg. It was a separate issue to her mind, she had no plan to win him away, and she just wanted sex with him. She decided to keep things light and replied, "Damn Marg, you realize you are talking to a woman who only gets laid three times a year, not counting a monthly blow job! I have no idea what to advise you."

Despite herself, Marg laughed, she was aware of Ilsa's own lack of sex, they had talked about it enough.

Ilsa continued, "And how is the Internet sex going? I go online occasionally but haven't, hmm, chatted. But there are some guys on there could have me any time they want! Do you actually do something? Or just look. I'd be too scared."

Marg said, "Oh, I do more than look. I have several regulars, and have seen more cocks than I can count."

"You're kidding!" Ilsa said, "Guy's actually show their things? How about you, do you bare any skin?"

Marg laughed again, "Geez Ilsa, are you from another world? Of course they do, sometimes that is all they want to do. And yes, some of them get lucky and if I am really horny, I show them the works."

"Oh my God baby, you have really gone overboard. Do they ask to meet you? Have you met any of them? Do they want to, you know, meet to do you?"

Marg could sense that Ilsa was getting charged up about her tale. "Oh yes, some of them are serious about meeting for sex. I could probably get laid every day if I chose. And I am in the mood to just do it, well do it once anyway. But I am close. I also walk the malls on occasion, acting as if I want to be picked up. I enjoy seeing men look at me and wanting to fuck me. It's a real turn-on. I have had coffee with one or two of the braver types who approach me."

Ilsa said, "I would have no chance doing that in person, you are such a beautiful woman, although the online thing might be possible for me." The thought that she could probably fuck Jim before his wife could was almost laughable to her, and almost certainly could not be an issue from Marg's viewpoint. 

She continued, "Damn Marg, I can't advise you. It is probably a short-lived problem, about Jim and you I mean. He adores you, I have never seen or heard otherwise. Maybe you are taking things to seriously. Just relax and be yourself. Do what nature tells you."

"Well, nature is telling me right now to lay one of these guys. And I know which one I want. But where do we do it? Can't possibly do it here at home. Don't like the idea of a motel or hotel. He is only a young guy and his apartment is a little dumpy. Not going to do it in the back of a car either."

Ilsa asked, "A young guy? How young? There must be some of our age out there looking for pussy. Why a young guy?"

Marg responded, "He is 25, or says he is. Looks right. I met him for coffee one day. He is beautiful. Surprising that one can get to like someone online, never thought it possible. I love teasing him, seeing his eyes when I lift a tit out of the bra, or when I pulled my panties down for the first time. God, I'm getting horny just telling you all this. He looks and acts inexperienced which for some strange reason attracts me. Guess maybe I want to train him, or God forbid, mother him. I do know I want to be naked with him."

Ilsa gasped, she and Jim had certainly explored all options by phone and Internet and she knew how thrilling cyber sex could be. "Marg! You sound as if you are ready to do this. Does he, I mean, does he show you his equipment? God, guess I can say it, does he take his cock out for you to see as well?"

Marg replied, "Of course he does, no way I get naked unless he does. He jerks himself, puts the knob close to the camera lens and gets off for me almost every time. I got off with him one day. He begs to meet me, tells me he needs to put his long cock in my pussy. And except for a meeting place, I would do him right now."

And then, "Oh sorry Ilsa. This is not your problem, but I had to share it with someone, and you pretty well fill the bill on that count, I don't have anyone else I could possibly confess it to."

There was not much more to say, Ilsa commiserated with her friend and hugged her and said goodbye. She was happy that Marg had relaxed her outlook towards her, along with confessing of her approaching infidelity. Marg's story had aroused her, just talking about sex and cocks and pussies had weakened her loins and had turned her mind to her own issue, her desire for Marg's husband Jim. Her husband Paul would be away on another trip in a few days, gone for a week out of the country. She had targeted this period to arrange a liaison with Jim. She could barely wait to get home and call Marg with the germ of a new idea.

Marg answered and Ilsa jumped right in, "Paul's away all next week."

"And so? He goes away regularly sweetie. Why call me?" Marg was puzzled.

"Well, do you still want to get laid or not? You can bring him here to do the dirty deed. I will leave you alone for as long as you want to be with him. You can take him in the spare bedroom, and you know, do it."

Ilsa appeared to be as aroused about her friend getting laid as was Marg herself. Of course, in her mind it would also make it feel more acceptable to bed Marg's husband, knowing Marg was getting some on the side as well.

There was a long silence, Ilsa could hear Marg breathing heavily, and could almost sense her brain grinding away with the thoughts coursing through it. And then, "Baby, you are so sweet to think of me. I am not sure that I can do it though. Let me think about it and talk to Brian. That's his name; he might not be as comfortable with using your house as I am. What would be the best day and time for it? You wouldn't have to leave; you could just wait in another room, watching TV with the volume away up. God, I'm really horny now. If Brian's up for it, oh God, where is my mind, if he is okay with it, I'll do it."

"Good babe, Paul leaves Sunday night and will return the following Friday, so you have 4 days to choose from." It was the least she could do, giving her friend first choice. She and Jim would make their date from the other available days.

Marg lay back on the sofa after hanging up. Her hand was caressing one breast as her legs clenched squeezing her heated moist pussy. She had been through so many turn-ons this past month with different men and situations, that she felt no guilt about betraying her husband; she wanted to get laid. It was now down to opportunity and location, and those both appeared to be achievable with Ilsa's offer.

She took a laptop into her bedroom, stripped naked and climbed into bed, sitting up against the backboard covering her lower body with a thin sheet. It was 4:00 pm and her usual date time with Brian, who was normally off shift by this time. If he was not available she had a couple of other guys to contact, she had to get off today. She only had to wait a few minutes until Brian appeared online. Her "Hi Babe, how are you?" was met with a loud, "Wow, what a greeting" from her young online lover.

She smiled and adjusted her tits for better viewing and whispered, "You like?"

"You kidding? I love. What sort of mood are you in today? It usually takes a while to get you naked." 

"Today I am shameless. I want to show you everything. And I want to see everything you have." With that she pushed the sheet down, settled back and set the computer below and between her legs, readjusting the camera. She spread her legs with her hand covering her pussy. "I want you baby. I want you in me. Show me that you want me."

Brian's computer was on a desk, and he quickly stood up and backed away to allow her to view most of his body. He fumbled to unzip and drop his pants, followed by his shorts. He was well over 6 ft. tall, with a lean muscled body and powerful thighs. His long thin cock was straightening as he posed for her. He stood there in a tee shirt only sliding his hand up and down his cock.

"Can you come for me babe?" Marg moaned as she slipped a finger between her slit lips, toying with her engorged clit. "I want you so bad, want that big cock of yours inside of me, bring it closer babe, let me see the knob."

Brian moved to the camera portal jerking off more quickly as he approached. A little pre-cum oozed out of his hole, driving Marg to a desperate fingering of her pussy.

"Do you want to fuck me for real baby?" she gasped. "Tell me you want me, tell me what you will do to me for real." She could hear Brian's grunting as her words and actions took him to the edge. He had difficulty keeping his cock in front of the camera as he thrashed away, now using both hands. He was in the process of getting off and couldn't speak, his mind was mush, words meant nothing to him at this point. Just the sight and sounds of her doing herself was enough. He did have the presence of mind to turn sideways as he released three spurts of cum, the first one shooting at least three feet.

Marg followed seconds after his release, arching her back upwards with two fingers buried deep inside, holding that position until she finally relaxed and allowed her body to collapse on the bed, her legs clamping hard on her buried fingers.

Brian looked sheepish as his face returned to the screen. "Damn Marg, you caught me by surprise, I got off in about 2 minutes. That was hot baby, let's do that more often."

Marg readjusted, covering her lower body with the sheet, and smoothed her hair back, smiling. "You didn't answer me babe. I asked you if you really wanted me. For real I mean, alone in a bed, naked, the whole bit. Do you?"

"I have been begging to do that for weeks Marg. Of course I do, I will meet you anywhere, anytime, I dream of being in you day and night. Want to suck those nipples, hold your pussy in my hand, kiss you, I want it all. Name the time and place, I'll be there."

"A friend of mine has offered me her house, as much time as we want, sometime next week, during the day of course, can you get off work?"
