 Zia is the Rabbi's daughter. I work for the Rabbi although I'm not Jewish. Zia is in her early twenties, recently married to a short thin bloke who looks too young to be married.

I never really rated Zia as hot, she's not really my type. Apart from being religious, younger than me, and recently married, I always thought she was a bit of a snob.

She's attractive enough. She has mid-length brown hair, brown eyes, she's of medium height and build. her best feature is her lips: they're full and thick in that wide-mouthed style.

During the holiday period when the community centre where we both work was closed, I was busy patching a ceiling hole when she arrived. I was up a ladder, she came in the front door and stood at the bottom of the ladder to say hi, without realising I was getting a good view of the tops of her little tits in a loose black t-shirt.

Pleasantries over, she went off to do something and I went back to the patch.

Some minutes later, in comes this thin guy asking for her. I took him down to Zia's office and left them to it.

At that time the three of us were the only ones in the three-storey building so I went back to work. As the day wore on, my maintenance duties took me all over the building. It was mid- afternoon and quite warm when I went onto the rooftop to finish a furniture repair. The rooftop was set up as a play area during the week and used for functions on weekends.

In the middle is a raised area with some outdoor couches around it, and I stumbled onto Zia and the skinny bloke sitting there. She was half-laying with her head resting on his chest but when she saw me she sat upright, her face turning red with embarrassment.

I just smiled and went to find something else to do. As I turned away I thought I saw her smooth her dark skirt down but I wasn't sure. I figured the little skinny bloke was the new husband that I'd never met.

On the first floor, there's a security camera monitoring station. I decided to have my afternoon break there. I zoomed in on the rooftop camera and sure enough Zia was sitting opposite the skinny bloke on the edge of the couch. I took a sip of my drink and froze as I realised her legs were uncovered. The black skirt was invisible, I was looking at the side of her thighs.

The resolution on the camera was not great but I'm sure she was showing the bloke up her skirt. I watched some more, and a few moments later I was no longer in doubt. She stood in front of him holding her skirt up high. After a few seconds she sat back down, skirt now firmly back over her legs.

I watched for about three minutes and only saw indistinct movement. They were apparently talking, but there was nothing exciting happening so I went back to work.

An hour or so later I was putting things away and I went past Zia's office. The light was on and she was alone. I said, "Visitor gone?"

She looked at me and I saw pain and confusion. She was close to tears.

"Oh I'm sorry Zia, I wasn't intending to intrude..."

"It's OK David. Yes, he's gone. Back to his overbearing mother's, I expect. You probably realise he's my husband, but he was a convenience. My parent's choice."

"That's sad Zia." But she went on.

"I'm another in a long line. Me, my mother, my grandmother - we're all daughters of Rabbis and our function is to produce more little Jewish kids. Only I've got a problem. The twit they chose for me doesn't have a clue. Oh, why am I telling you this. Sorry."

The 'Uncle Dave' part of me came out.

"It's OK. I don't know if I can help but if you need a shoulder to cry on..."

I wasn't really serious but she stood and rushed to me, the tears rolled out, and she pressed into me. I held her gingerly - she sobbed into my chest and I was quickly aware that her sobs caused her tits to rub up and down my chest. I tried to push her away a little, but she hugged in and now it was worse - I had a hardon and it was pressed between us.

Thirty seconds later Zia had stopped sobbing and we parted. She sat in her chair, I sat on the couch next to her.

"Oh David, I'm sorry. Thanks, um, but, well the problem is I can't seem to get him going. You know, interested in me. THAT way. What' wrong with me? I'm pretty right?"

"You are, Zia. It's not you, it's him. Maybe he's shy, maybe he's scared or just not ready. Look, tell me to shut up if you like, but good Jewish couples are virgins when they marry, right?"

"That's right."

"Well, like you said, maybe he really doesn't have a clue. And girl, maybe you don't either?"

She looked at me and smiled a little. "That's a fair enough comment. I think we're supposed to know even if nobody talks about it. Can I ask you some, well, questions about marriage and those things David?"

"Yeah, OK. But it's bit awkward..."

"I know. But, well, oh heck I might as well just say it. He's supposed to put his seed inside me right? Well he can't enter me and I don't know what to do ..."

Professor Uncle Dave now. "Is he large?"

"I don't know, how big is large?"

"Fair question. Can he not get inside you because he's too big?"

"Oh I see. No, it's just sore and painful."

"Do you use a lubricant?"

"A what?"

"Something to help. So, er, everything is slippery?"

Silence. She looked at me. Then, "Slippery. I get it. We're dry."

"Oh, Zia, that's easy to fix! Wait, you've never, um, got sexually excited before?"

"Well, a little. Um, no not really."

"When a woman is sexually ready her vagina gets wet, to help the man get in. Have you ever got wet?"

"Not like that, no I don't think so. How do I make it wet?"

"Well, you kinda do it together. When you kiss and cuddle and caress. You need to do that for as long as it takes. If it takes hours to learn what works for each other, then take hours."

Zia looked relieved. "Then that's the problem. It's more like 'we've got half an hour before bed, let's do it.' There's no, er, whatever."

"It's called foreplay."

"Foreplay. Got it. So what do we do?"

"Well, as well as kissing and cuddling you, um, touch each other. You touch each other's privates."

"Will he like it?"

"Zia he'll love it. All men do."

"And will I like it?"

"I hope you do Zia. When sex is right it's the best feeling in the world."

"OK. Touching. Oh heck, I don't know. What if we do it wrong? Why in the name of goodness don't they teach us these things?"

Then the bombshell:

"Will you show me Dave?"

Would I?! Well, in the interests of furthering her marriage, I acquiesced.

"Um, OK. But lets's make no mistake here Zia. You're not thinking about diagrams and explanations, are you?"

"No. I want you to...touch me...to make me 'ready'. So I can show him. And I want to touch you so I know how to get him ready too. But Dave...You can't SEE me, OK?"

"OK Zia. Start with you..."

"She stood slightly and pulled her panties down, and sat forward on the very edge of her seat, matter-of-factly. I reached forward with my hands under her skirt and edged her thighs apart. She complied, and the look on her face was one of intense concentration. 

With my right hand I continued gently up her thigh and placed my thumb and index finger directly beside her pussy. She flinched slightly, but did not recoil.

I could feel pubic hair and one of her pussy lips. I turned my hand so that it was now cupping the whole of her mound. I rubbed very gently but she was still dry. I took another tack. I reached for her right breast with my left hand and cupped it, gently rubbing over her nipple. That got a better reaction. She gasped slightly, and her nipple became hard quickly.

I told her to loosen her bra, which she did while I continued gently rubbing her mound. I put my hand under her t-shirt and squeezed her breast skin-on-skin this time. Her reactions told me she liked that a lot. When I gently twisted and pulled her nipple she moaned and looked at me: "That's really nice. Who knew!"

I smiled, and a few moments later I allowed my middle finger to push at her pussy lips. I was delighted when I found a dampness there, so I tried more pressure.

Zia bucked slightly, and I realised she's probably still a virgin. My finger was the first body part EVER in there.

Pulling at her nipple really did the trick.

"That's even nicer," She said. "I understand now, thank you."

I thought the lesson was over. Then she said: "Give me a cum? That's what it's called right?"

"MAKE you cum, or GIVE you an orgasm..."

She smiled at me. "Do both!"

I went to work. My middle finger was part-way up her cunny, I gave it the company of another and began wanking her in earnest, still tweaking and rubbing each nipple.

She shuddered and her thighs clasped at my invading hand, then she spread her legs again to let me in deeper, all the while keeping her skirt over heaven so I did not see.

"Did I just cum?"

"Maybe. If you did it was just a little one. The real thing will make you faint!"

Zia settled back with closed eyes and let me do my thing. For about five more minutes I concentrated on her face for signs of what she liked, then armed with the knowledge I took her to the edge. Her face reddened slightly, she moaned deep and low, and her hips began to fuck back at my fingers. She was very wet and with two fingers in her cunt and a thumb flicking at her clit she was well on the way.

As her breathing quickened, she opened her eyes and looked into mine: "Ooohhh my! Ooooh my. That's soo good. Wait, just there. Oh. Oh..."

Zia came. Her thighs trembled and her butt rose off the chair altogether. I couldn't keep my hand on her tit any longer but it didn't matter to her. I kept the fingers in her pussy still and let her buck on it, then suddenly she flopped back onto her chair as her orgasm passed. I got my hand away just in time to avoid a broken wrist.

She looked at me intently, still jerking very slightly: "It still feels good!"

"That's the afterglow", I told her.

"What a beautiful word. It fits just right."

Immediately she began to laugh. She was delighted with herself and in her new knowledge. Then she realised her lesson was incomplete.

"Oh Dave. I'm gonna learn how to touch you, I mean a man, now."

"It's gonna be difficult not seeing, Zia."

She smiled conspiratorially: "You weren't allowed to see ME. I WANT to see you. Y'know, just to learn!"

I stood before her and undid my belt. I pulled my jeans and boxers down and there it sprang before her.

Her eyes widened.

"You're uncircumcised! I always wondered what that would look like! Um, what do I do?"

"OK, here's the head and here's the shaft. The head is sensitive on us uncut guys. Put your hand around the shaft."

Like a good student, she did. Then she looked up at me: "Not too hard?"

"No Zia, that's just right. Look, if it's not hard, just touching it and moving your hand back and forwards gently will make it hard."

She experimented.

"Yeah. Like that. That would make a dead man hard!"

She beamed, then watched my cock intently as she went about her 'lesson'.

"OK Zia, stop a moment."

"Oh, did I do it wrong?"

"No, you did it so right that I'm about to cum. I was so turned on by getting you off that I'm really ready now."

"SO?"

"So a man jets out of his penis when he cums..."

"Oh yeah. Um. What do we do. Wait! What would YOU like to do?"

"Well, I could shoot into a tissue, or..."

"Or? Or what? What? Tell me."

The little minx began wanking me again, very slowly, looking into my eyes. I wanted to either cum in her mouth or on her tits. I figured both would be a long journey for a Rabbi's daughter in her first ever sexual escapade, but then she HAD cum on my hand and she WAS wanking me. I went for it.

"I'd like to shoot on your breasts or you could take me in your mouth..."

She stopped wanking me. She stared at me, her jaw dropped.

"I've only ever heard about those things. Are you for real?"

"Not if you don't want to, no pressure."

She let go of my cock and I thought I'd pushed her too far. She stood up, I thought to leave, and she hesitated again. Then she literally shrugged, reached down to pull her t-shirt over her head, the bra going with it. "Are they pretty?"

"Oh, you bet Zia. They're perfect!"

"Not too small?"

"For me it's about shape not size. I've seen some - I tell you your tits are the perfect shape!"

"Oh, 'tits' are they? They were 'breasts' a minute ago!"

"They're perfect either way."

She giggled again, sat back on her seat and took my cock in her hand again. I was still rock hard, and she'd learned well how to wank me for maximum effect. I thought I was going to splooge on her tits, but she closed her eyes and put the tip of my cock in her mouth. She closed her lips around it and I thrust gently, putting my hand behind her head for encouragement.

She opened her lips again and let me all the way in, but she gagged and recoiled. I wasn't going to push my luck and I was close, so I took her hand and put it on my cock shaft again. She had her own idea - she cupped my balls with the other hand and squeezed.

"Gently..." I said.

She nestled them in her hand, half-tickling, and stroked my cock some more. I warned her: "Here it comes..."

She looked up at me triumphantly, and my jizz welled up as my balls tightened. I threw my head back and my hips forwards. My first gob went under her chin and the rest between and on the undersides of her tits.

I marvelled at how quickly this virgin had picked up some dirty moves, but reality seeped back in and I realised what anybody who came in would see.

There was the maintenance guy standing in front of the Rabbi's daughter, naked from waist to knee. She was sitting naked from the waist up, with said maintenance guy's cum on her chest and dripping from her tit.

Suddenly she became all business-like.

"Oh, I didn't think it would go this far. Um, here's a tissue to clean up. I need one too. Oh, er, well thanks for the help. I er..."

"It's OK Zia. I understand..."

I pulled my pants up and did up my belt. She looked away, clearly embarrassed and maybe a little ashamed. I turned to leave.

As I got to the door she said: "Oh David. Just a sec..."

I turned. She hiked up her skirt and spread her thighs, and I saw her glorious pink pussy for the first time. It was open, glistening with her wetness, and topped with a light covering of curly brown hair. My jaw dropped.

"If my husband still doesn't like it, maybe you would?"