 My name is Adam and I'm a rich man. I own or at least have my hand in many businesses around the world. I am a silent partner in many of these businesses so my life is not that busy. Many are stockholdings left by my family. I am originally from the United States, but I have made homes in Mexico, Brazil, Italy, and Spain. All these homes are not close to any real large city. I enjoy my privacy and that of my women.

I have several women currently living with me. They are practically my wives except legally. They are all women I have met over the years and grown quite fond of. They all seemed to not mind sharing me with each other. I was practically their master in that they never tried to contradict or disobey my wishes. However, I did not think of them as slaves. They were simply my women whom I will care for and love.

They were not with me for my money, as I had often offered let them go and I would give them enough money to live comfortably for the rest of their lives. Each of them refused and decided to stay with me. They all seemed to love my control over them, as well as the loving nature of my character.

The first one was Dana whom I met in the U.S. Back then I did not flaunt my money and power and today I rarely do in public. I had met her in a bar in New York. She was there with her boyfriend but it did not stop me from talking to her when he had gone to the bathroom. I could not stay away from her. She was a tall redheaded goddess. She was well endowed with DD breasts that accented her amazing curves and round ass. She had on a red dress that showed off all of these features and showed off her shapely white legs.

I approached her and immediately I noticed her eyes scanning every inch of my body. She seemed quite shy when I began talking to her and told me that her boyfriend would be back soon. I simply told her that talking to someone as beautiful as her was well worth the risk of a confrontation with any boyfriend. She seemed to like my compliment and I got the feeling she did not hear many despite her breath taking beauty. It seemed her self-esteem was not as high as one would expect.

Sure enough her boyfriend came back and threatened me to get away. He was half drunk and spouting every swear word known to man and a few he seemed to make up on the spot. I showed that he was not intimidating me and so he grabbed Dana harshly by the hand and dragged her out the bar. I felt concern for what that drunken bastard could do to her in that state and so I followed them out of the bar. I did not see them outside so I walked to the back of the bar where the parking lot was hoping that that they parked there and not somewhere down the street.

That's where I saw the drunken man still holding tightly to her arm as he fumbled for his car keys. Dana said something I could not hear which seemed to anger the man. He picked up his hand and slapped her. That infuriated me and I quickly ran to stop him. He was about slap her once again and she braced herself for the blow. I screamed at him to stop and he turned around to face me. He again spewed more drunken statements from his mouth telling me to mind my own business. He then went over grabbed Dana hand hurled her to the car.

I couldn't take it anymore. He was about to slap her once again when I grabbed him by the hand. He in turn swung at me and missed. I just gave him a good right hook to the side of the head and he was down. He just got up and left back to the bar, but not before woozily telling Dana it was over. I turned to Dana who had tears running down her cheeks. I did what I could to comfort her and she hugged me and buried her face in my chest and so began our relationship.

We had gone out for about a month and she still did not know the extent of my wealth. We also had not had sex yet as well. I was stern and slightly controlling in the relationship. It seemed I had to, as she was so indecisive. She seemed to like the sense of security I gave her when I was around. She seemed to do whatever she could to please me in the slightest way, except sexually.

It was not that I didn't want to ask, but I wanted her to want it, and badly. To me nothing else turned me on more than to know that a beautiful woman wanted me in the worse way. So, I began to look for things that seem to fluster, and turn her on. She simply liked my gratitude of everything she did for me, so I was sure to compliment all her efforts. It the few intimate situation we had, I was sure to give her as much attention as I could kissing her neck or fondling her breasts, and not letting it go farther.

I knew I was getting to her, that I was leaving her with a need for me and I was relishing it. Then one night she did not want me to leave her apartment. This was very odd as she rarely ever stopped me if I wanted to leave or anything else I wanted to do. It of course took no convincing for me to stay.

"I wanted to ask you something," she said.

"What is it?"

"Do you find me sexually attractive?"

"You shouldn't even have to ask. Of course I do."

"Then why haven't we… you know."

"Do you want to?"

"Don't you?"

"I want to hear it. Do you want me?"

"Well… I…"

"If you want to, just ask."

She had a hard time asking to go eat at a certain restaurant. I could only imagine how hard it was for this needlessly insecure woman to ask for sex. I took her hand and walked her back to the couch where he had been making out.

"I…" she began. "I want you t make love to me."

"Is that was you really want."

She looked down and answered, "Yes," like she was ashamed of her desires.

"How bad do you want it?" I asked

She looked up finally and I saw her squeeze her legs together. I saw the desire in her eyes; something I had not seen in her in all that time I had been with her. I saw how bad she wanted me, but I still wanted her to say it again.

"I want it bad!" she said forcefully.

I was a little shocked as this was unlike her, but I loved it. It seemed like her inhibitions were now gone and it was confirmed when she pounced on me. She ended up ripping my shirt as she frantically tried to get it off while kissing me on the lips. I didn't care of course. I was just enjoying this horny woman attacking me.

When she managed to get my now ruined shirt off she began to kiss and lick my chest. The sensations oh her lips and tongue were wonderful. The blood flowed freely into my dick and I could not take being the passive one any more. I pushed her back and immediately pulled her dress over her head. I ended up ripping it as well but she did not seem to care at the moment. As I pulled her dress over her head she quickly unclasped her bra with an urgency I had never seen. My period of dominance was quickly over as she brought my head down to her revealed breasts. I didn't care, as I liked where she was directing me. I took her large breasts in my mouth her nipple soon hardened in my mouth so I continued on to the next one. As I sucked her other breast she clumsily felt around for my belt buckle. When she found it she tried with the same urgency to unbuckle it.

I pushed her back once more and undid it for her and took off my pants and boxers. She once again pounced, this time her mouth on my dick. There was that urgency again as she furiously licked and sucked my swollen prick. Her head bobbed up and down so fast that it seemed like a blur to me. It was not long before I was ready to blow.

I wanted the control back so I grabbed her head and pushed her down further on my cock as it spewed cum into her mouth. She struggled a bit but she gave in. "Swallow it all" I said as I continued filling her mouth. I felt her try to gulp down as much as she could with my dick still down her throat. She did as she was told and sucked it all down. I let her go and she kneeled down in front of me on the floor trying to recover. I then noticed she was slowly rubbing her pussy through her panties.

I picked her up and slid those panties down her luscious legs then sat her on the couch and spread those legs revealing a mouth-watering pussy. I went down on her licking and sucking her juices with the same urgency she had given me. I had her squirming and I loved that. I sucked on her clit as my fingers entered her. She was getting close. By now my cock had recovered and grown hard once more. Just before she came I quickly moved my cock to her pussy and dove in. She screeched as she climaxed and dug her nails into my shoulders. I pumped my dick in and out of her as she was still in the thralls of orgasm. I don't even think she fully came down from her first orgasm before she climaxed again. I was so close to cumming and I didn't want to get her pregnant so I pulled out and laid her down across the couch and straddled her stomach and stuck my dick right between those two beautiful tits. They easily engulfed my dick. I squeezed them together and thrust my hips.

I don't think Dana quite knew what was going on as her eyes were still glazed over. Eventually she recovered somewhat and stuck out her tongue so she could lick the tip of my dick after each thrust. I could not take it anymore and exploded onto her face. She quickly closed her eyes to keep the cum out of them. She looked great with so much cum on her face but I knew she was not as thrilled as I was. I led her to the bathroom where she cleaned up. When she had washed all my cum of her face she turned around and embraced me.

"That was amazing. Thank you so much for that. The best I ever had." She said.

"Really? The best? I actually think I can top that."

She looked at me with more love in her eyes than I have ever seen before. She kissed me deeply and pressed her naked body against mine. After that she was all mine. She eventually learned the extent of my wealth but she could care less. She rarely, if ever, took advantage of my wealth. She even complained that the presents I gave her were too expensive stating that what she gave me seemed insignificant in comparison and that she was not even worth it.

So that's how I got Dana, my first and the one closest to my heart.