 I'm the groundsman, Jae is a teacher. I'm much older than her, but from the start she seemed to like me more than just as a fun colleague. Her blue eyes seemed to twinkle when I looked at her, but I hoped she didn't know how MUCH I looked at her. I watched her walk, sit, teach. I watched her leading the kids to classes. And I started to fantasise about her.

Jae is a little taller than medium height, with mid-length fair curly hair and blue eyes. Her hips are full and womanly, she has a very slight paunch but a firm butt, and her breasts are on the large side of medium and they jiggle enticingly when she walks.

I had known her for a few weeks when we were both in the staff area behind the gym after hours. She was working on a display and I was fixing a leaky tap.

She squealed and I turned to see what the matter was. She'd fallen over, and was grasping at her ankle. I rushed over to help. I knelt beside her, and asked if she was OK.

"Yeah, I just twisted my ankle. Help me up?"

I put an arm around her side and she leaned on me as she rose. My hand slipped at the same time she did so we ended up with me cupping a breast. I stammered and apology and moved my hand, we got her upright and she smoothed her skirt.

"Um, sorry about that," I said.

"No problem. It was an accident."

Then she looked at me with an impish smile. "Or was it? Sure you weren't just copping a feel?"

Smiling back, I faked indignation: "Young lady I am not so desperate as to cop feels of damsels in distress! I'll have you know I always ask before I grope, for I am a GENTLEMAN!"

She laughed. "Gentleman my bum. I've seen how you look at me. No gentleman peeks like that."

She had me there. I didn't realise she knew. So I went for broke.

"And just HOW do you fancy that I look at you, madam?"

Her face became deadly serious, she looked my straight in the eye, and you could have knocked me down with a feather when she replied, "Like you want to fuck me..."

I swallowed hard. I searched her face for teasing, admonishment, disdain, warning... but I only saw desire.

I dropped the fake comedy act. I looked at her and tried my luck - everything to gain, only my job to potentially lose. So I said: "In my dreams, Jae. Always in my dreams."

Moments passed. I wondered if there was cctv here. I guess she knew there wasn't. She took two steps backwards so her bum was on the table, lifted her skirt to the tops of her thighs and said, "Come on then."

My head span. I was dizzy. She was twenty-five, I was fifty. I'm fit and strong, I look younger, but she knows I have kids almost as old as her. And yet she was offering me her sex.

And I was going to accept.

I walked forwards, and as I did so she crooked one leg up so she was half-sitting on the table and her thighs well apart. I already had a plan of action. As I got to a pace away, I dropped to my knees and put my head under her skirt. I kissed her mound through her navy-blue panties, and she gasped. I had moved her from fantasy to fact, and I was going to savour her and try to make her want more. So I pulled the panties aside and gently licked at her slit while I caressed her butt cheeks.

She grabbed my hair and pulled me away. I thought she'd got cold feet, but she pulled me to her lips and kissed me. We nibbled each other's lips, we snaked our tongues together, and we gasped into each other's mouths.

There was no hurry. School was over for the day, and it was rare for anyone to still be here at this hour. I was standing between Jae's thighs, she was half-sitting on the table, and she had her arms around my waist. I had my hands under her buttocks, gently urging her sex towards my dick. We were both still fully clothed.

Jae was first to take it up a notch. She undid her blouse, put it aside, and reached behind her back to unclip her bra. I watched in awe as those magnificent tits swung free, large yet firm, with perfect pink nipples pointing straight forwards.

I bent my head to them, cupped them in my hands and gently licked, nibbled and sucked at each of Jae's nipples in turn until they were hard. She began to moan. As her excitement grew, my dick got harder in my overalls. She noticed, and pulled the zip down awkwardly until she wrestled it all the way down, then reached inside my boxers to encircle my shaft with her cool hand.

"My, Davey. I do believe you are somewhat aroused!"

I smiled. "Somewhat..."

I left her tits alone for a while and knelt again to give her some oral. As I was kneeling Jae took my cue and pulled her panties down, stepping out of them deftly. I lifted the hem of her skirt and saw perfection. Smooth, entirely hairless, symmetrical, open and pink. I licked up and down her lips and darted my tongue into her slit.

"Oooh, that's good. Mmmhng."

While licking around her clit, I put a thumb into her wet box and hooked my index finger around to press against her arsehole. She squealed when I did, and began pushing her cunt into my face. She put a hand on the back of my head and held my mouth there against her wet pussy, and as she got more excited I pushed my finger into her arse up to the second knuckle.

I stopped licking and just drank in the sight of her pussy just centimetres form my nose, with my thumb buried in it, and my finger in her tight butthole.

Jae grabbed a handful of my hair again and pulled me up. As if we'd practiced it, in one smooth motion I stood, Jae threw my overalls back so I was naked from the knees up, she lay back on the table, and I positioned my dick at the entrance to her vagina. In one firm thrust I buried my cock inside her right up to the hilt. We both moaned aloud, and I held it there hard up in her cunt.

Jae looked at me, and we began fucking each other. I thrust forward, she met my thrusts, and my dick went in and out of her slick pussy. I watched her tits jiggle in time with our fucking, bouncing up then down her chest as I watched my dick disappear in her wet opening.

She smiled a little as we fucked gently, then suddenly her brow creased and she gasped.

"Oh fuck I'm gonna come already. Don't stop, just like that. Oooh!"

I kept up the firm, regular thrusting. Jae began to buck a little but kept the rhythm. Then she came, her pussy clasping at my invading dick and her hot wetness rising to a crescendo as she climaxed. As she did, I pushed in hard and held it there, to prolong her orgasm, and as she bucked and shuddered under me my own release came over me and I spurted my cum deep inside her, gob after gob, until we were both spent.

As my senses returned, I looked down at the splendour before me. Jae's tits were magnificent, rounded and large. Even laying on her back, her nipples pointed only slightly to the side, so firm were her tits. Her stomach was soft and womanly, and there between her legs was symmetry in perfection. Her pussy split asunder but hugging its companion, still engulfing my half-hard cock, .

Neither of us wanted it to end. I gently thrust into her, she gently thrust back. The afterglow was precious, and we shared in it by gazing lustfully into each other's eyes.

There was a bang outside which startled us from our dreaminess, and we both hastened back into our clothes. Whatever it was, after a few minutes of pretending we were back to our work, Jae came up behind me and grabbed at my cock. 

"You up for round two? That was great, but I could go again."

I wasn't so sure, and said so, then she said: "Let's see if I can help."

She knelt in front of me and gestured for me to drop my overalls again. She stroked my cock and took me into her mouth, gently bobbing up and down my length with her lips around my shaft, sucking at me, all the time cupping and squeezing my balls. She opened her blouse and I saw she hadn't put her bra back on.

After a few minutes I tried to lift her up to fuck her again, but she'd decided this was going to continue. She kept sucking my cock and I got so very turned on that I didn't want her to stop.

The warm wetness of Jae's mouth was the most perfect sensation I have ever felt. She never let up, keeping a steady rhythm with her mouth and gentle hand pressure on my balls. I whispered a warning that I was about to come, she kept me in her mouth until the last second, then aimed my cock at her perfect tits as I emptied my balls on them.

My jizz erupted in thick gobs, the first hit under her left breast, the second and third her right nipple, and the rest in between her tits.

I had never seen a sexier sight than my cum on Jae's tits. Except perhaps the look of triumph on her face as I exploded.

Seconds later, my senses returned and I said: "Shit Jae. You wanted more but I'm spent now. I don't have a 'round three' in me."

"That's OK," she replied. "Next time..."

I thought, 'Next time'? Oh man, there's going to be a next time!