 I want you.

Really. Interesting. How bad do you want it?

Really, really bad.

Oh yeah. Prove it.

How?

Come to me. Come and see me.

When?

As soon as you can.

That was how it all began, 8 lines of chat and a dare. I was on a flight to London. My life as I knew it was finished, the lover I’d left behind would soon forget me, and as the plane eased it’s way though cream clouds I began to panic.

This is crazy. What am I doing? I think I’ve really lost my mind

I don’t even know this man, really. We’ve never met in reality. 

Words on a screen, that’s all I know. Stupid. Stupid!

I put my journal down in my lap and reached in my purse for my compact. After an eight-hour flight I was not looking my best.

“Excuse me.” I interrupted the old woman seated next to me; she rolled her eyes as she swooped the deck of cards of her tray table in a huff. I gave my back to my fellow row companions, hitting knees and tumbling my way with apologies till I made it to the main isle. 

*****

I straightened my black stretchy dress with sweaty palms, smoothed back my raven locks with dewdrops of stale airplane water. In the mirror I began practicing my first ‘hello’ as I refreshed my make up.

“Hello.” Spoken with a raised eyebrow and a devilish grin.

“Hi There!” Said with a big smile and wide eyes.

“Hey.” Quiet like with a sly grin and followed up with a schoolgirl smile.

A touch of red lipstick added, I looked at myself for the last time. Everything in place, now I just needed the attitude to go with the look. I gave myself the standard pep talk.

You’re gorgeous; all eyes on you, all men want you. 

Look at those big brown fuck me eyes.

That little waist, and those hips that all the boys lust after.

I reached down my low-cut dress and lifted my breasts, pushing them a little more towards center to make them look all the more like irresistible cleavage in my dress that showed all curves.

“Let’s go get him!”

*****

Ping. Static.

“This is your Captain speaking. It’s about 5.12 local time in London. We’ll be touching down shortly, right on schedule. We hope you enjoyed your flight and will choose to fly with us again soon.”

This is it. No going back now. Am I nervous? Yes, definitely yes.

What if he doesn’t show? Then what? I should’ve booked a place.

I tapped my pen nervously on my armrest and much to the dismay of the lady to my side.

Fuck. I can’t believe I’m actually doing this.

I reached for a mint in my handbag and did one final make up check, clicking my compact shut, and closing my eyes to try and relax.

*****

“Excuse me, could you… um?” 

“Let me guess yours is the pink duffle bag, right?” The fair-haired man offered a warm smile and reached into the overhead compartment.

“Yeah. How’d you know?” I giggled nervously.

“Girly bag for a girly-girl,” He handed me my bag and brushed a few fingers over the top of my hand, “here you go.”

“Thanks.” My gaze wandered. I fell immediately shy and speechless.

“You staying in London long?” 

“Uh… I don’t know really.” I slung my bag over my shoulder and again smoothed my dress.

“Adventurous and beautiful as well,” he raked long fingers through fair hair, “perhaps we should share a taxi.”

I laughed. “Well, actually I’m meeting someone.”

“Well next time then.” Said with a wink as he nudged me forward, the line already moving out of the plane.

Side by side we walked as he told me of plans about seeing sights and letting me know where he’d be staying, “You know, just in case.”

“Well, bye then. Hope you have fun.” I waved and offered a glamorous smile.

“Good luck with your someone.”

*****

It was then that it hit me; in the terminal, after going through customs, I realized I had no idea what I’d be looking for. How did you dress? How would I find you in a crowd? We’d only exchanged photos a few times, and photos could be deceiving.

10 minutes passed, then 20. I propped myself up against a dirty white wall and flipped through my address book. At least I had your address. I knew where to find you, but I couldn’t just show up on your doorstep. What would I say?

I decided on making my way to the information booth straight in front of me when a hand covered my eyes and I was filled with a warm familiar tone of voice.

“Looking for someone?” Spoken softly.

“I thought you’d forgotten.” My bag slid off my shoulder onto the carpeted floor.

“How could I ever forget about you?” A chill ran down my spine as those words whispered in my ear.

“Are you gonna let me turn around so I can see you?” I giggled with excitement.

“Mmmm… no, but I’ve brought this for you.” The hand replaced with a plush velvet blindfold, “No peeking.”

I couldn’t see a thing. You wrapped your hand in mine and threw my bag over your shoulder.

“Where are we going?” I stepped carefully onto an escalator and felt us moving downwards.

“Home.” 

I still couldn’t believe that you and I were here, face to face at last. I had your hand in mine. Finally there was a physical form to all those letters and chats and phone calls.

*****

My heels crunched pavement as we trekked through what I was guessing to be the car park. With care you helped me into your car, the leather cold against my flesh.

“This is gonna sound weird. I know I can’t see anything, but I feel like I should be driving. Like, where’s the steering wheel?” I heard your low laugh. “I’m happy I finally made it.”

“I’m happy you’re here.”

“Really!”

“Yeah.”

I reached for your thigh and gave it a squeeze.

“Mmmmm.”

I giggled, “I love it when you do that.”

“I know.” Devilish you.

“I wish I could see where we were.” Pointlessly I turned my head to face the window.

“Not much to see,” I could here you switching gears, “its all dark right now.”

“I wish I could see you.” I moved my hand closer to your crotch, but your hand came over mine and stopped me.

“In time. We’re nearly home now.”

*****

We rounded a corner and the car came to a stop. I fumbled with the door handle and you laughed, “Stay there. I’ll come round and get you.”

You opened the back door to fetch my duffle bag and then helped me out of the car.

“Did I tell you that you look absolutely beautiful? I love that dress on you.” You shuffled me up to your front door, giving me directions, “Okay, step up, and again, there. Now let me find my keys.

The keys hit the lock and my heels clicked on hardwood. The door closed with the jangle of lock.

“Now can I take off the blindfold?” I pleaded like a child asking if we’d reached our final destination yet.

“Okay, one condition though.”

“Okay.” I reached blindly, trying to find you.

“You have to wait till I’ve left the room.”

“This is silly.” Briefly you held my hands in yours.

“Oh, you love it.” Your steps became distant and I heard a door click shut.

Candles everywhere. The entryway led to a sitting room just off to the right, where more candles glowed brightly and reflected off glass tables and hardwood floors. Cobalt blue walls, a cream chaise lounge, two comfy looking forest green chairs, and chess set by the window. 

“It’s beautiful!” I shouted as I fingered an angora throw that lay on the lounge. I marveled at high ceilings and pictures on the wall.

{Ring. Ring} my cell phone called to me from my handbag in the entryway.

‘Who the hell is that?’

“Hello?” My voice all California valley girl.

“So you like the house then?”

It was you.

“Uh… yeah, love the house.” I twirled a lock of hair and smiled, “where are you?” I walked around trying to hear from what room you were calling.

“In my office.”

“Where’s that?” Aimlessly I walked.

You laughed, “You have yet to see the best part of the house. Do you wanna see it?”

“Of course.”

“Good.” Your voice made me melt. Mysterious. A little devious, like you had something to hide.

“So where’s the best part?”

“Upstairs, of course.”

“Of course.” I mocked your accent. Steps creaked under my feet.

“At the top of the stairs, follow the hall all the way back, and you’ll see a door.”

“Okay,” I looked at framed photographs that covered the hall wall, pictures of you as a little boy, pictures of you in various ages and activities. “I’m here, now what? Are you in there?”

“Maybe.” You hung up.

My hot palm made it’s way down the ebony door, taking the knob in hand and turning it ever so slowly.

More candles greeted me along with a big beautiful oak four-poster bed that dominated the room. I looked lovingly at that bed, high off the floor, with too many pillows. Inviting. I hummed with delight and felt a kind of fever come over me, imagining all the things you and I were to do on that bed.

{Ring. Ring} “Yes.” I spoke lowly.

“You’re in.”

“Uh-huh.” I ran my fingers over the carvings in the wood, ran a hand over the feather down comforter, and unzipped my dress a little further as I made my way to the curtained window.

“Do you like the room?”

“Love it. Shhhh, do you hear that?”

“Hear what?”

I put the phone up to the zipper of my dress and followed it all the way down.

“That.” I giggled

You fell silent.

“I’m taking it off. My dress, it’s off one shoulder”, I switched the phone to my other hand, “now it’s off the other shoulder, I’m slowly peeling it off of me,” I paused for a tension filled moment, “and now it’s on your bedroom floor. That’s right, I’m only wearing my heels and black lace panties. Don’t you want to see?” I teased as I massaged a breast and watched my nipple harden under my own loving touch.

Heels clicked on hardwood as I made my way to the bed. I continued on, “I’m just gonna lay right here.” I patted the duvet nice and loud enough for you to hear. “I’m gonna lay right here half naked and wet and ready. You can come in whenever you’re ready.” 

{Click} I tossed the phone on a nearby chair and lay face down on the bed. Head to the side, legs parted just enough, arms outstretched. I hummed in satisfaction, reached up and fanned my hair out over the duvet.

The doorknob turned. I felt hot and in a fury of expectation. I wanted you. I needed you desperately inside me. I reached down to feel myself, running my fingers along my wet slit.

I felt your lips on my calves moving up behind my knees and finally making your way up my thighs. Big hands came round my hips and with utmost care I felt you sliding black lace panties off of me.

Your body covered mine. I felt your hot breath in my ear and my favorite, Mmmmm sound was accompanied with you putting yourself inside my wanting and wet pussy. I moaned and clutched hold of the duvet. Thrusts nice and slow, making me want you all the more. I seethed in ecstasy.

“Tell me you want me.” I whispered in-between moans. 

You gathered my hair in your hands and put your mouth to my ear. 

“Tiffany, I want you.” Your voice was deep and warm with desire.

I met your thrusts and soon my bottom was up and I was on hands and knees. My hair wound in your hand, you pulled my head up and back, as each thrust grew harder and faster. I felt a wave of heat come over me. My breath quickened, “Tell me something dirty…. I wanna hear you say something dirty. Please.” I begged.

You stopped, and again your mouth met my ear, “What do you want me to say?”

“Tell me you like fucking me. I’ll cum so hard if you tell me that.”

“Oh, I don’t know,” you teased and tortured me as my head fell to the pillow and you grabbed hold of my hips, “that’s really, really naughty.” You entered me quick and with such force that it nearly knocked me off my knees, again I clutched the duvet.

“Please.” I moaned for you. “Please.” I begged in my best little girl voice.

Your pace quickened. I felt you deep inside and could feel my orgasm building. I moaned and writhed under you, not being able to get enough. You delivered a light spank on my bottom and I felt your hot breath race along my back. You leaned in.

“I love fucking you.” Spoken with just the right inflection on my favorite dirty word, “I really, really love fucking you.”

“Ohhhhhhh God!” My hair stuck on my lips, I tried in vain to turn my head to look at you; I ached to see you. “Ohhhhhhh…. You’re gonna make me cum,” A loud grateful moan escaped my lips, “Make me cum… please!” I cried out for salvation, “Uhhhhhhh!” I moaned through pursed lips and fucked you back with all strength I had left. You thrusted deep and I could feel my pussy tighten around your cock. You held tight round my waist pushing yourself deeper and deeper until you pulled me towards you down hard on your cock. I felt you spend inside of me in one final thrust.

I nearly collapsed when you finally let go of me, and gave a sad cry when you pulled yourself out of me; I wanted more. Drunk on lust, my eyes fluttered, my face in a rosy blush. I dragged my sleepy head off the pillow, stroked your cheek, and met your gaze at last, “Blue eyes are my favorite.”