 Brooke is a 26 year old business analyst in my consulting firm. Kevin, a consultant in my firm is her boyfriend. Brooke and I began an affair more than a year ago. This is Part III of the on-going story of our affair, as it unfolded and as it continues now.  

Part III

A Year Earlier As usual I arrived at the office before anyone else. After turning on the lights in the high rise office suite and making coffee I settled at my desk and checked e-mail. As had become our habit I had an e-mail from Brooke written late last night in response to an e-mail I had sent her earlier yesterday. These e-mails had become a highlight of my day. 

Hi David, 

I like the thought of "inspiring" you with your wife. And a solo effort as well huh.... Glad I could be of help. 

OK, you asked me to tell you about the last time I flashed ...... First, I can't believe I am telling you this – but I want to tell you – I have to admit that it excites me a lot (intellectual flashing I guess). I realize I am going way out of bounds with what I am going to tell you but..... I think you have the same "tastes" as I do so I am taking a chance – I hope that is OK. 

OK, I do two kinds of flashing – one is where I "accidentally" let people see me and pretend to be unaware and the other is blatant flashing – where I make someone see me. The first I do by myself the second I usually do with someone (like Kevin). Here are the last times I flashed:

When I was in Seattle on business last week I went shopping at a mall and tried on a pair of jeans. At the shop I asked the guy at the counter where I would find my size and while he was looking to see if there were any in stock I noticed that all of the fitting rooms were visible from the counter – probably for security reasons. When I went in to try the jeans on I pulled the curtain of the fitting room only half way across the doorway and slipped out of my pants and while I was pulling up the jeans I saw the guy and a girl in the store both looking at me. I was turned to the side so they couldn't really see much but when I changed back to my pants my back was to them so they got a look at my bottom (I wear thong underwear – in case you were wondering). I bought the jeans by the way.

I am nervous about telling you the "other" kind of flashing but here goes – no boundaries. Kevin and I spent a weekend at a resort in Palm Springs about a month ago – the one you told us about in fact. He golfed and I did the spa stuff. Our room was on the second floor and overlooked the first hole of the golf course. One late afternoon Kevin and I were sitting on the balcony having a drink before we went out to eat. We were watching some of the golfers hit their second shots from the fairway in front of our balcony. There were trees growing on either side of the balcony so we were a bit secluded but one golfer's ball was right in front of us. Both Kevin and I were leaning against the railing as he walked up. He noticed us and smiled. Kevin said to be quiet so as not to distract him and then he moved behind me and pulled my top up above my boobs and pulled my shorts down my legs (no bra or underwear). 

I just stood there silently. Half of me hoping he would not look up and see me and the other half hoping he would. Kevin fixed that by spanking me – the slap got our golfer to look up. Then from behind me Kevin pulled me up straight and cupped my boobs and basically showed them to the guy. The guy took a long look and watched Kevin's hands roam all over me. When a ball from the golfers behind him landed near him he quickly hit his ball and watched us over his shoulder as he walked down the course. I wanted to do it on the balcony right then and there – and let him see that we were doing it - but Kevin insisted we go back into the room for more privacy. It excites Kevin to have people see me but I haven't talked him into exposing himself yet – but I will. 

So, those are my latest flashing episodes. Are you shocked and appalled? Shocked and excited I hope? Have a great day Boss! 

One week later...... I had completed a late dinner meeting with a client at the restaurant across the street from my offices and was walking back through the lobby of my building to pack up and go home for the evening. The lobby of the building includes several convenience shops, a dry cleaner and a fitness club. I was lost in my thoughts about the dinner meeting and the issues that needed to be address as I walked past the glass windows of the fitness club. The sound of someone tapping on the glass as I walked startled me from my thoughts. Looking up I saw Brooke smiling and waving from behind the glass. I returned her smile and waved as I walked to the elevators. Many of my employees were members of the club and I knew that both Brooke and her boyfriend Kevin (another of my employees) worked out frequently after work. 

I took the elevator up and walked past the vacated and dimly lit "cube-land" and walked into my office to grab some files and call it a night. As I was packing up I heard the suite doors open and saw Brooke bound into the office and make her way over to my door. She was wearing a tight fitting pair of black stretch pants and an oversized t-shirt. 

"Great you're still here. If you're leaving now can you walk me to my car?" she asked. 

"Sure" I said looking up as I packed my briefcase. "Just give me a minute and I'll be ready." 

"OK, I'm going to change – I'll be quick - and meet you at the door." She told me and was gone. 

In spite of our e-mails that included the intimate questions and revealing responses and few boundaries, our face to face interactions were remarkably professional. We were seldom alone together but on the few occasions where we were alone only very oblique references to our communications were made.  In no small part this was because I was her employer, I was almost twice her age and married and because her boyfriend also worked for me. I frequently stressed about the things I had told her through e-mail and was convinced that at some point this would all go very wrong. But the e-mails from Brooke were highly sexual, met needs we both had and, in short were addictive. 

With full briefcase in hand I flipped off the overhead light in my office as I made my way to the door of the office suite. As I approached the front door of the dimly lit lobby area I heard a noise from behind me and turned to see what it was. As my eyes scanned the cubicle area for the source of the noise a movement caught my eye in one of the cubes. Through the cubicle entry I could see Brooke bending over her bag. I had assumed that she was down the hall in the restroom changing and I would meet her outside by the main doors. As I was ready to call out to her that I was ready to go she stood and with her back to me pulled her oversized t-shirt over her head. I stood silently and watched in the dimness as she then pulled her sports bra over her head and put it with the t-shirt into her bag. I though momentarily about turning and calling to her that I would meet her outside but then she slid her tight sweat pants down revealing her bare ass – and I was in awe.  The perfect roundness of her bottom was staggering and I could only stare as she stepped out of the pants and was nude. Her toned and tight shoulders and back narrowed to a tiny waist and then flared at her hips and to that wonderful ass. I could only lean my back against the front office doors as I watched Brooke turn slowly around. I took in her small well-shaped breasts and in the dim light looked for and found only the narrowest strip of pubic hair. Brooke looked at me with only what I thought might have been the beginning of a slight smile. 

"Ready to go?" she asked. Her voice seemed out of place and jarred me back into the moment. Unable to say anything articulate I just stared back at her as she laughed and pulled a shirt over her head. Still nude from the waist down, she turned her back and reached into her bag and pulled out a folded pair of jeans. Shaking them out she again turned to face me and stepped into the pants and pulled them up watching me watch her. 

"OK, all ready." She said slipping into sandals, lifting her bag and walking toward me. I realized I was smiling like an idiot as I watched her walk toward me and with a great effort I turned to open the door for her. 

As she walked past me into the hallway she said with a grin "That was flashing type 1, in case you were wondering." 

Regaining a little composure and some of my verbal skills I said "That's exactly what I was wondering." I said and then added "I like it." as I watched her walk in front of me. 

"Good, you were supposed to." She said with a smile looking over her shoulder at me. 

One Month Later Our e-mail correspondence became even more intimate and focused over the weeks since Brooke had flashed me. It had all started when I overheard Brooke having phone sex with Kevin, and it was a conversation that I continually played over and over again in my head. Our e-mails had become specific enough to ask for details. 

Brooke, 

I am a little embarrassed to be curious but I keep meaning to ask you something. When I overheard you talking to Kevin that night you mentioned you wanted him to "finish" on his face. Can he, does he? Or is that something you just say to excite him – or to excite you?

David, 

So you're interested in my boyfriend's dick huh? Should I be jealous? (kidding) To answer your questions, I do say it to turn both he and I on, and yes, he can and does "finish" (as you so delicately put it) on his face. Want more information? OK, once when we were having phone sex he said he came and got some on his neck and chin. The thought turned me on a lot (and that's another story) but I assumed he was just exaggerating. I had never actually seen him come (he had always come in me or in my mouth). 

Anyway, the next time we were together I told him I wanted to watch him come so I got him off with my hand and when he came I pointed the stream toward his face. I remember the first shot went over his head but the next couple hit him right in the face. I think he was sort of embarrassed to have his come on his face but when I told him how much it turned me on he got over it pretty quickly. Now it's something we do every now and then and he actually likes it as much as I do. And to answer your un-asked questions... yes, he has come in his mouth and yes he does swallow his come. 

Does that turn you on David? I hope so.  You're now a very informed employer. 

Current Time I heard the quiet knock on the door of my hotel room and got up from my laptop where I had been writing a presentation for a client I was meeting in morning. I opened the door and let Brooke in. She leaned into me and kissed me pushing her tongue into my mouth and dueling with my tongue. She pulled away reluctantly. 

"I brought you a present." She said as she dropped her briefcase and bent over to search wiggling her ass for my benefit. Even encased in business-like black pants her ass was an amazing sight. 

"Here we go." She said standing up and brandishing a CD. "Bring your laptop over to the bed." She instructed and climbed onto the bed to wait for me. I brought the laptop over and sat next to her on the bed. 

"You're going to want to get undressed I think." she told me as she inserted the disk and positioned the screen. 

"What about you?" I asked as I did as instructed. 

"Later." was all she said as she watched me undress. 

Once nude I took my place on the bed and leaned back against the pillows. She turned to me and put her hand around my flaccid penis and leaned up to kiss me. 

"This is something we talk about all the time but I want you to see it." She stroked me a few times, hit the play button on my laptop and settled next to me and started slowly massaging my cock as the image appeared. 

It was a video of Brooke lying on a bed masturbating with a vibrator. As the video camera zoomed in on her pussy I could see that it was a life-like replica of a very large penis. Brooke was moaning in what I immediately recognized as her orgasm sounds. She continued to plunge the vibrator into her several more times before drawing the vibrator almost all the way out of her and slowly stroking it back in. 

"That's a big toy." I commented on the length and girth of the vibrator. 

"Just wait." she said smiling at me and bending forward to lick the head of my almost full erection. 

The video image abruptly went blank and just as abruptly jumped back on the screen. This time Kevin, Brooke's boyfriend and one of my top performing employees was lying on the bed. He was nude with his erection laying flat on his stomach and his balls bunched between his legs. 

"There's my boy." Brooke said looking up to see my reaction and again licking the head of my cock as she turned back to watch. 

Kevin's penis twitched a couple of times. I could here Brooke's voice from behind the camera telling him to "Stroke it baby." 

Kevin reached down and brought his cock upright. It was then that I got a sense for what Brooke had always said – Kevin was very big. 

Brooke looked up at me and grinned proudly. "That's why I call him Big Dick."

"Rightly so" I said very impressed. 

Kevin stroked his cock a couple of times with his left hand and then reached down with his right hand and gripped that shaft of his penis above his left hand – like he was hefting a baseball bat. An inch of his shaft and the head were still visible above his two fisted grip. He started masturbating with both hands, half sitting up to grip his monster. 

"That is so hot." Brooke commented as she continued to stroke my penis which now seemed tiny in comparison. "He looks like a porn star doesn't he?" Brooke asked rhetorically.  

"Bigger. He is huge" I acknowledged. "Have you measured him?"

"Of course I have - on our second date. He's just under nine and a half inches." She leaned forward and engulfed my cock in her mouth suddenly and just as quickly came off and continued stroking me. "Oh fuck" I said under my breath which got a giggle from Brooke. 

I could hear Brooke on the audio telling Kevin "jack it baby", "your cock looks so big" and "I love how you use both hands" "look at those big balls" and "You like people watching you jack off don't you" to which Kevin replied in a husky voice "Fuck yeah"

Kevin had spread his legs and was pummeling his cock with his fists. His balls were bouncing wildly as he half sat up and looked back into the camera. Brooke zoomed in on Kevin's cock, his hands blurring as he urgently masturbated. 

"Look at that big dick." Brooke said from behind the camera. 

The image jostled and lost focus and then steadied with Brooke now holding the camera from above Kevin standing on the bed between his legs. As she moved the camera a glimpse of her breast and pubic hair appeared. 

Brooke gripped my penis firmly forcing a clear drop to bead on the tip. She leaned forward and used her tongue to spread it and her saliva over the head of my cock. Then, almost painfully slowly she slid my cock into her mouth until I could feel the back of her mouth. Her shoulder length brown hair cascaded around her until she tucked it behind her ear. She held me there for a moment and then backed off as slowly. 

"Keep watching" Brooke instructed as she repeated taking me deep in her mouth and then slowly coming back up just to go down again. 

On screen Kevin continued his two fisted masturbation but it was clear by the grunts and frantic pumping of his hands that he was not going to last much longer. "Yeah, shoot for me baby" Brooke's voice boomed from behind the camera. "Think about me playing with my pussy while I watch this. Or maybe I'll show it to my girlfriends. C'mon. blow off for me." 

Kevin grunted several times and then stopped stroking his cock. "Fuck....." Kevin groaned as the first shot of semen arched above and past the camera's frame. Brooke zoomed out and panned down to capture spurt after spurt striping her breasts, stomach and thighs as she stood above Kevin's erupting penis. 

"Your face baby" Brooke yelled from behind the camera as she tried to capture each blast from Kevin who's supply of semen seemed endless. 

Kevin pointed his cock toward his chest and the next several spurts crossed his face and neck and chest. As I watched Kevin continue to come, Brooke was sucking my cock with greater speed and my own orgasm was nearly on me. Sensing that I was close she started to moan sending vibrations through my cock. 

On screen Brooke's hand appeared from behind the camera and gripped Kevin's cock and stroked slowly up over his head causing him to jerk in response and flop back on the bed exhausted. Brooke's disembodied voice again laughed. 

My own climax took me by surprise. The minute the image on the screen went black I arched my back and threw my head back into the pillow and started to come in Brooke's mouth. As I continued to come I looked down and watched her suck and swallow me. When I had finished she stroked my shaft and circled the head with her tongue watching me watch her. 

"That was amazing" I said as I recovered. 

"Not a bad blow job either huh." She smiled as she let go of my now limp cock and moved the laptop. 

"So you liked it? She asked, lying on her side next to me. "Was I exaggerating about the size of his cock?" 

"Not at all, he's got a monster. I really liked it." I told her honestly. 

"Do you want to see any other videos we make?" She asked

"Of course I do – silly girl. How about you sucking him off but where I can see him come in your mouth and riding his cock from behind." I requested.

"That can be arranged. Kevin's into the new video camera big time so I should have no problem." She smiled up at me "You are a dirty man – you pervert. I am so lucky to have found you."

She rested her head on my chest and was silent for a minute. 

"So Kevin's cock turns you on?" she asked without looking up. 

"It's weird but yes, it does." I confided

"Cool." She said simply and smiled in satisfaction. 

To be continued..........