 Part II

After having overheard one of my employees having phone sex with her boyfriend (another of my employees) and having received apologetic and then provocative e-mails from her, I went home to my wife. 

Later That Night

"So did you get turned on?" my wife asked as we lay in bed watching Letterman. 

"Yeah, kind of" I replied honestly. 

"Do you think she was playing with herself in her cube? God, what would the poor girl have done if she was and you had walked in?" she asked me as her hand brushed down my stomach and across my somewhat hard cock. "You like thinking about it don't you?" she kidded me taking hold and stroking a bit. 

"She's so young" I said as though that explained something. My wife lifted her leg up onto my stomach and reached around her back and between her legs to retrieve my cock. She began to rub the head up and down herself and over her clit. I became hard quickly. 

"You think she was talking to Kevin – he's a cute kid. I bet he got off on that. Tell me again what she said to him." My wife had now straddled me and inserted my cock into her wet pussy and was slowly gyrating her hips keeping me fully inserted but shifting my cock around inside her. She was lying on top of me with her face just under my chin. 

"Say it all again" she said 

"She told him that she liked to watch him play with his cock. And she asked him where he would want to come. She said that she liked it on her face but she would take his cock in her mouth when he started to come." My wife was now riding me, her hands on my chest and grinding her pussy on my cock which was in her deeper than I had felt in a long time. 

"Uhh... God, what else did she tell him?" she asked and started to move faster. Lifting about half way off my cock and slamming back down. 

"She asked him if his cock was red and slippery." I groaned as my wife continued to fuck me. 

"She told him to stroke the head of his cock even though he was really sensitive there. She asked him where his other hand was – at the base of his cock or holding his balls." 

"Uhh, fuck, keep going" my wife groaned as she bounced on my cock. 

"She said that she liked how big his cock was and liked watching him masturbate with two hands one above the other." 

"Fuck ......yes......" she groaned

"She said she told one of her girlfriends that he jacked off using both hands – that his cock was that big." I was now thrusting up to meet my wife's downward motions. 

"And she told him that he had the biggest cock of anyone she had ever fucked" I was holding my wife around the waist pushing her down on my cock as she continued to bounce. She pulled her pajama top over her head uncovering her large breasts which now bounced and swayed uncontrolled as she rode my cock. 

"Oh, fuck me...... I'm going to come." She threw her head back and exhaled sharply and clamped herself down on my cock. 

"Then she told him that she wanted him to come on his face. That she knew he could shoot that far and wanted him to get some of his come in his mouth........ ahh" I started to come and thrust up into her arching my back as I filled her. 

After several minutes of trying to catch our breath laying next to each other in silence my wife said "I wonder if we had a better time than they did?" 

The Next Day

I get to work very early – usually by 6:30 – to get a start on the day and spend some uninterrupted time on project management and oversight of our consulting engagements. On my drive in to work I was considering Brooke's e-mails and, of course the overheard conversation. I was admittedly very interested in the situation. Having the knowledge about Brooke's personal life – particularly her sex life - appealed to the voyeur in me. That she knew I had this knowledge appealed to another part of me – a part that I was not clear about. 

When I logged on I immediately went to Brooke's e-mails and re-read them. Then I addressed an e-mail to her company e-mail and composed a response. 

Brooke, 

Please do feel flattered – to be honest, overhearing your call - unintentional as it was - was the highlight of my day. And don't worry about crossing any lines I can take it - but thanks for the warning. 

David

I sent the e-mail before I had a chance to re-think it. 

The rest of the day was a blur, meetings with staff about projects, a new client and a dinner with a potential client. By the time I got home it was well after 10:00 in the evening and I was beat. I greeted my wife who was on the phone with her sister or a girlfriend and flopped down in my home office and flipped on the TV. 

Not having been in the office much of the day I moved over to my desk and logged into the company network to check my e-mail (I hate trying to read e-mail on my Blackberry). The usual project plans, approval requests, client challenges - they were all there but so was another e-mail from Brooke – again her home e-mail. I opened it right away.

David, 

Sorry I missed you today - I stopped by a couple of times to thank you for being so understanding about last nigh but you were out being the boss. I also wanted to tell you that I have not mentioned anything to who I was talking to on the phone (yes, it was Kevin) and I hope he does not have to find out. Can it be our secret (and your wife's – I assume that's who you were talking to)? 

And I am very glad that it was the highlight of your day (and night??). A little boundary pushing here but, I am finding it sort of exciting that you caught me.....after the initial mortification and suicidal thoughts wore off that is! (Probably too much information huh?)

OK, as you know I am in Seattle till the end of the week on the WMC project. I will catch up with you when I get back. I'll be checking voice mail and e-mail but feel free to e-mail me at this address about anything – I check it remotely. 

Have a good week. 

B.

I found that I was smiling as I completed reading Brooke's message. The innuendos, implied invitations and just plain flirtiness were everywhere in her message – and I liked it. She wanted me to keep her secret – understandable. Was she implying that she hoped overhearing her conversation had fueled sexual activity for me at home? If she only knew! And she was telling me that she was excited that I had heard her – and that she was thinking about it. And she was inviting me to e-mail her at home anytime – even though she had a company phone, cell phone and e-mail account that were the more appropriate avenues of contact. 

"What are you smiling about?" my wife asked as she looked into my office. 

"Oh nothing, just reading through e-mail." I told her as I logged off and came around the desk to give her a quick kiss and ask her how her day was. 

Later as my wife prepared for bed I returned to my home office and logged in and read Brooke's e-mail again. I hit REPLY to her personal e-mail and sat looking at the blank screen wondering where I was headed and what I really wanted to do. 

Brooke, 

No worries, I won't mention anything to Kevin (that would be an awkward conversation anyway). So it can be our secret – any other secrets you want to share? And yes, your conversation made my night too – a secret for us to keep.

As far as you finding it exciting that I caught you..... that's interesting and I understand – tell me what you find exciting about it (am I pushing boundaries now?). 

I hope your trip is going well. Call me if you need anything.

David

I hit send and went off to bed wondering what I was doing and just how unwise this would turn out to be. 

Current Time

My commute to the office is only about 30 miles but in LA that can be a 2 hour trip in traffic – 45 minutes early in the morning or late at night. As a result, I stay "in-town" at the hotel across the street on the night before an early meeting or if I have a late dinner meeting and have a quick turnaround the next morning. With the kids in their late teen years and home only to sleep and my wife's business travel it is a convenient and time saving way to manage the day. The nights that I stayed in town were the nights that Brooke frequently visited me. 

I was working on a proposal for a new client and was so absorbed that I only vaguely became aware of my cell phone ringing. 

Checking the caller ID and seeing it was Brooke I said "Hi" 

"Hello, I am on my way up. I brought some work files with me. Will you meet me at the elevator and help me carry stuff?" she asked. 

"Be right there" I said. I saved the proposal, grabbed the room key card and made my way out into the hallway. I stopped almost immediately as I looked at the open elevator at the end of the corridor. Holding the elevator door open, waiting for me to come out of the room was Brooke. When she saw me she emerged from the elevator and started to walk toward me down the hall wheeling her rolling briefcase behind her. She was wearing a long button up the front dress and heels – but there was not a single button in use and her dress was completely open and flowing behind her. She wore no underwear of any kind – her breasts with their hardening nipples and her tuft of pubic hair were on display. She covered the 60 feet of hallway making her way by dozens of doors that could potentially open at any moment without even a hint of hurry or concern. By the time she reached me we were both smiling broadly. 

"Glad to see me?" she asked and kissed me quickly on the lips in greeting. 

"Very glad." I responded scanning her body and pinching her nipple. 

"Can I come in or should we wait until someone sees me?" she asked in a way that gave me no indication of whether she was serious or joking. 

I stepped aside and let my hand wander behind her dress to her round ass as she walked past me into the room. I scanned the hall quickly and followed her into the room. 

Seeing my laptop on the desk she asked "Do you want to finish what you're working on or do you want to take a break?" She slipped off her dress and walked nude over to the slider and looked out into the dusk that was creeping up the hotel floor by floor. 

"I think I need a break." I replied sitting down on the bed and watching her magnificent bottom. Brooke turned and flopped down on the couch that was across from the foot of the bed. She brought one foot up on the couch and left the other on the floor, opening her legs she reclining and pinched her left nipple with her left hand. 

"Did you like me walking from the elevator exposed like that or were you worried about someone seeing me?" she asked. As she said this she moved her right hand between her legs and using her index finger slowly opened herself to touch her clitoris. She started to masturbate softly. 

"I was a little worried – but I got over it. It excited you didn't it?" I said watching her finger tenderly stroke her most sensitive spot. 

"Yeah." She said, voice now a little deeper and more breathy. "I wouldn't have minded someone coming out their door and seeing me - a guy on a business trip or a couple. I would have just smiled at them and kept walking to you. I wonder if later when they were back in their room they would talk about seeing me and get turned on and fuck - or if the guy would jack off as he thinks about seeing me." She was moving her finger faster now across her clit, her legs were spread wider and her left hand was cupping her entire breast. 

"I wonder if they would have thought I was a prostitute or something – here to be paid and fucked by you?" she went on masturbating faster and slouching down on the couch so her pussy was more open. Her eyes bore into me as I watched her. 

"If someone had seen me I would have come in here but propped the door open. They would have come to look in I am sure. Oh fuck." She said to herself as her hand moved faster and faster on her clit. 

"I would have taken my dress off and knelt in front of you, taken your cock out through your zipper so you are still dressed but I am totally nude. I would have sucked you as they watched – looking at them so they knew we were letting them watch us."

I could tell she was close to her climax. I stood up having to adjust my erection in my pants. I walked to the door of the room and looked back at her to see her eyes get big and her hand move even faster. She was now aggressively gripping her breasts. She turned and spread her legs even wider giving me a perfect view of her pussy. I reached for the door handle and swung the door open as I continued to watch her masturbate frantically. 

As I held the door open she looked from me to the open door and back again. She raised her bottom off the couch rubbing her clit and arched her back. She was completely open to any passerby in the corridor. She climaxed, her eyes wide open looking out the open door. 

"Oh fuck!" she yelled loud enough for anyone down the corridor to hear and sat down hard closing her eyes and slowly massaging her pussy. As I let the door close she smiled contentedly. 

"Uhm....., that felt good" she almost purred sinking back into the cushions of the couch and watching me as I walked over to stand in front of her. "I think you liked it too." She said reaching up and running her hand over the erection visible in my pants. 

"That was incredible – I love watching you masturbate." I told her lifting her hand and inserting her finger in my mouth to taste her. 

She stood up keeping her finger in my mouth and kissed me, her tongue pushing it's way into my mouth. She pulled her finger out and rubbed it up and down between our lips – the symbolism clear as we kissed with her finger between our dueling tongues. Her other hand kneaded my cock through my pants. 

A Year Earlier

I was in the office at my usual early hour and on a conference call with an east coast client. As I was listening to the meeting I perused my e-mail and saw that I had one from Brooke that she had sent at 1:00am this morning responding to my e-mail from 11:30 the night before. I smiled to myself and opened it immediately trying my best to follow the conversation on the phone as I read. 

David, 

I was so glad to see your e-mail. I am up late working and kept checking my e-mail hoping you would have time to get back to me. Thanks for not telling Kevin, he loves our little phone chats but would be horrified to know anyone knew about them – especially the boss. 

OK, now you have me REALLY excited knowing that I made your day AND your night. So hearing me talk to Kevin excited you? Was your wife the beneficiary or was it a solo effort (I am so brazen...) Anyway, I am pleased to help out in any way I can!

You asked me what is it about having you overhear my conversation that excites me? Where to begin......? It probably won't surprise you to know that I have some exhibitionism in me – so having you overhear me was kind of like letting you see down my top (although there's not much to see) or up my skirt. Or similar to the feeling I get from flashing someone. It's a combination of feeling vulnerable and in control at the same time. I like it!

But it's also that you were excited by what you heard (if I may be so bold as to presume – you did say what you heard was hot and it made your day and night!) – and for an exhibitionist it's all about the reaction we get. 

I hope I have not strayed too far out of bounds. But ask me more questions, I like this – I hope you do to. But now I have to go – have to call and have a chat with my boyfriend!

B.

I hit the reply button only vaguely aware of the conference call that was occurring. 

Wow, I loved your e-mail. To answer your first question, my wife was indeed the beneficiary and it was also a solo effort later (I too have boundary issues). So, flashing huh? Tell me about that....

And that was how it started. 

To be continued.........