 Present Time

My breathing was only beginning to slow as I lay back on the hotel room bed propped against a wad of pillows and watched Brooke bending over searching her purse for her cigarettes. She was nude and bending from the waist, her nearly perfect ass facing me and her cheeks framing her lips. As she stood up with her cigarettes she glanced over her shoulder and smiled knowing that her display had not gone unnoticed. 

I was aware of the sensation of my pooled semen slowly beginning to drip down my stomach but was too spent to find a towel in the bathroom. Instead I continued to marvel at the view of the young woman before me who had been my lover for close to a year now and was just slightly more than half my age. 

"When are you going to quit smoking?" I asked still a bit out of breath. 

"The day you leave your wife and marry me." She responded quickly – as always with a bit of challenge to her voice. She smiled and raised her eyebrows to confirm that she was joking as she pulled on my suit jacket which had been hanging on the back of a chair. She was engulfed in the jacket which covered her to mid thigh. 

"Can you spend the night?" I asked knowing that it was unlikely. 

"No, my significant other knows I am working late but expects me home tonight." She said

"And how is – what's his name?" I asked knowing full well his name was Kevin.

"Big dick – his name is big dick – for obvious reasons. He is – well, big and hard and throbbing....as you would expect." 

"Good to know" I said watching her laugh as she opened the slider door to the balcony and disappeared into the night until her lighter flared to light her cigarette. 

Brooke made me feel both young and old. Observing her life and her youth made me feel every bit my age but knowing that somehow (much to my astonishment ) this young woman found me sexually attractive made me feel so young. 

Minutes later as I was standing in the shower under the warm water my thoughts were interrupted by a draft of cool air. Brooke's arms encircled my waist in a hug from behind. Her hands quickly made their way down my stomach. Her right hand gripped my cock and her left cupped my balls. 

"Are you ready for a little more?" she asked as she pressed against me from behind and massaged my still soft cock. 

"We'll see." I said as I turned to her and put my hands around her and slid my hands down her back to cup her ass. She continued to stroke my cock as she turned her head up to me to push her tongue into my mouth. I could taste the mint she had taken to reduce the tobacco taste – she is always thoughtful. 

"When's the last time you had sex with your wife in the shower?" she asked after breaking our kiss. 

"Hmm" I thought out loud not able to remember the last time. "How about you?"

"Sex with your wife? Uhhh" She joked "Actually, Big Dick and I did it this morning." She smiled knowing how much I enjoyed hearing about her love life with her boyfriend. My penis began to enlarge in her hands, in part because of her stroking but also in anticipation of hearing her tell me more. 

"I got up to go to the bathroom this morning and I could see him in the shower. He was sitting on the bench seat letting the water hit him in the chest while he played with himself. I went into the bathroom and I guess he heard me because when I came out and looked over he was standing right next to the shower door so I could see him and he was really pumping away on his cock."

I was now completely erect and slowly pushing my cock through Brooke's hand and against her wet stomach. I was holding her ass in my hands and pulling her to me as the water beat down on us. 

"I was still tired and wanted to go back to bed but I knew he would come to the side of the bed and masturbate over me – probably try to put his cock in my mouth. So, I walked to the shower door and pulled up my t-shirt so he could see me. He started stroking himself even faster. I turned around to show him my ass and pushed it up against the glass right in front of his cock."

The pre-cum from my cock had now made the head of my cock slide in Brooke's fist and against her stomach. I was fucking her hand as she looked up at me and talked loudly enough to be heard over the stream of the shower. 

"By now I was awake and excited so I opened the shower door and asked if he needed help. I knew he was pretty close to coming - like you are now - so I sat on the bench in front of him, grabbed his balls in one hand, circled the base of his dick with the other and opened my mouth. He took a step forward and pumped my mouth. It didn't take long for him to come."

I was very close to coming and Brooke knew it and had tightened her grip on my cock keeping it from sliding through her hand to rub against her stomach. Instead the friction was just on the head within her palm and driving me to desperately thrust against her. 

"You going to come for me?" she asked smiling up at me, her face wet and skin shining. 

"Yes" I gasped, "let me come" 

"He loves to watch himself shoot, and since we were in the shower I pulled him out of my mouth when I first tasted his come and let him spray my little tits and face." She continued as she loosened her grip on my cock enough to let me slide through and start to come. 

"I jacked him really fast including up over the head where he is so sensitive. He just kept moaning "fuck, fuck, fuck" as his come shot all over me. Like your come is now." She looked down to watch my come flood through her hand and spurt between us. 

I almost fell over from the force of my orgasm causing Brooke to laugh I moved under the shower head and leaned my back against the wall letting the water hit her full in the face – causing us both to laugh. I leaned there for a minute and watched as she let the spray wash my semen from her hands, breasts and stomach. I loved her body – small breasts completely tanned, almost shaved clean wedge of pubic hair and one of the roundest most perfectly shaped bottoms I had ever seen – set off by a thong tan line. 

At 25 years old, fresh out of graduate school with an MBA I had hired Brooke as an entry level business analyst in my consulting firm. I had teamed her with Kevin, a 28 year old junior consultant who acted as project manager. Brooke had gotten along with him well and within 2 months they were dating and living together 6 months after that. By all accounts they were a "very cute couple." My feeling was that they were not only a cute couple but two of the brightest people I had ever met. 

Brooke and I had become lovers about 6 months after she joined the firm – several months after she and Kevin had developed their relationship and a couple of months prior to her decision to move in with Kevin. 

Brooke was in love with Kevin and in "severe like" with me as she said on the numerous occasions when I asked how she would characterize our relationship. While I found her adorably endearing and incredibly attractive there was more - for both of us. As Brooke put it, we were attracted to each other "because it's wrong – on so many levels." Older man, younger woman, employer, employee, infidelity...... 

But it was more than inappropriate behavior on our parts that brought us together and kept us linked. It was the need to know and share secrets, have knowledge we should not have and articulate thoughts we should not spreak. 

One Year Earlier

My trip to Seattle had gone well. So well in fact, that I was able to return home a day earlier than I had planned. I was on an evening flight back to LA rather than a noon flight the following day. Landing at 8:30 I decided to stop by the office on my way home for a few minutes to catch up on e-mail. I greeted the security guard at the desk and signed in since it was after hours and took the elevator to the 17th floor where our office suites were located. 

I unlocked the suite doors and let myself in and walked to my office passing the conference room and entered "cube-land" the area that belonged to the 36 analysts, project managers and consultants that comprised my firm. One cubicle in the middle of the group radiated light onto the ceiling in what was otherwise a darkened office. As I made my way over to say hello and "way-to-go" to whoever was working late I realized that it was Brooke, a relatively new analyst. Hearing that she was on the phone I started to turn away to go into my office rather than interrupt her call. 

Even before I heard her words it was the tone of her voice that made me pause and stop to listen. Her voice was low and hushed despite her being alone in the office. I stopped and strained to hear the words.

"Where would you want to come? Uhm, you like to watch yourself shoot..... so do I. You come so much... you would cover my face. But I would open my mouth and swallow as much as I could. Ohhh, I wish I were there to watch you play with your cock. I love watching you, watching your cock. Is it really red? Is the head wet and slippery..... ummm I like that?"

I was frozen listening to her. I knew I should quickly move away but part of me wanted to peek into her cubicle to see if she was masturbating with whoever she was talking to – I assumed it to be Kevin. All I could do was stand still for fear of making a noise and alerting her to my eavesdropping – and continue to listen.

"Uhmm, you have to go over the head. You love that – that's what I would be doing to you. I know it's sensitive but that's why you do it. Is your other hand around the base? Oh, I like that. I told Karen that your cock was so big you used both hands around the shaft when you jack off. I did. She said she couldn't believe I was telling her – but she said she'd like to see that. Yes, I've told you, you have the biggest dick of anyone I have ever been with." 

I was virtually rooted to the floor outside Brooke's cube afraid to move and leave but desperate to stay and listen.

"OK, I want you to slow down so you shoot really far. You know what I want – please – do it for me, please, shoot it on your face. I know you can shoot that far, please. Oh fuck that turns me on to think of you coming on your face, getting some of your come in your mouth – watching it shoot that far. You can do it baby, shoot. Oh, yeah, that sounds so good, yeah baby...keep coming......"

Finally, the fear of being discovered as an eavesdropper and pervert took hold and I silently made my way away from her cube and to my office. Once inside I closed the door without shutting it to avoid making and noise and took a long breath as I fell into the chair behind my desk. I realized two things almost immediately; that I had been holding my breath the whole time and was winded and that I was hard as a rock. 

As I was trying to calm my heart rate and focus on what I had come to the office for my cell phone rang. The caller ID told me it was my wife. 

"Hi" I said as I leaned back in my chair and swiveled to the side to take in the view of LA from the 17th floor. 

"Hey, where are you?" she asked. I had told her that I was flying in early but had not yet called to tell her I was going to stop at the office on my way home. 

"I am here at the office – I just wanted to return a few e-mails and grab a file or two. I should be home in 30-40 minutes." 

We talked for a while about her work day, the kids – one a senior in college and the other a senior in high school – and household issues. When we had caught up on each others days and were just about to say goodbye I said "Guess what. When I came into the office tonight I walked in on one of the analysts having a phone sex conversation."

"You're kidding!" my wife blurted out – the smile apparent in her voice. "Who was it?"

"Brooke - the new business analyst. I was going to go over and see who was working so late and then I heard what she was saying. I assume she was talking to Kevin – you know they are together."

"Yeah, wow, what did she say? Was she masturbating right there in the office?" my wife asked. 

"I don't know – I didn't look into her cube. She was just kind of urging him on, telling him what she wanted him to do – that kind of stuff." I told her in general terms. 

"OK, so you'll have to give me the blow by blow tonight?" she asked. 

I laughed a little surprised that her interest matched my own. "Yeah, I'll tell you word for word what I heard her saying – it was pretty hot. "

I rotated back toward my desk as our conversation approached it's end. As I did I glanced up to see Brooke standing in my doorway with her hand covering her mouth and her eyes matching any dear in the headlight look I had ever seen. She looked absolutely stricken. I stared blankly back at Brooke wondering how much of my conversation she had heard. 

Lowering her hand from her mouth she started to speak but no words formed. Instead she turned abruptly and left my office disappearing into the dark office suite. 

"Oh, yeah, see you in a bit." I said into the phone to my wife who had said goodbye and was hanging up. I put the cell phone on the desk and started to assess how bad things were. I had to assume Brooke had heard me telling me wife about my overheard conversation – would she be made? Did she have any right to be mad? After all, she was my employee and it was my office. But then again it was after hours and she did not expect me to come into the office. Was she offended – did she think I was some eavesdropping pervert – was I? Was some disciplinary action warranted – should I tell my HR Director? Should I just minimize the whole event so we can move on?

All of this was swirling in my mind but I decided the best course of action was the last – to move past it as no big deal. I decided to get the embarrassment over with and went out to discuss the situation with Brooke. As I approached I saw that the lights in her cubicle no longer lit the ceiling. When I got to her cube door I called her name careful not to appear lurking but when I looked in her cube was dark and empty. She had apparently left immediately after hearing me on the phone. 

I went back to my office and worked for about 45 minutes. I was distracted and kept replaying Brooke's words over in my mind. I tried to focus on replying to some of the more urgent e-mails and reviewing project plans from teams that needed to go to clients the next day. Finally, I decided that I was not going to get Brooke's conversation out of my mind so I started to pack up to head home. As I was getting ready to leave I was surprised to hear my e-mail alert notify me that an e-mail had come in. The message was from Brooke but from a personal e-mail account and not from her company address. I opened it and read the brief message. 

David, 

I am so embarrassed and ashamed. I don't know what to do other than apologize. I hope this does not threaten my position. And I am so sorry if I have let you down or offended you. 

Brooke

I re-read her message a couple of times and sat back with some relief. She was not mad and did not appear to feel her privacy had been violated. She had reacted frankly as I had hoped she would which would make the whole thing easier to forget. I responded:

Brooke, 

First, let me apologize for walking into a personal conversation –it was completely unintentional. Secondly, don't be concerned for your position - at all. In my mind this is not a big deal and does not need to be discussed again. Besides, from what I heard you showed a lot of creativity which we value highly here. See you tomorrow – business as usual.

David

I sent the message and immediately regretted the comment about creativity. But, I wanted to make light of the situation as best I could. I continued to put papers into my briefcase preparing to get home and relax. Again, the e-mail alert sounded - another message from Brooke. 

I am so relieved I can't tell you! Thank you so much for being understanding. And I always try to be creative! See you tomorrow. 

Brooke

P.S. I heard you say on the phone that you thought it was hot. Is it OK for me to feel flattered? 

I smiled as I read the message. I had always found Brooke to be very attractive but also very engaging in a joking way – a combination that would make her very successful in a consulting career. I started to reply when another message popped up. 

Stop me if I cross the line (any line) - you know first hand now that I have boundary issues! Have a good night – don't tell all my secrets.

B.

After my third reading I sat back not sure what to think much less respond. I wanted to respond but was not sure what to respond to. I was intrigued – by both her boundary reference and her comment about not telling all her secrets – to my wife I assumed. Was I reading too much into her message? Why was I so intrigued? In lieu of knowing what to do I did nothing and went home. 

To be continued.....