 How the heck had I let myself get into this situation? Here I was, lying on my back on the bed, my legs and hands stretched out to the four corners, firmly tied to them, and a very dark blindfold over my eyes.

Who was I kidding? I knew the answer. As part of our fantasy play, I had originally tied you to the bed, then gently teased you, made love to you as you waited, never knowing what I was going to do next. As you had indicated, turnabout was fair play, though I knew in my heart I would never be as comfortable with it as you were. Still, I had said it could happen, and trusted you, so here I was.

You had clearly been enjoying yourself as you tied me to the bed, humming softly as you did. Once tied and firmly blindfolded, you had taken lots of time to pleasure me. And pleasure me you did, stroking me gently, kissing me from top to toe (and toe to top, for that matter), massaging me with a lovely scented massage oil, running your boobs over my body, draping them into my mouth where I could lick and suck. Then you had enjoyed my cock and balls, kissing, licking then sucking into my mouth. I could feel your head bobbing on me, your mouth drawing me in. It was heavenly!

Each time, as I came close to cumming, you stopped, withdrew, left me to cool down, then returned to continue the tantalizing torture.

I felt you climb back on the bed, then straddle my head, and lower yourself onto my face. I loved the scent, the taste of your cunt as my tongue reached out to lick and probe. I felt you grind your cunt against my waiting mouth.

Then you leaned forward, took hold of my cock, draped your boobs down on me, and began to kiss, lick, suck my cock into your mouth.

You kept that up for a while, bringing me close to cumming, then stopping, playing with my balls, and beginning again.

Then I felt you stop, rise up. I could feel your one hand remain on my cock, keeping it erect between your fingers.

Suddenly, another motion. Another person was climbing on to the bed! I panicked! What? Who? I tried to remember that I trusted you completely. I don't know if I was successful or not. I likely wasn't.

Legs settled on either side of my hips, and I felt a hot, wet cunt slide down onto my cock. Oh God! I was suddenly sucking and fucking simultaneously, the cunt riding my cock up and down, up and down, pounding down on me, grinding onto my pubic bone, riding me hard. I moaned. My arms and legs still bound, I could only raise my hips and head.

My mind was in a whirl. Who was this second woman? Did I know her? Who was fucking my face and who my cock? I had thought it was you on my face, but I couldn't imagine you allowing someone else to actually fuck me while you looked on. So had another woman begun on my face, draped her boobs down on me, sucked my cock while you watched? Had you then climbed on, mounted me, and begun to fuck me with wild abandon? I didn't have a clue. All I knew was that I was being thoroughly and completely fucked in a way I could never have thought would actually happen. Fantasy, yes, but reality?

I wanted desperately to be free of the bindings, to hold hips, to reach up to grab and squeeze tits, twist, tug. Were the two of you focused on fucking me? Or were you at the same time exploring each other, pleasuring and taking pleasure in each other? My face flooded with pussy juice, my blindfolded eyes pressed against arse, I could see nothing, only feel. And that gave nothing away.

Then I erupted, exploding into that hot wet cunt enveloping my cock. My back arched. I thrust upward, emptying myself. I could feel my cock being sucked, hard, drained of every drop.

At the same time, I felt the body on my face suddenly shake, cuming, cumming, cumming. My face was flooded with pussy juice, sweet, liquid lust. Lower down I felt that body, too, explode, grinding, riding my cock hard as she came. I heard moans and groans as orgasmic pleasure overtook all of us.

Then I felt both bodies stop, fall to the side, exhausted. There was movement, then hands undid the cloths that bound me, then my blindfold. I could now see both you and the other, attractive dark-haired woman with full, firm boobs, though I didn't recognize her. She remained a complete mystery to me. Nor could I tell, from your positions, who had been on me where.

I lay there, drained not only of cum but of all energy. I couldn't move, could only lie there and rest.

You were both exhausted too, but somehow energized.

I wanted to reach out to you both, to stroke your bodies, cup your boobs (all four of them!), revel in the feel of your skin. But she had other plans.

She moved around to lie on her side with her head close to yours, her feet stretched out in the opposite direction. She reached out slightly, held your face, then leaned in to kiss your lips, very gently. A light kiss, then a stronger one. Then I saw her tongue protrude, lick your lips. Yours opened and you responded to her, kissing her gently, your tongues beginning to dance together, mouths reaching for each other.

She rolled over on her back, then reached up to roll you onto your front, pulling you over her, lips to lips. Again she kissed, probed your mouth. You kissed each other, gently at first, then more strongly, your passion building.

Then she pulled you down her body, her mouth opening and reaching out for your boob which was now sliding down her forehead, over her eyes, along her nose and draping down into her mouth. She sucked it in, lightly nipping at your nipple.

At the same time, your mouth was suspended over her boob, her nipple hard in front of you. You hesitated, then touched it with your tongue. Running your tongue around her nipple, you opened your mouth, took her nipple inside, and sucked lightly. She began to suck your boob. In response you opened wide to suck as much of her into your mouth as you could, then sucked, hard!

While this was a new experience for you, it was obvious to me you were enjoying it immensely, were lost in the taste and texture of her tit.

Both of you sucked hungrily, mouths moving around each other's boobs, until she moved you over to get access to your other boob. And that, of course, gave you access to hers as well. Moaning, you sucked it in, while your hand remained on the first one, holding, squeezing, feeling its firm softness.

Now she moved you further down, kissing your stomach as she went, and you kissing hers. Your hands reached out and gripped her hips as you pulled yourself inexorably down, down. She, meanwhile, was reaching for your cunt, her tongue stretched out, her face aglow with lust.

Reaching there, she touched your lips, licked, stroked, again. Her hands went around your hips, your arse, and firmly pulled your cunt down onto her waiting, kissing, licking sucking mouth.

Then one hand reached out and pushed your face into hers. It was smoothly shaven, and your lips pressed against warm, soft flesh. Your tongue, too, flicked out, licked once, stopped. Then suddenly you were pressing, licking, probing, devouring! One hand reached back to cup a boob, squeeze it, revel in it. The other gripped her arse as to pull it closer to you.

Both of you were embraced in a passionate, lusty 69, and clearly enjoying it!

You brought both hands around her legs, gripped her arse. Your eyes opened, and you saw and felt the pucker of her anus. Your finger pressed it lightly, stayed there a moment. You paused, unsure what to do. 

Her arse wiggled under you. That seemed to make up your mind. You opened your mouth, grasped her clit between your lips, and sucked, hard. Her body shuddered, her hips rose - and you pressed your finger into her arse.

You were rewarded with her immediate orgasm, exploding through her body, her cunt drenching your face. She clearly enjoyed it as much as you did when I did that to you!

Her legs opened wide, closed, opened again, closed again, gripping your head furiously as orgasmic spasms racked her body.

I looked up to where her mouth was still clamped to your cunt, still sucking, moaning. Her hands were fastened to your arse, her fingers fiercely digging in to your cheeks, pulling them apart. In the throes of her own orgasm, she continued to eat you, fully and completely!

Having rested a bit, I got up and moved behind you, watching in fascination as she devoured you. I was once again erect.

She saw me standing there, with my cock at full length, hard. Releasing her mouth from your cunt, she gazed at it, as though she wanted to take me in. That lasted only a moment, then she looked into my eyes, tapped your anus with her finger, and mouthed the words "Fuck her arse."

I shuddered, pulled back. I couldn't bear the thought of hurting you, couldn't bring myself to do it, much as we had talked about it and in a way I wanted to.

I looked down at her. She grinned, mouthed "She'll love it!" Then she reached out, took hold of my cock, and pulled me close.

I decided I would try. But first I needed to make sure I was well lubricated. I reached for the "Play" lube, and liberally coated my cock with it, making sure my hand slid up and down it easily.

That done, I positioned my cock at your anus, not quite touching. She gripped your cheeks, opened her mouth, and slid her tongue down your lips. Reaching your clit, she suddenly clamped her lips on to it, and sucked, hard. You shuddered, and an orgasm ripped through you.

As the first wave of your orgasm subsided, she gripped your arse cheeks and pulled them apart, opening you to me. I pressed against your anus, and pushed forward, the head of my cock sliding inside.

I heard a muffled gasp from you. I stopped, waited. Had I hurt you? I hoped not. Then you relaxed, and I felt you push back against me. I pushed forward, slowly, slowly. I pushed in a bit more, then partially withdrew. I heard you moan, as though disappointed. I stopped, pressed in again, deeper this time. Your moan changed to one of satisfaction. I repeated the out and in motion again and again, sliding a bit further in each time. Your arse held me tight, gripping my cock, pulling me deep inside.

Finally I felt myself press against your cheeks. My cock was now as fully embedded in your arse as I could go. I stopped, waited, as much to control my own desire to cum as anything else.

Suddenly I felt, from below, lips kissing my balls, capturing them, as the woman below us sucked my balls into her mouth, then released them.

Her hands reach back, gripped my hips, and began moving me back and forth, in and out, in and out, in and out.

Suddenly I heard, from between her legs, the urgent words "Fuck my arse. Fuck it hard!"

I needed no further instructions. I was beyond thought, beyond rationality. I had become totally automatic in my actions and reactions. I held your hips, pulled back, then rammed myself into your arse. Again and I again, I withdrew, thrust forward again.

The woman below us continued her assault on your cunt, kissing, licking, clamping on to your clit and sucking sucking sucking.

One of her hands reached down to push your head between her legs, your mouth onto her cunt. Her legs opened and closed, releasing and gripping your head.

I wanted to hold your hips, your tits, her tits, all of them at once. I wanted to hold and squeeze and pull and... Oh God! And I wanted to fuck and fuck and fuck.

I felt both of you, and especially you, having one earth-shattering orgasm after another, both your bodies shaking, rocking. Suddenly I could hold on no longer, and I felt myself going into total spasm. Thrusting forward, ramming your arse hard, I erupted, emptying myself once again.

I held myself there as long as I could, then collapsed on top of you on top of her. My hands went around, found all your boobs, reveled in the joyous soft firmness of them.

Finally I felt myself shrink withdraw, pull out of you. I rolled to the side, unable to move another muscle. I was so far gone I couldn't keep my eyes open. Try as I might to not let it happen, I drifted off to sleep, spent.

When I woke, we were alone. You were lying there beside me, your head on my shoulder, boob on my chest, your leg draped over me, your cunt against my leg.

You looked at me, somewhat questioning, and said "Happy?"

I said "Yes," and held you close. 

"Good," you said, and hugged me. "I am too." And with that, we both slipped off to sleep again.