 Before, it was always the same routine. Go into the chat room and hang out for awhile, play a couple card games, and then go about my work. I never knew it would become an addiction....

Now I find myself logging on whenever I have spare time, staying up until all hours of the night. I never used to be so easily corruptible. I hope for a message from him, the man who promises to show me what I've been missing. He usually has a saucy, racy message waiting for me when I log on, and tonight was no different....

I went into the now familiar chat room and a message flashed across my screen. "Wake up little school girl....cum out to play." 

Grinning, I looked at the list of names at the bottom of the window and located him. Completely forgetting about the game for the moment, I messaged him first. "I'm up. Did you have fun without me last night?" 

It took a moment before he responded with, "Ohhhh yeah. Where were ya hidin' last night?"

"I was hidin' in your bed, but you were too busy in the chat room, so I got bored and left. Don't tell me you didn't even know!" I replied sarcastically.

"I didn't know....why didn't you tell me?"

"Because I was having too much fun with me, myself and I. You should have been there.....it was a regular ménage à trois. Ya coulda taken pictures for cryin' out loud!"

I was greeted by laughter across the screen. He thinks I'm joking? Ah well....might as well play along....

Inevitably the conversation became more and more sensual. But I always flirted outrageously with him. Who could blame him for following my lead? I was looking at online displays of thoroughly revealing lingerie and suddenly blurted out, "So what qualities about women drive you wild?"

"Well, she'd definitely have to have a kinky side," he said.

"Done, and that's 2 points for me. Next?"

"It helps if she's a little bit exhibitionist, a little bit school girl, a little bit naughty, and a whole lotta sexy..."

"And I'm not???" I feigned pouting to see what he'd say.

"You've definitely got a great body....tits just the way I like them, nice and big....nice legs, great ass....." he commented.

"Awww....you tryin' to seduce me now?" I teased.

"Depends.....do you want to be seduced?"

His question caught me a little off guard. I'd never behaved so outrageously flirtatious with a strange man before, and I was intrigued. Cybering was something that I'd never done, but neither did I hold the typical prejudices that only computer nerds used it to get off. Still, the prospect intrigued me.....he seemed to take me for exactly what I am...a huge flirt who's extremely sarcastic, works hard, and takes care of her body. My pleasure really lies in making people laugh, and in turning people on.

I didn't know how to respond to his question. How far would this go? How far was I willing to play this out? It was obvious that my body didn't need words to respond to his simple question. It was urging me to do something, and quickly...

I finally decided to play along to see where this little game would take me. 

"So what if I said I wanted to be seduced? What would you do about it through the computer screen?"

It took a few minutes before his reply came.

"You know.....chatting isn't the only way I can get to know you..."

"What are you suggesting, darlin?" I queried.

"I'm saying I would love to hear you come."

"How are you gonna hear me?" I asked curiously.

"What would you say if I told you I wanted to call you and bring you to orgasm over and over again?"

"I'd say you're ahead of most of the men with that bring me to orgasm over and over part! Hehehehe...." I teased. I was still curious to see if he was joking.

"I want to hear you come and know you're playing with yourself because of my voice," he said.

"You really want to?" I asked. It was suddenly so warm in the room that it was unbearable. Millions of thoughts raced through my mind.....would I really go through with this?

"I want to hear you. I'm so turned on, like I am every time I talk to you. The only thing better than imagining you stroking my cock when I beat off at night would be hearing you telling me you're stroking me. And the best thing of all would be if you were here so I could tease you and please you...."

I was getting more and more wet by the moment. I weighed the decision in my mind. It didn't take me long to decide. Well, I rationalized....he turns me on as much as he says I make him hot. I'm so hot right now that I'll wind up bringing myself to orgasm. I might as well find out what it feels like to have an audience....

I debated about whether or not it was smart to give my "teacher" my telephone number. I soon got over the fear and quickly typed my number into the small window before I could change my mind. 

"Are you from Texas?" flashed across the screen.

I figured he'd already be on his way to the phone, and had almost closed the window as the message popped up. Feeling a little paranoid, I answered yes.

"Houston?"

"Ummm...yeah. How did you guess?" I queried.

"Same area code as me. Still want me to call?"

As I tried to figure out whether that was an invitation or not, the phone rang. I picked up and answered quietly...

"Hello?"

I was greeted by a deep masculine voice with that husky edge that comes on only with arousal.

"Hey little school girl. What are you wearing for your teacher today?"

"Is it really you?" I asked, a little stunned.

"What do you think? Don't ask any questions until you answer the question correctly," he commanded.

"I'm wearing a t-shirt and jeans," I said slowly.

"Why? Take those off baby. Do it now."

I slowly stripped out of my clothes. I noticed as my hands slid over my smooth skin how hot I felt to the touch. My skin was flushed and I was already breathing heavily. When I was down to my lacy bra and g-string (since I always believe in wearing sexy underwear no matter what you may be wearing), I picked the phone up again. It was about that time that I noticed he wasn't online. Good, I thought to myself. His attention is focused on me tonight.

"Are you undressed?"

"I took off everything except my bra and panties," I replied.

"Let me take those off for you...I'd use my teeth and touch you all over."

I sighed huskily. He knew exactly where I wanted this to go. I slowly peeled my undergarments off my body and let out a soft moan. His moan told me that he had long since undressed.

"I've dreamed of those luscious tits for weeks now. Touch them for me and tell me how good they feel..." he demanded.

Shyly I touched my own breasts, feeling as if I were being watched. It was an unfamiliar but not unpleasant experience. I took a deep breath, and at the same time heard a strange noise on his end of the line. It sounded like a door shutting.

"Do you have company?" I asked.

"No. Are you touching your tits? Are you feeling my tongue flicking them up and down, licking all over them, making you squirm?"

As I touched myself, I leaned back, propping the phone up to my ear, and closing my eyes. As my cool hands glided over my skin, I felt goose bumps race across the flesh of my stomach and arms. I could not help my self and let my hands roam all over my body. 

I sighed heavily and groaned. It's been such a long time....don't tease me so...

I started to speak, but his voice came on.

"My cock is nice and hard for you. I bet there are quite a few things you could think of to get me off. Would you suck me? Let me fuck your pretty tits? Where do you want me?" he rasped.

"I want you deep inside me. It's been so long...I need a good hard dick. I need your fingers and your tongue. Show me how a woman should be pleased," I begged.

"Not just yet baby, I want to taste you first." 

More strange background noise, but I was too involved to do more than notice it. I didn't give it a second thought. I closed my eyes as my hands roamed over my stomach....around my breasts....onto my thighs....

And suddenly there was a knock at the door.

"Fuck. Hold on a minute baby. Someone's at the door."

Extremely annoyed, I wrapped a robe around my naked body and stalked off to the front door. When I opened it, I was greeted by a familiar voice.

"Hello little school girl," he said to me, face to face. I was too stunned to do more than blink. He strolled into the house, hanging up his cell phone, and gently closed the door behind him, making sure it was locked.

"What? How...you...? How'd you find out where I live?" I asked, panicking.

"Shhhh...." was all he said as he pushed me back into the wall near the door and kissed me forcefully. "You wanted me to show you how a woman should be pleased by a man. Enjoy it."

I tilted my head back and closed my eyes as his hands moved up to my shoulders, massaging the robe over my arms and down into a pile at my feet. His lips nibbled my neck, and his moans told me he'd been longing for a night like this as much as I had.

Those lips felt so hot and wonderful against my skin....they moved downward and began assaulting my tits as I clutched at the wall, trying not to fall on my face. His mouth was every bit as good as my imagination had led me to believe. He flicked my nipples and bit them gently. I could feel my wetness running down my legs.

He got down on his knees and gently licked his way down across my stomach, over my navel, to the tops of my thighs...He reached up and grabbed my hands, pulling me down without ever taking his face from my legs or looking up. As I slowly fell to my knees on the floor, I realized I was naked in front of this stunning man. I froze suddenly, and he immediately sensed it. Instead of looking up at me and talking, he immediately moved his head in between my legs and nibbled at my inner thighs. He took long, slow licks up and down my lips, and stopped briefly to suck softly on my clit. I relaxed very quickly and returned to the state of arousal I had been in on the phone with him.

He dragged his tongue in hard circles around my clit, letting out soft moans. Suddenly, I felt his fingers enter me and pump slowly in and out. So close...mmm... His fingers moved faster and faster, twisting back and forth as he made love to my clit with his tongue. He began sucking my clit, holding it between his lips as he swirled his tongue around, and my hips began bucking.

The most wonderful sensation spread through my body originating from my insides. The ripple moved through all my limbs and super-heated all my muscles, sending a bright red flush across my skin. My legs tensed and squeezed his head tight between my thighs. My back came up off the floor, and I couldn't help the low guttural moan I let out. Mmmm....

He came up for air when my thighs finally released him from their silken prison. He pulled off his shirt, and stood to drop his shorts to the floor. I was surprised and pleased to find that he was not wearing underwear. He kneeled back down between my legs and placed his cock at my entrance, but did not enter me.

"Did you like that?" he asked.

"God yes. Please fuck me, baby. I need it..." I begged.

"How badly do you need it?" he teased, rubbing his rock-hard length against my lips. I tried to buck my hips up to take him inside me, but he pulled away. "For that, I'm going to have to teach you a lesson and show you what happens when you don't answer your teacher's question," he growled at me.

He grabbed my wrists and yanked my to my knees. He grabbed a fistful of my hair and drew my face toward his crotch. 

"Suck me," he commanded. 

I immediately swirled my tongue around the head of his cock. He tasted so delicious. I then tried to stuff as much of him as I could in my mouth, using my fingernails to lightly play with his balls. I tried to imitate what my inner muscles would later do to him, and picked up speed, moving up and down on his shaft and painting circles with the tip of my tongue.

His moans got louder, and he clutched at my head harder. His hips started to thrust his manhood in and out of my mouth, faster, faster...One last thrust and I felt the first quivering of his muscles as he orgasmed and filled my mouth. I barely had time to swallow it before he bent down and picked me up. 

"Where's your bedroom?" he demanded. I pointed the direction and he headed that direction holding me up. When we entered my room, he tossed me on the bed and commanded me to get on my hands and knees. I did as I was told and was delighted to discover he was still hard when he climbed up on the bed and moved close behind me. One hard thrust and he was all the way inside...mmm...

He wrapped one arm around my stomach and pressed his chest into my back. His thrusts turned into hard grinding as I felt the hand around my waist snake its way down to my clit. He rubbed light circles around my clit as he fucked me. I felt his other hand cup my tit and pinch my nipple hard. His lips were nibbling, sucking, biting at my shoulders as I held the two of us up. 

His fingers started moving faster against my clit, and he pinched my nipple even harder. I heard a low groan come from his throat as a moan escaped mine. He moved so furiously against me that I was soon screaming in pleasure. As he ground himself into me, I shuddered, feeling the signs of my second orgasm approaching. As my inner muscles tightened, I felt him stiffen and pulse within me. We both yelled loudly and moaned like wild animals. As he emptied his load, he fell forward onto his hands, pushing me down under him. We were both panting rapidly. He moved his hips away from me and I felt him slip out of me. He rolled over and laid next to me, still breathing heavily, and smiled.

"Wow..." was all I could manage.

"If you think that's all, you're wrong again..." he said slyly, and winked at me.