 First of all, let me say that I was pretty drunk. Well, ok, let me back up.

My name is Meghan and I was on vacation with my boyfriend, Jason, in Mexico. It was my first trip to Mexico -- or anywhere out of the country for that matter -- and I couldn't have been more excited. In hindsight, I wasn't all that excited to be going with my boyfriend but I told myself I was. We had been dating for about 2 years but the last handful of months, things had become stagnant. Not that I realized this at the time, mind you, but the events of my vacation seem to have opened my eyes. For visual purposes, I'm a petite and slender girl, 24, about 5'3" and 110lbs, but my 32B chest looks more impressive yet still proportionate on such a small frame. Light brown hair and dark blue eyes complete the picture and I turn my share of heads, even if I do say so myself.

Our first couple days were fun but otherwise uneventful -- typical tourist stuff. I was surprised at how few Americans there were given that we were in a major tourist city. We did, however, meet a small group of 30-something Texas women who were staying at our hotel. They were attractive and more energetic than I expected and certainly polite but there also were definitely moments where the conversation stalled from our differing outlooks and experiences. They did, however, invite us to a club that night where they said more Americans and English-speaking people partied.

The club was intoxicating, mesmerizing and PACKED. I don't know what the fire codes are like in Mexico but, my god, I don't think I've ever seen so many people in one room. Somehow we found (ok, more like "bumped into") the women from our hotel. There were 3 of them and they had found a group of 3 guys that they seemed to have latched onto. Jason and I joined them and very soon the alcohol started flowing very, very freely.

All three guys were actually quite attractive and I was surprised to find myself looking them up and down and catching their eyes doing the same to me. Jason and I were essentially only included in the group by proxy as we kept to the outside of the group and rarely joined in the conversation. In fact, halfway through the night I had only actually spoken to one of the men when I thanked him for (yet another) drink.

We had been rotating on and off the dance floor pretty regularly because of how hot it got with that many bodies crowded together. But the more we drank, the longer we danced. My boyfriend doesn't like to dance but he also doesn't like seeing me dance with other guys and with the mass of bodies on the dance floor, he wasn't about to leave me out there with just a small number of women we didn't know. The dance floor really was so crowded that if you were dancing with one person, you were essentially dancing with at least a half-dozen more. It was not at all uncommon to feel certain male body parts rubbing against me and hands drifting all over my body. At first it was a little off-putting but the more drunk I got, the less I seemed to mind. Toward the end of the night, my juices were definitely flowing and it had very little to do with my boyfriend. 

About the same time I really started to notice just how worked up the pinches, grabs and rubs on the dance floor were effecting me, it started to become more obvious which of the girls was going to pair up with which guy. Well, one pair was already slobbering all over each other any time they weren't actively taking another sip from their drink. The other two girls seemed to be vying for the same guy's attention, which I thought somewhat odd since the lone man out I found much more attractive, but I simply chalked it up to another example of just how different my tastes were from these slightly older women. Their bickering soon ended though when I heard something that just about made me choke on my umpteenth margarita. I was certainly a little drunk but it sounded distinctly like:

"Why don't you BOTH just come join me and we can all have a good time..."

The two girls looked at each other for a moment, smiled, and each grabbed one of his hands and led him out the door. The third guy just smiled as he watched them leave and made his way back out to the dance floor and disappeared into the throng, presumably to see if he could find a girl of his own for the night. I finished the last of my drink and told Jason I wasn't done dancing. He was none too thrilled but reluctantly followed me onto the dance floor, giving the evil eye to a handful of men who were obviously pleased to see me ready to shake my cute little ass some more.

Despite the fact that our party had dwindled back down to just Jason and I, the club was still wall-to-wall with people. I was still getting groped and poked at every turn and was still hornier than I'd been in a long, long time. I felt something brush against my ass and could tell it wasn't a hand. For the first time all night there was actually enough room for me to move forward and away from the stranger but I decided (drunkenly) to stay where I was to let him know I didn't mind. My boyfriend, however, did mind. He tried to pull me toward him but I pretended I didn't see him reach for me and raised my hands above my head as I continued to dance. My mystery man got the hint and ground his bulge harder against me and I could feel him swell even more between my ass cheeks. He was big. And I was getting wetter by the second. My nipples were tingling and doing their best to tear through my blouse and bra.

As soon as my boyfriend noticed the mystery man's hand start to slide from my hip to my stomach (I don't think he could tell his other hand was planted firmly on my ass), he again tried to pull me away, this time obviously more angry. I was definitely drunk but knew I wasn't as drunk as I started acting, telling him to quit being so jealous and to leave me alone. He told me to get it together and stop acting like a slut. I was floored. He had never spoken to me that way. 

I told him to go fuck himself and he was welcome to go back to the hotel, that I knew my way back. He tried to apologize without actually apologizing, saying we should just go sit and talk for a minute but I cut him short and repeated the part about him fucking himself, this time a little more slowly so he understood.

Mystery Man was still standing behind me throughout this exchange, his hard-on not dissipating one bit. My boyfriend shot him a dagger's glare and walked away. I moved deeper into the throng on the dance floor, confident the stranger would follow. And follow he did. Within seconds he was pressed hard behind me again, this time freely running his hands over my tits and, eventually, one hand drifting down to rub my crotch through my skirt. I was in heaven. His strong yet gentle hands felt fantastic, his long dick sent chills down my spine at it's potential, and to top it all off, he was a terrific dancer.

My pussy was on fire and I almost came right there on the dance floor when I suddenly realized -- I hadn't even seen his face! I leaned my head back against his shoulder and whispered four simple words in his ear:

"I want you, now."

I could feel him smile as my face was still so close to his and he let his hand (finally!) slip under my skirt and rub my pussy through my panties. I started moving us toward one of the exits, keeping an eye out for my boyfriend and hoping against hope we were heading toward an exit where Jason was not. My prayers were answered as we slipped out seemingly unnoticed to a dark parking lot. I finally turned around and got my first look at my mystery stud and I couldn't have been more pleased at what I saw -- it was the one guy who didn't hook up with one of the 30-somethings (I still didn't know his name)! My pussy gushed when I saw him and I could barely get the words out when I asked him where his car was. Wordlessly, he led me to his rental and I was thrilled to see he had a large SUV (big back seat) with tinted windows (privacy) as I had no intention of actually going anywhere anyway! 

He must have read my mind as he didn't even bother leading me toward the passenger seat but immediately opened the rear door and climbed in behind me. We hadn't even settled into the seats yet when I told him straight away I wanted to see it. We kissed for the first time as he fumbled with his belt while I fumbled with the zipper. I won that race and practically dove into his pants to fish out this cock that I had been obsessed with for the past 20 minutes. I wasn't disappointed. His cock was as close to perfect as any I'd ever seen before. He was long without being comical (or frightening) and thick without being obscene.

My pussy dripped even more than it already was but it was my watering mouth that won out first. I stroked him twice and immediately took as much of that beautiful cock in my mouth as I could in one smooth motion. Mmm, he even tasted good. I savored his taste for no more than a moment and began bobbing furiously in his lap. I love to suck dick and was enjoying this one immensely. I'm notorious among former boyfriends for giving extremely sloppy head, getting off on the sounds and feel of a sloppy, slippery cock hitting the back of my throat.

His hands were not idle during his blowjob, either. My skirt was hiked up over my ass and my panties were pulled to the side as he fingered me with one hand. His other hand had popped just one of my tits out of my blouse and bra -- something I had always found extremely sexy for some reason -- and was kneading my breast and tweaking the nipple exquisitely. He moaned that he was going to come and I had a small mini-orgasm at the naughty realization that those were the first words I heard him speak.

I stopped and told him he had to fuck me before he came. He tried to tell me he could go all night (which I didn't doubt) but I told him that may be true but I would have to go back to my boyfriend before too long. That seemed to hit his naughty button as I caught a wicked smile flash across his face and his cock jumped in my still-stroking hand. I turned around on all fours and looked over my shoulder at him with pure lust in my eyes.

"Fuck me hard and deep, and don't you dare cum until I tell you to!" He needed no further instruction.

I was still technically fully clothed as he filled me wonderfully and completely in one long, solid push. My skirt still hiked up over my ass, my thong panties still pulled to the side but now both of my tits were out of my blouse and bra, though both were still on. Doggystyle is by far my favorite position and this guy was fucking me perfectly. His hands were moving from my tits to my hips to my hair and back again to change up our pace and the force with which he was fucking me. My orgasm was building quickly and actually caught me off guard as it came roaring to the forefront, making me shake wildly while he continued to piston in and out of my dripping snatch. I was impressed with his staying power up to that point -- especially since I had him so close just minutes before with my blowjob -- but I was even more amazed when he continued fucking me right through my first orgasm and into the next one. I had him stop and sit down on the seat for just a brief moment while I caught my breath. As soon as I had the strength to turn around I climbed onto his lap and impaled myself on that magnificent piece of meat once again. I rode him for all I was worth, grinding my clit against his pubic bone while I bounced up and down on him. I moaned, groaned and whimpered through two more orgasms like that when he told me he was going to come. Breathlessly, I leaned into his ear and told him I wanted to taste him.

"Oh, fuck, then you better hurry!" I jumped off his cock and scrambled to the floor of the SUV as quickly as I could and put the tip of his big dick in my mouth while I pumped his shaft with both hands and swirled my tongue around the head, moaning all the while. I had one last mini-orgasm when the first jet of his hot, sticky cum fired against the back of my throat. He continued pumping stream after stream of wonderful jism into my mouth and I kept pumping and milking his cock until my mouth was so full I couldn't hold any more. I showed him how happy I was with his performance by showing him his load still in my mouth then swallowed it all in one delicious gulp. To really show my gratitude I went back down and cleaned his softening cock from tip to balls until he was warning me that I was going to get him hard again. 

I put my clothes back into place and tried to make it look like I hadn't just gotten the fucking of my life and blew my mystery stud a kiss as I climbed out of the car. I smiled knowing we still didn't know each other's name. I went back to the club and found my furious boyfriend, giving him a kiss on the lips -- smiling again knowing I could still taste Mystery Stud's cum. As soon as our plane landed back in the States I broke up with Jason. Jealousy and an average penis size just aren't going to do it for me anymore...