 Steve loved being a security guard. He was employed at the local supermarket for night shifts and loved it there. Not only did he get to "protect and serve" he also got to get check out every female that went in and out during his shifts. 

Being a very attractive man of 32, Steve had never had trouble attracting the opposite sex's attention. He stood at a noticeable 6'2", with an athletic frame, broad shoulders and a very toned body. His black, short glossy hair and startling blue eyes were no competition for any woman, married or otherwise.

His last relationship had ended on bad terms, so Steve had not been with a woman for at least a month, and it was killing him. Sure, jerking off provided him with some much needed relief. But nothing compared to fucking a woman, making her scream, sweat and cum.

It was a Friday night and his shift was over in 2 hours. He had nothing to do and wasn't looking forward to going home. At least at the supermarket he could watch the sometimes bra-less checkout chicks and flirt with them. He knew they left their bras at home when he was working, and it definitely made him horny. But they were cock-teasers and nothing more.

So, when an unexpected visit from a shopper came later that night, he was beyond pleased, maybe even more shocked than anything.

He was making his way back to the front of the supermarket when a female shopper caught his eye. She was by herself and very, very good looking. He continued to watch her as she made her way up the isles, stopping every now and then to pick something and drop it in her basket. She turned and looked in his direction and had a strange smile on her face. He wasn't sure if she was looking at him, or if he'd been imagining it. She turned round and continued on shopping. 

Steve was hooked. He couldn't take his eyes off her. She was only 19-20, about 5'3", with blue eyes and golden shoulder length hair. She was wearing a fitted jacket and pair of tight blue jeans that barely covered her ass, and only just sat above her pubic area. She had her jacket zipped down, beneath her breasts and only a small singlet top stopped him from seeing absolutely everything. Yeah, she was young, but the younger, the better.

He breathed in quickly as she made her way towards the checkout lanes. She put her shopping down, looked at him and smiled, then lent over to pick up a magazine off a nearby rack, giving him a perfect view of her full, round breasts. He had never seen tits as fine as these, and couldn't stop himself from imagining his face buried in them, nibbling and sucking. As she slowly stood up straight again, she caught him looking at her, his eyes glazed over with lust. She gave him a strange look, picked up her shopping and then left.

Feeling extremely horny, Steve decided to take a break. Going out for a smoke was the only way to comfort himself, as jerking off at work was a definite no. 

He knew that she was stuck in his head and that the next 1 ½ hours was going to be hell. Trying to do his job while having a hard on was going to be very difficult. So, he breathed in deeply a couple of times, cleared his mind and went back inside.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LATER………………….

It was the end of his shift and Steve was more than relieved. Keeping his thoughts clean for that amount of time had proved difficult. Flashes of the "mystery shopper" and himself going at it hard, breathing heavily, had clouded his mind the whole time. 

So, it was no surprise to him that when he went outside to get into his car, he saw her there on the bonnet. As he walked closer, he suddenly realised that what he was seeing was not just his imagination, but the real thing.

She got up and walked over to him. 

"Hi" she said as she stopped and smiled

"Hi" Steve responded, not sure what was going on.

"Just to get over the formalities, I'm Sarah"

"Ok" was all Steve could manage as she grabbed his collar and pulled him down to her hungry mouth.

As they kissed, she pushed Steve towards the car and slammed him onto the bonnet.

"You have no idea how much I want to fuck you" she said grabbing his cock through his pants.

"All I've done is dream of you ramming your dick inside me since I saw you" 

Steve, amazed at his luck didn't say anything. But instead, watched as she took off his belt and unzipped his pants. 

As she pulled them down she was amazed at the 10 inch and very thick erection that stood before her. 

"This is going to be better than I thought" she breathed heavily.

Steve couldn't take it anymore and took off her jacket and pulled off her singlet to reveal she was not wearing a bra. Her round perky breasts and now erect pink nipples were more than a fantasy. He'd never seen breasts like this before. It's been a while since he'd been 20 or been with a 20 year old female, so the firmness of her body and skin was driving him crazy.

He ran his hands over her breasts and down her shapely hips and then down to her jeans which he tugged off.. Underneath, he found a small triangle of golden curls leading down to her moistness, and lost control. Pushing her off, he turned around and sat her on the bonnet, spreading her legs, revealing her now wet pussy and licked his lips.

Grabbing her around the hips, he wrapped her legs around his waist and then entered her. She pushed herself right down to the base of his cock, tensing the muscles in her pussy and screamed in delight. 

Steve pushed into her as hard as he could and then slowly pulled out, teasing her hole with the head of his penis, tickling at her clit ever so gently and then ramming all 10 inches back in again. As he continued teasing her, she screamed out in sexual anguish. 

"Oh god! Ram me so fucking hard" she yelled as he once again slammed into her, his dick now wet with her pussy juices.

Not able to control himself any longer, his strokes started coming harder and faster, causing her to writhe with pleasure. 

"Fuck me so hard" she screamed moving in time with him, the car now rocking to the rhythm of their fucking.

He grabbed her arse tightly as he felt himself coming. "I'm coming" he groaned

"I want you to cum in me" she screamed, wrapping her legs even tighter around him, feeling herself coming too.

As he screamed in pleasure, filling her with his cum, she moaned, her own orgasm sending her body into spasms. 

Still attached to him, she kept riding him, slowly moving up and down his still stiff rod, rubbing her sensitive clit against him, sending shudders through her body.

As they both slowed down he smiled at her. Lying her down on the car, he pulled out his dick and started to jerk off. As she watched she saw his head swell and his dick harden once again, grabbing his hand, she stopped him and pulled him towards him.

Grabbing hold of his cock, she slowly ran her tongue over the his head and then stuck it in her mouth. Moving up and down his cock, running her tongue up and down and around and grazing it with her teeth, she could see she was getting him off. 

As he started to buck and moved with her mouth, she quickened her pace and started mouth fucking him. 

Steve grabbed her head and started to ram his cock in her mouth groaning as she licked and sucked. 

She removed her hand from his cock and stuck her index finger into her cunt, fingering herself. Rubbing her clit she could see that Steve was going to come soon and began finger fucking herself with one hand and rubbing her clit with each other.

Then he came, filling her mouth with cum. Groaning as his pulsating dick released more cum again and again. As he pulled out, Sarah sat back rubbing her clit, moaning and finished herself off, coming to orgasm, her hips lifting off the car and moving frantically with her. 

"Oh god, oh god, oh god" she screamed, her eyes rolling back into her head.

Fulfilled, but not yet finished, Steve leant over Sarah and began sucking on her tits, sucking and nibbling, causing her to cry out in pleasure. She reached down and started to stroke his cock, taking turns rubbing his balls and his cock. 

He continued kissing her tits, making his way slowly and purposefully down her stomach, down her thighs and then to the inside of her thighs, to her cunt now soaking wet with both their cum. She groaned as he nuzzled her clit, moved down to her flaps and then entered her cunt, sticking in his tongue as deep and as hard as he could, making her hips move up to his face, and her hands to his head, shoving him deep into her mound. She began moving with his tongue, now humping his face furiously.

As she came close to coming, he removed her hands, flipped her over and took her from behind. Sticking his cock deep into her cunt, he moved quickly and forcefully, making her cry in pain and then in pleasure as she brought her hand down to her clit and began rubbing it. 

Steve was fucking her so hard now that her head was hitting the windshield from moving up the bonnet from the force of his dick.

Both were now groaning and grunting. Steve, bent over Sarah and fucking her like an animal. Sarah, on her face, taking it from behind, her legs spread across the bonnet.

Their pace quickening once again, she lifted her arse up so her could go deeper into her. Grabbing hold of her hips, he violently rammed her, and then came with a great shudder.

Screaming all the while, Sarah backed into him and came, still rubbing her clit.

Feeling fully satisfied now, they both got up and looked at each other, smiling. 

"Well" Steve said, still panting, feeling a little weak "We'll have to do this sometime again"

"Sure" Sarah responded, picking up her clothes "See you next week then" 

Steve got into his car and watched Sarah walk off, now fully clothed, and couldn't wait for next Friday.