 Ms. Nadine Johnson definitely stood out from the crowd of my 100+, mostly first-year, college students. In politically correct terms, she would be described as a "non-traditional" student, meaning older, and probably attending school part-time. I later learned that she was 42, married, with no kids. 

I noticed Ms. Johnson on the very first day of class in the fall semester. Although she sat up high in the very back of the lecture room, her stunningly beautiful, shoulder length, darkish blond hair and the stylish black business suit she wore, clearly marked her as a working woman, probably taking just this class before going to the office. Intrigued by her sensual good looks and wondering about her overall situation and why she was even in my course, I kept hoping to meet her. For the entire fall semester, however, I only saw her during class.

She always sat in the same spot and was similarly dressed. During exams and quizzes, I'd walk around the room, keeping my eye on her as much as possible, wondering about her, and, yes, lusting after her. Nadine was about 5'4" or 5'5", thin and athletic looking (as I guessed, correctly, a distance runner), with very small breasts and long, absolutely gorgeous legs. I wondered if she was the type of woman who enjoyed sexy, expensive lingerie even under her business attire. I certainly fantasized about her dressed in that way. In my mind, she never wore pantyhose, but rather, thigh highs with lacy tops or stockings and a black garter belt along with skimpy, black, lace or sheer panties, and a matching bra. My cock was always hard on those days when I could study her like that as she concentrated on the test questions.

I certainly wasn't the only one in class who watched and wondered about Nadine. Once, after she picked up a returned quiz before class, I focused on her tight ass and nylon-clad legs as she walked slowly up the stairs to her seat. Most of the 19-year old guys in the class were also staring at her and I wondered how many loads of boy cum would be produced that night because of her. In my case, however, the self-pleasure session took place in my office right after class.

Mine is a tough class and, like many students, Ms. Johnson worked hard but could never seem to make it out of the C range. I hoped that she would come by for help during office hours, or at least e-mail me with questions, but she never did, not during the fall anyway. In the spring semester, however, things were very different. She obviously had quit working or at least changed jobs since she began wearing jeans or casual skirts and simple blouses or T-shirts to class. She also started to visit me during afternoon office hours for help with the course material. We usually talked about other things as well and gradually got to know each other. By mid-term, I felt that I had become an on-campus friend, not just one of her professors.

It turned out that she had quit her legal assistant job after 15 years. "I woke up one day and decided that I really didn't like lawyers," she explained once to me. She had returned to school full-time, majoring in a completely different subject for which my course was an associated requirement. Again she worked very hard and earned the same grade with which she was quite pleased, especially having been away from school for so long. Things changed again when Nadine came to my office late one afternoon about a week after the spring term ended.

She stopped at my office saying, "Hi, remember me, your old, non-traditional student? I just wanted to come by and thank you for putting up with me this semester and, especially, for being such a terrific teacher. I never would have passed without all of your help."

I smiled and said, "Hi, Nadine, please come in." I motioned for her to sit in the guest chair near me, and offered her a soft drink. It quickly turned into one of our typically enjoyable conversations but it seemed more relaxed without the professor-student thing hanging over us. Nevertheless, at one point, the thought of us being two married people alone in a rather private situation occurred to me. Looking into her eyes at that moment, I sensed that she might be thinking the same way.

In any event, as we continued talking, I couldn't stop thinking how good she looked and how physically attracted I was to her. I also couldn't help but look at those sexy legs so nicely displayed as she sat there, legs crossed. The hem-line of her denim mini-skirt (which seemed considerably shorter than she usually wore) was high up on her firm, thin thighs. Her top was a simple, pink cotton T-shirt which I also thought was tighter than normal for her. It was quite obvious that, under the thin material, her perky little breasts were naked. She certainly needed no bra to support those sweet little things.

At one point, I noticed that her nipples were hard and protruding, so very nicely, under her shirt. It was also obvious that she was aware of that development and had seen me looking right at them. She sipped her diet Coke a few times and began to nervously flick her foot back and forth. That motion distracted my gaze form her breasts but only refocused it on her fabulous legs. There was a feeling of sexual tension in the room, at least to me. I hoped that it wasn't just wishful thinking on my part. I also wondered what Nadine thought about the hard bulge in my lap which she had almost certainly noticed.

For the fourth or fifth time, Nadine caught me staring straight at her legs. I was hoping for a just peek up her skirt, wondering what color/style panties she was wearing. Instead of pulling her skirt down, she smiled softly at me. "It's OK, Eric.....oh, I mean.....do you mind if I call you that now, Professor? Go ahead and look if it pleases you. Actually, it pleases me when men I admire look at me like that. Would you like to see more?"

I could barely nod yes as she uncrossed, then very slowly re-crossed her legs, allowing the mini-skirt to ride even higher on her firm thighs, affording me a brief glimpse of her pink panty crotch in the process. Then she cupped her breasts in her hands and flicked her fingers across the hard nipples under the thin cotton fabric. Her nails were the same pink color as her shirt and panties. My hard cock twitched and strained in my tight underwear as a delectable image of the pink inner folds of her pussy flashed through my mind. Throwing all caution out the window, knowing that I couldn't possibly resist this incredible opportunity, I went over and locked my office door, checking first to see that my secretary had left for the day.

When I got back to my desk, Nadine was leaning back in her chair, looking up at me. She had lifted her T-shirt above her breasts and was pulling roughly on her bare nipples. Her skirt was hiked up and her legs were spread apart, revealing the pink bikini panties that clearly showed off her neatly trimmed pussy mound. The panties even looked moist along the crease of her cunt lips. I couldn't believe how wantonly sexual she was being. I was also thinking how out of character it seemed for her but, then again, I really didn't know what sort sexual being she was or desired to be.

She said, "I've noticed you looking at me all year Professor. I see now that I can make you hard, so show me that big cock of yours."

Being somewhat shocked by her words, I momentarily forgot that I was wearing panties that day under my Dockers. They were red, stretch lace, boy shorts that felt absolutely wonderful on my hard cock and shaved balls. Without even thinking, I unzipped and quickly pulled off my slacks.

"Oooh, I just love your little boy panties, Professor," said Nadine, grinning, as she reached up and began to rub my stiff cock through the thin lace fabric. "It's such a sexy package!" Then she put her hands on my panty-covered ass, pulled me closer to her face and wet-kissed the tip of my cock through the panties.

Then she slipped the front of my panties down just below my balls, freeing my throbbing dick. "You do want to fuck me don't you, Eric?" She stroked my hard cock a few times, while fondling my smooth balls, and then sucked on the head of it for a brief moment, running her tongue along the pee slit.

Nadine stood up, hugged me tightly, and slipped her tongue into my mouth. She unhooked her skirt, letting it fall to the floor, and then started to rub herself against my hard cock. The feeling of my cock rubbing on her sexy panties was almost too much for me to stand. Another minute or two of that and I would have soaked both pairs of panties with hot, sticky cum. I licked along her neck, up to her ear and whispered, "Tell me what you want, Nadine. Tell me how to please you. Talk nasty to your professor!"

She replied, "Sometime, but not now, I want to lick your hard panty-boy cock. I want to make you shoot in your pretty panties, make you soak them with your hot cum, and then suck it all out of them. But, right now, I just want you to bend me over that desk and fuck me from behind!"

Before I could respond, Nadine released me, turned around, and leaned down over my desk. As she swayed her tight ass in front of me with the muscles in her thighs and calves flexing, she said, "Fuck me Professor. Fuck me hard and deep. I want to be the dirty little whore of your dreams. I want your hot cock in me now!"

I slipped her little pink bikini panties aside, pulled her ass cheeks apart, and started to lick all along her ass crack, around her asshole, and then down into her wet cunt, She was frigging her clit, moaning like a crazy woman, and had her first orgasm just as I touched my cock head up to her pussy. I slid it along her cunt lips, getting it lubed with her juices, found her opening, and then shoved it in all the way in one urgent, almost violent, thrust.

She screamed at first from surprise but then started pushing her ass back to meet my thrusting hips. Her pussy was surprisingly tight and it felt so good because she really knew how to squeeze my cock with her cunt muscles. I fucked her wildly, pumping as hard, as fast, and as deep as I could possibly get on each stroke. With every forward thrust, I felt the extra sensation of the lace panties on my ass and the almost painful feeling in my balls as they were pushed up from underneath by the tight boy shorts. Nadine was bracing herself on the desk with one hand and fingering her hard clit with the other. I lost count of how many times she got off like that. Her orgasms were intense and seemed almost continuous. I worked very hard to keep myself from cumming. It felt so incredible that I wanted to just keep pumping her hot, tight cunt as long as I possibly could.

I reached down under her, rubbed her little tits, and then started to pinch her hard nipples. She obviously loved that and came yet again. "Oh, yeah, pinch my nipples, Professor, pinch them harder, make it hurt, please," she begged. 

My cock felt harder and bigger than it had in years and I kept trying to shove it even deeper into her hot throbbing pussy while I roughly rubbed her tits and pinched her nipples as hard as I could. Finally, she sensed that I was getting ready to cum and said, "No, please, Eric, don't cum in me this time, I want to suck you off!"

I pulled out and she got up and dropped quickly to her knees in front of me. My cock glistened from her sweet pussy juice and she gobbled it up in a hurry. I grabbed her hair and started madly fucking her mouth just like I had done with her pussy. It didn't take long before I exploded in the back of her throat. Spurt after spurt after spurt of my cum shot into her mouth. She gagged a little on the huge load and tried to pull back but I just held on to her head and kept sliding my shaft in and out of her mouth, forcing her to swallow almost all of my cum.

Finally, when I was totally drained, she released my cock from her lips. I pulled her up and hugged her tightly. We tongue kissed deeply and I tasted my own cum in her mouth. She rubbed her nipples against my chest and played with my slippery cock which started to stiffen up again. Nadine gave it a last squeeze saying, "I just knew you'd be a hot fuck. I wish the semester wasn't over. We could have so much more fun, Professor."

I pulled my panties back up, over my semi-hard cock, and felt a few residual drops of cum ooze into them. I just grinned and told her, "Well, I'll be around all summer, how about you?"

Nadine smiled back at me. Then she slipped out of her panties, wiped off her wet pussy with them, and handed them to me, "Well, I sure hope that's a promise. Here you go, just a little something for your panty collection!"

I put the moist panty crotch up to my face, savoring the odor and taste of her sex, while watching her pull her skirt up over her naked ass. I was already dreaming of our next meeting.