 The sodium light on the temporary power pole cast a harsh yellow light against the house and through the framed windows. Jack pulled onto the gravel pad and got out of his truck to check the site before driving home. The muggy night air soaked his shirt within seconds. He pulled it over his head and wiped the sweat from his face before tucking the sodden shirt into the back waist of his shorts. Within seconds his chest glistened with a new coating of sweat.

He walked around the perimeter and noted the piles of wood were unmolested and the porta john hadn't been tipped over; as it had two nights previously. As he strode down the dark side, away from the light, a silhouette passed in front of the light shining into the house catching his attention. He walked to the window opening and looked in. He saw nothing, but sensed something or someone was in the house.

He crossed to his truck and grabbed his tool belt and 4 cell flashlight from the door pocket. The hammer and flat bar were as close to weapons as he had. Then he strode onto the porch and, instead of ducking under the bar across the door, stepped through what would be the 6' picture window in the front room of the home he was building. He hefted the light. It would be a good weapon, as well as a light. Settling himself against the wall and out of the light from the pole outside, he shouted, "Who's here?"

He didn't so much expect a response as he was giving an intruder time to use a different window as an exit. With no wallboard, the inside of the house was a forest of skinny trees spaced unnaturally, 16" apart. He clicked his flashlight on and swept the house from one wall to the other. Nothing. He listened for a few seconds and stepped out of the shadow of the front wall to give the house a quick search.

He slowly walked the long central hallway sweeping the beam of his light, like a search light, through every room. As he swept the bathroom in the back and walked in to check the tub he heard a rustle behind him and quickly turned to scan the master suite in the other corner. He saw nothing but sub-flooring and the legs of his saw horses until the beam landed on a crumpled pile of cloth. He raised the beam and caught the face of a woman cowering in the far corner; eyes filled with fear.

"Miss Willing?" He recognized the deep red hair and round face as the woman who had contracted with him to build the house. They had always met at his office, or construction trailer at another site and she always wore business attire. She was a marketing executive for a large furniture company. "Is that you?"

"Who are you? I can't see with the light in my eyes."

"Step into the light from the window, please. It's Jack. What the hell are you doing here at 1am?"

The woman struggled to her feet. She was barefoot and dressed only in a long T. He could see that she had no bra on when her nipples moved in different directions as she stood. "Oh, thank heaven. I didn't know who was prowling around."

"I would use the word 'prowling' carefully, Ms Willing. Since you're the one I found in the house."

He heard her giggle. "It's Justine, Jack. Call me 'Just'. And, guilty, I suppose." She giggled, "Just guilty, funny."

His light swept from her bare feet up the long legs he had only imagined to be within the slacks she always wore and up the length of the long white T. He paused at her tits long enough to view the printing on the shirt "Be kind to animals" and in smaller print "pet my kitty". Then he stopped at her throat to throw light on her face but not in her eyes. "You still haven't told me why you're here."

Her eyes sparkled, but they weren't looking at his face. She was looking at his bare chest and legs and her lips parted slightly. He saw her tongue rubbing the edge of her upper teeth. "I, uh. Oh, The power at my apartment is out and it's hot as hell. So, I grabbed a blanket, sheet and pillow and thought I'd camp out in my new bedroom. I didn't expect to be found out." Her eyes fell to the floor. "Sorry."

He lowered the light and took her hand, leading her into the light from the outside. "You know that it's not really safe here at night. I mean it's a good neighborhood, but construction sites attract all manner of people."

She toyed with the hem of her shirt, bunching and unbunching it as she looked at him. Then, she tilted her head, cocked a knee and smiled. "I guess I didn't think about that. Besides, I didn't know I'd be discovered by such a handsome night watchman."

Jack saw the dampness spread down her neck and soak the T. Her neck and arms showed tiny beads of sweat. "Okay, I guess. It is your land, so I guess you can stay here. You going to be safe enough?

"I'd be safer if you stayed." Her voice was huskier and she arched her back enough to pull the shirt tight over her erect nipples. She walked over and put one hand on the back of his neck. The other reached down pulled his hammer from his belt. She gently stroked the handle of the tool and then slipped it between her legs pulling it back and forth for a moment. She replaced it in the the loop and then she leaned in and nipped his ear lobe as she whispered, "What other tools do you have, Jack?"

He took a deep breath as her nipples, barely contained by the rapidly dampening shirt, poked against his chest. "Holy fuck, Justine."

Her hands stroked his chest. "Exactly. Take off the tool belt, Jack" she whispered as her hands drifted down to slip beneath the hem of his shorts and caress the crease of his ass. 

He felt his cock jerk in response. He unclipped the belt and let it fall behind him. Justine slipped the T over her head. Jack gasped and reached out to cup her firm tits. She almost purred as he did pushing forward against his hands, her nipples hardening instantly. He saw that she had on only the skimpiest of thongs. After a moment of allowing him to grope and fondle her, she stepped back and wadded the shirt up to serve as a pad. Then, she knelt on her shirt and reached for his belt. 

In a fluid practiced motion, she unbuckled his belt, popped the snap and unzipped his shorts. Her hands went to his waist and pushed briefs and shorts over his hips, pausing briefly as they caught on his rapidly hardening erection. Then, they fell to his boots. She smiled and looked up at him, eyes twinkling. "Oh, nice tool, Jack." She reached down and helped him step out of his shorts. Justine, then, quickly, cupped his balls in her hand and enclosed the entire length of his cock in her mouth.

"Oh, God!"

She held him deep in her throat for a moment and then slowly let him out. She held the tip of his rod in her mouth and slowly jerked him off with two fingers encircling his hot hard pole. She sucked him back in and he moaned in response; his hands resting on the top of her head as she gave him a thirty second face fuck. 

Then she let him fall into her hands. She kissed the tip of his cock and stood; not releasing the grip on her prisoner. She kissed him lightly on the lips and he smelled his own scent on her face. "Jack, have you ever spanked a woman?"

He gaped at the naked woman in front of him and whispered, "No."

One hand slipped up his chest and stroked his own small nipples. "I'd like you to spank me, Jack. I guarantee it will make it better when you ram this," she squeezed and stroked him "into me."

"Why don't I just fuck you, now?" He rolled his hips against her hold.

She squeezed him harder. "Because I like to be spanked, and tied up and 'taken', Jack. If you want me, you'll have to take me."

"How hard do you want me to hit you?"

She purred and rubbed her hard bare nipples against his chest. "Baby, I don't think you can hit me hard enough to make me stop you." She drew his hand to her wet mound and let him rub its wet entry. "Come on, lover. What have you got to lose ... except the best fuck you' may ever have." She rubbed her tits against his sweaty chest, groaning as she did and stroked his cock. "Jack? Honey. Justine needs to be punished for trespassing." She stepped back and towed him by his cock to the master bedroom where she let him go.

The sawhorses had had a work table of plywood stretched between them. Justine picked up her blanket and tossed it over the plywood. She took his flashlight and rubbed the long handle between her legs. Then she pushed the end into her cunt and inch or two. Her head tipped back as the cool metal assaulted her clit and her mouth opened; tongue flicking in and out. She withdrew the flashlight and put the end into her mouth. Then, she placed the light on the floor and leaned over the makeshift bench. 

"Jack, baby. My ass is cold. Warm it for me?" She twerked her ass and spread her legs. She reached back and smacked an ass cheek. "Just like this, Jack."

Jack stepped to the side and brought his hand down on her ass. 

"Did you touch me, Jack? I felt a tickle. Come on, big boy. Give Justine a hard one." She twerked her ass again.

He brought his hand down harder on the same spot. This time his hand stung. "Better, Jack. Stop being a sissy. You a sissy, Jackie boy?"

Now, she was getting under his skin. He pulled his hand back and brought it down hard enough to move her on the table.

He heard her moan. "Oh, there you. Yessss! Now, the other side."

SMACK! Another moan. "More Jack. Oh, yes. More."

A half dozen more strokes on each ass cheek and he realized that she really liked the pain of his hand. Surprisingly enough, he like the sensation of pleasing her. He laid his hand on the place he had been hitting. It was hot and he felt an almost electric thrill from her as he touched her ass. He let his fingers drift between her legs. She was swollen and wet. She whimpered as his fingers slid into the lips of her pussy. 

He shook his hand to relieve the sting. He needed something besides his hand for this pain hungry woman. He remembered the brush in his belt. He knelt down and kissed the cheeks of her ass. "Don't go anywhere baby."

"Bet on it."

He walked over to his belt and smiled as he saw the handle of the paintbrush protruding. He used it for cleaning corners etc. It was dry and almost new. He also spotted a yardstick leaning in the corner. He grabbed both and returned. He gave her a pair of hard smacks. "Glad I'm back, Justine?"

"Oh, yeah. What ya got for me, now?"

He took the yardstick and rubbed it back and forth across her ass and the crease where her ass joined her legs. "Mmmm". He picked it up and tapped her a few times to tease. Then, he picked up the brush and used it like a cane for a half dozen strokes; hard and sharp.

"Ouch. Hey!"

"Surprise!" He turned the brush and drew the bristles lightly across her ass. He couldn't see it, but he knew it was a bright pink. The skin on her ass shivered at the caress of the horsehair bristles. He heard a quiet moan and she shifted on the table.

"Hold still, or I'll use the brush on your ass again." He set the brush down and picked up a roll of tyvek tape from the box beneath the sawhorses. In a swift movement he wrapped her ankles to the saw horse legs and then moved around to tape her wrists to the other legs. As he did, his cock presented itself to Justine.

She flicked the bobbing tip of it with her tongue. "Hey, as long as you're here."

Jack stepped forward and allowed himself to slip into her willing mouth. She couldn't move, so he face fucked her for a minute. Then, he reached down and grasped the back of her head sliding his cock in until her nose was buried in his belly. He held her there until he felt her buck and choke. 

He pulled out; a drool of spit bridging the gap between cock tip and mouth. "Fucker!"

"You've got to learn to make your specs tight, baby, or you get what the contractor wants and not you." He walked back around and picked up the paint brush. He turned it around and wiped some of her slobber on the 1" diameter, dowel-like 8" smooth handle. He rubbed the handle down the split of her ass and then slowly inserted it into her pussy. Justine moaned.

"Just like that. You said fuck me. You didn't say with what. Shame too. Now, I might need a new paint brush." He slowly drew it in and out.

"Bastard!"

He left the brush in her pussy and spanked her again, four times. He saw the brush sliding out and grabbed it before it fell. Then, he dragged it back up her ass crack until the end of the handle rested against the puckered entry to her ass hole. He pushed, gently.

"Oh, no!" She thrashed her ass. "No way."

"Too bad. It's such a tight pretty ass, too." He spun the brush around and placed the bristles against her ass. He rubbed it around a bit as she bucked and thrashed. Then, with practiced ease, he stepped forward and guided the tip of his rock hard sloppy cock into her hot wet cunt.

"Ohhhhh Fucccckkkk"

Jack tossed the brush onto the table, grasped her hips and began a deep thrusting motion. "Yes, ma'am. I believe this was the spec." He felt her relax and moan with each deep thrust. "You've got a nice pussy, Justine. Wet, tight and, most of all, wrapped around my cock."

When he said that he began a hard pounding of his trussed, thrashing and moaning target. He pulled out until the head almost dropped and then slammed back into her belly; each thrust met by an grunt of pleasure. Two minutes of hard fucking passed, the only sounds his belly slapping against her ass, the wet sloppy slurp of cock pounding wet pussy and her moans and grunts. Then, he let go with one hand and slapped her ass cheeks, 'one-two' hard!

"FUCK!" and he felt her jerk in orgasm. "Oh, God. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck." Her pussy spasmed around his plunging cock and she tried to buck back against him. He felt a rush of new liquid flood her pussy from her orgasm. 

She collapsed back onto the table, alternately panting and moaning. "You must have liked that." He gently rubbed her ass as he continue his pounding until he felt his own climax rise.

"Ungh!" He plunged in and held as he added his cream to hers, deep in her belly. Jet after jet of cum spilled into her until he felt it pass and he put his hands on the table next to her. Panting, he whispered loudly. "I've got to inspect my builds more often."

"Fucker."

He chuckled. "Yes, ma'am. I believe you could call me that." He withdrew, a stream of mixed cum dribbling on the subfloor. He picked up his T shirt and wiped his belly and cock, tossing the shirt on the table. 

He pulled his shorts on and picked up his tool belt. "Hey, you going to leave me here?"

He walked to the front of the table. "Well, I'll be back in a couple of hours to keep working on your house. At least, I'll know where you are. Hey, I might even take another fuck."

"Son of a bitch!"

"Relax, Justine." He pulled a box cutter from his belt and poked the tape. She was still stuck, but a few tugs would loosen her limbs. "We must do this again, some time. Feel free to use my shirt to clean up. I'll collect it in the morning. Have a nice night." 

He slapped her on her tortured ass as he walked to the front of the house. A moment later, she heard his truck start and crunch across the gravel as it left the house site. She tugged an arm loose. 

Then, she collapsed back on the table and moaned; a satisfied smile on her face.