 It was a warm July evening and Heidi lay naked on the bed. Her legs were drawn upwards and apart, with two fingers pushed to the knuckle inside the velvet embrace of her moist sex. She had been stroking herself for half-an-hour and was feeling so aroused that she thought she would die if she didn't get laid soon. How she wished her boyfriend Tom was around to fuck her senseless! But that was not to happen, not today, and silently she cursed his employer for making him take that damn exchange programme, leaving her feeling lonely and frustrated. Ok, one month isn't long, but when you are a young, horny girl who isn't getting any then a month is just thirty days too long!

Closing her eyes, Heidi briskly slid her fingers in and out of her pussy and readied herself for yet another hard climax. But she was suddenly disturbed by the sounds of somebody outside her room trying to get in. "Tom?" she called out hopefully as she gently stroked the puckered lips of her clitoris. There came no reply, so she hopped off the bed and went to the door, covering her modesty with a thin bed-sheet. "Who's there?" she called anxiously.

"Only me. Can I come in?" It was Max, Tom's friend and colleague. "Ok. Wait a second." Heidi lifted the sheet above her large pendulant breasts and pulled it tight across her chest, holding it in place with the sides of her arms. Then she unlocked the door and let her caller in.

"Hi" she said welcoming Max as he strolled into her room. Heidi had always liked him and thought him very attractive. He was a handsome man, and there had always been a spark between them, a chemistry that she found hard to ignore at the best of times, and now she was feeling so horny it was almost impossible to hide. He began flirting immediately as was usual.

"Hi gorgeous. Are you ok, I thought I heard someone crying?" Max looked at the sheet that clung tight to Heidi's body, moulding itself to her curves like a second skin and he was at once entranced by the vision of beauty that stood before him.

"God, she's beautiful!" he thought. He could see quite clearly the trace of her lovely breasts and the prominent jut of her furry mound, and as he imagined what he would like to do to her he felt his cock grow hard.

"Oh yeah, I 'm fine thanks. I was having a little sleep, that's all." Heidi replied. "And enjoying yourself too by the look of things!" Max laughed. Heidi looked down to where Max gestured and noticed for the first time the damp patch on the sheet just above her crotch. She was so horny she was making everything wet! Looking up Heidi could see the large bulge in Max's shorts and felt then an overwhelming desire to lunge at him. She knew it would be wrong but she cared only for sex and needed it desperately now, so moving toward him slowly and provocatively she made her intentions clear.

"Yeah, I was getting myself off. Wanna help me?" she whispered in Max's ear. Max was gobsmacked at her invitation and wanted to say no, but before he could speak Heidi pounced, finding his mouth with hers and kissed him desperately hard. She didn't think of the consequences of her actions and didn't even care, she just wanted to be fucked there and then. Max tried to fight his passions but could not resist her, so willingly surrendered himself to her lust.

Heidi let go of the sheet as she tongued her new lover, letting it slip off her hot body to the floor, then pressed her nakedness against him. Her hand was between his legs and she could feel his hard passion through his trunks as he fondled her buttocks and kissed her harder still. Then Max whipped off his vest and shorts and Heidi gasped in surprise at the magnificent cock that he was blessed with, almost creaming herself as she held in her hand it's thick girth and generous length.

"I want you now!" Heidi moaned with breathy longing. They collapsed onto the bed and immediately she straddled his large erection and guided him inside her ravenous sex.

"Fuck me!" she moaned as she squat down onto his powerful weapon, his hands fondling the shapely cheeks of her bottom as with one hard thrust his throbbing member split the moist lips of her sex and slid easily within.

"Oh yes, ooh, uuuhhh" she gasped overwhelmingly as she steadied herself on his lap. Max was so completely inside her that Heidi could feel his pubic bone rub against her own as she began to jab at his eager cock, almost withdrawing as with passionate strokes she rode him slowly in careful measures.

Heidi closed her eyes as she serviced Max's straining cock with her copious passage, enjoying the friction he made against her mound as she squelched upon his rampant pole. As they kissed hungrily her movements became more persistent, her supple thighs gyrating toward his with aggressive poise. She pulled him closer still, pressing his muscular torso against her own sweaty body and as Heidi pummelled his tolerant cock she threw back her head, whimpering in delight.

"Ooohhh!" she screamed, leaning backwards as her rhythms became harder and more volatile, jutting her bouncing chest into Max's face. He gorged his mouth on her plump breasts, sucking an enlarged nipple while roughly groping the other as Heidi fucked him with enterprise. Then Max held her tightly by the waist and pumped her harder still as she squealed above him in ecstasy. 

"Oh yes, YES! Fuck me baby, fuck me" she moaned, her supple body climaxing in waves of orgasmic convulsions as she came incessantly and repeatedly. Heidi collapsed into Max's arms and lay there panting in his hot embrace, feeling satiated and content.

Resting momentarily she nuzzled against his broad neck, whispering to him as her orgasm subsided. But once the elation had passed she began once more to gyrate her insistent sex against his manhood, making delicious noises as her circular motions more aggressive.

"Oh Max, oh baby, oh! That's right, oh yes! Give it to me Max, oh! Fuck me, fuck me good " she pleaded as he shifted his bottom and pushed his cock deeper inside her vulva.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, harder baby, harder, come on baby, oh yeah" Max responded aggressively, all the while kissing her neck and breasts while his hands made busy fingering her bottom. With compulsion he slipped his middle finger between her marble cheeks and inserted it into her ass. Heidi responded favourably, moaning without objection to his delightful invasion. She held tightly to Max as her movements became more orderly, and pumping on his cock like this with his finger deep inside her anus it was only seconds before another climax washed over her with thunderous aplomb.

"Oh god, yes, YES! YES! YES! OOOHHHHH!" Heidi cried out deliriously as she threw her shapely body against his and the saturation between her legs gushed out onto his still erect penis. Panting heavily she kissed Max hard with her sensual mouth in appreciation of his technique and staying power. He had proven to be a persevering lover and yet while Heidi was twice satisfied, he remained erect inside her. Max had yet to come, so she decided to finish him off in her mouth.

Easing herself off his patient cock Heidi slid her sinuous body down his muscled torso until she was kneeling between his thighs as though in worship to some magnificent god. She began by gently caressing his balls while mouthing the base of his penis then licking him greedily along the length of his twitching shaft, her hot tongue flitting deftly about it's swollen head. Then she swallowed him whole, taking his full ten inches into her throat, and as she began to bob up and down energetically on his slab of meat she felt his bottom arch off the bed and his groin thrust hard against her face.

"Oh baby, oh yeah" Max moaned loudly as Heidi performed expert fellatio on him. Sensing Max had reached his peak, she took him out of her mouth and into her hand where she tossed him off until he was about to come. Then she placed his tool between the soft cushion of her bosom where she masturbated him with her fleshy pillows until his body stiffened and he ejaculated warm semen all over her breasts.

"Uh, uh, uuhhhhh!" he moaned insensibly as he coated her breasts with a thick spray of cum. Heidi held him momentarily between her cum-streaked breasts until he was spent of passion, then standing up fetched a towel and removed his sticky residue from her bosom, wiping clean her throat and chest. Then she lay next to him on the damp sheets and sucked the remaining salty droplets from his shrivelled cock.

"That was wonderful" she said dreamily. "Yes" Max replied. "But It's not over yet" Max climbed on top of her sensual body and traced his tongue over her wet skin until his head rested between her smooth thighs. He put his hands upon her hips and looked her up and down, nodding in approval.

"Beautiful" he whispered. Max lowered his head to Heidi's stomach and his mouth was suddenly upon her again, planting soft butterfly kisses upon her belly and navel. Then he moved his attentions down further toward her willing sex. Heidi gave little moans of pleasure at the sweet sensation of his mouth upon her skin, his warm breath sending shivers through her body as he pulled open the pink lips of her flower and placed his tongue inside them, teasing her clit inventively with gentle licks that sent her body into spasms. Heidi's response was predictable, gasping heavily as she thrust her soiled pussy into his face, her legs widening to receive his expert tongue that danced so heavenly upon her.

"Oh god, yes, uuhhh, uhhh" she cried without demur as Max licked her sex diligently. Heidi grasped onto Max's scalp and pushed his tongue deeper inside her flooded vessel, losing herself on the prodigious rhythms of his masterful cunnilingus until she threatened to burst all over him.

But Max knew instinctively when she was about to come and withdrew quickly, pulling his taut body above hers. Heidi tilted her head to find his open mouth and then he was upon her, kissing tenderly as he tickled the tanned cheeks of her pert bottom. Max then traced his fingers along the flat of her stomach and Heidi lifted her arms, giving him the freedom to grope her breasts, as their kiss became more passionate. She could feel his fresh arousal poking at her moist entrance, so parting her legs wide she allowed Max to mount her smoothly. 

He rode her like a gentle bull, caressing her bosoms and thighs as he brought her swiftly to climax, conducting the brutal orchestra of her desire as a symphony of orgasms shook powerfully through her limp body.

"OH GOD, YES! YES! OH!" Heidi squealed as Max continued to shaft her tight portal, nearing his own finale. She could feel another climax approaching so thrust upward against to meet his rhythm, imploring him not to stop.

"Please, oh god yeah, oh! "she begged crazily, lost in the exact rhythms of their lovemaking. But so crazed was the intensity of their sex that Max withdrew and flipped Heidi over then roughly penetrated her backside. He held her tightly by the waist as he rode her pervious behind and brought them both to a loud and peerless orgasm.

"OH GOD! YES! YES! UHHHH!" Heidi squealed deliriously as she came, and at the same time Max moaned loudly then dug his fingers into the wet flesh of her buttocks and released his streams of hot passion inside her ass.

Feeling tired but elated, Max climbed off Heidi then lay next to her on the pillows that had become stained with the juices of their lovemaking and embraced her tightly. He kissed her flushed cheeks and whispered softly into her ear.

"Oh baby, you were wonderful, that felt so good." he complemented while stroking her satiated body. Heidi smiled and stretched outwards.

"Hmmm, incredible, I haven't come like that in ages. Thank you, I needed that" she replied happily, kissing him on the cheek.

"Anytime. You're one hell of a fuck, you know that?" "I know, Tom keeps telling me!" Heidi awnsered as she stroked his depleted cock.

Minutes later they were saying their goodbyes, as Max had noticed the time and decided it best to leave before someone caught them at it. Heidi left him to dress and went to shower, washing off the juices and semen that coated her groin and belly. She let the water cascade over her soapy body until fully refreshed then returned to her room wearing only a towel. Max had already left so Heidi stood by the window towelling her hair and thinking of the illicit sex she had enjoyed that day. Lost again in daydreams she failed to hear the footsteps behind her and gave a short gasp as she felt two arms wrap around her waist and warm lips nuzzle against her neck. Thinking it was Max returning for more she smiled and dropped the towel to the floor, then turned round and jumped slightly to see Tom grinning before her.

"Hello gorgeous" he said happily. "I'm home!" "Hi. How are you? I wasn't expecting you yet " she said flustering.

"Didn't Max give you my message then?" "Message? Oh yeah, he gave it to me alright, I'm just surprised to see you, that's all." Tom pulled her close and began to kiss her hard with a pent up passion.

"Oh baby, I've missed you so much..." He moved her toward the bed and lay her down on the edge of the soft mattress. Then he unbuckled his trousers, dropped them to his feet and climbed on top of her still wet body and slipped his cock inside her warm passage.

"Hmm, you're so wet. What have you been doing to yourself?" he said in between his heavy moans. Tom thrust himself selfishly hard, not caring for her own pleasure. Within a minute he was gasping breathlessly and clawing his fingers into her buttocks as he convulsed and climaxed deep within her belly. When his senses returned he looked at her lovingly and kissed her forehead gently.

"So, are you going to tell me what you did to make yourself so wet?" he asked teasingly. Heidi looked at him with wide, innocent eyes.

"Oh, I couldn't possibly tell you that. It's a secret" And with that she laughed to herself as Tom withdrew and made himself decent. Two lovers in one day. Could she ever better that?