 I was pissed. 

It wasn't that they had left me alone in the house for the next couple weeks, they'd been doing that since I was ten. I was pissed because they had uprooted me from my home and my friends who were my family and forced me to move to this shit hole suburbia.

My dad claimed it was because the company needed him closer to HQ, but I believed it was because my parents were inconsiderate ass holes. We were close to head quarters now, but my mom and him were who knows here and I was stuck here. 

I thought this town was going to be boring as hell... until I saw... him.

I'd opened my window to let in a nice breeze while I was searching through my closet. I was wearing red lacy boy shorts and nothing else when I felt like someone was watching me. I glanced out the window and he was standing there watching me from his own window with a big smirk on his face.

He looked about my age maybe even older and was fairly attractive with short spiked light brown hair, full lips, and a nice tan muscular body. He was definitely my type and that sexy smirk turned me on.

As I walked over to my window I didn't cover myself up instead I made sure he got a good view of my bare DD chest. I smirked back at him as he gave me a hungry look and I winked before pulling the curtains back over the window. 

I'd had many guys check me out before, but for some reason the neighbor boy watching me got me very excited. I wasn't a stranger to being watched I was 5'6'' with killer legs, a firm ass, large breasts, small trim waist, long naturally white blonde hair, baby blue eyes, and bow lips that some people described as DSL (dick sucking lips.)

Now that I was eighteen guys had been even more interested in me.

None the less I was excited and horny so I called the only person I knew who could help. 

"Hey Alex," I said in a sultry voice when he answered. 

"Hmm that voice sounds like trouble Aria," Alex said amused. 

I laid down on my bed and took off my panties before saying anything back. "Well I'm currently very naked on my bed and wishing you were here," I said biting my lip. 

"Mmm is that so?" I could here the want in his voice. 

"What would you do to me if you were here?" 

"I'd slide my finger in that tight pussy with one hand and with the other I'd play with your nipples," he began. I put the phone on speaker and set it next to my head as I began doing exactly what he said. 

"Mmm yeah what next?" I moaned. 

"I'd rub your clit getting you even wetter and ready for my cock," he growled. Again I did what he said and started rubbing my clit. 

"I need your cock Alex I'm so wet and turned on right now," I whimpered as I finger fucked myself. It wasn't enough I needed the real thing to release this pressure. 

"Get out your vibrator baby," he chuckled. I blindly rifled through my bed side table until my hand grasped the pink vibrating monster Alex had somehow convinced me to buy.

I turned it on and positioned it at my hole. 

"Now imagine me spreading those sexy legs and ramming my cock inside you," he said. I spread my legs farther apart and plunged the vibrator in my hole. 

"Oh fuck!" I moaned as I slowly penetrated myself with the dildo. 

"Mmm I wish I could see you right now, I bet that pussy is just dripping."

The vibrating sensation felt amazing it wasn't the real thing, but it would do for now. The stimulation mixed with Alex telling me all kinds of dirty things worked me up pretty fast. 

"Ohhh Alex!" I moaned as I came. 

"Fuck I love the sound of you cumming," he complimented. 

"I'm still so horny," I laughed with a sigh. 

"Well darling I wish I was there to help you, but you are sexy as hell and any guy would give an arm and a leg to take care of that problem for you," he laughed. 

"True," I joked. 

"If you want to send me some pictures of that sexy little body I wouldn't say no... just saying," he said and I could almost hear the smirk in his voice. 

"Hmm you have been very good to me," I bit my lip. I pressed the home button so I could access my camera while I was still on the phone with him. I took a few pictures from the neck down and then just of my wet pussy and spread legs. I giggled as I sent them to him and he cursed as his phone received them. 

"Damn baby I miss you, thanks for this."

"That's to tide you over until I graduate in a couple months and move back, and when I'm back I expect you to be locked in a bedroom with me for a minimum of two days." 

"That is fine by me," he chuckled. 

"Well I will let you go and I'll text you later," I sighed. 

"Alright love ya Arie bug," he chirped. 

"Love you too Alex, bye," I smiled as I ended the call. 

I put the vibrator back in my side table as I sat up and frowned. I don't know why I was so unreasonably horny, but I needed to do something. I got up and grabbed a burgundy drop shoulder varsity striped crop top sweatshirt and put it on. I grabbed a pare of short black spandex and put those on too. I lounged around my house for a while, watching tv, until I decided to go out front. I told myself if the hot neighbor was outside I'd introduce myself and see how it went from there. I slipped on some flip flops and slipped out the front door. 

My heart beat loudly in my chest as I spotted him getting the mail from his mailbox. I waited until he'd walked back across the street before approaching him. 

"Hey neighbor," I greeted him with a mischievous grin. 

"Hey there," he eyed me up and down, his eyes staying on my just for a moment before moving to my face. 

"So do I get to know the name of the guy who saw me naked or would you rather remain anonymous?" I teased. 

"My name is Noah, what's yours?" he laughed. 

"Ariella, but everyone calls me Aria," I shrugged. 

"That's an unusual name," he nodded in approval. 

"I like it most of the time," I shrugged. His eyes wandered up and down my body and I bit my lip thinking about what he most likely wanted to do to me. 

"See something you like?" I chuckled. 

"A few things actually," he winked. 

"You busy?" I batted my lashes.

"Not particularly why?" his eyes met mine again.

"Want to hang out?" I said running my fingers through my hair. I knew lifting my arm like that would pull my shirt up just a little to expose part of my breast.

"Your house or mine?" he gave me a smoldering look.

"Mine." 

"Okay, I'll be over in a sec I just need to put the mail away," he said.

I headed back to my house and made sure to leave the door unlocked for him. 

When he arrived a few moments later I led him up to my room. 

I turned on my tv to a random channel and sat down on my bed. Noah followed suit and sat down next to me. We were shoulder to shoulder and thigh to thigh.

"So what do you like to do Noah?" I askedto break the silence. 

"Play football and basketball, uh I'm pretty good with cars, and yeah this is suburban hell there's not much to do," he chuckled. 

"Ugh I know, I've been so bored all day," I huffed and flopped down on my back. My crop sweatshirt pulled up as I did so and exposed the bottom half of my breasts. 

"I know a way to relieve that boredom," he smirked down at me. 

"Very smooth Noah," I laughed. 

"I thought so," he ran a finger along the top of my shorts. My pussy tingled in anticipation and I had to bite my lip to keep from whimpering. 

"Haven't even known me twenty minutes and already you're trying to get in my pants," I joked. 

"Hey I've been hard since I saw you earlier, you can't blame me for wanting to have sex with you," he licked his lips. 

"What you like these?" I pulled the sweatshirt up more so my breasts were fully exposed. 

Noah groaned and he began massaging my breast making me moan in response. 

My phone began ringing my mother's ringtone and I cursed as I picked it up. 

"Hi mom," I sighed. Noah's hand slid down my bare stomach and under my shorts to my wet lips. I gave him a 'what the fuck are you doing' look and he just winked at me. 

"Hi honey, how is everything? Have you gotten your school supplies yet?" she jabbered on. Noah slid two of his fingers along my slit and without hesitation he plunged them inside my hole. I bit back a gasp and grabbed the side of my bed digging my nails into it. 

"No not yet, I will tomorrow... everything is good," I panted. 

"Ariella are you okay? You sound like you are out of breath?" my mom asked worriedly. Noah grinned devilishly at me as he worked me with his fingers. I nearly drew blood as I bit my lip hard to silence my moans.

"I'm working out... just got done running," I gasped. 

"Oh good for you honey... well I just wanted to make sure you were alive I'll let you get back to it, love you!" 

"Love you too, bye," I hurriedly hung up. I moaned loudly as I dropped my phone to the floor and Noah began rubbing my clit with his thumb. 

"I hate you," I growled around a moan. 

"Mmm I don't think you do," Noah laughed completely removing his hand from me. 

"What?" I frowned. 

He laughed as he grabbed my sweatshirt and pulled it over my head and off. Then he slowly peeled my spandex off and flung my clothes somewhere in my room. 

"You are a special kind of ass hole," I growled as my pussy yearned for his touch. 

"Careful Aria you be mean and I'll be mean right back," he said as he tugged on my nipples. 

"Mmm fuck maybe I like it rough," I growled and whimpered at the same time.

He pulled his own shirt over his head revealing chiseled abs, fine pectoral muscles, and a trail of hair leading to what I really needed.

I grabbed for his pants and with a grin he let me unbutton them and pull them down. He pulled them off along with his boxers and climbed over me his cock pressing against my pussy.

"Are you on the pill?" he asked. 

I nodded and he leaned down to kiss me as his bare cock pushed inside my hole. The tip of his dick squeezed into my tight hole and I moaned as I was stretched to accommodate his size.

His cock was bigger than anything I'd ever taken or seen for that matter. He was even bigger than the dildo that sat dormant in my bed side table now. It felt incredible being so full. 

He pushed in slowly his thumbs massaging my hip bones. I wrapped my fingers around the wooden poles on my head board bracing myself. 

As I grew used to his large size Noah began thrusting harder inside of me. My bed rocked as he increased his speed and my pussy quivered in delight. 

This boy knew how to please a woman and boy was he pleasing me. 

"Ohhh yeah harder Noah," I thrust my hips to meet his and wrapped my legs around him. My heels dug into his muscular ass and my body shook as he pounded inside me. 

He bent down flicking his tongue over my nipple making me shudder in pleasure. He still thrust hard inside me as he licked and sucked my sensitive nipples. After another flick of his tongue he bit down hard on my nipple making me moan in pleasure and in pain. He smirked as a writhed beneath him the pleasure nearly becoming too much for me. He repeated his process to my other breast and I nearly came as he hit my g-spot with hard precise thrusts. 

"More," I managed to gasp out as he took my pleasure to new heights. 

More of what I wasn't sure, but I had a feeling Noah was unlocking a more deviant side to me. 

Noah took his own meaning from my gasp and the next thing I knew his long fingers were wrapping around my throat applying a slight pressure. I'd never been choked during sex before, but I had a feeling I'd like it so I let Noah continue. 

I bucked my hips against his which he took as a sign to apply even more pressure. All of the sensual sensations I was experiencing at once built my orgasm to an incredible height. I was unable to talk with Noah's hand around my throat, but I gasped and grunted as my body released into an earth shattering orgasm. Noah released my throat letting me scream in pleasure as I came and he began thrusting harder inside me until he pulled completely out of me. His hot load spurted onto my stomach and chest and I panted as I tried to catch my breath. 

"Fuck you are so damn sexy," Noah grunted leaning over me as he too caught his breath.

"I- I've never been choked before that was--, mmm," I was at a loss for words. 

"That was nothing compared to what I could do to get you to cum," he perused my naked and spent body with his gorgeous eyes. 

"I think I'd let you do just about anything right now," I chuckled breathlessly. 

"You shouldn't have said that," he growled. His cock grew hard against my thigh again and I bit my lip. 

"Said what? That I want it hard... rough? I want you to make me cum like no one ever has," I teased spreading my legs wide open for him. 

"I don't think you know what you're asking for," he growled rubbing his thumb against my clit. I moaned and then yelped in pain as he pinched my nub. 

"I know what I want," I urged him. Noah didn't make me tell him twice, he nudged me so I'd flip over and then he pulled my hips so my ass wiggled in the air ready and waiting for him. 

He roughly grabbed my arms and pulled them behind me leaving me with my face awkwardly pressed against the mattress. I didn't care though I was too excited as he used my discarded top to tie my wrists behind me. I was completely vulnerable to him and it was extremely exciting. 

"Now relax Aria," he murmured as his thumb pushed into my wet hole and then quickly retreated. Lubed with my own cum his thumb slid into my tight virgin ass hole which was painful yet pleasureful all at once. As his thumb penetrated me his cock pressed against my pussy teasing my hole until he finally thrust inside me. I was being double penetrated and it was unlike anything I'd ever felt before in my life. His free hand tangled in my hair and pulled lifting me off the bed and making my scalp sting. Everything he was doing was... fucking incredible. I barely knew the guy but somehow he knew exactly what to do to my body to make it respond. 

"Mmm Noah, just like that," I whimpered biting my lip as I tried to hold off my rapidly growing orgasm. His hand released my hair sending me collapsing back to the mattress. His thumb retreated from my ass only to be quickly replaced by the tip of his cock. His hand struck my cheek hard enough to leave a mark as he pushed that thick mushroom tip of his into the one place no man had ever been. 

"Mmm ungh, oh umm ugh," I growled against the mattress. I wasn't sure if I wanted him to stop or keep going, but my body was too wound up for me to think clearly. 

He pushed his cock further inside my hole and I gasped at the tearing sensation his huge member caused as he stretched me far beyond my limit. 

"Fuck yeah damn you're tight," he grunted as he thrust deeper. 

"Oh ugh fuuuck," I screamed. His knuckles cracked against my already reddened cheeks as he fully impaled me. He was still for a moment before pulling his member out a little before slamming right back home. One of his hands slid around to my front and between my thighs. He expertly massaged my clit as he began to increase his speed as he thrust. I grunted both in pain and pleasure as he penetrated me. His fingers roughly pulled and rubbed my nub making my thighs quiver. 

"Mmm I'm going to cum," I gasped feeling an entirely foreign and exciting sensation. I'd never had an orgasm from being anally penetrated before, but my word it was amazing. 

Noah kept thrusting hard and fast even after I came and when his sweet load filled my hole I gasped at yet another new sensation. He waited a moment before untying me and I collapsed to the bed utterly exhausted. 

"You are going to be a very fun neighbor Aria," he chuckled as we both caught our breath. 

"Mmm you too Noah, you too," I sighed.