 Chapter 2: The Dwarf

Judy awoke in the early dawn. She was shivering from the chill of the night. She moved in the mud that had covered her like a soft warm blanket throughout the dark hours and realized that there was no natural heat here anymore. The muck had slowly cooled. That she had remained still allowed the goo next to her absorb the natural warmth from her body and return some of it to her. Once she began moving around she found herself chilled to the bone. Her teeth chattered as she struggled to free herself of the muck.

No easy task that. Judy found herself held fast by invisible forces that sucked her back into the muck. The harder she struggled to break free, the harder the mud held her in place. She panicked and began screaming as she pulled first one foot and then the second free, only to have her head sink completely under the sucking mire. Gasping for air, and in her fear, she used all of her strength and broke free, rising upright, only to feel her feet sinking deeper and deeper in quicksand. Judy thought she was going to be pulled completely under. But then, as the foul muck rose to her breasts, she felt her feet touch hard earth. But she could not move. She lacked the strength to break free of the bonds that held her. She called out for help not expecting anyone to hear her.

Suddenly a rope fell next to her face. "Hold on tight," a strange voice called from the bluff. "I'll pull you out of there."

She grasped the rope and was relieved when it drew taunt, and slowly she felt herself being drawn upward and out of her entrapment. Within minutes she was on solid footing, and she scrambled up the embankment. There she met Oscar, the strange twisted dwarf of the woods.

He was hideous to look at. He had a humped back, a twisted spine that made one leg appear longer than the other, and a distorted face that made him grotesque in appearance. Uneven, extra large yellow teeth. One eye larger than the other. His beard failed to hide the imperfections. In spite of his strange appearance, Oscar was extremely powerful. Thick muscular arms made short work of pulling Judy's naked body from the gripping muck and up the steep embankment. Within minutes she was standing, naked, shivering, and surprisingly self-conscious in front of this strange little creature.

"How did you get in there like that?" he asked.

"It's a long story," she chattered. "I was thrown in by some guys who left me to die. I couldn't get out."

"A joke?"

"I don't think so," she said. "I think they meant to kill me. Or they thought I was dead and just were getting rid of my body. I passed out at a party."

She noticed him looking at her body and saw a distinct bulge shaping in the man's pants. "Oh god," she thought. "He wants to fuck me."

Judy was naked, but she was so filthy and smelly from the muck and not cleaning up after being gang banked by 20 men, she could not understand how she could arouse anyone right now, even this little troll of a creature. But then, she thought, he is so malformed and ugly, he has probably never had a woman. Probably never seen a woman naked before, she thought. The idea of turning on this little man began arousing her as she followed him through the forest. 

They walked for what seemed to be a very long time, but mostly on a trail that Oscar obviously used to make his way through the trees. Soon they came to a stream with a small waterfall. It was a perfect place for her to bathe. "Thank you," she said. "I love it." As she stepped gingerly into the stream, she noticed that he was removing his clothes. As he followed her into the water she saw that his cock was erect, and very large. He was uncircumcised, and his massive organ was at least a foot in length. What this man lacked in physical characteristics, he made up for in this part of his anatomy. Judy the whore had never seen such a cock on any man, and she had seen a lot of cocks.

She walked under the falls and let the water rinse the mud from her hair and her body. It was not long before she felt fresh and clean again. She noticed Oscar was splashing in the water nearby, also bathing. She noticed with interest that he was carefully cleaning his magnificent penis. There was no doubt as to his intentions. The idea of letting this grotesque little creature have his way with her was amusing, but also sensually exciting. She found herself getting very aroused. When she waded to the edge of the stream the nipples of her ample tits were swollen like daggers, and she realized that she was wet with anticipation. 

He was waiting for her at the water's edge, and like a gentleman, he took her hand and helped her step up and out of the water. It was a tall step and she fell on her knees in the tall grass, and found her face just inches away from his great organ. Semi-erect, now, its head was tucked deep in the folds of its purple foreskin. She reached out and touched it, gently taking it in her hand. "It is so beautiful," she said. "I think you want to fuck me don't you?"

"Yes my lady," he answered. "More than anything."

Gripping it harder now, she began gently masturbating him, feeling his cock quickly harden, thicken and go stiff. As it filled with blood, she watched the great oval head slowly emerge from its protective sack. By the time it was fully extended, she had her mouth on it, kissing, stroking, and licking the great cock until it glistened with its deep dark redness. 

Pulling him with her, Judy gently fell backward into the soft grass. The little troll lost no time. With an almost frantic urgency, he fell on her, ramming his throbbing cock into her waiting pussy. She was so ready for him. She felt it slide deep into her, its pulsating thickness forcing her muscular vulva wide. She gasped as he plunged even deeper, pushing to the limit of her vagina and demanding even more.

He was much shorter than Judy, so his face was in perfect alignment with her excited tits. As he fucked her, the midget began sucking, first the left nipple and then the right. She moaned with pleasure, her hands pulling his face into her tits, forcing him to suck harder. She felt his great cock sliding in and out of her, quickly exciting her swollen clitoris. 

She felt her muscles begin to contract as the extreme pleasure of orgasmic pulsation overpowered her. The troll moaned, his entire body going stiff as his massive love muscle exploded. She screamed from the pleasure he gave her, her head twisting in the grass as she felt him ejaculate his seed deep into her hot and unprotected cunt. 

They remained locked in their shared ecstasy for several wonderful minutes, letting the great climax slowly subside before moving. He seemed unwilling to withdraw his still jerking, half-erect organ, nor was she anxious to want it to go. He had sucked her nipples so hard they were both swollen and red. She was overwhelmed by a great feeling of complete satisfaction.