 by Philp Johnson

Chapter One







When he got out of his car and saw her unloading shopping bags from her trunk he headed toward her saying, "Morning Tisha how's my favorite neighbor." "Morning Jake what are you doing home in the middle of the day?" 

"I'm doing most of my work at home now. I go in to the office once or twice a week for meetings is all." 

"Sounds pretty nice." 

"So far I love it. Let me help you with those bags." 

"You don't have to do that Jake." 

"It's no bother." 

With his arms loaded he followed her in the back door and as she sat her bags down she said, "Just put them on the counter anywhere." 

Jake sat the bags down and leaned back against the counter asking, "How's Vern?" 

"Fine as far as I know. I got an email from him yesterday saying they were headed for Sault Ste. Marie." 

"I don't know how he can stand being on that ship and away from you for weeks at a time." 

"I think he's crazy and I hate having him gone so much of the time but he seems to love it and I have to admit the money's great. The part I hate the most is the spring. They can have such violent storms on the Great Lakes that time of year." 

"You're a strong woman Tisha." 

"Thanks but I've learned to live with it I guess. Got time for coffee?" 

"I always have time to have coffee with a beautiful woman." 

She gave him a nice smile, looked at him and said, "Myra warned me about you but thanks. Make yourself comfortable, the coffee will only take a couple of minutes." 

"How's Glenn doing in college?" 

"Pretty good. He'd do better if he studied as hard as he played. How's Gina doing?" 

"Pretty good. She has a boyfriend and they're going to his folks place for spring break so it might be serious." 

"Sure sounds like it could be. How does Myra feel about that?" 

"Anxious I guess and eager to meet him."

Tisha handed him his coffee and joined him at the table continuing, "I'd be anxious too I think." 

"So what's my pretty neighbor doing these days?" 

"I've interviewed for a couple of jobs but I doubt I'll get either one. I'm not exactly qualified for them but I thought I'd try. I'm not in any real hurry to go back to work right now I guess." 

"It's nice that you have an option." 

"Sure is. How is it you have time to goof off with me instead of work?" 

"It's a slow time for us right now so it won't be hard to catch up." 

After a moments pause she said, "Could I get you to help me move a dresser one of these days?" 

"Sure, we can do it right now if you'd like." 

"Thanks. I just want to move it over to the other wall." 

"Let's do it." 

Jake followed her into her bedroom and she showed him the triple dresser saying, "I want to put it on the other side of the door along that wall." 

"We better remove the drawers and the mirror so it won't be so heavy." 

"It's pretty heavy that's for sure." Tisha pulled a drawer and set it on the bed and Jake removed a drawer from his end. As he turned to place it on the bed he noticed it was full of her panties bras and nylons. Tisha noticed and with a flush of color on her cheeks said, "Oops, don't look." He took his time setting it down and studied her panties for a second. 

He turned and said, "Too late I'm afraid. Very sexy, too bad Vern isn't around to appreciate them." Tisha didn't know what to say or do so she reached for another drawer in silence. With the drawers on the bed they moved the dresser out and he loosened the thumbscrews that attached the mirror to the dresser. 

With the mirror on the bed the two of them managed to move the dresser over and reattach the mirror before putting it against the wall. When they started to replace the drawers Tisha reached for her underwear drawer and Jake said, "Oh no that's mine. That's my reward for helping you." He looked at her and gave her one of his winning smiles as he took the drawer from her. He made a production of eyeing the contents and even leaned over them and touched and sniffed before putting the drawer in place. What she didn't realize was he had seen her vibrators too. 

"Jake you are so bad. I'm embarrassed." 

"I just couldn't help myself." 

"Myra didn't warn me about you enough it seems." All she got in return was another of his smiles.

Once they were back in the kitchen Tisha poured them fresh coffee and they resumed their places at the table. "Thanks for the help Jake. It could have waited for Vern but who knows how long it would be before he got around to doing it." 

"My pleasure. Any more chores I can help you with?" 

"You've done quite enough." 

"All you have to do is call you know. It isn't like I live so far away." 

"Thanks but I'll try not to abuse you." 

"Abuse me but just don't ignore me." 

"Oh brother. No I won't ignore you either." 

They finished their coffee and Jake pushed his chair back saying, "Well if there is nothing more I can do for you I guess I'll go home and pretend to work." 

Tisha walked over to him and gave him a kiss on the cheek and said, "Thanks Jake, it's nice to know you're there if I need you." 

"If I can get a kiss for helping I'm sure there must be something else I can do for you some other time. Anytime day or night, that's my motto." 

"I'll remember that." As Jake went home he replayed their visit, his ogling her panties and spying her vibrators. With Vern gone more than being home it wasn't surprising to him that she would have them. Tisha was certainly attractive enough and those panties were pretty tiny and sexy. It caused him to picture her in them and he was impressed with his mental images. Once home he dove into his work and put those images away for the time being.

Tisha had another cup of coffee and then finished putting the groceries away. With that done she went back to the bedroom to survey the new arrangement and liked the look but made a couple more changes moving a small side table before being satisfied. As she sat on the edge of the bed looking around she remembered her panty drawer and smiled. It really was embarrassing but kind of sexy in a way and no harm was done. As she sat there the reality hit her that her vibrators were in that drawer too. Her smile disappeared and her heart skipped a beat as she moved quickly to open the drawer. She could only hope they were covered enough that he hadn't seen them but when she looked down they were there in plain sight. Even though she was alone she blushed a bright pink knowing he now was in possession of one of her most intimate secrets. Even Vern didn't know about them.

























            Chapter Two









Jake finished his work for the day and with a fresh cup of coffee went to the kitchen to read the paper and wait for Myra. When she came in a while later he kissed her and gave her ass a little pat saying, "Nice ass lady." 

"Thanks, miss me?" 

"Nah, I went over and visited with Tisha." 

"Oh really, tell me more." 

"Well let's see, I helped her carry her groceries, saw her panties and got a kiss is all." 

"Wait a minute, that's not all. Keep talking or die." Jake kissed her again and with a devilish smile told her the whole story. "That's more like it. Do you have a death wish or something, telling me that half a story to start with?" 

"I couldn't resist." 

"You are so bad. How's she doing?" 

"Fine it seems. I'll never understand their lifestyle but what the hell it's their choice." 

"So what kind of panties does she wear?" 

"Small, thin, sexy..." 

"Okay that's enough, I get the picture. You never bother to look at my panties in the drawer." 

"Of course not I'd rather see them on you. Better yet see you without them." "You're just turned on because you saw her panties." 

"Nah, what turned me on was picturing what she might look like in them." 

"Jake you shit, you're just trying to aggravate me." 

"Am I succeeding?" 

"If you want any loving in the next week or so you'll stop." 

Jake took her in his arms and said, "I'll stop if you'll make love to me." 

She put her arms around him and said, "I don't know if you deserve it." 

"I'll try to make it up to you." "Well since you put it that way..."

Over the years their fast and feverish love making had been replaced by a slower loving experience, but when he slipped into her it was still wonderful and the outside world was forgotten for quite a while. As they lay together talking after making love Myra said, "So you got to see her panties. You've had quite a day then." 

"That I have. I should be ashamed the way I made her blush but it was fun." 

"Plus you got to fantasize about her wearing them." 

"Yep that too. But don't worry little lady I'm still your man." 

"I certainly hope so." 

"I'm shallow but it takes more than panties to win my heart." "

Saturday morning while Jake was golfing, Myra called Tisha and said, "I hear you made Jake's day the other day." 

"Oh God Myra I was so embarrassed." 

Myra laughed and said, "Put the pot on and I'll come tell you about Jake's side of it." 

"It's already on, come on over." Five minutes later the two women were at the kitchen table leaning over their coffee cups and talking. "Let me tell you what Jake said when I got home from work. He told me about helping you and seeing your panties and getting a kiss and about the time I was ready to hit him he told me the whole story." Myra leaned farther over her coffee and in as soft conspiratorial voice continued, " He also said he thought they were very sexy and he spent quite a while thinking about how you would look in them." 

"Did he really? I hope you're not upset." 

"Of course not, it was just an innocent event and Jake was being...well he was being a guy I guess." 

"He did say that with Glenn gone so much that if I needed anything I was just to call. I guess that wouldn't be such a good idea. He can be such a devil." 

"Oh don't worry, if you need something call him. It seemed to make his day helping you." 

"Thanks. I can't imagine what I'd need him for right now but if you don't mind..." 

"No of course not. Like I said, he really enjoyed it." Tisha couldn't help but wonder if he told her about the vibrators and just the possibility made her want to blush. 

Feeling the need to change the subject she said, "I hear that Gina has a boyfriend now." 

"Yes, I can't wait to meet him, assuming that I will get to of course. I guess his parents have a place near the ocean in California." 

"Wow that takes some money." 

"I'd think so. Listen, I'd better get going and see to my house cleaning. Thanks for the coffee and chat." 

"You're welcome, thanks for loaning Jake to me." 

"Anytime."

It finally reached the point that Glenn would be home in two weeks and Tisha was getting pretty antsy. It had been almost two months since she'd seen him and he was scheduled to have two weeks at home before sailing again. That was before she got an email from him. She read, "I had the chance to work straight through until my next leave and make double pay. I didn't have time to check with you so I said okay. I just couldn't pass up the big bucks I'll be making, I hope you'll understand. I'll call you when I get a chance honey." Tisha sat there reading it over and over trying to accept what he'd decided but she was having trouble with it. Money is important but not that important. It wasn't like they were desperate. As strong a woman as she was she still spent the next couple of hours alone and crying.

Over the coming days she regrouped and became the strong woman again, enduring the separation from Glenn as before and getting on with life. That is until she tried to turn on the kitchen light and sparks flew all over the place scaring her out of her wits. With the wall switch off she stood there with shaking hands for a minute trying to decide what to do. She called Jake and said, "This is Tisha. Could I borrow you for just a little bit?" 

"Sure what's up?" 

"I think I almost set the house of fire with my kitchen light." 

"That sounds serious. I'm pretty grubby from my chores but let me grab a couple of tools and I'll be right over." 

Jake was wearing shorts and a thin tee shirt when he got there and when Tisha let him in and he noticed she looked a little frazzled. "You okay?" 

"Yes I just got scared for a minute. Sparks were flying all over the place and I just froze for a minute. I've been sitting here trying to get my hands to stop shaking." 

"Do you have a step stool" 

"I have a little two step kitchen ladder." 

"That would be perfect." Tisha returned with the little ladder and Jake climbed up to dismount the fixture. "I found your problem already. The wires have separated and they were arcing making the sparks. Whoever wired this didn't do it right. I'll have to cut the wire back a little but it's fixable and I should be done in fifteen minutes." 

"You're a life saver Jake." 

"Not to worry, you just go about what you were doing and I'll fix this. Of course it will cost you a cup of coffee and a kiss." 

"I think that can be arranged."

When the fixture went out Tisha was in the process of making a couple of dishes for the freezer so she went back to the counter and worked while Jake stood behind her and worked on the light. While he was concentrating on repairing the wire Tisha needed some onions from the refrigerator and without thinking turned and promptly ran into Jake shoving her face directly into his crotch. Her instinctive reaction was to grab him so she wouldn't fall and hopefully neither would he. His instinctive reaction was to look down to see what happened and to decide which way he was going to fall. She kept him from falling but he had a quick glimpse of her face buried between his legs. He was relieved he wasn't going to fall but she was just recovering from being startled when she realized she could feel his manhood against her face. It was a crucial few seconds before she realized what had happened and jumped back. Losing control she just stood there and started to cry. Jake jumped down and gently put his arms around her saying, "It was just an accident Tisha. There's no need to get upset over it." 

"I'm sorry Jake, God that was so clumsy of me." Her crying continued as she completely over reacted to the moment. 

While holding her tightly he said softly, "Tisha honey it's okay." 



















          Chapter Three





Jake continued to hold her until she gained some control and said, "I'm...I'm okay now I think." He looked at her trying to figure why she would break down over a simple accident, a funny accident when all was said and done. 

When it felt like she could talk he stepped back a couple of inches and looked into her face and said, "What's wrong?" 

"Glenn emailed that he's not coming home for a couple more months now and...I don't know everything just seemed to pile up on me I guess. When I turned around and ran my face into your...when I ran into you I guess I just lost it." "Let's sit at the table and have coffee and talk. The light can wait just a little while."

They sat in silence for a minute or two until Tisha said, "I'm so embarrassed, I mean I ran my face right into your...I could feel your..." 

"Yes I know. It was an accident. A funny and very pleasant accident actually." 

"Is it going to be every time you come over something happens to embarrass me?" 

"I doubt it but I have to say I'm looking forward to coming over here more and more." 

She was still looking down at her coffee cup but as she said, "Easy for you to say," she looked up at him. 

He was smiling at her in a way that she couldn't help but smile back. He kept his hundred watt smile going and said, "You're very pretty but you're prettier when you smile." 

"Jake what am I going to do with you?" 

"Just be sure to call me when you need a friend or help of any kind." 

"You know I will. Don't you ever get embarrassed?" 

"Not very often I guess. What just happened certainly didn't embarrass me in the least. It was..." 

"Yes I know an accident but it wasn't your face that...oh God I can't even say it." Jake was smiling but he felt bad for her discomfort. 

"Tisha honey the details of this will just be our little secret okay?" 

"Okay." Tisha stared at her cup again and said, "While I'm so embarrassed anyway I want to ask you a question. Did you tell Myra about everything you saw in my dresser drawer that day?" 

Jake paused a minute and then said, "No I didn't think there was any point in that. Tisha, you're alone for months at a time. What I saw makes perfect sense to me. That is another of our secrets." 

"Glenn doesn't even know about them." 

Jake took her hands in his and getting her to look at him continued, "Like I said, it will be our secret. You are a young, beautiful and vital woman with needs and desires. I'll never mention it or tease you about it." 

She finally found she could look at him and said, "Thank you Jake. You are a sweet and wonderful gentleman." 

His devilish smile returned again and he said, "Of course the next time you run into me like that I might not be such a gentleman." She couldn't help but smile when she said, "Jake stop talking like that I'm pretty vulnerable right now." 

"I think you're safe with me. Well at least for the time being anyway." 

"You are such a tease." 

Jake stood up and said, "Let's see if I can finish fixing this light for you." Tisha abandoned her project for the moment and just sat there watching him as he stood on the ladder and finished wiring the fixture. She couldn't help but look at where her face had just been and she couldn't help but remember feeling his cock 

and balls against her cheek and nose. It was more than a little unsettling when she realized she was wishing it could happen again. To get her mind off that kind of thinking she got up and made fresh coffee. "Since your fee is a kiss and coffee, the least I can do is make sure it's fresh coffee." 

"Actually it's your kiss that makes me want to come over." 

"Jake you are so full of it sometimes." 

"Yes I am sometimes but not that time." He stopped what he was doing and looked down at her with another of his smiles and then went back to work. When he was nearly done he said, "I think you better go buy another fixture for me to install. I can make this one work for now but I'd feel better if you had a new one up here." 

"Okay. I'll get that right away and you can put it in when you have time." 

"Just let me know when you have it and I'll fix you up."

Before long Jake stepped down and said, "That should keep you in lights until we can fix it properly." "Thank you so much Jake. Coffee and a kiss seems so inadequate for your hard work." 

"You're right I'm working too cheap so make it two kisses." 

"You are so sneaky but okay." 

"Plus two more for putting up the new one." 

"Of course." Tisha poured the coffee and they settled at the table again. As they shared coffee she said, "Do you realize that you know things about me that no one else in the world knows?" "I guess that's true." "I think it would only be fair if you told me one of your secrets too." 

"Wow, let me think. I do have one. Only Myra knows about this one. Are you sure you want to know?" 

"Yes." 

"I keep my pubic hair shaved off." Tisha didn't know what the secret would be but that one totally surprised her. 

Rather than blush she stared at him in surprise. "You're kidding, why?" 

"I did it once on an impulse and I've done it ever since." 

"Do many guys do that?" 

"Not many but some do." 

"Wow I never would have guessed that one." 

Jake stood up and said, "I better collect my pay and get back to work at home." Tisha stood up and kissed his cheek for his first kiss and then kissed him gently on the lips for the second one. 
