 "I've never felt better in my life."

"Yoga? You've really gotten into it I guess." Emmy stared into the compact mirror as she freshened her lipstick.

"I was pretty...umm...self-conscious at first, you know, what with being naked and everything."

"Naked?! Ewwww. I'll never go there with you! You've got to be kidding!" Emmy had dropped her hands to the table and leaned in. "Really? Naked? You do Yoga with a bunch of people naked?"

"No...Gawd, no! I'd never do it naked with a bunch of people. No, it's just Jacob and me - it's a private...so to speak." She giggled.

*-*-*-*

"It's pretty warm in there, so if you're not going to be undressed, I hope you brought a bathing suit or something."

She looked at Julie's reflection in the mirror, undressing and putting her clothes in a locker. Her own reflection stared back at her, half-undressed, uncertain. She removed her bra and panties and studied her body, wondering if she would ever go into that room undressed. The figure standing in front of her was thin, but not bony, she reminded herself. Her hips flared, framing a pair of long legs, knees and feet nicely proportioned and only barely dimpled. Her eyes traveled up the seam between her legs, resting for a moment on the wispy triangle of hair, the fox's tail and she shuddered at the thought of exposing herself. No way!

And then her stomach, one of her favorite features. Nicely toned, flat with a hint of muscles. She worked hard to keep her waist and abs that way. They looked so nice in the summer! But inevitably her eyes moved to her breasts, where they lingered, skittering around trying to find something nice about them. Too small, her nipples too large, her areolas barely a halo. She closed her eyes in disappointment. Someday, you'll do something about them. She continued her survey up to her collarbone and neck, well defined, strong but not as much definition as she would like. And then her face, triangular, is how her art teacher had described it, her lips a soft pink, her nose not quite a button, her eyebrows just right.

She liked her face and wasn't embarrassed in the least about any part of it. Her eyes flicked back to her breasts and she sighed. She still couldn't believe she'd agreed to do this with Julie. The chatter from the voices had all but died out, but the one still nagged every once in a while. Her curiosity was bigger than her fear.

"I still can't believe you do this with a guy all alone. I mean, what does Greg think?"

"I'm so horny afterwards," Julie was motioning her to get a move on. "As soon as he comes home from work I attack him. I give him the ride of his life all night long. He doesn't ask questions and that's fine by me. C'mon, I'm going to be late and I don't like to miss a minute of this! You need to get in there before me. Dunno why, it's just the rules." She shrugged.

Emmy looked away, blushing. She probably thinks I'm embarrassed. Greg wasn't the only one in that marriage without a clue. The memory of the sauna came back to her, as it did almost every day. And now she was hanging out with his wife! Nude! At a yoga studio! She continued getting into her bathing suit, wondering how she had gotten herself into this. Stupid!

*-*-*-*

"Hello Emmy? I'm Yogi Jacob. Welcome to the NamasteYoga Studio." He was muscular, smallish, dark skinned with a chiseled face. Only a few years older than me.

Emmy gave a shy hello and sat where he directed her - onto a soft cushion on a raised area in the back of the room. She hadn't intended to have a yoga session herself, she was there to "observe," whatever that mean. Why am I here??? The heat was terrific - just as Julie had warned her, but she hadn't expected the smell: the atmosphere was so thick with sandalwood she was surprised she couldn't see a haze.

She couldn't control her look when Julie came in, stark naked. Her eyes drifted to her red bush and back to her tear-drop breasts. Well, if you're going to be naked, you might as well have a body like Julie's. She ran through a mental inspection of her own, as she did whenever she was exposed this way, unconsciously running her fingers across the bikini to confirm it was still on.

She watched Julie arrange her mat on the floor, Each time she bent over, her sex peeked out between her legs. Each time Emmy blushed and closed her eyes. What was she doing here?

Yogi Jacob slipped a CD into a player and the room filled with a quiet strumming; an ethereal sound that added to its surrealism. Emmy wasn't sure where to look. Whenever she looked at Julie, she saw her friend, buck naked and exposed. And now, she watched as Jacob lifted the cotton tunic he had been wearing. His skin a dark bronze color, his chest and arms rippled as the tunic lifted above his head. Jacob was nearly hairless, with the exception of a thick crop on his head and small tufts under his arms, there was no evidence of hair on his slick skin. Her eyes glanced below his waist to see a thick cotton loin cloth, hiding his penis, but just barely. She could see the impression of his shaft and head, and as he moved, it swung gently against his legs. She looked back at her friend, afraid to be caught staring. The incense, the music and most of all the heat pressed down on her.

She sat further into the cushion and closed her eyes as Jacob's voice led Julie through the first sun salutations. The rhythms of his directions combined with the music to relax her. She started to drift off.

Moments later her eyes snapped open. Perhaps it was a sound, perhaps it was instinct or a sense of embarrassment—she didn't want to fall asleep in the studio. When she looked up, she found Julie in a downward dog, her legs extended straight back, the tips of her breasts just visible beneath her ribs.

Jacob was walking around her, making small adjustments, brushing her skin here, then a little there. With each touch Julie would move slightly, lifting her butt higher, dropping her shoulders lower.

Emmy sat transfixed. Her curiosity and the familiar arousal in her gut outstripped her embarrassment; she watched her friend perform her exercise. She imagined, for a brief moment, that it was her being led by the Yogi. She shifted slightly, easing tension in her hips.

Jacob had returned to the front of the room taking a silk sac from the table there. He directed her friend back into downward dog adjusting her legs, spreading her feet wider. She watched, as if witnessing a train wreck, when he removed a long, thick polished...rolling pin. NO! It wasn't a rolling pin at all. It was slightly curved and as she concentrated on it, she realized it tapered and blossomed slightly. She could feel her face burn as she realized it was the largest dildo she had ever seen in her life. Not that she had seen many, but surely this monster broke all records. The polished wood, dark with golden hues, caught the candle light as Yogi Jacob moved around her friend, positioning himself to face Julie's exposed sex.

She covered her eyes, and then stared, in shock that the situation had turned so weird. With Julie's feet spread, her head hanging down, her sex pushed out, Jacob gently stroked the head of the fake cock against her pussy. Emmy glanced from Julie's sex to her face, watching Julie's mouth opening.

'With your breath, Julie. Remember, breathe in across the back of your throat." With her next breath in, he slipped the head in between her lips. Each exhale he removed it. Slowly, as she breathed, he slipped it in further, until, after Emmy lost count, Julie was impaled on it.

The effect on Emmy was dramatic. She noticed a new scent in the air. Looking carefully she saw sweat dripping off Julie's body, but the smell wasn't from her perspiration. It was musky. She looked down and saw a small stain at her crotch and realized her bikini bottoms were soaked. She knew it was only a matter of moments before her arousal would be noticed by the others. She desperately wanted to close her legs, but she was frozen watching the two performing what she could only describe as a sex act.

"Fire breath, Julie, work your breath into your depths."

Julie began a brisk exhalation, followed by quick inhales. With each, Jacob moved the dildo in and out. Emmy noticed the music had quickened as well, and now Julie's grunts with her breath were indistinguishable from a woman reaching a climax. As her breathing increased, Jacob kept pace until she moaned and Emmy could see the dildo coated with her spendings.

Jacob's concentration was broken momentarily as he looked down from Julie's impaled pussy. Following his gaze, Emmy saw Jacob's penis had stiffened some and as she looked back at this face, she saw him staring at her, his fingers and hands still working the dildo into Julie's vagina to the beat of her breath.

*-*-*-*

Their relationship had changed, there was no question about it. How could it not after witnessing the events in the studio? But their relationship was already complicated; at least for Emmy. It was still so bizarre she was even seeing Julie at all, since after the "sauna incident" as Emmy referred to it, she couldn't face her. She had no idea if Greg had said anything, or John, but she figured not. Julie had never made an appearance that night, in spite of John's assurances he had asked her to come help. Emmy finally accepted the fact she had just been John's booth babe.

She didn't stay in touch with any of them. Why should she? It would be so much better if she never saw them again. She had been mortified by the entire thing, so embarrassed she couldn't think about it without blushing. And to make matters worse, it still aroused her. The two voices were in constant battle, during the otherwise quiet parts of her day. You're a slut and should see someone! It was wonderful! Couldn't we do it again?

The sauna incident was over four years ago, before her MBA, before her internship and now her first line manager position. As it happened, the job moved her back into town. She'd been wondering if she would run into any of them again, her feelings equal part dread and butterfly arousal.

She'd only been in town a couple of weeks, settling into her new job at the agency, when she and Julie ran into each other by accident. The Java Buzz was half-way between her apartment and work, making it a convenient place to catch breakfast on the mornings she was rushing to get in. While at the counter, reaching for the last muffin, her hand collided with someone else's. She immediately recognized Julie and blushed; the memory of being taken in the sauna always made her blush.

"Are you okay?" It was obvious Julie didn't recognize her.

And why should she? Emmy'd changed her hair, and that party was the only time they'd ever met. She nodded, and then, feigning surprise said, "Julie? It's Julie, right?"

Julie couldn't place her, which was just fine and Emmy kept the connection vague, saying she'd met Greg and her at a party a long time ago. They each begged the other to take the muffin, eventually deciding to share it. At the register, Julie gave Emmy a card, asking if she worked nearby. She suggested they get together for lunch sometime.

Since then, she had met up with both Julie and Greg almost weekly. The first time she'd come to the house, she was dying inside, alternately blushing and breathing to get her feelings under control. When Julie introduced her, referencing some long lost connection, she studied his face searching for any sign he recognized her. If he did, he hid it well. She struggled to hide her own feelings, the images of the sauna incident coming back as if it was moments before.

She could feel how wet she was, her every thought eclipsed by the feeling of him forcing her to beg him to fuck her throat. He never let on that day, or any other day since, what he'd done to her, their secret so buried, she wondered if he even remembered. How could he not remember? And she'd blush again, her throat tightening at the memory of his hot cock sliding down it, stripped naked while his fingers probed her.

In spite of how frequently she'd been coming over, she'd never been in the room with Greg alone long enough to ask him. She shivered every time she thought about it. Would he deny it? Remember it? And then what? Better to let sleeping dogs lie.

But now, after this last thing at the yoga studio what was that? as she approached their house, it no longer felt routine. She had decided the visits had to stop. It was just too crazy: Witnessing Julie's yoga session, knowing she was being serviced by the instructor! And Greg, it was a wonder neither of them could smell her own arousal every time she came over. She found herself nervously glancing at his crotch every chance she could to see if he was hiding an erection, and then guiltily looking up to see if Julie noticed her staring. Both of them had made her an accomplice to their infidelities. She'd find a way to tell Julie today that she'd have to stop.

She smiled at Greg as he answered the door thanking him for his complement on her outfit. Was he flirting? Was he being nice? She couldn't stop analyzing even the most innocent interactions knowing what he was capable of...and knowing what Julie was doing. She made her way to the kitchen, reminding herself to breathe and smile.

The brunch was something out of the theater of the absurd. While she tried hard to play her part, she was incredulous at Julie's apparent lack of self-consciousness or her duplicity. She'd long gotten over Greg's role; she really couldn't figure out if he remembered or not. And if he did, who else was he doing and not talking about? She shivered at the thought of what he'd made her do.

"So, I understand you had a chance to visit Julie's yoga class on Friday...how'd you like it?" Greg asked without a hint of suspicion.

What could she say?

"Umhmm. Do you have any interest in yoga, Greg?" She smiled innocently and glanced over at Julie, who gave her a questioning look but otherwise stayed occupied with the rolls.

"Me? Yoga? Nope. It's way too meditative for me. Golf is about as transcendental as I can take." He cast a look at Julie that suggested an inside joke.

"Don't pay attention to him, Emmy, he's trying not to show his ignorance. The fact is, Greg wouldn't know a yoga studio from a machine shop. But that's okay, it's one of the things I love about him." She leaned over and gave him a kiss before starting to clear the table.

"Emmy, could you give me a hand in the kitchen for a minute?" Obviously a ploy to get something straight between them.

"Hey, sweetie, are you okay? You've been acting a little weird this morning."

"Uhh, well, I don't know what to say," Emmy hissed the words in an attempt to keep Greg from hearing her. "I mean, I watched a guy practically fuck you silly on Friday and here you are playing suburban housewife, and I don't know what I'm supposed to do or say!" She busied herself with the dishwasher, her back turned away.

"Hey...that's a little harsh. Greg gets better nookie than he's ever had now that I've been taking yoga lessons. I never let Jacob fuck me, he only uses his fingers on the outside of my skin, so what are you freaking out about?" Her tone was as much hurt as it was accusing.

"Uhhh, let's see, I saw you impaled on the largest dildo I've ever seen, listened and watched, mind you, while you had the most obvious orgasm, shit, Julie, I smelled your orgasm. And you're telling me you weren't getting fucked? I'm not sure what else to call it!"

"It is pretty huge isn't it?" Julie looked over at her and Emmy couldn't stand it. The two burst out laughing.

"Aren't you worried..." her spasms starting to force tears, "Greg will notice you're a little larger?" She barely squeaked out the final words.

"I'm not sure I could do that if I wasn't so relaxed. I can't imagine how women bear children!"

Emmy laughed so hard she thought she would have to pee. Her resolve had broken. Who was she to judge? Greg was no innocent, she again wondered if Julie had any clue about his own playing around. And do I tell her? She clutched her stomach, bent over from the cramping, the image of Jacob slipping the dildo in and out of her friend's sex hit her again, and she felt another twinge deeper inside. Could I do that?

When they recovered, she asked, "So, do you think Greg is keeping any secrets from you?" She regretted it the moment it came out, especially after seeing the look on Julie's face. Okay, I won't bring that up again.