 How I found myself in this situation is beyond me. Well, maybe I know, but I don't like to admit it. As much as you might think it's impossible, I still have pride. There is still something in me that keeps me from thinking back to all the paths I took on my road here.

Yes, I was a bad girl. So bad that my parents didn't know what to do with me. I fought and screamed and did all the things they told me not to, all the while knowing that I was hurting myself. When I reached an age I knew they couldn't hold me, I ran. I ran fast, I ran hard and I didn't stop. I'm still running to this day, and as I run I do the things I have to do to survive.

I see him looking at me as he drives slowly by. Hesitantly he stops and the passenger windows roll down.

"Hey there, need a ride?" he says , unsure of himself and the situation.

I keep walking but slow my pace as I shift my bag from one shoulder to another.

"Hmm, do I look like I need help? Am I a damsel in distress for you to save?" I say mockingly as I approach his car. It's not a fancy car and I know I should just keep walking because I don't want to have to pay in the only way I can for this ride.

"you do look like you could use a ride, I usually don't pick up strange women in the middle of the night, but it's supposed to snow and you look cold and tired." he says meekly.

"Ok, so long as you know that I'm just taking a ride and nothing more." I open the door of the sedan and swing my bag onto the floor of the passenger seat as I sit inside. I resign myself to what I am going to do and I'm actually ok with it.

"So, where are you going?" he asks as he puts the car into drive and slowly drives down the dark road.

"I don't know, where are we going?" I ask warily as I slump back into the seat. The car is warm and it takes me a minute to warm up after being out in the cold for so long.

"Well, I was just heading home after work, but I'll take you where ever you need to go, within reason." he says, stifling a yawn.

"I was just heading south, I don't really have a place in mind. So you can just take me as far as you're going and drop me off on a main road. I'll make my way from there." What I really wanted to say was take me to your place so I can have a hot shower and a warm place to sleep, but I just couldn't bring myself to it. Damn my pride.

"You're not seriously going to walk out in this are you? There's a bad storm on the way , look it's already starting to snow." He was surprised.

"I don't really have anyplace to go, so I guess that will have to do." I reach down and pull my bag onto my lap, unzipping it and rifling through, trying to look nonchalant.

"Well, I don't know, I think maybe you could come back to my place and crash on the couch for the night, you really look like you need some sleep."

Finally! I mean, he took long enough to offer and I jumped at it, but not too obviously. I was really willing to do whatever he wanted so I could sleep and get warm and clean.

We pulled up to his apartment building 10 minutes later and I followed him to a second floor apartment. When we go inside I can tell he's a bachelor. The place is sparsely furnished and none too clean, but I'd been worse places and looking a the sofa I sighed in delight. It was big and comfy looking, if not a little old and worn out. I followed him into the room and set my bag in the corner as I took off my insufficient winter jacket and thin gloves. My hands had thawed out and were starting to burn and sting .

"Make yourself comfortable while I get some extra blankets and a pillow for you. If you want to shower the bathroom is the first door on your right down the hall and there are towels in the closet in there." He was quiet and a bit shy as he went to the hall closet and started pulling out the bedding for the couch.

I made my way to the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror. Even after two years on the streets I still look decent. I am only 20 and even with the hard living it hadn't been enough to take the youthfulness out of my cheeks and put the hardness in my eyes that I had seen in other girls I'd run into. Maybe it was because I never really sold my body. I didn't walk the streets and use myself up like other girls. And I had stopped drinking and doing drugs only a few months after I had run away. I had seen myself falling into that endless spiral that will catch you and drag you down, and just like I refused to live under my fathers rule, I refused to live under the rule of drugs and alcohol.

I slowly undressed as I looked at myself in the full length mirror hanging on the back of the bathroom door. Yes, I had kept some semblance of attractiveness. Life on the streets doesn't make putting on weight an option and all the walking I did kept my body lean in the right places but also nice and plump in the other right places.

I knew I was going to fuck this guy that picked me up. Hell I didn't even know his name, but I had no other way to pay him back for his kindness and so I would give my body to him for the night. It's not like I wouldn't enjoy it too, I hoped anyway.

Naked I leaned in and turned on the shower, letting the water run until it was hot. I stepped in and let the steaming water wash away two days worth of grime. I washed myself thoroughly, lingering over my pussy. I wanted to get myself excited and ready, just in case this guy moved quickly, at least I wanted to enjoy myself. I used his shampoo and things to clean myself all the while going back to stroke at my clit. I rubbed and pinched my nipples and was soon my pussy was dripping wet.

I took a nice long shower and by the time I was done I was close to cumming. I stepped out and rubbed myself down with a nice fluffy towel from his linen closet. Then with just the towel wrapped around me I stepped out into the hall. I was breathing heavy a little from all the rubbing on my clit and I was looking forward to the time he and I would have tonight.

Walking into the living room I saw him sitting in a chair watching TV.

"Hi there" I said as I stood before him, still damp from the shower. I let the towel hang open a little in the front, giving him a peek of my flat stomach and the curly hair that covered my wet throbbing pussy.

"Wow, hi." he said breathlessly as he looked up at me, my dark hair gleaming wet and my skin flushed to show my excitement.

"So, I was in the shower trying to think of a way that I could pay you back for your kindness, and I don't have any money really and I only know of one way to show you how much I appreciate your help." I slowly let the towel swing open, exposing my full breasts. My nipples are rock hard and sticking out, the cool air of the apartment made my skin ripple with gooseflesh.

He stood quickly and took a step toward me, his eyes scanning slowly up and down my naked body. I drop the towel and take a step closer to him, to show him that it was ok, that this is what I want.

"You don't have to, you know." he said as he took a step closer. "You're welcome to sleep here for the night and you don't really have to, though... I want to." 

I could tell he wanted to, and a smile touched my lips as I looked down to see a nice sized lump rising in his pants. My hand found it's way to that lump as I stepped closer and looked up at his face. Not a bad looking guy really, nice brown eyes. I press my tits against his chest as my hand strokes slowly over his swollen cock. Leaning my head in I planted a soft kiss on his neck.

His hesitation ended with that and his hands came up to slowly stroke my ass and up along my back to my shoulders. He looked me in the eyes and I smiled warmly as he leaned in closer to kiss me. My legs trembled slightly as he kissed my lips softly, his hands exploring my back and my round ass.

Realizing that I was exhausted he took my arms and slowly led me to the couch, gently guiding me to sit. Getting to his knees he leaned over and again started kissing me, his hand coming up to rest lightly on my breast. Stroking me softly I moan as his kiss intensifies, his hand gently plucking at my nipple. He breaks the kiss with me and moves his head down to my breasts, licking lavishly at them, sucking at the nipples. His hands squeeze them together as he licks and sucks at my nipples, gently biting.

I moan and spread my legs. He's leaning over me and I wrap my legs around his waist. He's still fully clothed and as I reach to try to pull his shirt over his head he stops me.

"Not yet, let me do what I need to do first, then you can do with me as you will." he said. That makes me slightly nervous, but my legs are quivery and my pussy is soaked and he's pushing me back on the couch as he kisses down my stomach toward my pussy. He spreads my legs wider and his face hovers over my pussy. I can feel his breath puffing against my wet lips and it drives me wild. He starts planting soft kisses along my pussy lips, gently nipping and licking at them, avoiding my clit.

He moans as he tastes me, he is breathing fast and he licks more aggressively and finally his lips and tongue find my clit. I gasp as he laps at it, using his fingers to pull back the hood. My back arches and my hands go to the back of his head pulling his face into my pussy. He knows what he's doing and I'm very glad at that moment that I decided to accept the ride when he offered.

He licks at my clit relentlessly and I feel my orgasm building. My hips rock instinctively and my hands go to my tits. I pinch and twist my nipples as I cum, crying out wordlessly as my orgasm rocks my body. He doesn't stop and keeps lapping at me until I beg him to stop, it's just too intense. Reaching down I grab his hair and pull is face up to mine, kissing and licking at his wet mouth. He kisses me aggressively, his body wedged between my legs. My legs wrap around him and I grind my dripping pussy against his hard cock, still straining against his khaki pants.

"Fuck me please" I whimper as he kisses my neck and grinds hard against me.

My hands fumble down and try to unbutton those damn pants. I growl under my breath with frustration and he chuckles as he knocks my hands lightly away to undo them. My juices have smeared the front of them and I push him back and rise off of the sofa. Grabbing the front of his shirt I pull him to his feet and turn him so I can push him onto the couch. He looks at me, his eyes smoldering as I drop to my knees in front of him and release his cock. He lifts slightly and I pull his pants down revealing the most incredible cock I have ever seen. I gasp as I wrap my hand around the thick shaft, licking my lips hungrily as I dive onto it with my ready mouth.

At this point I'm in such a frenzy I don't try to slow myself, all I know is that I want his cock inside of me, be it my mouth or my pussy, I just need it now. I look up at him as I suck at it frantically, my tongue working up and down the shaft as I take it deep into my mouth.

He's gasping and entwining his hand in my hair as I work it quickly up and down.

"Wait, I don't want to cum yet, I want to be in your sweet pussy." He pulls my head back by my hair, my lips make a popping sound and I whimper as his cock comes free of my mouth.

He pushes me back onto the floor roughly and positions himself between my legs. His cock twitching and throbbing as he rubs the sensitive head against my dripping wet pussy lips and then my clit. I gasp as he slides quickly and deeply inside of me, as deep as he can get. I gasp, his cock is perfectly nestled inside of me, just large enough to fill me fully but not hurt me. He starts to thrust in and out of me at a nice steady pace and I pant and moan and tell him how perfect his cock is for me. My hips move against his as he leans over to kiss me as he fucks me deeply. I wrap my legs around him and pull up against him, shifting my hips to help his cock enter even deeper. I can feel an orgasm building inside of me as my clit is stimulated by our frantic fucking.

My lips lock with his and my arms reach around and pull his body against me as I cum on his hard pumping cock. My orgasm makes my pussy suck at him and he lets out a loud moan as he shoots his cum inside of me. I can feel his cock throbbing and twitching each time he spurts and I shiver and keep fucking at that wonderful cock.

Our fucking slows and I pant , catching my breath as he still hovers over me.

"Come, sleep with me in my bed tonight." He says as he slides out of me and helps me to my feet. 

I follow him to his room, climbing into his warm bed next to him, and he wraps his arms around me and holds me close as I fall asleep.

The next morning I wake in the early hours of the morning, I roll over to look at him as he sleep peacefully. Stifling a sob I leave the bed to relieve myself in the bathroom. Seeing this man who has treated me so well hurts me. I know I can't stay and though I long to have someone in my life who I can care about and who cares about me, staying is not an option.

After I use the bathroom I check back in to see if he's still sleeping. He looks so peaceful as I quietly close the door. In the kitchen I find a pen and a notepad, and after I dress I write a note for him. I pack my things, look around the apartment with longing in my heart and then take my bag and leave quietly.

When my mystery man wakes an hour later he finds nothing out of place except the folded bedding that was left on the couch neatly. My note lays on the table and he reads:

"I'm sorry I didn't stay, but as always I must keep moving. You made me feel so wonderful and treated me with so much tenderness and respect that I honestly didn't want to leave. I hope you're not angry I didn't wait until you woke before I left, but I just couldn't bare to say goodbye.

Maybe I'll stop back by someday. Until then, know that you were a perfect gentleman and have given me a small sliver of hope that maybe the world is not so awful after all.

Thank you,

D"

As I looked at the man who pulled to the side of the road, I knew that my luck wasn't as good this time as it was the last. I also knew I couldn't bare to pay my way tonight as I had last night. I waved him away and kept walking in the snow, thinking about the man who made me feel so normal. And I didn't even know his name.