 Suzanne's this girl at work I know. She's a 25 year-old brunette with a very pretty face, beautiful smile and a knockout body...a perfect hourglass figure, tiny waist, generous but perky breasts and a wonderful petite ass, with just the right amount of flair to her hips. Overall she looks delicious. I've been aching to get to know her more intimately for ages, but we've never been more than good friends. 

I'm working late one night. I think nobody else is still around, but then I notice a light on over in Suzanne's office. I wander around for a chat and a chance to covertly ogle her breasts (the term sweater-meat was made for these). I get a real treat. 

Suzanne is on all fours under her desk, her back towards me. She's wearing a fairly short top, and its ridden up, exposing a nice expanse of bare back (even her back is cute). As usual, she's wearing a pair of tight blue stretch jeans, which are currently stretched over her taught buttocks. As she moves forward her ass cheeks are pulled even further apart until happily I can see every detail of her crack through the stretched material. My cock hardens. She finally noticed me standing there and hurriedly gets to her feet. Her face is flushed; perhaps because the blood has rushed to her head or maybe she's aware of the show she had just given and is embarrassed. 

"I was just fixing my ethernet connection," she explained. Trying to look nonchalant, she yawned and stretched; a habit she has that has quite an affect on me. I don't think she even realizes she does it most of the time. Basically, as usual, her top rode up again as she lifted her arms, exposing her tummy. Believe me, this is a sight worth seeing. She has a wonderful flat tummy, and the cutest little belly button. A glimpse is usually enough to disrupt the rest of my work day, and coupled with the recent display of ass, I know what I'm going to be masturbating about tonight. 

I must have stared a fraction too long as she dropped her hands suddenly to her sides. I can't help but notice the little jiggle in her breasts as she did this. She says nothing, but I think she blushed a little deeper and she stares at me with a faintly accusing look. I've been caught in the act. 

A little defensively, I say, "Well, I could hardly help but notice, and you do have an extremely pretty tummy. If you don't want me to admire it, you shouldn't display it so often". 

"Even so, you shouldn't stare". She's trying to sound angry, but I think that really she's pleased by the compliment. 

I decide to push my luck a little. "I really envy your boyfriend, what I wouldn't give to get a chance to kiss that little belly button of yours". 

She definitely flushed now. "Oh...he...uh...never does anything like that. Not that it's any of your business". Now it's her turn to end on a defensive note. 

I'm intrigued and genuinely puzzled. "What? He has the opportunity and doesn't take it? What's wrong with him? Or don't you want him to?" I can see Suzanne's really embarrassed at the turn this conversation's taken. So I'm surprised that she answers at all. 

"No, he just doesn't do that sort of thing. He's more of a, well, sort of a hands-on guy". The last little bit is rushed out, I don't think she's used to talking about her sex life (certainly not with me). 

I get even bolder. "What, he doesn't even..." I leave the sentence unfinished, but nod towards her crotch, which, I should mention, is prominently displayed through her tight jeans. I find it hard not to think of her vulva neatly split and pushed apart by the wide seam. 

"He doesn't need to, the other stuff is pretty good. I'm sure I'm not missing all that much". She seems defensive again, but I'm encouraged by the fact she's still talking to me, so I go in for the kill.

"Don't tell me that's nobody's ever gone down on you before. You have to be joking"?

"Well no, but that isn't all that unusual, is it?" She sounded uncertain though. 

"You don't know what you're missing", I tell her. "It seems like such a shame for a beautiful young women, like yourself, to be missing out on so much pleasure. I could just eat you up where you stand". 

Suzanne said nothing...just stared at me. I noticed her pupils have dilated, and her breathing is heavy, as evidenced by the slow rise and fall of her shapely breasts. I can barely believe it, I seem to have succeeded in arousing her. I press on quickly. 

"I tell you what, why don't I show you? Your boyfriend doesn't have to know. Come on, it'll be fun". This is it, my big moment. I've just about played all my cards...will it be enough? 

Suzanne remained quiet, her face heavily flushed, looking as embarrassed as hell. Everything was moving too quickly for her. But she didn't said NO immediately. So the idea must have intrigued her at least a little. I decided to give her a little encouragement before she had time for too many doubts. 

"Look, just give me five minutes. I'll just use my hands and my tongue, you don't have to do anything. I'll stop if you ask me to, and I won't do anything that doesn't give you pleasure. What have you possibly got to lose? You'll enjoy it, I'll enjoy it, and nobody is hurt. No need to say anything, just nod if you want me to". 

She looked at me for a second or two more. Then nodded, shyly and almost imperceptibly. 

I think she's ashamed and excited all at the same time. 

"What do you want me to do?" she asked? Her voice low, barely audible. I stepped into her office as I've been standing at the threshold up till now. I closed the door and adjusted the blinds so that no one can see in, not that's anyone's around anyway. 

"Just stand there to begin with. Let me do the work". My heart was beating so fast I thought it was going to explode. My cock is a rigid pole inside my jeans. 

Suzanne has finally noticed the bulge in my crotch, and openly stared at it. This was only fair after my similar treatment of her body I suppose. She raised her head again and looked straight into my eyes. Hers were a beautiful mixture of green and brown, and seemed very large at the moment. She opened her lips slightly and they looked moist and inviting. 

I had an overwhelming urge to kiss her, but I'm wasn't sure she'd be expecting that, and I didn't want to scare her off at this stage...not having come this close. 

I stepped up close to her and took a deep breath. Suzanne doesn't wear any perfume, but she didn't need to. She smells wonderful—especially now that she was excited. Despite the lure of her breasts, I decided to concentrate on the task at hand. Time for other pleasures later, if I impressed Suzanne enough. 

With trembling hands I reached for her jeans. I couldn't resist running one hand round the back and lightly cupping one of her buttocks. Suzanne flinched ever so slightly, but didn't pull away. 

Encouraged, I slipped down the zipper of her jeans. I could see the top of her white panties exposed. That sight alone was almost enough to make me cum there and then. Using both hands, I proceed to tug at her jeans. They don't come off so easy as they were tight fitting, after all. Once they were bunched around her ankles, Suzanne lifted each leg, sliped her shoes off and freed herself completely. 

I knelt before her crotch and examined her panties from the distance of a few inches. They are deliciously skimpy, revealing so much more than they hide. Around her pubic region they've worked themselves into the folds of her vulva. The cottony fabric is now darkened with her sensual juices as her excitement showed . Slowly—I wanted to remember this moment—I peeled the panties from her, exposing an inch of flesh at a time. Suzanne remained very still, though I can clearly heard her ragged breathing. I glanced up; her eyes are closed, and she looked to be poised in anticipation. Finally, I succeeded in revealing the full glory of her womanhood. Quickly, I pulled the panties down her legs and Suzanne shruged them from her feet. Now I can admire her without distraction. 

Suzanne keeps her pubic hair well groomed; there was a thin, neatly shaved vertical strip that just covered her vaginal slit. Through this, the thin, slightly crinkled lips of her outer labia showed clearly, glistening slightly. The hood of flesh at the top of her snatch just covered the nub of her clitoris, and I admiringly could see it throb very so gently. 

I placed a hand on each hip...God, her skin felt so good...and positioned myself for her pleasuring. I decided to prolong the anticipation somewhat, and start with the initial object of my desires. A spasm went through Suzanne's body as my tongue made contact with the skin of her belly. I drew a tight little circle of saliva around her belly button My tongue gliding effortlessly over her young firm flesh. I gently probed into the pit of her belly button. I was consumed with pleasure, barely able to believe her velvety texture or the fact that she was letting me do this at all. 

Suzanne was not complaining. Her breathing was slow and heavy, her eyes closed and her hands rested on my shoulders. I moved my right hand from her waist and caressed the outside of her thigh and her ass cheek. 

I ended my detailed exploration of her belly button and begun to draw my tongue down towards my eventual goal, tracing several lazy loops on her flesh as I went. Suzanne's breathing quickened. I pulled back slightly, removing my tongue from her skin. Suzanne's breathing faltered and her hands griped my shoulders. But she needn't worry, I just wanted to bring my other tools to bear. Using the index finger of my right hand and a light touch, I traced the lips of her outer labia. I gave the hood of flesh over her clitoris a slight nudge and Suzanne's body stiffened in response. 

Lightly gripping the lips of her vulva with the fingers of both hands, I parted her sex and looked upon the delights within. The moist pink flesh of her inner labia were coated in the juices of her arousal, begging me to lick her clean. I can't believe her boyfriend wouldn't want to eat this most inviting of pussy. I breathed deeply, savoring the sweet aroma and, keeping her spread open with the fingers of one hand, traced my index finger round her inner moistness. Suzanne's breathing was fast and hard, a concentrated look on her face as I removed my finger and suck it into my mouth. Her fluids tasted just as good as I'd hoped; thick and sweet, a tangy promise of what was to come. 

I looked once more into the depths of her womanhood and then up at her rapt features. "You have a beautiful pussy, I'm going to enjoy eating it". 

A brief nod is my only reply. 

I moved forward once again and, while spreading her open with my left hand, moved the tip of my tongue into her. It was exquisite; the smell of her pussy in my nose, the taste and texture of her moist womanhood on my tongue, the feel of her taught skin as I caressed her ass with my free hand. 

I ran my tongue round the inside of her outer labia, collecting the excess juice and greedily swallowing it. I ventured a couple of quick darts of my tongue into her vaginal passage. Even to my tongue it felt tight, though slippery with juice and invitingly warm. 

Suzanne's hips began a subtle rocking motion, encouraging my exploration of her pussy. Time became meaningless! I'm lost in a world of Suzanne; probing her most tender depths and receiving her fragrant nectar in reward. The motion of her hips began to take on more urgency as I continuously repeated the cycle of tonguing her vulva and lapping up the resulting juice. I decided to move the intensity up a notch. I wanted her first orgasm to blow her mind. So I ever so gently probed the fleshy hood at the top of her pussy, popping her clitoris into view. It was gorged with blood and fairly large, and I just knew it was going to be highly sensitive, so I moved slowly. 

Suzanne knew what's coming and was holding herself very still. As I lightly touched the tip of my tongue to her clit a low moan escaped her and she moved her hands to the back of my head, gently encouraging me to proceed. Thus assured, I probed again, more strongly this time. Suzanne's hips give a little wiggle, and I took this as a sign to start playing with her clit. I alternated circling the head with my tongue with popping it in my mouth and gently sucking. Occasionally I darted my tongue down and cleaned her tight little pussy. 

Suzanne's breathing quickened again, the motion of her hips coming in short stabs as she pleasured herself on my tongue. She stumbled backwards a step, pulling me with her, by my head, so she could rest her ass against the edge of her desk. 

I intensified my probing, determined to give her as much pleasure as she could take. I moved my right hand from its exploration of Suzanne's ass cheek and positioned it beneath her pussy. I rubbed my index finger back and forth along the sensitive skin stretched between her ass and pussy, receiving moans of encouragement as reward. I circled her asshole a few times, and then pressed the tip of my finger firmly inwards.

I'm not sure that Suzanne knew what to make of this, but was she too carried away by the action of my tongue in her pussy to really care. Her asshole refused to yield for a second...but her sphincter quickly lost the battle, and my finger eased into her anus up to the first joint. 

Suzanne's ass was very tight, I doubt she'd ever been fucked there, but my finger is slim and persistent. Over the course of the next couple of minutes, as I lapped her pussy and teased her clit, I slowly worked my finger in up to the knuckle. As I began to slowly fuck her ass with my finger, Suzanne altered the rhythm of her hips to accommodate. I think I've won her over to the idea of anal sex play. 

I'm was so wrapped up in the intimacy of my contact with Suzanne's most private places, places that no man had touched with his fingers or tongue before, that I knew I wouldn't rest tonight until I had tasted her ass. The thought of pushing my tongue through that tight little ring of muscle into the depths of her anal tract filled me with desire. I was totally consumed by my need to be one with Suzanne. To violate her most completely. 

Suzanne's motions were almost violent in their intensity now. Her back arched, she pushed her pussy into my face and made small rotating motions with her hips, as if unsatisfied with how quickly I moved my tongue within her pussy. Her face and legs were covered in a fine sheen of sweat, the smell of her sex filled the room. 

I felt she was nearing orgasm, so I began a constant assault on her clit with my tongue, while at the same time furiously pounding into her ass with my finger. Her back arched one last time, her whole body shuddered and my finger was almost pushed out of her ass as her muscles contracted. 

There was a small pause then another, milder, shockwave. This continued for about a minute as Suzanne slowly came down from her orgasm. I kept up my tonguing throughout, but more gently, slowly bringing her down from the peaks of pleasure. Once she had finished I popped my finger from her ass and make a last pass with my tongue. I gently probed and cleaned her crevices and inner thighs, where some of her juices managed to escape my earlier ministrations. 

I stood up and place my arms around her. She opened her eyes and looked deeply into mine. 

"Thank you", she whispered. 

I used one hand to brush a stray wisp of hair from her face. 

"No, thank you" I said as I leaned in to kiss her. 

Her mouth opened to accept my tongue and a hot, hard little spear of flesh entered my mouth, eagerly exploring me. I wondered whether she was enjoying the taste of herself in my mouth. 

As we stood there exploring each other's mouths, I ran a hand up underneath her top and cupped a breast. Her tit felt warm and heavy in my hand as I caressed it through the fabric of her bra. On cue, Suzanne reached up behind her back to undo the clasps. I pulled her top over her head and at last I could see her breasts in their natural state. She really doesn't need a bra, her tits stand proud without any support; her nipples erect and standing to attention. Suzanne's breasts are medium sized, but they look large against her narrow frame. I gently stroked my hands over her silky skin, paying special attention to the sensitive skin around her nipples. 

"Please suck my nipples, I really like that", Suzanne asked.

"On one condition", I replied. 

Suzanne looked puzzled. 

"I want to eat your pretty little ass", I said with a grin. 

Suzanne smiled and nodded.

Bending my neck, I sucked a nipple into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the rippled flesh, feeling it harden still more in response. I alternated this with gentle sucking. 

Meanwhile, I used one of my hands to play with Suzanne's pussy and ass; gently penetrating her tight little holes one at a time. My mouth moved from one nipple to the other and back again, occasionally stopping to lick the flesh of her globes themselves.  

After a minute or so of this, Suzanne was ready to cum again. Using my tongue and fingers in concert, I played her body like an instrument, orchestrating her orgasm. As she subsided, I pulled my fingers from her pussy and licked them clean. 

"OK...now for desert!" 

I positioned Suzanne so that she was leaning forward over her desk, her ass in the air. 

"Hold your ass cheeks apart with your hands. There, that's lovely". 

I gazed in admiration at Suzanne's perfect ass; young and taught, good enough to eat. Framed in the center, was her little crinkled rosebud of an asshole, tightly clenched. I started by licking in long, slow strokes from her pussy to her ass; dipping the tip of my tongue into her sweet pussy at one end and then coating the path between with her slick juices. The flesh between her holes is sensitive; each lap of my tongue produced an appreciative murmur. 

Suzanne was becoming aroused again; the folds of her young womanhood were heavy with her fragrant oil. I slipped first one, then two fingers deep into her vaginal passage and began to gently masturbate her, a finger occasionally brushing the tip of her clit. My tongue explored the rim of her anus, tasting her. And the taste was beautiful to me; a mixture of pussy juice, fresh sweat and a sweet, almost nutty taste that is a prelude to the more intimate depths of her ass. 

I probed her rosebud gently with my tongue. Well-trained by my finger, her sphincter gave a little, eager to accept my attentions. But, I paused with just the tip of my tongue within, savoring the taste, the texture, the sheer joy of being about to penetrate Suzanne in such a deeply intimate way. Releasing the pressure on my tongue, her ass popped me out again. I repeated this cycle several times, teasing the muscles of her ass. 

Finally I was ready. I pushed forward smoothly into her anus. Her sphincter resisted the bulk of my tongue, but I applied continuous pressure and was rewarded with slow, steady progress into Suzanne's inner regions. Her ass was very tight; my tongue was encased in a hard, yet slippery, tube of flesh and muscle, deliciously warm. The taste was intense, indescribable. It was not unpleasant, I was so deeply a part of Suzanne that all aspects of her are beautiful, they are a part of her, so I loved them. 

I probed and retreated, probed and retreated, reveling in Suzanne's secret glory, inching my way further into her ass. Suzanne held perfectly steady, making only low, barely audible sounds as my tongue explored her. 

At last, I can go no further. My tongue was a warm dagger embedded to the hilt in Suzanne's ass. I wished that my tongue were longer, that I could fully explore her anal tract, my tongue wending its way deep into her belly. 

I began to fuck Suzanne's ass with my tongue. With each stroke I withdraw fully, licked her rim and plunged back in to my fullest extent. Her sphincter offered no resistance now, my tongue was a welcome visitor. Suzanne responded by pushing her ass back into my face, willing me deeper into her. I matched her rhythm and intensified the actions of my fingers in her pussy. 
