 For Nan

This was written 11 years ago for my wife. I hope you enjoy it because I know she did, wink!

The is a story of a woman named Nan. 5'6", dishwater blond and a figure of 36C x 24 x 37. Her age is 40 years old and has three children. Her beauty is such that men turn and look as she goes by but she is married and does not notice. The days are warm this July and not as humid as it can be in Wisconsin. Snuggling up to her with her body molding itself to yours in the morning makes you want to stay in bed far to long to get much done in the mornings. Her breast are firm with nipples the size of your little finger and standout ½ inch.

Today the children are visiting the grandparents and we are alone for the day. She wants to have fun today and puts on a short maid's outfit without any under garments. I am wearing a pair of short and a t-shirt. We work in the morning to clean the house. Nan has said that today I can not touch her until she is read and allows me to. Every time she bends to clan a piece of furniture or pick something up the smooth round flesh of her behind peeks out from under the skirt. I wan to grab it each that happens but we must get the cleaning done. Nan makes a point this morning to bend over many times and always face away from me. I went down stairs to clean the rec. room and she came down to do the laundry. Returning upstairs nan walked up ahead of me showing off her firm, smooth, squeezable, mouth watering, undulating ass and pussy lips. From this angle her legs seem to go on for ever. I can not wait till she will allow me to fun my hands up her legs and caress her behind. Showing off has her aroused evident by the glistening moisture on the lips of her pussy as she ascends in front of me.

At lunch we ate strawberries with Wool Whip for dessert. Nan picked up one and kisses the end with her ruby lips then dips it into the topping. Bringing it to her mouth she slowly licks the white whipped topping from the tip while looking into my eyes with want hers. Doing this with each strawberry drives me up the wall with excitement. I feel like I am trembling but since she has not said I can touch yet I have to live with almost climaxing then and there. Her nipples are standing at attention and very visible through the satiny material of the maid's dress. Standing up Nan brushes her nipples across my neck sending shivers up and down our spines.

A break was taken by snuggling on the love seat and watching some of a porn movie. She caresses my legs as we watch. She never lets me get so aroused to climax. With her other hand she caresses her pussy and climaxes twice as we watch. I have to suffer on the other hand and dream until she will let me touch her and allowed to climax.

Cleaning the rest of the house goes slow because she keeps teasing me as she parades around cleaning and keeping me so excited. Standing on a char to reach high areas her lower body is presented again. Many times I had to fight back the urge to grab her and pull her to me with my cock standing at full attention between us. I wanted to run my hands over every part of her sensual body. But per our agreement I could not.

Nan says, "lest take a bath and clean up." I agreed quickly to that suggestion. During the bath we soap each other's bodies which I am so grateful for since I had for so long today wanted to touch her. I get to lather her body with soap and caress her with soapy fingers. She soaps me and covers me with suds but avoids my raging hard cock preventing any relief. I am so please to be able to run my hands over her sensual body to clean her with soapy hands. Taking the large bath towels and vigorously dry each other.

After the bath she says, "lets go into the bedroom." She wants to tie my hands to the bed to prevent me from touching her. Seeing how it is to be in total control while making love together. She uses her nylons to tie my hands to the head of the bed and my ankles to the foot of the bed. After I am secure she kisses and licks me from head to toe but always passing my groin. Climbing on top she straddles me sitting on my lap and waves her breast in front of my face. Nan runs her pussy over my balls and cock lubricating the while surface. She concentrates on riding my balls for a while. Then she moved up to my cock and slides her pussy lips up and down on either side of it with the head rubbing against her clit. I am in heaven and can not hold back and climax. To keep me erect she quickly slides down and licks my cock clean. The sensation in unbelievable. Some where between pain and pleasure with her licking the head of my cock after I climaxed. For a time all other things disappear except the sensations of her attention on my cock.

Nan climbs off me and gets a dildo from the night stand drawer. She says, "you wanted me to use one of these and now I am going to sit on you and make you watch as I fuck myself with it." Nan climbs back on top of me straddling my chest with her pussy in front of my face. After running the rubber cock rhythmically up and down between her pussy lips getting it wet she slips it into her. Sliding it in and out over and over as I am force to lay there and watch. Fucking her pussy with the dildo till she climaxes and her hot pussy juices squirt over my face, chin and chest. The hot pussy juices feeling so good knowing she has climaxed.

She slid down to my cock and again rand her now very slippery cunt over my penis. Shortly she moved up so my cock would pop into her pussy and slide effortlessly. Leaning back with her hands on my thighs and rocking hard on my cock. Rocking faster and faster the heat building fast. She leans forward and offers her nipple for me to suckle. Greedily sucking on her nipples one then the other as she offers them to me. Losing track of time she climaxes multiple times as I suckle on her nipples and she rides my cock. I last longer because of the short time since she had me climax sliding her pussy along my cock. Time was a lost concept with our wild fucking. My scrotum draws up and my cock jumps deep insider her pussy as she grips tight around me. Driving me over the top and exploding with her filling her with my cum.

Collapsing on me she unties my hands so I can wrap my arms around her. Laying together snuggling and basking in the after glow of our love making. 

The bath we took before the love making has to be done again. But we both agree it will feel wonderful. Slowly washing each other before the Grandparents bring the kids home.

Love you Nan!