 Eyelids suddenly fluttering open, he woke slowly, extremely groggy due to the fact that he had only slept an hour or two. He was lying in bed, back propped up against the headboard, and Shauna, his roommate, lay horizontally across the bed, her head resting on one arm in his lap. Neither of them had made any plans that night, so they had resolved to pick something to watch, sit in his room, and just relax. He sat and watched her for a while, her perfect form bathed in a soft blue light from the television, the film they had been watching together having ended at least an hour ago. She was rather short, right around five feet, and quite petite; he didn't think she'd ever broken a hundred and ten pounds in her entire life.

Her long red hair glowed softly in the faint light, covering most of his lap and flowing over the edge of the bed at his side. She wore a thin white slim cut t-shirt, which hugged snugly against her breasts but was loose enough around the midsection that it had drifted up slightly, exposing her lower torso. Shauna never wore pants around the house, and sometimes he thought she wore such suggestive panties just to fuck with him. 

The lacy black pair she'd worn that day were likely some of the skimpiest she owned; they were a size or two too small, and barely covered her from his view. She was rather curvy for her size, her breasts were a rather large C-cup, and her ass was far from flat. Admiring her body, he felt his cock start to thicken and rise inside of his pants. He panicked for a moment, as she would surely feel the sudden pressure under her and wake up. She began to stir, and he leaned back into his original position, closing his eyes again in the hopes that she would think he was still asleep if she turned around and looked up at him.

She shifted, turning slowly, to look up at him as he expected. He didn't open his eyes again for a full minute, until he felt her shift again, back to her original position. To his surprise, instead of getting up or at least moving away from his lap, where he was now fully erect, but still restrained by his jeans, she started gently brushing her fingers along the shaft through his pants. Unsure how to react, he remained still; Shauna had been his roommate since college, for nearly 6 years in total. He'd always been attracted to her, and certainly had developed feelings for her over time, but had always refrained from pursuing anything, in an effort to maintain their friendship. She was one of the only real friends he had left from those days, and certainly the closest.

He continued to lie there, completely still, while she unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. She began turning up to look at him again, checking if he was still asleep, and he quickly closed his eyes before she was able to make eye contact. Satisfied, she returned to her work, gently pulling his now rock-hard member through the fold of his boxers. It wasn't all that big; just a little over six inches long, but fairly thick. She'd seen it in such a state only once before, back in college, he recalled with a slight smirk. They were both a little drunk and he had stumbled naked into the living room. Her only response had been "Dude.. that's mouthwatering.", a sentiment she apparently still held, as he felt a single drop of saliva fall from her mouth, sliding down his cock.

After a brief hesitation, she lowered her head, and began slowly licking up the entire shaft, swirling her tongue around the head each time she reached the tip. He had to suppress a moan the first time she went completely down on him, engulfing every inch of his cock between her soft, warm lips. She slid her mouth up and down, sucking gently and sending tingles up and down his spine. To his dismay, she stopped and sat up, seemingly trying to decide what to do. Smiling impishly, she lifted her shirt over her head, pulling it all the way off and tossing it across the room. The only thing hiding her pert breasts was now a black bra, the match of the panties which he noticed were quickly becoming damp.

He closed his eyes again as she crawled across him, kneeling down facing him from the front, and slowly dragged off his pants. Leaving his boxers on, she slid back up, and once again began sliding her tongue up and down his cock, planting a gentle kiss on the very tip each time she came up. After licking her lips, she wrapped them around the head and sucked gently, flicking the tip and running around it with her tongue without letting it leave her mouth. Stroking the shaft while continuing to suck, a little harder, on the head, she started bobbing up and down, moving her lips a little further down each time. As her gradual descent reached the base, he felt his balls tighten up, and his cock swelled one last time before pumping several streams of hot, creamy cum into her mouth.

Her eyes widened as she struggled to swallow all of it, surprised by the sheer volume. After she finished swallowing, and licking his cock clean, she sat up, throwing her hair back and catching her breath. She reached around her back, unclasping and removing her bra, and dropping it onto the bed beside her. Then, stepping off the bed, she slid off her soaked panties, and tossed them up onto the bed next to him. Her full breasts bounced softly as she crawled back onto the bed and sidled back up to him. Sucking gently on his softening cock and softly squeezing his balls, she quickly nursed him back to a full erection. Turning her back to him, she guided him into her as she slowly dropped herself into his lap, allowing him to slip into her. 

He let out a sudden gasp as his penetration stopped short, just over halfway in. He'd always assumed she was tight, due to her slim, petite build, but the sudden, intense pressure squeezing around the upper portion of his member almost made him blow another load on the spot. Given away by his gasp, he abandoned all pretense of remaining asleep, and wrapped both of his arms around her, rubbing and massaging around her clit with his right hand, and squeezing one breast with his left. If she was surprised, she didn't show it, and began sliding up and down, relaxing her vaginal walls as much as she could, taking him a little deeper in her cunt each time, until she was being fully, deeply penetrated with each descent. Embracing her tightly, he slowly brought her to a stop, and she sat there panting, filled up entirely by his pulsing cock. 

Brushing her hair lightly to the side, he softly bit the side of her neck from behind, while still rubbing her clit gently. She slowly began rising and falling again, and shortly after let out an involuntary moan, as the combined sensations brought her to a quivering, full-body orgasm. He struggled to stop himself from exploding into her as the hundreds of tiny expansions and contractions, so tight around him, brought him to the edge of orgasm once again. He allowed himself to slide out of her as she rose slightly, shifting positions from kneeling on top of him, to kneeling face down on the bed, with her bottom sticking up in the air. She brought her legs together, holding them in place by anchoring one hand behind each knee, keeping them firmly together. 

He got up himself, kneeling behind her, his legs on the outside of hers. He took a moment to admire the sculpted, well-toned curves of her body from this angle. He ran his hands along the back and sides of her body, starting near her shoulders and ending around the hips. Squeezing slightly, he lifted her as high as she would go without losing touch with the surface of the bed. Her ass nearly level with his face, he spread her thighs slightly, allowing a gap to her still tightly clenched pussy. Running his tongue up along the wet, smoothly shaved skin surrounding it, he briefly probed into her. Due to the sensitivity caused by her recent orgasm, she shuddered involuntarily, and he let her drop back down to her original position.

She fell resting on his still-erect member, delighted by it's presence. She began to grind on it, using one hand to rub the head against her clit, moaning softly each time it slipped back and nearly penetrated her. Leaning forward and moving her hands to the back of her upper thighs, she spread herself open invitingly, while keeping her legs close together. He brought his cock, now throbbing with a dull ache, up to where her hands allowed him free access. Rubbing its head up and down along the opening, and up against her clit, he teased her by occasionally starting to insert the head into her, but backing out before it slipped in.

When she was panting with anticipation, he started slipping just the head and an inch or two more into her, sliding it in and out. She quivered slightly, and he elicited a sharp cry of satisfaction by slamming his entire cock deep into her with no warning whatsoever. He backed most of the way out, and slid back into her, much more gently, and continued stroking in and out of her, a slight moan escaping her lips each time he backed out, and a gasp when his member filled her up again. He knew he wouldn't be able to keep this up for long without cumming again; her pussy was even tighter this time, due to her clenching her legs together. Luckily, her gasps and moans soon intensified, and he felt her body start tensing up in anticipation of another orgasm.

He increased the speed and force of his rhythmic stroking, and quickly went from gently slipping in and out of her, to rapidly pounding her already aching cunt. She let out a scream of sheer ecstasy as her second orgasm, much more powerful than the first, exploded inside her body, rocking her entire frame to the core. Small amounts of sticky, clear fluid splashed from her with each thrust, slightly soaking the bed underneath them. When her orgasm died down, she was too weak to continue kneeling in the same position, and he helped her to move and lay down with her head resting on one of his pillows.

Her entire body was flushed from her orgasms, almost crimson at some parts. He knelt over her, hovering above her abdomen, and gently massaged her breasts for a moment, tweaking her sensitive nipples until they were small, hard mounds of red flesh. She brought her own hands to her chest then, squeezing her breasts tightly together. His cock still coated in her own natural lubricant, he slipped it between her soft, smooth tits, moaning softly as she moved them slightly herself, sliding across his aching member. He continued pumping in and out of the warm, silky embrace of her breasts until he felt his own body tightening up, preparing for the torrential release that was about to come.

He slid his cock through one last time, and it exploded right as the tip slipped back out, splattering one spurt across her face and neck before he managed to insert it back between her luscious breasts, pumping stream after stream of cum between and around them. He continued stroking between her tits while she held them together; the sensation of sliding between the warm, silky mounds of flesh while they were coated in his own hot, sticky cum was by far the most pleasant thing his cock had ever experienced. When the euphoria of his orgasm finally dissipated, he lay down next to her, exhausted.

She retrieved her panties from beside her, and wrapped them several times around his cock before stroking it a few final times. They were still warm and sticky from her juices, and their presence made him tingle for some reason. After snuggling up to him and wrapping an arm around his chest, she kissed him sweetly, uttering a soft "Good night." and closing her eyes. He laid a gentle kiss on her forehead, and murmured "..I love you." under his breath. As he pulled a blanket over them, he saw a small smile creep over her lips, and she embraced him tighter as they drifted off to sleep.