 The bathroom echoed with the grunts and slapping flesh of a man stroking out his load to calm his raging arousal. This had to be Devon's third trip to the bathroom in the last 4 hours. It was either that or walk around with a hard on and lie saying that he spilled beer on his pants. Devon wasn't normally this out of control. In fact he was the model of restraint. With dark hair and wanton green forest eyes with a sexy stubble he was a 27 year old stud with the devil's looks and exuding sex from every pore. 

Women swooned before him. He was 18 when he lost his virginity. It was to Mrs. Atwater the history teacher at his high school. Now that was a MILF. Succulent curves with long honey gold hair that a man could wrap his fist around while riding that juicy ass hard. She taught him all sorts of sexual things that only experience could teach. She had awakened his alpha male in the bedroom and taught him the benefits of controlling his arousal so he could prolong not only his pleasure but his partner's. 

Right now that control was lacking. And little Mia Ramsey was the cause. He had enough fantasies about her to fill a hard drive. 

"Hey, Devon! Did you fall in, man?" 

Devon's best friend, Alex, was banging on the door as if there was a fire. Devon flushed the toilet and ran the faucet to wash his hands. When he opened the door his friend was watching him with a raised eyebrow.

"You okay, dude?" he asked with a sardonic smirk growing on his round face. "You got something wrong with your prostate? Or are you just jerking off in there?"

"Fuck off, Alex," Devon punched him in the arm. Not with real force but enough to make Alex step back. 

"It's cake time, man," Alex began walking away down the hall. "My baby sister only turns 18 once."

Devon followed Alex outside with his hands in his pockets. The candles were lit and excited cousins and some high schoolers were surrounding a picnic table. Mia was in the center of it all. The Queen Bee in the hive wearing a red string bikini with a towel wrapped around her narrow waist and damp black hair curling past her shoulders. 

Mia had creamy white skin with a lithe figure but lush round breasts appropriate for her body type and a perfect peach bottom ass. A slender girl with curves. Even though he just stroked out a nut, Devon felt a stirring in his loins again. Her velvet indigo eyes lit up with pleasure, her pink tongue moistening her chapped lips that were already dark magenta making them stand out like a beacon on her pale skin. A white heat flashed through his body to see those pretty lips purse reminding him of his mom's dark pink roses from her rose bushes. 

Mia had an adorable sexiness that appealed to Devon. She was an innocent angel with a dirty streak. There were moments where Devon detected an ambiguity in her words or the sexy, come hither movements of her body aimed towards him. His dominant personality wanted to thoroughly debauch her. He had a feeling that she would enjoy it immensely. He wondered if she was still a virgin at 18.

After everyone sung happy birthday and Mia blew out all her candles Alex's mom started cutting the cake and handing out to everyone. Devon leaned against the tree growing in their yard and pretended to look through his emails on his phone. 

"Devon you forgot to get a piece of cake."

That sing-song cadence raked over Devon's senses. He turned to see Alex's baby sister adorned in a filmy white cover up that didn't cover up anything being a white see through robe wrapped tightly around her slim curves. It was more tempting than flesh. 

She was smiling and sweet holding out a plate of chocolate cake with pink butter cream frosting. Mia looked so innocent, like an angel. Devon took the cake nodding politely and sliced into the chocolate cake with his plastic fork. He shoved the piece in his mouth. It was a moist and creamy. It was perfect. But it also gave him lewd thoughts about the little angel watching him so intently. 

"Oops, you have some left on your lip," Mia cooed then without warning took her thumb and wiped away the extra butter cream. Then in front of Devon's wide eyes took the frosted tip of her thumb into her rosebud mouth. She watched him as she sucked away at the pink cream frosting. Desire raced through his veins at the sight. The innocence in her eyes was replaced with a sultry smolder.

Did the little fool know what she was doing to him? Devon was so hard it hurt. He growled stepping up to her, their bodies a breath away from each other. Devon's hands clenched fighting the urge to take her in his arms and crush her against his sinewy muscles. He watched her suddenly flush as midnight blue clashed with ocean blue. But she didn't look away.

"Stop it, Mia," Devon growled low, his voice whiskey sweet and sinful hitting the top of Mia's spine. "You're going to get yourself in trouble one of these days."

"I don't know what you mean," Mia said softly, but her voice became throaty and husky making heat gather in Devon's groin and spine. She had her hands behind her back, practically thrusting her round pert breasts at him. He could even see her nipples beaded through the red bathing suit as if reaching out for him. 

"Don't play games," he growled. His pulse quickened with forbidden longing. She wet her lips with her tongue as she continued to watch him, staring boldly into his darkening green eyes. As if waiting for him to make a move. "Someone needs to take you over his knee and give you a good spanking. Teach you some manners."

The little vixen's lush mouth curved into a seductive smile. Her deep indigo eyes hooded in that sexy bedroom way. "Is that what you want, Devon? To spank my little ass?" She rose on her tippy toes then whispered silkily, "That's what I want too."

With that admission the vein in Devon's neck throbbed. Blood raced through his body like lava. Excitement sparked in every nerve setting it on fire. He wanted nothing more than to indulge in her pretty flesh, to spank her peach bottom ass until it turned pink then kiss it better. He almost threw her over his shoulder to carry her off like some caveman taking his woman to his cave to have his way with her.

"Mia...," he growled.

"Devon! Mia!" At the sound of her brother's voice Mia immediately stepped back putting a good distance between them. The only indication of her want was the velvety flush in her cheeks. The rest of her went from smoldering temptress to innocent angel again. Devon wanted to roar with his need for her but he took a few deep breaths to calm the new raging erection in his jeans. His fists clenched and unclenched at his sides.

Alex walked up to them with his casual smile and started talking about the delicious cake. The three of them lapsed into a congenial conversation then Mia went back to her friends. Devon didn't know if Alex noticed but he couldn't stop staring at her scrumptious bottom as she walked away. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Devon put distance between him and Mia for 3 weeks but then his apartment had to be fumigated for a cockroach infestation. Alex offered him a place to stay. Unfortunately that was the same week Mia came to visit to look at colleges in the city. Try as he might, the 27 year old's eyes were drawn to her every movement no matter how small. Mia took it upon herself to cook for the boys and dammit if every move wasn't her subtle way of trying to entice him.

The way she sliced the vegetables, when she bent over to blow on the steaming stew, ass out and showing some generous cleavage. Then when she swiped her finger at the basil tomato sauce, sucking it into her mouth while her eyes closed in ecstasy to savor the substance. Devon was walking around with a hard on it was so uncomfortable. Once at night he caught her getting a glass of water wearing nothing but a tank top and a pair of cotton panties with gray lace. 

His chest tightened, it was getting a bit difficult to breathe like all the oxygen in the room thinned. He wanted to grind his cock into that tempting crevice of her apple bottom ass and inhale the feminine scent caught in her neck. He wanted to fill his hands with her plump breasts and tease her nipples until she writhed against him and whimpered his name. She only gave him a sweet smile, her body relaxing against the granite counter with her breasts thrust out at him in blatant invitation.

"You need to stop playing games, Mia," Devon spoke low but his voice was husky, shaky with lust. 

"What games?" Mia tilted her head innocently to the side. He could see her nipples poking through her cotton tank top just begging for his mouth. With incredible control Devon stalked her, placing one arm on each side of the counter, caging the vixen in as their noses almost touched. Mia didn't cower but stood her ground. Her magnetic violet-blue eyes staring deeply into his. Waiting. Devon felt pinned by the heat and weight of her dark stare. 

"Little Mia Ramsey," Devon breathed in her coconut moisturizer and vanilla shampoo. He wanted to devour her. He wanted to lift her onto the counter, spread her shapely legs then rip her cotton panties off and bury his tongue inside her wet heat. Then he would follow with his big throbbing cock. "Do you even know what you're doing?"

Mia surprised him with her movement. She licked his lips, pressing her body fully against his for a few blissful seconds then slipped away. Elusive, sumptuous like a cool breeze in an unbearable summer heat. But the soft tongue didn't cool him, Devon's body filled to the brim with savage heat that needed quenching.

"Don't big bad wolves like the hunt?" she asked, her voice sweet but her eyes burned into his. Her lush pink lips turned into a suggestive smile when she eyed his crotch which was sporting a bulge. Then she swiftly turned around and went back to bed. 

Devon's whole body roared with the need for relief. Mia was asking for it. And dammit, Devon wanted to give it to her. But she was his best friend's baby sister. Then again there was something about Mia that the dominant in him sensed would be his sexual equal. 

She had an angelic appearance but Devon noticed the sensual devil simmering beneath just waiting for someone to guide her. She would be submissive but challenging. And he wanted to protect her. Protect her from some stranger who wouldn't be so gentle and firm but hard and end up hurting not only her body but her spirit. 

One thing was for sure. Devon wouldn't be able to hold out much longer...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

One day, late in the afternoon while Alex was at work, Devon found his friend's kid sister, Mia in bed asleep. Her black hair fanned out over the throw pillow with a heart stitched on it... and she was butt naked. Fuck. 

Some magnetic force was drawing him into the room towards the bed (more likely his cock which sported a half chub at the moment). A blanket was draped over her hip giving Devon a tantalizing view of the cute dimples above her round perfect bottom. He wanted to bite into the ass. Slap it. Kiss it. Fuck it hard then make sweet love to it. 

Mia shifted in her sleep making a soft feminine sound that made Devon's cock jerk. He was cautious. He didn't want to wake her. Yet. She was hugging an oversized teddy bear. Devon looked down on her, leaning against the wall by her bed with a predatory glint in his eyes and carnal grin. 

Throwing caution to the wind, Devon settled himself right beside her, not pressing against her back yet. He reached out and gently moved her hair away revealing the seductive curve of her neck. Mia had a delectable mole right below her ear. Devon's thumb glided over it as he leaned over and blew softly into her ear. 

Mia shuddered. She made a rasping sound hugging her bear more tightly. Devon was gifted with a view of her luscious mounds. They were ripe apples he wanted to nibble and caress. He made himself more comfortable, lining his body the length of hers. His fingers trailed sensuously down her arm. She still didn't wake. Smirking, Devon rubbed his whole hand down her side, resting on her waist.

Mia's skin was warm and soft. Just like satin. Devon massaged circles into her hip. To his delight, Mia moved back closer, her supple rump pushing up against his crotch. Devon's bulging erection strained against his denim. 

Devon wondered if Mia was a heavy sleeper or if she was awake and giving him the green light. Well he wasn't going to pass this up. Devon's hand moved to her midriff feeling the satin of her navel. His mind raced with lewd thoughts on how to proceed further. Should he start licking that pussy that was so enticingly within reach? No. As much as he wanted Mia's delicious heat he could wait. Right now Mia's breasts were ripe for the plucking.

He could smell the candied scent of vanilla and coconut that was strongest on her neck. Her hair was fresh and clean and soft against his cheek. He buried his nose in those dark tresses. Cupping her breast Devon made hungry sounds in the back of his throat. It was honey soft. Plush. He savored the fleshy weight feeling it swell in his large palm. His arm pulled her into his body and Mia shifted slightly, rubbing against him. His dick pulsed.

Mia's skin was so pliant and creamy. The pad of his thumb circled the rosy nipple. He watched entranced as it shriveled into a taut dark bud. He rolled it between his thumb and index finger loving how Mia moaned in her sleep. She was getting a bit more sensitive at his gentle touch, more responsive and yet to his mounting frustration still asleep.

Devon left the hard nubs of her breasts and instead stroked Mia's shaven lips. They were so smooth and warm. He explored her satin entrance that began to moisten at his tender touch. Mia purred, opening her thighs a little to give Devon better access.

"Oh baby, I need you to wake up," Devon whispered, his voice thick with need. He swore he saw a smirk flash across her achingly sexy lips. 

Devon shrugged then kept his mouth busy, nibbling her fragrant neck. His tongue traced her pulse, feeling it speed up. Mia may have been asleep but her body was coming awake at his sensual touches. With a groan against her skin, Devon pushed a finger into fiery slick paradise. He felt her walls flex and spasm around him, adjusting to the invasion until they molded about his digit. 

"Mmmm," Mia squirmed against him. Devon wanted to take his clothes off and rub against Mia's baby soft skin but he was reluctant to leave the velvet heat caressing his finger. Damn it why wouldn't Mia wake up?

Lapping against her coconut skin Devon pressed another finger into her. Pulling her back, resting her on his chest he was able to cup her sex, his palm rubbing against her pulsating clit as he finger fucked her. Mia hugged her bear tighter, moaning into its soft furry belly. Devon throbbed with need. He wanted to bury his cock deep inside her and make her his. He wanted to kiss her, his tongue fucking her mouth while he pummeled her sweet sopping cleft. He wanted her to wake up!

Devon curled his fingers in her passage and Mia creamed, lubricating his palm. Devon was suddenly hit with a vanilla musk of her arousal. His mouth watered. He wanted to shove his tongue deep within those silky depths and drink her in until that's all he could taste. His impassioned heart beat against his haughty chest so loudly he was sure the sound would wake her. 

"Oh shit, Mia," Devon breathed huskily in her ear, nipping at the cute lobe then soothing it with his tongue. "Wake up, baby."

As if that did it, Mia rolled back into him, her china-doll face lifting upwards at him. Slowly she opened her indigo eyes and stared up at him. Devon stopped sliding his cunning fingers that were buried deep in her drizzling core. 

"Look who's awake," Steve wanted to sound casual and confident but inside he was holding his breath. His stomach in knots. Would she scream at him? Would she hit him and cry rape? After what felt like forever, Mia squeezed on Devon's fingers, shuddering as a small orgasm washed over her. 

"About damn time you made a move, Devon," she drawled throatily. Instantly Devon's body relaxed. He pulled his fingers from between Mia's moist thighs. Then he placed his cream coated fingers against Mia's lips.

She met his gaze with equal lust. Mia opened her mouth and sucked on his fingers hungrily. Her dreamy eyes then closed in bliss at her taste. She moaned in delight. Devon licked his lips, fully aroused at the kinky sight. His cock throbbing, cum dribbling from his crown, Devon withdrew his fingers then sucked on them. He tasted traces of her vanilla cream. 

"You taste delicious," he groaned, his voice sultry and dripping with sexual need. "I can't wait to taste more of you." Mia mewled cuddling deeper into Devon's body. Then Devon did one of the most erotic things Mia ever experienced.

He wet his still musky fingers and slowly circled Mia's bare tip. Mia shivered with sensual pleasure. Her nipple contracted, getting taut and sensitive. Her nipples were always connected to her clit. Whenever she played with them, sensation would arch to her red berry. 

"Devon...," Mia sighed a rush of warmth painting her cheeks a velvet rose. Her succulent breasts swelled with desire. She hugged her bear whose fur felt really good against her sensitive skin. 

"Such a sweet angel," Devon hissed into her ear. "But I know the little slut hiding beneath that facade." Mia groaned a low yes pushing her hips down to meet his thrusting fingers. He felt her silken muscles clamp down on him and ripple. She cried out her third orgasm and Devon couldn't resist. He crushed his mouth to hers swallowing her pleasurable moans. 

Devon's tongue warred with Mia's, invading her mouth with a wet heat. He tasted traces of her love juices, felt the velvet texture inside her mouth and relished every inch. His finger meanwhile played with her throbbing clit with gentle circles, feeling Mia's slender curves jolt at every playful flick. She was so sensitive after three orgasms that the feathery touch made her breath hitch and body jerk. 

After minutes of ravishing kisses, Devon pulled back, his hand rubbing her belly in soothing circles until he felt her quivering muscles ease. He nibbled and licked her lips with soft sensual kisses. This was a dream come true for both and neither wanted to waste time talking about repercussions. Yet.

Mia, the little minx turned over to face him and wrapped her slender leg around his hip. Her hand cupped and stroked the monster caged inside his jeans. She smiled as she felt it throb. 

"Are you wearing boxers?" she murmured against his lips. "Or did you go commando today?" Please say commando. The scrape of his stubble sent ripples of heat over her skin. He took her chin between his fingers and whispered huskily, "Why don't you be a good girl and find out."

Mia's stomach squeezed in delicious expectation at the command. She liked being commanded. It made her cream to hear Devon's whiskey roughened voice demand her to please him. She was still sleepy but she slowly made her way down and rested her head on Devon's stomach. He was still fully clothed so pulling his cotton black shirt up, Mia planted soft lazy kisses on his rippled abs while she worked to free the object of her darkest dreams. With slow, tantalizing care, Mia unbuttoned and unzipped his denim. Devon gave a sigh of relief, the pressure against his swollen erection had eased. 

"Commando," Mia murmured breathlessly. "Sexy motherfucker."

Her lips were electric. Devon's nerve endings came alive with every tentative lick of her wicked tongue and press of her lush lips. The muscles in his abdomen clenched with anticipation as Mia's kisses went lower. The ache in his loins increased. He wanted to push her head down but he didn't want to ruin the moment. So he wrapped his hands around the iron bed frame, allowing the 18 year old girl freedom to indulge in her fantasy.
