 I was thirty two, a big, happy, healthy guy, a full time carpenter with few worldly cares besides finding cold brews and warm women, a man in his prime. I weighed, in those days, 220 lbs and it was all muscle, including major portions of my brain. I worked hard, lived well and enjoyed life immensely, drank deeply and cut a swathe through the female population of our little burg. 

It happened that I was called upon, that particularly hot summer, to undertake some repairs at a convent. The place was old, very, and had some major issues, in fact, far too many to actually fix in one week, but my boss, a devout man, had volunteered me to do what I could. I was scheduled to meet the mother superior there on a Monday. 

I remember that the temperatures soared that week, but the convent was on the lake and I was hoping I'd be able to make time to take a dip in a little sheltered cove there when I could. Otherwise, it promised to be a long, boring week. The convent was so far out of town that I planned to camp out of the back of my truck right there at the lakeside.

The mother superior was gone when I arrived, as were most of the nuns. One young novitiate had been left behind to care for the few much older sisters who were bed ridden and needed intensive senior care. 

Sister Arlene was a short but well built young woman. She appeared to be not much older than twenty-three or so, quiet and shy, and seemed somewhat confused about what I was supposed to do. I gotta say that it was awkward standing there, that first day, in my shorts and sleeveless t shirt, sweating in the mid morning heat while she was decked head to foot in a full body, black and white habit. Her only uncovered skin was her hands and face. And it was a lovely face. She didn't carry herself in a dumpy way but then she may have had a body like a bag of potatoes under all that black cloth. Still, I found myself watching how she moved, wondering what kind of woman was under there. She moved like a cat.

She was kind of clueless about why I was there, having missed that memo. So, after a few moments of thinking, Sister Arlene took me to a second floor closet to show me where a leak had discolored the ceiling. It was a large, walk in type enclosure, and I could see the leak had been there awhile. There happened to be an old ladder in the closet, no doubt so somebody could climb up to open an access door that led to the attic. 

Sister Arlene climbed up this a few rungs and was pointing out some of the damage. I was beneath, holding the old ladder steady. Suddenly, the rung she was standing on bent back on itself and she lost her balance. She'd have really landed hard but I caught her, literally, in my arms as she fell. My goodness. In those few moments I copped a feel and I learned she was, in fact, a shapely and interesting woman, all that habit and those vows notwithstanding.

She became extremely embarrassed and in trying to scramble out of my arms, her habit dress hiked up and I was given a healthy view and brief feel of a fine pair of legs, strong, lithe, with silky thighs that seem to quiver at my touch.

"Oh my God," she stammered, "I'm so sorry. Please forgive me." Her chest heaved and I swear her breasts seemed to grow larger. She blushed crimson. 

I didn't say a thing. I just looked at her, enjoying my glimpse of the woman beneath the habit. This flustered her even more and she blushed even deeper red, then turned and fled. I noticed, though, that she even looked good walking away, her robes swishing just so.

Well, I got a better ladder, climbed into the attic and began working. Sometime later I heard Sister Arlene's voice coming from below. She was offering me a drink. I asked her to climb up. I wanted to show her something I'd found.

It was another ladder, one that led up to a kind of crows nest, up to a secret nook built just below the old steeple tower. The little room had a small window that looked out over the countryside and was about big enough for maybe four people to recline up there. I guessed it was built as a sanctuary for slaves escaping north on the Underground Railroad. 

Sister Arlene was enthralled by my discovery and eagerly climbed up into this hiding place with me and lay down on the wood floor next to me facing the small opening that looked out at the lake and hills and road, enjoying a cooling breeze that washed over us. As she continued to marvel at the view, I lay back and watched her, once again seeing the young woman, flush with girlish enthusiasm, her breasts squashed up against the floor boards, her ass a magnificent, swelling mound, inviting and very attractive. I was having impure thoughts.

She sensed me staring and turned on her side to look at me, rolling back so her full body was facing mine. Again those breasts heaved. She blushed again. I was blocking the way down, so she had to confront me.

"Mr. Kelly," she said in a nervous voice, "thank you so much for showing me this. I..." She paused, and then she let her eyes roam over my supine figure. My shirt was sweaty and clinging to my chest and abs. My hair wild. My shorts were the loose kind, so there was no hiding my hard on, large and pulsing, poking at my crotch like an untamed beast trying to bust out and wreak havoc. Her eyes got very large as she stared at it.

I was wicked back then. Seeing the focus of her attention, I slowly pulled the waistband out and then down, exposing my cock to her full view.

"I'm so sorry, Sister," I said, "but look what you've done to me."

She sucked in a quick breath but never took her eyes from the rock hard, reddened and throbbing flesh not three feet away from her lips. For a few long moments the tension was exquisite, the only sound her breathing, coming in raspy gasps. Her hand began to move toward the tip, the red helmet of my warrior, her fingers moving as if on their own, and I thought she might actually touch it. But at the last moment she pulled back and she began to become very uncomfortable. She literally crawled around me to get down that ladder. She began chattering, her voice several registers higher than it had been.

"I really have to get going. I have so much to do. I'm late for Sister Theophane's lunch feeding. You've been so kind. Thank you, Mr. Kelly. I feel like I've discovered a piece of history up here. But I've got to go. I've got to do things. So much to do. You know, busy, busy, busy." And on and on until I couldn't hear her anymore. I just rolled over and lay back, letting my own blood pressure subside gradually.

I took a break then, went down to the lake, got naked and dived in. Oh god how good that felt. As I splashed around I could feel eyes on me. Sure enough I caught a glimpse of black and white up on a balcony overlooking the cove. 

After some lunch and the much needed cold dip I resumed my working, this time tearing out the ruined ceiling in the large closet. Once again my work was interrupted by Sister Arlene with a pitcher of ice water. I thanked her kindly and I gulped a large tumbler full. But I purposely let much of it pour down the front of my chest, wetting my t shirt and the waistband of my shorts, torturing this poor young lady as much as I could. 

"Mr. Kelly," she breathed, "I wonder if you could help me, um, um, change out a light bulb down the hall." She was panting slightly. It really was hot and she was sweating profusely now.

I followed her swishing butt into a small room, just a cell, really. She walked in before me, and climbed onto a chair against the wall. 

"Could you just hold me while I unscrew this bulb?" she asked, as innocent as an angel, with nary a hint of anything...sinful. But the invitation was unmistakable.

I stood behind her and as she reached up and slowly twisted out the old bulb I let my hands wander up to her waist, freely feeling her flat tummy and slowly working my way up to fondle the undersides of the soft, firm flesh of her young and very perky tits, firmly ensconced, though they were, in a very practical bra. I then ran a hand down to her ass, cupping and squeezing each swelling cheek and delving for a moment into the forbidden cleft between.

All the while she kept up a mindless prattle. "It's so hard to get things like this done around here, we have so little help. I'm always having to do things like this myself. I am on call to change bulbs everywhere. It's so nice to have someone to assist. Someone who is strong enough to do the types of work we have around here. I am so thankful for you're help, Mr. Kelly..."

As she finished, I hoisted her light body off the chair and as I let her slide down to the floor, her dress stayed in my hands, hiking up, totally exposing her legs all the way up to her ass. I had a handful of skirt in one hand and with the other I reached around and let my fingers play with the band of her very white panties, slowly, gradually, reaching down to gently caress the lips of her pussy, all swollen and wet and slippery to my touch.

"We had a janitor once, you know," she said between raggedy breaths, "but he got too old and we have to do all the maintenance ourselves now. I'm kept very busy, you know, just taking care of things. It takes much of my time." 

Still facing the wall, and without consciously acknowledging what was happening there, one of her hands reached back to run through my hair while the other began groping around my crotch. I kissed her neck and she gasped and I swear I felt a gush of fluid soak my fingers. One hand was stroking her clit and the other was fondling her tits. I pushed her panties as far down as I could and used my foot to slide them to the ground. I lifted one of her legs up onto the chair and I bodily lifted her then slid her creamy wet cunt very slowly down onto my rigid pole. As she enveloped the full length of my cock she let me support her feathery weight by wrapping her legs around mine in reverse and she used her hands to hold my face into her neck. I leaned backward a bit for balance, embraced her torso fully and squeezed her body into mine as I began to hump into her sloshy, warm, gripping pussy with long, slow strokes.

She was not a virgin, or had no hymen anyway.

And she never stopped talking, though her voice was extremely raspy, whispery, "I can't tell you how fortunate I feel...uh, uh, uh...to have you to help fix the place up. Oh, oh...mmmmm...we could keep you busy year round though I know that's not possible...oooh."

She began writhing against me now, a sensuous, snakelike dance of lust and wanton abandon, and she was producing a flood of cunt juice, warm creamy fluid sluicing out around her clutching cunt lips and oozing down my cock, balls, and dripping down both our thighs. Her habit headpiece was askew and her blondish hair was pushing out here and there. The front of her habit was gaping open and the pure white flesh of her chest and breasts was dappled with a strawberry blush. We were both covered in sweat. 

"It's so nice, mmmm, of you to help, Mr., Mr., Mr. Kelly...so nice, oooh..."

I was really pounding into her, as best I could give that I was holding her wet and sweat-slippery squirming torso while fucking her now quite bubbly, cream filled, constantly erupting cunt from behind. 

My fingers found her mouth and she sucked them in, tonguing them, which finally shut off her chatter. I began to speak, quite mindlessly, in tongues I suppose. Though very lewd, it came from the depths of my soul. "I have lived my entire life for this moment, for you, Sister," I growled into her ear, "for your incredible body to be wrapped around me here, fucking me like this and coming on my rocket hard cock so wet, so perfect, so fucking hot. I was born to fuck you, Sister, born to be your lover. Every year, every day I've been alive has been leading me to this very moment, to your amazing sex, to just stand here in awe of your sex, of your need, of your body, I am in a state of perfect grace to fill you with my cock, to be part of you, be inside you, fuck you till you come, till your very soul erupts cum juice and fireworks explode in your pussy and I am sucked into the very depths of you..."

And that did it. She went catatonic, her entire body began quaking in convulsive tremors and she began sucking and drooling on my fingers as I thrust upwards and emptied myself in hot rockets of sperm splashing into her spasming vagina, my pelvis holding her up, skewering her on the full length of my cock. 

I don't know how long I stood there with her pinned like a butterfly on my cock pole, but at some point her entire body went limp and I collapsed as gently as I could onto the small bed pushed against the wall. I ended up fully on top of her, feeling the last tremors of her orgasm clutching at my cock. It was all so fucking hot I began humping her again very slowly. She lay there, face down, so still and listless she seemed part of the bed, bathed in sweat, her black habit pulled up over her firm, white ass, legs spread limply open for me, her head piece hanging off her hair, mouth gasping for air like a fish out of water. She actually reached her hands under her body, pulled up the front of her habit and began stroking both our genitals as I slowly fucked her soft, supple, yielding young flesh and dripped sweat off my forehead onto the back of her neck, then licked it off. My second orgasm came a few minutes later and she began to buck under me as she felt me coming, a wild, unbroke colt of a woman, her body wracked by another powerful orgasm, strange gasping noises emanating from the back of her throat until she finally just sort of passed out. As I pulled my sore cock from the hot clutch of her cunt she let out a groan that sounded like "noo..."

I bent down and began kissing her wet oozing pussy, to which she let out a bubbling kind of gasp, spreading her legs open even further and pushing her ass up to meet my lips.

"That was," I whispered, speaking to her pussy, "what everything I've ever done, ever thought, ever dreamed, ever hoped for in my life has been leading up to. That was the highest moment of pure life I ever hope to ever, ever, ever reach. Your sex, this sex, your body, making love to you was like being shown a new light on life and from this moment on everything I do, everything I will ever be, will be celebrated and appreciated in the afterglow, the warmth, the joy and wonder of what we've just done here. You are right now the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me. Your body, you, are a gift, a piece of heaven."

After awhile, I picked her up off the bed and carried her down to the lake where we let the water wash away our sins. It was a week that is burned indelibly into my brain and still feeds my soul all these years hence.