 …

Should I, after tea and cakes and ices,
Have the strength to force the moment to its crisis?
But though I have wept and fasted, wept and prayed,
Though I have seen my head [grown slightly bald] brought in upon a platter,
I am no prophet--and here's no great matter;
I have seen the moment of my greatness flicker,
And I have seen the eternal Footman hold my coat, and snicker,
And in short, I was afraid.

…

The Love Song of J Alfred Prufrock, T. S. Eliot

*

Vegas, for me, is a necessary evil. Three or four times a year, for too many years than I care to remember, I have schlepped west to participate in trade shows and conventions. I go, I give my talk, I press the flesh, I grip and grin with the rest of the people in my business, and I come home. But it is tiresome and if I don't appear too enthusiastic, it is because I am not.

Having made arrangements for this particular show rather close to the deadline, I found myself staying at one of the less elegant hotels. Ah, but it's just a place to sleep. In this case, a place that is somewhat convenient, being located at the end of the monorail line. 

It was Thursday about 9PM. I was getting off the monorail at my hotel after returning from an early dinner with a client at Le Provencal at the Paris.. 

One my way across the ramp I saw two thirty-ish ladies walking together toward the train entrance - one little mousy girl in jeans and the other, a very sexy dark woman in a dress. The dark, thick, lady was staggering badly. I instinctively thought they were together.

The dark girl with the short hair really could not hold herself up. She staggered into the fence a couple of times, spilling a little of her drink on herself with each stumble. 

So, being the meddlesome asshole that I am, I asked the mousy chick if her friend was ok. 

"She's not with me," the mousy chick snapped as she sped away, stepping on to the train just before the doors closed. 

I approached the drunken lady and asked her if she was ok. She nodded, stumbled, and looked down in disbelief as another splash of her drink landed on her dress. 

No. She was not ok. 
I asked her where she was going. 

"With you." She slurred.

This woman was not doing well. I was thinking drugs and alcohol at this point. Her lips were thickened and definitely turning blue. I tried to see if her nails were blue as well, but her nice French manicure obscured any evidence of anoxia in the nail bed. But don't misunderstand here, I am not an expert in this kind of thing anyway. 

I walked her to a bench and asked her to sit. 

This was serious. This lady was in bad shape and I was offering assistance. Dumb, I thought. Where is my street-wise Jersey-boy common sense? I got nervous. I should not be involved. 

My fucking B/P was soaring. I could feel my heart pounding and I broke a sweat. My pits were soaked. 

I pulled out my cell phone, stared at it a moment, and finally decided that there was no one to call. Hell, I was certainly not going to call 911. I put the phone back in my pocket. There were two security guards at the turnstile where you walk into the station. But they are just geezers - so I figured not even to bother.

I just stood there thinking for a while. I could not just walk away and leave this chick. But she was fucking hammered. I could call the cops. But if I did that, she would get arrested. She didn't need that crap. This was a well-dressed, well-groomed, classy lady who just happened to be drunk, maybe more. She didn't need to get arrested. I couldn't sleep if I got her into that kind of trouble. 

So I thought. I stood and I thought.

She was taller than me. But hey, at my majestic height of 5 feet 6 inches, everybody is taller than me, right? She had dark olive skin with thick features; black (almost black), very short hair, cut nicely close to her head. I am probably dating myself but I would call it a pixie cut. Having once, for a few miserable years, been married to a hair-cutter, I can  identify an expensive cut when I see it. She wore a light gray dress with shoulder straps that were sagging, probably because she was drunk. Her boobs were small, but overall, she was a little chunky ... just plump. She wore black, open-toe platform shoes ... which made her stagger more - and that's how I noticed them.

I looked at her, but I did not stand too close to her, just in case her boyfriend came ... or the cops. Hey, ya never know. 

I kept asking her where she was heading. And every time I asked, she said the same thing: "with you," or  "wherever you want," something like that anyway. I asked her if someone was waiting for her somewhere or if could I help her get a cab. She smiled. 

One thing for sure, I was not putting this lady on that monorail in her condition. 

Okay call me an old fashioned chivalrous male, but I could not let this lady walk away with no direction. And yes, I would have done much the same thing if she was old, fat, and ugly. Anyway, I like fat chicks - my preference. I hope you don't have a problem with that. I probably would not have helped a guy though. Fuck guys. But yeah, and I mean it, I would have done the same thing for an old gross lady too. Forget about it.

I was thinking that any minute her body-builder, biker boyfriend (husband - god forbid) was going to come up those stairs and ask me what the fuck I was doing with his chick. Yeah, I was thinking that a lot. So I was keeping myself defensively back and away from her.

Was I thinking with the wrong organ? Absolutely not. At that moment I confess that I had no thoughts of intimate contact at all. More, I was thinking to myself: "Ok homes, you managed to get yourself involved once again into something you could have just walked away from. Now what?"

But that's just not my style. It's not me. Nope, I don't walk away. I could not leave that lady there in her condition. Not a fucking chance. I might talk all day about that Jersey-boy indifference, but I was not leaving her like that. So call me a hypocrite. I can handle it.

I just kept talking to her, asking her if someone was expecting her, if someone was coming here, if she had to go someplace. If she responded at all, she asked me to take her with me.

Finally, and believe me, I thought for a long while before I said this, finally I suggested she come with me to the cafe in the hotel lobby. She agreed. I did not touch her or even walk too close to her going down the ramp and escalator toward the hotel casino. The café was small but comfortable. I had been eating breakfast there so it was familiar. I got her a large orange juice and ordered her some dry, burned toast. The cute gothic girl behind the counter smiled like she knew how drunk my lady was. Since we were both dressed nicely for a night out, we could easily have been a couple. Yeah, some couple, me with my salt and pepper, mid-life-crisis hair and this gorgeous 30 something, groomed, but drunken, lady. Well, I suppose they could have thought she was a hooker. Such things have happened in Las Vegas.

I did my best to look casual, but I was nervous. I kept my chair back from the table expecting some big jocko dude to come along and crack my skull. Sure, yeah, I was a dyed-in-the-wool street fighter back in the day ... but hey, I am an old motherfucker now. 
Anyway, no one came for her.

I got her another juice and ordered her a hot tea with two tea bags. She was good, she ate and drank and started to look better. Every time I asked her if she wanted something; in fact, every time I asked her anything, she responded with a pretty smile and said: "You're so sweet." Over and over, no matter what I asked, what I said, she smiled and said the same thing.  "You're so sweet."

Interesting.

Finally it changed. I asked her if she was feeling better. 

"Much, thank you." She smiled. "Where are you going?"

I replied that it was late and I needed to go get some sleep. 

'Ooh," She said like - like the sound little girls make when they see a cute kitten - hard to describe. There was just a hint of sarcasm in those dark eyes. 

Yeah, the old man needs to get some Zs.

Basically, to tell you the bottom-line truth here, I really had to take a serious piss and I did not want to go to the men's room in the lobby and leave her where I could not see her. Sure she was improving, but she was still pretty fucked up. 

It took me a long time to get to this, but eventually I said that I had had a long day and I really needed to go upstairs and chill (piss, like I said, but I didn't tell her that); and that she could come with me if she wanted. I said it as uninvitingly as I could ... because I did not want her to think I was trying to get her into my room so I could fuck her. And I meant it.

Ok, you don't believe me. I understand. But I really meant it.

"I'm with you." She said.

On the way up I asked her if she wanted food sent to my room. 

"You're so sweet." She smiled.

I thought I would wait a while and let that orange juice kick in a bit more.

She sat on the chair and I put a blanket over her. I did not even think of putting her in one of the two doubles in this room anyway.

She fell asleep almost immediately.

I put on some jeans, brushed my teeth, washed up, and read my book for a while. I didn't want to turn on my computer or the TV because I did not want to disturb her.

When she woke up ... I was not looking at the clock … I asked her if she was hungry. She was. I ordered her a bacon cheeseburger with fries and two large cokes, not diet, but the kind with lots of sugar and caffeine. She ate the burger without the bread and picked at the fries. I offered her some of my vitamins. Though my partying days are long in the past and I don't ever drink excessively anymore, I still carry B complex and B12, just in
case. She took what I offered without questioning; which led me to believe that someone had probably gotten something bad into her earlier on this evening. 

Her color improved quickly. The burger and B12 did miracles. She asked me if she could use my bathroom. I asked if she wanted me to go downstairs for a while and leave the room to her. I would have just stayed in the hall. I was still worried. But she said that she preferred for me to stay here with her anyway.

She kicked her shoes off and that was when it first hit. She was so fucking sexy. Forget everything I said before. I was feeling it now. I couldn't help it. She was smiling and telling me I was sweet, and her feet were so sexy. Oh jesus I was feeling it.

But I was being cool and when she went into the bathroom I straightened up the room and put the blanket back on the bed.

We talked for a while when she came out. I told her my name and why I was in Vegas. She said her name was Adelle, a name which I was soon to discover that I could not remember. I asked her what she was doing in Vegas. She smiled. I asked if she lived in Vegas. She smiled. I told her I was from Jersey. She said I was sweet. 

And this was the kind of conversation we had. I tried to ask her where she was going, and, as usual, she said that she was going anywhere I wanted to take her.

Then I got worried that she was a set up and I was going to get robbed. Yeah, ok, fat chance someone was going to rob this home boy. Then I thought about her big jocko husband whom I had worried about earlier. Not a good thing.

So I pretty much got in her face and asked her what she was up to. Was she fucking with my head?

She smiled, came to me, kissed me lightly on the forehead, and told me that I was a nice guy and she would not fuck with my head. 

And that is when it all happened. That first kiss on the forehead was just so nice. But before I recovered, she put her hands on my head and kissed me deeply.

I was fucking finished. No possibility that I could resist this.

I backed up and asked her if she was sure.

She smiled and said I was a sweet man, then kissed me more.

She backed me to the bed and that was it. No turning back.

Was I scared? Oh yeah, I was scared. And I have been known to run away from women when they get this aggressive, but not this time.

We kissed a lot in the bed. I felt her soft ass and her cone-shaped tits. She had pointy nipples that were so hard I could feel them even through her dress.

I could stop this, I thought. 

She pushed her knee up firmly under my balls, and that left me totally hopeless to resist.

I don't even remember undressing, but I will never forget seeing her in her little lace bra and panties. They matched. I get hard thinking of that pretty girl in those sexy things. 

We kissed more. I sucked her tits softly and teased her with my fingertips, massaging her around her pussy but not touching it. I kissed her thighs and moved down her legs to suck her feet. It all started with those sexy feet. I sucked her toes and nibbled her under her arches, which made her giggle. I asked her if she wanted me to stop. She said that she loved it. But it made her giggle. Weird, but I kept going. It made me hard.

I was more than hard. I could feel that feeling inside. You know what I mean, that feeling that you get, that feeling deep inside of you that you only get when you know, when you really connect with someone. I can't describe it, but it was there ... in my chest, my belly, in my heart. God, she was so soft and so sweet.

I moved slowly back up her legs and licked her pussy. She spread so nicely for me and she tasted so fucking good. Jesus christ, I remembered how sweet and fresh pussy could be. There have been too many old whores in my life, old and used. She was fresh, sweet. She was orgasmic, and I love that. I could feel her start to shake when my lips first touched her cunt,. Christ, she came so fast it surprised me. I kept licking her, sucking and teasing her cunt with my mouth. She came over and over in her soft, little, pretty way. No noise, no OH GOD stuff, she just quivered.

I moved up and kissed her with my face full of her cunt. She loved it. I pushed my dick in her cunt and squeezed her perky tits together and sucked them. She wrapped her soft legs around my back. I licked and sucked her tits while we fucked. She wanted her nipples sucked hard. She held her tits for me while I sucked, the harder I sucked, the more she pushed them to me. I gave her some teeth there, but not enough to hurt, just a gentle nibble for a soft, gentle, pretty lady. And she loved that too. Her soft body quivered almost continuously in orgasmic bliss. My poor dick was going hard and soft. I was so hot it was crazy, but every time I thought about where I was, what was happening, I semi lost my hard on. I know she could feel it, but I didn't say anything.

I couldn't cum. Too much running through my mind. Hell, I could barely stay hard. But every time I touched her soft cheeks I knew that I wanted her ass. That would make me cum, I thought.

I moved to her side and nudged her over. Her body moved gracefully - no resistance, no complaints, no words - maybe a soft little sigh here and there.

I put a pillow under her hips. There was no mistaking what I wanted. She lifted nicely and gave it to me. I pressed my dick between her cunt lips with my hand to make it nice and wet for her ass. But I went soft again when I tried to enter her. I let my confused dick rest between her supple cheeks, and settled down gently on top of her sweet, soft body. I lay with her, massaging her pussy gently, kissing her neck softly. Enrobed in the warmth of her passion, serenaded by the soft sighs of her rapture, I regained my erection quickly.

She took me easily, but I entered her nicely and gently, kissing her neck and between her shoulders, playing with her wet cunt and tasting her fresh juice. Her taste, and her scent were so incredible that they drove me to white hot passion. I took her sweet pussy juice all over my fingers and shoved them greedily into my mouth while I made love to her ass. And that closed the deal. She felt my orgasm approaching and quivered sensually as I massaged her cunt and came inside of her ass.

I stayed inside her ass for a while, just feeling her soft body under me. And that old familiar feeling flooded inside of me again, that connection thing. Jesus I was falling in love with a woman who hadn't even told me her last name. She was magical. Or was it that I am just old and horny and so undeserving of anyone or anything as delicious as this?

Well, that did it. My poor struggling dick went down and I slid out of her.

I was trying not to let her see this roller coaster of a dick thing I was having, so I turned her over and came back to make love to her tits again. It wasn't that sucking them got me back up, but it was the display of the pleasure it gave her that did the magic. Attending devotedly to her superbly sensitive breasts, I moved up and slid my dick between them. They were just perfectly soft, and absolutely delicious, so inviting. She opened her mouth, hungrily trying to lick my cock as I slid it slowly between her soft breasts. 

I could not decide which one of us loved it more. Her body quivered each time my cock touched her lips. And each time she reached for my dick with her lips and tongue, each time I felt her hot breath on my cock, the fire of my passion burned hotter. I moved up more and slid fully into her mouth. I was gentle with her, but I made love to her mouth just like I had made love to her cunt and ass before - nicely, softly, lovingly. Her lips felt warm and soft and she was very much into it. It was incredible. So fucking good.

Okay, so call me a pig, but the thought of her licking her ass juice off of my cock brought me right to the edge. I was ready to cum again. I adjusted myself over her and fed her my cock. Taking control now, gently feeding her, fucking her mouth, I whispered for her to lean back, to open wider. Her eyes closed as I whispered " ... open wide ... good ... wider... yes ... like that." She understood. It was so fucking intense. She wanted my cock as much as my cock wanted her. I wanted her. She wanted me. It was undeniable. I came, feeding her the essence of my very being which she accepted with a loving need. This was so much more than an orgasm I can't even begin to describe the sensation deep within my heart. Seeing this beautiful woman in my arms, feeling our warm bodies together. It was overwhelming.

And that feeling came to me again. 

I moved down, laying on top of her and kissing her deeply. My tongue explored her mouth, reached for her soul. She was so delicious I wanted to devour her. We wanted to devour each other. She moved to take my cock into her pussy, but I moved away. I did not want my cock up that sweet cunt. I wanted to lick her all night just as fresh as she was.

In a little while I was sucking her tits again. I had always loved big huge titties, but hers were just perfectly nice - pointy with firm nipples that glowed pink against her olive brown skin. Her nipples were so sensitive that even a gentle touch sent her into a softly quivering orgasm. 

I understood her better now, and I explored those beautiful nipples, rolling them firmly in my fingers, licking them, nibbling lightly, sensually, learning how best to please her with my mouth.

Her legs came up to open for my cock, but I reached down and rolled her back further to enter her ass from on top. She shook in soft orgasm as soon as my dick slipped into her ass. I could not get enough of her nice little girly-girl orgasms. What a pretty, feminine lady. 

And that feeling kept coming. Jesus christ, I was hers.

I wanted to please her completely. I wanted to give her everything I possibly could. I wanted her to have an endless stream of those sweet, feminine orgasms.

She was even more beautiful in the sunlight. I held her face in my hands and kissed her. She pinched her nipples, pulling on them while I licked them and sucked them in between kissing her mouth and neck and nibbling her on top of her shoulders. 
