 Camping together had been Emma's idea. We hadn't seen Jed and Natalie for a couple of months and she was missing them. When she proposed a trip with them I knew it was ill-advised, but I didn't want to be the one that killed the plan, so I agreed, half-heartedly. I was pretty sure Natalie would nix it, probably citing Jed's health issues. As it happened, she assumed I would, so before either of us knew, it was confirmed.

This wouldn't be an ambitious wilderness trip with long portages through gorgeous pristine forests between untouched lakes. We'd done those trips before, and we all loved them, but it was no longer safe for Jed, so we'd spend the weekend in a campground in Moose Lake Park. Part of the impetus for the trip was that Richard would be returning to school soon, so this would also be a last romp, an end-of-summer treat for him and his friend Tyrone.

I spend Thursday night organizing and packing, and wondering how it had come to this. The last thing I wanted was to have Natalie lying a few metres away naked in her sleeping bag, both of us horny and frustrated and neither of us able to do anything about it. It was going to be an exercise in silent torment. We'd all arranged to leave work early on Friday so we could get a decent spot. As it turned out there were lots of spots. The campground was huge and the crowds had started to really thin out as the autumn approached. We found a perfect site - quite close to the lake, lots of trees, lots of space for three tents. The weather was perfect and as we set up the site and started preparing dinner, my mood improved. But then Natalie went into her tent and changed into her standard camping outfit - tank top and skimpy cut-offs - and my heart sank again, even as my cock rose.

All the firewood for sale in the campground was hopelessly green, so we took our chances on scrounging from the forest floor. This gave us enough wood for dinner and a decent evening marshmallow fire, but I soon realized that for cooking breakfast we'd need more than we had, so before turning in I set out on another foraging mission. Jed and I had earlier cleaned out the forest near our site, so I started venturing further from the site, looking for places not as yet scoured. On a dark roadway near the edge of the campground I saw a figure approaching, carrying a small bag. In the dark I recognized the green tank top before I could see anything else. I dropped my bundle. We were quite alone, so we ran right into each other's arms, ducking into an unused campsite.

"Did you come to help?", I asked.

"Yeah, to help myself", she said, grabbing my ass. "I can't stay long. I'm just supposed to be brushing my teeth, but on my way back I noticed you come down here and had to see you." She kissed me hard.

"This is torture", I said.

"I so want to suck your cock", she said, already breathless.

"I wouldn't say no. But you might need to brush again." She didn't even wait until I'd finished my sentence before my cock was out and in her mouth. Her tongue, it seemed to be coked up. It zipped around my cock head, up and down the front, across each of by balls with unbelievable speed and dexterity, I was so turned on so fast - I guess she meant it when she said she could only stay a while. I longed to pull her top off and fondle those magnificent tits, but I knew we'd end up getting carried away. I was getting close to the mark when she suddenly stopped and reached into her toiletries and retrieved a bottle of hand lotion. She applied it liberally to her finger, then resumed her awesome blow job. I second later I felt her finger massaging my anus, then gently entering me, while she started sucking me really hard. The sensation was incredible. I felt like a volcano.

"Oh god, Natalie, yesss... I'm gonna come...ahhhhhhh..." She pulled her mouth off my cock just in time for the first jet of come to fly past her face and land on the tree behind her. Several more decorated the adjacent trees and the ground beside her. She dexterously avoided getting any on her.

"Oh my fucking lord, that was amazing", I said. Thank you, you are my queen forever." She got up and gave me a long kiss.

"Nothing you don't deserve, my love. Gotta go! See you tomorrow." With that she ran off, leaving me to blissfully contemplate the ecstasy she'd just bestowed on me.

The next morning after breakfast we all went to the beach. Although Natalie had a body worthy of organized worship, she never wore a bikini, opting instead for a stylish but more modest one-piece. Like Emma, she was practical, and not hung up on impressing the boys. Unlike Emma, she had a middle eastern complexion that didn't burn that easily, and she wasn't afraid of spending lots of time in the sun. Emma had brought a giant beach umbrella, and she and the boys sat under it building a sandcastle city, while Jed, Natalie and I swam and threw a Frisbee in the water. We'd chosen this campground partly because the shallow lake was always so warm, especially later in the summer. Considering how empty the campground was, the swimming area was remarkably busy - I guess everyone had the same idea as us. The three of us ended up moving further out into the lake to avoid hitting bystanders. We could still see the tiny figures of Emma and the kids, and we kept an eye out in case they waved for us. Between the swimmers and screaming kids on the beach, the jet-skis and boats and water skiers, the lake was a noisy chaotic place today. Around 11 Jed started yawning repeatedly.

"You OK, bud?", I asked.

"Oh yeah. It's just this new medication. They warned me about this. When you first go on it, it upsets your sleep cycle. I kept waking up last night. Actually, I think I'll go lie down on the beach for a while." He swam in to shore. I was glad Emma was there to keep an eye on him - anything to do with medication scared me. Natalie swam over to me.

"Where's Jed going?"

"For a nap on the beach."

"Oh. Yeah, he was tossing and turning like a salmon last night." I looked at her lasciviously. 

"I wouldn't be able to sleep either if you were beside me." I put my arm around her under water. We were distant enough from shore that we could probably get away with anything, but I wasn't taking any chances. Natalie touched my hand.

"Just being around you makes me so horny", she said quietly. I pulled her to me briefly. I wanted to repay the favour she'd done me the night before, but I was pretty sure I couldn't hold my breath that long. I squatted right beside her and laid back, just my face out of the water. The surface was up to Natalie's neck as she stood, so we were both nearly invisible from shore. At this point there was a whole big family in the lake right between us and Emma's umbrella, throwing around a beach ball and a huge inflatable duck. It was great cover. I put my left arm around Natalie's back to support her. With my other hand I slipped one strap off her shoulder and began to massage her breasts.

"Mmmmmm", she purred. In the bath-like water of the lake, it was very easy to get playful. Natalie was starting to pant. I extended my left arm right around her and with that hand continued fondling her nipple, while my right hand slipped down to her crotch and rubbed her through her suit.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh." She was already trembling. I carefully lifted her suit and snaked my hand into her sacred delta. I started a circular rubbing motion with three fingers. Natalie laid her weight back on my arm and after a while started pushing against my fingers and rotating the opposite direction.

"Ohhhhh, baby, yeah..." I slipped a finger into her and began a gentle in and out. I felt her squeeze my finger aggressively. I slowly edged another finger into her and increased the thrusting motion. She responded quite loudly: "Oh god, Jake, uhhhhh...fuck me with your fingers!" I pushed harder and deeper, taking my cues from her verbal and motor responses.

"Oh jesus jesus jesus fuck me, ohhhh..." I began to apply pressure to the sensitive roof of her pussy. She bucked, pushing into my hand.

"Ahhhhhhh! Yesssss!" I spread the fingers of left hand and started really rubbing both of her nipples at once, with my thumb and pinky. She was gasping, her hands pushing mine into both her breasts and her pussy. With my right thumb I delicately teased her clit. She began writhing and panting violently. I made sure to keep her head above the surface.

"Ohhhhhhh, Oh god, Jake, You're so fine baby... oh fuck, I'm coming baby...uhhhhhh!" I felt her wonderful pussy convulse around my fingers while I continued pumping, but I pulled my thumb away from that sweet little clit, as much as I loved it. I watched, as she slowly regained her composure, feeling huge love for this amazing woman, and so glad to have been able to bring her so much pleasure. She pulled me into a long kiss. I quickly took note of the continued presence of the giant duck, bless it.

We could see the boys playing in the shallow water now. I needed another half hour in the water before I could be sure my cock had settled down sufficiently, then we went ashore and we all went in for lunch.