 I've told you before, I think you taste delicious. Well, if you want details, why don't you take off your pants and I'll describe it for you. I know I've blown you, like, a million times, but I don't want to miss any important details. Gee, it doesn't take much to get you hard, does it? All I did was get my tits out and crawl over to the couch. Why don't we take your pants right off? That's better, now I can kneel between your feet.

God I love your cock. Let me just -- ohhhh, yes -- I love that smell. There are no words to describe it, it's musky, I can tell it's been in your pants all day developing that manly scent.

I can feel the heat from it, I guess it's all engorged with blood to make it nice and hard for me. Wow, this is a really big erection isn't it? Even harder than normal -- all the veins standing out like that. I love how smooth the skin feels on your shaft, how my lips slip easily over it as I kiss you like this. I love how it jumps like that when I get close. Oh, now you're just making it do that, hitting me in the face with it! That's so hot, I love bobbing for your cock like this, trying to catch it with no hands.

Let me just catch that drip for you. Your precum tastes nice, but it feels even better, on my lips, my nose, my cheeks, my hands, my nipples. Let me wipe your cock on my nipples. I love how slippery they get, it feels so sexy.

I've got to get your cock back to my mouth, why don't you play with my tits for me? Slide your thumbs over my nipples, that always gets me hot and bothered. Let me lick your dick all over. You like it when I do the whole length in one lick, don't you? [Slurp!] How about when I wrap my tongue around it like this? That's enough fooling around, I'm going to go back to the head...

Did I mention I love the smell? Must be pheromones or something. Mmmmmmm. I love that it tastes unique. I'm in no doubt that my mouth is filled with cock! [Slurp, slurp] Yummy! More precum for me! Can you feel my mouth watering around you? Listen to my mouth squelch as I rock back and forth, pumping your cock with my lips.

See the drool running down my chin? It's because you're so tasty. I love feeling the smooth skin running over my lips, the hot cockhead sliding along my tongue. I can feel my throat catch as my gag reflex kicks in. You know if you give me a little time to recover I'll dive right back on. Here I go!

I guess these knickers are going in the wash, look at that wet spot! I'm surprised they haven't dissolved! I hope one hand's enough on your shaft because I have to touch myself. You're pumping out precum at quite a rate there! Let me smear some more on my slutty little face...

Do you like it when I just suck the head and use my hand to pump the shaft? I love how I can lick the precum up as soon as it peeks out your cockhole. Sometimes it's a tiny bit sweet, but it's really the texture that turns me on -- so slippery!

Time to suck you properly again. Oh, ok, if you're going to grab my head I guess my other hand's free now, too. I love feeling you fuck my mouth gently but irresistibly while I squeeze one nipple and stick a finger or three in my pussy. Listen to me moan around your cock. I'm listening to your breathing get ragged. It turns me on so much, anticipating your big load of cum.

Oh god, where are you going? Bring it back, I want to drink your cum. Ok, shoot from back there and I'll try to catch it in my mouth. I can see your cockhole gaping like it's trying to breathe. I'm looking down the barrel as you unload. I love the way it comes out in streams. Only caught half the first one. It's landing on my tits, in my hair, I feel like such a slut when we do this. I love it! Give it all to me, baby. Bring that delicious cock back and let me suck out the last few drops.

I love how it feels -- a bit like a liquid oyster, there's the thin juicy stuff and the thicker, creamier stuff. I can feel my mouth flooding with saliva. I'm letting your cum slide over my tongue, coating it. I think people say it tastes salty because there isn't a better word. It's a bit spicy, quite strong. It's unmistakably a gift from you, and I love it. Let me swallow it -- there!

I like scooping it off my tits like this, too. The taste changes -- I think the thin juicy liquid runs off and then I'm left with just thick, tasty gloop that I can scrape up on my fingers and eat.

That's as clean as I can be bothered getting, lover boy, stick it back in my mouth and give me more!