 Sunday was our last day at Moose Lake. The weather was still perfect, so we all agreed we'd wait until later in the afternoon to leave. It would mean heavier traffic, but for one more day in paradise I could deal with a bit of bumper-to-bumper. At breakfast I noticed Natalie was slightly stooped and moving a bit slower than usual. Emma and Jed noticed it too.

"I'm OK," she assured them. "Just a touch of a stomach bug. I'll be fine, I took some antacid." Stomach bug, huh? I felt bad. We may have overdone it a bit on the swing. I helped her wash the breakfast dishes, where we exchanged hungry smiles and held hands fleetingly a few times, but we had no chance to talk.

Natalie didn't swim much at the beach, preferring to lay back and chill with Emma. Jed and I spent the morning in the water, launching Richard and Tyrone into the air. After lunch I took the car to the campground office to pay the bill and check us out. Since the campground was becoming quite empty now, the ranger was fine with us occupying the site a few more hours. On the way back I spotted Natalie walking along the road. I pulled up beside her and rolled down the window.

"Ma'am, I'm sorry, but there's no walking allowed here," I said. "This is the car zone." She came up to the window. After looking around furtively she leaned in and gave me a long kiss.

"Are you OK, babe?" I asked. "Have I injured you?"

"No no, just a bit sore," she said. "In a good way." She smiled sweetly. "But thanks for asking."

"Where are you off to?"

"To take a shower." I guess the towel over her shoulder should have clued me in.

"Didn't you already have one this morning?" I asked. She smiled slightly and narrowed her eyes a bit.

"Not all showers are for cleaning." I must have looked confused, so she held up her toiletries bag, unzipping it slightly. I just caught a brief glimpse of a vibrator. "I wasn't expecting to see you alone today." I smiled.

"Can I...help you with that? Or, should I...give you a break?" She looked at me for a while, with that same mischievous grin I'd seen before. Then she ran around and got into the passenger's seat.

We drove to a different bathhouse, on the far side of the campground, just to avoid any chance of complications. We went into the men's side, which seemed tidier - it appeared not to have been used at all since it was last cleaned - opting for the disabled shower stall, which gave us more space. It seemed unlikely we'd be inconveniencing anyone now. We had avoided any contact other than discreetly holding hands in the car, but now I just had to embrace her. When she took off the beach towel I realized she was wearing the same sheer silk gown she'd worn on our first night together. We kissed greedily and I hugged her close. My shirt was open so again I felt the same glorious sensations I'd felt that night while we were still trying to resist one another.

"I know this gown," I said looking up and down her fabulous frame.

"It always makes me feel sexy. Ever since that night."

"Well, the feeling is definitely accurate," I said as I nestled into her neck. I reached down and gently cupped her mound. She moaned and bit my neck. I wanted to push her up against my cock, but I remembered her pain, and decided to keep my cock out of things as best I could. I turned her around and kissed her hair, teasing her nipples though the thin silk. She moaned loudly and pushed her ass hard against my cock. This wasn't going to be easy. I reached into her bag and pulled out her vibrator. It was definitely smaller than me - I understood now how it might offer her a gentler path to glory. I turned it on fairly low and brought it up against one of her nipples.

"Uhhhnnnn...OH GOD!" She screamed. Wow. I set the vibrator aside for now and held both of her breasts completely in my hands, gently massaging both nipples with my fingertips

"OhhhhhOHHHHHH...sweet jesus, I love your hands..." she panted. I brought one hand down and quickly pulled off my shorts and underwear - my cock had been threatening to rip a hole through them. She felt it bobbing around behind her and instinctively pushed herself up against it, moving her ass up and down to massage it. She reached behind and fondled my balls.

"This whole package, it's...a work of art," she cooed. I pulled her gown up over her head and picked up the vibrator again. I brought it up to her breasts but avoided her nipples for the time being, massaging broad circles around them instead. 

"Ahhhhh...Ahiiiiii...Oh Jake..." She reached past my hands and pinched her nipples vigorously, again pushing into my cock. Then she grabbed one of my hands and gently touched the vibrator head to her nipple. She shuddered violently and threw her other hand down to her pussy, rubbing furiously.

"Oh godohgodohgodohgodohGOD!!" She was shaking all over. Still kneading her breast, with my other hand I slowly brought the vibrator up to her pussy lips. As soon as it made contact she pushed her ass back on to my cock with such force that she slammed me into the wall of the shower stall.

"Oh my fucking god Jake. I want to fuck you so bad."

"Not a good idea. You're tender. We don't want you limping back to the site."

"Jake, do you..." She turned around and looked at me. "Do you think you could fuck my ass?" I was surprised at this.

"Won't that just make you even more tender?"

"Ya, I suppose, but..I can handle it. Jed and I used to do it, and I really enjoyed it. Especially if I have a toy handy. You're...um, bigger. Way bigger. But I've been experimenting, and I think I can take it. I want to try." She pulled out a big tube of lube.

"Wow. You really have thought about this."

"I wanted to ask you last night, after you tongued me so deeply..." she sighed as she remembered. "But I'd forgotten to bring the lube.

"Well, if you're sure that's what you want, I would be thrilled to oblige. Please let me know if you feel any pain at all."

"Jake," she said, "A little pain can be a very good thing. Don't worry, I won't let you go too far." She kneeled down and sucked my cock ferociously for a couple of minutes. Then she opened the lube and smeared it all over my head and shaft, and reached round and put it on her ass. She put some on the vibrator and handed it to me. "Start with this," she said, and turned around to lean on the wall. I turned it on and brought it to her anus, gently teasing it for several minutes, pushing just the end in and out, gradually going further and further.

'Ohhhh, yes babe...ahhhhhOHHHHH..." She already had two fingers in her pussy, pulling wantonly. I pushed a little further, till the widest part of the vibrator was into her. Her ass was stretched, but she appeared to be enjoying every bit of it. I turned up the speed. She squealed and begin pushing back and pulling at her nipple with her other hand.

"Oh GODDD!! YESSS. NOW JAKE, I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME RIGHT NOW!!" I pulled the vibrator out of her and put it down on the bench. She immediately picked it up and held it to her pussy lips. I positioned my slippery cock on her ass and started gently pushing. It was hard going, but the lube helped a lot. After a few minutes her anus seemed to have expanded dramatically, and finally my head slipped in. She felt like velvet.

"Anhhhhh, anhhhhh, anhhhhh...GOD you're a monster!...SSSSSO GOOOD...OHHHHH. Natalie pushed back on my cock and it began to slide in further. 

"Oh GOD Jake...I feel you so deep in me..." She pushed even further on to my cock and it felt like heaven. I couldn't believe how much she was taking. Where the hell was it going? Natalie started pumping her ass up and down my cock.

"Oh baby, yeah...give me that giant cock of yours Jake...ohhhhh, fuck me, fuck me..." She turned up the vibrator again and began to push it in and out of her pussy. She was moaning and writhing and pulling at her nipples. I started pumping along with her movement. Unbelievably, my cock was buried nearly all the way in her ass, and she was squeezing it mightily with those powerful ass muscles. I could have come any time, but I was hoping I could wait for Natalie. 

"Ohhhhhhh, baby...Ohhhhhh...OHHHHHHHHHH" She pushed hard and buried my cock, and started shuddering and shaking all over. The vibrator was screaming at top speed, deep in her pussy. I could feel its buzzing through her insides. I exploded in her ass.

"Ohhh yesss...oh my god, Natalie..." I was shaking too. What an amazing feeling. Natalie quivered, standing with my cock still in her ass, for at least another minute.

"Are you alright babe?" I asked finally. "Are you hurting?" 

She turned to me and smiled. "Only in a good way. A VERY good way. You make me so happy every time we fuck." She turned to me and my cock slid out of her ass, dribbling come down both our legs. "Love you, Jake," she said, embracing me and pushing those million-volt nipples into my chest.

It was safe to say that we now both needed a shower. I was careful not to wet my hair, and we shared her beach towel afterwards. Surprisingly, Natalie was no longer walking stooped after that - I guess the two excesses of last night and this afternoon somehow cancelled each other out.

The drive home was uneventful, and as we hugged our good byes in front of Natalie and Jed's place I felt Natalie quickly push something into my back pocket. I didn't have a chance to check it until after we'd arrived home and I went to use the washroom. It was a small piece of paper, on which she had written: Astroglide Premium Silicone Personal Lubricant - the lube we had used. It was a shopping list.