 Sleep was a long way off. I wasn't even remotely tired, and my mind was moving at breakneck speed, digesting the events of the evening. For me, every moment had been erotically charged, and as I played back the conversation in my mind I tried desperately to talk myself down from my absurdly hopeless fantasies. They weren't that easily dismissed. If I'd been alone I would have masturbated just to dispel all the erotic energy, but I couldn't bring myself to do that with Emma beside me, even if she was four snores past Neverland. I started pacing the room. This is my wife's friend, I told myself, an upstanding woman who would probably be utterly scandalized if she knew how I lusted after her. Maybe she does know. I shouldn't have put my arms around her outside - that was going too far. She might have felt my hands shake when I held hers. What if she'd spotted my erection? I thought I'd been pretty careful to keep it concealed, but I couldn't keep my hands on my lap all night. Maybe she was just being nice now to get through the night and she'd tell Jed after we'd left, and never see us again. Or maybe she'd tell Emma over breakfast. By the way, your man's a drooling horndog, best to just dump him.

I couldn't stay in this room. I was going crazy with worry, and Emma's snoring was getting to me. I peeked out into the darkened hallway. All was quiet. I was pretty sure Natalie was asleep. I had no pajamas, but I threw on one of Jed's housecoats Natalie had given me and quietly slipped out the door. It was several sizes too small, but it's not like I was going to the opera. I managed to avoid the creakiest stairs on the way down and made my way back to the living room. The embers were still glowing in the fireplace as I sat down on that delightful couch where I had just spent such a delightful evening with delightful Natalie. This was a better place to decompress, quiet, comfortable, solitary...

"Couldn't sleep either, huh?" I spun around to see Natalie standing in the doorway, holding a steaming cup. Even in her housecoat she looked perfect. I stood up, feeling busted.

"Oh, hi...uh, yeah", I stammered. "Snoresville."

"Yeah, sounds familiar", she nodded. "Want some ginger tea?"

"No, don't fuss for me." I said.

"No no, no problem", she protested. "I made a pot. Need to burn off all that wine somehow." She sounded even tipsier now than before. We walked to the kitchen and she poured me a big mug. "How do you take it?", she asked.

"Just clear is good. This is great. I love ginger."

"There's a bit of lime in it too." She handed me the mug with a dazzling smile.

"Perfect. Man you have great taste." She smiled again and looked hard at me, swaying a bit. I wondered if I'd crossed a line somewhere.

"Jake, tell me what you're thinking", she slurred slightly.

"What, right now?"

"Yeah."

"Well, I'm loving your place, this tea, your company. I guess I'm glad you were still up."

"Yeah. Me too", she said. "Should I, um...should I feel guilty about enjoying your company so much?" I stopped sipping my tea. My heart began to pound. She's figured me out, I thought, and feels bad for being so friendly, unwittingly encouraging me.

"N...no. Why should you...feel guilty?"

"I don't know, but I get that feeling sometimes."

"Have I...done something to, to offend you? Have I been inappropriate? If so please know that I have huge respec-" Natalie put her finger on my lips to silence me. She left it there for several seconds, moving it slightly against my lips in her woozy state. It was a huge turn-on, but at this point I was just terrified of her displeasure.

"No. NO. You are a perfect gentleman, Jake. It's just that...I realized tonight that..." she broke off and walked to the opposite counter. She leaned on it and looked at me for several seconds.

"What did you realize?", I asked, holding my breath. She didn't answer for a while. Then she took a deep breath.

"I realized that I'm...really, really attracted to you." What?? Am I having a wet dream? I can't be hearing this. I held my breath again, wondering what would follow. I wanted her to continue, but it was clear that she was waiting for my reaction.

"Wow, Natalie. Just wow. I gotta say I didn't suspect that at all. Though...I mean, it can't be a complete surprise to you that the feeling is mutual." I felt safe confessing this much, but I still expected her to tell me how nothing could ever happen between us.

"Well, not a complete surprise, no." She smiled slightly and looked down. Then she looked up at me with something like resolve. "Well now that we have all that out on the table, we have to face the facts. We both have spouses and families and whole lives that stand to be ruined by our recklessness." 

"You're right", I sighed. "So..."

"So let's not. Let's not be reckless." Even in her drunken state Natalie was a pillar of wisdom, though part of me wished at the moment that she was just slightly less wise. "Look Jake", she said, almost pleadingly, "if neither of us was married, I don't mind telling you I'd be on you in a flash. You're a major catch, boy. I hope Emma knows how lucky she is." I sighed again and looked down. She came over and pushed my chin up to make me face her. Her eyes narrowed slightly. "What is it?"

"Nothing, I just...jeez, how the hell do you read me so well?"

"Are you and Emma alright?"

"Yes, fine. Well, yes and no. We love each other, but...no, no no. I can't." I looked back at the floor.

"It might help to talk about it, if you want to. It will never leave this room, I promise."

"It'll sound like whining."

"You never whine, Jake. I won't take it that way." I looked at her and then down the dark hall.

"We haven't...we haven't had sex in years. Seven, no, over eight years, even before that it was infrequent. She hasn't had any interest since Richard was born."

"Eight years??", Natalie gasped. "God, you poor thing". She put her arms around me. "Have you, um, had anyone else?", she inquired delicately.

"No. I've been a goddamn hermit. I kept thinking she'd come around, but she never has. Now we just don't ever even mention it." Natalie squeezed me and held her cheek to my chest. I could feel her breasts through the fabric of her housecoat. I tried not to think about it. We stood there in a silent embrace for at least a minute. My damn cock was hard again.

"I...I do know how you feel, Jake. I've never gone eight years - god, you deserve a medal for that - but this neuro condition... it hasn't been good for Jed's libido. I've been a hermit too. For us it's been three years."

"Oh wow. I had no idea."

"Well, I guess men aren't anxious to talk about that kind of thing, even with their friends."

"No, I suppose. Gee, I'm sorry." I held her for a long time, feeling a profound love for her, which seemed to have deepened with all this revelation. Then without thinking I kissed her. On the lips - a long luxurious deep kiss that left no room for misinterpretation. I wasn't sure what I expected to happen, but it somehow felt right, now that we had this bond of forced celibacy. To my delight she responded enthusiastically, and I could feel the huge sexual tension of the past few hours - the past ten years - being released in a delicious explosion of lust. Those pert round lips that screamed sexy without ever trying to be - they had so distracted me during so many conversations, and now as they parted for me and made friends with mine, teased my tongue, brushed slowly along my whiskers, nipped and sucked my bottom lip and emitted the most sensuous whispering sighs, they in every way lived up to the imagined version. As horny as I had been all evening, I found it so satisfying, so erotic, just to finally passionately kiss Natalie's fine, fine lips.

Things progressed pretty fast after that. Since neither of us had expected company, neither of us had taken much time to secure the belts on our housecoats, and it didn't take much movement before both of them hung open. Underneath, Natalie was wearing a rather thin satin gown that left her graceful neck completely exposed and did little to conceal her bulging nipples. A slit up each side showcased her impeccable thighs. I wore only boxers and no shirt, and Natalie's hands began to explore my chest and back. I moved away from her lips and began kissing and lightly biting her neck. God I loved her neck. I'd spent hours - during dinners, parties, movies, at the beach - daydreaming about running my lips along the curve of her neck and collarbone, kissing her hair out of the way, nibbling her ear, nipping at the impeccable skin of those perfect shoulders. I was finally living that dream. She moaned quietly and pressed her crotch into my erection, now free to express itself. I returned the gesture and I began to slip the strap of her gown off her shoulder. Natalie stopped me. 

"No, Jake", she said between gasps. "We have to have some restraint. We can't take my clothes off." Then she continued to grasp my ass and kiss my chest. It seemed a bit of an arbitrary boundary, and I wondered what it meant exactly, but at this point I was way too drunk, stoned and horny to contemplate the morality of it, or the logistics. I began to kiss down the front of her gown and settled on her nipples. They were as hard as steel, and each appeared to be the size of a nickel. My tongue circled them one by one through the sheer fabric.

"Ahhhhh, ohhhoooo..", Natalie moaned, quite loudly. She caught herself, then stood upright and gestured for me to follow her. We went down to her basement into another guest room. She pulled me onto the bed.

"We can make more noise here", she said with a wicked smile. She lay back and I continued exploring her breasts with my tongue. Meanwhile my right hand ventured down to her panties, which proved to be quite wet already. I tried to slip my fingers under her waistband but she slapped my hand away. She was serious about this clothes-on rule. I began to massage her pussy through the thin fabric of her panties. This she permitted, and it drove her wild.

"Ohhhhh, Jake...yahhhh, ohhhhh!!" She started thrusting her pelvis into my hand and mewling like a cat in heat. Her own hand, which had been gingerly massaging my cock through my shorts, trying, I suppose, to avoid direct contact, suddenly got serious and pulled it right out through the front. I guess she decided this was OK as long as I kept my shorts on. It sprung to grateful attention, overdue for some direct action. As she stroked it she looked up at me with a mischievous smile. 

"About time we got formally introduced", she said. "This tall fellow has been standing around all night." So she did notice my erection earlier, I thought. She read my mind. "Oh, yeah, I noticed", she smiled slyly. "Major distraction for the whole night. No big deal. I mean, he'd already brought me to an orgasm, so hey."

"What? What do you mean?" I stared at her though the fog of drunken lust.

"Oh yeah", she said. "Under the table at the market." I looked at her, in utter shock.

"What, you mean you-"

"Yup. You made the earth move", she grinned, enjoying my reaction. I'd been embarrassed, completely mortified, about the state of my cock at the time, thinking she'd end our friendship. And she was getting off on it?? I couldn't believe it.

"Holy shit. God, I wish I'd known that at the time. I was so turned on from the moment you walked in, and then those guys that kind of pushed you into me. All that incidental touching - it was all I could do not to drag you under the table even before the quake."

"Oh god, same here. I guess I didn't want to completely admit it to myself even then, but I'd been lusting after you for...years. And I never get to see you alone. So when we met that day I was tingling all over. When we touched I was breathless, then feeling your bare chest on my boobs, and brushing against your legs, your big dick - oh yeah, I felt it clearly even then. I was practically coming even before you manhandled me and had your way with me under the table. I swear you planned that earthquake."

"Yeah. Nothing but the best for you, babe. Man, I felt like such a teenage moron. I thought you'd hate me."

"God no. I've never come so fast in my life. Or so hard. Soooo hard...Oh Jake, your cock on my pussy..." We'd both been moving our hands faster and both of us had become rather breathless and worked up. I kissed Natalie deeply, then I moved down and began to kiss her legs and her panties. My thumb had been thoroughly massaging her pussy lips and her panties were so wet, and so thin, that I could see every detail of her vaginal area, including her pert little clitoris. I wasn't allowed to remove her panties, but I thought I'd innovate a bit. Still kneading her pussy, I slipped my tongue under her panties from the side and began to gently tease her clit. She groaned loudly and bucked in the air. I took that as an OK and continued to caress her, ever so lightly.

"Ahhhhh, ohhhh, yessss..." She started groaning steadily, panting and grinding her pussy into my hand. Soon she screamed and started writhing from side to side in an explosive orgasm. 

"Oh, god, Jake, yess, yess, ahhhhhhh!! YESSS!! Oh my GOD!! JAKE!!" She was so loud I was thankful that our spouses sleeping two floors up were heavily sedated. Boy, if she'd made that kind of noise at the market I'm pretty sure I would have caught on.

"Oh god, Jake that was fan-fucking-tastic!" she cried breathlessly once her spasms had subsided. "Oh god. Oh god." When she'd caught her breath she got up and directed her full attention to my cock, which was achingly hard. She put just the head in her mouth and vigorously massaged its circumference with her tongue, while she lightly teased up and down the shaft with her fingernails. The effect was incredible, and soon I was fucking her mouth uncontrollably.

"Oh yeah, Natalie.. yeah, ohhhhh..." At one I point realized I was getting carried away and I was concerned I might bruise her tonsils or something. So I gently pulled out of her mouth and again started kissing her. I kissed and nipped up and down her neck and shoulders, eliciting shivers and moans of pleasure. I was aching to taste her nipples, so I decided to push my luck and try the from-the-side cheat here too. When my tongue began snaking under her silky gown she started to pull back, but the moment it met one of her exquisite nipples, all resistance stopped. And oh what flawless gems they were! Huge, firm and deep brown, they wore their nipplehood with unabashed pride. And they really liked to be kissed and licked and suckled - boy did they like it.

"Aiiiii!! Oh GOD Jake! You are so fine... Ahhhhaiiiiii!!" Natalie was squealing with ecstasy, her legs now wrapped around my waist. I teased those puppies till they were red and swollen and my ears began to hurt from Natalie's vocalizations.

I wiggled up and kissed her deeply on the lips again, my rigid cock now directly on her sopping wet panties. With our tongues intertwined, I began to push right against her pussy. She moaned passionately and pushed back against my cock. The big cockhead began to spread her pussy lips wide, through the panty fabric. 

"Ohhh...ohhhhhh..." Natalie was moaning steadily and thrusting back hard. She hooked her legs around mine, just as she'd done under that market table, and used them to pull me even harder. I was dying to reach down and pull the panties out of the way, but I wanted to respect the Natalie's boundaries. My cock felt like so much smooth steel, pushing up against her pussy and her clit. I started hammering, pulling right back and thrusting forcefully into the taut panty net that was halfway into her vagina with all the pressure.

"Ahhh, Ahhh, Ahhh!!" Natalie was screaming and writhing, her strong legs pulling my thighs up, her pelvis, grinding into my cock with every stroke. My right hand cupped one side of her perfect ass, and I could feel every muscle in it tense with each upward movement. Her moaning was starting to crescendo; I could tell she was approaching another climax, and I wasn't far behind. I started hammering as hard as I could, my whole weight behind every thrust. Suddenly I heard a ripping sound, and before I knew what was happening I was inside her right up to the hilt - I had shredded her panties. She felt like heaven, every nerve of my cock was electrified with pleasure. I stopped moving when I realized what had happened, but Natalie kept thrusting.

"The hell with the stupid rules Jake, just FUCK ME!!" Later I would wish I had that very passionate cry as a ring tone on my phone, but at the moment my only thought was to comply with her request. Now unrestrained by any barriers, I pumped her with all the fury of a cyclone, every stroke pulling nearly out, then pounding deep into her and grinding forcefully.

"Oh god, ughhhhh, yesss, yesss, oh fuck me baby, you feel sooooo good in me..." Natalie was writhing and scratching my ass with her fingernails. Her screams were quickly reaching a peak.

"Oh god, Jake, oh god, yessss... OH JAKE, I LOVE YOUUUU!!" With that she left words behind and began shrieking and kicking the air with both legs. She grabbed my ass with surprising force, pushing me into her, and one finger pressed on my anus. That was enough to put me over the edge too and I came inside her with the force of a tidal wave - a wave ten years in the making. I gushed a geyser, each shot of semen perfectly coupled with her own muscular spasm - we were truly in sync. It felt like our shared orgasm lasted minutes, both of us holding the other fiercely and moaning with the passion that can only come after a decade of foreplay. 

When the wave had finally subsided, we lay together holding each other for a long time, my softening cock still inside her. I kissed her deeply again and then got up so we could move to a spot that wasn't completely drenched with our juices. We had to move right to the side of the queen-size bed, such was the depth of our passion. I held her for at least an hour while we bathed in the euphoric post-orgasmic afterglow and talked. Now there was no hesitation, no worrying about being judged or misunderstood. I told her that I'd been deeply in love with her for years, that I adored everything about her mind, her heart and her body, but I had long ago resolved to keep it to myself, to at least preserve our cherished friendship. She said she'd come to more or less the same resolution, though she had privately denied her feelings for much longer.

"Tonight" she said "was inevitable. We are destined to love each other." I knew this was true, but thinking about it confronted us both again with the uncomfortable reality of our circumstances. We were no longer involuntarily celibate, and for either of us it felt so right to have that itch scratched by someone we knew well, loved and trusted. But it wasn't like either of us was locked in a miserable marriage - we both loved our partners and were raising a child with them. This was not going to be easy.