 Two years ago, a woman named Natalie whispered something provocative in my ear. My life hasn't been the same since. 

We, Natalie and I, were sitting at a bar in a $200 dollar a night hotel in Somewhere, USA. Each of I were there alone. I was on business, a charity dinner held by one of America's more influential families. I was the 'face' of my company, there to hand over a large check for the benefit of the companies bottom line. It looks good. 

Natalie, well, I never really found out why she was there. She was sitting two barstools down from me. When I started to study her, she was on her second beer, third shot of whiskey. She hadn't even started to slur her words. 

After I stared at her, for possible more than fifteen minutes, she finally noticed. After downing her fourth shot and finishing off the half empty second beer, she turned to me and smiled. She reached out and patted the stool next to her. I grinned, grabbed my gin and tonic, and sat on her hand. She giggled. We started talking.

Natalie asked me question after question. My name, my age, height, weight. Was I married? Yes. Did I have any children? Two. What were they? Two daughters. How old? 16 and 19. 

The questions went on and on, getting more and more personal. Soon she was asking me about my sexual fantasies. All I could think of was watching two women worshiping my cock, and that's what I told her. She laughed at me, said I was lame. 

"That's not the type of fantasy I meant." She told me.

"Oh, yeah? What exactly did you mean, then?"

"It's more than quantity. It's quality. It's the place you do it, the person you do it with. It's even the hole you stick it in. Like me, for example, my current fantasy is to be raped by two men in a gas station restroom." She smiled at me, waiting for me to respond. I raised my eyebrows, not really shocked by the fantasy, but more by the ease with which she shared it with me. 

Eventually, we were going back and forth, sharing thoughts and fantasies. I didn't know how she was feeling, but my cock was stiff in my suit pants. Just as I was getting uncomfortable, she leaned over and put her lips to my ear. I shivered, and she whispered, "I have an idea."

She grabbed me by the hand and led me to the elevator in the hotel hall. The door slid open and we stepped inside. She let go of my hand and selected floor five. Neither one of us spoke while the elevator moved, but when it stopped, Natalie turned to me and asked if I'd ever thought about cheating. 

My heart was pounding, but every other part of me was saying yes. So I told her I'd thought about it. That's when she asked me whether I'd ever thought of screwing my daughter. I was shocked, for a moment, and almost turned away. But my throbbing dick made me answer her. 

I told her the truth. I thought about fucking my plump nineteen year old daughter almost everyday for the last two years. Natalie wanted to know where. 

"What?"

"Where do you want to fuck her?" She said. 

"Where place? Or where hole?" I asked, a little confused.

"Why not tell me both?" She grinned, and I noticed we had stopped walking and were standing in front of door number 517. She swiped the electronic key and the lock clicked. The door swung open. It closed behind us, and Natalie flopped down on the double bed. "Well?" 

She was waiting for me to speak. I spoke.

"I caught her in her room naked once. She had left her door open. She didn't know I was home. She had a plastic cock in her mouth. I couldn't look at her for days, not without getting hard." 

Natalie smiled at me. It was a knowing smile. She said, "My father wanted to fuck me when I was still living at home. I never gave him any. But I saw the way he looked at me every night."

I didn't know what to say. She reached her hand out to me, and pulled me down to the bed next to her. She took my belt into her hand and undid it. Then she was there, her hand on my cock, rubbing it, up and down. My mind went blank. "Tell me, what's your daughter's name?" 

"Deanna."

"Does she have nice tits?"

"Fabulous."

"Are they big like mine?"

"Yes."

I was breathless, my words were coming out whispers. She worked my cock out of it's binding, and stroked it like a pro. 

"Natalie?" I whispered.

"Yes?"

"How old are you?"

"Twenty-two."

She was younger than I'd thought. She was so close to my daughters age. I almost burst just thinking about it. Natalie was staring into my eyes. 

"What are you thinking?" 

"You're very young."

"Pretend I'm Deanna. Where do you want me?" 

"What?"

"Where do you want me Daddy? Where is the first place you want to fuck your Deanna?" Natalie hand slowed on my cock, and her eyes were issuing their own challenge. She wanted to play, she wanted to get fucked. Right now, I was the man for the job. 

"I want you bent over the night stand, over by the window."

Natalie grinned. And got naked. Her body was glowing, and I could see wetness running down her smooth legs. Her breasts were beautiful, released from the tight clothes she'd been wearing. Her stomach was round, but not large. I wanted her.

"Bend over for Daddy."

She giggled, put her stomach on the night stand and pressed her hands and forehead against the window. She was looking out on the street while I pressed my fingers into her soaking pussy and covered them in her juices. I ran them around her tiny asshole, wetting the skin around it. Then I lubed up my fingers again, and penetrated her ass. She cried out, and I thought maybe I'd gone too hard, too fast. But she sighed and wiggled her ass against me, and I knew she wanted more. 

I finger fucked her ass hard until her ass was dripping with her own juice. Then I pushed the head of my cock on her hole. She giggled and turned her head to look at me. "Fuck me, Daddy. Fuck me hard."

The edge I'd been teetering on toppled away, and before I knew what I was doing, I was ramming this stranger's ass, and I was loving it. My wife would have never let me near her asshole, and I'd always wanted to. This woman, no, this twenty-two year old girl, was letting me use her, and she wanted me to pretend she was my daughter. 

I watched, almost detached, as my cock rammed hard in and out of her ass. She was squealing her pleasure, her hand was slapping the window. I reached my hands around and grabbed hold of her tits. Soft and firm, I moaned as I squeezed them hard and pounded her from behind. I could feel the waves of orgasm starting, and I rammed my cock to the hilt into her ass as I released my first load. 

She was panting, and moaned when I pulled out. "Are you going to spank me now, Daddy?" She asked. Her face was flushed, and she pouted when she spoke. I told her to stay put, and walked to the wardrobe on the opposite side of the room. My naked cock was softening as it bounced loose, I was bent on getting as much out of this night as I could. 

In the wardrobe there were three clothes bags. I searched each of them, and in the last one, I found a rubber dildo and a large curling iron. I went to the bathroom and washed them both. Natalie waited by the window with her ass in the air. I walked over to her and told her to spread her legs wider. She complied, and I used the curling iron to penetrate her dripping vagina. She practically screamed her pleasure, wiggling her hips for more. 

"Daddy's got another for you, baby." I whispered, my mouth hovering over her ear. I blew on her neck, and she giggled. "Beg for it, baby."

She whimpered, this girl I barely knew, whined and wiggled her luscious ass. "Please."

"Please what, baby?" I was loving this. She was playing her game, I was playing mine. 

"Give it to me, Daddy, please, give it to me." She sighed these words as I ran my tongue around her ear, finally dipping it in, teasing her with my moist caress. I put the head of the dildo on her asshole, slowly pushing it in. She was panting with pleasure, as my tongue ran from her ear to the base of her neck where it met the shoulder. 

"Stand up, baby." I whispered. She shook her head no. "What?"

"You didn't say please, Daddy." She teased.

I put my mouth back to her ear and said in normal tones, "I'm not gonna say please."

"No?"

"Nope."

"Then I'm not standing."

I stood up and walked over the the foot of my bed, were my belt lay abandoned on the floor. I picked it up and returned to her side. I folded it in half, raised my arm over her, and let it fall hard across her back. She cried out. I asked her to stand again. She shook her head. I let the belt hit her back again. 

I took her chin in my hand and held it tight, making her look at me. "Are you going to stand up?"

"Not until you say please."

Crack! "Stand." Crack! "The fuck." Crack! "Up!"

She stood. 

"Walk over to the bed."

She walked.

"Lay down."

She laid.

Her breasts were exposed to me, and I couldn't resist them. I dropped the belt and stood over her on the bed. I leaned down, took one of her breasts in my mouth and suckled hard. I forgot myself. I moaned and pulled at her nipple with my teeth. She was cursing, calling out to me in short incomplete sentences.

"Oh, yes!"

"Oh, daddy! Fuck yes!"

"You like that, daddy?"

"Suck it."

"Uh, fuck!"

"God!"

I sucked her tits like a starving man. She raked her fingernails into my neck, across my back. I fingered her clit, listening to her screams. My cock was growing hard again, as I started to slap her tits. My hand came down on her sensitive nipples, slapped the skin around. I did it harder and harder, until my palms stung. Her breasts where flushed, but she was grinning. The little slut was loving it.

Natalie looked at my cock. "You're hard again." She observed. 

I nodded. Pulling the curling iron out of her pussy, I studied her face. She was staring at my cock and licking her lips. 

"You want to suck it, baby?"

She nodded. "Sit down, Daddy." I sat, and she lowered herself to the floor at my feet. Her wet, eager mouth pulled at my hot cock. She spit on me and ran her hand fast up and down the shaft, lowering her mouth to my balls. I was moaning, my hands pulling at her hair. She ran her tongue up and down my dick, swirling it around the balls, then up again. She was driving me mad. I just wanted to pound her pussy, and I told her so.

She looked me in the eye and gave my cock one last, hard suck. I winced and groaned, then pulled her up by her tits. She giggled, turned around and teased my dick with her dildo stuffed ass. I put my hands on her hips and walked her back over to the night stand in front of the window. I sat sideways on the stand. Anyone who might be watching would see everything. My stiff cock, her bouncing tits and dripping pussy.

She straddled me, covering my dick slowly. She reached her hand around and pulled the rubber dildo in and out of her asshole. She moaned and ground against me. As she moved fasted, her breathe became ragged, her cries became louder. 

"Oh, yes, that's it! God, it's so good! Daddy! Oh, Daddy, your cock feels so nice in my pussy. Do you like it? Oh, fuck!" 

I felt her come against me, her body seizing. She shook, and was silent as she rode my cock through the last waves of her orgasm. She fell panting against me. I rapped my arms around her and held her sweat soaked body to me. 

I reached around to pulled the rubber dildo out of her, but she stopped me. 

"Let's take a shower." She said. 

"Okay, but," I paused, "You want to leave that in you?"

"For now. I want to stay loose for my next pounding."

I laughed, and followed her to the shower.