 We had an interesting lunch. Both of us were pretty charged up, and we sat in the back of a little Italian bistro. I was glad for the stereotypical long red-checked table cloths on our table. The other patrons couldn't see my fingers playing with her pussy all through lunch. I did get Natalie close to an orgasm a couple times, but I backed off, wanting to keep the tension.

Natalie groaned with disgust when I took my hand away just before desert arrived. She begged me to finish, but I steadfastly refused. "Uh, uh, uh...I want you good and horny."

"But I NEED to cum," she whispered hoarsely in my ear. She pulled up her legs and sat on her ankles—indian-style. Forgoing caution, she shoved one hand under her skirt to push her panties aside and the other she licked to get some lubrication on them and started attacking her clit. It only took a couple seconds and she was rocking back and forth and her face was contorted into her beautiful orgasm face. She managed to stay silent, but a couple of blue-haired women across the room shot us a disapproving glance.

"Ooh, much better," she said as her cheesecake arrived and she rearranged her skirt.

Back at the hotel, Natalie had ordered more groceries before we left, so the room was cleaned and fully stocked when we arrived back with our purchases. She stuck her bags in the hall closet with an admonishment to not touch or peek at them. "I want them to be a surprise." She smiled at me.

I stuffed my purchases into a bureau drawer, and then a thought struck me. Who's first?

It was a bit warm in the room, so I turned down the A/C and dropped my shirt on the bed before going back to the other room.

"So Natalie, how do we decide whose fantasy is first?" I asked her.

"I thought I would go first. If that's okay with you."

"Nah, I thought maybe we could play for it. Do you happen to have a deck of cards?"

"That's not a bad idea. I have just the thing." She walked over to the closet where all her bags were stored and rummaged around until she came out with a new deck of cards, which she tossed to me.

Opening up the cards, I had to stop and smile at her. She had bought cards with naked women on the back—some with two women sucking and licking each other. "Cards with lesbians? Is there something you're not telling me?"

"Well, I did experiment a little in college. Who didn't? I just saw the cards and had to have them."

My mind was racing with a picture of her head full of honey-colored hair buried in some other co-ed's crotch. It was a nice picture. She must have known what I was thinking because she just giggled at me.

"I want to go for a swim while the sun is still high in the sky. Are you up for a swim?" She said as she casually stripped off her clothes and headed for the bedroom. I guess the lunch had backfired on me. I was getting my strength back after the blowjob in the car, and she was feeling quite satisfied having just finished herself off before desert.

I reluctantly agreed. No sense in pushing her to fuck more now. We would have plenty of time, and it turned out this trip to the pool would be the best thing that happened to us on this trip.

She returned a moment later with a tube of sun block and a bikini balled up in her hand. "Will you put this on my back?"

She turned around and lifted her hair out of the way for me. With the sun lighting her naked body from behind, it was a beautiful sight. There she was, with her feet planted a little more than shoulder width apart. This was the perfect position for me to study her, and I didn't let the opportunity pass me by. Starting at her cute, little size 5 feet with red painted toenails, my eyes drifted up past her slender ankles and up to her well-muscled, shapely calves. Natalie isn't muscled in a freaky way, but she has impressive muscle tone all over that is the perfect complement to her petite frame. Her curved thighs end at her firm, round buttocks. My eyes continued up her back, noticing how her back muscles make the indentation of her spine stand out and how her thin waist is a perfect complement to her pronounced hips.

I approached her, running my fingers along where her shoulders meet to form her cute little neck. When I got up directly behind her, I rested my chin lightly on the top of her head and ran my hands down her sides to grab the sun block she was holding against her stomach with her right hand. Gently cupping her left breast and squeezing her nipple, I leaned down to kiss her neck and whispered, "Are you sure you want to go swimming? I have a few other ideas."

She shied away from me and spun around to playfully smack me on the arm. "Down boy! I want to savor this lingering 'I've been fucked' feeling in my ass for a while longer. It's kind of nice." She reached behind her and wiggled her ass a little.

"Well then, I'll make it my goal to make sure you keep that 'just fucked' feeling."

"After swimming. Now, put that sun block on me—I don't want to burn."

I started rubbing the sun block on her right foot and worked my way up her leg. My hands lingered on her ass and she got plenty of sunscreen on her pussy, but she didn't seem to mind too much.

I went to grab my suit, and when I turned around, she had put on a bright red bikini with a string top and boy-shorts bottom. She spun around to show it off.

"What do you think? This suit is new."

"I like. Those shorts really hug your ass." I walked over and gave her ass a squeeze before we left for the pool.

At the pool, there was just one other person—a woman with olive skin and bleached blonde hair was lying on her stomach on the far side of the pool reading a book. She was wearing a floral print string bottom and her top had been untied. It was quite a sight, and even Natalie noticed her, muttering "nice" under her breath before jumping into the pool.

I jumped in after her, and what we did was less swimming and more just fooling around. This hotel pool was outside the view of the guest rooms, and with our only audience facing away from us, we felt free to play. Before long, I had Natalie trapped against the side of the pool and pushed her top up to grab and kiss her breasts.

A few strokes of dry humping and she pulled my cock out of my swim trunks and stroked it under the water. I noticed the woman who had been lying down was sitting up and watching us with her bikini top still untied but held on with her forearm. The first thing that struck me when I looked at her was her bright blue eyes framed by hair dropping just below her chin and a dark complexion that didn't seem to match either the hair or the eyes.

"We have an audience," I whispered to Natalie, pulling her top back over her breasts. She turned around, but she didn't stop stroking my cock.

"Hi," the woman said. "You two look like you're having fun." She spoke with a slight Italian accent.

"Sorry," Natalie said. "I guess we got a little carried away."

"Don't be sorry. My name is Nerina, by the way."

"Nice to meet you Nerina, I'm Natalie, and this is Nick. That's an interesting name. Italian?"

Our conversation went on for a while. About halfway through, Natalie jumped out of the pool, but she had kept stroking my cock, so I couldn't jump out of the pool right away. The thin fabric wouldn't be able to hold back my raging hard-on. Natalie helped Nerina re-apply her sun block. I don't know if I was imagining things, but I could have sworn Natalie was enjoying it—and so was Nerina.

We learned Nerina was a college exchange student. Her sponsor family had gone to Mexico for vacation, and she decided not to leave the country to avoid risking being stopped trying to re-enter on her student visa. She was staying here as a sort of mini-vacation for the next week.

Nerina had a dinner date, so she begged off before too long, but not before she exchanged phone numbers with Natalie.

In the elevator on the way back to Natalie's room, there was an older couple who looked like they had just left Sunday dinner. Natalie stood with her back to me and reached up my swim suit to jerk me off. I didn't know what to do except stand as normally as possible, but how do you stand normally when you're getting a handjob in an elevator? Natalie was getting pretty bold. I wondered what else was going on in that pretty little head.

The couple never noticed what Natalie was doing, but I did have to carry my towel in front of me when we got off the elevator.

Back in the room, she pulled out the cards and started shuffling. "Game is strip poker—5 card stud."

"This is going to be a short game, but let's at least even the odds." I untied her top and threw it on the floor.

"Do you think you're ready for what I have in mind?" She asked as she dealt.

"Only one way to find out. Two cards." She had dealt me utter crap. 3, 4, 5, 8, 10—different suits.

I ended up drawing a 2 and a 9, and she ended up with two pair, sixes and nines.

"You're mine until this time tomorrow." She said. 

I didn't think the deal was for 24 hours at a time, but what the hell? Live a little. "Alright, what do you want me to do?"

"First, lose the shorts, no clothes allowed in this room. Second, we're shaving your cock, balls, and asshole clean."

Okay, that one caught me off guard. "Asshole? What for?"

"So the cock I bought to fuck you with slides in easier." She said this in such a matter-of-fact manner, I've got to admit, she had me pretty apprehensive at this point.

She picked up some towels to lay on the floor, told me to sit and then disappeared into the bathroom and reappeared a couple minutes later with her razor, shave cream, and the ice bucket full of water.

She knelt down in front of me and started spreading the shaving cream all over my pelvis, cock, balls, and asshole. I had been watching her, but she suddenly stood up, stripped off the rest of her bikini, kicked me in the chest just hard enough to force me to lie down.

"This will be more fun," she said, kneeling down on my arms and pushing her crotch into my face. 

Your run-of-the-mill sixty-nine usually doesn't involve a razor, but what the hell, it was still good fun. You can't help but have fun with your tongue shoved in a bald, dripping wet, and very tasty pussy. I even snuck a finger into her ass for a while. I lost myself in her pussy and almost forgot she was shaving my balls as I stretched my tongue to reach further into her pussy.

She rinsed and toweled me off so she could check out her work with her tongue. Starting at my cock, she worked her way down the shaft to suck my balls into her mouth one at a time. "Hmm, I like this." She said. Her tongue wandered down to the space between my sack and asshole, licking repeatedly between the two while she stroked my cock. When she started in on my asshole, I almost lost it. I'd never had anyone lick my ass.

She suctioned her lips onto my asshole and started pushing her tongue in. I nearly lost it right then, but she pulled back quickly.

"You're not allowed to cum yet. I need you good and hard."

"Nice," she said as she stood up to admire her shave job.

Natalie left my lying there and went into the other room, returning with something I couldn't identify immediately. It looked like some kind of rigging.

"Help me with this. It needs to go under the mattress."

After she spread it out, I understood what it was. It had four straps, joined with a metal ring in the middle. When placed under the mattress, the other end of each strap could be secured around an ankle or wrist, tying someone down quite effectively. Better than handcuffs or rope anyway, since there was nothing to tie them to.

I'd never been tied down before, but that was obviously what Natalie had in mind. She told me to lie down and tied my wrists to the top straps. In retrospect, maybe allowing myself to be tied down just one day after first fucking her, but in the heat of the moment, you don't think about that.

"I'm hungry, but before dinner, I want to feel you come in my pussy. Can you handle that?"

"I am at your mercy."

We were both pretty hot already after the shaving and my first rim job, so she didn't waste any time mounting me and sliding my cock deep inside her. She rode me hard from the start, bucking wildly with her hair flapping wildly and her small breasts bouncing. I couldn't move much, but I did thrust my hips up to meet her. I'm surprised we both weren't very bruised after this violent fuck.

The extra friction of her bald pussy lips rubbing my newly shaved pelvis was amazing. At first, it hurt a little, but she soon reached down and spread her lips to allow her clit to rub directly on my pelvis. Her juices spread between us and she slid easily forward and back on my pelvis.

She pushed herself down on me harder to put more pressure on her clit, and force my cock deeper in her.

I couldn't take it anymore and exploded into her pussy while she continued to ride me hard. When she felt me come, she paused briefly to feel my cum hit her insides. 

I usually went soft quickly, so this was a bit of a shock to me, but she kept riding me for a couple more minutes until she collapsed on my chest, shaking with the remnants of an orgasm.

She smiled down at me. "That was fun, and the evening hasn't even started yet."

The late-afternoon sun was still streaming in the window. She went to the kitchen to find some food. I was left tied to the bed to wonder what was next. I was loving every minute of it, but this was far more sex than I was used to in an entire week, let alone less than 24 hours.