 Natasha had been waiting all day for the pleasure she thought she'd be receiving. It had been three long hard nights without Erik, but tonight she had thought would be a treat. He told her he would come. 

She'd met him quite by accident at a nightclub. He had said he thought she was someone else when he grabbed her out of nowhere and kissed her senseless. They went home together that night, and for the past month her sex life had gone from non-existent (recently) to unbelievable. 

Erik took her breath away. At 6'3, with an athletic build, black hair and green eyes, he was a sight to behold. His huge cock only enhanced his looks. That mouth of his could drive her insane and his intense "come hither" look drove her nuts. His intense sex drive matched her own.

Erik always got to her apartment after midnight, but it was already three in the morning and she was tired of waiting. With it raining as hard as it was, she could understand a little delay, but not this long. Pent up anger and sexual energy were riding strong in her tonight. She knew that without him the only way she could release it all was if she used her vibrator, and that was a paltry comparison to the ecstasy she got with Erik. Maybe a hot shower would do her well.

Slipping into the steamy water, Natasha let it cascade over her beautiful 5'6 frame. With peaches n' cream skin, almond shaped violet eyes, and rosy pouty lips, she knew she could get what she wanted from someone else. Still, Natasha couldn't ignore the delicious feeling she got just thinking about the ecstasy only he could give her. Throwing her waist-length raven black bouncy head of hair under the showerhead, she let the water stream down her back to slide its way down her body into crevices and down luscious curves. Soaping up her hands and putting them on her round perky c-cup breasts, she massaged and squeezed them, wishing her hands to be his. Sliding her hands down to her dark smoothly trimmed curls; she stroked her clit and labia clean. 

Grabbing the showerhead and moving it between her legs she let the water's tiny fingers pulse against her clit as she leaned against the wall to hold her up against the pleasure. 

Realizing this was getting her nowhere but in more need, she decided to wash up and get out. Once clean, she wiped the excess water from her body and reached over to massage some scented body oil into her soft skin.

Taking a hot shower hadn't helped her relax as much as she thought it would. Slipping into her soft terry cloth robe, and padding softly to her TV stand, Natasha turned on the TV and pushed play on her VCR. The last tape she'd put in there had been the tape she'd made with her kinky sorority sisters in college. Though thoughts of her and Erik's last encounter were hot enough to get her off, she didn't want to think of him tonight. Anger and Lust were no fun when alone. She lit some candles and placed them on her dresser. Walking back to her bed, and picking up the vibrator from the nightstand, Natasha crawled into bed and sat back on the pillows. Lesbian fun would have to do tonight. Spreading her legs wide and opening the robe to expose her warm clean pussy, she turned the vibrator on to full power and stroked lightly over her now swollen clit. 

Mandy, her little sorority sister had been "initiated" the night in the tape into the fold. She had said she wanted to experiment, but she didn't know how to go about it. They thought they'd teach her the ropes, so she'd never forget. The girls had tied her to one of the houses massive four poster beds. Mandy, a beautiful petite 5'1 blond was writhing and moaning in bed as Lisa, another sister (an amazon, about 5'10 with green eyes and auburn hair), lapped at her juices roughly and slowly against her clit. Anna, our "ritual advisor" was fucking Lisa with a dildo, all the while shoving a 10 inch vibrator up her sopping cunt. Natasha had been the cameraman.

Seeing everything all over again was making Natasha think of the last time the girls had tied her down to fuck her. She'd tasted and been tasted by the best pussy on campus. Dipping the vibrator slowly into her moist pussy, Natasha began to slowly tease herself, penetrating little by little. Inch by slow inch. She couldn't wait to ram it in there, but she knew a quick climax wouldn't suffice. Lighting struck near by and she opened her glazed eyes just in time to see the lights go out as one of the girls was climaxing on screen. Knowing she couldn't take holding out any longer, Natasha shoved the giant vibrator into her tight wet pussy, and ground her hips into it hard and fast. 

Feeling as if someone was looking at her, Natasha opened her eyes to find a dark shadow in her doorway. Shocked, frightened and a bit embarrassed, she called out, "Erik?" 

Oh, God. Her climax was so close. It had to be Erik. She closed her eyes momentarily, knowing she could come at any second. The next thing she knew, a hard body pressed against her, a hand was trying to remove the vibrator from her grasp, and she had a hand over her mouth to muffle the scream. 

Fighting against the hard body lying on top of her, Natasha began to whimper in earnest. Fear and pleasure were a potent but deadly mix.

"You didn't wait, princess. What did I tell you about disobeying me?" 

Natasha's heart beat wildly against her chest. She was relieved it was Erik, but angry at his actions. 

Slowly moving the vibrator in and out of her still throbbing cunt, and releasing her mouth slowly, he decided to see what the hellion had to say.

"Let go of me. You've been replaced." She said daringly.

"You're forgetting who's in control of my, ahem "replacement" now, aren't you?"

Realizing he was in control of the vibrator, Natasha tried to scoot away from him.

"No, Princess." He said. He knew she was in a huff, but he had made her wait to see if she was loyal and willing. She hadn't gone out so he knew she was a good girl.

"You're late. And I need it. So if you'd leave I'd appreciate it. Hand that back to me too. " She said as she tried shoving him off of her, all the while trying to snatching the vibrator from his grasp.

"I don't think so princess." He said as he grabbed her wrists, tore the vibrator from her grasp and flung it onto the nightstand.

"You-" She never got to finish.

He silenced her with a hard kiss, slammed her onto the bed, and grabbing one of the velvet ropes on the nightstand, tied her wrists to the headboard. He then tore the robe open and started rubbing one of his hands between her nest of curls, while he thrust two of his fingers in and out simultaneously. He scraped his nails down her back, just how she liked, and raked his teeth against the sensitive area of her collarbone. She didn’t fight long before giving in.

Moaning in submission, she released herself from her bonds, and began participating. Rubbing her hands over his hard erection, producing a groan from him, she undid his belt and pants. Knowing he didn't wear underwear, she grasped his erection by the head, making sure to wait for the pop he liked so much, and started massaging back and forth as he rubbed her clit mercilessly. Loudly, she moaned, “Now, Eric. Now! I need you inside me, now Eric.” 

With her other hand, she reached below his penis to his tight sack, and began rubbing the sensitive area adjacent to it. Groaning in frustration, and lust Eric flipped her on to her stomach. Lifting her ass in the air, he began to spank her hard. Natasha moaned loudly. She licked her fingertips and pushing his hand deeper into her pussy, rubbed her hand hard against her throbbing clit to beat furiously at it.

Eric looked at the moaning woman grinding down on his cum-soaked fingers. Removing them quickly from her moist snatch, with one sharp move Eric imbedded himself in her moistness and started pounding furiously, all the while never taking both his hands off her body. 

Natasha felt his hot dick penetrate her pussy and yelled out in unbelievable pleasure. He bit the back of her neck and she couldn’t control the moans she released with it. This was too good, too fucking good. She could feel her climax building rapidly. She tried moving against him, but he wouldn't let her.

“Erik, I need you now!"

He stayed embedded in her and only pulsed inside to slowly rub against her g-spot. “What did I tell you about giving me orders?” he asked her in mock anger. “Didn’t I tell you that-“ Smack! “I wouldn’t like it?” 

Natasha began to whimper in bittersweet ecstasy, from the hard slap he gave her ass. Smack! “Didn’t I also say, that if you didn’t listen that I’d leave you-“ 

“No Eric!”

“Or punish you?” Smack! Natasha began sobbing now in a mix of heightened pleasure and pain. He held on to her waist so as not to let her move them. He just kept pulsing against her spot and spanking her alternatively. She was extremely turned on now. Eric felt her juices run down his cock and balls, pooling into the sheets. She was tight, so unbelievably tight. Smack!

“Please Erik, punish me. Just don't stop.”

“Like this?” He said, as he slowly pulled out only to push in slowly inch by blessed inch of his big throbbing phallus. Pinching her extended nipples roughly with one hand and beating furiously at her clit with his other, he could feel Natasha's climax coming to its peak. Realizing the torture was building her climax to unparalleled levels Eric could barely restrain himself any longer. Releasing his hold on aching clit, Erik grasped her hips and began pounding into her mercilessly, faster and faster, harder and deeper. 

Natasha gave back as good as she got, but her climax was coming faster and faster. “Now! Now! Eric, Now! Fuck, yes! Yes! Eric, now!" His dick was slamming into her pussy so hard the friction against her g-spot was so intense she couldn't hold out any longer.

Natasha pushed back as her climax hit her harder than ever before. Erik's climax hit him then too and he drained his balls of all the pent up cum he'd been holding back. "Ah, fuck yeah!"

His juices shot inside of her, then dripped down to pool on the bed sheets beneath them. Erik continued slowly penetrating until he knew that neither he, or Natasha could take anymore of the exquisite pleasure. 

Slipping out of her sopping wet hole, Erik wiped the remnants of their cum from his dick onto the sheets. Pulling her back against him, Erik moved Natasha's tangled mass of raven locks from her shoulder to expose the sensitive area of her neck and collarbone. He scraped his teeth against her, putting delicious chills down her spine, and producing a soft moan. He gave her a teasing bite and released her once more. 

"Did you learn your lesson?" He asked as he got off of the bed to put his pants on.

"Fuck you, Erik." She replied as she turned around to face him. Spreading her legs wide to give him a better view she slowly rubbed her hand down her body to her swollen pussy. Putting one of her fingers to her still wet cunt she dipped it in and raised her wet finger to her lips to taste their salty cum.

Getting off the bed, he threw his pants on and grabbed his shoes. 

"Where are you going?" She asked angrily. "You aren't done satisfying me yet."

"I'll be back soon enough. And here. See if this replaces me until I come back. Don’t move from the bed," he said, grabbing the vibrator on the nightstand he threw it to her. Natasha caught it and quirked an eyebrow at him. 

"And if I do?"

"You'll see. I'll be back in an hour. Don't move." He said, as he opened the door and walked out.

Natasha lay in bed with a big smile on her face. Grabbing the vibrator and turning it on, she put it to her lips and wet it a bit. If he thought she was going to wait around for him, he was wrong. If he wanted to play rough, she was more than willing. But on her terms. Smiling wickedly, she decided it was time to teach him a lesson of his own. 

She thought of her sorority sisters and smiled wickedly. That would be a welcome treat and quite a "punishment" for him. 

Once again, turning on the vibrator and dipping it into her pussy, she lay back and thought of the surprise she had in store for him. But first... 

To Be Continued...