 Natasha

There was always something about a good night out that really made my adrenaline rush. The whole process from having a long bubble bath to blasting music whilst getting ready with your best friends and then finally piling into a taxi to the club at 11pm after finishing copious amounts of home made cocktails and bottles of wine. There was just something you couldn't beat about a decent girls night out. 

There was a new club opening in town and myself and my two best girlfriends had decided that we would book a VIP booth for us. Knowing this town the line to get in would be horrendous which is why booking the booth was a brilliant option because two words; queue jump. It was only February, so it was pretty chilly outside and in our opinion there was nothing worse than a jacket over a slinky sparkly dress. Also, I'd decided for the first time I'd wear something other than black and I didn't actually have a jacket that would go with the teal sequin figure fitting dress. It fell to about mid thigh but the neck was high. Amber, who has been my best friend since we were in nursery school, had always said you either go with cleavage or leg but never both. Saying that though, she'd broken her 'rule' many times. 

"So, Tasha." Amber flicked her silver blonde hair over her tanned shoulder as she leant forward to pick up her wine glass filled with red wine. "I bet you fifty pounds that Elle over there leaves with a guy two hours in." 

I laughed as I looked over at Elle, the frown on her pixie like face was almost cute. It was true though, it always happened. She always caught the eye of the biggest looking guy in the club. If he couldn't easily bench press her over his head then she wasn't interested. She also regularly picked up guys from her local gym, which had gotten her a reputation but she just didn't care. I had met Elle in college four years ago in our ancient history lecture and we'd just hit it off. She was a tiny but powerful little goth girl and she hadn't changed much in those years. She still had the same blunt black bob haircut with straight bangs. She had on a pair of black leather shorts and a black sequin vest. Apparently sequins were a theme tonight. 

"I can't help it," Elle lifted her black platform stiletto clad foot, inspecting her new shoes and then leant forward pouring three shots of Tequila. "I have a sickness for big hot guys." 

"You don't have to explain yourself." I gave her a wink and took the shot from her. "But Amber, I give it one hour." 

Amber raised her shot glass and Elle flipped us both off as we toasted our little glasses and licked the salt off of our hands before downing the shots and then sucking on the slices of lemon. It was nearing eleven and Amber had booked the taxi that would be here in around ten minutes time. We quickly drained the rest of our drinks and got our things together. I grabbed my matching teal clutch bag and stood up feeling the buzz of the tequila slammer I'd just had and walked over to the mirror a little wobbly in my black heels. I checked on my make up quickly touching up my dark red lipstick and ran a hand through my sleek straight dark brown hair. 

Amber's phone pinged, signalling that our taxi was outside and we all left her house. I quickly made sure I had my house keys, phone and money then followed the girls out of the door. We all piled into the back seat much to the pervert drivers disappointment and chatted the usual crap as we made our way to the club. The club was called Temptation, something we'd all laughed about when it had been revealed on Facebook and Instagram a few weeks before because it sounded like a strip club. Of course it wasn't but it still made us laugh, regardless. 

As we pulled up outside of the club we thanked our lucky stars we'd paid for the VIP package as the line was a lot longer than we'd suspected. We got out of the taxi and walked to the large bouncer on the door. I was hoping my brother, Ronson would be on the doors tonight but apparently not. Elle flashed him a flirtatious smile which he returned, his eyes dropping down momentarily to her chest. He grabbed his clipboard as she told him her surname that the reservation was under and he unclipped the velvet rope and let us straight in. We didn't have to pay the door price and we went straight up the stairs to the VIP booth area. It was up on a balcony overlooking the large dance floor below. We had been given wrist bands so we could go back and forth between the VIP and regular dance area. 

The three of us took to our small booth and Amber popped the cork on the bottle of champagne, pouring each of us a glass. Not being much of a champagne drinker I quickly downed the glass with a grimace and then walked myself over to the bar ordering a random vodka cocktail. The girl behind the VIP bar gave me a smile as she went to work on my drink. I paid the girl as she place the blue coloured drink on the bar in front of me. I took it and made my way back to the table. 

An hour later we were all on the main dance floor dancing our asses off. Much as we'd anticipated, Elle had a rather buff looking guy attached to her backside grinding away. I gave Amber a pointed look and she laughed leaning over to me and shouting into my ear over the music.

"It's been an hour and she hasn't left yet!" She had a point. I was about to be fifty quid out of pocket at this rate. 

"Guys, I'm going to head out." Elle's voice cut into our conversation and I grinned triumphantly at Amber who rolled her eyes and shoved the money into my hand. Nicely done.

I watched Elle saunter her little behind out of the club, the huge guy holding onto her hand as she went and couldn't help but envy my little friend's confidence when it came to the opposite sex. The amount of time's we'd all gone out together and I ended up being the person going home alone. Of course I'd always told them it was alright to leave me to get in the taxi on my own. Our nights always ended up with those two pulling and me getting the taxi driver to stop off at the McDonald's drive through. I'd go back to my small studio flat, sit in my bed eating double cheese burgers and then pass out, alone. Always alone. 

It wasn't like I was inexperienced or anything, I mean I've had boyfriends before and the occasional one night stand but I just didn't like that life. It was always awkward in the morning. Either I'd be quickly getting dressed and getting the hell out of there or coming up with some excuse to get them out. The worst part of it all was that the guy would always want to grab breakfast, only to go and then never call. I didn't care, I had my own life to think about. I'm in my final year of uni and with that and my job at the local paper I really didn't have the time for a bloke. I really wanted a cat and I wouldn't have time for that either, can you guess what I'm more upset about? Yes, the cat.

Sometimes you just had to put things into perspective, because life doesn't give you hand outs. You have to go out and get what you want and right now my degree comes before anything else. Amber always tells me that I'm becoming miserable because of my lack of a man in my life. Unlike Elle, Amber is a hopeless romantic and that is why she's always heartbroken. For a start she picks up her 'boyfriends' while we're all drunk and they're drunk in clubs and bars. Not that you can't find decent guys here but she doesn't really go for decent guys. Like for instance this dude she knows at her work is majorly into her but of course she doesn't see it, no matter how many times we tell her. 

"I think I might call it a night." I call out to her over the music. I'd stopped drinking and my buzz was starting to turn into a headache. "I'm hungry and I want my bed." 

Amber rolled her eyes at me decided she'd come with me anyway as, her words, there was no decent cock out tonight anyway. We decided to stop off at the late night burger place that was still open and actually had passable food. It wasn't too busy because the clubs hadn't let out yet and that was when the place really became a nightmare. I ordered myself cheese fries and double cheese burger along with a cherry coke making a mental note to double my time on the cross trainer at the gym on Monday. 

We sat down at our usual table and ate in silence, too busy stuffing our faces to bother to converse with one another. Amber was half way through her chicken burger, leisurely people watching when she grinned and her green eyes widening as she looked at me. I raised an eyebrow at her and took a drink of my coke washing down my mouthful of delicious burger.

"What has got your attention?" I asked deadpan because I already knew it would have something to do with a man. "Or should I say who, slut." 

"Not my attention," She wiggled her eyebrows. "There's a guy over in that corner to the left and he keeps looking at you." 

I frowned at her and stretched out my arms turning my head to left in a bid to see who this dude was that had apparently been looking at me. The whole thing would have looked so inconspicuous if Amber wasn't so obviously staring at him too. True to her word, a table of three guys sat to the left of the room in the corner. One of them, at that moment turned and his eyes locked with mine. He smiled sheepishly, obviously being caught and if I wasn't mistaken even blushed slightly. 

His hair was a brown, like a milk chocolate brown colour. Shaved close on the sides but a mass of straight hair on the top that he'd styled to kind of slick back but there was so much of it that it kept falling into his deep brown eyes that were framed by a pair of thick rimmed glasses. His smile though, it was so gorgeous with perfectly straight teeth and full lips. His shirt a dark navy with some kind of white pattern on it which I couldn't make out from where I was sitting and black jeans. Some kind of boots on his feet hid under the table. I quickly looked away and blinked at my best friend. 

"Natasha," She breathed at me and I could smell the alcohol and tomato ketchup on her breath. Not the best of scents but it wasn't gross. "If you don't talk to that guy I'll never speak to you again." 

"Yeah, right." I chuckled shaking my head and picking up my drink. "Look at me. I look like a whore and he looks like a hipster version of an Adonis I'm not talking to him!" 

"You do know that since we walked in he's been checking you out right?" She harshly whispered at me. "You look like you've been on a night out, like everyone else does in here." 

I shook my head, too self conscious to believe what she was saying. I'd felt amazing when I got dressed earlier but suddenly I felt the dress that earlier clung to each curve in the most sexy way now dug into everywhere it could and was much too short. I wished I'd had brought a jacket with me now, even though I'd had nothing to go with this. I rubbed my arms as I wrapped them around myself and Amber's expression turned soft as she sighed. 

"I don't get how you don't see what we all see." She reached over and rubbed my arm. "But just trust me, you'll regret not giving him your number."

Dylan

The pub had been a complete waste of time. People kept kicking off with each other and they ran out of my favourite beer within an hour. I could have been at home binge watching It's Always Sunny but oh well. Lewis, my best friend had called me insisting that we go out around lunch time as I had two days off work and so did he. I'd kind of wanted to stay in and chill but he was adamant on going to the new club, Temptation but as we saw the line to get in we thought fuck that and went to our usual pub. I was secretly grateful because I hated dance music and I had two left feet. Dancing was always a no go unless I was completely out of my face. 

Johnny, also my best friend had come by after his shift at work and necked down a pint of lager so fast I didn't even get a chance to say hello to him before he ventured off to the bar to get an actual round in. When he came back with Carlsberg and told me that the Blue Moon was gone I just knew the night was a bust from there. I had a couple more pints before my stomach grumbled and I realised I actually hadn't eaten yet today and we all decided that we needed food. The burger place wasn't too busy with it only being half one so I ordered my usual cheese burger and a bottle of Blue Moon, because this place is awesome and sat down with my friends. 

"I never get bored of these kebabs," Johnny said before taking a huge bite of the meat in the pitta bread. I smiled at him as I got to work on demolishing my burger. "Oh my god, look at that blonde." 

It wasn't the blonde that I noticed though, sure she was pretty and everything but the brunette turned from the counter with bag of food and smiled at the blonde who had already sat down. She had on one of those sparkly dresses that people seem to wear all the time but it really looked good on her. It was super short showcasing those long as hell tanned legs. On one arm a half sleeve of different kinds of flowers leaked over onto her collar bone, that collar bone.. 

Yes, I have a thing for collar bones on women! I don't know what it is about them but they just kind of get me going. I tried not to keep looking at her but it was like my eyes had a mind of their own. Lewis smirked at me but said nothing as he drank his drink. Then she turned and our eyes met, damn those fucking eyes. I felt my skin heat up from being caught which was totally not cool but oh well. She looked at me for while and then looked away before hugging herself and I felt like a complete idiot. She most probably thought I was a total creep. 

"Shit, they're leaving!" Johnny said getting up. "I'm getting blondies number!" And with that he was out of the door. 

"For fuck sake," Lewis sighed. "We should probably go after him before he gets his arse kicked by two women, again." 

We both stood up, grabbing our jackets and left the restaurant, me grabbing my fries because I hadn't finished them yet. As we walked outside we noticed Johnny talking to the girls. The blonde one had her arms crossed against her chest but her head was tilted to one side and she was smiling at him. The beautiful one was looking at him with a raised eyebrow and grin as she watched my best friend try and fail to flirt with her friend. As we got closer blondie turned to us and pointed at Johnny. 

"Is this yours?" She asked and Lewis laughed at Johnny's insulted expression. "Sorry, honey but you're just not my type." 

"I don't care," Johnny regained his composure like a champ and looked at the brunette. I felt my hands clench into fists but before I could say anything she just silently shook her head at him. "Whatever, guys I'm off." 

And with that he was gone. I'm not gonna lie about Johnny he's a cool dude and everything but when it comes to women he was a major turd. Total man whore but when he doesn't get his way he throws a fit and leaves, just like he's doing now. Lewis stepped in, being the people person he is and apologised on behalf of our friend.

"I'm really sorry about him." He slicked a hand through his blonde hair and flashed a smile at them. "I'm Lewis and this is Dylan." 

The blonde girl looked him up and down with a small smile and I knew what was happening and apparently so did the beautiful brunette who shook her head but smiled regardless. She looked at me but I couldn't think of anything to do but shrug my shoulders and offer my hand out for her to shake, which she did.

"I am Amber, and this is my best friend Natasha." The blonde one smiled and took Lewis' arm walking ahead making small talk. 

"Are you cold?" I asked Natasha, noticing the goosebumps on her arms. I handed her my hoodie that I hadn't put on yet and she gratefully took it from me putting it on. The thing buried her but she looked cute as fuck. 

"Thank you." She gave me a shy smile and hugged herself as we trailed behind our friends. "Your friend there isn't a dickhead is he?" She asked. "Because Amber is my best friend and I think she may like him but she doesn't mess around like that, I don't want her to get hurt." 

"Lew is a decent lad." I said, which was true. "The guy to stay away from would be the one that just walked away." 

Natasha nodded her head and ran her hand through her long dark hair. I didn't have a clue where we were going as we were following the two in front of us. As we turned the corner I realised we were heading towards the club. I heard Natasha groan and looked at her as she gave me an apologetic smile as her best friend walked directly over to the bouncer, completely skipping the already long line. 

"Amber, do we have to go back in?" Natasha asked her friend who turned to us and gave us a smile. "We already left once, what makes you think they'll let us back in." 

"Ronson is on the door now." Amber said pointing the huge slab of muscle standing on the door, clipboard in hand. "He'll let us in, no questions asked."

Amber walked over to the big guy and his face brightened in recognition. He pulled her into a friendly hug lifting her off the ground, making her laugh at him. He turned to Natasha who gave him a hug too. He didn't lift her though because she threatened to kill him if he did. He just laughed at her and then his eye's fell on me and looked me up and down. I wasn't an idiot, I knew when a person was checking me out, male or female.

"Amber, Tasha! Where's Elle tonight?" He asked, his eyes scanning the four of us. "You're a little late there's only 2 hours left." 

"We were here earlier but Elle left and this one wanted to get food." Amber pointed to Natasha who grinned at him. "Your sister can't half put it away." 

"Always been the same and she hardly gains weight, the bitch." The dude who was obviously this beautiful girls brother said. "Who is the arm candy?" He asked his sister. 

"His name is Dylan." She said. "And you have no chance, see you at Mums on Wednesday." 

With that he let us into the club and I turned to Natasha who was trying not to laugh at my puzzled expression. As we walked down the stairs into the main room of the club she filled me in on how Ronson was her older brother by 2 years making him 26, the same age as me. He was a personal trainer but worked security sometimes if the firm needed him and with tonight being a grand opening night they obviously needed the extra staff. 

Amber and Lewis spent the next two hours dancing on a platform looking ridiculous where as Natasha and myself found a small booth table in the corner and chatted, as well as we could over the music. I noticed Natasha wasn't drinking and I'd stuck to beer and drinking it slowly not wanting to get wasted and make a fool of myself around her while she was obviously sober. The time seemed to pass so quickly because before we knew it the music had stopped and the main lights had turned on. 

Amber and Lewis came walking over looking like sweaty drunken messes. We all walked outside to where a line of taxi's were waiting to pick up and overcharge the drunk people who'd just exited the club, which is why I'll be walking home. I'm not paying over £20 for what would be a ten minute walk, no thanks mate. Natasha pulled her phone out of the small bag she was holding and started to text someone, part of me was wondering who hoping to hell it wasn't some boyfriend. 

"Amber!" She called over to her friend who was in deep conversation with mine. "I've text Ronson, he'll give us a lift home." 

Amber gave Natasha a quick nod and turned back to Lewis continuing their conversation. I watched him as he pulled his phone from his pocket, unlocked it and handed it over to Amber, getting her phone number and she did the same to him. This kind of stuff seemed so easy for them but I couldn't find the confidence to ask Natasha for hers. I'd never been the most confident guy in the world and when it came to beautiful women my inner dork came out. I was surprised I'd managed to have a conversation with her in the club but something about the atmosphere in there made it so much easier and now we were outside with crowds of people rushing around us, trying to haggle taxi prices, which by the way will never happen, it seemed so much more harder to do. 
