 Natasha was cross. Her supposed trip of a life time to the reputedly sunny and friendly USA was not working out how she planned. She had certainly not been told that snow was likely in New York state's Catskill mountains- in June!- nor that the boss of the law firm where she had secured a job and whose house she had to live in would hardly utter a word to her.

In fact the first week since leaving the obscure eastern European country where she had been brought up- and learned fluent English by spending most of her study time watching movies on her computer- had been awful. 

The cold overcast mountain weather had turned to snow that morning and she had brought no clothes suitable for such weather. Her boss, Mr Wilkins as she was expected to call him, told her it was time to drive to work and started walking down the snow covered driveway a few steps ahead of Natasha, who only had flimsy shoes which were quite unsuitable for walking in that weather. 

Suddenly she felt an urge to yell something really rude at him. The worst he could do was fire her and throw her out of his house leaving her penniless and homeless and possibly visaless in a strange land. Instead she picked up a big pile of snow rolled it into a ball and was going to throw it a tree to relieve her frustration when Mr Wilkins turned around and snapped "Hurry up, Natasha". Whether or not deliberately she was not quite sure, but the direction of her arm changed and the snowball was suddenly directed to Mr Wilkins and hit him full in the face. 

"What!", he exclaimed. He bent down rolled a bigger pile of snow and hurled it back at Natasha, hitting her just above her right breast and leaving a big slightly transparent mark on her white blouse. Many more were thrown in the next few minutes. Natasha having fun for the first time since she had arrived in America. She might have enjoyed it even more had she been better clad, but her flimsy blouse and cotton skirt were soon becoming soaked, She could feel the cold gather all over her body, the sensation was particularly in her nipples which were becoming very hard. That was not going to stop her pelting Mr Wilkins. She was giving him the pounding his rudeness deserved. There was also something rather attractive about him, despite his great age- he was at least 35- that made playing with him even or enjoyable. 

What she had not expected after her next throw hit him in the face again, was for him to run up to her and grab her. And then to put a handful of snow down the back of her blouse and rub it into her. This was cruel, or at least it would have been if Natasha had not become aware of a slight throbbing between her legs. That however was not going to stop her giving this man what he deserved. Despite only being 5 foot 5 inches tall, Natasha was deceptively strong and managed to wrest herself free of Mr Wilkins' grasp picked up more snow rubbed it hard into his neck and watched him squirm as the melt trickled down into his shirt. In the course of grabbing him she had noticed what seem suspiciously like a hard penis rubbing against her just above her crotch. 

For a moment Natasha's thoughts dwelled on how she had not had a man inside her for nine months and how much she missed making love. There had seemed no sign of that changing in America so far. The only good thing had been that here at least she had her own bedroom, rather than the cramped dorm room at home, and could at least use her own fingers to relieve her frustrations most nights. That thought though was not going to distract from the need to stand up to this man. 

They started trying to force snow into each other's clothing. Mr Wilkins' hands went down the front of Natasha's blouse rubbing snow shamelessly over her breasts firstly through her bra and then inside it. She did the same into his shirt through his coat and jacket, grabbing the knot of his tie forcing it down, ripping a button off his shirt in the process- serve him right if it was ruined- feeling his hairy chest as she rubbed the snow over it. 

They toppled together to the ground. Natasha decided she was really going to make him suffer and put snow where she thought no man would ever want it. A big handful was thrust into his trousers, where she immediately encountered his swollen, and alarmingly large, penis. She could feel the heat it was giving off as she clamped a pile of snow next to it. "That should cool you down", she said. After all why should she be giving this man the pleasure he was surely getting from that erection. She tried to put aside the fact that her clitoris was in much the same tumescent state, and there was a throbbing inside her that could very easily have been satisfied by Mr Robert's erect penis. The snow though did not seem to have the desired effect on him. If anything his penis hardened still further.

Natasha realised that Mr Wilkins was also grabbing snow and that he was pushing up her skirt. He ran the snow along the inside of her thighs- she really should have worn tights- the feeling of cold was strange but not wholly unwelcome. Surely this man, her employer and host, would not violate her by putting the snow any higher, though she rather wanted him to. Her throbbing clitoris yearned for some pressure. 

Natasha was not to be kept waiting for long for that contact. Pinned down by Mr Wilkins he grabbed some more snow and this time went straight up between her legs and thumped it hard against her crotch. The blow itself, almost hard enough to hurt, was something of a shock, and then gradually she felt the cold seeping through her panties as the snow began to melt, the icy water combining with her own warm juices to create a most curious, but rather enjoyable, sensation around her vagina. 

This had gone far enough. "Right," she said sternly to Mr Wilkins, "I am going inside to clean up". "Not yet," he replied. She then realised that he was pulling down her sodden panties, "You are really going to suffer now, Girl". Another pile of snow was placed against her bare, and hairless slit- if only she had not removed her pubic hair last night there would have been a bit of protection from that- suddenly she felt the snow against her clit. The sensation was like none she had every experienced before, a combination of near orgasmic pleasure and agonising cold. 

Mr Wilkins did not stop there either. She felt his hands separate her labia, surprisingly gently considering the fight they had had before and then force compacted snow right inside her. Its hardness felt a tiny bit like a penis- something she had distant but lovely memories of being inside her. By accident or design Mr Wilkins had managed to make the shape and size roughly right, but the temperature was of course completely different to the feeling having a man in there had given Natasha. It produced a jarring sensation through her g-spot as it was thrust into her. Her internal muscles tried to tighten on it as they would on a cock harder than they would on her own fingers. 

Her feelings for Mr Wilkins, like the snow inside her, were beginning to melt. Despite his great age he was quite good looking and there had been a surprising gentleness to the way he had fought with her, particularly in the last few minutes. There was also a rather warm glint in his eye. He took his hands out from her panties leaving the snow inside her, stood up and lifted her in one swift movement, leaving the snow inside her, saying as he carried her towards the house, "I know what you need right now, Natasha," leaving her wondering whether it was a bath and change of clothing or love making he was going to subject her to. She was not sure which she needed most right now, but doubted she would be able to resist him giving her either.....

To be continued...perhaps... 