 I was at grad school studying law and doing fairly well for myself. Over the winter break I'd received a full-time employment offer from a highly sought after law firm and I could see a path to a respectable living and maybe even some comfort. One of the interesting things about my school was that they let undergraduates take some of the lower level classes to encourage them to apply to the grad school and shave off some of the time and expense required to graduate. I'd decided to fill out my legal knowledge by back tracking into IP law and in that way I had gotten to know Nathalie. 

The first time we met, I was seated behind her in a large auditorium. She slunk in, took her place at the middle of the classroom, brought out her notebook and pencil, and then started reading what appeared to be a book of literature in French. Not the typical behavior for a Junior or Senior to say the least. She seemed completely uninterested in the people around her and absorbed in her reading material - which had to be more interesting than the class were we taking. I knew there and then that I had to get to know this adorable creature. Fortunately, I had taken a French Lit class during my undergraduate years and had a pretty good understanding of the basics. So I took the chance to interrupt the young ladies to discuss the finer points of the author she was reading. At first, Nathalie was annoyed but then she saw me for a fellow traveler and started an animated discussion which was cut short by the arriving professor. At the end of the class, I asked if she was free for a coffee which fortunately she said she was.

She was French and had come to study in the states to get a broader perspective on the world and to escape the stifling world she had come from. From what I could piece together, Nathalie was from a well-known and very wealthy industrialist family. She was expected to marry someone similarly well-bred and continue the family tradition. Except, she was Nathalie - anything but conventional - quirky, humor off the wall, strange dress sense, and certainly not about to become "Mrs" anyone. Did I mention she was cute? Medium height, lithe, small breasts with a bit of a droop, perfect tight butt, flat round face, small upturned nose, and dark brown hair and eyes. I just loved to check her out - in the most unobtrusive way of course. 

She wore form hugging leggings and top that left little to the imagination. Fortunately since she wasn't well endowed or many curves she got away with no bra and a thong and didn't look like a tramp. The colors were so distracting that I doubt many people saw through to her beauty like I did. We hit it off right away. I loved her soft French accent, her devil may care attitude, and her sense of fun. It was fun to get out of the bubble of the serious lawyer to be crowd. Nathalie wasn't studying to become a lawyer, she'd just promised her father to take classes in business, law and finance to make sure she could take over the family business someday if needed be. Her two older brothers were already working their ways up the firm and there was little need for Nathalie's business acumen at least at the moment.

When it was time for my next class I had to beg off and ask for her number. Nathalie gave it to me and suggest that we meet up at the end of the week when mid-terms were over. A week later I reached out to Nathalie and she suggested dinner at her place. I had to say I was somewhat surprised she would go to the effort but then guessed as much that Nathalie was not one to easily pigeon hole in terms of her behavior. 

Nathalie was living in student housing in a large dorm near campus. She shared it with three other women but all of them were away for the weekend. So she had the kitchen all to herself. When I knocked on the door, Nathalie opened it wearing some sort of comfortable velour top and bottom, and her hair braided into two pigtails down either side of her face. The smell of something delicious escaped out into the hallway. "Quick" she said, "get inside before the whole hallway smells my cooking and wants a bite. These people are like vultures around here - it's as if they've never had a good meal in their lives. But come to think of it that may be the case for some of them!" I did I was told and she led me into the small kitchen/dining area. In the oven was probably the first soufflé that it had even had inside of it. Vegetables were being lightly sautéed on the stove top, a table had been set for two complete with table cloth, nice china, and two wine glasses. Cooling in a bucket nearby was what looked like a bottle of wine, probably French. I hadn't expected to be treated to such an effort. Perhaps Nathalie liked me more than I thought. 

We chatted idly about class, some mutual acquaintances, and plans upon graduation. I was asked to open the bottle of Sancerre which I did to her evident satisfaction. Then we sat down to the main affair. The food was delicious and I told her some numerous times. The soufflé was just perfect and it paired wonderfully with the rest of the meal and the wine. Being a bit of a lightweight I was half way to being drunk after my first glass. 

This is when Nathalie got to talking about a book she'd been reading lately: "I've been reading this book about decisive turning points in people's lives, you know, go left or right and your future will be entirely different. It's an anthology of stories of regular people and the choices that they have made or were made for them that broadly decided the rest of their lives. It's fascinating and I've got to thinking that it's not a bad thing to do in this day and age. Instead of endlessly keeping your options open and not committing to any one thing. Do you think that approach makes anyone happy?" 

I concurred that I doubt it did. 

"So" she said, "I have a proposal for you. You have to promise me in advance that anything I ask of you, you have to do. All I can tell you know is that it will be life changing." 

I asked if it was illegal, dangerous, would hurt anyone or get me in jail - I was studying to be a lawyer after all and could hardly afford a criminal record. 

"No, no, nothing like that" she confirmed. 

So I simply said that I'd go along with the proposal. 

"Great! Come with me" Nathalie said and led me towards what I presumed to be her bedroom. I followed along as fast as my somewhat slightly drunk legs could carry me. 

Her room was also quite different from the typical dorm-room. There were no cheap posters of Hollywood stars or musician icons. Everything was elegant, sparse, clean and expensive looking. It was Nathalie's little piece of heaven, her place to hide away and relax. I felt honored to being let into this inner sanctum - still having no idea what was coming. Nathalie sat on the bed and then reached down to the hem of her velour top and pulled it cat-like over her head exposing her perfectly formed breasts and slim physique. I was in awe. Then she smiled at me and seductively pulled down her bottoms in a mock striptease. Only her perfectly tight bottom was exposed as she looked over her shoulder. My cock sprung to attention while the rest of my body just stood there dumfounded by the turn of events. She kept slowly peeling the bottoms off until she was completely naked. Only a small tuft of public hair was visible over her pink pussy lips. 

"Looks like you're over-dressed" she seductively licked her lips. I took the hint and stripped down and moved onto the bed, naked as the day I had been born. 

"Now lie down while I whisper the proposal in your ear." I lay down and she slowly slithered over my body to position her mouth over my right ear. 

"This is my proposal, it's pretty simple actually, you put a baby in my womb." There was more rubbing of her erect nipples over my chest, and her pubic hair grazed my erect cock numerous times. I could hardly think straight being drunk with wine and with lust. When I didn't say anything Nathalie simply took that as permission and opened her legs slightly, grabbed by cock, pointed it at her entrance and slowly impaled herself on my member. The feeling was indescribable. Then she pushed up on my chest and started riding me for her pleasure. 

Before too long the pleasure and taboo of the situation got the better of both of us and we simultaneously orgasmed and I filled her pussy with the pent up sperm of many months. Then Nathalie dismounted and lay down beside me while we looked at each other in amazement and a little bit of embarrassment. 

"What are you thinking? she asked. 

"I'm thinking this is just so crazy, here I am with a beautify, smart, wonderful woman who I have only known for a week and met twice and I may have just made her pregnant" I replied. 

"How does that make you feel?" she asked. 

"Scary good. Liberating. Wondering where things go from here" I replied.

"I won't hold you to anything, it's my decision, you can have as much or as little responsibility for this child as you want" she stated.

"What if I want more? To get date, live together, get married maybe?" I asked.

"That would be nice, you're definitely going to be living with me, or me with you, think that having sex once is going to get me pregnant? Married I'm not so sure ... we can take it a step at a time" she laughed.

"Well shall we go again then" I said.

"I thought you would never ask" she smiled.

We're not exactly sure when Nathalie conceived. It could well have been that first time in her dorm-room. But almost nine months to the day, baby Colette came into our lives as cute and irrepressible as her month. Trust Nathalie to upend the traditional order of things. I'm still trying to get her to marry me, some day perhaps.