 Their relationship to this point had been nothing more than friends. She told him everything that was going on in her life, and he listened even though he may not have really wanted to hear it. He had been attracted to her from the first time they met at a party. Sure they flirted on occasion but it never got any further than that.

They decided they were going to go hang out one day, and hit a nature trail for a walk. It was a nice enough day and they both thought they could use the exercise and fresh air. As they arrived, they noticed a few clouds in the air, but didn't think anything of it.

As luck would have it, at the furthest point of the nature trail, the winds began to pick up and more clouds started to roll in. They decided they'd turn back before it got any worse. Before they knew it, the sky opened up and it began to rain very hard. They reached an area of heavy tree cover, and decided to try and wait it out. They were still getting wet, but it was nowhere near as bad as other areas on the trail.

They couldn't help but laugh and their "bright" idea of getting back to nature. He was laughing so hard, he wound up falling back against a tree. Where he discovered it was pretty dry.

"Come over here, we won't get wet if we're against this tree!" he said to her. 

"Sure it's not, you just want to take advantage of me out here in the rain," she joked.

"Ok, but seriously," he smiled. "I'm not getting hit by any rain, and if I do anything you don't want me to do, you can hit me, ok?"

"It's a deal, cuz this rain is really pissing me off right now!"

She walked over to the tree and stood next to him. It wasn't exactly what he was hoping for in the back of his head, but it'd do for now. She stood against him, leaning her head on his shoulder. He just leaned his head over hers.

They talked about some obscure subject when a loud clap of thunder startled both of them. She jumped over to him, and wrapped her arms around his neck with a tight grip.

"I hate thunder!" she exclaimed, and buried her head into his chest.

"It'll be ok, I'm here to protect you," he said softly in her ear as he hugged her.

"I hope so," she said back to him, as she looked up.

They locked eyes for a few seconds, which seemed like hours. He leaned forward and kissed her on the forehead. As he backed away, she grabbed his face with her hands, and pulled his mouth to hers. They kissed each other softly at first, not sure what the other one was going to do. 

"You have no idea how long ...," he started to tell her.

"Just shut up and kiss me again!" she interrupted.

He placed one hand behind her head and pulled her to him. This time their kiss was much more intense. Their tongues intertwined with each other as their hands rubbed each others' bodies. Their breathing got heavier and heavier as time went on.

He broke of their kiss by pulling her hair, tilting her head back to expose her neck. He kissed her neck, and then began to suck and bite it which caused her to start moaning lightly. With one hand having a firm grip of her hair, he moved his other hand down to her firm ass and pulled her to him. She could feel his cock stiffening against her.

"What are the odds of someone else being stuck out here with us?" she panted.

"I would think we're the only idiots out here right now," he answered back, as he moved to the other side of her neck.

"Good answer," she responded back as she moved her hands down to his shorts. She pulled at the elastic waistband and slipped a hand down his shorts. She began to slowly stroke his now fully erect cock. He quickly pulled away and looked around to see if there WAS anyone nearby!

"Are you sure?" he asked her.

"This is as good a place as any! I've been thinking about this, too, you know! And one of my fantasies is to have sex during a rainstorm, anyhow! I can't think of anyone else I'd rather be with right now, than you!" she told him.

No sooner did she finish her proclamation to him, that she pulled his shorts down exposing his throbbing cock to the rain. She bent over and began to kiss and lick the head of his cock. She moved down one side of the shaft, and back up the other side with her tongue while massaging his shaved balls with her hand. Then she slowly started to take him into her mouth. As she moved her head back and forth, she'd take more and more into her warm mouth.

As she continued her oral talents on him, he pulled her shirt up so he could unhook her bra. Once it was undone, and almost on cue, she squatted down in front of him, allowing him to remove her shirt. She sucked on his cock as he massaged her breasts and pinched her hardened nipples. 

"You keep this up, you're gonna make me cum in about 30 seconds," he told her.

"I know," she said as she backed away from him momentarily. "But don't think we're done here yet! I just want you to cum in my mouth first!"

It didn't take the 30 seconds he mentioned before he started shooting his load into her mouth. She swallowed every drop as it came out, massaging the sensitive head with her tongue. It took him a minute to gather his senses from what was probably the best blowjob he ever had.

"How was that, baby?" she asked, as she slowly stood up.

He quickly puller her to him and kissed her. He could still taste his cum in her mouth but he didn't care. He kissed her deep as his hands now moved to her shorts and pulled them down. He turned her slightly sideways, as she stepped out of her shorts, and began to suck on her hard nipples. He moved one hand down to her wet pussy and the other to her ass.

As he moved his mouth from one nipple to the other, his fingers started to massage her pussy from the front and back. With his left hand reaching from behind, he slipped his middle finger into her pussy while his right hand started to rub her swollen clit. He hit a spot that pleased her, as her body shuddered for a moment.

"You liked that, huh?" he asked.

"What do you think?" she giggled.

"Then you're gonna LOVE this!" he told her. 

He spotted a log about 10 feet from where they were and led her to it. He took his shirt off and spread it on the log, then placed her shirt on top of his. There was just enough length for her to lie down on the two shirts. 

Without another word, he moved down and grabbed the backs of her legs with his hands. He spread her legs, pushing on the back of her knees. He knelt there for a moment, admiring her entire body. He watched her as she started rubbing her own pussy with her hand.

"Oh, no you don't, that's for my mouth right now!" he told her.

He began licking her pussy slowly and lightly, first in an up and down motion, then side to side. He then started on small circles moving to bigger ones, eventually changing directions. She loved every move that he was making. He kept his eyes open watching her reaction to each touch and motion. She opened her eyes when she could feel him flatten his tongue out and stroke her entire pussy from bottom to top. The stared into each other's eyes as he began to flick her clit, then lightly suck on it.

He then started to lick her pussy with more pressure. She moaned with pleasure. He could feel her juices starting to flow and he lapped up as much as he could. He loved the taste of her. When he started to fuck her pussy with his tongue, she flinched and grabbed the back of his head with her hands. She pulled his mouth tightly against her, savoring every feeling. Her body started to shake. He had a little trouble keeping her balanced on the log, but he didn't want to stop. He wanted her to orgasm. 

"Oh my God, keep going, keep going. You're going to make me cum!" she cried out!

His tongue was getting a little tired, but he didn't dare stop! A few more pumps of his tongue and she came! He could feel her legs tighten up, like the rest of her body. She pulled harder on the back of his head almost to where he couldn't breathe! But this was about her, and that's all he was concentrating on! Her entire body spasmed, as she reached climax after climax. When her grip lessened, he slowed his tongue to light flicks on her swollen clit.

As he backed away from her, he stared at her sweaty body. Her breathing was heavy and her eyes looked glazed over with delight. 

"How was that?" he asked her, with a sheepish grin on his face.

"I'll show you how that was," she said.

She slowly sat up catching her breath. She started working on his cock again with her hands. It didn't take long for him to get completely hard, as he was already worked up from licking her. She began stroking him faster and faster, while licking and sucking on his balls. Just as he started to moan with pleasure, she stood up and turned around.

"I want you to fuck me from behind," she said to him as she lifted one leg onto the log, and bent over.

He wasted no time moving behind her. He easily slipped onto her hot pussy. There was no gentleness in his motions. She wouldn't want it any other way, at this point. He grabbed a hold of her hips for leverage and began fucking her with all he had. For every stroke he had, she backed into him wanting him as deep as he could get in her pussy. 

"Fuck me, goddamn it! I want to cum all over your cock," she grunted as she frantically rubbed her clit. 

"You like getting fucked from behind, don't you..." he said back to her. 

"Uh huh," was all she could reply. 

"How you like this, then..." as he stopped for a moment. He pulled himself partially out and spread her ass cheeks with his hands. He built up some spit and let it fall from his mouth to her asshole. As he started fucking her again, he moved his left thumb and rubbed around her anus in a circle, slowly adding pressure. Once she reacted to him, he pushed his thumb into her ass.

She gasped at first, but didn't protest. He slowly pushed more and more of his thumb in. Neither one said anything to the other, but he could tell she liked the feeling as she rubbed her clit faster and faster.

"Oh God, I'm gonna cum again! I'm cumming all over your cock," she screamed out. He fucked her harder and harder. "Fuck me in the ass with your cock!" she demanded!

He quickly pulled his thumb out of her ass, and replaced it with his cock. It was so tight, he almost came with one stroke. But he was able to hold off. As her sphincters got used to the size of his cock, he quickened his pace.

"Your ass is so tight, I'm not gonna last long," he told her.

Without saying a word, she moved away from him and took a hold of his cock. She squatted down in front of him and began sucking his cock, bobbing her head up and down. She stroked the shaft of his cock and grabbed his balls with the other hand.

"I'm cumming, baby. I'm cumming again for you," he said.

She backed away so she could look up at his face. He looked down as she aimed his cock at tits. He shot his load all over her chest and neck, all while she stared into his eyes. When he finished, he took her hands and pulled her up to him. They kissed each other lightly. He then realized that it had stopped raining.

"Shit, how long have we been out here in the rain?" he asked her.

"Who cares; we had fun and that's all that matters," she answered back. They both laughed and gathered their wet clothes to get dressed, for all that mattered.

"I'm definitely checking the weather channel for the next rain storm. We'll be going for another walk," she said.

"I'm definitely there!"