 It was an early September afternoon. The sky was cloudless, and it was still quite warm. I had traveled to a nearby state park for a hike in the woods. It looked like a beautiful day to enjoy nature.

As I walked through the woods on a well-traveled trail, I felt relaxed. I absorbed the fresh smell of the woods and the peaceful sound of birds in the trees. The leaves had not started to change color yet, and the varying shades of green made me feel part of the living forest.

I knew these woods well, having grown up very close to the park. I spent a lot of time here, exploring and hiking. As I continued down the beaten path that thousands of tourists trampled every year, I found what I was looking for. Between the trees and through the brush was a faint path most people wouldn't notice. It was little more that a deer trail, but I had walked along it many times.

I hiked along this path for quite some time, over hills, through valleys, across streams. I wound my way through the brush, remembering which way to turn at each fork. Finally, I reached my destination.

In the clearing I had entered, I heard the gentle flow of the water over smooth stones. Across the stream, a huge tree had fallen many years ago, forming a natural bridge. The tree trunk was at least six foot in diameter, and bald of its bark. The exposed wood was bleached blond by the sun.

I climbed on top of the tree trunk and walked halfway across its span. I looked down and saw where I had carved my initials as a boy. Sitting on the dead tree I scanned my surroundings. No cars or buses, no buildings, highways or mini malls. No people. Just pure, unadulterated nature.

"Are you going to be there long, because you're in my way," said a voice from behind, startling me.

I spun around, looking for the source of the voice. I couldn't find it at first.

"I said, are you going to be long, because you're in my way," a woman's voice repeated. 

I spotted her. At the edge of the clearing, she sat beneath a tree. I could see she was wearing a short yellow cotton summer dress. Her reddish brown hair was pulled pulled back in a pony tail. I jumped down from the tree and walked towards her. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't realize..." I started.

"It's just that I'm drawing that dead tree, and you're blocking my view," she explained.

She did, in fact, have a tablet of paper propped up on her knees. Her tan legs were slightly parted and I could see a bit of her white panties sticking out. 

"Do you mind if I take a look?" I asked.

"No, not at all," she said.

I walked around behind her and stood over her looking down. She was working on a charcoal sketch of the fallen tree and the stream below. It was really quite good. From my vantage point I could also see directly down her dress. Her shapely breasts looked just a bit big on her slender frame. They were as tan as her legs, and quite perky, even without the benefit of a bra.

"Wow, that's really beautiful," I remarked. "I'd pay good money for that."

She looked up at me. "Really?" she asked. "You think it's good?"

"Absolutely. I've been coming here for a long time. This is my favorite place in the world. I come here for a little peace and tranquility."

"I like it here, too," she said. "It's so calming. I can't stand living in the city. "

I took a seat in front of her, where I could see her panties peaking at me. "What else do you have in there?" I asked.

She shrugged and handed me her tablet. "Oh, not much. Just a few sketches."

I paged through her drawings, admiring her work. She worked in several different media; pen, pencil, charcoal. All her drawings were nature scenes. There were trees, flowers, animals, leaves, all of them very good. She was really quite talented.

As I looked at page after page of nature drawings, I ran across something unexpected. There were several pages of nudes. They weren't just nudes; they were erotic nudes, almost pornographic. Men and women's bodies entwined together in passion. After closely examining them, I handed her book back to her.

"Those are fantastic," I told her. "You really have an eye for nature."

She smiled and glanced down. "Thank you."

"I was serious. I'd really like to buy your drawing of that old dead tree," I said.

She looked at me with her brown eyes. "Oh, I can't take money for my drawings. That's not right."

"Well what, then? What can I trade you? I'd like to put that drawing up in my home. I feel so relaxed and happy here. Maybe your drawing can help me feel like this even in the city."

"Well, I suppose we could work out a deal," she said.

"Anything. I'll do anything for it," I said.

"Well," she started, "you could model for me."

"What… like those nudes you drew?" I asked.

She nodded her head without making eye contact.

"I don't know about that," I said. "I'm a little shy about that."

She looked up. "You said you'd do anything. Besides, no one will see you."

She was right. In all the time I had been coming here, I had never seen another soul this deep in the woods.

"You'll see me," I said.

"I can't draw you unless I see you," she said smiling.

"I don't know. I've never been naked like that outside. I..."

"Not even for sex?" she asked.

"I've never made love outside," I said.

"Why not? What could be better than a natural act like that in a natural setting like this?"

"I guess the opportunity never came up," I told her.

"Too bad for you," she said. She thought for a moment. "Would it help you feel more at ease if I took my clothes off, too?"

"It might. But it could make it worse."

"C'mon, a deal's a deal, mister," she said as she stood up. "Take it off. Take it all off."

She was serious. She was starting to unbutton her summer dress, giving me a stern look. I stood and began to remove my clothes as well. I turned to the side as I did so, but not out of modesty. I didn't want to see the beautiful girl's naked form. Now was not the time for a hard on!

When I had disrobed, I turned to face her, careful to maintain eye contact. She handed me a beach towel, and directed me to a patch of short grass nearby. I spread out the towel and laid down on it. She coached me into position, laying on my side, propped up on one elbow. Thankfully, I was facing away from her, so the sight of her tan slender body wouldn't arouse me.

Even though I could still see her in my peripheral vision, I did my best to ignore her. I tried thinking of work, cars, baseball statistics. I even recited the National Anthem in my head. It wasn't working, though. I knew that a few yards away from me was a beautiful young woman without a stitch of clothing! And what's more, she was closing studying my own naked body. I felt my penis twitch. She must have seen this because she giggled.

"Hold still," she said with a laugh.

Finally I remembered the fallen tree that I had been staring at all this time. I remembered how calm and peaceful it made me feel. I remembered her drawing of the tree and the stream. I thought about some of the other drawings in her book. Trees. Plants. Flowers. Animals. Nudes.

Damn. Now I couldn't get those nudes out of my mind. She had drawn some pretty erotic figures. Her nude forms were performing every sexual act conceivable. I couldn't get those images out of my head. I was in big trouble now. I could feel a tingle in my balls as my cock began to grow. She didn't say anything, so maybe she didn't notice.

A thought occurred to me. "Who posed for those other nudes you drew?" I asked.

"Huh? Oh. You're my first live model," she said.

I turned my head to face her. "Really? What..."

She stared at me sternly. "I said don't move!"

I could see the tops of her firm breasts above her drawing tablet. No tan lines visible. Her knees were drawn up, as before, and I could see her pussy peaking at me between her legs.

"I'm sorry," I said, turning my head back. "Sorry."

"I don't have money to pay for nude models, so I used pictures in magazines," she explained.

"Those must be some pretty racy magazines." 

"Well, you get what you pay for. Besides, they're more interesting than the other magazines I looked at," she said.

"More interesting?" I asked.

"Yeah. I like the way they show how the male and female forms interact. Complimentary shapes and corresponding contours. The brilliance of nature at its finest."

"I see."

"Besides, I get horny like everyone else," she blurted.

"What?" Stunned, I turned to face her.

I saw that she had put her drawing pad down and her legs were spread wide. She had one hand between her legs, stroking her vagina.

"I said hold still! I'm not done with you yet," she said with a crooked smile.

I couldn't help but look, now. She had a beautiful body. Slender, shapely, glowing with natural beauty. Her breasts seemed to defy gravity, her pink nipples pointing at me. Her stomach was flat and her legs we long and sexy. She had been masturbating while looking at my naked body!

By now my dick was fully erect. I was incredibly aroused at catching her in the act.

"It's very unprofessional for a model to sport an erection. I can't finish drawing you like that," she said.

"I'm sorry, I couldn't help it."

"And I suppose there is only one way to make it go away!" She stood up and approached me. 

Kneeling beside me, she looked at my erection and shook her head. With her hand she lightly caressed my thigh, side and stomach before reaching my penis. She stroked the length of my shaft with the lightest of touches. Soon she lowered her head and took me in her mouth. The warm wet sensation was fantastic. She slowly bobbed her head up and down a few times. 

Popping my dick from her mouth she asked, "Do you want to make yourself useful?"

"Sure!"

"I was hoping you'd say that." She pushed me onto my back and swung her body around, straddling my head. As she lowered her pussy to my face, I could smell the excitement of her juices. 

With my hands, I grasped her ass, kneading her butt cheeks gently. I slid my tongue into her already parted lips and licked at her pussy. She resumed her previous task, taking my manhood in her mouth once again. She moved her head slowly, up and down my cock, making little slurping sounds.

I continued licking at her wet vagina in long slow strokes. Finding her lovebutton, I flicked my tongue across it several times. Her body shook when I did this, and she picked up her pace, taking my penis further in her mouth. I licked across her pussy lips several times, and her head bobbing slowed. Once again I stroked her clit repeatedly with my tongue, and she picked up the pace again. The faster I licked her clitoris, The faster she moved her head.

I slid a finger inside her vagina and her body trembled. She managed to move her head faster, taking nearly my entire stiff shaft inside her. Her slurping became noisier. I was doing some slurping of my own. I continued licking her clit and gently fingerfucking her as her lips stroked up and down my dick. 

When I slid a finger into her asshole, she squealed in delight despite a mouthful of man meat. Faster and faster, deeper and deeper she swallowed my cock, grunting and slurping. I licked her clit as fast as I could move my tongue, sliding my fingers in her ass and pussy.

She bucked her hips and pushed down, grinding her cunt against my mouth. Our excitement increased as we continued this fabulous 69. The peaceful serenity of these woods was interrupted by our growing grunts and moans. 

I felt her body stiffen, as if electrocuted. Her body spasmed as pleasure shot through her. I felt my penis begin to twitch and spasm in her mouth as I shared an intense orgasm with this nameless artist. As I came, she continued sucking my dick in long deep strokes, swallowing every drop. When our orgasm subsided, we laid still. Our only motions were gently stroking each other's genitals.

She moved around and laid next to me. I held her in my arms as she nuzzled against my shoulder, purring in my ear. Enjoying the afterglow together, we lightly caressed one another's body. Her skin was so smooth and soft to the touch. Her fingertips glided across my chest and stomach. 

The birds chirped above us as the sound of the slow moving stream drifted through the clearing. She was the first to speak.

"Mmmm. That was very nice."

"Yes, it was very nice," I said, squeezing her tight.

"I see we haven't quite solved our dilemma," she said, grasping my still erect penis. 

"Hmmm. What should we do about it?" I asked.

"Well, you could take a dip in that cold stream over there, or we could work it off," she said with twinkle in her eye. She gave my cock a firm squeeze. "What would you like?"

"That water does look inviting..." I started. She squeezed my penis hard. "Ouch! Okay, we'll do it your way!"

"That's more like it." She moved down and licked my penis several time before getting on all fours, pointing her ass towards me.

I moved in position behind her, enjoying the view of her shapely ass and glistening wet pussy. With one hand she reached between her legs and guided me into her warm wet vagina. She felt silky smooth as I slowly glided into her inviting womanhood. I pushed my penis inside her as far as I could and held it there enjoying the sensations. 

I grasped her hips and began a slow pace, moving in and out of her in long slow strokes. We moved our hips together in unison, slowly sliding together. I changed the rhythm, giving her two short strokes followed by a deep thrust. In, in, THRUST. In, in, THRUST. One, two, THREE. She quickly learned the rhythm and matched my movements. 

We gradually increased our pace. In, in, THRUST. In, in, THRUST. One, two, THREE. Faster and faster. I heard her le out a little cry of pleasure as we moved together. I looked down and marveled at the sight of my dick sinking into her pussy. 

Finally our pace reached a point where we couldn't maintain my rhythm. In and out, in and out. I reached down and slid a finger in her puckered butt hole. She moaned in excitement at this. I continued slamming my prick into her pussy as I fingerfucked her bunghole. I felt her vagina contract around my penis as she let out a scream of pleasure. She threw her head back and gasped for breath between cries of ecstasy. She bucked her hips against mine, and I felt a flood of wetness surround my dick. 

Our pace slowed and finally stopped. He held my rock hard erection in her pussy. Her vaginal walls contracted in waves around my penis. I heard her let out a little whimper as she caught her breath.

I continued to fingerfuck her ass in slow short strokes. She moved her hips in concert to my mini strokes. 

"Do it," she said. "I want you to put your dick up my ass and fuck me good."

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Yes! Fuck my ASS!"

I slowly pulled out of her pussy, her juices literally dripping from my cock. We repositioned ourselves and I lined my prick up with her tight little asshole. She reached around with both hands and spread her cheeks wide. I slowly pushed my penis head inside her. She gasped. I held it there, feeling her tightness, and letting her get used to the sensation. 

Soon, she pushed back against me, and I entered her further, slowly. Inch by inch, she gasped with every little push, but she kept pushing back. Soon, I was all the way in. I felt her pussy smear its juice on my balls. 

"Oh, yeah," she said, experiencing the sensations.

Soon she began moving her hips. My cock slid in and out of her tight, tight anus in slow strokes. She moaned in pleasure. Our pace increased slowly, and her cries of pleasure matched our pace. Soon, I felt my balls slapping against her pussy. She reached one hand between her legs and began fingering her clitoris. As she did this, she increased her pace. I grabbed her hips and began assfucking her in earnest. In and out of her squeezing butthole, I plunged my dick with fervor.

Soon I felt the tingle in my balls as my excitement grew. Watching my dick move piston-like, in and out of her ass excited me even more. I heard her moans and cries also building.

Before I knew it, I felt the rush in my loins as I shot my seed into her butt. Soon she was screaming and convulsing in pleasure, pushing her ass against me, bucking her hips.

As our orgasm subsided, I eased myself out of her butt. When I had, I noticed my sperm leaking out her ass, dripping onto her sopping wet pussy. She collapsed on the ground, breathing heavily. I laid on top of her gently, stroking her sides, thighs, and arms with my hands. 

"Wow", she said between breaths.

"Wow," I whispered into her ear.

After recovering, she finished her sketch of my nude body. I even posed for two more. She gave me the drawing of the massive fallen tree.

We parted after a passionate hug and a slow lingering kiss. But I never learned her name.