 We were on a hike in the woods. I was walking up a slope in front of him as he felt up my ass. I laughed and smacked his hand away and kept walking. We got to the top of the small slope and came to a huge pile of rocks. As I was about to pass them he grabbed my arm and pulled me back into him. He wrapped his arms around my waist as I felt his breath against my neck. Then I felt his hard cock push against my ass and between my cheeks. He knows that turns me on... I started breathing heavier as he reached around and started groping my tits. Then he slid his hand down to my clit and toyed with me through my shorts until u could physically see how wet he made me through my shorts.

I started grinding my hips against his, squishing his cock between my ass and his body. I moan some more as I take in the feeling of his hands running all over my body. I push up onto my toes as he rubbed my clit as I reached behind me and started rubbing his massive bulge through his shorts. He wrapped his hand around my throat and rubbed my clit harder and whispered, "I'm gonna fuck you..." into my ear. I let out a small gasp as I imagined it all. He slid his hand up and then down into my shorts and began to rub my clit again.

My legs got a little weak and I slid his hand further down so he could feel how wet he made me. His hand slid effortlessly between my pussy lips back and forth until he finally slid in a finger and then two. I threw my head back against his shoulder and I moaned out over and over. After I came on his hand, he pulled it out of my shorts and held it in front of me to show me how much of a mess I made. I gently grabbed his hand and brought it to my lips as I licked all of my juices off, gently sucking on each finger as I felt his cock push even harder against me.

He took his cock out of his pants so I could take it into my mouth. I got down on my knees and ran the flat of my tongue up his shaft just before I took his fat cock into my mouth. I bobbed my head very slow at first and then faster and faster. He threw his head back and moaned. I pulled my face up for a second to prepare myself and then I dove down taking his whole cock into my mouth so my nose hit his pelvis. I stuck my tongue out and licked his balls until I came up for air. I sucked on his left ball and then his right and then took them both gently into my mouth. He then grabbed me by the hair and pulled my head out and in front of his cock and he shoved his cock down my throat. He moved my head as fast as he could and there was drool everywhere. He continued to face fuck me until drool was dripping down my chin onto my chest. As his hands were wrapped in my hair pulling my head into his body my fingers were on my clit and in my pussy so it would be ready for him to fuck.

He pulled me up, ripped my shorts off, and lifted me onto a rock. He started to eat me out. He licked up all of my juices and swirled his tongue around my clit. I threw my head back as I moaned. He shoved his tongue as deep in my pussy as he could and swirled it around pushing against my walls. I ran my fingers through his hair pulling his face further into me.

Then he pulled me back down and bent me over a rock and rubbed my clit with his cock to tease me until I begged him to fuck me hard. Then he slowly slid it in getting faster and harder with each thrust while he pulled my hair as I let out a few very loud moans. As he pounded my pussy, my juices ran down my legs and his cock. I tried to grab at the rock but there was no easy ledge to grab onto. I reached around and grabbed his arms as he pulled my hips back into him as he slammed my body against the rock. He thought he heard something so he threw his hand over my mouth as he looked around but he never lost a beat. He didn't slow down and continued fucking me just as hard and fast if not more.

I moaned loudly into his hand as I heard our bodies slamming into each other and his cock jamming into my pussy. He watched my ass as it jiggled with each thrust. The feeling of helplessness overwhelmed me and I came again all over his cock. Then he pulled out and put me up onto the rock and started eating me out causing me to cum again but this time from him flicking his tongue over my clit while finger fucking me hard and fast.

Then he picked up my feet and placed them on his chest forcing my pussy wide open to shove his entire massive cock into it. Over and over again, he pulled nearly all the way out and shoved his whole length deep into my pussy forcefully until I was screaming. With each thrust, my body was shoved up further and further onto the rock. After a few minutes he climbed up with me and laid on his back. I straddled him backwards and slowly slid down onto his cock. I began to bounce as my ass smacked against his pelvis over and over as I ran my hands over my bouncing tits. I threw my head back and almost lose control as I cum again.

Once I regained myself, I started bouncing again..."Mommy!" I snapped around to see a terrified boy running back to his family. I got off him and we took off into the woods still butt ass naked. We hid behind a tree aw we watched the mother try to calm the boy down.

As we waited for them to leave, I got down on my knees and took his cock into my mouth. He had to hold back his moans as the father was then looking around because had found our clothes. He watched him get closer to us as he tried to keep quite. He seemed to be walking away and he relaxed a bit. I swirled my tongue around the tip of his cock and then blew on it as a small grunt escaped his lips. The father jerked around and seemed to be staring straight at us but we weren't sure if he was or not until he came bolting towards us. He pulled me up and we ran through the woods to the car of which we were locked out of with no clothing whatsoever. 

We kept running towards the back of the lot and hid behind the last car. My pussy was still dripping and his cock still hard and wet. I looked around the car to see if he followed us and said "I think we're sa..." but before I could finish, he spun me around and shoved me against the car. I felt my juices pour down and out of my pussy as he took control of my body. He used his feet to spread my legs a bit and held my arms behind my back with one hand as he guided his cock into my pissy with the other. With one thrust, his cock slid deep into my pussy harder than ever hitting my gspot mailing me cum right then and there. He ignored it and continued fucking me hard and fast rocking the car back and forth causing it to squeak.

He tells me that he's about to cum and he fucks me harder and faster causing the squeaking to get louder and faster. He hit my gspot over and over again causing me to cum again. I grabbed onto him as my pussy spasmed around his cock pushing him over the edge. My pussy sucked every drop of cum out of his balls. He pulled out, spread my ass to watch it drip out and run down my legs. I ran my fingers up my leg and picked up the cum that was then pouring out of me. I took it and wrote "thx" on the hood of the car.

We jogged back into the woods and retraced our steps to the rock and thankfully found our clothes still there. We got dressed and continued our hike. Once we got to the very top, we saw the family that walked up on us. We laugh and keep walking. He smacked my ass as we walked past them.

We eventually looped back to the car. The whole time, I think about what had just happened. How exciting it was and how fucking horny it made me. In the car, he had his hand on my leg. I placed my hand on his hand and slide it up my leg to my pussy so he can feel how wet I still was. I saw his cock twitch in his pants. He wanted to finger me so badly but he knew it was too dangerous so he pulled his hand away and told me I'd just have to wait til we got home.

But I didn't want to wait so I slipped off my shirt and shorts so I was just in my white thong and I spread my legs and propped one up on the dash. I slid one hand down my panties and played with my clit as I threw my head back and moaned as I played with my tits. He tried his hardest not to fall for it but each moan made him harder and harder. He glanced over and saw the dark spot on my panties where my juices were flowing out of my body. I saw that my plan was working and took it one step further. I slid my panties to the side and slid in a finger and then two. I was so wet and each moan was driving him insane as his cock ached to be let out of its cage. I fingered myself harder and faster until I came. My juices dripping down onto the leather seat. Then I looked at him and sucked my juices off my fingers one by one.

Then I got up on my knees and kissed the bulge in his pants. Hard enough for him to feel it but just light enough to drive him crazy. I slowly pulled his cock out and hit it against my tongue a few times before taking it into my mouth. I started slowly at first. Then as he got used to driving while getting his cock sucked, I slowly got faster and sucked harder. I heard him groan as he tried his hardest to stay concentrated on the road. I changed my position so my ass was sticking up in the air. He would practically do anything to just reach over and smack it before shoving a finger or two in my pussy but he knew he couldn't while he was driving. I kept moving my head faster as I felt the frustration building up in his balls. He turned his blinker on and pulled over to the side of the somewhat busy road.

I slid on top of him and straddled his cock just before slowly lowering myself down onto it. All I want in this moment and I'll I've been wanting since we got in the car was to fuck his brains out. I started bouncing up and down on his cock. I accidentally hit the horn and we realized that this position isn't going to work so we moved to the back of the car.

Him on top of me, I laid back on the seat, he licked and sucked on my nipples before moving up and rubbing his cock head over them. I tilted my head down and flicked my tongue over it as he did so. Then I pushed my tits together as he fucked them, my tongue still flicking over the head of his cock each time he thrusted upwards. Once he's harder than ever, he kisses down my body and stops just above my clit. Then he came back up to kiss me as he flicked the head of his cock over my clit causing me to scream in pleasure. Then he fucked me hard and fast as I tried to hold on and keep up with the pace.

Once his cock was wet from my juices, he turned me over onto all fours and slid his cock over my asshole. He rubbed it up and down dragging my juices from my pussy for lube. He shoved his cock into my pussy without warning and I gasped from the shock. After a few thrusts, he pulled out and pushed his cock against my asshole. I let out a small shriek as it slid in. He threw his hand over my mouth and plowed into my ass a few times. He was so big, it was ripping me apart but it also felt too amazing. I sucked his fingers while he slowly ruined my ass. The car began rocking as he picked up the pace. It reminded me of earlier and my pussy started dripping. I reached under and start playing with my clit as he was pounding my ass. I felt his balls banging against my clit as he fucked me hard and fast. I moaned and began to shake as I came again.

The roof of the car started hurting his neck so he flipped me over and pushed my legs up so my feet are by my head and laid on top of me. He lines up with my ass again and went back to fucking me hard and fast as he kissed me long and hard. I grabbed at the seats as he pounded into me and played with my clit. I let out so many loud moans and screams, I was surprised no one had pulled over yet. 

Then just as this thought occurred to me, we heard a car pull up behind us and we realized that the windows were still down. He looked up to see who it was. "Do y'all need any help..." When she saw that we were naked, she froze. He didn't even slow down. "No...were good...thanks..." he answered between strokes and on the last syllable, he thrusted as hard as he could hitting my gspot pushing me over into another orgasm. I screamed out in pleasure as my legs began to shake. "I can see that..." the woman said as she tried to get a better look at me lose control.

As soon as I regained myself I poked my head up to see who just witnessed my blissful orgasm. She was a very cute, curious, country-looking girl. "You know, I actually do think we could use some help...u see..." I said as I got out of the car and started to walk towards her fully naked. "My partner here has always wanted a threesome." I brushed a piece of her hair behind her ear. "Would u maybe be willing to make his dream come true?" I asked with a smile. 

"Ok. But I have to warn u, I don't know what I'm doin'," she answered. I grabbed her by the hand and walked her over to the car where he was then sitting in the open door already stroking his massive cock.

First I kissed her gently. Then I started to slip in a little tongue. Once she seemed more comfortable, I slowly unbuttoned her shirt and stripped off her jeans so she was just wearing a bra and panties. I threw her shirt at him. And before he was able to remove the shirt from in front of his face, I already had her naked.

I pulled her over to him and brought her down to her knees. I licked up the shaft of his cock and then moved away so she could copy. Then I took his cock into my mouth and sucked him off for a bit as she watched in awe. I pulled my head up and wiped the drool from my mouth before guiding her mouth down on his cock. She took most of him in like a champ. She struggled and the last bit but she learned to take care of that section with her hand.

When she came up, he climbed out of the car and told her to lie down on the seat. She did as she was told. I stood up but he smacked my ass and told me to get back down and eat her pussy. I did as I was told. I got back down and licked up and down her clit. She moaned and watched me devour her tight pussy. I slid my tongue in and out before flicking it over her clit. I slid in a finger and then two slowly stretching her out. She grabbed at the seat and moaned as she had never felt such pleasure before. I decided I'd make it my goal to turn this virgin into the slut she really is. I continued to flick her clit and finger fuck her pussy til she was screaming. She was so tight but she seemed to be loving every second of it.

The whole time, he was standing off to the side jerking his cock. He decided he'd tortured himself enough and wanted in on the action. He pulled my hips up into the air and lined up his cock with my pussy. He drove it in hard causing me to scream into her pussy. She moaned as his pounding forced my fingers into her even harder. We went to the same rhythm. If he fucked me faster, I fingered her faster. He realized that he was in control and took advantage. Eventually I couldn't move any faster so I started move my fingers inside of her. She couldn't get enough. She was wiggling around trying to get my fingers deeper and deeper screaming out for me to go harder. I did as she asked and we were both screaming. My pussy was being pounded by a massive cock as she was being pounded by my fingers. He hit my gspot over and over giving me another orgasm.

As I came, my hand spazzed out inside of her causing her to squirt all over my hand and the leather seats. Seeing this just about pushed him over the edge but he contained it. He waited for the two of us to regain ourselves and placed our mouths under his cock. We both licked every inch of it as we fought to make him cum. We naturally just ended up taking turns sucking his cock as the other played with his balls until he finally bursted every drop into her mouth.

I turned to our new friend and kissed her as she passed it to me. I tilted my head back and gurgled it allowing some of it to drip down my neck and chest. I swallowed what was left in my mouth as she licked every drop off of my body.

Once we had all regained ourselves, we traded phone numbers and she went one way and we went the other. We told her to hit us up if she wanted to be the true slut she really was.