 It had been a long day. She was ready for bed. The presents were wrapped and in the shopping bag on the kitchen table. The appetizers and fruitcake were ready and in the fridge. Beth looked out the kitchen window. She could just see the top of the Paisley Abbey tower that was silhouetted against the night sky as it poked above the roofline of the nearby flats. A few tiny snowflakes fell. "Ahhh, maybe a white Christmas," she thought as she turned from the window. She loved this time of year and looked forward to Scottish Christmas Day with her friends.

She poured herself a wee dram, placed the glass on a plate with some shortbread fingers and padded off to bed. "A little something for Santa, and me," she said to herself and smiled as she placed the plate on the bedside table. Letting her robe fall on top of her slippers, she swept back the covers, fluffed up the pillows, and crawled into bed. The shortbread melted in her mouth and a sip of the golden liquid warmed her whole body. She could feel its tingle radiate through her as she reached over and turned off the lamp. The soft yellow light of the streetlight, as it filtered through the curtains, dimly lit the room. Beth looked over and saw the outline of the remaining shortbreads and half a glass of dram. "For you Santa," she giggled and fell asleep.

Perhaps it was the sound of footsteps in her room or maybe the smell that first stirred Beth from her slumber. Maybe it was a combination of both. However, as she stirred, Beth could see through her half closed eyes a figure move and smell the scent of wet peat and leather. Beth was not afraid but intrigued. The visitor appeared to be an older gentleman. He moved towards her bed and Beth sat up defensively pulling the covers up tightly across her chest exposing her feet in the process. He reached out and tenderly pushed back the hair from her brow. As his fingers moved down her cheek and under the cleft of her chin, his touch was warm and loving. Beth now felt both safe and excited.

"Well now my little Beth, have you been a good lass this year or have you been naughty and nice?" His voice was reassuring, but held a hint of mischief.

"I've been the best girl I can" came the pouting reply.

"I bet you have," was the chuckling retort as he knelt down beside the bed and began to stroke Beth's exposed feet and calves. The touch was luxuriant. Beth pushed down in the bed, pulled back the covers, and exposed herself to the tantalizing feel of those fingers as they continued to explore the backs of her knees, her thighs, and her hips. Her nightdress seemed to float up her body and soon was completely discarded. Strong hands cupped her breasts. Her nipples were pinched, tongued, nipped, and sucked. His beard tickled her skin as his tongue explored first her navel, then her mons, and finally her clit. Tongue and fingers traced the outlines of her pussy lips and gently probed the moist opening. Beth arched and shuddered.

" Ohhhh my dear, you are so naughty and nice. Santa has something very special for you."

Beth saw him reach into the bag that he had placed at the side of the bed and pull out what looked like a small rod with an over sized bow. "Here pull on the end of the ribbon," he said as he presented his gift to her. Beth pulled on the ribbon and it cascaded over her body as the old man pulled the object back towards him.

His lips returned to her pussy. His tongue penetrated their folds. However, Beth soon noticed a new sensation. Something cool moved against her thighs. Where it touched it left a warm trail. Beth felt a warm stream of air against her clit, fingers gently rubbed up and down against her pussy lips, and then something cool and hard pushed against her. She tensed, arched her hips, and then it was inside her. It was cool at first, but as it moved in and out, it warmed and filled her. His tongue returned to her clit. Beth closed her eyes, winced, arched and bucked, and everything seemed to dissolve before her.

The scraping sound of snow shovels caused Beth to wake. She shuddered with the cold and realized that she had slept without covers and that her flannel nightdress was discarded beside her on the bed. She stretched and felt something move against her breasts. A red ribbon streamed down to a dark object lying on her robe. She picked it up and looked at it inquisitively. The object was heavy for its size. It was about six inches long and sausage like. It was slightly larger at one end and that end curved upwards. The opposite end was flattened and contained a thumb-sized depression with a hole where the ribbon was tied. She untied the ribbon and let it fall to the floor. Looking at the bedside table, she noticed the cookies were gone and the glass was empty. Beth took a deep breath and fell back against the pillows. She remembered her dream. The faint lingering smell of peat and leather filled her head. The object's coolness weighed against her thighs. Rubbing it in her hand and against her belly she headed towards the shower singing "... I'm gonna find out if it can be naughty and nice... cause Santa Claus is cummin' to town..."