 "Now that she's moved away, I'll just have to find other fish in the sea. She was a kinky little thing, though. One time she even asked me to-" 

"Stop!" I interjected, waving my hands. "TMI!" 

Jim looked at me. "Come on, man, didn't you have sex education in school? I can give you some keywords that you can look up and figure it out." 

Everyone laughed. 

"Har, har," I replied. "Look, it's not that. I just don't want to embarrass a girl, even if she is gone. Other women pick up on that, and they become less likely to ask for what they want. There's already enough pressure on women as it is. I don't want them nervous, I want them horny." 

"I'll bet," drawled Amanda, one of our group. "And what do you want them horny for?" 

"A gentleman never tells." The group laughed again. "But if a lady wants to be a little bit naughty, or even a lot bit naughty, I want her trusting enough to express it. She needs to know that her partner wouldn't laugh, or tell stories about it." 

"What if it's something you don't want to do?" Amanda continued. 

"That's unlikely," I deadpanned to giggles from the group. "I'm a horny guy wired for fun. But if it did happen, I would gently let her know and maybe suggest something that came close to her desires but stayed inside my boundaries. Where there's a will, there's a way." 

"Well there you have it, ladies," Amanda said, sweeping her arms to include the group. "Fantasies R Us." 

Everyone, including me, got a good laugh out of that one. Amanda had a quick wit. 

"Let's change the subject to something I have a chance of actually doing," I said, to a few teases from the circle. "Who's going to the show next weekend?" A band we all liked was coming into town. 

That started a long discussion and set of plans, putting my love life safely behind us. Or maybe not, as I learned at the end of the party. 

"Hey, Bryan! You mind escorting a girl home?" It was Lauren, who lived a bus stop away from me. We had both taken the bus to avoid driving. 

"Sure. Let's blow this joint." Everyone laughed, and wished us a good night. 

We chatted as we walked to the bus stop and waited. Lauren had formed a part of the extended circle of friends I got to know when I moved to the area. She was friendly and intelligent, but not as boisterous as some of the other women in the group. I also heard that she kept herself in good shape, but I didn't know the details. In fact, I really hadn't gotten to know her that well. 

We kept talking on the bus, and I learned that she ran and competed "for fun" in some local triathlons. As the bus slowed to her stop, she turned. 

"Could I take you to dinner sometime and continue the conversation?" 

"I'd love to," I answered, before I really knew what was going on. 

Lauren was getting up. "I'll text you details. Thanks for the escort. Bye." And she was out the door. 

That was quick. Did she just ask me out? I replayed events and wondered to myself as I walked home. Lauren had given me almost no time to answer, so I had said the first thing that came into my head. No time to craft a diplomatic response. In fact, she was in an excellent position to detect hesitation or uncertainty. Almost like she had planned it. At the same time, her offer could be simply a way to finish our discussion. Very crafty. I resolved to be a bit more careful around her. 

The next day, we texted to go out Friday, since the band was playing Saturday. Lauren chose a good place with outdoor dining by the water. I had been before and liked it. 

Friday evening, Lauren rang my doorbell at the appointed time. 

"Hey, Lauren, you're looking good this evening." 

A big smile appeared on her face. "Why thank you, Bryan. You look very nice yourself. Shall we go?" 

"Let's," I said, closing the door. "This is fun, to be picked up. Is this a date?" 

"Is it?" Lauren looked right at me. My playful question suddenly took on a new meaning. 

"It feels like it to me." 

"Well then, I guess it is." 

"Good. This should be fun." 

"I've been looking forward to it all week." And then she opened the car door for me. 

Lauren sparkled throughout dinner. She was much more animated than she was in large groups, and I found myself pulled into her world. I had a habit of focusing completely on my partner during conversations, and I found that she did the same. The evening flew by, and all of the sudden we realized that the restaurant was closing down. 

"Should we go, before they ask us to help with the dishes?" 

I laughed. "Let's do it." 

Lauren drove me back, and I wondered what to do. Should I invite her in? I realized that women had a lot to think about on the first date. I looked over at Lauren, and she had a small grin on her face, like she knew what I was thinking. 

"Join me for a glass of Port to finish out the evening?" 

"I'd love to, Bryan." 

We kept up the conversation, talking late into the night. 

"Oh my. I've been here a long time," Lauren exclaimed, looking at her phone. 

"It's been a pleasure, and it felt much too short," I replied. "Do you have plans before the show tomorrow?" 

"Nothing definite." 

"Care to join me for dinner beforehand?" 

"I could probably make that work." 

"Excellent. I'll get in touch tomorrow." 

"Please do," she answered, getting up and collecting her things. 

I walked her to the door and followed her out. She turned, uncertainty on her face. I had a grin on mine, thinking she was getting a taste of what a man usually goes through. 

"I suppose it's up to me how to say goodnight," she mused. 

"That is traditionally how it's done, yes," I answered, my grin getting wider. 

"Well since we're seeing each other again soon, I suppose a kiss wouldn't hurt." 

"Wouldn't hurt at all." 

We embraced, and I felt her lips find mine. We kept it fairly chaste, but I could sense a lot in reserve. 

"Goodnight, Bryan." 

"Goodnight, Lauren. Pleasant dreams." I smiled as I got to use that line. 

Lauren winked and spun around to walk to her car. I watched and waved while she drove away. 

We met our friends for the show after a great dinner. 

"Offering Lauren a ride, I see." That was Daniel, another one of our gang. 

"Saves on gas, and she's even reasonably pleasant company," I answered. 

Lauren snorted. "That's more than I can say, apparently." 

I shrugged theatrically. "What did I do?" 

Lauren just rolled her eyes. 

"Squabbling already. I'm keeping an eye on you two." Daniel laughed, and walked off 

"I guess we didn't fool him too well, huh?" 

"Just don't fool yourself," Lauren shot back. "Now, are you going to get me a beer, or do I have to hit up some other guy?" 

"So that's how it's going to be, huh? OK babe, let's get you over to the bar and start getting your defenses lowered " 

"Music to my ears." 

We continued the banter and played it cool with our friends. I danced with Lauren during most of the songs, but kept it a little discreet. She danced well and winked at me a couple of times. The music sounded so much better with her athletic body twisting in time to mine. By the end of the show, we had gotten a good workout. 

She invited me in after I took her home, and we relived the show, which had been a lot of fun. At some point, her lips found mine, and we made out on the couch a while, but some sense told me not to push things too far. Lauren was waiting for something, and my heart told me to be patient. 

"I better go before you get me too worked up. You're a great kisser," I said. 

"It goes both ways," she replied breathlessly. "Could I talk you into trying my cooking this Friday?" 

"Love to." 

"Good! We'll talk about the details. Now let's get to the door and try out one more of those kisses." 

Lauren molded her body to mine, and I felt the promise of much more to come if I played my cards right. I went home with the memories of her twisting body dancing through all the corners of my mind, and the memories merged into my dreams. 

Wednesday I had a match with my co-ed volleyball team. Amanda also played, and her quick wit kept us all entertained after the matches. We played a top team and lost in a close match, but we played well and could see the progress our team had made since joining the league. We went for a beer after the match, and Amanda cornered me. 

"I saw you and Lauren dancing together last Saturday. It looked more than friendly. Then I remembered you escorting her home the week before. Any more dots to connect?" 

"You'll have to figure out my love life on your own, Amanda." 

"I figured you would say that, and I approve. Now that I think about it, I remember your little speech on protecting a girl's privacy. I also appreciate that in a big way. Since you're such a gentleman, I'll give you some free advice. I've known Lauren for a long time, and you can absolutely trust anything she tells you. I've known you a while as well. Can I tell her back that she can trust you and that you're safe in the intimate sense of the word?" Lauren looked closely at me for my answer. 

"If some friend of yours ever needed to know something like that, yes, you could tell her to trust me," I replied, looking straight into her eyes. 

"Nicely stated." Amanda winked. "I already knew, since our team donates blood together. But it was fun to ask, and see if I could get you to spill anything." 

"You're bad, Amanda." 

"And I like it that way. Now your job is to see how bad our mutual friend Lauren can be." 

"Lauren doesn't have a bad bone in her body." 

"Oh, but she does, Bryan. She just doesn't let anyone see it. I think you're in for the time of your life." 

"I'm glad you're so sure of yourself." 

"I have a way of knowing my friends pretty well, and there's a lot that would attract each of you to the other. I'd tell you to take care of Lauren, but I know you will. Enjoy yourself." Amanda winked and then moved on, making a big show of congratulating another player on her defense. 

That Friday found Lauren and I together at her place. She cooked a nice dinner, and I helped with some chopping and other chores. The evening was fun and playful. After we had cleared the plates, we talked for a while before moving to her couch for some chocolate and dessert wine. I had just set my glass down after a sip. 

"Bryan." 

"Yes?" I replied, glancing up. Lauren's eyes looked straight into mine. 

"Could I talk to you about something, but trust you to keep it private?" 

"Sure, Lauren." 

"I really mean it, Bryan. 'Hell hath no fury' and all that?" 

"I get it," I said, putting my hands up. "I don't want you for an enemy." 

Lauren smiled at that, then continued. 

"Were you serious the other night when you talked about liking women a little naughty?" 

A chill washed down my spine, my throat went dry, and my cock instantly hardened. 

"Yes." Even I could hear the anticipation in my voice. It felt like Lauren was picking up on everything going through me. Her lips raised up at the corners. 

"I think I struck something there," she purred. "That's good, because I'm a girl who has...naughty...needs in bed." 

"You do?" I replied lamely. I trembled - stunned, horny, overwhelmed. 

Lauren put her hand on my arm, probably to feel out my reaction to her words. 

"I've never dated anyone very long, because the guys I met didn't seem like the types I could confide something like that to. I think you may be different, but I want to know before we take this much further. Would you like to hear a little more and maybe tell me if you wanted to be my boyfriend?" 

"I'd love to," I croaked. Lauren smiled as she felt the tension coiling about my body. I think it helped her open up. 

Her voice went soft. "I think I'm wired a little differently. I'm really, really, sensitive..." her hand left my arm and snaked back to pat her ass, "...back here. Is that something you think you would like?" 

I almost came in my pants. I grabbed onto the first thing that came into my mind. 

"I was like, twelve, or something. My friend had found his father's stash of Playboys. He solemnly brought me into his room like it was some secret ritual or something. We slowly went through the pictures, my eager eyes absorbing every detail. We paused on a two-page spread, one page showing this gorgeous woman on her back and the other showing her turned on her tummy. He asked me what my favorite view was. I pointed a finger at her ass. I think he was surprised. He said he liked the other view because he got to see everything. I said I liked it too, I mean, who wouldn't? But I really liked her butt. That story has stayed with me. Since then, I've known I'll always be an ass man." 

Lauren closely studied me as I told this oddly intimate little story. A faint smile curled around the edges of her mouth the entire time. 

"I think we're going to work out together," she said, very gently. "Would you like to be my boyfriend?" 

Such a simple set of words. So much behind them. 

"I'd love to," I said in a clear voice. My body reacted, surprising even me with the intensity of how much I wanted what she offered. 

Lauren's eyes widened. "Come over here," she commanded. Her arms reached out, and she pulled me close for a long, hungry, searching kiss. Her body trembled, like she was finally getting something she always wanted. My body responded, making me wonder what hidden feelings stirred within me. 

Lauren moaned into my mouth. When we pulled back to catch our breath, she dipped her head into the hollow of my neck and whispered. 

"My body is a candy store, and you have a free pass. Don't be afraid to sample anything you like." 

A wave of arousal washed through me. I could tell Lauren felt it. 

"Thank you. And if there's some house specialty you want me to try, please point it out," I responded. 

"We offer a wide range of specialties. I'll be happy to guide you through them, but it might take a number of visits to sample them all." 

"It will be my pleasure," I replied as my lips sought hers again. 

After coming up for air again, I remembered a question. 

"Lauren, before this gets too far along, do we need to do something about protection?" 

Lauren pulled back and looked into my eyes. "Thanks for asking. I'm covered in that department. And Amanda talked to me about your conversation. She said you handled yourself like a gentleman, and that I could trust you. So you're cleared for takeoff." 

"Nice to hear. Now, where were we?" I asked, pulling her close again. 

"I think we were at that place where we don't need words anymore," she said, before fastening her lips to mine again. 

I caressed Lauren's face and neck, and she purred in response. A hot wave washed through me to realize how sensitive she was-and how I could play her body. Where did this lady come from? Lauren had never let on that she was anything like this. How did I get so lucky? 

On an impulse, I coaxed her shoulders around, and she took the hint, climbing into my lap and straddling my legs. That freed up my hands to explore her body, and that's what I did, feeling out her reactions and learning her secrets. I found one of those along her upper arms, and her body thrilled as I lightly caressed. The sides of her torso also gave me a pleasant reaction, and I felt her heating up. 

Of course, she moaned deeply when my hands roamed over her ass. Her hot tongue also drove into mine, and I let the tension build. After a suitable period of teasing, I toyed with the hem of her shirt, and she sighed her approval. I slowly worked the garment upward, and she raised her arms to help me get it off. She shook her hair out, and then fastened her lips to mine again. 

With lots of new skin to explore, my fingers got busy. Lauren writhed above me, hot to move along but forced to wait out my patient attack. When I fingered the clasp of her bra, she hissed "Yes!" into my mouth. I worked the hooks open, and she shrugged out of the unwanted thing, flinging it away. Her chest arched forward, hungry for my touch. 

Feeling that she was right where I wanted her, I stopped the teasing and closed my hands over each of her breasts. Lauren moaned her surprise and delight while I felt up her firm mounds, the hard nipples rasping into my palm. I left the patient exploration for another time and moved to pleasuring, exciting her heaving skin and then closing over her nipples with my fingers. Lauren shuddered as the first jolt lanced through her body. I smiled to myself, happy to find her breasts so sensitive. I toyed for a while then brought my hands up to her face. 

One set of fingers went to her lips and one to mine. Lauren took the hint, plunging her lips over my fingers while I did the same. The wet fingers moved back to her straining nipples, this time pleasuring with more force. Lauren moaned louder, her lips latching back onto mine. As I took her higher, her breath got short. She was fully worked up: hot, needy, and dying to get off. I grazed down her heaving skin to the clasp of her jeans, hearing her "Oh, God!" as I worked the button loose. The zipper went next, and a heady scent of hot pussy washed over me. 

I guided her out of my lap and set her down, giving her legs a rest and giving me access to her jeans. I tugged them down and she raised her hips to help. Off they went, revealing long, tight legs. I reached for her soaked panties, and she eagerly lifted up to get them off. 

I finally took a good look at my handiwork. Lauren's lust-filled eyes looked back at me, her hunger and need overpowering any sense of vulnerability. Her chest and neck flushed with heat, and her breasts rode high and tight, beautiful in their excited state. I glanced down to see a neatly trimmed mound point to the junction between her legs. Swollen outer lips cradled her inner folds, glistening with desire. 

"Lauren, you are truly beautiful," I stated, the words coming unbidden to my lips. 

Lauren's eyes smiled briefly at that, then they went back to lust. 

"You've got me so worked up," she replied. Was it a statement, an acknowledgement, a plea, or a demand? It was all of those things, and I leaned in to kiss her again, my hands first framing her face, then traveling down to pleasure her breasts some more. Her arms ranged along my back, urging me on. Finally, my fingers moved to her legs, gently coaxing them apart. She opened them wide and slid downward, moving her hips to the edge of the couch in obvious invitation. 

My lips left hers and travelled down, kissing and nibbling her neck, heating her upper chest, and tasting her breasts and nipples. My hands teased between her legs, brushing close but never giving her what she needed. She squirmed and panted, forced to wait while the tension built. What was I going to do? 

When my lips moved down from her chest, she moaned, anticipating some way out of her sweet agony. I nibbled my way down her tummy, feeling her squirm beneath me, then arrived at her mound. I took a tour, teasing all around her outer lips and inhaling her musk. Looking up, I saw her head thrown back and her breasts tight with strain. I chose that moment to lick straight up her pussy, and her head snapped forward in surprise. 

She watched intently as I switched from teasing to pleasing. Her pussy was hot and wet, the delicate inner lips very sensitive if her gasps and moans were any indication. I worked around them until I felt the tension in her legs. Then I moved higher and brushed the hood of her clit. 

"Oh, God!" she exclaimed. I looked up, and our eyes met. Hers were lost in lust. Emboldened, I concentrated on the hood, while she squirmed and moaned above me. When her breath got short, I searched for her clit with my tongue. Finding it standing proud, I lashed the tiny pearl back and forth, driving Lauren higher and higher. Finally, she dropped her hips and then exploded upward, ramming her pussy into my face and shuddering through an intense orgasm. I rode her bucking pussy all the way through, squeezing out every bit of pleasure my tongue could give her. 
