 I'm sitting in the shade of a large tree, my laptop open, trying to write a story. The green grass beneath me is sweet smelling and cool on my almost bare legs. 

I look up from my computer screen to watch as the wood ducks take flight, leaving ripples move over the shimmering surface of the dam. All around me is nature's song, the birds singing, the sound of the wind whispering through the leaves of the trees. It's the perfect day to sit and admire mother nature's beauty. As the breeze blows through the leaves, parting them gently, the sun shines down through the gaps, kissing my skin gently. I sigh at the thought that the only thing to make mother nature's song better is the sound of moans and whispered words.

I shut down my laptop and move it off my lap. I close my eyes, leaning back on my elbows. I let my mind drift. I imagine that the breeze is a lover's hand, softly running over my shoulder, down my arm. I let my head fall back, the sun's warmth kissing it's way down the length of my neck. My imaginary lover's lips are trailing down my throat, kissing the pulse that beats steadily there. A soft moan escapes my supple lips.

As the breeze continues to caress me gently, it ruffles and lifts my shirt a bit. My muscles jump a bit as the breeze seems to lick at the baby soft skin that has been exposed. My eyes drift open to see that my imaginary lover has become reality. I gasp and make to more, my eyes staring at you, alarmed. "Take it easy, I'm not going to hurt you. I was watching you and you seemed to be getting some pleasure from around you, so I thought I would contribute."

My initial shock passes, my heart beat slowing to a normal pace. I give myself a moment to let my eyes wander over you, from the top of your head down over the length of your body, pausing at the bulge in your pants, and then to the tips of your shoes before sliding back up. A gleam of mischief enters my eyes as I smile sultrily at you. "By all means, feel free to join me," I say, as I beckon you to sit down beside me. 

"I like what you were doing to me, it felt so good. Please, if you don't mind, can you continue?" I ask. You smile and tell me shift back to the position I was in, I do so, letting my hair fall in waves to the ground as my head falls back. I hear you shift beside me, moving closer. Something touches my skin, I cant identify what it is yet, but I know its not your fingers. I let you seduce me, enjoy the feeling of what ever it is you're using, run along my arms, up over my shoulder and across to the other side. You see a small frown crease my brow. You lean in close, lips ever so close to my ear and tell me that you are using a soft green leaf to tickle my skin. A shiver of excitement travels quickly down my spine, raising goose bumps all over me. My lips part a little as a sigh slips softly between them. 

The frown relaxes, my eye lashes flutter a little as I let my mind go. You warm breath still blows gently against my ear, moving the wisps of my hair. I catch my bottom lip between my teeth as you kiss my ear lobe, sucking it gently between your moist lips. Your nibble softly on the lobe before moving your mouth off it and placing a kiss on my neck just below it. I feel your grin more than I can see it as I let off a whimper of delight.

Your lips move down my neck, to my shoulder and following the path of the leaf. I shift and you raise your head. I open my eyes and look at you. "You have no idea how wet you are making me." 

"I'm sure I'm going to find out, but all in good time," you reply.

The thought makes me tremble, making me weak. I drop back onto the ground, eyes still focused on you. "Make me moan and cry out in sweet pleasure, I'm yours." I see your eyes darken with lust. You throw away the leaf that you had forgotten you still held. You lean down, trailing kisses along my jaw. My lips part, wanting yours pressed against them. You continue past my lips, ignoring the pout that slips to them. I snake my tongue out, wetting my bottom lip. "Please kiss me," I plead. 

You bring your lips with in half an inch of mine and dart your tongue out to trace the outline of them. I manage to catch your tongue and suck it onto my mouth, drawing you to me. Raising my arms, I loop them behind your neck, bringing your lips firmly to mine. I moan deep in my throat. Running my tongue along yours, my fingers massage your neck, wanting you to give me more. 

Feeling the gentle press of your hand, it runs down my side, giggles coming to my lips. You raise your head, giving me a puzzled look. "Sorry, that tickles," I explain.

"Oh, what? This?" you ask. You run both sets of fingers down my sides, causing shrieks of laughter to bubble up from inside me. "Hey, that's not fair," I pout. You grin at me, and go back to tickling me. I dart my hands down to your waist, pulling your shirt out of the waist of your pants and slip my hands beneath. "See how you like it," I tell you. I slide my fingers up over your chest, softly, feeling your warm muscles.

You squirm under my fingers. Deciding you don't like being tickled, you pull off your shirt, throw it nearby and grab my hands, pinning them above my head. You immediately drop your head to my neck, giving me a love bite, evoking a whimper as there is a slight pain as you leave your mark, but then a gasp as your lick it to soothe the pain. 

Using your free hand, you open the buttons on my blouse. Warmth shoots through me as you kiss a trail down to the valley of my breasts. They swell, my nipples harden almost painfully, begging to feel the heat of your mouth sucking on them. Sliding your tongue out between your lips, you lick a path from the valley to my left peak, sliding around the areole. I arch, trying to feed my nipple into your mouth. 

"Please, I want you to suck them, I need you to." You oblige, sucking on my left nipple as you move your other hand to massage my right breast. Raising up on your knees, your straddle my hips, your hard cock pressed tightly against me. 

You shift your suckling mouth to my right breast, giving it the same attention. All the while, I pant as sharp bursts of pleasure move through me. You grind your hips into mine before you shift down further, trailing feather light kisses across my torso and stomach. You free my hands but they don't move from where you left them pressed to the ground. I feel the waist of my skirt loosen as you find the zip and tug it down my legs, finding my pussy bare of panties and hair. Your fingers press into my thighs, gently pulling my legs apart, exposing me to you.

I hear a groan rumble from deep in your chest. I gasp and raise my hips as I feel your run a finger along my pussy lips, watching as they open like a flower, showing you the sweet nectar ready for your tongue to taste. I watch as you move your head between my legs, a soft cry coming from me as you trace my pussy lips before your tongue darts between them to tap on my hard, swollen clit. 

My hands move on their own, one to a breast, the other to spread myself wider for you. Slipping your hands beneath my arse, you raise me a little to your mouth. I squirm and moan louder as your tongue licks continuously, insistently at my swollen bud. "Yes, like that. Lick me, make me cum on your face," I moan.

I feel one of your hands shift and then the press of a finger into me. "Fuck yes. You are so good at this." I praise you. You move your tongue back and forth, ever so lightly on my clit. Every once and a while you'd lick harder, making me press myself harder onto your tongue. "I'm going to cum very soon," I cry out. You stop licking my clit and slip a second finger into me and hold them there. "Oh no you're not," you inform me. I try to thrust my hips onto your fingers, but using your other hand, you hold them down. I let out a shriek in frustration as you just look at me with a smug look on your face.

You start to pull your fingers out of me, I whimper and you thrust them back into me. My hips raise off the ground as you do it again and then stop. "Pleaseeeeeeeee," I cry out......making loud whimpers. You withdraw your fingers from me, a sob coming from my throat. You catch my hand as it starts to slip to my clit. "I think not, goddess, there'll be none of that. I'm in charge. Remember, you're mine." You undo your belt, pulling it from your pants and tie my wrists together.

We hear voices coming, you help me up, grabbing my clothes and my laptop as you do. You pull me over a small hill and push me to the ground, telling me to keep quiet. The hill is shielding us from everyone who walks along the path and the grass. "I'm going to lick you until you cum, and I want you to be as quiet as you can, because we don't want who ever that is coming over and spoiling our fun. Do you understand?" you ask. 

I nod my head, not game enough to make a sound. You move me until you have me the way you want me. You thrust two fingers deep in me, I bite down hard on my bottom lip, back arching off the ground as you continue to thrust them in and out of me. You pull your fingers from me and slide them into my mouth, telling me to lick them clean. I obey, sucking and licking all of my sweet juice from them. You drag your hand back down my body, spreading my pussy lips further. You lower your head, thrusting your tongue into me. I quiver and tremble as pleasure swamps me. I feel you slide your tongue up to my clit, licking furiously. I start shuddering and trembling harder as my orgasm hits me.

"Remember to keep quiet baby," you whisper to me. I bite the inside of my cheek to stop any noise, but a small whimper manages to slip past my control. My shudders die down to the occasional tremble as you finish licking my sweet cum from me. You kiss your way back up my body, tasting my salty sweat as it gleams on my skin. "You're a good girl for not making any noise," you say before kissing my lips gently.

You slide down the zipper on your pants and push them and your jocks down to your knees, baring your throbbing cock for me to see. You sit beside my head, reaching a hand out to massage my breasts. I turn my head and take you into my mouth and suck on your tip, precum falling from it. There's a thoughtful look on your face as you ask me if I have had a titty fuck. I tell you no, I don't think my breasts are big enough. Untying my hands, you tell me we'll try it now. Standing up you drop your pants and jocks to the ground. You straddle my chest, shifting until you get the position right. 

Reaching behind you, you dip your fingers into me, causing my hips to raise off the ground as you bump my clit, sending tingles through me. Bringing your hand back in front of you, with my juices dripping off it, you run your fingers and palm over your cock, coating it. As an afterthought, you give my breasts a feel, leaving my cum on them. You tell me to squeeze my tits together and you were going to thrust your cock in and out of them. 

You start off with short, slow thrusts so I can get used to the feel of it, then gradually pick up pace. As your thrusts get longer, your cock's tip hits against my lips, so I open my mouth, letting your cock in with each long thrust you give. I look up at you, watching your face as you fuck my tits. "I want your hard cock in me." You give one last hard thrust, your cock going deeper into my mouth. 

You slide down my body, tasting my nipples as you settle between my legs. I feel you press the tip of your cock into me, making me raise my hips to try and take more of you. Grabbing my hips, you restrain me. "Not yet, goddess." I pout at you, but you don't succumb to it. You move your hips in a circle, your cock slips in a bit further. I whimper, a soft begging noise, for I want to feel my pussy filled with you. I open my mouth to voice my pleas and you thrust hard into me. Forgetting that I had to remain silent, a moan slips out my open mouth. 

You continue to thrust deep and hard, pulling my hips harder onto yours. Suddenly you roll over, making me straddle your hips. "Ride me," you tell me. I look down at you and grin, mischief sneaking into my mind. I let myself slide up and down on your cock for a moment, but slip right off and slide down to your groin. I take your cock deep into my mouth, sucking and licking at the sweet juices covering it. Not wanting to miss any, I nibble down the back of it to your balls. I lick slowly, gently, teasingly. Then I start to suck your scrotum into my mouth. I let one of your balls slip in, sucking it, feeling you tremble. 

I let your sack slip out of my mouth to move to your other ball. You grab my arms, drag me up your body, but flip me over onto my belly, shifting behind me. "Naughty girl." you admonish me. You help me up onto my knees, thrusting hard into me. With each hard thrust you give me, you smack my arse, telling me I was naughty for stopping. I cant help it, I cant stop myself from moaning out loud. 

"oh, God. Please don't stop." I beg. I'm panting and moaning, pushing back, pulling forward, in rhythm to your hard thrusts. "I'm cumming," I scream........ Shoving myself hard back against you. I can feel your cock swelling in me. "Good, because so am I," you grunt as I feel your hot cum spurt into me. My arse cheek stings sharply as you slap it hard one last time, an equally sharp cry pierces the relative quiet of the gardens. I drop to the grass, you follow, not wanting to pull out yet. As we lay there, I rotate my hips occasionally, loving the little ripples of pleasure still running through me. 

I feel you tense as you go to move. "Lets get out of here shall we." Getting up we grab our respective clothing and get dressed. I grab my laptop and we head off towards your car. As we go to pass a small group of people further down the track, you let go of my hand to grab for some blades of grass stuck in my hair. "You have grass in your hair," you inform me, causing me to blush since the people probably heard us.