 The sound of the alarm was my first recollection that today was going to be a day that I would probably never forget. Never mind that it was tax day…April 15th, the day that most Americans absolutely dread. Instead, I was looking forward to it with certainty and anticipation. My workload at work was extraordinarily light, so I was able to think about the coming events with clarity. With each hour I was becoming more and more aroused. 

I got off work at 5:00 and headed home, the speedometer rising abnormally high…higher than usual. I couldn’t get home fast enough. I walked in the door and immediately made a clothes trail to the shower. I turned on the shower and let the steam start rising, thinking in my mind….the next time I shower will be tomorrow. After he goes home... I’m wondering when I take my next shower will my body be sore in places I didn’t think existed? 

A smile curves my mouth with wonderment. I step in the shower and wet my hair, feeling the water trickle down my back, down my ass, and to the back of my legs. I reach for the shampoo, and pour it into my hand…my body is tingling with excitement. I can hardly wait. 

As I lather the shampoo into my hair, I have a dreamy look on my face. With my eyes closed I start seeing images in my head…images I am hoping will take place in a few hours. Once I’ve rinsed the shampoo out of my hair, I grab the soap and start lathering it between my hands. 

Running my hands down my breasts, I realize that he will be the one touching my breasts next. Touching and caressing, with his tongue lapping around my nipple….gently tugging with his teeth…If it were not for the water, I’d just have to take my fingers and feel that my pussy was already ready. My wetness was becoming increasingly apparent. I’m hoping that I can contain myself over dinner.

I opened the door to the restaurant. I look around and I don’t see anyone yet that looks like him. I go to the bar and sit there, waiting. I am a little early, so I have some time to be prepared. What is it going to be like, this first meeting? We’ve talked for a few months. My heart is beating fast. It feels like I’m on the highest part of a roller coaster, anticipating that fall. The door opens, and my heart actually stops. It skips, then goes full force. My God….He comes towards me with sureness in his step and stops in front of me. 

“Hi,” he said.

“Hi yourself,” I said. 

“How was your drive,” I said. 

“Not short enough,” he said. 

He looks down on me appreciatively, with a hint of lust in his eyes. I lick my lips and look up at his blue eyes and take in the whole scene before me. He’s taller than I expected, with dark brown hair. He’s wearing a blue shirt with blue jeans. Even though he was clothed, I can tell and imagine what he’d look like stark naked. I’m wearing a little red dress that goes right above the knees and it’s flared at the skirt and accentuates my large breasts. 

“OK…I’ll stop talking. You go ahead and stare for a little bit,” I said. 

He looks in my eyes and gives me a grin that tells me he was thinking the same thing.  

We order dinner and it feel like I’ve known him my entire life. I’m barely able to control myself, but I almost lost it. During dinner, I slip off my high heel under the table and run my toes below his knee. 

“I’m not wearing any panties,” I tell him, searching for a reaction. He retains his composure as if I’m not doing anything but talking about the weather. 

He said, “You know, two can play at this game.” 

I look up at him and with a mischievous smile, tell him, “Oh really…now what game is that”. 

“Let’s see who can lose our composure first,” he said. As far as I was concerned, I have a feeling that I’m going to lose this game. 

“Come over here,” he said. I scoot over to the chair next to him and look up at him. 

“Yes?” I said, “you rang?” 

He slips his hand under the table and pulls my dress up to my thigh. 

“Is this fair?” I said. 

“No, but I don’t really care,” he said. 

I noticed the waiter going by, and said “Waiter? Check please.” 

He followed me to my house, and looking in the rear view mirror, I could see him staring at me. He licks his lips as I start playing with my hair. He can see me going up and down in my seat in slow movements as I am imaging myself going up and down on his hard cock. I can see him shake his head. We pull up to my house and I wait for him to pull up behind me. He gets out of the car and starts walking towards me. 

“What in the world were you doing?” he said. 

“I was playing,” I said. I’m standing with my back to my car, and he takes his hands and frames my face and comes toward me. I am anticipating his kiss, but at the last second he pulls back and looks in my eyes. 

“Are you sure?” he said. 

“Yeah,” I said. I’ve been kissed many times in my life, but not the way he did. He actually made love to my lips. It started out as a testing of mouths. He slanted his face to fit fully into my mouth. He nibbled at my lower lip, as it became more erratic.  My hands found their place on his chest and gradually worked up to his shoulders. His hands found their way to my waist and down my ass. He grabbed my butt and planted it firmly towards his cock. 

“Do you feel that?” he said. I could feel him beneath the layers of clothes. I nodded my head, unable to speak. 

“That is what you do to me,” he said. 

“OK,” I said. 

“Now you are going to feel what you do to me,” I said, as I took him by the hand and brought him into the house. I closed the door and hesitated before turning around. I feel his nearness and the hairs prickle at my neck as I anticipate his touch. He comes up behind me as I feel him move my hair away from my neck and I feel his lips touch me. His hands come up around my waist and move up towards my breasts. My body moves backward to come into more direct contact with his. I can feel his teeth nibble gently along my neck as I can feel his cock in the crack of my ass. I arch my back and wiggle, teasing my ass against him. 

“It’s been a long time,” he said, “I don’t think I can handle any teasing tonight”. 

“Oh, no…no more teasing,” I said. I turn around and he takes my hands and puts them above my head. He kisses me with so much passion that I don’t think I can stand still for very long. His tongue mates with mine with an urgency of completion. I bring my hands back down and start unbuttoning his shirt. I see his nipples and I cannot resist. I bring my head forward and take one in my mouth, gently nibbling. I strip off his shirt with my nails lightly raking his skin. He turns me around and unzips my dress. 

“You don’t have any underwear on,” he said. 

“I told you I wasn’t,” I said. 

He hissed between clenched teeth, “I thought you were teasing.” 

“I don’t tease,” I smirked.

I lead him into the bedroom and the lights are off with the exception of a few candles by the bed. I hurry and light them and turn to him. He’s laying on the bed with only his jeans on, and he looks like the sexiest man I’ve ever seen. 

“Come here,” he said. I take my dress off and I do his bidding and I crawl over to him. I straddle his lean hips as he takes his hands and cups my breasts. Reaching down to unbutton his jeans, I am more aware of his hardness than I was before. I take my hands and reach under the undone buttons to feel his cock. It’s pulsating in my hands…ready… My body goes down the length of his, feeling my nipples touch the head of his cock. I find myself between his legs as he lets out a very audible sigh. I lightly touch the tip of his cock with my tongue and look at his face to see what kind of damage I’ve done. He has his head thrown back with his eyes closed. I then take off the remainder of his jeans and his cock is standing at attention….waiting…and wanting. The first touch of my mouth over his head, his cock jumps with pulsating need. 

With a gentle suckling pressure, I lower my mouth down his shaft. I take my hands and feel the back part of his legs, raking my nails down. I am so incredibly wet. He thrusts his hips towards me and looks at me with glazed lust. My hand is stroking his balls as I go down almost all the way on his cock. 

“Oh my God,” he said. I see the goose bumps rise on his body, and I know that he is in ecstasy. I start going faster, with more pressure and firmness in my mouth, and I can taste the pre-cum and lap it around the head of his dick. He suddenly grabs my hands and puts me underneath him. I can feel the head of his dick at my pussy lips. He reaches down between us and feels how wet I am. Licking my nipples and gently tugging with his teeth he feels my clit and starts rubbing. 

My pussy is throbbing now. It is so incredibly hot, I almost can’t wait for him to be inside me, but he has other intentions. He goes down and kisses my breasts, putting my legs up beside his head. He licks my clit once. He looks at my face to see what kind of reaction he’s going to get. My pelvis thrusts up towards him, wanting him to continue. He looks at me with a devious gleam in his eye. 

“Fair’s fair,” he said. He licks again, this time a longer, harder lick. With flicks of his tongue, he’s bringing me closer to orgasm.  . He then takes his finger and inserts it in my wet pussy. My vaginal muscles take hold of his finger and he can feel the insides begin to contract. 

“Not yet,” he said, “we have a ways to go.” He goes back up and takes my nipple in his mouth, as his finger is still inside of me. 

“There you go,” he said, “relax”. I look up at him and pull him down to my waiting mouth. He goes back down and continues his welcome violation of my body. I spread my legs and he inserts two of his fingers and is pumping me, I can feel my clit become engorged. He slowly comes up against my body and again, I can feel the head of his cock against my pussy lips. His head is poised right against my clit, and he starts moving a little bit, almost bringing me close to orgasm. 

“Are you ready?” he said. 

I look up at him with a dazed look, and say “Please?” He enters me with his large cock in one thrust. He leaves it there and pauses, allowing me to get accustomed to his size. I can feel him throbbing inside me, and my pussy is encased around him tightly. I reach around and grab his ass, holding him firmly in place. He grinds into me even further, and then he withdraws all the way. 

I look up at him pleadingly. “Oh, please.” He grins as he thrusts into me again, this time going in and out at a steady rhythm. That was all the encouragement he needed. He bends down and grabs my nipples in his mouth, all the time, I’m writhing around on the bed, unable to finally control myself. He massages my clit and he can feel the muscles in my pussy begin to tighten even more, as I go over the edge and feel the white hot throbbing waves of orgasm encompass me. 

“Yeah?” he said. 

“Oh, yeah!” I said. He starts pounding into me over and over and with one final thrust, he throws his head back while I meet him, thrust for thrust and rotating my hips to put him over the edge. 

He collapses on top of me and with his head on my breast, looks up at me and said, “so how was your day?” 

“Taxing,” I said, as I grab his hand and head towards the shower.