 I'd like to thank "Flute", my editor, who patiently shaped my first story and initiated me into the world of erotic writing. You never forget your first... 

*****

"Mr. Martin, good morning, this is Dr. King."

"Oh, good morning ma'am." I certainly wasn't expecting this call. I'd just been to her office a few weeks earlier for my annual visit and nothing seemed amiss. 

Dr. King is my dermatologist. With my pale white skin and history of sunburns, I've been getting a full screening with her once a year for the last three years. She'd been recommended by a female coworker and she seemed to be very highly rated. I knew I shouldn't have been, but I felt a little naughty picking a female dermatologist. 

Dr. Patrice King has that sexy bookish kind of beauty. The first time I went she'd had on glasses, a hair bun and a somewhat reserved manner. And of course, a lab coat hiding her body. In truth, I was instantly attracted to her. She's smart and witty, and I just enjoy talking with her. She even has a sexy voice. We always have a good visit, and I always keep her and her staff cracking up so even though I only see them once a year, they remember me. Interestingly, this last visit she had her hair down, which only made her prettier, and she wasn't wearing glasses. 

Because the exam requires looking at my skin, it is kind of weird being so nearly naked in front of a woman that's not my wife. Well, actually two. During the examination she always comes in with an assistant, I guess to prevent any problems. I have to strip down to my underwear and let her look over me. I ask if I should take them off too. Interestingly on the first visit she said no, but on the second visit she wasn't so quick to say no. My boxers don't close well in the front so although I try not to, I inevitably flash a little bit. On my latest visit I wore something a bit more interesting, still boxer type but more colorful. That made for some fun.

I'm always worried I'm going to get an erection during the examination. I really want to ask her if that ever happens but it seems so unprofessional to ask. The examination requires that she touch me in a lot of places, which is more than I get from my wife. While face down on the second visit, she said, "I need to check here real quickly," as she pulled my boxers up to look at my butt cheeks. I could definitely feel a stirring but luckily I wasn't hard enough to show! On the last visit she checked from the bottom up, then grasped the waistband and basically pulled my boxers down - I definitely started firming up that time! I rolled over and she did some thorough checking in the front. I'm pretty sure she got a look at everything this time. Lucky I kept my erection down but I must have looked a bit swollen up during the examination.

Anyway, she continued with the telephone conversation. "There's nothing to worry about, but I was looking at some new research and I, well, found information about a rare form of melanoma that patients with your characteristics may have. I didn't know about it earlier so I didn't look for it, but I'd like to, well, get a second look - I mean, to check specifically for it. I don't think you have it but I'd like to be sure."

"Oh, OK. I know it's hard to schedule an appointment since you're usually booked months in advance. Can you schedule me or should I talk to your staff?" I asked.

"Well, it's hard to say this. I should have read the paper before you were here but I got behind in keeping up with my professional reading. This is embarrassing, actually, but, well, I don't want to let my staff know I missed something. You're actually my only patient with the genetic disposition toward the condition and I'd make a special accommodation just for you. If possible I'd like to see you outside the normal hours, after the office closes."

That did seem odd. But I could understand how she might not want her staff to see her miss something. 

"Oh, that's not a problem. I'm an engineer, a professional like you, so I understand completely." I hoped that would put her at ease. "I work late a few nights a week so just let me know when you're available and I'll be there."

"Oh, thank you Mr. Martin. I really, really appreciate this. It's not like me to miss something so I really appreciate your helping me." Wow, she really sounded relieved. 

"So, could you come in this evening?" she asked. 

"Let me check real quick...calendar's coming up...sure, no problem. When should I come by?" I asked.

"Would six be too late? I can get you right in and do the examination in less than 30 minutes," she said, sounding relieved and, well, something else.

"It's a date; I'll be there at six." I instantly regretted saying that. "I mean, yes, I'll be there at six."

"Sex o'clock then," she said, now sounding a bit - nervous or, excited? And did she say "sex o'clock?" I have to quit having doctor fantasies. "And again, thank you," she said. 

"No problem, I'll see you later" and we hung up.

Well that was a bit weird and as a result, I had doctor fantasies all day. It was hard to concentrate on work. I even started to get a hard-on during one really boring meeting. I was thinking of cancelling the appointment, but I was too intrigued (or horny) not to go. 

Eventually 5:30 came around and it was time to go. I quickly wrapped up what I was doing, left the office and got in my car. It didn't take me long and I arrived a few minutes early. The parking lot was almost completely empty except for one silver Mercedes coupe - no doubt Dr. King's car.

I locked my car and walked to the building. As I turned the corner and headed toward the door, I could see Dr. King waiting for me in the reception area wearing her usual white lab coat. I waved and before I even reached the door she had the door open.

"Thank you for coming on such short notice," she said. She seemed a bit edgy and was scanning the parking lot. "Please, come in."

"I'm just impressed you're going through so much trouble to take care of me."

"No, not at all, it's my mistake and I want to make sure I've done the best for you. Please, follow me."

I asked about the condition that she was concerned about as I followed her to the treatment room. She assured me that she didn't think I had it but she needed to be sure.

"In its earliest stages it's very hard to detect except as a small hard area just below the skin and the slightest discoloration. I'll have to look very closely and, I'll have to do a lot of, well, contact checking."

"It sounds a bit uncomfortable but that's OK. I hope you're able to catch it."

"Well, again, I don't think you have it but you are in a high risk group."

We reached a treatment room and she said, "Mr. Martin, please, in here." I went in and she followed.

"Well, I normally have a female nurse or PA here. It's safer for everyone. Are you comfortable doing this with just me?" she asked hesitantly.

Shrugging my shoulders I said "That's OK if you're alright with it." She nodded, so I said "Great, I'll go ahead and get ready." She suddenly started as if she hadn't been paying attention, and said "Oh yes, I'm sorry. I'll leave and come back here in a few minutes."

"I guess, but to speed things up I can just get ready while you tell me more about the melanoma."

Maybe I was pushing things a bit. I really, really shouldn't be acting on that damn doctor fantasy. But, to my surprise she said "Oh, OK then. As long as it's alright with you."

I emptied my pockets and she indicated an area on the desk where I could put them. Then I took off my shoes and socks, undid my belt and took off my shirt. In no time I was down to my boxers. The whole time she rapidly chatted, like she was nervous. I could catch her taking glimpses of me while I stripped when she thought I wasn't looking. Interesting!

"Should I keep these on?" I asked, indicating the boxers.

She actually flushed, then took a breath and said, "The, the cancer can start anywhere but seems to start in areas that see pressure, like bottom of your feet or where clothing bands are located or where you sit. I'll be checking those areas closely."

Always ready for a quick reply I said, "I sit on my butt all day, if it's going to start anywhere that's the place, so I guess I need to take these off too." 

"If that's OK with you, it'll definitely make the examination easier," she said, seeming to get back her normal composure.

"Well, it'll still take awhile, there's a lot of area back there to see." Putting my thumbs in the waistband of my underwear, I quickly slid them down to the floor. Turning a bit, I bent down and picked them up. As I got up, out of the corner of my eye I could see Dr. King staring at my butt. My penis started to firm up just the slightest amount.

I folded the underwear and put them on the chair with the rest of my clothes, then stood up and faced her. "OK, all ready." She flushed again and averted her eyes nervously, then said, "OK then, well, if you can lay face down on the table, I'll start."

"Are you OK? I'm kind of used to this from the military so I'm not really modest about this stuff anymore. "

"No no, I'm fine" she said smoothly but with a slight brittle edge. 

I sat down on the exam table, the paper crinkling under my bare ass, then rolled over not a minute too soon. I was starting to get an erection and I wanted to hide it before it got too big. I had no idea what I was going to do when I rolled over.

"I'll go ahead and start. Just relax. I'll start by looking closely over your skin. Then I'll have to push pretty hard so let me know if anything hurts or is uncomfortable."

"OK, Dr. King. Thanks."

I could hear her breathing rapidly, which only made my penis harder. Then she touched my back, and I could feel her breath on me as she started a close examination. She checked all over, and at some points I could feel her breath and her sleeve touch me. I spread my legs a bit, thinking this might help the examination. I could actually hear her suck in her breath. She spent quite a bit of time around my feet. I could also hear a rhythmic swishing sound, like cloth being rubbed. I tried hard not to fantasize that she was touching herself! The whole time she usually kept up a nervous banter and I replied as best I could. 

"OK, I've finished the visual examination. I need to check a few areas more closely." She hesitated, took in a breath and said, "If you feel any discomfort, please let me know." 

"Will do," I said.

"I'm going to start with your feet, then move up. I'll try to warn you before I, um, examine any sensitive areas."

"I appreciate that. Thanks." 

She touched the bottom of my feet, pressing pretty hard. Was I just having a damn fantasy? It seemed like she really was doing the examination like she said. Oh crap, how in the hell was I going to explain my erection?

After a few minutes of checking and continuous dialogue, she said she'd finished with my feet and everything was good. 

"I'm going to have to check higher. Just let me know if you're uncomfortable."

"I'll be OK." I replied. I was pretty sure she was going to check my butt next.

I heard her suck in a breath, then say, "I'm about to start." As much as I tried to be ready I still twitched when her hand touched the back of my thigh. I heard her gasp slightly and she pulled her hands away. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to move. I'm good." I said.

"OK, this seems so awkward for me. It must be awkward for you too. We'll get through it. I really appreciate that you came in so quickly." She was talking so rapidly it was almost hard to catch it all! OK, well, it was awkward for both of us.

She resumed her examination, running her hands over my thighs, pushing and squeezing. She may have been looking for cancer but it felt really, really good. She slowly moved up, and she hesitated slightly before moving above my thighs.

The whole time I knew I was getting more and more erect, and was getting uncomfortable lying on my dick. Dr. King's chatter became hesitant and broken as her hands roamed around my rear, pushing and squeezing. Soon she was grabbing two handfuls, squeezing and rubbing. This couldn't be part of the exam, but I sure did like it!

After a few moments she had only one hand on me, and I could hear that rhythmic swishing sound again. Her breathing was ragged as she continued to feel me. Her hand moved up my back, quickly now, not a doctor but more like a lover. Was this my doctor fantasy coming true? I was afraid to ask. What if she really was just doing the exam? I wanted to so badly, but I just couldn't.

I heard her gasp slightly, then she abruptly pulled away her hand. She had trouble speaking, but said, "I, I've finished. With your back. It's all clear." Then she hesitated, catching her breath and said "I'll check, the front, now."

Now it was my turn to be nervous. "Dr. King, I, um, I mean, I know it's, um ..." I wasn't sure how to say this. "OK, this is really embarrassing but I kind of have an erection. Don't be alarmed or anything, it'll go back down, but this has never happened before and I'm really, really embarrassed. Does this ever happen during your examinations?" I asked.

She hesitated again. "That sometimes happens. I, well, just ignore it." Then she hesitated again, and in a tiny voice said "If you're, well, too uncomfortable to continue, we can stop and I can leave so you can get dressed. We've, ah, done that for patients before."

It was now or never. I took a deep breath and said "I guess if you're OK with it, we can just get the examination over with. I mean, you're a doctor and everything so I guess you've, well, you know, seen stuff like this." This was so awkward! "OK, I guess this needs to be done so I'm going to turn over, but this is really embarrassing." 

I rolled over, thankful to get the weight off my erection. It instantly sprang up and stood up rigidly at an angle. I glanced at Dr. King before trying to look elsewhere, but was shocked to see her reaction. She simply stared at my cock!

"Are, are you sure you're OK with this Dr. King?" I asked. "Oh my," she spit out, then caught herself. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that. Yes, I'm OK."

I was still looking away when I felt her fingers touch the head of my penis. In surprise I immediately turned toward Dr. King. She was there standing next to the table, one hand just touching me and the other beneath her lab coat. 

"Carl, please call me Patrice," she said in a low whisper. Then she spilled it all out in a rapid ramble, "I just, I see you once a year and I think about you for months. That, that doesn't happen with any of my other patients. You're so funny and all the staff just love to talk with you. I do..." 

Then she stopped for a second, and a look of panic crossed her face. Before I could speak she continued. "My husband isn't interested in me anymore." Then, in a very low voice, she said "Maybe, maybe you're not either. Carl, Mr. Martin, I, I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have done this. This isn't proper or appropriate for a doctor to put her patients in such a position." She hung her head down after speaking.

I reached up and, pulling her hands away, gently touched her face. "Dr. King, sorry, Patrice, I've felt the same about you. I just enjoy talking to you and, I really think you're pretty." Now I started talking fast, trying to get it all out before I lost my nerve. "I've had fantasies about this since I first saw you three years ago. I've been fighting this," I said, pointing at my erection, "all day. I was afraid to act on that, but, you're so beautiful. I can't help myself." 

She looked up with her grey eyes and just said, "Thank you. My husband never tells me I'm pretty anymore. He never really even talks to me. That's why I like seeing you."

We were silent for a moment. I was still touching her, still not believing that I was actually doing it. "Patrice, your touch feels so good, I'm so glad to finally touch you. Your skin is so soft," I told her as I stroked her cheek and neck. She shivered under my touch and looked away. 

I reached down with my other hand and, gently grasped her hand, moved it to my penis. She looked up at me as her hand made contact, but the touch sent shivers through me and I involuntarily shut my eyes and gasped. I opened my eyes again to see her looking at me, a fragile smile on her beautiful face. 

"I, I can't believe I'm doing this," she said, as she began stroking my cock. Her other hand had never left from beneath her lab coat, in the area between her legs, and I could see her hand moving in circles. 

Hesitantly she said, "Can I kiss it?" I didn't get it for a second, then I said "Oh yes, I'd like that." 

She leaned down, then stopped and said "I've never done this before and I'm not really sure what to do. Can you help me?"

"I'm not really sure what to do either. My wife never does that. I think just put your lips on me, then slide it in. I'm sure anything you do will be incredible." I couldn't believe this was happening!

She looked down, then bent over and gingerly touched my penis head with her lips. My erection twitched and strained even further. With a start she popped up, eyes wide with surprise. "Oh my!" she exclaimed.

I looked into her beautiful, wide open grey eyes. "I'm sorry, it's involuntary. I told you anything you do will be amazing." 

"No, I'm sorry, I was just startled. I'm going to do it again. Oh god, I feel so - naughty. I can't believe I'm doing this!" 

I watched as she bent over, her red lips touching my straining manhood. In a second, she'd parted her lips and slid over me, my cock entering her mouth. I couldn't help but shiver and moan. In seconds she'd figured it out, using her tongue to stroke me as she bobbed up and down.

I reached out and touched her hip. "Can you move a little closer to me?" I asked. Although this hid the magnificent view of her face, I was now able to reach her. 

Touching her rear through her clothes, I was surprised to find that she appeared to only be wearing her lab coat from the waist down. 

Understanding what I was doing, she pulled her lab coat above her waist, revealing her body to me. I gazed on her as I touched her. Her cheeks were narrow, as I expected, but well shaped and firm. Her legs were thin in keeping with the tall, thin figure I had correctly guessed was beneath her lab coat. 

I gently touched her lower back and hips, then traced downward to her thighs. Teasing, I ran my hand just under her cheeks before dropping down again. When I finally touched her cheeks she quivered and moaned. She was overwhelming me, everything I'd fantasized about!

Her oral sex skills rapidly improved as I moved my hand along the cleft of her cheeks and between her thighs. She fairly jumped as my hand reached the lowest part of her labia. She stretched closer to me and parted her legs to give me more access as my fingers explored her most private parts. It didn't take long before her labia swelled. 

I penetrated further and could feel how moist she already was, the hot slickness of her vulva and the heat boiling from within. With one finger I gently slid further into her, entering her vagina. She started bucking as my finger moved inside her wet, hot slit, working it back and forth across her g-spot. The wet slurping noise of my exploration now joined the wet noises from her lips as she continued to bob up and down on my rock hard penis.

I had an idea, so I slipped off my glasses and threw them somewhere on the table above my head. "Patrice," I whispered urgently, "swing your legs on the table and straddle my head. I want to pleasure you like you're pleasuring me." She got my meaning immediately, and with clumsy urgency she popped up on the table, her left knee bashing my face in her haste. Helping her I was able to position my face between her thighs. We were a perfect fit, almost the same body length. The whole time she never stopped sucking my penis. I was soon rewarded with a beautiful site - her moist slit nestled between her thighs and covered by a thick matt of dark brown hair.
