 "Wait just a minute", she called through the door. "I'm just slipping into something more comfortable, darling." She rolled the 'r', making it long and sexy, as well as a little amusing.

The door in front of Nord's face seemed a tedious obstacle. Carefully and quietly, he pushed it open; luckily the bed's occupant was facing away from him.

"I'm ready", she called.

"I hope you are."

A gasp from Elena, coupled with her turning round and breaking into a sexy grin; a satisfying reaction, Nord thought.

Elena knelt on the bed, giggling, beckoning Nord towards her; she wiggled her delightful little ass as he approached her. The pink teddy he had bought her looked even better on her now than it did when she had flashed him in it in the store earlier that day, and that had given him an iron bar of an erection for every moment of the rest of the afternoon when she was within reach.

This fuck was payback; she always agreed with Nord's rule that teasing in any amount was fine, just as long as it resulted in some hot fucking to make good on it. It doubled Elena's pleasure in sex by allowing her to enjoy her sexual power every minute of the day, instead of just half an hour each night, and this only made her more willing and able to pay her dues.

Nord reached her and lifted her bodily to him to kiss. Her tiny frame clung to his rather more massive one; her breasts pressed against his naked chest through the fabric electrified his senses. He felt down her back and under the hem of the garment, reaching for her ass-cheek to pull her towards him. His hand made contact; squeezing hard he lifted her all the way to his mouth and pushed it open with his tongue.

She squealed to feel her soft ass-cheek mauled in this way, but accepted his tongue, welcoming it with her own. Her hands reached up around Nord's neck, digging into the knotted muscles of his shoulders as she lifted herself, pressing her breasts hard into his chest. She knew how much it turned him on when she did that. Nord often told her how much he loved when her erect nipples poked at his chest or his mouth.

Her hands grabbed lustfully at his hair as his other hand gripped her waist. Standing a little more, he hoisted her into the air, holding her over his arms. He cradled her ass with one hand as he lifted her all the way into the air, still tonguing her mouth with as much intensity as before. Seating himself on the edge of the bed, her laid her face down over his powerful thighs. Muffled squeaks of protest, however mild, penetrated the pillow.

Elena lifted her head up just enough to ask what she'd done.

"You've been naughty, and it's my intention... no, duty, to spank that delightful little ass of yours until you are suitably punished."

"Have I been bad?" she enquired in a voice which conjured up images of a hot young girl sucking on a lollipop in a manner which suggested that she really, really liked the taste.

"You know you've been..."

His right hand fell onto her ass with a resounding smack, causing her delicious ass to ripple, and her mouth to emit a gasp from the shock.

"...bad. You're a naughty little..."

His hand fell again on the other cheek, harder this time. She gasped, and moaned a little.

"...cock-teasing slut. And so I'm going to take my cock and shove it into your tight little pussy."

Elena wiggled her ass invitingly, and with one hand felt underneath herself to massage his stiffening cock. It grew in her hand, pushing into her palm.

"Smack my ass!"

Nord obliged, and continued to tell her how much he was looking forward to ramming his cock inside her tight little pussy. He smacked her a few more times, crossing his hand from one cheek of her ass to the other.

Apparently finished, he pushed his right hand down between her legs, feeling the heat of her arousal as he slid his hand underneath her ass and onto her pussy. She moaned and bucked slightly against the hand. Nord obliged her by pushing his middle finger inside of her. She moaned hard, and rocked her pelvis onto his finger.

"Feel how wet I am for you?" Elena murmured.

Nord answered by lifting her off him and onto the bed, pulling her knees up so her ass was waving invitingly at him.

"I like this." she growled, her voice sweet and inviting.

Nord knelt behind her; she reached between her legs, eagerly grabbing his cock and guiding it to the entrance to her pussy.

Nord pushed the head of his cock into her; she gasped a little.

"More?" he asked.

Without waiting for a reply, he thrust forward hard. She gasped much harder, as if the breath had been forced out of her. She moaned hard, and begged him to fuck her. He withdrew his cock so only the tip of his cock was touching her pussy lips, and then fucked into her harder than before. He pumped into her, hearing her start to moan with every stroke as he increased the pace. Her pussy juice slicked out onto his balls and the inside of her thighs.

The slapping of his thighs against ass intensified Nord's effort, as did the feeling of Elena's tight pussy yielding to his raging cock. He thrusted extra hard and was felt his cock twitch happily as it felt the resistance of the back of her pussy.

Elena gasped with the pleasure of being completely filled by his cock. She intensified the motion of her hips, pushing back to meet his every thrust. She supported herself with one hand, and with the other began fingering her clit and encouraging Nord to greater efforts.

Nord began kneading her ass with his hands, sliding them up until they were on her hips. He then started pulling her onto him to allow for a faster fuck, which met with approval from his willing slut.

They carried on, which Elena's breath coming ever more interrupted with moans in time with the thrusts of Nord's long cock into her pussy. She masturbated herself harder, pushing her ass back at him to intensify the feeling.

"I'm gonna... cum" she gasped between breaths.

Nord was close too, and was brought closer when she brought her other hand back to tug at his balls. As Elena started to shake as she came hard on his cock, Nord lost control and spurted his cum deep inside Elena's pussy. He arched his back and squeezed her waist. Pumping in and out of her a few last times, he sprayed the inside of her pussy with his cum, and relaxed himself so he lay along her back and kissed her neck while recovering his breath.

She stayed where she was, with her hands now pulling him into her; she loved the feeling of his cock in her after he'd just cum inside her. He stroked his hands up and down her back, loving the beauty he saw and how good he felt.

They collapsed next to each other on the bed, spooning. They didn't speak, just lay there enjoying what they'd done, and drifted into sleep. After a great fuck which they'd both been wanting for hours, they were spent for now.