 After I sold my business I tried to do the whole "retired" thing, but I soon realized that I'm the kind of guy who has to have something to do. Like most guys, I like to fish and golf occasionally, but doing it every day for the next twenty years, hell, just the idea is pure torture. When I found out I could enroll in a local university as a "mature student" -- code for "we're happy to take your money even though you haven't been to school for decades" -- I jumped at the chance. The funny thing is, even though I didn't spend much time golfing, I still managed to get a hole in one -- actually, more than one! 

This is my story.

The class was a one-year, on-campus experience that was supposed to be ridiculously difficult. Since I've always been a bit of a workaholic I found the scheduled school days -- Tuesday to Friday, 11am to 4pm -- weren't particularly grueling. The program was interesting and most of the instructors were tolerable. One of them in particular was amazing: she'd been a gold medalist when she was a teen and had managed to keep her athletic build well into her 40s; legs up to her chin and an ass that would make a Victoria's Secret model cry. I managed to teach her a thing or two, but that's another story.

Being that this was a progressive university, the class ranged from a few other "mature" students to these teen-dreams just entering their 20s. The class was 70/30 female to male, and for the most part, all of the girls were hard 8s or better. If this is what higher education is like, I'm a fool for waiting so long to participate.

Anyways, I got along well with most of the folks in the class and enjoyed working with pretty much all of them. Group assignments were the norm, so when I was assigned to work with Jessie and Sadie I was looking forward to the experience as well as the high grade -- these were two bright little bunnies.

My wife had gone home to help her mom for a few months, which made it easy to designate my house as our group's official meeting place. After a few nights of good food and great drinks, we'd all become very comfortable with each other; lots of innocent flirting, accidental touching, and general laughter. And people say academia is difficult!

A quick bit about the girls. 

Sadie was just over 21 and, without exaggeration, she could have been a model. Blonde, lithe, and beautiful with a smile that seemed to always be on and a body that was simply heavenly. 34c and a little bubble butt. Gorgeous. She was staying in my city for the duration of the program, her plan being to return to Florida after she completed her degree.

Jessie was more emo, but not overboard with it. Her pale skin and red hair were accentuated by her black clothing. No matter what we were doing, she was wearing black. Even her lipstick was black. While she wasn't as curvy as Sadie, she had these intense green eyes that locked on to you and made you think of every sexual position you've ever been in, thought of, or saw on the internet. Simply amazing. 

One of the final parts of our group project required an outdoor scene, so we picked a sunny day and organized the shoot. The girls had scripted everything and I was in charge of obtaining the technical components. Once I had the cameras set up, we started filming. To ensure each of us got experience on both sides of the camera, two people would be in the scene and the odd one out was in charge of shooting it. 

Things started to warm up during my scene with Sadie. I was supposed to lift her off her feet and twirl her around. Being that she's maybe 100lbs, this wasn't too much of a challenge. The only problem was that Jessie wanted to shoot the scene a dozen different ways, but I guess I can't complain, because this meant I had Sadie squirming all over me. Accidental boob contact, ass grabbing, and general skin to skin connecting. I soon realized she was ticklish, and when I was grabbing her around the waist to pick her up I'd give her ribs a little poke to feel her wriggle. I had to stop when the effect on me was becoming apparent -- I didn't want the scene to be ruined because I had a raging boner. As Sadie slid down and off me after the final take, I know she noticed my little problem because she gave it a little squeeze with a hellacious smile and a twinkle in her eye.

I couldn't believe what was happening and when I looked to see if Jessie had seen, the shit-eating grin on her face let me know that maybe things weren't as accidental as I'd assumed. I was looking forward to seeing how the day would play out.

Sadie took my hand and we started back towards Jessie, but she tripped on the hem of her sundress and ended up falling. She'd caught me off balance as well, and managed to pull me down with her. Luckily I didn't fall on her, but we rolled on the grass and before I knew it she was sitting on my chest, pinning my arms above my head. Apparently she'd done judo as a kid and man was she fast. Since her arms were much shorter than mine, this position put her nearly face to face with me and I could feel her hot breath on my face as I looked into her blue eyes. She bent forward and kissed me, teasing my tongue to play with hers. It'd been over thirty years since I'd had a twenty-year-old tongue in my mouth, but the feeling had the same effect as it did back then, and I lay there letting her take what she wanted.

Sadie was wearing a summer dress with a long skirt part (forgive me, I'm a guy and not sure what the bottom part of a dress is called), and as she straddled me it hid her gorgeous legs as well as most of my midsection. My shirt had ridden up in our tumble and I felt her grinding against my bare skin, her trimmed pussy pushing against my belly. I could feel her squishing against me, her wetness leaving trails across my torso. As our tongues danced I slipped a hand under the hem of her dress and brought it to the source of the wetness. I pressed my thumb against her clit and heard her whimper as I made contact. I looked around to see if anyone could see what we were doing, and saw no one but Jessie who was behind the camera, still filming us, with one hand on the equipment and the other between her legs. I smiled at her and she flashed a wicked grin back to me. I told her to keep her eye out for anyone, and then I wiggled under Sadie's dress so I could get a taste of that juicy pussy.

It was magnificent -- so hot, so wet, and so...creamy. Hands down the best pussy I've ever tasted, and I had to see just how wet it could get. I licked her swollen clit and I ran a finger against her labia. Sadie wiggled as I slipped a finger insider her, pushing herself up on her knees to give me better access. I licked, sucked, and nibbled at her sensitive button and snuck a second finger inside her. She was so tight that I could barely move them at first, but things loosened up and I managed to find a good rhythm, thrusting them into her and rubbing against her G-spot. It wasn't long until I felt her tense for a moment, and then my face was covered with her juices. She had fallen forward and now rested on her hands and knees, quivering and trembling as the aftershocks rocked through her.

I heard Jesse say, "Holy fuck, that was hot, but now it's my turn!"

She came to me and we kissed, and then she was licking Sadie's wetness off my face, neck, and chest. I felt her hand slide down my chest and past my belt buckle, and she stroked me through the fabric of my shorts. 

"Oh God," I moaned. "We can't do this here. Let's go back to my place and do this right." I told the girls. I'm not sure where my self-restraint came from, but it was probably rooted in my fear of being arrested. This was a very public park, and while we were in a section that offered some protection due to the massive hedge, the place was overrun with families. Had it been later in the evening, I would have mounted both girls under the stars, but as it was just past lunchtime, we were better off taking a quick break.

We threw the equipment in the back of my truck and the three of us jumped in the front seat. Jessie flipped up the console to sit between Sadie and me. I drove like a madman, partially because I was in a hurry but also because Jessie had undone my fly and let my cock spring free. She was stroking me with one hand as she kissed Sadie. We made the 10 minute drive in just over 5 minutes, and as the garage door was closing Jessie flipped her hair over her shoulder and dove face first into my lap.

The feeling of this young mouth against my old cock was incredible. I'd never been with anyone with a tongue stud before, and you'll never again hear me complain about the sound it makes when it clacks against someone's teeth. The little metal ball felt exquisite as she ran it up and down my shaft, her little hand unable to completely circle my throbbing dick. 

"Jesus Jess -- I'm gonna cum," I said.

She responded with a groan of pleasure and that's when I noticed that Sadie was rubbing Jessie's twat through her dark leggings, while her other hand was creating squishy noises between her own legs. 

The smell of the new leather in my truck, the perfume and body oil of the girls, and the lingering aroma of sex in the air pushed me beyond my limits as I felt my orgasm near. Jessie kept sucking and teasing me with that talented tongue as she buried her nose in my pubic hair, taking all of me down her throat. A moment later I exploded and she swallowed every drop. When she sat up, her black lipstick was all over her mouth and she licked away a little bit of cum that tried to escape her lips.

"You going to be ok, old man?" asked Sadie, her eyes twinkling despite the evil grin.

"Yeah, just gimme a minute. I just need to catch my breath." I replied weakly.

They barely gave me thirty seconds and then the two jumped out of the truck to head into the house. I followed them along like a little puppy dog as they headed towards the master bedroom, where they discovered the luxury shower my wife and I had installed a few years ago. 

"I'm covered in grass and dirt, so maybe I should get clean before we get dirty. Anyone wanna join me?" asked Jessie. 

Without saying a word, Sadie wriggled out of her dress and dropped it on the floor. I grabbed the girls a pair of towels and went back to the truck to grab the camera gear. I knew I'd need a bit of time before I'd be able to go again, and I wanted to savor this memory for the rest of my life. I set up the tripod to catch the action in the shower, and sat down to enjoy the show. They both smiled for me and the camera; two gorgeous women, naked and happy. It was a spectacular sight to see.

Jessie entered the stall and turned on the water. It's one of those spa-style showers, so there are a bunch of jets and streams to choose from. She turned on the overhead spray while Sadie grabbed the soap and started lathering up. With her hands covered in bubbles, she moved towards Jessie and started caressing her gorgeous body. Their lips came together as the hot water poured over them. As they embraced, Jessie's hands explored Sadie's curves. I watched as she delicately massaged the blonde girl's tiny nipples before sliding her hand down the slick skin of Sadie's tight tummy to the light patch below. I heard Sadie gasp as Jessie's fingers entered her, and she arched her back and braced herself against the tiled wall. I watched as Jessie teased Sadie, her left hand massaging Sadie's clit, while her right fingers slid inside her. I could hear Sadie's moans over the sound of the streaming water, and smell her lovely musk on the bed of steam. 

The water coursed over Jessie as she kissed her way down Sadie's body, stopping to taste the beautiful pink nipples while continuing to gently stroke her. Sadie's hands came up to Jessie's hair, and she softly urged her down, silently commanding her to continue. When Jessie's nose reached the blonde mound of bush, I saw her tongue dive into Sadie and heard Jess squeal with delight. I was hard as a rock again, but focused on making sure everything was caught on camera. 

Sadie's hands ran over Jessie's body while she licked and sucked, and Jessie continued to massage the ginger's scalp, urging her to continue with her soft sighs and heavy breathing. I could see that Sadie was nearing orgasm, and I zoomed in to catch her face as the waves of passion took over. Jessie continued to tease and lick, and soon Sadie was bucking and thrashing, grinding herself into Jessie's face. She continued to ride Jessie's face as the orgasms raced through her supple body, and then finally broke away to stand and kiss her. The girls were panting from exertion and excitement, and the hot water continued to stream over them. After a few moments, Sadie got an evil smirk and turned Jessie around, facing her towards the shower wall, guiding her to arch her back so her ass was pointed to me and the camera. Sadie grabbed the hand-showerhead and tested the water temperature before turning it onto Jessie. She traced the outline of the pale girl's body with the stream of water, and then maneuvered it between her legs. Jessie jumped as the stream pulsed against her bare pussy, but I saw her spread her legs wider so she could let the pulsing stream hit just the right spot. The two girls looked at the camera, and then back to each other before moving in for another deep kiss. Sadie held the showerhead in place while Jessie enjoyed the water pressure. In a few minutes, she was tensing up as the orgasm built momentum, and as soon as Jess's fingers found Sadie's nipples, the ginger began to cum, rocking her hips against the steady stream. 

The three of us were quiet, the only sound coming from the stream of the shower. Sadie turned off the shower heads and I grabbed the fluffy towels and moved towards the dripping wet beauties. I opened the towel and embraced Sadie within its warmth, patting her dry and loving the feeling of the terry cloth against her soft skin and hard body. She pulled me closer and gave me a deep kiss.

"You still have a bit of gas in the tank, old man?" 

I took her hand in response, and placed it on the bulge in my jeans. I was harder than I've ever been in my life, and ready to please these two ladies or die trying. 

I gave Sadie another towel so she could dry her hair, and then moved towards Jessie to rub her down. She was still trembling from the recent orgasm, and I laughed as she jumped whenever I brushed against any of her sensitive areas -- which were just about everywhere. She grabbed a towel and swirled it around her hair in that magical turban that only girls know how to do, and then I took the two ladies by their hands and guided them into the bedroom. 

Once we arrived at the foot of the bed, the two girls worked together to remove my clothes. I just about cried in relief when my cock was able to spring clear of the denim prison of my jeans. I was so hard it actually hurt -- and I felt a bit of nostalgia for my teen years, when I was this hard more often than not.

Sadie pushed me to the edge of the bed and urged me to lie on my back. She gave me a deep kiss as she fondled my package, and then slid her little body until her knees were next to my head. She swung one leg over and gave me the most delicious view of her tight pussy. This was the second time I'd been offered this tasty treat, and now that we were in the privacy of my bedroom I wanted to enjoy the moment. I ran my tongue along her labia, enjoying the tender folds and delicious wetness. After a moment I moved up to her clit and started sucking on it for just a bit, and then returned my focus to her lips before moving my attention down towards her pink rosebud. I felt her wriggle as I moved closer to what my wife has always called a "forbidden area", and I waited for her to tell me to stop. When that didn't happen, I traced along her taint and licked around her pinkness. I felt her shudder and let out a little squeal of delight, making me smile. I grabbed her ass cheeks and gently spread them apart so I could go deeper and push against that little hole. I teased her rosebud with my tongue and waited for her to relax enough to slide it inside. 

While I was eating Sadie's ass, Jessie had me deep in her mouth. I could feel her tongue sliding up and down my shaft as she bobbed, and I was doing everything in my power to remain focused on pleasuring Sadie. 

I continued to lick and tease Sadie, and then moved my hand so my thumb rested against her clit. As I gently massaged her, I felt her clench against me, and I knew I'd hit the jackpot. Sadie screamed as the orgasm raced through her, and a moment later I was drenched in her juices. She was literally dripping, so being that I'm a gentleman, I licked up every last drop. 

Jessie stopped sucking me to watch the orgasm course through Sadie, and when the blonde finally stopped trembling, Jess wiggled her way on top of me, straddled my hips, and lowered herself onto my throbbing cock. I can't describe how good it felt to have her tight body engulf my aching cock. I could feel every muscle inside her as it caressed my sensitive skin, and then she began to rock back and forth, moving her body so I was exactly where she wanted me. My hips moved in rhythm with her, and it wasn't long before we were in perfect stride. Every so often, she'd slide up so that the head of my cock was just barely inside her, and then she'd slide back down, teasing me with this incredible change of pace. While I pushed as deep as I could go, Sadie played with Jessie's nipples. 

As Jessie rode me and Sadie licked and teased her nipples I massaged her clit with my thumb. This slowed her down, but moved her closer to orgasm. I kept my time matched perfectly to hers, gently massaging her as best I could. She continued to rock and I could hear as she was nearing orgasm; her breath speeding up, her moans getting louder, and a light bead of sweat all over her tight, young body. It wasn't long until she was spasming and shuddering while impaled on my still hard cock, and I let her ride it out until she collapsed onto me.

"Fuck man, that feels so good."

I still had a bit of energy -- trust me, I'm more surprised than you are -- so I repositioned the girls so I could finish in Sadie' sweet little pussy. I turned Sadie around so she was on her knees, and lay Jessie down in front of her so she could lick the ginger's pussy while I was drilling from behind. Sadie licked and played with Jessie, and I moved my swollen cock to her eager lips. I gently pressed against her tender flesh, her warmth urging me to thrust deeper, but I held off and ever so slowly slid into her. I doubted I'd ever have the chance to feel this again, so I wanted to enjoy every second. As my head disappeared into Sadie, I heard her moan from between Jessie's legs. I inched myself into her, the hot warmth embracing my cock and sending shivers down my spine. Sadie stared to push back, trying to make me go deeper, but I moved my hips back, gently teasing but staying inside her. I moved back just a bit, letting the head of my cock rest against her full lips, and then I slid it up and down the length of her pussy, feeling the soft and puffy folds against my sensitive glans. It felt incredible -- not gonna lie, best pussy I've ever had. 

"Fuck me with that thick cock," she begged.

I've always made it my goal to satisfy, so I slammed deep inside her, feeling my balls swing against her thighs as I hit bottom. The velocity caused her to gasp, and I slowly pulled back while she inhaled. I started rocking my hips and getting a rhythm while she matched me stroke for stroke. She was still licking Jessie and I could feel the pressure building. I knew I was moments away from exploding. 

"I'm gonna cum, Sadie." I said

She reached behind us and grabbed my ass, driving me into her. I felt her nails dig deep into my cheeks, and that was enough to send me over the edge. I unloaded inside her and felt her buck as the jets shot out of me. As I finished my final thrust, I felt her shudder and heard her cry, another orgasm racing through her, but she never stopped licking Sadie, who had her by the hair and was pushing her face into her delicious pussy. Seconds later, and Jessie was crying out as well, and then the three of us fell in a sweaty, tangled heap on the bed. The last thing I remember was looking at their lovely faces -- Jessie's white complexion blotchy with the exertion, and Sadie's supple skin shiny with perspiration and satisfaction. The three of us curled up together, fluids and sweat everywhere, and we drifted off to sleep -- spent but satisfied.
