 His eyes moved over her. The 6 inch heels of her black leather bondage style shoes, her long bronzed legs, the black crotchless french knickers which her bush less juicy cunt peeped out of, her big round tits that spilled out of her half cup bra. His cock was straining to stay in his pants.

"Sit down," she commanded.

She locked the door he had just entered then moved towards him. She dropped the key on the floor in front of him, turning round so her back was to him she bent over and picked it up revealing her pussy and her tight pink ass hole through the hole in her panties. He swallowed hard, he wanted to reach out and touch her, she was teasing him.

She stood up and straddled him, pushing her mound into his erection visible through his pants. He opened his mouth to speak but before the words could escape him she covered his mouth with her hand and stopped him. She pushed her finger into her cunt and moaned, she withdrew it and rubbed it across his lips so he could taste her. He licked his lips hungrily and bit her finger. She stood up and pulled his t-shirt over his head then removed her bra. She used her bra to tie his hands behind his back, she wanted to restrain him so she had him exactly where she wanted him. 

She bent over showing him her glistening wet cunt as she took off his shoes and then pulled down his pants and underwear. His cock was large and throbbing, she licked it from the base to the tip and he moaned, her tongue felt amazing on his twitching tool. She looked straight into his eyes as she spat on his shaft, her hand massaging her saliva into his shaft and her hand slid down him. She continued spitting on him until his cock was well lubricated then she took the head in her mouth and sucked it hard and fast while her hand encircled and wanked him. 

His legs were shaking and his eyes fixed on hers as she continued to watch him writhe in delight. 

"You are a dirty slut!" he said between gritted teeth as he tried to stop himself from cuming.

She gave him a naughty grin and spat on his rock hard cock again as her hand carried on wanking him, pushing him closer towards his climax with every stroke. She took his balls in her mouth and sucked and teased them with her tongue. He wanted to grab her hair but with his hands tied up he was helpless and could do nothing but sit and enjoy her taking control. He closed his eyes and let his head drop backwards as he felt himself start to peak, as he did he felt her hot probing tongue on his ass hole. He growled with pleasure as he came and she quickly moved her mouth back to his shaft so she could taste his hot milky semen. 

His legs twitched as she licked up every last drop of his cum, her mouth greedy for the salty sweet liquid. When she was finished she commanded him to stand up and took his tied hands in hers, she walked behind him guiding him to her bedroom. She pushed him onto the bed and he lay on his back as she straddled his face, her hot wet cunt visible through the crotch less panties.

"Eat me," She commanded in a sluttish voice.

He grinned at her and he pushed his tongue into her swollen lips. She tasted sweet like honey and he lapped up her juices as he pushed his tongue over her ripe clitoris, she gasped and pushed her cunt further into his face. He pushed his tongue as far up her opening as he could and her hips started to buck as he fucked her with his mouth. She started to moan uncontrollably and she was panting as he felt her thighs tighten around his head, she was cuming. He worked his tongue hard over her clit until he felt her hips stop rocking back and forth. She moved off his wet face covered in her pussy juice, she licked it off him and kissed him, his tongue probing her mouth both of them tasting her cunt.

She untied his hands and he pinned her down on the bed, "You filthy bitch, kneel on all fours and spread you legs," he spat at her. 

She did as she was told, her pussy tingling at the thought of his cock which was now standing to attention once more. 

She felt his tongue lick its way across her buttock to her pink starfish, he pushed his tongue as far into the tight hole as was possible and she pushed against him as she gasped. He spat on her ass letting his saliva run down her crack making her wetter and wetter, she closed her eyes as she felt the liquid running over her ass. He eased his cock into her pulling her arse cheeks apart so he had the perfect view of his shaft entering her tight hole. She panted hard and her body tingled at the feeling of pleasure and pain she was getting from his large length stretching her ass.

He took a few more gentle strokes until he started to build up a rhythm then gradually started to speed up and plunge into her a little harder. She gripped the bed clothes as she relaxed and took in the feeling of ecstasy each time he pushed into her. He took it steady for a few minutes longer savouring the feeling her tight cunt was giving his throbbing cock.

He slapped her arse cheek, "I'm gonna fuck you so hard, you naughty slag," he snarled at her, "I want to hear you scream." 

He grabbed her hips and started to pound her hard, his cock pulsing with pleasure. He thrust harder and harder until she scream out, his eyes moving back to the now red hole, his cock slamming in and out of it. She threw her head back and her screams became louder and more frequent, he saw her hand move to her cunt and she started to rub her clit frantically. 

"Are you gonna cum slut?!" he shouted at her.

"Yes!!" she screamed.

He breathing became hard and her screams turned to moans as her orgasm took over her body. Her ass tightening and then relaxing against his cock pushed him closer and he knew he couldn't hold off much longer. His cock felt like it was going to explode in her ass, he closed his eyes for a moment to concentrate on holding off for a little longer. When he opened them her hands were pulling her ass cheeks apart.

"Look at my ass, I've never been fucked so hard before you dirty bastard," she moaned. "I want you to fill my tight hole with your hot spunk... I want to feel it dripping down my legs when you pull out," she begged.

Hearing her he felt his cock erupt and his cum shoot inside her, covering her opening and inside her with his semen. He pumped into her for as long as he could and then he pulled out, letting his cum drip down her legs as she'd asked. He slapped her ass hard leaving a big red hand print, she was a very, very naughty girl.