 Tonight I get to go out with the girls and we are going hunting. You see, every now and again, we just want to go and have a bit of fun. The plan is to get dressed up a bit and head out to a bar for a few drinks, then maybe to a club for some dancing. If we each find a guy, great, we get lucky. If not, well, we’ve always got our hands to keep us company when we go to bed.

I get dressed up in a little red plaid skirt with a tight black shirt. I’ve got on a pair of white knee-highs and black mary janes. Oh yes, and I have my pigtails tonight. Tonight I am feeling especially naughty, so much so that I do not bother with panties and if I bend just right, someone could see the bottom curve of my ass. I get all my make-up done and then grab my purse to leave. I meet up with the other girls at the bar. I get a few looks from my outfit, but hey, it’s me and they know I’m kinda wild like that.

We all order a drink and give our toast to finding action that night. This has become one of our little traditions. In addition to our drink, we each give the others one deep kiss. It just sets the mood for the night, not to mention it grabs the attention of every man in the bar. Besides, if we end up alone that night, at least we can say we got some kisses. After our “set-up”, we start to scope out the bar. There is a jukebox with some horrid music playing and there are a lot of guys wandering around. Not too many girls, but hey, that just means less competition. I wander over to the jukebox and start looking for music that interests me. I’m looking for something a little dark and definitely heavy. I am thankful that it’s one of the newer styles where you can get songs from the Internet. That way I can pick things I am truly into since they don’t really play them on the top 40. I pick out a mixture that pleases me and walk back to the table with the other girls.

One of them has already wandered off and is talking with a cute gentleman. I talk a bit with the others as I look around for someone I might want to talk with. A few grab my attention, but then I see one that completely slams me against the wall. He’s playing pool and drinking a beer. He’s leaned over the table, getting ready to take his shot and just then he looks up and I see his eyes. They are the most amazing green I have ever seen, and even better than that, he’s got long, straight dark hair. I am almost drooling at the sight of him. As he looks up, I shyly look away. Ah yes, the game has begun. I look back a moment later and he is leaned against the wall waiting for his next turn at the table. I can see that he is looking in my direction. I smile a quick smirk to him and wink. He smiles back and also gives a quick little wink.

I talk with my friends a moment again and tell them I am going to wander over to my new prey. They all laugh a little at that and tell me to behave. I ask them “when do I EVER behave?”. I start to walk over to my mystery man as he prepares to take his next shot. As he leans over the table again, I get a better look at his ass. Mmmm, tasty, I think to myself. He finishes his shot and stands upright. I realize now that I am next to him that he must be at least 6’4” tall. Ah, the tall ones, how they please me so. He looks at me and says hello. His voice is deep and succulent. I could listen to him all night as he whispered naughty things into my ear. I say hi and ask him if he would like to buy me a drink. He responds that he doesn’t really work like that and I give him a little pout. Oh, please won’t you buy me just one drink, I ask. After a bit, he gives in and gets me a shot of tequila. I drink it down and get a nice little smile on my face as I feel it warm me as it goes down. It does not yet match the warmth that is rising under my skirt, but it feels good all the same. We talk just a bit, not really about anything important. After a while, I stroll back over to my friends and he returns to his game of pool.

I then go to “powder my nose” and shortly after entering the restroom, I hear the door open. It’s one of my friends. We talk a moment and as she heads out the door, I tell her I will be out in a moment. I am washing my hands and as I am heading towards the door, it opens again. This time, it is not one of my friends. In fact, it’s not a woman at all. This time, it is my luscious brunette with the green eyes. I can feel a slight blush rise at the sight of him. He comes into the restroom and almost immediately his hands are on my ass, finding their way under my skirt as his mouth clamps down onto mine and his tongue slides in easily. He is pushing me backwards as he continues to move in on me. I end up with my back against the wall and one of his hands has moved from my ass to my warm, bare mound. He stops kissing me and leans into my ear to tell me how he had noticed I was not wearing any panties while I was over talking with my friends and he just had to know how I felt. I asked him if he was pleased by what his fingers were telling him, for now he was beginning to push three inside of me as his thumb brushed against my clit. He said that yes, he was quite pleased, that a shaved girl did wonders for him, especially one as naughty as I was. I giggled a bit and he bit into my neck. 

I asked him what he wanted with me and he replied by moving us into one of the stalls and closing the door behind him. No words were spoken, just a lot of hands and mouths as we groped, bit, fondled, kissed and licked each other. He had removed my shirt and was playing with my breasts while they were still in my bra. I had removed his shirt and was biting at the tattoos he had on his arms. I had also undone his pants and felt the massive bulge beneath. We continued to grab at each other, his hand still under my skirt and playing with me. I whispered into his ear that I wanted him to fuck me like the naughty little bitch I was. His response was quick and was not in the form of words. He dropped his pants and boxers around his ankles, grabbed me and pushed me up against the stall door. He pushed his rock hard cock into my wet and waiting pussy. He penetrated me quick and hard as he cradled my ass in his hands. I had wrapped my legs around him as he moved into me. I wanted him to be in control and allowed him to fuck me and use me like a little whore. I moaned as he thrust into me and he whispered that he liked fucking naughty girls. He liked to fuck them like they were little sluts. As his dirty words hit me, I felt great pleasure. He continued thrusting into me, still holding me up against the stall door the whole time. I was bouncing on his cock and could feel my pigtails as they bounced along with me. His strong hands were grasping my ass tightly and I could feel them grab harder as he would thrust inward. He told me that he was going to fuck me and come inside of me, he said that was what a naughty little bitch like me wanted. He said he was going to come until it dripped out of me and ran down my legs. He fucked me and fucked me. It went on for what seemed like an hour, but I could not imagine it would have been that long. How could he hold me up for so long?

I was almost to the point of reaching my climax and I spoke out to him that this dirty little bitch was close to spraying her juices all over his cock. With that, he fucked even harder and faster. He fucked me as my head began hitting the stall door. I knew that tomorrow I would have bruises from this little excursion. I began to feel everything seize as I began leaking my creamy fluid out onto his cock. He kept at me until he came as well. It was a forceful orgasm and he slammed me into the door a few times as he finished. He held me there a moment longer, then pulled out and let me down. 

As soon as I was free, I knelt down in front of him, looked up into his eyes and said, now I will show you what a very naughty girl does. With that, I slammed his dick in my mouth and started sucking fast. I could taste the mixture of his come and my own juices. I could feel them collecting around my lips as I slid easily along the length of his shaft. Up and down I moved, running my tongue back and forth as I slammed my face into him. He grabbed my pigtails and said, oh yes, suck that cock you fucking naughty bitch. With that I let out a moan and sucked even harder. He was helping to thrust my head against his cock and I could feel it as it slid down into my throat. He was fucking me mouth, just the way I liked it. He was fully hard again and the taste of him, mixed with my own sweetness, was amazing. I was almost feeding off of him as he exploded into my mouth. I kept my pace as the hot fluid hit my throat and I began to swallow. Once he was done and I was satisfied with the job I had done, I got up, put on my shirt and opened the stall door. I checked the mirror and arranged myself so that no one would “know” what happened.

He came out of that stall, already with his shirt back on and went out of the door. I finished collecting myself and then followed suit. I went back to the table with my friends and they all looked at me. I glanced around the bar and noticed he was gone. Ah, such is life. All I wanted was a good fucking anyway.