 Moaning at the feel of Tom's warm lips feathering kisses over inch of my face, I tried hard not to smile and give myself away, as he softly whispered in my ear, "Alexis, are you awake?" 

Keeping my eyes closed, grinning, I asked him, "If I say yes, are you going to stop kissing me?" 

Tom chuckled, and pressing his lips to my ear, he whispered, "No. Never." 

Happily smiling, I open my eyes to the warmth of his, and wrapping my arm around his neck, I capture his mouth with mine and kiss him silly. God, what an absolutely perfect way to wake up, wrapped in the arms of the man I love. 

Finally pulling back, he said, "You remember it's the weekend, right? And we don't have to be anywhere we don't want to be today." 

"Thank god," I muttered, so glad I didn't have to rush into work, fighting traffic every inch of the way to get to my office for another stupid, waste of time, early morning meeting. 

"So, what did you want to do today?" he asked me, reaching out and playfully tugging my nipple. 

Grinning coyly, and lifting an eyebrow as I run a finger over his bottom lip, I suggest, "You?" 

Smirking at that, he tugged my tingling nipple just a little harder, and said, "Well, after you're done with me." 

"Mmm," I said, looking pensive. "I think I'd like to make it all-day event, kind of like that first time at the cabin, when we barely got out of bed for two days straight." 

Watching Tom roll his eyes and groan as he remembers, I moan, too, clenching my thighs together, because damn that was hot. "Yeah, that was a really good weekend," he agrees, his cock already standing attention, just thinking about it. 

Pushing the sheet off my legs and turning to crawl on top of him, I knew just how I wanted to start my day. Sliding my hot little pussy up and down over his cock, in no time I had him rock hard, just the way I wanted him. Never one to waste a perfectly good erection, taking hold him at the base, I push myself down on him and groan at the feel of him filling me up so nice and tight. My poor little pussy stretching so hard to fit him, even the slight little sting felt delectable, just like he did when I lowered my head and claimed his perfect lips as I began to ride him, slow at first and then quicker as he thrust up his hips, eager to join in the naughty fun. Oh... and it was always so utterly amazing with him. Like we knew how to make love like no one else ever had. 

Cupping my ass in a death grip, I could feel that Tom was getting close, and the way his cock was stroking my clit, was sending a tingle racing through me that was insane. Covering his mouth with mine, tongues tangling, I kissed him hard as we came together, loving the way his cock twitched hard enough inside me to let me know I'd gotten him off. And as I fell to pieces in his arms, quivering to the soles of my feet in a full body tremor, he held me close, nursing me through the most perfect climax, whispering the sweetest things imaginable in my ear. No wonder I'd fallen head over heels in love with him - with the way he could always make it feel so perfect whenever we made love. 

As a light breeze swept over my damp skin, with the huge open window at one end of our bedroom, I shivered, and of course seeing that, Tom instantly rolled me over, blanketing my body with his. Pressing his lips to mine, he whispered, "I don't think I'll ever get enough of you, Alexis." 

Grinning, I said, "Gee, I hope not." 

Chuckling, propping his elbows on either side of my face, happily gazing down at me, he said, "How about we go over to your condo today and see what we have to do to finally get you moved in here all the way." 

After playfully nipping at his bottom lip, I assured him, "You don't have to worry, Tom. I have no plans on backing out, I'm here with you now for good, I promise." Because feeling the way I did about him, I couldn't imagine ever waking without him again. 

Then he gestured with his chin at the bedside table closest to me. "Thought if you were hungry, we could eat right here." 

Then I noticed the insulated carafe, two white china cups and saucers a basket full of muffins, a dish of creamy butter - and oh snap - a jar of sweet, sweet kiwi jam. 

Grinning at him, I reached for it. "Where did you find this?" 

"Ordered a case of it, as soon I knew you were moving in. Figured we could use it with the way you enjoy painting me in the stuff, and of course licking it off." 

"Mmm, you know me so well," I whispered smiling against his lips as I cracked open the jar, playfully wiggling my eyebrows. 

Taking it from my hands, he said, "Eat first, then we play, you kinky little thing." 

Still grinning coyly, I sat up and reached for a cup, and then after pouring some tea for him, I poured my own, savoring the warm soothing taste of my favorite English Breakfast tea as I took my first sip, deciding I had to have found the most thoughtful, most amazing man in the entire world. Knowing full well, he prefers coffee in the morning, and yet here he was sharing this with me. Handing him a plate with a moist scrumptious looking carrot muffin, once I'd buttered it for him, I said, "This is so nice. Thank you, Tom." 

Pressing a kiss to my shoulder he said, "Thought it would be nice not to have to get out of bed this morning just to eat." 

As I savored my first bite of the perfectly spiced little morsel, I moaned and said, "And you were right, this is perfect." 

In the end, after a light leisurely breakfast in bed, we opted for some fun in the shower, instead of messing up the bed with jam. And it was always so incredible, no matter where we made love. 

On his knees, my legs spread wide, he ate into me deep as warm water pelted down on us, quickly sending me into a full body shudder as I climaxed ridiculously hard against his open mouth. My eyes rolling back in my head - fuck me, what a way to start the day. If I could, I'd never be away from him, not when he could make me feel like this. Then he was on his feet kissing the hell out of me, as the last of the tremors washed through me. Making me decide on the spot that this was exactly how I wanted to live my life - with the man of my dreams, worshipping my body every chance he got. 

Then grinning into my eyes, he turned me around. Clutching the tiled wall I groaned out loud when I felt his steely cock push inside my still tingling pussy. And as he thrust his hips, I thrust right back, hard enough to hear our skin slap, over and over, loving the erotic sounds of our mating. It was just felt so wild to be fucking hard like this under the pelting spray, our bodies so wet and slick and achingly aroused. 

And I could hear his growl as he clutched my hip hard as he got closer, and as he expertly fingered my clit, I moaned so loud as my third climax of the morning swept through me so insanely hard it almost brought me to my knees. Really pounding into me, Tom's cock pistoning in and out of me relentlessly, I thought I'd lose my footing, till his strong arm circled my waist, hugging my body to his as he filled me with his release. Both of us quaking, I wrapped my arm over his and turned my face, desperate to taste him, welcoming the feel of his tongue sliding into my mouth as he pushed into me one last time and stilled. His cock pulsing hard enough I could feel it throughout my body, I shivered even as the warm afterglow of our lovemaking settled over me. I'd never truly been in love until Tom, but now I was so head over heels, I honestly have no idea how I ever managed without him. 

We took our time washing each other, too. Playfully, nipping and kissing each other's bodies, curious hands roaming, exploring and teasing - and damned if I didn't want him again. Dropping to my knees I took him in my mouth, and moaned at the feel of his long, smooth flesh filled me to the brink, just hitting the back of my throat. Lordy, I loved the taste of him, so delectably salty sweet on my tongue, as I hungrily licked and sucked and nipped till his shaky hands were wound in my wet hair in a death grip - which of course only made it feel that much hotter. Dropping one hand between my thighs and fingering my pussy as I sucked him off, I wondered when I'd become so insatiable. But where Tom was concerned, I could play all day, and still want more. 

Throwing his head back, I heard his deep groan even over the shower and knew he was close. And although he always tried to pull out before he came, I just clutched his ass that much harder and sucked him back as deep as I could till his legs were trembling and he was shouting with his release. Loving the feel of him shooting inside me and filling me with the proof of his desire, I grinned as I pulled back, pressing a long, slow open-mouthed kiss to the tip of his cock, before pressing my mouth to each of his quivering thighs, and tracing my tongue across his taught abs, basically marking him as mine. His hands loosening in my hair, he murmured, "God, I love you, Alexis." 

"Mmm," I moaned, "and I love you, too," as the most blissful feeling imaginable swept through me, I wrapped my arms around him and hugged my breasts tight to his legs, pressing my cheek to his package, sure that I couldn't love him more if I tried. 

Later, smiling and holding hands on the drive over to my condo, his phone pinged with a text. And when we stopped at a red light, Tom checked the screen on his car, and muttered, "Oh, shit, I can't believe I forgot that." 

When I looked at him and asked, "What?" he explained. 

"I have some IT guys coming in today to set up a new accounting system, and Alan, my finance guy, is already there wondering where I am." 

I shrugged. "Guess we'd better go to your office then." 

He nodded, and squeezed my hand. "But we're still going to see about moving in the last of your stuff later, I really want you with me, Alexis." 

"Of course," I said, because living with him was a done deal now. No way could I ever live without him, not anymore. 

Tom had a decent sized office building on the outskirts of town, not far from our old neighborhood. A nice looking modern gray four-story with a bold black and white sign that read; Damon Construction and Renovations. I squeezed his hand and said, "Nice looking building, Tom." 

He smiled looking over at it, and said, "Yeah, I built it with my crew." 

I nodded, impressed. Of course I knew he was talented, and not just in the sack, where he was an absolute genius at making love. "Do you want me to wait here?" I asked, not really sure if he wanted his staff to know about us just yet. 

Shaking his head as he walked around his SUV and opened my door, he dropped a kiss on my lips and said, "Of course not. I want you to come inside and see the place." 

I smiled as he took my hand and led me inside. So, it seems we were coming out, at least to some of his staff. Now all we had to worry about was coming out to his daughter Marnie, who also happened to be my best friend, who'd most likely literally shit and die when she discovered that her father and her bestie were now a couple, in every sense of the word. And the worst of it was, in order to spare her feelings, I'd lied my ass off and denied it when she'd texted me from her honeymoon in Fiji. But seeing she was going to be home soon, there was no way we could hide what was going on between us much longer. 

Taking the elevator up to the top floor of the building, we were met by a tall, handsome sandy haired man whose bright blue eyes flew open wide the moment he saw me step out of the elevator hand-in-hand with Tom. "Hey, Tom," he said, awkwardly clearing his throat as his gaze shot back and forth between us. 

Tom just smiled and calmly introduced us. "Alan, this is Alexis Taylor, my uh... lady, and Alexis this is Alan Wright, who takes care of our finances." 

As I watched Alan shooting Tom a wide-eyed what-the-fuck look I wanted to laugh. Of course everyone who worked for him probably knew Tom and his wife Lucy had finally divorced months ago, after a long unhappy marriage, but obviously no one knew about me. 

Extending my hand, I said, "Nice to meet you, Alan." 

And as he accepted my hand, I could actually feel his eyes rake over me from the tips of my sexy strappy beige sandals up over my long, bare tanned legs, slowing for a long beat at the swell of the cleavage peeking out at the top of my white sundress before moving on to my face and then looking into my eyes, he finally murmured dazedly, "Yeah, it's a pleasure to meet you, too, Alexis." 

Tom was fighting hard not to laugh, because the guy just looked so surprised, shocked really. His ex-wife Lucy was closer to his age, since they'd met in high school, so he had to be taken aback to see his boss with someone so young. But even at twenty-four I knew Tom was the only man I'd ever want. So, people could stare all they liked, because I knew what we had was real, no matter the difference in our age. 

Leaving Alan staring after us, Tom slipped his arm around my waist heading us toward his office, he called over his shoulder, "Be right there, Alan." 

And of course Tom's office was gorgeous, deep charcoal walls, with white trim, and the most amazing desk taking place of honor right in the center. Deep red cherry wood, it was massive. "I just love this desk," I told him, making a bee-line for it, and running my hands over the smooth polished surface. 

"Yeah," he explained, "it was my granddad's. He had a law office in town, and when he passed on I told the family it was all I wanted. I used to love to sit behind it whenever I visited him as a boy, telling myself I'd be a lawyer, one day, just like him." 

Puzzled, since he'd never mentioned it before, I looked over at him and asked, "You wanted to practice law?" 

"Yeah, it's all ever wanted, but marrying before I was even eighteen, with a baby on the way, kind of ended that." 

Nodding, with a shrug, I said, "Well, I'm glad you got the desk, it's a real beauty." 

Smiling at it, he said, "Yeah, me, too." 

Then he went behind a small bar in the corner of the room, and opened a mini fridge and called out, "I've got some water, soda and juice in here, if you want something to drink." 

Shaking my head, I said, "No, I'm fine for now, thanks. You go ahead and do what you have to do, Tom, I'll be okay here." 

My gaze landing on a picture on his desk of Marnie and her new husband Baxter, happily smiling like fools, I felt so guilty seeing how overjoyed they looked on their wedding day, especially since they had no idea what the two of us have been up to. "Nice picture of the newlyweds," I told him. 

Coming around the desk, he said, "Yeah." Then he pointed at another framed picture of an adorable fair-haired Marnie at about five sitting on the beach, clutching a red pail and shovel, with that same big grin on her face. "You know it's still hard to believe she's all grown up and married sometimes." Then he looked at me and said, "Hey, I should get a picture of you. It would be nice to have on my desk, especially when I'm thinking about you, which is pretty much all the time." 

But before he even got his phone out of his pocket, Alan came to the door and said, "Sorry to disturb you, Tom, but the IT guys have a few questions for you." 

"Sure, I'll be right there." Then he dropped a kiss on the top of my head and said, "I shouldn't be long, and I still want that picture." 

Nodding, as I watched him go, I said, "Sure." Getting to my feet, I wandered over to the big wide window that overlooked a beautiful greenbelt, sort of like Tom's house, realizing he had the perfect view at both places, whereas with my open-office plan at work, all I could see was other desks, and the faces of my co-workers. I decided I liked what Tom was looking at way better. 

And after I checked out a few plaques and some of the books and things he had on his bookshelves, I made my way back to his desk. Then devishly grinning, I decided it might be fun to give Tom a picture that would be appropriate for his eyes only.  

So, after tugging my little white sundress over my head, and carefully sliding a few things out of the way on his desk, I stretched myself out on my flat little tummy, legs crossed behind me with my high-heeled feet in the air, my bare breasts looking full and heavy, pressed to the cool wooden surface, long dark hair draped over one shoulder, I imagined he'd enjoy having this shot in his phone. 

Thankfully, not long after, Tom opened the door and stepped back inside, his eyes instantly rolling skyward the moment he saw me posed so provocatively, like a semi-nude center-fold right in the middle of his gorgeous desk. "Jesus, Alexis," he muttered as he came over and reverently ran his hand down along my bare back before settling it on my round ass and squeezing. "Fuck, now this is a picture I want to have." 

After he took a moment to lock his office door, he got out his phone and began taking shots of me posing for him. Then he said, "Now take off those panties." 

Sitting up and doing as he asked, I purposely took my time seductively licking my lips as I let the silky white fabric slowly slide past my hips and over my thighs, before playfully kicking them onto his chair from the end of my high heeled sandal. Smiling at the obvious bulge in his pants, I asked, "Have you ever made out in this office, big guy?" 

When he just shook his head looking stunned, with his phone still poised in the air, I slid my hands up to my nipples and tugged, whispering teasingly, "Well maybe it's time you did." 

Carelessly tossing his phone aside, Tom came up behind me and muttered gruffly, "On your back." 

Biting into my lip, watching his warm brown eyes turn to a heated charcoal black right before my eyes, I spread myself over his desk, and then opened my legs wide for him. And before I could think of how wanton I must look, he was in his chair with his face buried so deep in my cunt, I actually gasped. But then as he began to eat me out, I groaned as a feeling of mind-altering bliss washed over me. Fuck, my man knew just what to do with a pussy. And I was so glad he was now feasting on mine. Lapping, nipping, and tonguing the hell out me, I swear I was almost ready to combust, and he'd only just begun. Pushing apart my pussy lips with his thumbs, he pulled back and just stared at the sight of my glistening snatch, murmuring, "Damn, Alexis you're pussy's pretty. So wet, and so soft and so fucking sweet, I swear I could eat you forever." 

And god, with how amazing he was at it, I'd let him, too. As he dove back in, I groaned as he licked hungrily all around my clit, then tugging it between his lips, he suckled till I nearly screamed. Fuck, what a feeling. The tingling running through my poor pussy was so acute I swear my eyeballs were beginning to sweat. But then he pushed in a few fingers and started working me into a frenzy - his tongue, his lips, his teeth, his hands, all working my cunt so divinely, I swear I thought I'd die from the pleasure overload coursing through my veins. It was sheer and utter nirvana, happy, happy pussy tingling nirvana. 

And as I moaned with my release, Tom just kept right on feasting, licking noisily as my juices flooded his mouth. My throbbing pussy buzzing like it was electrified I finally opened my eyes and met his hungry gaze, once he'd finally lifted his head. Smiling darkly, he started to lift me into a sitting position, murmuring in my ear, "Up on your knees now, facing the window." 

Mindlessly, doing as he asked, I heard the hiss of his fly and closed my eyes, unable to believe there was more to come, after what he'd just done, my bones already feeling like wet noodles, barely able to support me. But then I felt the hard wall of Tom's chest against my back, as he tugged me to the edge of his desk, pushing two fingers into my pussy, as he worked them in and out, he murmured, "You drive me wild. You know that? Nearly out of my fuckin' mind." 
