 With my new love Tom being a successful contractor, no big surprise, the house he'd built for himself after his separation and subsequent divorce, was utterly amazing. Like something straight out of a design magazine -- an incredibly warm stylish, four-bedroom two story that had my jaw dropping in awe as he toured me around it. And looking out at the massive landscaped yard that seemed to go on forever, I noticed it even had a pool.

Teasingly wiggling my eyebrows at him, I grinned, since I did love to swim.

Tugging me along by the hand, true to his word, it even had a huge walk in closet just for me, that gazing around it wide-eyed, I knew would more than fit all my shoes. "So?" he finally asked expectantly, once we'd been around most of it.

I smiled, slipping my arm around his waist. "I just love your house, Tom. It's absolutely beautiful."

"Good," he said, heaving a relieved sigh, hugging me back. "I'm glad you like it. But don't forget, this'll be your home now, too." He glanced around the big empty closet and said, "Don't know why I built this place so big, but now I'm glad I did."

I was glad he had, too. I could see us living and loving here for a long, long time.

Naturally there were still a few things to finish, like the backsplash in the warm cherry wood kitchen, and I just loved the rustic, polished look he went for.

But when I wandered back downstairs later in just my tiny pink thong bikini to go for dip in the pool, I was surprised to find two strapping young guys busy working on grouting the last of the backsplash, stopping to give me the eye, their gazes slowly raked over my body. And I knew in my barely-there bra top, except for my nipples, my breasts were basically exposed, and with only a sliver of fabric bisecting my ass, they had to be getting an eyeful of my backside, too. Thing was, I had no idea Tom had let them in to finish the last bit of their work, or I would have covered up before I came downstairs.

Without even having to look, I could actually feel Tom glaring them down. And I thought it was kind of sweet that he was jealous. But he had nothing to worry about. The boyish pair with the backward ball caps and superhero T-shirts couldn't hold a candle to him, even at his age -- especially with how incredible he looked for forty-two. Smirking, I winked at him as I made my way outside wanting him to know he'd always be the only man who could ever turn my head.

As I was pulling the screen door closed, I overheard one of them asking him, "Wow, dude, is that your daughter?"

Then waiting off to the side at the door for a moment for his answer, I smiled when Tom said, "No. She's my lady."

I almost got caught laughing when the guy blurted, "Whoa, kudos, man. If you don't mind my asking, how'd you ever bag a chick like her?"

Then I heard Tom chuckle as he told him the truth. "Well, believe it or not, apparently she's the one that bagged me."

"Wow. Then you really are one lucky dude."

Then, just before stepping away, I heard Tom say quietly, "Believe me, I know."

Later, with those parting words still happily floating around in my head, I was enjoying a cool, refreshing swim when I surfaced and noticed Tom standing at the edge of the pool, now in just his board shorts. And damn he looked hot, his bronzed muscled chest practically glowing in the late day sun. Swimming over to him, I brushed the wet hair from my face and said, "I was hoping you'd join me."

Sliding into the water beside me, he didn't waste any time, circling me in his arms, our wet chests pressed together, he took my mouth and kissed me till my toes curled. And already I was so glad I'd agreed to move in with him. I'd even left work early so I could spend more time with him on this, our first night together as a couple. Cupping my ass in his big hands and squeezing, his pelvis pressed to mine, I could feel he was already hard -- so delectibly hard.

Nibbling on his lower lip, I asked, "Have the workmen left yet?"

Smiling into my eyes, when he nodded that they were gone, I reached back for the tie on my bikini top, freeing my heavy breasts. Tossing the little scrap of Lycra onto the deck I grinned watching his gaze widen appreciatively. But even as his eyes playfully rolled back in his head at the sight of me baring my breasts in his pool, he was dipping his head and opening his mouth around one very erect nipple, making my pussy eagerly pulse at the incredible sensation of him sucking me into the heat of his mouth, his tongue teasing all around the tip, teeth gently grazing, and his rock hard cock grinding against me. Fuck, I don't think I'd ever been more aroused.

Lifting my leg to circle his hip, rubbing my needy pussy up and down along the length of his rigid cock, I asked against his mouth, "So, have you christened the pool yet?"

Smiling slyly, he shook his head and murmured, "No, not yet," his questing fingers dipping into my little thong and teasingly beginning to finger my slick pussy, he whispered against my ear, "but maybe you can help me with that."

Tossing my head back I moaned as he pushed in two fingers, stroking in and out. And oh, god, as good as it felt to have him finger-fucking me like this, what I really needed was him -- every long thick inch of him, buried as deep as he could go.

And then before I knew it, my bikini bottom was gone, and so were his shorts, both carelessly abandoned. His gaze on mine as he lifted me into his arms, wrapping my legs around his waist, his cock poised at my opening, I slipped my tongue in his mouth as he thrust his hips, completely filling my hungry cunt with one hard push. Groaning into my mouth as he flexed his knees, amazingly thrusting even deeper, I whimpered at the exquisite feel of him taking me like this, delectably stretching me around him, surrounded in clear blue water, bathed in the last rays of the sun. It all felt so perfect. Absolutely Idyllic.

Of course we both knew no one could see us. The closest house at least a half-acre away it still felt so illicit to be naked and mating like bunnies in his pool in the softly waning light. The water buoying me, I loved how I bounced down to meet his every thrust, as he filled me over and over. Damn, trembling in his arms, I thought I'd burn up from the feel of him hungrily suckling my breasts, riding my pussy hard, creating small waves in the water as he picked up his pace and really began to fuck me.

Trailing kisses over my face, he murmured against my mouth before he kissed me hard, "You know I think I'm going to love having you live here with me."

"Hmmm," was all I could manage as an overwhelming wave of pleasure washed through me, as his fingers began to tease at my throbbing clit. And I'd thought he'd outdone himself the morning after his daughter's wedding at the hotel, when he'd taken me ten ways to Sunday. Seems he had plenty of kinky tricks in his repertoire, and now I could hardly wait to experience every last one.

My nails digging into his back as my cunt clamped hard around him, throwing my head back, I groaned, desperately crying out, "Oh, fuck, Tom, I'm coming so freaking hard."

Smiling, he just worked my clit harder, still gently thrusting into me, he murmured against my mouth, "This is what I love to see -- the sight of you coming apart like this."

Then holding me close and pressing soft little kisses to my mouth as I quivered and quaked through the most delectable body numbing orgasm ever, he smiled into my eyes and quietly murmured, "I love you, Alexis."

Talk about a heart-melting moment. And of course I whispered it back, because, oh, did I ever love him. More than I even knew I could love. My chest just felt so full, as he held me, nursing me through my climax, while still making love to me with gentle thrusts of his hips and teasing little pecks of his lips all over my face and neck. It just felt so perfect with him -- like he'd literally been made for me.

And then as I finally started to come down from the high of my climax, my body feeling deliciously languid and spent, he rearranged me, tipping me back in his arms, so his cock went even deeper, his thrusts suddenly becoming more frantic, so much faster and harder until finally, both of us crying out, I could feel him tense as his cock began to pulse inside me, filling me with his release, as wave after wave of hot come flooded my pussy. Good lord, what a stud. He could put guys half his age to shame. And as I shook helplessly in his arms, I had a pretty strong feeling we weren't nearly done for the night. My man, it seemed, was insatiable, and luckily with him, so was I. I could just never get enough of him.

Once we finally stopped kissing, laughing and fondling each other in the pool, getting out of the water, we just wrapped ourselves in towels. I already knew there was no need to dress with him, since he'd have my clothes off again before I knew it. He nodded at the elegant patio table already beautifully set up on the deck with candles and place settings for two, and said, "Why don't you get comfortable over there, and I'll bring us out something to eat."

A few minutes later he came out balancing a huge wooden tray laden with mouth-watering looking sushi, cheeses, crackers, veggies, dips, sliced meats and olives -- an absolute perfect meal for a warm summer night. And thankfully two glasses filled with ice, next to a cold bottle of crisp white wine and another of sparkling water, too. It was like he could read my mind. I don't think I could have eaten a big heavy meal on a humid night like this, especially after that exhausting full body work-out we'd just shared in the pool.

After he poured us both some wine, he took his seat and filled a plate, handing it to me. And as he loaded his, keeping his eyes on what he was doing, he said, "I noticed you only brought one suitcase."

I nodded as I took a long swallow of the refreshing white wine spritzer I'd mixed with the water and explained, "I thought I could move in gradually. The thing is, the closet at my condo is just so full of stuff I don't even wear anymore, that I think I'll need to do some purging before I bring it all over here."

Noticing the look of relief on his face when I said that, I reached out and squeezed his forearm to reassure him. "I really have moved in with you, Tom. But it's all been so sudden, that I still have to decide what to do with my place and all my things."

He nodded toward his house. "Well there's plenty of room in here. Why don't you just bring everything and sort it out later. I could get a truck from work, and we'd have you moved in in no time."

It seemed he really wanted me with him. And truth was I didn't want to sleep without him again. Now I wondered how I'd managed all these years without him. Especially since I'd had a thing for him for as long as I could remember, but never acted on it until a few weeks ago at my parent's cabin. I grinned, remembering the shocked look on his face when I'd tossed my bikini top and basically flashed him. Too bad I hadn't gotten a picture; his expression had been priceless. He'd been the picture of confliction, like he wanted to race over and bury his face in my tits, while fighting like hell to do the right thing and not go anywhere near me. But when I'd asked him to come over and help me light my fire, the way his eyes had flared, I knew I had him. And now after all these years of longing, thank god, he was finally mine.

And despite the warning his ex-wife Lucy had given me when we were discovered at the hotel by my parents with her nosing her way into our room, I could see nothing but smooth sailing from here on out for us -- well mostly.

At least I knew this wasn't a casual fling anymore, and we were in love. And I had every intention of being with him till my last breath, or least for as long as he still wanted me.

Reaching for the water, he tipped his head, looking over at me. "You're pretty quiet. You okay over there?"

Nodding, I smiled and said, "Just thinking."

"About?"

Heaving a sigh, I knew in order for this to work, we'd have to be completely honest with each other, no matter what. And I'd been hiding something pretty damn big -- that being that his daughter, and my best friend Marnie, had sent me a text that morning at work that nearly burned my phone, she was so upset.

I'd been working on a detailed document when I'd gotten her text and had to run to the bathroom to read it again, it was just so explosive: "I hope the fuck my mother was high on something when she texted me and said she found you and my dad naked in the hotel where I just had my damn wedding!!! Please tell me she was just wasted and hallucinating, Alexis. Please. Because there's no fucking way my best friend would ever hook up with my father. I know you wouldn't do that to me. Please tell me it isn't true. Please, please please -- I'm begging you..."

My stomach in knots, I read and re-read it, till I realized I had no choice but to answer her. Unsure what Tom would want me to say, I just texted back. "You can relax, we weren't naked." When my parents and his ex-wife Lucy found us, I'd been wearing a robe and Tom had a towel draped around his hips, after we'd basically just fucked each other's brains out in the shower. But I figured she didn't need to know that.

After a moment, that felt like a lifetime, she texted back, "So, he was just in your room, and nothing happened?"

Although I hated the thought of lying to her, considering the fact she was half a world away in Fiji, freaking out and ruining her honeymoon, I also knew I couldn't wreck things for her by telling her the truth. So I carefully danced around what had really happened and said, "We just decided to have breakfast together, and had it in my room." Which wasn't a total lie -- we had had breakfast together, and then the kiwi jam came out again and we nearly ate each other alive licking it all off. But again, that was something I knew she would never want to know.

Finally she answered. "Sorry. You know my mother -- she's always been a little crazy. Guess she saw him in your room and thought the worst. I'll talk to you when I get back. Fiji's to die for, by the way. And I just love being married to my man!!!" As happy I was to read that, I also knew she'd have to learn the truth about us sooner or later.

All day I'd been feeling so guilty, of course for lying to by best friend Marnie, and now for hiding it from Tom. So, drawing in a deep breath, I just spit it out, "Marnie got a text from your ex and she told her she found us naked in my room at the hotel."

I watched his eyes widen. "Oh, shit. Was she upset?"

I nodded. "Yeah, I think more hurt than anything. She couldn't believe I'd go behind her back and hook up with you, especially in the hotel right after the wedding. I could show you the text if you want. But basically I told her we just had breakfast in my room."

He shook his head. "I knew I'd have to talk to her. And I had a feeling she wouldn't be too happy to find out that you and I..."

I grinned. "Like to fool around?"

Managing a smile, he said, "Yeah, that. But now that you're moving in with me, I really am going to have to have a word with her."

"Or, I could be the one to tell her."

"No, I think it should come from me." He started running his finger around the base of his wine glass as he said, "Marnie told me once she appreciated the fact that I stuck it out with her mother, basically so she could grow up with both her parents, even though she knew we were never happy together."

Wow. That I never knew. Marnie had alluded to the fact that her parents were never exactly lovey dovey, but this was the first time he'd ever said they were in what sounded like a loveless marriage. Biting into my lip, I carefully asked, "If that's true, then why did you marry her?"

He looked up at me and shrugged. "Lucy and I hooked up a few times in high school, nothing serious. And Marnie was the result of a broken condom. At the time I thought I was doing the right thing by stepping up and marrying her once I found out we were going to have a baby, but she was miserable from the day we tied the knot. At first, because we never had much money, with me just being out of high school and struggling to earn a living to try and support the three of us. And then later, when I took a few college courses at night to try and land a better job, she claimed I was neglecting them -- which was when I think she really started drinking. Then by the time I had my own business, and we were finally comfortable, she said she wanted out, and I could pay her for all the years she'd had to put up with me."

Jesus. I could hardly believe what I was hearing. The poor guy. I had no idea he'd had to go through all that, and for so many years. I reached for his hand and gave it a squeeze. "I really had no idea your marriage was so unhappy, Tom."

I could actually see his expression soften when he said, "Well, the only good thing to come of it was Marnie. So, I think I owe it to her to tell her what's been going on with us. And I hope she'll understand that her father's finally happy for the first time in his life, and it's all because of you."

I think my eyes actually popped when he said that.

I already knew he was the reason I'd started waking up with a smile on my face every morning. But I hated to think that things would change with Marnie for either of us because of what we were doing. So finally I heaved a sigh and said, "You know, if you wanted, we could wait for a while longer to move in together, at least until you've had a chance to talk to her. And she'll be back next week."

Shaking his head, he looked into my eyes. "No. Whether she understands about us or not, doesn't matter. She's got her life with Baxter, and now I've finally got a life of my own, with you. I really want you in my life, Alexis, for just as long as you want me."

Grinning at him, I got out of my chair and crawled into his lap, my arm circling his neck, I kissed him till he was moaning against my mouth. Finally lifting him my head, I said, "And I hope you know you're all I've ever wanted, and ever will."

And then he tugged the towel off my body and his mouth was on my breast, my head falling back, I sighed as he quickly worked me into yet another lust-filled frenzy. Grinding my pussy down on his erection I said, "Oh, god, Tom, I don't know how I can want you as much as I do."

Smiling against my breast, he murmured, "I can, because, until you, I'd never experienced anything even close to this."

Then his towel joined mine on the deck and he had me facing him on my knees and his cock was pushing into me again. And I was already soaked for him. Just the thought of him pushing inside me was enough to get me dripping.

Holding me tight by the waist, he lifted me up and down on his cock, basically using the weight of my body to fuck him. And damn he felt so big like this, almost like he was impaling me with that big thick monster of his. But damn, even the slight ache he had building inside me still felt so good. Everything else forgotten, all I could think about was the tingling heat pooling in my pussy as he plunged into me hard and deep, expertly hitting my g-spot with every thrust. His mouth on my breasts, lapping and sucking and nipping, had me seeing stars as a powerful climax slowly worked its way through my overheated bloodstream, all the way to my brain. My throbbing pussy positively on fire for him, I lustily ground my cunt against his cock as hard as I could as he dropped me into his lap, over and over again. And it all just felt so fucking good.

No way could I ever leave him now. Not with how good we were together. The only thing I knew was that I loved him totally and completely. And as far as I was concerned, the fact that we loved each other was all that really mattered.
