 Breathing in all that wonderful sea air, arms wrapped around myself gazing out at the majesty of the endless blue sea, the sun warm and shining, it just felt so good to get away from the hectic hustle and bustle of the city to my parent's oceanfront cabin - never mind the ridiculous drama I left behind. 

I was just so glad to be here. After breaking up with my tool of a boyfriend Brad a week ago, I really needed this time away by myself. Time to regroup, and to try to repair the damage he'd done. The things he said to me when I'd finally had enough and ended it were just so cruel, I still could barely wrap my head around how nasty he'd turned out to be. So I needed to curl up and lick my wounds to try and get over what had happened. 

Over our time together, I'd begun to discover that he was a mean drunk, and lately he was drunk a lot. So, I made up my mind that I'd had enough and we were done. But no surprise he was horrible about it and called me every name in the book. Only thing good to coming out of it, was it finally sinking in that I didn't need him in my life anymore. And I'd be better off without him. 

Feeling like an absolute slug, I'd slept in until eleven, deciding not to even bother changing out of my tank top and boy shorts I'd worn to bed. The way I saw it, I was entitled to have a pity party, since I'd damn well earned it. After putting up with that no good creep for as long as I had, I could do whatever I wanted now - especially if whatever I chose to do would make me feel better. 

So, after checking out the freezer and discovering a box of frozen waffles and my favorite chocolate chip ice cream, reaching for a bottle of chocolate syrup in the fridge, I knew exactly what I was having for breakfast, and it sure as hell wasn't going to be Bran Flakes. Tall, slender and toned, lucky for me, I could always eat whatever I wanted without having to pay the price. 

Sitting on the couch, aimlessly staring out at the waves crashing to the shoreline, shamelessly stuffing my face with a second decadent helping of waffles and ice cream, hearing a rap at the door, I turned my head and frowned. Putting down the plate on the coffee table, I got up to investigate, wondering who would be calling on me here. Since I had my own key, I hadn't even bothered telling my parents I was coming only deciding to make the trip up here late last night. 

But then when I opened the door, I just about died - standing there looking hot as hell was my life-long crush - my best friend Marnie's dad, Tom Damon. And fuck did he look incredible in just a snug black T-shirt and faded body hugging jeans. 

Once I finally realized my mouth was hanging open, probably looking like I was waiting to catch flies, I snapped it closed, and unlocked the screen door and beckoned him inside. Awkwardly rocking on my heels, aware that my heart was already beating so much faster with him so close, I said, "Hey, Mr. Damon, if you're looking for my folks, they're not here. I'm just up here on my own for a few days." 

He smiled and said, "I know." Then good god, I actually felt those deep brown eyes rake me over, like a slow motion caress, from the top of my head to the tips of my toes, making me go all tingly in between. Holy smokes, I couldn't believe that freaking Tom Damon was actually checking me out! 

Finally he lifted his dark gaze to meet mine. After clearing his throat, he said, "Marnie told me you'd be here, and said she was a little worried about you, and asked me if I'd check in to see if you were okay." And then he smiled that crazy sexy dimpled smile, that crinkled the corners of his eyes, that I'd always loved, and my knees just about buckled. "So I'll have to tell her that you look fine to me." 

Fine, as in, he thinks I look hot, too, I wondered. Still, I was little disappointed that he was only here because Marnie had sent him, worried about me. She was the only one who knew I'd be here, having texted her before I left, I felt I had to tell her about the nasty break up I'd had with the doofus. She was getting married in a few weeks, and she needed to know that her maid of honor would be going solo - minus the hundred and eighty pounds of dead weight I was so glad I'd finally managed to shed. 

Guess I'd kind of hoped, though, Tom had seen me arrive, since his vacation place was right next door to ours, and that he just wanted to say hello. I'd been harboring a major crush on him ever since I was a kid, but over the last few years, I'd began to wonder if it wasn't blossoming into full-blown lust. He had to be the hottest man I'd ever known, despite the fact that he was my best friend's father, which made him old enough to be mine. And although, at twenty-four, I was all grown up, there was no denying I still had a bit of a thing for him. Okay, if I'm going to be honest, maybe a big thing for him. Marnie had mentioned that her parents had finally gotten a divorce just after Christmas, since they'd already been split up for years. So now Mr. Hot and Sexy was once again a bachelor, which got me wondering if he was seeing anyone... 

Eyeing him, it wouldn't really surprise me if he was. He was still an incredibly good looking man, who didn't look a day over thirty-five, with his bronzed skin, deep brown hair and eyes, and that killer body. But I knew from talking to Marnie that he was still only in his early forties, since her parents had married right after high school and had her about a year later, while still in their teens. 

His gaze darted around the room, and when his eyes settled on the waffles and ice cream, grinning, he cocked an eyebrow and asked, "Breakfast of champions?" 

I smirked. "No, more like gorging on crap to help get over a bad break up." 

Slowly nodding his head, he said, "Sorry to hear that." Then I could feel his gaze drop to my breasts. And then it dawned on me that I wasn't wearing a bra - just a teeny tiny, belly baring, thin pale pink tank top and matching boy shorts with a slit that went way up high on my thighs, leaving very little to his imagination. And he had to be able to see the rosy color of my nipples straight through the fabric, that were now so embarrassingly erect, I was tempted to wrap my arms around myself to hide the effect he was having on me. But watching his gaze darken in reaction, I decided I might just let him have a good long look. When I was a teen, I used to wonder what it feel like if he were to ever notice me as something more than just his daughter's best friend. And just the thought of him ever wanting to kiss me would get me so excited, that I'd literally squirm just thinking about it. 

But as my gaze dropped to the pretty impressive erection he was rocking in his jeans, I knew my ultimate fantasy, now, would be to have that body of his, naked and looming over me, filling me and taking me hard. 

Then I blinked. Fuck, what was wrong with me? I needed to give my head a shake. This was Marnie's dad for pity sake, and a close family friend, which made him so far off limits, that even the kinky thoughts I was having were just too many kinds of wrong to even fathom. 

Finally I shrugged with my hands up. "Well, as you can see I'm okay." 

His lips curled into a sexy smile as he replied in surprisingly husky voice, "From where I'm standing, Alexis, you look way more than okay." 

He did not just say that! But the moment those words began to sink in, I knew I wasn't imaging the little current of awareness crackling between us. It was actually palpable, and I could already feel my skin beginning to quiver with anticipation.  

So verboten or not, I desperately wanted to know what it would be like with this man I'd forever fantasized about. If his kiss would be as hot as I'd always imagined, and if those hands would be as strong as they looked as he grabbed me and took me. But even more, if that pretty significant bulge in his jeans would be everything it promised. And it looked so big and hard, and mouth-wateringly tempting, that the only thing I knew was that I wanted my friend's dad in my bed, and wouldn't rest until I had him. 

Finally he cleared his throat again, slightly grinning as he turned to leave. "Well, I'll let you get back to your, uh, breakfast. And you know I'm just next door if you need me." 

Whoa, if I needed him, was he kidding? Right now, I'd never needed anyone more. And as he said, he was only next door. And so close. 

Maybe I was tempting fate, but when I decided to get a little sun on the deck later in the afternoon, at first I thought I'd go topless just to avoid bikini lines. But then I grinned, knowing that maybe, just maybe, his hotness would notice me, and I'd get way more than a little sun if my plan worked. 

So, walking out with my tiny bikini top in place, I did a few sensual stretches, inhaling deeply enough to thrust out my ample breasts. Then when I noticed him out by his barbecue giving it a cleaning, with his gaze now fixed firmly on me, I grinned to myself as I tugged at the ties and let the little scrap of fabric fall to my feet on the deck, baring my big pale white breasts, not only to the sun, but to his surprised wide-eyed gaze from what I could see. 

Slyly, I grinned to myself. Perfect. 

Then getting comfy on my back on a deck chair, where I knew he could see me, since he'd stayed standing right where he was eyes wide as saucers without having moved a muscle. I decided it might not hurt if I closed my eyes and gave my nipples a kinky little tug. Just to make it clear to him that I was no longer a kid, but a full grown woman, with a woman's desires. 

Peeking at him from the corner of my eye, I grinned as he began to stroke himself through his jeans. So, Mr. Damon, it seemed, liked what he saw. Then when I reached for the sunscreen and began to rub the thick, creamy white lotion all over my buxom breasts, pulling just a little harder on my nipples, I felt sure I could hear him groaning, even from as far away as he was. God, this was fun. 

Finally, deciding that twenty minutes of torture was probably enough, I stood, leaning my girls over the wooden railing. My tiny orange bikini bottoms barely covering me down below, flicking my nearly waist length long dark hair over my shoulder, I called out to him, "Hey, Mr. Damon, I wondered if you'd mind coming over and helping me light my fire?" 

Biting my lip to keep from laughing, I could actually see him swallowing hard, his adam's apple nervously bobbing up and down. His gaze riveted to my round perky tits, he called out, "What did you just say, Alexis?" 

I nodded at the barbecue on the deck. "I always have trouble getting that thing started, and I was thinking of having a steak later. So I was hoping you could give me a hand with it." 

I watched him blink, and blink again. He had to be weighing his options. If he came over and things got hot and heavy between us, how could ever face his daughter, never mind my parents. But then again, I was hardly a kid anymore, which he could clearly tell from looking at me half naked. And he was sure as hell doing a lot of that. I grinned watching him having to straighten his cock in his jeans. Seems he was getting pretty damn hard, which was just the way I wanted him. 

Finally, he nodded and called out, "Okay, I'll come over and take a look - at the barbecue, I mean." 

Slowly nodding my head, I watched him stride cross the sand, and mount the steps two at a time, until he was standing right in front of me, and wow his chest was heaving. And fuck was he ever hard. The man could pound nails with that thing. Deciding not to be coy, I grinned up into his eyes and told him the truth. "You know I've always thought you were a very handsome man, Mr. Damon." 

"Tom," he cleared his throat and said, "I think it's time you started calling me Tom, don't you Alexis?" 

I grinned slyly, nodding my head. I couldn't agree more. It was long past time as far as I was concerned. I watched as he stopped fighting the urge and his gaze dropped to my tits, openly staring now, his eyes growing dark and hot with arousal. Thickly, he murmured, "Alexis, do you really think you should be out here like this, where anyone can see you?" 

I shrugged. "I've never really been shy about my body." 

His gaze lifted to mine, and finally, the slightly worried look in his eyes vanished and he grinned. "I can see that." 

Reaching up, I stroked my hand over his cheek, leaned in close and said, "And I especially don't feel shy around you." 

His gaze locked on mine, his chest heaving harder, he asked, "And why's that?" 

With my thumb running provocatively over his bottom lip I murmured, "Because I've always felt safe with you, Tom." 

His tongue darted to lick my thumb, even as he painfully groaned. "Alexis, I've known you since you were a kid," he said, like he was trying to discourage me, and maybe even himself. 

Smiling coyly into his eyes, I leaned even closer, only a hair's breadth from his lips, I provocatively whispered, "But haven't you noticed that I'm all grown up now?" 

Shaking his head, he said, "Yeah, believe me, I've noticed. But I still don't think is a very good idea." 

Snaking my arms around his neck, I pressed my bare breasts to his chest and gazing up into his big brown eyes, steadily growing darker than I'd ever seen them, I murmured, "And why is that, Tom?" 

Breathlessly brushing his lips over mine, his hands now stroking the sides of my breasts, he murmured over my mouth, "Because you're Marnie's friend." Then as I lashed out my tongue and slowly traced it along his lower lip, whimpering as his hand came around and cupped my ass hard as he began to groan, his voice sounding a little more ragged now, he said, "And you know I play golf with your dad, right?" 

Lifting my leg to circle his thigh, I rubbed my damp pussy along his erection and quietly whispered over his mouth, "But how would anyone ever know?" 

His hand tightened on my ass, and his tongue darted into my mouth, stroking mine, even as he muttered, "Jesus, Alexis, this is crazy." 

I laughed and cupped his ass right back. "Not to me it isn't. I've always had a thing for you. And now that I'm not a kid anymore, I can't see any harm in just exploring it." 

His brow lifted. "Exploring?" 

Before I sank my tongue in his mouth I softly murmured, "Yeah. In bed. With our clothes off." 

He groaned so deep as he squeezed my ass, his tongue now eagerly mating with mine, as he pressed me hard against his rigid cock that I almost wanted to laugh. Seems the battle was over, and hopefully we'd both get what we wanted out of this by the time we were done. 

Picking me up, he carried me through the screen door into my cabin, muttering, "I can't believe we're doing this." 

My arm tight around his neck as he raced me toward my bedroom, teasingly lashing my tongue all around his ear, I whispered, "I can, and I now I can hardly wait." 

I thought as I watched him strip off after he'd impatiently tossed me onto the bed and bouncing my ass in the middle, that I'd be nervous. But I was way too wound up for that. Once he'd tugged off his jeans and tore his T-shirt over his head, seeing him without his clothes, lean and bronzed and so perfectly muscled, with that shockingly erect cock, he was so much hotter than I'd ever dreamed, and I knew I'd never felt more aroused. That was until he crawled up the bed, and covered my body with his and began to make hot crazy love to my mouth. Oh, dear lord. Who knew Mr. Damon could kiss like this? Fuck. I was already wet for him, but the way his tongue was tangling with mine, was getting me so much wetter, my pussy felt like it was drowning with need. And I knew that only his cock could save it. 

Then I shivered as he slowly moved down my body, latching onto a breast and sucking hard, as he tweaked my other nipple roughly between his fingers, till he had me so worked up, he nearly had me squirming right off the freaking bed. And when he finally released my breasts - after bestowing a long slow, open-mouth kiss on each - and his hot damp tongue started trailing south toward my pussy, I thought I would literally die when he spread me open wide and lashed into me, lapping his flattened tongue over my quivering pussy, instantly making it tingle like crazy. 

I swear that nothing had ever felt hotter than looking down and seeing this gorgeous hunk of man between my thighs, eating my cunt, like it was the best thing he'd ever tasted. 

Moaning long and deep, as he lapped into me, he murmured against my flesh, "Fuck, Alexis, you're damn sweet." 

My fingers tangling hard in his hair, shamelessly I lifted my hips and fed my pussy to his mouth, spreading myself open as wide as I could for him. My eyes rolling back in my head, lordy, if I thought he knew how to kiss, it was nothing compared to the way he could make me feel with that mouth of his devouring my sex. Every lap and suck and nip sent me closer and closer to what I knew would be the best orgasm, probably in recorded history. I'd always had trouble reaching climax, but somehow it seemed he knew my body better than I knew it myself, nearly setting me on fire with just the power of that amazing mouth. Fuck, I was in heaven - horny pussy bliss heaven. A few guys had gone down on me before, but it had never been anything even close to this. Oh... wow. I threw my head back, slamming my eyes shut as I felt the first wave hit me. That talented mouth of his had gotten my pussy tingling so hard it was just this side of painful, but it still felt so fucking, fucking good as he ate me and ate me and ate me. 

Jesus, the man was utterly insatiable. And who the hell was I to deny him? He could literally eat me all night, and no way would I ever stop him. 

Lifting my ass into his hands, burying his face in my juicy cunt, I felt myself coming, tingling so fucking hard as he teased at my clit, spearing in deep and fucking my pussy hard with his tongue. God, the man could give master lessons on cunnilingus. Deciding somewhere in the back of my mind as I crested so much harder than I'd ever thought possible, that Cunt Eating 101 should be taught at every college and university, assuring that no woman would ever be denied an orgasm again. Especially one like this - holy fucking shit! Opening my mouth I heard myself screaming, as though from a distance, surprised that he could get me so insanely wound up, just from eating me out. But he was doing such an incredible job it was like the tingling in my pussy was refusing to stop, like maybe ever. 

Finally, as the jagged body shattering tremors slowly began to settle, smiling up at me, he lifted his head and asked, "You okay?" 

Numbly blinking, I nodded my head. "Yeah, I think so." But I really wasn't sure. It was like a nuclear explosion had just detonated in my pussy, rocketing straight up my spine to my brain, possibly even short circuiting a few brain cells along the way. Whew. I blew out a breath. That was some fucking orgasm. 

He just grinned, reaching for his jeans. Then as though in a haze, I watched him sheath himself, rolling the condom down over the length of his, big, thick, heavy cock, before crawling back up my body, not unlike a stealthy tiger on the prowl for its prey. Cupping the back of my head in one hand, kissing me hard at the same time as he clutched my ass, kneeing apart my thighs, I felt the thick tip of his cock begin to push its way into the snug opening of my pussy, amazed that he seemed to be in no hurry to get it over with and just fuck me, especially now that he'd taken care of me so well. Taking the time to even swivel his hips, he pulled back before he thrust into me again, over and over, sinking just a little deeper each time, making me realize it had to be the sweetest slowest, most incredible fuck I'd ever experienced. Now I wondered what the hell I'd been doing with the other jerks who'd just dove on me to get their rocks off, without even caring what I was getting out of it. Like that idiot 'three minute wonder' Brad I'd just tossed to the curb. 
