 My lips curled up in a smile, I woke feeling utterly ravaged, every inch of my body aching – in the best possible way, especially the delectable little throb still humming between my thighs, where Tom had spent most of the night. God, I would never have guessed that my friend Marnie's dad, unfailingly polite, ever friendly Tom Damon, would be so damn insatiable. But of course, feeling the same way about him, I knew I'd never enjoyed sex more. Everything just felt so good with him and so right. The way he loved to eat me and fuck me, and oh god, the way he tasted in my mouth. That was another kind of heaven to hear him moan and clutch at my hair when I'd sucked him off good and hard. 

Reaching across the bed, my eyes still closed I couldn't wait to touch him again, to feel his toned buff body next to mine, to run my hands over his warm flesh. Maybe I'd ride him this morning, and give him a wake up he'd never forget. Squeezing my thighs together, I could feel I was already wet for him – but then just thinking about him sliding in and out of me could do that. 

Rolling to my side, I opened eyes, surprised and more than a little disappointed to find the other side of the bed empty, my heart nearly dropping to my stomach. Blinking and blinking again, I hadn't dreamed it all, had I? The ache between my legs, and the tenderness in my swollen nipples was too real to have been imagined. So, then where had he gone? Had he decided maybe seeing his daughter's best friend wasn't such a great idea after all? Oh, dear god, I hoped not. I wanted to see where this thing we had could go. And last night he'd said he wanted to keep seeing me, too.

Turning my head, I blew out a sigh of relief when I detected him quietly talking to someone in the other part of the hotel suite, thanking them for something. And I just hoped it was someone who worked for the hotel, and not my parents. Yeesh. That would be weird, if he was thanking them for having me, especially after all the different ways he'd had me last night. It was still just a little too early to let them, or anyone else know what we'd been up to, and that we were now involved with each other. 

Looking up I smiled when he strode into the room wrapped in a plush white bath robe, pushing a food cart. And good god I don't think I'd ever seen a hotter looking man in my life. Especially after the night we'd shared. His handsome face dark with beard shadow, chestnut hair tussled from me running my fingers through it for hours – especially when he'd been busy between my legs working his magic. I decided right then and there that he had to be the best looking man in the entire freaking world. And the icing on the cake was that naughty look in his eye was just for me.

"Hey, gorgeous," he said, flashing that sexy grin of his. "I ordered us some breakfast. Figured we could use some refueling, especially after the night we had."

He was right about that. God, what we'd done to each other. "I can see that," I said, eyeing the overflowing cart. 

Once he'd taken a seat on the edge of the bed, I couldn't stop myself from wrapping my arms around him, turning his head and kissing him hard on the mouth. I'd never felt like this with anyone before, not even close. I just couldn't get enough of him. And it all just felt so surreal. But the fact that he was old enough to be my father meant nothing. He was just Tom, Tom who rocked my world like no other man ever had. 

Finally, I glanced at the tray he was uncovering, lifting lid after lid off all that food. And there was just so much of it. Eggs, pancakes, bacon, sausages, muffins, fruit, tea and coffee, juice... and even a jar of jam... kiwi jam.

I grinned and reached out and plucked the jam off the tray. "Oh, good, now I have something to paint you with after we've eaten."

He chuckled and pulled me close and kissed me again. "The kitchen said they might have to send out for it, but I told them it had to be kiwi. So, I'm glad they came through for us."

This was why I think I was falling for him. Little things like this. Remembering how on our first wild weekend together we'd coated each other in the stuff, and nearly eaten each other alive. I'd never laughed so hard during sex, or enjoyed anyone more.

He pushed my dark hair back from my eyes, and holding my gaze, his tone suddenly serious he asked, "Are you still okay with this, with us?"

I could actually feel my eyes pop when he asked me that. He had to be kidding. I wanted him more than anything I'd ever wanted. Reassuring him, I nodded and said, "Yes. I want to be with you, Tom."

"Whew," he blew out a breath, shaking his head. "I was hoping you felt the same way. But you know it won't be easy for us. There's your parents and my daughter, and god my ex-wife. And I have no idea what they'll think. But I have a feeling a lot of people are going to be upset when they find out about us and what we've been up to."

I took hold of his chin and pressed a kiss to that beautiful mouth of his and enunciating each word, I said, "I. Don't. Care. All I care about is us, Tom – and the fact that we make each other happy." 

He grinned, looking relieved. "That's my girl."

And I was, too. I was Tom's now, and he was mine. And although he was right about how awkward it would be when everyone found out about us, I could really care less. At twenty four, about to turn twenty-five in a few weeks, I was old enough to know my own mind, and to know that he was all I'd ever wanted – since I'd been a girl really. But in my wildest fantasies, I'd never imagined it could be this good. 

Finally, I got out of bed, and Tom helped me into my robe, pressing a lingering kiss to my bare shoulder, before he slipped me into it. Ooh, I could get use to this.

We decided we'd eat out on the balcony. The hotel overlooked a golf course and the view was to die for. Nothing but lush green grass for as far as the eye could see. The sun was shining, and I have to say I'd never felt more content in my life. Smiling across the table at him, I loved how his eyes crinkled at the corners when he grinned at me. And luckily, I already knew what that grin meant. Once we were done, he had plans for me – naked plans. And as good as it felt, enjoying eating out here with him, I could hardly wait.

Sipping my tea, I said, "So, I guess Marnie and Baxter should be in Fiji by now." 

He nodded. "Yeah, they should. I hope they had a good trip. And I hoped they enjoyed the wedding, too. I thought it turned out pretty nice."

Giving him a smile, I said, "It was a beautiful wedding, Tom. And Marnie looked amazing."

He nodded smiling, too. "She did, didn't she?" Then he shook his head. "I can hardly believe she's all grown up and married."

Marnie and I had known each other since kindergarten, and Tom was always the coolest dad. He'd often take us for ice cream after school and even sing with us in the car when songs came on the radio we liked. He was always so much fun and so easy going. But in my mind, it was like there were two Toms – the one I knew as a girl, who'd helped me tie my sneakers, and the one I knew now, who I'd hoped would tie me up in bed one day. I bit my lip thinking about how odd and decidedly kinky that was, grinning. 

Finally putting down his coffee cup, he tipped his head and asked, "What's so funny?"

"Oh, I was just thinking back to when Marnie and I were young, and I thought you were the nicest, coolest dad in the world. And I now look at us like this."

The way he winced and closed his eyes, let me know that he wasn't enjoying the trip down memory lane as much as I was. "You know, Alexis, when you were just a kid, I can still remember helping you blow your nose."

My grinned widened as I said, "Yeah, and isn't it funny, that now I'm blowing you?"

He shook his head and laughed, agreeing, "Yeah."

Tom told me that he'd requested a late check out, so we took our time and enjoyed our breakfast, as well as each other's company. He was just so easy to be with. No drama, no crazy crap, like I'd experienced with all the other guys I'd dated – who'd all been closer to my age. 

After we'd decided we couldn't eat another bite, he pushed the cart back inside while I decided to stay out a little longer and enjoy the fresh air and the incredible view. But before I knew it, Tom was right up behind me, and fuck was he ever hard. I could feel his erection pressed up against my ass even through the heavy robe, sending the most delectable little shiver of anticipation straight up my spine. Turning my head, I grinned. "Anything I can help you with?"

"Yeah," he breathed against my neck, already sliding the robe up over my ass, exposing me to his view as he cupped my cheeks and squeezed. "As a matter of fact there is. How about you spread your legs for me, gorgeous?"

Ooh, gladly. Once I'd parted my thighs, I felt his hand brush over my sex, before he slipped in a finger, making me moan. As always with him, I was already so wet, and so ready. And the moment he pressed his thick cockhead to my opening, I closed my eyes, biting down hard on my lip. Oh, fuck yeah. Out here like this, in the harsh light of day with him taking me like this. Nothing had ever felt sweeter – or more illicit. 

As he pressed forward, he murmured against my ear, "This is what I wanted to do to you last night when you handed me that little thong on the dance floor, letting me know you were naked under your dress. For the rest of the night I was so fucking hard all I could think of was finding somewhere to bend you over so I could take you like this – you little tease." Still, as hard as he was, he took his time, pulling back and thrusting just a little deeper with each flex of his hips. Like he was savoring the feel of me – just as I was savoring the amazing feel of him, filling me up so incredibly tight. One hand in the top of robe tugging a nipple the other squeezing my hip as he deliciously filled and stretched me, I thrust back and groaned at the sensual feel of being fucked out here while others down below were golfing and going about their day, totally unaware. It always felt so hot with him. And I just knew our love life would never be boring. 

His lips on my neck, he murmured as he thrust into me, "Damn, you feel so good, Alexis, so fucking good."

Mmm, and so did he. Rock hard body pressed to my back, thick cock filling my needy pussy, I was in heaven. And I was so glad we'd determined we were both clean so he could take me like this whenever we wanted, without the need for condoms. I started to groan in earnest as he pressed my hips harder against the cool metal balcony. His guttural groans filling my head as his demanding cock filled me to the max. Despite how big he was, it never really hurt with him. It just felt so good and tight and incredible with the masterful way he fucked me.

"Damn, Alexis," he moaned as he picked up his pace, rocking into me harder. Thrusting back, matching his every stroke, my mouth falling open, I really started to groan out loud when his hand found my clit and started working me into yet another insanely hot climax. I'd never come much before, but now with him, it seemed to be all I ever did was climax, and scream and moan with the incredible way he could shake me to the core, over and over like this.

I honestly think we could fuck like this forever, and we'd still want more.

Finally, I began to cry out, sure I was seeing stars, afraid I'd start screaming my head off with the way he was sending me reeling over the edge, my pussy clenching tight around him as I came so hard I was trembling. But then he turned my head and took my mouth in a hot desperate open mouth kiss, his hips pistoning against my ass as he fucked me harder and rougher than we'd ever fucked before. As I felt myself falling apart, I groaned as he slammed into me then froze, his pulsing cock filling me with wave after wave of his hot seed as I clamped my pussy in a death grip around him, hating to think that he'd ever have to pull out. 

Clutching me to his chest he whispered, "Fuck, Alexis. I don't think I'll ever get enough of you."

My chest heaving, I felt the same way. Turning my head, I cupped his face in my hand and kissed him. "Believe me, Tom, neither will I."

Once we were finally back in the room, not nearly done with him, I smiled coyly, pushing the robe off his shoulders and letting it fall to the floor. Bending, I nipped at one round brown nipple, laughing as he began to groan all over again. "Oh, god, Alexis," he murmured, as I reached for the jar of jam on the tray and began to playfully paint him from his lips all the way down to his cock, smearing it on good and thick, so I'd have that much more to lick off. 

"Mmm," I murmured as I traced my tongue around that flat little nipple, enjoying the tangy tartness of the jam as well as the slight saltiness of his flesh, declaring him, "utterly delectable," as I licked my lips. And then slowly I trailed my teasing tongue down his body, dipping the tip into his navel as I squeezed his tight ass in my hands, grinning as his groan grew louder. Then sinking into the plush carpet on my knees, my gaze locked on his, I took his cock in my mouth, savoring every long, luscious inch of him, surprised that he was already getting hard, especially so soon after he'd just taken me on the balcony. Smiling into his eyes, licking all around the swollen tip, I murmured, "Wow, look at you – so hard already."

Then I laughed as he shook his head and rolled his eyes, his hands weaving into my hair as I began to suck him back into the heat of my mouth. "I can't imagine why," he murmured, already sounding breathless.

Laving his balls with my tongue, loving the feel of his long thick cock more than filling my hand as I stroked him up and down, licking at him, I grinned up at him. "You have to have the most amazing cock in the whole wide world, you know that?"

Lifting an eyebrow he asked, "And you'd know that how?"

I laughed again as I licked my way back up to the tip. "Oh come on, although I haven't seen all that many, I can still tell yours is pretty damn special."

"Good to know," he said, as he groaned that much deeper, beginning to subtly fuck my mouth, hips slightly thrusting as he wound his hands into my hair a little tighter and tugged. "Fuck me, this feels good," he growled as I took him as deep as I could, pleased that I hadn't gagged once I felt his cock hit the back of my throat. Who knew I could deep throat? Wow. Seems with him I could do anything. 

Really beginning to suck on him, clenching his ass in my hands, I could feel his balls tightening, and knew he was about to lose it again, so circling his little butt hole with my finger, I pressed in, just enough to get a startled gasp out of him. I smiled around his cock. Fuck this was fun, teasing him like this, even as I blew him. 

But then I was the one surprised when that one little move with my finger made him go all cave man, shocking the hell out of me when he pulled his cock out of my mouth, grabbed me under the arms, tossed me over his shoulder and stalked over to the bed with me hanging down his back, my long dark hair trailing down his legs to his feet. Then tossing me roughly onto the bed, he dropped onto his back and tugged me over him, my knees straddling his face, he fiercely warned, "You'd better grab that head board good and tight."

Wow. My brows shot up. Clear from the tone of his voice he meant business, he didn't have to tell me twice. Grasping the edge in a death grip, I cried out, slightly startled when he grabbed my ass and dragged my body down to his face, till he had my pussy sitting right on his mouth, where he began to feverishly eat me out. My first full body shudder tearing through me, I knew I'd never experienced anything hotter as he literally made a meal of me, feasting on my cunt, ravaging tongue and teeth and lips nearly driving me out of my ever loving mind as I thrust down deliriously feeding my sex to his demanding mouth. My head tossed back, my super-charged pussy tingling wildly, with him sucking mind-numbingly hard on my clit, one finger dangerously circling my butt hole, I felt a shiver of heart-pounding lust race through me so damn hard, I nearly collapsed in a needy pile on his face. "Jesus, Alexis," he muttered as he lapped at me over and over, "I just can't stop with you."

And why would I ever want him to stop when he could make me feel like this? Like my body was on fire for him, my throbbing pussy ready to detonate with how amazingly he was working it. And his finger teasing in and out of my ass only made it that much hotter – insanely so. Fuck me. I could die right now, and I'd be more than happy to go. If I thought our time at the cabin was hot, this was right off the fucking charts. "Oh, god, Tom," I moaned as I felt myself ready to come again. But this time was different, so much stronger as I actually felt the tell-tale tingling race all way up my spine to my brain – blinding white lights and scorching hot zings of earthshattering pleasure taking over my entire being. "Oh, god, yes," I cried out as he savagely thrust his tongue into me, ruthlessly fucking my pussy, my swollen clit pulsing so damn hard, I wondered if I'd faint. 

But still he didn't stop, or even slow down, and for the first time ever I felt myself squirt as I came harder than I even knew I could, and he just lapped it up, like an amazing gift I'd bestowed on him. "God, you're sweet," he murmured against my sodden cunt as he sucked those tender swollen lips into his mouth. And I could feel my pussy pulsing even harder than my heart, nearly beating out of my chest. It was just so crazy and so damn hot, I half wondered if we'd burn up from the intensity.

Then suddenly he was flipping me over onto all fours, giving me no chance to recover, as he came at me from behind, clutching my hips in his hands. Still panting, I slammed my eyes shut as he plowed into me, his invading cock sliding deep and hard, stretching and filling my pussy to the max. I shuddered at the excuisite feel of him savagely taking me like this, ravaging me. We were like wild animals, primal and desperate as we straight up fucked. Thrusting my ass back to meet his hips, the slick slapping of our flesh was so erotic, so shockingly satisfying as he took me like a man possessed – that I actually wondered if he'd throw his head back and howl. And I knew I'd never wanted this more than with him right now. Only he could do this to me, blindly make me crave him like this. My pussy still quivering like it would never stop, my breasts hot and tingling, he reached around and roughly twisted my nipples. And now I was sure I'd died and gone to heaven, it all felt so crazy fucking good. 

I heard him groan as I let out my own desperate cry, buried as deep as he could go, I could feel the hot pulse of his release as he filled me all over again, as amazingly I felt myself ejaculate again, my slick juices making me so much wetter. My pussy clamping and unclamping around him, I gasped as my arms and legs began to quake. Wondering in the back of my mind, if people could actually fuck themselves to death – because right now, I figured we were in serious danger of doing just that. 

My forehead mooring me to the bed, fighting like hell to catch my breath, I felt him press his lips to my back, trailing his mouth up to my neck, he whispered against my ear, "Alexis, I didn't hurt you, did I?"

Finally able to smile I shook my head. "No. That was just so..." Fuck, how could I even describe the best ride of my life? Now all I hoped was that he'd felt it, too.

Resting his face on my shoulders, his harsh breaths tickling my neck, he murmured, "Yeah, believe me, I know."

Seems we brought out the beast in each other, and I was more than fine with that. If anyone thought Tom was too old for me, he'd just provided proof positive that he was in prime physical condition. Men half his age couldn't have done what he he'd just done to me. Afraid to move in case I shattered into a million pieces, but still desperately needing to touch him, I reached down and took his hand and squeezed. And he squeezed me right back. Lord, I really could die right now, because really what more could I ever hope for after an indescribably earth-shattering experience like that? 
