 I'd visited the place a few times, and she'd been my contact there. I'd not had big orders from them, but then it's a major thing for a place like that to transfer their supply on day one and place all their orders with a competitor, so it takes a little coaxing, over time to get them to do it all for you. 

I'd therefore visited my contact quite a few times.

Her name was Tiffany - how can I describe her - I won't I'll leave her to your imagination. But, suffice to say, she was well worth the visits to her at the school.

She is a teacher, and whenever I arrived early and was led to her classroom, she always had that schoolteacher air to her, the authority over a classroom, with respect for her pupils, but also in control. 

In those minutes before she was free I'd watch her, the way she moved as she finished off the mornings teaching. I always made my appointments just before lunchtime so we had an hour or so for me to try and persuade her to use us as suppliers. 

Sometimes it was very business like, and sometimes she was quite coy, sometimes flirtatious. 

Now being the salesman that I am I can play along with any kind of outward showing, sometimes however I got the feeling it was a little more.

I had an appointment with her Thursday lunchtime, but she rang and cancelled and for some reason it was disappointing, more than just a sales visit cancelled, I'd watched her closely in those last few minutes before she finished teaching, perhaps I watched a little too closely.

She rang me on Friday morning and apologised, a meeting had cropped up. She asked could I make it Friday at the end of school, now anybody else and it would have been a no, I'd be on my way home and ready for the weekend.

But for her a little detour was ok.

I arrived a little before the end of school and was shown to the classroom, I sat and waited for her to end the class, I noticed her move as she finished off the week. She seemed to have a little extra sway in her movements, probably just ready for the rest, and some relaxing time. She dismissed the class for the weekend. 

" Give me a minute I just need to check something."

As the corridors emptied and I sat there I saw pupils tail off, and teachers pass the door as they left for a weekend. It fell quiet as the rabble tailed off.

I heard footsteps in the corridor and the door handle go, I looked to the door, and she stood there with the door wide open.

" Come with me."

I stood and followed her to the classroom next door, I noticed a definite sway I wished I'd seen before as she led me to the classroom two doors down. She unlocked the door and walked in, I followed, she turned, and then locked the door behind us.

Amazing how the click of a lock can re align the thoughts going through your head. Why lock the door when the schools empty?

" We don't want to be disturbed do we?"

"No?"

"I've seen you watch me, watch my ass walk round as I teach, then you go into your sales man routine, and it all gets boring, ever had to have a piece of ass to make a sale?"

She wasn't anticipating a response and as she walked over and knelt down in front of me, She wasn't really going to get one from me.

Her hands went to my belt and she undid it with the usual struggles but also purposeful ease. She didn't look up.

At this point I was starting to get hard, this girl wasn't so much into being coy anymore. She knew what she wanted, she undid the clip on my suit trousers, and I heard the familiar rasp as my zip lowered.

Her hand pulled the edge of my trousers down and in the quickness from locking the door to my cock being in her hand through my boxer shorts, it had not got fully hard, but was well on the way there now.

She knelt back and pulled my trousers down with one hand, released her grip and undid my shoes and took them off.

She rubbed me through my boxer shorts briefly, and then with both hands free pulled them down.

My cock unfurled in its almost hard state and as she removed my boxers and socks in one movement it nudged against her face. She hadn't said another word as her hand came back up and lifted my cock into her mouth, as I felt her wet mouth discover me, I unconsciously started pulsing blood into it, feeling it grow on her discovering tongue.

This was no romantic, soft, lovemaking session, this was a need on her half to fuck. I was just the chosen 'victim'.

She took my head in her mouth and sucked hard, harder and hungrier than I had felt before, she had me hard within a minute, her hand wanked fast at the base of me and the head was in her mouth, there was a need for her to satisfy herself, she was sucking my cock to get me hard -- not to turn me on, but with a purpose of getting a stiff cock for what SHE wanted.

I felt her move as she spread her knelt legs, her free hand had snaked down and pulled her skirt up and from what I could see, past her hair, and her face bobbing around my cock, her hand had found her pussy. I couldn't see it, but from the movements she was playing with herself.

At this point she was still fully clothed and had only moved clothing around, I stood there naked from the waist down, with my tie and jacket still on.

The intensity of what she was doing was building in me in her mouth, she looked up at me, took my cock purposefully from her mouth and said.

"I want you to fuck me, over that desk, don't love me, just fuck me"

She stood up and walked over to the teachers' desk, leading me by the cock. She sat on the very edge of the desk, wrapped a calf around the back of my thigh, and pulled me towards her clean shaved pussy, not to her, it didn't matter about me, or her, just her hungry, sluttish pussy getting filled.

She aimed my cock with one hand full of purpose -- spread her lips with her other, as her calf around my ass now guided me to her hungry hole.

First contact elicited a moan from her. Her amazingly strong leg urging me into her.

She was wet not just from the brief playing, she'd obviously been building up to this all day, probably been wet in anticipation from lunch time, maybe longer. Maybe since she had made her phone call to me this morning and put her plan in place.

I slid into her with ease, she was ready for this, ready and wanting some hard cock fucking her wanton pussy nothing more. Not wanting to be naked and kissed all over, none of the pleasantries, just a good hard fucking. And that's what she was going to get. As I eased all the way in there was a little resistance, but very little friction, she was so wet. 

I started fucking her as she held on to me sat up, I was thrusting hard giving her what she wanted as she held on to my upper body.

"Lay down I can get into you better then."

She laid down across the teachers' desk, I opened her legs further around me and I began thrusting hard into her. Her hands were pulling at my waist, pulling me into her with each thrust. She needed more -- I'd not pushed fully into her as sometimes if you do that straight away it can hurt till a girl gets used to you.

"Fuck me harder, and deeper, I want all of you."

I lifted her legs up to my shoulders that way I could grip the front of her upper thighs and bear right into her, I slowly pushed deep till I felt the full resistance of her womb.

"That better?" I said trying to be cocky.

"Yes, now fuck me fast, I need to come." Taking it back away.

I drew my cock back to her lips, only just inside her, and thrust forward deep and hard into her.

"Yes. That's it, harder, and deeper." 

Within a minute she was Cumming.

"God I'm wet, your making me cum, cum around that lovely cock of yours, keep fucking me, I want you to make me cum again and again."

She came around my cock, flooding her pussy with her juice, making the thrusting into her even easier but with that the friction reduced. I remembered a little thing from an ex girlfriend of mind who used to flood, when she came like that we had the same problem.

I put both her legs over one shoulder and crossed them forcing her thighs to clench around her pussy, around my cock. It increased the friction and the feeling of her being fucked ten fold. I hoped the same thing would work here.

It did and instantly her talking disappeared into a series of half words and moans as she was taken over into the world of not caring about anything other than being fucked. 

At this point a classroom full of kids could have walked in and she wouldn't have cared other than getting fucked, hard, deep, straightforward, fucking.

She continued to cum, one blending into the other, till the shear state of her wet pussy over took me. It was no good, I wasn't going to last, I was going to cum myself. Cum inside this wonderful, purposeful woman, with a need to be fucked. Nothing more just sex for sex sake. 

As that thought went through my mind and my cock plummeted into her cumming pussy I throbbed and released inside her. Shooting deep into her. She had to feel it inject into her through her own juices, such was the force of my cum.

Her moaning turned into a long line of "yeses" as I held myself in her, her ass crushed tight against my thighs and my cum spilling into her from 5, 6, 7,8 pumps full of cum each time, a forceful thrust with each pump, feeling it fill her, and her push back around my throbbing cock.

The cum spilling out of her pussy, our breathing heavy, and ragged, as I stood barely keeping my own weight upright, but still maintaining tensing as the spurts inside her were squeezing out the remainder of my dribbling cum inside her.

Coming down from this took a little while, as we stayed pretty still with just occasional involuntary thrusts from each of us in that electrified state.

The embarrassing what now, as your cock starts to soften didn't happen, she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, with no reason really other that to point out her open mouthed breathing as her chest heaved up and down trying to refill her exhausted lungs.

As it calmed, she lowered her legs, aching I guess from the time tensed up over my shoulder, she sat up, placed her head on my chest and continued to catch her breath, my cock still inside her, I felt her head moving. She was trying to get a good look at the scene, me half inside her, with a combination of cum dripping of both of us, her thong to one side of her pussy was marked with the wetness she had overcome all day to teach, the 5 or so orgasms she had. The escaping cum of me in pools around the puffy lips of a hard fucked pussy. 

She moved and slowly eased my cock out of her, as I looked down she pulled the thong back over her swollen sensitive lips, as I watched I saw a combination of her pussy juice and my cum change the colour of the gusset of her thong.

"That, I'll keep for later, do you have it in you to cum again? I want to taste you now"

"Oh god yes"

With that she climbed off the desk, knelt back down and again took me in her mouth. She stated off quite tenderly sucking and licking me, I was quite sensitive after cumming inside her that first time, and her gentle slow start was appreciated. 

She sat me down in the teachers' chair at the desk, a good idea with the state of my legs. As she slowly lapped at my soaked balls and the base of my cock she spoke between licks and gentle sucks.

"I bet you wonder why I brought you into this classroom rather than mine don't you?"

I hadn't really thought about anything since we had got in the room, but she was expecting me to enquire.

"Yes I did."

"Well the guy that teaches in here, pervert, thought he was in with a chance with me.

"He sent a private note with one of the kids asking me to come into his class room, this one, one break time, I did and when I got here thinking it was something important, he grabbed my ass, as I spun round to ask him what the hell he was doing he planted a kiss on my lips, I pushed him off and asked him what the hell he thought he was doing, he just said he thought I'd been coming on to him.

"Taken back I asked why the hell he thought a happily married woman with a wonderful husband and a child like myself, would throw all that away for a fling with a work colleague, he looked sheepish and apologised.

"I left telling him I'd think about whether I ought to report him to the school board. I decided not to as it did turn me on but he wasn't the guy I wanted. I decided to get my revenge by doing exactly what he had wanted to do, where he wanted it to happen, but with someone else instead. And that was you, today."

As it sunk in that I was a revenge fuck and that probably pointed out the where and when, after her statement of being happily married with a kid I didn't understand the why. 

I wasn't going to ask and spoil the fucking, or the slow blowjob currently happening to me. And I knew there and then this was only a fuck thing, I was the fuck thing, and it may not happen again, even though the horniest thing was that this woman was full of lust, not passion. Just pure lust, in needing a good fucking. 

Thank god the other guy had tried to take advantage or I wouldn't be the lucky candidate here now getting the benefits of his improper advance.

I took the time as her head sunk down again on my cock to smile to myself about the luck I had of being in the right place, at the right time, and it getting to be fucking this gorgeous horny woman.

The smile was wiped of my face as I looked down to see her trying her best to deep throat my cock, she shuffled her legs to raise the angle a little and get better access as her head went down till her lips touched her hand, clamped around the base of my cock.

She eased off a little and tried again, changing the angle of her head again. What a wonderful horny slut she is, she'd made it clear I was just sex nothing more, not even sure there was an attraction but definitely a need for satisfaction.

Her smutty mouth continued down this time, and as her lips reached her hand again, her hand started to flatten around my lower stomach as her mouth went further down my cock, taking more in her mouth. 

She wouldn't be able to go that low again, the sight was quickly bringing me back to full hardness, and as she felt the pulse in her hand she knew. She started wanking me again as she held the head in her mouth.

I watched mesmerised as her experienced hands played, and wanked, and teased my balls all at the same time, I was glad I had shaved myself and seeing all the detail was easy, - watching is a big turn on for me.

I felt the rise as she carried on, but I also needed to know she was turned on, I sat up a little and undid the top button of what was now an ill fitting blouse, she kept her mouth around my cock, but took her hands off it to remove her jacket. She threw it on the floor where I could see the deep creases in the back from the desk earlier, she undid the buttons of her blouse to reveal a black bra, but as she did she returned her hands to my aching cock which threatened to fall out of her mouth.

She didn't remove her blouse but I leant forward to cup her breast in my hand, I could feel the erect nipple through her bra, I slid my hand inside it and pulled the cup down so I could put flesh on flesh.

Her nipple pushed hard into the palm of my hand and a gentle squeeze of her full breast brought a moan around my cock, amplifying the sensations I was getting. Her breasts had been neglected earlier, but were now showing their sensitivity in this slutty woman, firm pliable nipples to my touch.

She started wanking me faster as I needed the whole of her breast, I took her hard nipple in my finger tips and gave it a squeeze, she liked that, liked the sluttyness of a little 'firmness', not pain. Her reaction of almost biting my cock in her mouth told me to do it again, but I was going to tease her a little, I tickled it with the end of my fingers, brushing the tips across it.

She again sped up the actions on my cock and I squeezed her nipple again from her reaction to my attention, I would say she came. Her actions on my cock slowed, and then after increased, it was no good this attention was going to make me cum again.

"I'm gonna cum."

"Then cum -- tell me exactly when though."

As she continued faster, building the pressure inside me, I treasured the vision in front of me: -

My hand inside her opened blouse, playing with her nipple, hanging out of her bra. Her hands, one on my balls, and one wanking my cock between her lips, just still showing faint traces of lipstick, but most of it removed by her actions. Her long permed hair framing the scene in front of me.

It was no good, I couldn't hold back any longer.

As I froze that scene in my mind I told this, this dirty woman

"I'm gonna cum."

She took my cock from her mouth when she was certain I was definitely Cumming from the pulses, held her mouth open for me to see it shoot into her, but that was no good.

As the first spurt tensed my cock, it shot at her forehead, and into the front of her hair. 

The second spurt tensed me again and her tightened grip meant it spurt sideways to her cheek and started dripping down. 

The third one again spurted over her nose and upper cheek.

The forth was not as powerful and shot straight into her mouth.

The fifth, and the following dribbles were in her mouth and over her lips and chin, though as I closed my eyes with the intensity of release, I wasn't sure where else it landed on her.

I laid there in the chair as she licked the tip of my cock clean with her expert tongue. I felt her shoulders relax on my legs and her whole body soften, as I realised the strength with which I had been squeezing her nipple. It would be sore for a while after, but it also seemed to give her an orgasm at the same time, judging by her breathing and the way she came down from it.

I stayed like that catching my breath, as she took slow strokes and languid licks at my cock, as I opened my eyes I saw her looking up my cum sliding down her face from pools all around it. The slutty scene before me caused my cock to pulse one last time, but I was spent. No more life left in my used cock. She offered me a cum soaked smile, and sat back a little on her heals, released my cock as it 'fainted' from her hand to lay on my stomach.

"Your clean, I made sure of that! You had better get dressed and leave. The door at the end of the hall is open."

With that she stood up and adjusted her blouse, fastened the buttons on it, picked up her jacket and put it on.

"I have to go and clean myself up and get off home to my husband. I'll call you with an order next week.

" Bye for now"

She walked out of the door -- or should I say stumbled, her curly hair matted at the front with my cum, her face also covered with it, but she had made no attempt to wipe any away, other than a few drops that were threatening to fall onto her dishevelled blouse and suit jacket -- She had been fucked and it showed in her blushed face, her state of dress, and her wobble.

It is to be hoped she didn't plan on driving in the next half hour.

I picked up my boxers and trousers put them on, sat back down in the chair to take in what had just happened, but I couldn't. She had disappeared, gone to the bathroom to clean up.

I put my socks and shoes on and picked up my brief case. Took a reminiscent look around the room and left, as I walked out of the door there was no sign of anyone else around. I walked across the courtyard swinging my briefcase like a kid with a school bag from the 50's.

Wonder what kind of order she will place next time?