 It was around six o'clock in the evening, and I had just got home from work. As soon as I had opened the door to my apartment, a slight unpleasant odour had hit my nose and I remembered that I needed to take out the trash. I gathered it up and headed downstairs, then walked out to the back parking lot behind my building where the dumpster is.

I had just finished tossing the bag into the bin, noticing with disgust how many flies were buzzing lazily around the growing piles of refuse that had spent too much time in the August sun, when I saw Glenda. I don't often run into her, despite having lived in the same apartment building as her for the last 8 years, but today I had got home a little later than usual, and I spotted her getting out of her car.

I had my nose scrunched up from the smell of the heated trash bags and my eyes were kind of squinty, and so I was able to see Glenda even though she was in the covered parking area and it was much darker than where I was standing in the bright sunlight. Glenda was a lot older than me. I'm not a good judge of age, I'll be the first to admit that, but I'd say that she was probably in her early 50's, which would give her about 15 years on me. She was very slim, bordering on skinny, with ash blonde hair that ended just past her shoulders. She couldn't have been more than 5"2, probably less as she barely came up to my chin, but she had this intense kind of personality that made her seem somehow taller.

Glenda was walking away from her car and started heading for the back entrance to the building, close to where I was standing. Even in the dim light of the covered parking area I could see that she was upset, and as she got closer I could see that she had been crying. 

I felt a little awkward because even though we'd spoken plenty of times, I had never seen her upset like this before and I didn't know quite what to say. I hate saying something that I realize is inappropriate only after I've blurted it out, so I just walked down the corridor leading to the back door and opened it. I held it open and stepped aside for Glenda as she caught up to me, and she thanked me as she passed by.

We walked to the elevator together, and when we got in and the door closed, I asked Glenda if she was okay. She started to nod and say something, but sudden tears began to flow and she choked up. The elevator door opened onto our floor and we both got out. I looked at her as she started to walk away towards her apartment, and I said "Would you like to have a beer with me? I've got a six pack in the fridge, and I have a feeling at least one of them has your name on it."

Glenda stopped, and I could tell that she was thinking about the implications of what I had just said. She stood half turned towards me for a moment, and then she seemed to make up her mind, because she wiped away her tears and turned her body so that she was fully facing me and said "A beer sounds amazing right now. Sure, I'll come have a drink with you."

We walked down the hall to my apartment, and I took my keys out and unlocked the door. My place was empty. Not literally empty, of course. I mean, there was furniture and dishes and appliances and all the typical clutter that goes with apartment life, but it was empty in the sense that there was no one there. My wife and I had separated almost a year before, and I was still trying to piece my life back together. The reasons why we split don't really matter. They're certainly nothing special or unique in any way. Most of our problems were about money, and one day she had finally had enough. I really can't blame her, but it still hurts. 

For 10 months I had basically been going through the motions of life, not really feeling anything, just eating, sleeping, working, and trying to figure out what I wanted to do. 

I had been fantasizing about Glenda for years. In addition to a slim body and blonde hair, she also has large, firm breasts with big nipples that always seem to be standing at attention, and a killer face. Something about her mouth just turns me on, and all I can think about whenever I see it is how good that mouth would look sucking on my cock.

I flipped the lights on and turned towards Glenda and motioned towards the fridge. "Help yourself. I've just got to get out of my work clothes. I'll only be a minute."

Glenda nodded her head, and I made my way down the hall to my bedroom. I got in there and began to undress, but after about 30 seconds I suddenly remembered that there was someone else here with me and I moved to close my open bedroom door. It was too late. Glenda was standing there, a little smile on her sexy mouth. She asked me where I kept my bottle opener. I quickly covered myself and told her to check the first drawer with the utensils. She turned and went back to the kitchen, and as I zipped up my jeans I could hear the sound of a bottle cap hitting the counter top.

I joined Glenda in the living room where she was sitting on my black leather sectional couch, and as she sat on the chaise lounge part of the couch, I cracked my beer and sat opposite her on the sofa part. I said "So, you want to talk about it?"

Glenda took a long sip from her beer and said "I just found out my boyfriend has been cheating on me, and we broke up tonight."

I said "I'm so sorry. You don't deserve that." She just nodded and took another swig from her almost empty bottle.

"You want another one? I asked."

Glenda said yes, and so I got up and went to the kitchen to get us a couple more. When I got back, she had lain down and had propped her head up with a couple of throw pillows. I set the beers down on the coffee table and sat in my spot, which was now right beside her. I looked at her for a few seconds, and then I said "Why don't we drink to the ones that fucked us over?"

Glenda looked back at me, propping herself up on one arm, and then grabbed her fresh beer off of the table and said "The ones that fucked us over. Cheers!" We clinked bottles and we each took a long pull. I could already feel a buzz coming on, and I knew that Glenda, who is much smaller than me, must be feeling it even more than I was.

We set our drinks down again, and as Glenda turned her head towards me she reached over and put her hand on my thigh. I looked into her eyes, and I could see the desire in them. My cock instantly began to stiffen, quickly becoming an obvious bulge in the front of my jeans. Glenda's hand moved smoothly up my thigh to my bulge, and she began to slowly but firmly slide her hand up and down the length of my growing erection. She said "I saw you in the bedroom and I know what you've got in there, mister, and I want it."

A small moan escaped my lips, and Glenda began to undo my belt. She got the buckle undone, and then went for my zipper, a look of eagerness on her face. Her lust was making my cock harder than ever, and when she finally got my zipper undone she pulled my jeans and under wear down and my erect cock sprang out, already throbbing and dribbling a small amount of glistening pre cum from the tip. This seemed to drive her wild because she immediately got up off of the couch and knelt between my legs, grabbed my cock with her right hand and put it in her mouth.

Oh my God, it felt so good! Glenda's mouth was warm and tight, and as she gently sucked I knew I wouldn't last long. As soon as I had got hard, my foreskin had pulled back, but Glenda gripped my cock and pushed the foreskin back over the tip, then slid her tongue underneath it and swirled and licked my swollen, purple head all over, nearly making me cum right away. 

But Glenda was good. She could tell when I was getting close, and just as I was sure that I couldn't hold back any longer, she would ease up and do something else for a few minutes, licking and sucking my smoothly shaved balls, stroking my rigid shaft up and down, keeping me hard without driving me over the edge.

Glenda sucked and licked and stroked my throbbing cock until I thought I would go insane with pleasure and the need for release, when suddenly she looked me in the eyes and said " Cum for me honey. Shoot your load right in my mouth!" This was too much for me, and as she sucked, my cock exploded in ecstasy, sending jets of thick, warm cum spurting into Glenda's gorgeous mouth. She never stopped, she just kept sucking and stroking me, moaning and swallowing every drop of jizz that I had to give her.

When Glenda was done she lay back down on the chaise, and I stood up and moved over to the end where her feet were. She was laying there, legs slightly spread, and I could see that the crotch of her jeans was soaked with her own juices.

I moaned again, and said "Now it's my turn. I'm going to lick your hot, wet pussy until you cum."

I grabbed the waist of her jeans and pulled them down to her knees, then slid them completely off and dropped them on the floor. She wasn't wearing any underwear, which partially explained how her jeans got so wet, and I could see that she was literally dripping with sex. I moved in between her legs and spread them further apart, then lowered my face to her aching pussy and began to lick. I couldn't believe how good she tasted!

Glenda gasped and moaned and said "Ooohh yesss, oh my God! Mmmmmmm..."

As Glenda squirmed with pleasure, I ran my tongue up and down her sopping wet pussy lips, flicking her clit on the upward strokes, and slipping it inside her hole on the downward ones. I groaned and said "Sooo good. This is soooo fucking good! I've never had such a delicious pussy like this before."

I gently sucked on Glenda's swollen clit, flicking it with my tongue as she twisted and moaned, and as she grabbed the back of my head with both hands and pushed my face harder into her pussy, she said "Mmmmm fuck baby that's sooo good. Stick your tongue in me. Lick me inside."

I spread Glenda's swollen labia apart, fully exposing her dark, pink hole and I plunged my eager tongue deep inside. Her pussy tasted sweet and salty, and her inner flesh was warm and smooth and it gripped my tongue as I licked and swirled and penetrated her, tasting her hot sex and letting it fill my senses.

I could suddenly feel Glenda tense up, and I knew she was close to climaxing. I slid my tongue inside her pussy deeper than ever, and as I grabbed her ass, she reared up and thrust her dripping hole against my mouth and came. Glenda's whole body began to spasm, and as her pussy contracted, I could feel her cum squirting into my mouth. She screamed "Ooooohhhhhhhhhuuhh! Oh fuck oh fuck yes don't stop! Unnnnnnnnnnhhhhh oooooohmyyyygoddd!" 

Glenda bucked and writhed as she orgasmed with my tongue still deep inside her, and my face was soaked with her juices. The smell of her pussy was everywhere, all over my face, in my nose, my mouth, my hair.

That smell made me so crazy with desire that my cock was already hard again. I pulled Glenda towards me and flipped her over onto her stomach, and drew her legs up over the edge of the black chaise lounge. With her bent over the edge of the couch, I got on my knees behind her and slid my rock hard cock into her pussy. She gasped and said "Oooh, yeah honey! Mmmm...just like that. Fuck me with your big fat dick!"

I continued to thrust and fuck and work Glenda's pussy with my cock, until I could feel that I was going to cum again. With my teeth clenched and my whole body vibrating like a tuning fork I shouted "Ooohhh...I'm gonna cum now! Cum with me baby! Cum on my cock!"

I came for the second time in 15 minutes, and this time I could barely control myself. I thrust my throbbing cock into Glenda's aching hole as deep as I could and emptied my balls into her. She started to cum, and as she dug her fingers into the couch cushion I grabbed her thighs with both hands and pulled her towards me until my balls were pressing hard up against her pussy, and she screamed in orgasmic ecstasy.

When it was over, we got dressed and Glenda went back to her apartment. But as she was leaving, she turned to me and said "I'm doing laundry tomorrow night. Maybe you could come down and keep me company while I wait? I'll make it worth your time..."