 Editor: WhiteWave48

This is a true story of something that happened to me a few years back while walking home one mild winter night.

When I was living in Sydney a few years ago, I made a regular nightly visit to the local club at the end of the road to have a cold beer, catch up with a few mates and have a nice cheap meal. On this particular night, however, I wasn't expecting anything exciting to happen on the short walk back home.

After leaving the club, I was walking along a dimly lit street that had the odd car rushing past. I hardly noticed a woman cross the street and start walking a few feet behind me – at least not until she started singing to herself. I initially thought she'd had a bit too much to drink and was just happy, but then she asked me something very clearly.

"Are you horny?" 

I turned on the spot, unsure for a second how to answer. I thought I'd just be honest as I looked at this girl who'd asked me a surprising question. She was about 5'5", mid weight with short yet thick curly hair, and she appeared to be in her late twenties.

"Ah, yeah, always," I replied, unable to come up with an intelligent answer.

By this stage I'd walked one city block - half the distance to my unit - and was standing on a well lit corner. No cars were driving past and only the odd light from surrounding houses indicated that people were only a few feet away behind their doors. 

The young woman sat down on some steps and spread her legs, causing her small blue denim mini skirt to ride up revealing no underwear and a bald, wet pussy. She immediately started running her fingers over her mound smiling at me. 

Still taken aback at this strange exhibitionist, I stood and watched, waiting for someone to walk past, or at least someone in a passing car to catch a glimpse of the show I was enjoying. 

"I can't fuck you," she stated, continuing her show. "My boyfriend's overseas and I don't want to be unfaithful to him, but I can give you a head job."

"Sounds good to me," I happily replied.

This strange stranger abruptly stood up and walked down a narrow footpath between two houses. Without hesitation I followed her into the shadows. As soon as we were out of sight from the road she squatted down, grabbing my fly and quickly pulling it down. She pried free my now hardening cock and in one motion took it deep in her mouth, letting out a guttural moan in the process. In a few seconds I was rock hard, tickling her tonsils with the end of my prick. 

She was obviously no amateur at this, applying lots of pressure with her lips while running her tongue over the head of my cock. I was in a bit of a daze, hardly believing what was happening but I was also overwhelmed with a curiosity to find out more about this mysterious woman. 

"Um, so, what do you do for a job?" I sheepishly asked.

"I'm a nurse," she replied from the corners of her mouth.

"So do you do this kind of thing often?" I asked in between moans. 

As much as she seemed to be enjoying giving me a blowjob, she promptly took my cock out to answer me quite abruptly, "No," before engulfing it once again in the depths of her mouth. The harsh reply make me think twice about making pleasant conversation and I decided to shut up and enjoy the moment. 

I braced myself against the wall of the house as she bobbed her head up and down over my throbbing cock. I could hardly keep my concentration up, not being used to standing while getting a blowjob, let alone doing it in a public place. After a couple of minutes of her oral attack I told her that I was going to come. 

This didn't deter her for a second as she continued sucking my pulsating cock. She flicked her tongue over the head causing me to shoot deep into her mouth. This mysterious girl kept up the assault with her tongue catching spurt after spurt. Holding my cock deep in her mouth, she paused before swallowing hard. 

Normally I'm very vocal, but I stood motionless trying my best not to moan out in ecstasy knowing that people were only a few feet away. As she got gingerly to her feet, I grabbed my still hard cock and eased it back into the confines of my underpants then zipped up my pants. 

I must have stepped back a few feet because our quiet dark alley way quickly burst into light as a security spotlight blazed into life. Like a couple of teenagers we ran out of the narrow alley, laughing as we ran down the street. We stopped a safe distance away and I thanked her for the blowjob.

"Anytime you like," she responded with a sly smile.

"How about an hour?" I queried pushing my luck. "I think I need time to recover."

"Fine," she casually replied, walking back into the darkness from where she'd come a few minutes earlier. I watched her move off, wondering if she'd show up again as she said, or if her parting word was just that and nothing more. I turned and walked the short distance to my unit.

The cold harsh reality of everyday life quickly returned when I walked inside to find my dickhead roommate slouching on the couch watching TV. I'd been in the process of kicking him out of the unit, and right now our living situation was very icy. 

To get out of his hair and kill time I carefully ironed my business shirts for the following week, trying my best to make the task last an hour, all the time thinking of that surprise gift out of the darkness and the possibility of another to come. Checking my watch, I hung up the last shirt and left my unit again to walk the one block distance to see if my mysterious girl was going to show up. 

I arrived within two minutes finding nothing but darkness on a quiet Sydney winter night. A few street lights illuminated the road with an old faded VW beetle parked directly under one of them. The door of the bug creaked open and the short wiry hair pf my mysterious sexy stranger emerged.

"You're back for more?" she cheekily asked, walking up to me.

"Shit yes."

"Let's go then," she responded ,walking off, this time to the opposite side of the road from where we'd been busted by the security light. The house she walked up to was darkened but we cautiously made our way to the side of the property away from the street.



As she had done just over an hour earlier, she again squatted down, unzipping my fly and engulfing my hardening cock. I leaned against the old wooden house that she'd chosen and enjoyed the experience of having my balls drained for the second time that evening, trying my best to keep quiet with a window only a few feet away. 

Finishing pleasuring me, she stood up and we walked quietly back into the street towards her car. She climbed iinto it without saying a word and fired up the engine causing the old bug to burst into life with its familiar drone. I tried to get her attention to thank her for the free blowjob but she paid no attention, driving off into the darkness.

It was then I realized that I hadn't even gotten her name. But neither that, nor the fact that I never saw her again around the area, lessened the memory of the oddest sexual encounter that I've had in my life so far.