 Natalie's naughty school girl

Natalie brought more than her teaching dreams and aspirations with her when she secured a position at a prestigious college for ladies. Concerns about a long-held intimate secret effecting her teaching career and personal relationships prompted her to seek assistance. A surprising coincidence lead her to the Practice and Doctor Love.

I love my stories! So does the Asquith Sports Master, my new boyfriend. Naughty Natalie.

I've walked past the Practice many times on my way to work, never realising it was a medical centre for women. I was fascinated with the beautiful period features of the old buildings as I walked along Park Crescent. It was my preferred route from my apartment to Asquith Ladies College in Queen's Parade where I've been teaching science and maths for almost a year. Armed with a double degree in science and education but only two years teaching experience at a country school, I still considered myself fortunate to gain the position at such a prestigious city school for girls.

The Practice is one of the many two-story terrace houses converted to professional suites. It's ideally positioned with a lovely view of the well-kept park opposite with its numerous large trees, open lawns and garden beds full of the colours of Summer. The beautiful building was my favourite. It stood out as one of the best maintained amongst its neighbours that were shoulder-to-shoulder along the road. I loved the ornate stone work, intricate wrought iron, colourful patterned tiling and window lead lighting. I never imagined having the opportunity to see inside one of the buildings.

Looking for a doctor, I was surprised to discover the building I had been admiring was the Practice. I needed a new doctor as I'd moved to the city to take up the teaching position. Seeing someone different was actually a relief. Doctor Jefferies had been our family doctor as long as I could remember. My parents and younger brother are still seeing him. Apart from being so far away, I felt more comfortable discussing what was concerning me with someone else. Being excited about seeing the interior of the building was a nice distraction and helped persuade me to make an appointment.

Maddisyn, the Practice Manager, provided me with a tour a couple of weeks ago, explaining the facilities and services. I soon realised it wasn't your usual medical centre. The building is beautiful throughout with ornate plaster and woodwork, amazing arches and doorways. Every room is furnished with period furniture and lovely furnishings. It was even better than I imagined.

The Sitting Room in particular just took my breath away, from the lovely fireplace and two cosy couches to the elegant chandelier and the bay window with its floor-to-ceiling velvet drapes and fine lace curtains. The window provided a glorious view of the park opposite that was popular with runners and walkers. The room is where women could relax before seeing Doctor Love.

Another room with lovely spa and massage facilities is off the Sitting Room. It was amazing, worthy of being in a beautiful home's magazine. I registered with the Practice and had my first session with Doctor Love last week.

Doctor Love and Maddisyn were wonderful. Maddisyn made me feel like a Guest, as we are known, and Doctor Love was so understanding and helpful. Spending a little time with them dispelled any concerns I had about visiting the Practice and the rather sensitive issue.

I kept my uniform when I finished school and started my university course. Nothing strange about that, right? It's a little tighter and shorter now. It just adds to the excitement when I'm in the mood for a little fun.

Fantasising about being a naughty school girl is what turns me on. Isn't it more exciting to look the part? My favourite male university lecturers and some of the male teachers at school now feature in my sexy fantasies. Aren't I wicked? I wouldn't dare do any of it of course! None of it actually happens, other than in my wild imagination and for personal pleasure. I'd just die talking to Doctor Jeffries about it!

My boy-friend hasn't even seen me in the uniform. Nobody has. Brent and I have been seeing each other for about six months. I have doubts about where are relationship is going. He still lives at home and like his parents, is out of the same conservative mould. Sex with Brent is like having meat and three vegetables every night. Sometimes you just need something spicy to excite the palate.

I'm concerned about introducing Brent to my naughty school girl thing, or anyone else for that matter. What really worries me is having such wicked thoughts and being a teacher. Did it make me a sex pervert? Am I sick? Do other people have such fantasies? There were so many questions going through my mind before my first appointment.

Doctor Love's answers were just what I was hoping to hear. I'm normal! What a relief. I was also relieved to find out how lovely my new doctor was. Actually, quite charming.

Doctor Love's about the same age as Doctor Jefferies, maybe late 50s, but with a tall lean body and is much fitter looking. Although still good-looking for his age, I could imagine him strikingly handsome as a younger man. Doctor Love wore a three-piece suit and was immaculately groomed. I don't think I've ever seen Doctor Jefferies in a suit. What struck me most was his engaging warm eyes and gorgeous smile.

Older men wouldn't normally interest me but I found something attractive about him. It was a connection I'd certainly never felt with Doctor Jefferies. I could imagine Doctor Love as a headmaster of a private school. He has that air of position and standing with his gentlemanly manner. It felt a little naughty making the comparison, adding to my interest. Well, fantasies are my thing.

I'm looking forward to having my second session with Doctor Love today. Not many women could claim to be excited about a doctor's visit! We're going to explore my naughty school girl fantasies. I'd never discussed them with anyone and I was surprise how relaxed I felt. The thought of having the discussion with the charming Doctor Love was a little arousing actually. I had even popped my school outfit in my carry-bag, just in case. With a thrill of expectation, I pressed the bell on the large and ornate front door.

'Hello Natalie. Nice to see you again,' Maddisyn greeted me with her engaging smile. 'Let's go through to the Sitting Room.'

Maddisyn is lovely and only a year or two younger than me. We're similar, tall and athletic looking and in our mid-20's. Both with long flowing hair parted in the middle, Maddisyn a brunette and I'm a blonde, with a little help I admit. Just like my wilder hair, I'm a little more high-spirited while Maddisyn has such a gentle, angelic nature. She was dressed in a very nice soft peach coloured top and looked lovely in a short black skirt and high-heels.

Not your usual medical centre receptionist, she was much more than that. Maddisyn managed the Practice and made Guests welcome while they visited. There wasn't much about the Practice that reminded me that it actually was a medical centre. It was easy to forget you had an appointment and just visiting. More of a living fantasy really. That's what probably appeals to me the most about the Practice.

'Were you running in the Park the other morning?' I asked as we walked into the Sitting Room. 'It looked like you in a light grey singlet and matching shorts with pink trim.'

'Sounds like the outfit I wore the other day. I run most mornings before work,' she replied, returning my smile.

I sat at one of the two luxurious couches. 'I thought it was you. I was walking to Queen's Parade.'

'It's lovely with the park opposite, she offered. It's just so convenient.'

'I also like the walk to work,' I continued, enjoying her company and conversation.

'Would you like anything before you see Doctor Love?' Maddisyn kindly offered.

The airconditioned comfort of the Practice was wonderful and I started to relax. 'I'd love something cold. It's quite warm this afternoon,' I replied.

'Iced tea, soft drink or maybe a chilled wine?' She suggested.

Maddisyn is lovely and has a gift for making Guests welcome. 'The tea sounds lovely,' I smiled gratefully.

Maddisyn went to a kitchenette behind her desk at the other end of the Sitting Room. I admired the swing of her hips and how her skirt swung to the rhythm of her steps. Like many young women our age, heels really worked for her. Maddisyn looked fit and you couldn't help but notice the benefit of her running on her long and toned silky smooth legs.

I smiled at her innocent and almost a diffident nature. Ideal school girl traits, don't you think? Maddisyn soon returned, distracting me from my dreamy thoughts.

Maddisyn placed a silver tray with the tea and some lovely slices on the coffee table in front of me. I was lovely, sitting on the couch drinking my iced tea and enjoying the ambience of the Sitting Room. I was even enjoying my arousal at the thoughts about Maddisyn and the session with Doctor Love.

Suddenly I felt a little warm and flushed as a naughty idea excited me. The school uniform in my carry-bag was frequently on my mind. Doctor Love wanted to know about my fantasies, right? What better way than to dress the part? The thought of changing into my school outfit for the session had my pussy buzzing. I then remembered the passageway door from the Guest Lounge. It wouldn't be too hard to change and slip through to Doctor Love's suite.

Finishing my tea and picking up my carry-bag, I caught Maddisyn's attention. 'I'm just going to use the Guest Lounge. Is it alright to use the passage door to go to Doctor Love's suite?'

'Certainly, many Guest do rather than coming back through here,' she replied with a smile.

I felt a little thrill of excitement as I went into the lounge to prepare Doctor Love's surprise. It's a lovely room to freshened up before a session. I stripped down to my bra and panties and changed into my school outfit. The reflection in the dressing table mirror brought a devilish smile to my face as I stood there trembling, a mixture of nerves, excitement and arousal at the thought of giving my new doctor a little show.

'What are you? I'm a bad girl and I need to be punished,' answering my own question while admiring my outfit in the mirror.

I used some of the lovely cosmetics available for Guests to touch up my makeup. I left by the passage door and made my way to the suite. I felt like a naughty school girl, hiding from Maddisyn and sneaking into Doctor Love's suite. I seemed even more aroused wearing my uniform than normal. Sharing my little secret was adding to the warm and moist sensation that was spreading down below. Finding the door open, I entered and shut it behind me.

Doctor Love was sitting at his desk and turned to meet my gaze. 'Hello Natalie . . .,' he simply answered, seemingly lost for words.

I felt my heart beginning to race and a lump formed in my throat as Doctor Love silently gazed at me dressed as a school girl, his eyes sweeping down my body. It was the moment that I'd fantasised about since my last session with Doctor Love. I could feel my body melting under his warm and dreamy gaze. My nipples tightened, pushing into my bra and I sensed that warm pleasant throb between my legs.

I bit my lip and gazed timidly at Doctor Love looking like an anxious little school girl. 'Well, what do you think?' I asked, my breasts heaving in my tight school blouse with every rapid breath and my long and slender legs framed between my tall white socks and flimsy pleated school skirt.

His delighted smile provided the assurance I was looking for. 'The uniform looks lovely on you but hardly complies with the uniform guidelines,' he mentioned with feigned seriousness.

'I bet you say that to all the naughty girls,' I laughed, his humour and slightly naughty look fuelling my arousal.

Doctor Love got up from his desk and moved towards me. 'Please, let's have a seat.'

'Thank you,' I grinned, feeling my breasts bouncing under my tight white blouse and skirt swinging as I put a little more effort into my steps on my way to one of the couches.

Like the rest of the building, the décor of the suite is elegant, warm and welcoming. Nothing like the consulting room I was use to with Doctor Jefferies. There's a fireplace with a mirror above and flanked on either side by matching plush couches with soft cushions. An elaborate chandelier was suspended from the ornate ceiling.

I sat on the couch and crossed my legs while holding his gaze, knowing my dress was far too short. I wasn't the slightest bit concerned with so much skin showing and the occasional flash of white lace. After all, why else would you be wearing the uniform?

Doctor Love certainly didn't appear uncomfortable with what was on show. I was impressed at his self-control while mine was being tested. Wearing the uniform for somebody else was so much more exciting than any fantasy. Even just sitting with Doctor Love in my uniform was setting my body on fire.

'I'm flattered to be the first to see you in the outfit,' his soft warm eyes holding mine.

'I thought wearing the uniform would help with our discussions,' I explained, displaying the confidence that come with knowing you have a great body. 'I hope you don't mind?'

'Not at all. Please tell me about your fantasies,' Doctor Love prompted with one of his gorgeous smiles.

'They're usually about someone I fancy and me as a school girl,' I commenced, a little eagerly.

Doctor Love seemed to share my excitement and flashed me a gorgeous smile. 'Are you a young girl in the uniform or aged as you are now?'

'No, as I'm now. I put the outfit on and then, err . . . fantasise about having sex,' I explained.

'Thank you, please continue,' he prompted with a persuading smile.

'One is with the Sports Master at Asquith,' I commenced. 'He's quite young and all the girls think he's hot. Half the female teachers would have their panties off in a heartbeat for him if they were honest with themselves.'

An unbelievably gorgeous smile slowly formed on Doctor Love's lips with the comment, an engaging smile that encouraged the conversation to flow. Licking my lips with nervous arousal, I continued to describe my fantasy.

I intentionally got into trouble to get detention, knowing he would be supervising after school. I'd imagine sitting at a desk in front of him, innocently leaving my thighs parted before crossing my legs.

Doctor Love's eyes lowered briefly as I uncrossed my legs and parted my legs slightly. 'He couldn't resist a peek every time I recrossed my legs,' I smiled wickedly.

I recrossed my legs and gave my doctor a knowing smile before continuing. Doing my homework, I appeared oblivious to what was on display for his pleasure. Pretending to have a problem with my work, I'd ask him for help.

Holding Doctor Love's gaze, I undid another button of my blouse and recommenced my story. He had a lovely view of my cleavage as he towered over me. When he returned to the seat behind the desk, I imagined getting up and seductively walking up to him and teasing him about what he thought he got away with and his arousal clearly tenting his pants.

I moistened my lips, feeling my nipples tightening. 'One thing would lead to another and I'd end up having oral sex,' I grinned.

Looking at Doctor Love, I uncrossed my legs and repositioned myself before recrossing my legs again. His lingering gaze on my panties sent all the nerve-endings in my body into a frenzy. Discreetly glancing down, my nipples were clearing embossed through the fabric of my blouse.

I looked up to see Doctor Love's warm sensual eyes. 'Needless to say, he always let me out early from detention,' I finished with a sexy smile.

His professional smile acknowledging my humour showed remarkable personal control. 'Is it always the same fantasy?' Doctor Love simply asked.

I saw something in my doctor's eyes, however, that excited me. 'No, but I have my favourites. Would you like another?'

'Yes, please continue,' he calmly replied, delighting me with another smile.

Drawn to his heart-melting smile and a definite glint in his eyes, describing my fantasies was hardly the distraction I needed to maintain my composure. Just recalling them, let alone describing them to the alluring Doctor Love was igniting something deep within me, more intense than any fantasy I had before. I could feel the sexual tension building and that wonderful sensation of arousal that was consuming my mind and body.

I slowly sucked in a deep breath of composure. 'I've had this one since I was at university and wanted some extra tutoring,' I breathed with a generous sexy undertone.

I could feel a warm wetness forming between my crossed thighs as I sat on the couch recalling my fantasy about an attractive lecturer. I wanted his help with a subject I was having difficulties with. Afraid of failing, I even had a back-up plan just in case.

'But that's another fantasy,' I grinned wickedly.

The extra tutoring really helped and I wanted to pay for his time but he wasn't interested in money. 'I offered him something he couldn't refuse,' I breathed with a flirtatious smile.

I smiled as one of my favourite sessions came to mind and continued. I straddled his lap as he sat at a desk, guiding his erection inside me. Soft moans filled the room as I watched him slowly disappear, filling me fully. I still remember our cries of pleasure, almost in unison at the friction between our intimate flesh as I shimmied up and down. What was a real turn on was how he liked dirty talk, producing the most amazing orgasms.

'I got very good grades for that subject,' a mischievous grin filling my face. 'It's amazing what a little extra effort can achieve.'

My humour now causing him to laugh a little more earnestly. 'Your descriptions of the fantasies are very detailed and explicit,' Doctor Love mentioned, quickly regaining his composure.

'Makes them more enjoyable, don't you think?' I laughed back and then smiled teasingly.

'I'd like a final one, if you don't mind?' Doctor Love encouraged with increased interest, causing a wonderful surge of adrenaline.

I felt enticingly drawn to our conversation and more than happy to. 'What about my current favourite?' I suggested with naughty thought coming to mind.

The soft lines of his face were the first clear indication of his pleasure at what he was hearing. 'Certainly, that would be good,' he unwittingly agreed.

A wicked smile forming on my face. 'It's a new one I've only had this week. It's about a distinguished looking headmaster. He's quite a bit older than me but ever so charming and handsome for his age. I could imagine the other Gues . . . err, female teachers throwing themselves at him,' narrowly avoiding a Freudian slip.

I'd been restless in class and I told the teacher that it was because I was so horny and needed sex. Shocked at what I said, he sent me to the Headmaster with a note explaining what had happened. The Headmaster said he had a way of dealing with naughty girls like me.

I glanced towards Doctor Love's large antique desk. 'He has a similar large wooden desk to yours over there,' I mentioned and then continued sharing my fantasy.

Headmaster ordered me to bent over his desk and spread my legs. I felt my school dress ride up my backside as my breasts pressed into the hard surface. He spread my thighs wider and I felt his hand cup the mound between my legs.

My pussy moistened with the thrill of describing the story. 'His fingers discovered how wet I was and he scolded me for being such a naughty girl,' my lips curling into a slow, seductive smile.

Doctor Love paused holding my gaze as I rolled in my bottom lip and bit lightly. 'Interesting. Please . . . continue,' he prompted.
