 Cameron saw Layla after destroying his knee in a motocross race. She was his nurse and although he was going in and out of consciousness, his eyes couldn't miss her full lips, almond shaped green eyes, delicious curvy figure, and her long blonde hair. Everyday when she came into the room she would change his knee bandage and check his stats to make sure everything was on going as planned. His knee had been crushed when he had been thrown from his bike in the X games and now he was going to be out for the rest of the season. Cameron never showed his true emotions, especially crying, but after hearing this he had cried in utter disappointment. Motocross was his life and without it, he was nothing. 

Layla knew who Cameron was. Motocross was big in their town and she had seen posters of him plastered on various buildings. She had thought he was handsome but in person she was shocked at how good- looking he was. He was 6 foot 3 inches, had light brown hair, hazel eyes, and an incredibly sexy muscular body. She took her time and was extra gentle when changing his bandages and giving him extra morphine for the pain he was in. She wore her most adorable, tight fitting scrubs, showing off her full 34D chest. She was also a great deal shorter, only 5'6", but his height turned her on a lot. She had always been attracted to very tall men and Cameron was just her cup of tea. 

On the 4th day of his recovery Cameron was beginning to feel better. He wasn't constantly drugged up and his knee was starting to feel a little better. Layla was coming in the room and she was bringing him lunch. He felt a pull in his groin at the sight of her. 

She smiled a beaming smile to him and said, "Morning sunshine! You are finally awake." 

He laughed his voice felt raspy from not talking for so long. He smiled at her gratefully as she placed a tray of food in front of him. He was starving. 

Layla smiled again and voiced his thoughts, "You are probably starving," she said in her soft southern twang. 

Cameron nodded afraid to speak, which was weird for him because he never got shy in front of girls usually. 

"Oh, darn it! I forgot your drink, gimme a minute and I will be right back darlin." Layla said walking away her ass swaying seductively. 

Cameron felt another painful pull in his groin. It had been too long since his cock had been rubbed and he was in desperate need of release. He dug into his food cramming the meatloaf in his mouth and swallowing, only slightly satisfied. He was halfway done with his meal when Layla returned with some water and juice. She placed both of the small bottles in front of him and smiled again. She checked his stats quickly and then turned and left so that Cameron could eat in peace. About twenty minutes later she returned. She was holding a small box and she had a mischievous look on her face like she was sneaking into his room. 

Layla wanted to surprise Cameron with a treat so she had made him a small, personalized chocolate cake with "Get Well Soon!" printed on it. She wasn't allowed to give the patients things that weren't from the hospital but she had a little crush on Cameron and wanted to be kind to him. No one had visited him except for screaming girl fans and his Crew Chief and during those times he had been passed out. She wondered where his family was, but knew she wasn't allowed to ask unless he wanted to tell her. She had changed into a pair of tight fitting A and F jeans, a light pink tube top, and some tan wedge sandals. She had a date that night and wanted to look sexy for him and well for Cameron too. 

Cameron felt once again another extremely hard pull in his groin and felt his prick go erect. He was so embarrassed and he turned red almost immediately. He tried to tuck it under his pants, but he wasn't wearing any, just a loose hospital gown that was showing all 8 fully erect inches. Layla tried not to stare at his manhood but she was amazed at how big he was. Did she cause his erection or was he about to jerk off? She didn't know but she felt her cunt tighten in response and felt a bit of moisture coat her skimpy thong. She tried to look in his eyes but she kept casting glances to his cock. She winked at him trying to make Cameron relax. This was not the first time she had been greeted with a hard penis when coming into a male patient's room. 

When Cameron noticed that Layla wasn't going to freak out over his hardness he relaxed and smiled at her, still a little embarrassed but getting over it. He forgot she was a nurse and probably saw a ton of hard dicks. He glanced at the box she was holding and he smelled something chocolatey. His stomach responded. He was already starving again and it had only been an hour since he had had lunch. 

Layla smiled sweetly and placed the box in front of Cameron on his little tray. "Open it," she said. 

Cameron opened the box and smiled at her. "Thank you so much Layla. This looks awesome," he said sincerely. 

Layla was pleasantly surprised he had remembered her name. "Just don't tell anyone I gave it to you," she said looking a little anxious. 

He nodded in agreement. She pulled out some forks and a plate and cut him a large piece of the small cake. He offered her some but she declined saying she was about to leave to go out to eat. He nodded only slightly disappointed and glanced at her ring finger there was no ring, so he knew she was not married. 

Layla was about to leave when Cameron touched her wrist looking at her seriously.

"Has... umn... have my parents come by?" He looked at Layla his eyes very intense and very serious. 

Layla knew something was wrong when the parents of an 18-year old Motocross star did not show up to make sure he was okay. 

She looked down not wanting to upset him further and answered softly, "I'm sorry sweetheart. They have not shown up yet." 

The look of anger and hurt across his face made her heart ache for him. She was lucky. She had loving parents who had always been there for her. It made her sad to see him so distraught. They had no right to abandon their child, even if he was considered an adult. He was still in high school for crying out loud! Layla was 20 and had earned her LPN nursing degree straight out of high school. She loved her job most days and today was one of those days. 

She glanced at her watch noting that she was going to be late for dinner with her date, Aaron, if she didn't leave soon. A huge part of her wanted to stay and comfort this sweet boy but she didn't want to ditch Aaron either. She sighed and stood up ready to leave when Cameron touched her arm again hesitantly. 

"Co...could you stay with me? For a while?" He asked her obviously still upset over the fact that his parents had not shown up. 

Layla's heart melted and she sat down in the chair next to Cameron's bed, smiling and nodding that she would stay. 

"Just give me a minute to cancel with my date." His face-hardened at her words and he told her she could just go. Why was he acting so strangely possessive? She looked at him and his hands were clenched tightly. She didn't understand. She turned to Cameron and looked at him, "Is something wrong?" 

"No," he said looking at the TV.

Layla rolled her eyes. She would never understand teenagers although she had been one not too long ago. 

She tried again, "I don't mind staying here, with you."

His resolve weakened, "I don't want you to cancel your date to be with me."

She smiled, "I really don't mind."

His face lifted and she glanced again at his cock, it had softened, only mildly disappointing her. She left the room and called Aaron telling him that she had to stay later than she thought she would at the hospital. Aaron was extremely understanding and said they could meet up later. She said maybe and went back into Cameron's room. He had set up more and she could see his sexily toned arms and a little of his chest. She was dying to see more, nothing got her cunt soaked like a man's rock hard body. She sat down next to Cameron and her breasts flopped a little. Cameron noticed and could see her hard nipples through the thin tube top shirt she was wearing. He could also tell that they were pierced. This caused another intense pull in his groin and before he could blink he was rock hard again. She was teasing him and it was slowly destroying his ego. He wanted his cock shoved deep inside of those pouty lips she kept licking. She turned to look at him and noticed his hardness again. This time he was not embarrassed. He wanted Layla badly. 

Layla tried not to stare but she couldn't help it. She felt her cunt moisten even more. Soaking the little material she had underneath her jeans. She hoped she didn't soak through her pants! Cameron didn't know want to do. He had been with many girls in his day. They practically flung themselves at him, especially if he won a race. They were all so easy and inexperienced. None of them knew how to suck a cock or how to even fuck properly. He knew he needed a woman with more experience he needed Layla. 

He was good looking, but girls his age didn't interest him. Older woman got his motor running and Layla was making him insanely aroused. He decided to flirt. "You are incredibly beautiful," he said honestly. 

Layla blushed saying thank you. He needed a better approach to this so he formulated a quick plan. 

He decided to act like he needed to pee. He had a catheter in but had pulled it out because he couldn't stand the feeling. So he had been using a bed- pan. Layla had emptied it earlier but he acted as if it was missing and hid it in the drawer next to him and asked her if she could help him use the restroom. Layla stood up and helped him out of bed. He rested his tall frame against her shorter one and she helped him into the little stall. 

"Umn... can you hold my dick for me so I can support myself on the walls... so I don't fall over." 

Layla nodded pulling on a glove that was on the sink. She held his dick in her hand and aimed for the toilet. He pissed a long stream of pee. In her hand he got incredibly hard. She tried to dismiss the feeling of longing in her pussy but his huge cock was making her weak with pleasure. Cameron didn't seemed phased at all by his reaction to Layla. After he finished she shook his hard dick letting the end drips of piss fall off of his cock. She breathed heavily as she shook him. She looked up at him his eyes full of arousal. He looked down at her a pleading look in his eyes. His arms weren't broken but she didn't want to risk a doctor coming in if he lay in bed and jerked off while she was in there. She pulled the glove off of her hand and began to stroke the head of his dick. His eyes rolled back into his head as she gently pumped his huge length. His breath caught in his throat as he felt her delicious juicy lips envelop his throbbing cock. She pushed his ass cheeks towards her mouth taking as much as she could of his cock into her mouth. He was holding onto the sink with one hand and using the other to rub her shoulder. 

Layla was happy. His cock was perfect. It filled her entire mouth and then some and tasted wonderful like a meaty hot dog mixed with a little sweat and salt. She bobbed her head up and down sucking on his head and jacking off the end of his length with one hand and using her other to cup and rub his balls. She felt him tighten after about two minutes of her sucking him. He came hard in her mouth. She slurped it all up licking every drop until he was soft in her mouth. She stood up and he was blushing, embarrassed that he had cum so fast. Layla didn't want him to be embarrassed. She leaned up wrapping her arms around his neck and kissed him full on the lips. He responded immediately kissing her back. He leaned most of his weight on her and she held him up as best as she could not wanting him to hurt his knee any more than he already had. 

She pulled away and looked into his eyes. 

He whispered in her ear teasing her with his hot breath, "I want you." 

That was all Layla needed to hear. She opened the bathroom door and walked with him to his bed helping him get in. She made sure that his bedroom door was locked and then walked over to where he was laying. She wanted to tease him a little so she started slowly stripping her clothes off. She pulled off her Tube top first and her full 34D breasts popped out. She wasn't wearing a bra. Cameron's face turned to a look of bliss. He loved boobs and he wanted to bury his face in Layla's delicious looking tits. Then she slowly stepped out of her wedge sandals and pulled her jeans off teasing him by pulling them up a little. He was groaning in frustrated pleasure. Then he saw the tiny piece of soaked fabric that was covering her pleasure box. He motioned for her to come to the bed. She left the tiny black thong on and crawled on top of Cameron being careful to not touch his bad knee. 

Cameron's hands immediately went for Layla's huge breasts. He started kneading them and pulling and twisting her pierced nipples. He pulled one into his mouth and Layla moaned in delicious pleasure. She pulled away from him and pulled off his hospital gown and gasped in pleasure at how sexy he was. He was ripped from his head to his toes, every inch of him long, lean, muscle. She leaned over and began to kiss him passionately tonguing his warm delicious chocolatey flavored mouth. His hands caressed her beautiful curves down to her yummy hips, and to her luscious ass. He snapped the little piece of material that was her thong and threw it on the floor. He could feel her juices soaking his abs. He worked his hand under her body while she kissed him and slid a finger into her moist and hot cunt. Layla moaned as his finger worked in and out of her. She loved to be fingered. 

Cameron's dick was poking into Layla's ass while he fingered her juicy cunt and sucked on her nipple. She wanted his cock buried deep inside of her but Cameron had other plans. He pulled his finger out of Layla and she let out a disappointed moan. His strong arms easily lifted her and he pulled her onto his face. He began licking long teasing strokes along Layla's burning whole. She leaned back and his cock was inches from her face and she began to suck on one of his huge balls. He shivered at her touch and began shoving his tongue deep inside of her love hole. He licked her entire pussy from the top to the bottom teasing her and missing her clit on purpose. He kissed and sucked on her juicy thighs. Next Cameron spread her legs even further so her feet were by his head and he ravished her juicy cunt with his tongue, teeth, lips, and basically his entire face. He loved pussy. He loved the taste, he loved the texture, and he especially loved how Layla was squirting all over his face and mouth. 

Layla had not had her cunt ravished like that by a man in a very long time. She was practically humping Cameron's face. He shoved 3 fingers deep into her pussy and one into her ass and she came almost immediately while he sucked on her engorged clit. She squirted even more all over his face and he lapped up her juices moaning as he did so. He gently kissed her pussy and Layla giggled. She sat up and scooted her wet, juicy cunt across his abs and leaned down to kiss him more. She could taste her sweet flavor all over his lips and tongue. His face was soaked. She blushed then giggled licking his face. He smiled and rubbed her back gently. He really liked Layla he thought to himself. 

Layla smiled wickedly all the sudden and began pumping his cock, within seconds he was hard again. She sat up and slowly lowered her wet entrance onto his huge cock. Layla gasped at how huge he was when he filled her. It was almost too much for her to take but years of toying and men (with smaller dicks) had stretched her enough to fit his glorious penis. Cameron's face was pure bliss as Layla's slick cunt slid down his cock. He almost came just from the initial feeling but held it not wanting to disappoint Layla. He wanted her to cum first. Layla rested her hands on Cameron's chest and slowly pumped herself up and down on his huge length, still being aware of Cameron's knee that was only inches from her foot. 

Cameron watched her boobs bounce up and down as lovely Layla fucked him. He was feeling tortured as she continued at her slow pace. His cock was going to explode from this teasing. He grabbed her hips and shoved her all the way onto his length and back up. Layla moaned, yelping in shock as his cock tore through her at a rapid pace. He was all animalistic instinct now. He needed Layla, he wanted her, and he couldn't handle being the bitch that got fucked. He did the fucking and he was going to fuck her like no other man had. Layla yelped and moaned like a bitch as Cameron shoved her onto his huge prick over and over again. Her cunt was squirting all down her thighs and onto his stomach. She wanted to last longer than ten minutes but this rapid pace was driving her mad and Cameron was only going faster. He was sweating and concentrating hard on fucking her, making her cum hard on him, he wanted all of her juices all over his cock and stomach and thighs. Layla moaned thinking similar thoughts. She wanted all of Cameron's semen deposited in her. She wanted to feel that incredible warm sensation as he filled her completely with his cum. Layla gripped hard on the bed rails and came screaming and moaning and she shot out more juice onto Cameron's length. Cameron started grunting and groaning like an animal as he came hard inside of Layla. 

Layla coaxed him gently murmuring, "I want all of it baby, cum inside me, every last drop." 

Cameron was over the moon as his orgasm tore through him. Layla continued to slowly pump him until she felt him get soft inside of her and she slid off of his cock and lay next to him where is good knee was. He smiled kissing her lips and pulled her back on top of him holding her tight to his rock hard chest. She pulled the covers over them and they both drifted off to sleep.