 Authors note: everyone involved in this work of fiction is aged 18 or over.



The warm summer sun bled through the classroom windows, bathing everything within in a warm glow. This was the last day of school for these students, they knew it and the teacher knew it. Instead of trying to teach one final lesson, Miss Catherine Hackett had just put on a movie and left the eighteen year olds to their own devices. In ten minutes everyone in the room would go their separate ways. The students would all disperse into the dying daylight, running to a night of partying and drinking themselves under the table until school was nothing but a faded memory in the backs of their minds. Miss Hackett, however, would spend another hour by herself in her classroom tidying up and locking everything before finally skulking off to her one bedroom apartment and celebrating with a solitary bottle of wine.

The sweltering heat had Miss Hackett dabbing at her head with a tissue, catching the occasional bead of sweat before it fell into her jade green eyes. The heat had other effects of course, but none so easily managed, her colleagues probably wouldn't appreciate her shedding her thin jumper and showing her small, firm breasts and their pink areola to the world. She hated her breasts. Miss Hackett looked up from her desk and gazed casually at the females in the room. Why could they have huge breasts that all the boys and male teachers ogled at whenever they walked by and she couldn't? She thought bitterly before dropping her eyes to an unmarked book in front of her. Miss Hackett was by no means an unattractive woman; she was quite tall and had long, smooth legs that she hid behind smart black trousers. She had a fair complexion and fiery red hair that hung untidily around her head and stopped just before hitting her shoulders. She may not have been unattractive, but the men weren't lining up to fuck her. The only relief she had had in the past three months had been her own fingers inside of her.

"Miss, how much more of this do we have to take before we can leave?" Shouted a voice from the back of the classroom. Miss Hackett jolted out of her musings and dropped the pen she was holding. She looked up and saw David Fisher facing her with a quizzical look on his face.

"The clock is there, David. I'm sure you should have been taught how to tell the time by now." Replied Miss Hackett sarcastically, earning a faint batch of giggles from the class. David Fisher was one of the brightest students in her class, he had a small head of jet black hair and ocean blue eyes. He may have been the smartest, but he was no weedy bookworm. David was almost as tall as she was and had a muscular frame that showed through the faded crimson jumpers that the uniform demanded.

"Well, you could have at least picked a film that wasn't shit!" replied David.

"You're not out of this school yet mister, and if I remember rightly, swearing results in a ten minute detention." Laughed Miss Hackett, taking a small amount of evil glee in making David miss ten minutes of the rest of his life. David simply groaned and then dropped his head onto his desk.

Miss Hackett glanced over her shoulder at the movie and quietly gasped to herself. From what she could make out from her strange angle, the hero of the film was currently rolling around naked with his love interest. Miss Hackett could imagine it... the warmth of his breath on her neck... the intense jolts of pleasure that would rip up her spine when he grasped her breasts... the sheer bliss as his cock dove deep into the depths of her... damn she thought, quickly turning back to the book. She could feel a distinctive damp spot growing between her legs. Just at that moment, the bell echoed across the classroom, meeting the chorus of cheers from the people in the room who were no longer students. She paused the film from her laptop and turned off the projector.

"Goodbye everyone, have fun in your new lives! I'm sure you're almost as glad to see the back of me as I am to see the back of you!" shouted Miss Hackett, a little flustered with the tingly moistness in her panties. After a few minutes of the ex-students saying goodbye to her, the room as empty. Empty except for her and David.

"Do I really have to stay Miss?" asked David meekly, peering up from the table. 

"Yes David. School rules I'm afraid." Replied Miss Hackett quietly, staring at the screen of her laptop. The film was paused at a moment where she could quite clearly see the bare chest of the hero. She had to resist the urge to trace the outlines of his pectorals with her finger. Miss Hackett could feel the sticky warmth getting more and more noticeable in her pants. As David again groaned and dropped his head to the desk, she couldn't help but slowly move her right hand down and position the pen at the top of her pants. With a cautionary glance upwards to ensure that David could not see what was happening behind the thick wood of her desk, she pushed the pen past her trousers and into her panties. She had to supress a moan of pleasure as the cool plastic made contact with the heated, puffy pink lips of her pussy. Ever so slowly she pushed the pen further and further down until it had reached the lowest part of her lips, she then began to move the pen up and down. Bolts of pleasure were rumbling in her thighs and spine... getting more and more intense.

"Miss...? Are you ok?" enquired the voice of David. The effect was similar to a bucket of cold water being thrown on her. She suddenly bit hard on the knuckle she didn't know she was nibbling. What was she doing!? She quickly pulled the pen out of her pants, banging her hand on the desk. 

"Ah! N-nothing! I mean... I'm fine! T-thank you, David," Yelled Miss Hackett nervously, "You can g-go now." She quickly dropped the pen on her desk and pointed towards the door. David had a very confused look on his face as he picked up his bags and walked towards the door. As he had one hand on the handle he turned to Miss Hackett,

"I'll miss you, just so you know. You are the best teacher I've had, in more ways than one." Muttered David in a low voice, his eyes seemed to run up and down Miss Hackett's flank first on her pert breasts, then to her dishevelled trouser lining and then resting on the pen which had clear streaks of moisture.

"David... come here," Said Miss Hackett, in a more commanding tone than she was used to. David slowly walked over to her, his face seemed a little uneasy, "you can't tell anyone what you saw or what you think you saw." David looked confused for a moment, but then looking at the pen again he understood. 

"I won't Miss... you have my word." Promised David calmly. Miss Hackett sighed in relief, she trusted David. Just when she was about to send him on his way she happened to glance at his crotch and see a bulge.

"My, my, what do we have here?" giggled Miss Hackett.

"Oh! I'm so sorry! Just with your doing... y'know and with you being so fucking beautiful and all..." spluttered David, taking a step back. Miss Hackett suddenly had a thought, an amazing thought that was oh so wrong yet right at the same time.

David was getting a little scared, he had blurted out that he thought Miss Hackett was beautiful and now she had a look in her eye, the same look a cat got before devouring a mouse. He could feel his medium length cock throbbing slightly under her gaze.

"Swearing, David..." muttered Miss Hackett, "go lock the door." David hesitated, he wasn't sure what was happening. 

"Now. David." Commanded Miss Hackett in a firm yet sultry voice. He did as was told and moved to the door before flipping the latch, sealing him in with the beautiful history teacher. As he turned around, he saw that Miss Hackett was stood up and moving towards the back of the room where a single table stood, out of sight of everything but the desk. Her ass swayed with every step she took, only serving to make his erection stiffer. She turned and beckoned for him to follow.

Before David knew what was happening, he was stood in front of Miss Hackett at the back of the room, she looked down at him and licked her lips.

"Tell me, David. Have you ever been with a woman?" she asked in a husky voice whilst stroking a loose strand of her red hair behind her ear. David hadn't, he hadn't even come close. He'd only ever kissed a girl once. Ask him to name all the capitals of medieval Europe and he wouldn't break a sweat, but put him in a room with a girl and he'd be paralysed. Like now.

"I thought not," said Miss Hackett, smiling gleefully at the news, "would you... like to be with one?" David struggled to breath, he was shaking a little and his member was harder than it had ever been before. He only managed a weak nod. Immediately after the nod, Miss Hackett winked before kneeling down in front of David and cupping his penis through the fabric of his pants. He almost came right there, but thankfully he didn't. Miss Hackett spent a few moments running her hand up and over his bulge, caressing it with delicate fingers. David moaned gently and closed his eyes.

He heard the sound of his zipper being undone and his pants been pulled down, causing a gust of warm air to buffet his legs. A second later his boxers were pulled down too, leaving his seven inch dick dangling freely in front of the face of his teacher.

"Look at me David. I want you to see what I'm about to do" ordered Miss Hackett through heavy breaths. He opened his eyes to see a wondrous sight. Miss Hackett was knelt in front of him, one hand was nestled between her legs, and from the moving and wet smacking he presumed she was fingering herself. She licked her lips once more before wrapping a slender hand around his dick and stroking it twice.

"Do you want me to give you a blowjob, David?" asked Miss Hackett innocently, "do you want me to suck on that cock of yours? Do you want me to run my tongue all over your shaft?" David nodded.

In one quick movement, the head of his cock was enveloped by the gorgeously warm mouth of his teacher. Her moist tongue danced across the head of his member, making him moan again. Miss Hackett began to move her head back and forth, her tongue moving quicker and quicker. The pleasure welled up in David's balls. He was about to cum... the sucking was too much... the warmth was too much... the wetness was too much... almost there... suddenly, his cock was hit by air as Miss Hackett withdrew from him.

"Not so fast David, there's two of us here, remember?" asked Miss Hackett coyly. She stood up and took a hold of David's right hand. She moved close to David, closer than anyone had ever been before. She lent in with her plump red lips and pressed them against David's. He had never kissed someone before but his teacher led the way, probing her tongue past his lips and massaging his. He then felt his hand been dragged down by Miss Hackett, it was dragged down until it hit fabric; it then was pushed inside the fabric. David gasped into his teacher's lusty mouth as his fingertips made contact with the stifling heat of her pussy. David's hand was then released; he began to rub his fingertips along the deliciously soft lips of his teacher's vagina. 

Now it was Miss Hackett's turn to moan as she moaned and groaned into David's mouth. Every time his fingers grazed over her clit she gasped.

"Deeper..." sighed Miss Hackett into David's mouth, not breaking their passionate kiss. David obliged and slowly moved his index finger into her sticky tunnel, thrusting it in and out. Miss Hackett broke off the kiss to pull her own shirt from her body, her lack of a bra revealed two white globes of flesh that peaked into gorgeous erect pink nipples. Without suggestion, David lowered his mouth to her breasts and sucked a hard nipple into his mouth whilst massaging the other breast with his free hand, all while finger fucking his teacher.

"I want more David, take off your clothes" commanded Miss Hackett, stepping away from him and pulling his hand from her panties. David obeyed and quickly took off his jumper. His teacher followed suite and pulled down her trousers and panties, revealing a small tuft of fiery red pubic hair above her glistening pussy. 

David stood in awe for a moment at how beautiful she was, and in awe that he was about to fuck her. Miss Hackett placed a hand on his shoulder and gently pushed him onto the table so he was all flat except for his erect flagpole of a dick. Without saying a word, she climbed on top of him and kissed him again. David placed his hands on her ass, squeezing and toying with the soft flesh that met him. 

Miss Hackett then lifted up her ass and moved a hand to David's pulsing cock. She gently moved the head of his penis so that it rested against the opening to her vagina. With a mutual groan, she moved her hips downwards. The feeling was intense for David, his dick was being surrounded by what felt like moist velvet. He sank into her like a finger into apple pie until his balls rested against her flesh. His teacher had to stick a fist in her mouth to stop herself from screaming in pleasure. 

Slowly, Miss Hackett began to raise her hips until all that remained buried in her pussy was the very tip of David's penis, then she slammed down. David moaned as his dick was enveloped in the glorious softness of his teachers aching cunt. Again and again Miss Hackett moved her hips until they had a steady rhythm in their fucking. Their kiss intensified, it was like a feeding frenzy with lips and tongues.

David felt his balls begin to pulse and his whole body being wracked with jolts of pure, unadulterated pleasure. His teacher felt it too.

"Don't hold back David, fuck me. Fuck me hard and cum inside me." Hissed Miss Hackett as her own pace quickened.

David could feel his teacher's pussy begin to tighten and throb around him, she was close to an orgasm. The wet sloshing sound of her pussy being speared by his penis became louder and louder as her juices began to run down their legs and pool on the table.

David couldn't hold on any longer and neither could she. He broke their kiss and hugged her tightly as he thrust up to meet her frenzied motion. Soon the pleasure became too much to bare and he squealed into his teacher's neck as his dick shot a huge stream of semen deep inside of her. His penis jolted six times, each sending a gradually reduced stream of semen into his teacher's tender pussy. At the same moment, Miss Hackett had a powerful orgasm rip through her body, setting her nerves on fire as she felt the hot liquid seep through her body and down onto her legs.

The pair lay silent for a while, embraced on the desk. Their naked bodies pressed onto one another and their combined juices running down their legs. David could still feel his now-limp penis nestled inside his teacher's damp pussy. They then looked up, into each other's eyes, their heads moved together once more and their lips met in a kiss.

This kiss wasn't another lust-driven frenzied kiss; this was the slow and tender kiss of lovers.