 (Please please read and review. I can't improve as a writer if you don't tell me what you like and don't like. Thanks)

Karen glanced up from her drink to the dance floor as the music first started to fill the club. She was dressed in a pair of white vinyl pants with nothing beneath. Every man in the club could see the outline of her womanhood, perfectly framed by the fabric. She tipped her drink back draining it before looking over at Enrique with a smile. "Dance wit me?

"I dunno about that." He took a sip from his Corona and glanced out at the floor where dozens of couples were already grinding against each other. "What'll Kris say?" He asked tipping it back a second time and reaching for his shot.

"Same thing he always says." She smiled nudging his drink toward him. When Enrique pushed it back her smiled widened. "He'll ask if I had a good time and probably thank you for making me feel like part of the group." Karen leaned forward slightly making certain he got a good view of her pierced nipples, straining against the sheer white top she'd chosen.

A bead of sweat formed on his brow as he noticed the look in her eyes. It was more her eyes than anything else that captivated him, like green diamonds he really couldn't bring his attention away for more than a moment. "But. . ."

"But nothing." Karen reached across the table gently grasping his hand and dragging him out onto the dance floor immediately pressing her body up against his. There wasn't quite enough liquid courage in him yet though, for the most part he stood paralyzed on the floor as she writhed around him.

"Relax." She cooed turning her back to him slowly and wrapping her arms around his neck. Cheek to cheek, groin to rump they remained for the next few beats until she felt him responding. His chest expanding as his breaths got deeper and lower he was starting to grind back against her.

Enrique let his hand trail down her arms and over the swell of her breasts. "You sure?" She nodded back and his hands continued lower easing over her soft belly closing over her womanhood. The tips of his thumbs slipped into the skin-tight fabric gently rubbing back and forth as the music continued to move the pair.

"See, it's not so bad." She whispered tossing her head back and forth so her long red curls washed over his face. Her lips brushed the side of his face, then over his ear before finally she licked the base of his neck. Her own hands started to travel down her own body pressing her breasts together for a moment. Lower and lower gripping the hem of her shirt and lifting it slowly till the underside of her red and black bra then tugged it back into place.

Enrique felt the chill travel up his spine when she kissed his neck, a moment later his fingers slipped farther into her pants pulling the fabric of her panties aside to toy with the short curls of pubic hair. His fingers moved quickly unfastening the top button of her pants and slipping his fingers into the band of her underwear gently massaging her hips.

"Mmmmmm" Karen purred melting against his touch. For a brief moment her eyes drifted shut her mind wandering to other things than the dance floor. The feeling his hard manhood pressing against her shocked her back into reality though purring playfully. "You're a good dancer." Again her hands start slipping up over her body dragging her too tight tee shirt up to reveal the swell of her breasts and comb upward through her fiery tresses.

His eyes moved over her body the entire time pausing to watch her breasts heave with each breath. A thin sheen of sweat had started to form on her cheek. Enrique had broken a sweat as well the two gliding against each other with each move.

"Come on let's get out of here." Karen breathed in his ear. As she waited for him to answer she captured his lobe between her teeth tugging playfully. "You've got me all wet." She hissed bringing her hand down over his and pushing his fingers down a little farther. Her panties were literally soaked through, if not for the vinyl pants the entire club would have seen her dripping through the fabric.

"But." She cut him off with a kiss. Not a light beck but a full on kiss slipping her tongue past his lips to dance with his. There tongues moved just like their bodies feeding from each other's lusts on the dance floor. She could still taste the last bits of beer on his breath when she pulled away biting gently on his lower lip. That was all the encouragement he needed to let her lead him back to his truck.

"The back." She said opening the back of his truck and climbing into the covered bed motioning for him to follow. Enrique hesitated looking around the parking lot then climbing in after her.

Karen nearly tackled him slamming her lips against his as she started tearing at his shirt. Half the buttons came undone and the rest just came off. Enrique gasped as her painted nails racked up over his belly as she tried to peel his undershirt away from his sweaty flesh. 

"Karen!" He managed to gasp when she broke the kiss to tear the shirt away. That was all he managed before he found himself flat on his back kissing her again. He was certain that anybody walking by could see the truck rocking while she pulled her shirt up over her head and dropped it over his face.

By the time Enrique reached up and pulled the shirt away from his face she had already removed her bra. He opened his eyes inches from her breasts. In a second he had sucked one of the fleshy mounds between his lips sucking lustily. Goosebumps started to form over the rest of her chest as she cooed responsively to his touch. "That's it baby." She whispered expertly raising her hips up so she could shimmy free of her own pants one leg at time finally. First she kicked her shoes off then shook her pants off letting them settle over Enrique's legs.

"Kiss me!" She gasped and cradled his face in her hands and brought his lips back to hers. She kept her lips pressed against his as she started yanking his pants down from him letting them stay around his knees. She ran her fingers over her wetness using it to lube her hand before wrapping it around his shaft. 

Up and down she stroked his hard cock feeling him thrust his hips against her in response. Each time he rose a little farther from the bed of the truck grunting into her kiss. The two only parted to breath as Karen continued to toy with his cock. "Mmmm, its perfect." She smiled slowly breaking away from his lips but remaining only inches away from his face. They could feel each other's steamy breath against their own lips.

Slowly Karen eased Enrique down onto his back and slid up farther on his hips and sat down on the tip of his cock. She just barely let his flesh enter hers, enough for the warmth and wetness to set in and the look of desperation to settle of his features. Then she sat down a little farther letting another inch slide in and another and other until she'd taken his entire cock inside her.

The only move Enrique made was to grip her hips, his fingers digging lightly into her soft hips. For a long moment they remained locked like that before Karen started pumping her hips slowly up and down against him. "Mmmm it feels good doesn't it?" Enrique nodded beneath her trying his best to slow his breathing as he stared up into her eyes. "You'll love this."

Expertly she started to squeeze his organ with her muscles while she continued to pump her hips in slow circles. She instantly got the response she wanted as his back straightening and his fingers digging deeper into her flesh. "Mmmphf!" He gasped sitting up against her crushing her breasts against his chest as she worked him over.

"Nu uh babe, lay back and relax. I haven't shown you my best trick yet." She leaned over him letting her nipples barely graze against his chest as she started popping her hips rapidly up and down. Just the tip of his cock slipped in and out of her cunt with each move. It only took a few moments for him to start pulsing.

"Karen. . .I'm gonna." He gasped between each breath trying to force the words out between thrusts. His own hips were grinding up against her nose driving him closer and closer to his release each time.

"Go on baby, cum for me. Show me that I've done a good job." She whispered into his ear still pumping up and down faster and faster. "I'm gonna cum for you." She whispered kissing him again on the cheek then slamming her lips against his again. 

Their pleasured moans filled each other's mouths as he flooded her insides with his cum. She didn't stop pumping against him though letting his juices churn around inside for a few moments before she collapsed atop him breathing in rhythm with him.

"That-That was amazing." Enrique gasped. His fingers slowly sped up over her outer thighs as he looked up at her trying to catch his breath again.

"I know baby I know." She tilted her head up slightly kissing the bottom of his chin. "We should probably get out of here." 

He forced his head up slightly gazing down at her for a moment and finally pressing a kiss to her forehead. "You're probably right." He sat up and pulled himself free of her leaning back against the cab of his truck as he grabbed his clothing and started dressing. "You just stay back here Karen, I'll take you home." A final soft lingering kiss was shared before he crawled out of the truck bed and into the driver's seat heading back home.