 That morning when I woke up, the last thing that I had ever expected was to spend the evening in infinite carnal pleasure...with a former professor.

I know what you're going to say- you're going to give me the moral stance: how it breaks all kinds of ethics and that I put his career in danger. Listen, I know it wasn't the wisest thing to do but if you could see him- 28 years old, fit, black hair and blue eyes- and the way that he was looking at me, you might have done the same...

"Professor Tennant, its Kat- you wanted to see me?" I asked as I knocked on the door to his office. He has sent me an email asking if I could swing by his office whenever I could- and yes he knew that there was a chance I had late classes but he would be there late into the night grading papers.

"Come in Kat." He replied and I let myself into his office. As I entered the office, my eyes fell upon him. He was reclining in his office chair, his hair ruffled from running his fingers through it but his eyes, shining with intelligent, were fixed on me. "I'm sure you're wondering why you are here."

"Just a little bit seeing as I don't have a class with you anymore." I said with a smile and small laugh taking a seat.

"I know, I know. It was just- I was grading all these papers for my writing 200 class and I couldn't help but think about your persuasive paper on age difference in relationships. It is fascinating and there are few things I would like to discuss with you now- if that's okay."

"Yeah, it's fine." I answered but I wasn't feeling as confident as I would like. It was odd seeing as the only time we ever talk is when we happen to bump into each other in the hallways. Well, that and whenever I was around Professor John Tennant, my thoughts drifted from academics to purely sexual thoughts. 

What it would feel like to have his hands caress every inch of my skin, the feeling of his lips pressed against mine. I had gotten so caught up in my thoughts again that I had missed that John has slid my paper across the desk toward so we could discuss certain points.

"The first point-" He said when standing up from behind his desk. "- is the one where you discuss younger women dating older men."

As he finished his sentence, he stopped to stand behind me. He leaned over to read my paper over my shoulder.

"Yes, I feel quite strongly a-about this fact."

"Why?" He asked, his breath tickling my neck.

"I-I um think that it doesn't really matter the age difference as long as both individuals are happy."

"Very nice." John replied, leaning even closer. "So, Kat what do you think of a 28 year old and a 22 year old?"

"I-I think that is perfectly acceptable." I stammered out. My heart was racing and my breath was short. He couldn't be asking what I think he was- not about me. I turned my head to face him- I needed to look at him.

"I was hoping you would say that." He said 

And then before I could I could say a word in response, he crushed his lips against mine. I will admit to panicking for a second- the logical part of my brain was telling me that he was my professor and this shouldn't be happening. The rest of my mind took over when he ran his tongue over my lips asking to take this to the next level. I granted it and our tongues began to dance.

After a moment, we broke apart for air and he pulled me out of the chair and into his arms. As we continued kissing, he pulled me even closer and I became acutely aware of his growing erection pressing against the thin fabric of his khakis. This sent a bolt of pleasure through me and I found myself clawing at his belt in a desperate attempt to get it off. He pulled my hands away and backed me up until my legs hit his desk.

"Not yet." He said, his voice husky with desire.

I groaned and pushed me back further until I was lying flat on his desk and he was kissing every inch of exposed skin he could get at. In the space of a heart beat, I felt his hands hurriedly attempting to undo the buttons of my shirt while he continued to place kisses anywhere and everywhere he felt like. Each time his lips touched a new part of skin, I reveled in the feel of it and I felt myself growing wetter and wetter. At this rate, neither one of us was going to the physical act of sex before we climaxed.

We stopped for a moment, while I sat up- both of us panting- and threw my shirt across the room which was joined shortly by his shirt and undershirt. I began to reach for his pants when again he stopped me.

"Well aren't you eager?" He said with a laugh.

"Now you're just teasing me." I replied my voice deep with desire.

"I haven't even started." He replied with a smirk and then his hands were yanking off my pants and panties.

I was shocked for a moment- I was now sitting on my professor's desk, wearing nothing but a bra and aching for his touch. He wasted little time and began exploring the parts of my breasts not covered by the fabric of my bra. My head flung back and I barely stifled the moan he had elicited, a dim part of me remembering I was still in an office surrounded by other offices. Of course, just when I didn't think I could take it anymore, I felt the clasp of my bra unhinged and he redoubled the efforts of kissing every inch of my skin he possibly could. His lips made a slow, agonizing descent toward my wet pussy but his lips skated around the very place I wanted him to kiss- to taste- everywhere else. Needing him to stop teasing me- which while made sex all the more appreciated, it was beginning to drive me insane- I finally pushed him off of me, sat up, reached out and yanked on his belt.

"You need to lose the pants...now" I growled and surprise and enjoyment flickered across his face before he began to comply.

It took him several deliberate moments to finally strip himself of all clothing. I caught sight of his eight inch long erection and my body felt flush and I could feel my pussy aching with anticipation. I grabbed his shoulders and pulled him close, wrapping my legs around him and telling him with a kiss just how much I needed him.

"I need to hear it." He said before groaning as the head of his dick brushed the most sensitive part of me.

"John, fuck me right now." I replied pouring every ounce of desire and need I possibly could.

He smiled at the words and kissed me, hard and strong. He took advantage of the fact that I was preoccupied and sitting on the edge of his desk while he was standing, to torturously slowly glide his throbbing cock into me. He stayed there for a long moment while I adjusted to him. Soon, he just as slowly, glided himself back out. I moaned and he thrust himself back in me and knocked me flat on my back onto his desk and he laid down with me as he was still inside me. I dug my nails into his back and shoulders, clutching onto something- anything- as he pleased me like no other has ever before. As he began to pick up speed, I knew it wasn't going to be long before he took me over the edge.

"John, oh god, yes- right there."

"Fuck Kat." He grunted and he began thrusting deeper.

Once he began thrusting deeper, he nailed my g-spot and I began to get the feeling that I was about to climax.

"John, I'm cumming."

With one more powerful thrust, I went over the edge and I saw stars. My muscles tensed and a moment after I heard him follow me over the edge too. We lay there for minutes or hours, him still inside me, just holding each other.

However, we knew that we couldn't lay there forever, so we finally separated- in every physical sense of the word- and began dressing. When we had finished clothing ourselves, we stood there for an awkward moment before he crossed the room and kissed me. 

"What are you doing tomorrow night?" He asked after our lips parted.

"Nothing."

"Come out to dinner with me. For a proper date. This whole thing was a little backwards. After months of desiring you- both while you were my student and after- I couldn't help myself any longer. I needed you."

"I needed you too. And I would love to have dinner tomorrow."

"Excellent- I'll pick you up at your place..."

"845 Buffalo Street." I supplied.

"At 8:00 PM."

"8:00 then...professor." I said with a smirk and a parting kiss.