 This is my first time writing a story like this I love erotic stories. I am open to feedback but please don't be mean as I said this is my first time.

*****

I would have you sit on my couch and I would kneel in front of you. I reach out and trace your hardness through your shorts rubbing your hard length. I can feel how excited you are as you twitch in my hand. 

My nipples are already hard just begging for your touch when you reach down and play with my nipples through my nightgown I moan slightly pushing my boob farther into your hand.

We play like that for a while me stroking you through your pants and you playing with me through my nightie. I slowly start to undo your pants and pull you out of your pants and running you real slow just feeling how hard you are in my hand. I stroke you up and down and cup my hand around the head of your cock before I slowly jack you off. 

"Take your shirt off, I want to see all of you" you tell me. I stand up and slowly pull my nightie up revealing a little bit of my body at a time. I can hear you take a sharp little breath in as my lacy panties are revealed. I grin as I pull my nightie up a little father loving how this is torturing you.

I get to the bottom of my boobs and smile down at you "are you ready?" I say cheekily. All you can do is nod. I decide to stop teasing you so much and pull my shirt off quickly revealing my boobs to you in all their glory. "Beautiful" you say as you pull me into your lap and put one of my nipples in your mouth. I cry out it surprised me but it feels so good I run my fingers in your hair pressing your face into my chest even more not wanting you to stop. 

You switch nipples and give that one the same love and attention you did the first one. You twist me and lay me back on the couch as you trail a finger around my nipple and down my stomach. I am already so sensitive my stomach jumps as you trail your finger even lower. "Let me see how wet you are for me." I slightly spread my legs and you push them a little farther apart. You then take your finger and trail it up and down my lips refusing to touch the one spot I want you the most.

"Mmm you are pretty wet for me" you say as you slide your fingers in between my lips a little feeling how wet and slick I am for you. I lift my hips some trying to get you to touch my little button. Your fingertips just barely touches it and I let out a little moan. You just smile down at me and I know this is payback for my little strip tease. 

You have mercy on me and go straight for my clit and rub it in circles and pinching it between your fingers rubbing it side to side. I instantly react moaning and moving my hips to get closer and closer to your hand. You surprise me by sliding your hand down and shoving a finger inside me as deep as it can go I arch my hips up to you moaning. You wiggle your finger around inside me as you slide it in and out of me making me squirm and cry out. 

You add a second finger moving them opposite directions inside me exciting me and making me squirm even more. You pick up the pace working in and out of me while taking your thumb and rubbing my clit. I'm getting so close and it's almost too much to bear when you lean down and take a nipple into your mouth. It was just what I needed I hump your hand trying to take you deeper as I tighten around your fingers and cum all over your hand. You smile and me and kiss me and as I recover you just stroke my body. 

I want to give you the same pleasure so I kneel back infront of you and rest my tits on your knees. I lean forward and lightly kiss the tip and slowly lick all around your head and down to the base bringing my tongue all the way back to the tip getting all of you wet before I blow lightly on it making it cold before I suck you into my warm wet mouth as deep as I can. 

I slowly pull my mouth off and suck it deep again. I suck you faster and faster taking you in and out of my mouth. You decide you want to play too and have me lift up some spreading my legs as you quickly find my wetness and slide your finger in. I slowly ride your hands as I enjoy myself I swirl my tongue all around the tip and the bottom of the head. Everytime I suck the tip in I swirl my tongue as I slide you back out.

I take my hand and massage your balls as I suck you. I then pull my mouth off and trail my tongue down your dick to your balls as I slowly suck them into my mouth and roll them around with my tongue. I Stoke your hard cock as I roll your balls around in my mouth with my tongue.

You show me you like this by picking up your pace in my pussy I have to pause as you slide your fingers in faster and wiggling them opposite directions again you have me moaning and humping your hand faster and faster I can feel myself getting ready to cum again. 

You turn your hand to where the heel of your hand is hitting my clit every time you slide your fingers deeper into me. I cry out and cum all over your hand again it is so much this time it drips down your hand onto the rug. I turn my attention back to you and lick my way back to the tip and suck you back into my mouth while sucking I look up into your eyes and smile with you in my mouth.

I reach up and tease and twist your nipples while still sucking you. I bring my hand back down and start to work your dick with my hand and my mouth twisting my hand softly in one direction as my mouth twists in the opposite direction creating more friction. I stop twisting and I look back up at you and take your hand and place it on my tit silently asking you to play. 

I make sure to get your dick super wet before I take you back into my mouth using my hand to jack off the lower part of your dick as I suck on your head and I swirl my tongue an twist my head each time I suck you back faster and faster before I decide it's enough. I smile at you as I climb up in your lap I lean down and kiss you deeply and passionately while rubbing myself on your hardness. We moan into each other's mouths as I reach down and slide your hard dick into my hot wetness. 

I sink all the way down as you fill me up we just kiss enjoying the feeling of you deep inside me before I slide up and down taking you in and out of my pussy. I sink all the way down and grind my clit on your pelvic bone. I moan as I start bouncing up and down on your hard cock making my tits bounce in your face as you take one of my nipples in your mouth I moan the sensation of having you deep inside me and you sucking me is almost pushing me over the edge. 

You then take your hands and pull me hard down onto your dick by my hips we continue to bounce And thrust against each other frantically until I just squirt all over you coating your lap it's so much that we are now making squishing slapping noises as you slide in and out of me I can't stop moaning now it's so intense I have to kiss you and let you see just how good you are making me feel.

We keep up the frantic fast pace and I can feel you start to thicken and explode deep in my pussy I slowly work you up and down can milking you with my pussy trying to get every last drop of your cum.

It was so intense my legs don't want to work as you lay us down and you rub my shoulder and arm as we recover.