 Readers are encouraged to read the first installment of Naughty Nurse Susan before reading this chapter. 

*****

After ending her shift at 07:30, Susan took the elevator down to the hospital parking garage on Level I. As she stepped off the elevator she was fumbling with her car keys and was not watching where she was going. Two steps later she collided with a blonde girl in her early twenties. Her keys fell to the concrete, as did the blonde's purse which popped open and spilled its contents. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry!" said Susan. "It's totally my fault. Are you OK?"

"Yes, I'm fine." the blonde replied, as she bent down to pick up her purse. 

"Here, let me get that for you." Susan continued. She knelt down on the concrete and began to pick up the spilled contents; a lipstick, mascara, a roll of breath mints and a pen. Susan gathered the items along with her keys and raised her head to stand up. She was stopped by the young girl standing before her. Not physically stopped, but stopped by an amazing pair of legs and an even more amazingly short dress that was at least 8 inches above the girl's knees. 

Composing herself, Susan looked up at the girl's face just in time to see the girls eyes shift toward Susan's face and away from looking down the front of Susan's scrub top. 

After a slight pause Susan stood. 

"Here you are," Susan said, handing the purse to the girl. Susan quickly scanned the concrete looking for anything she had missed. 

"I think that's everything," she continued. "Again, I am so sorry. I hope you are ok."

The girl assured Susan that she was and they each went on their way, Susan headed to her car and the girl into the hospital elevator. 

Susan's car was only 5 spaces down the row, and she quickly unlocked the door and got inside. As usual, she locked the doors immediately. Pausing for a moment to catch her breath, she put the key in the ignition and started the car. 

After exiting the parking garage Susan settled in her seat for the twenty minute drive home. Her mind went back to her encounter at the elevator. She wasn't sure what surprised her more, her attraction to the girl's legs and short dress or that the girl had been looking down her scrub top. 

She thought about her actions with Mark Stevens in the middle of the night. She thought about it all; his pleading eyes and whispered voice, his rock hard cock that had stared her in the face when she took his pulse, the feel of his cock in her mouth, and the explosive orgasm she had while fingering herself and swallowing his sweet cream. 

She had really needed that orgasm. She remembered what she had told him, about riding his dick. She felt a tingle between her legs. 

A few minutes later Susan turned into her driveway. The tingle had grown stronger as she had replayed the events in her head. 

Turning off the ignition, Susan noticed her husband's car was gone. He was retired and often drove an older neighbor to doctors appointments and such. She unlocked the back door and entered the laundry room off the kitchen. Kicking off her shoes, she decided to take off her scrubs and do a load of laundry. She pulled the top over her head and tossed it into the washer. Likewise, she slipped out of her scrub pants, and into the machine they went. It was then that she noticed the wet spot in her panties. About the size of a half dollar, the darker stain stood out against the pink pastel color of the material. Instinctively her hand went between her legs, her fingertips touching the wet spot. She pressed them deeper into the cleft, the cotton fabric moist to the touch. Her middle finger found her clit, and she traced a small circle around the now swelling bud. She felt a shiver of pleasure and decided the laundry could wait. 

Heading to the kitchen in just her bra and panties she saw a note from her husband. 

"Took Jim to his doctors appointment," it said. "Be back about 10 o'clock."

Susan glanced at the clock. It was a little after 8. Plenty of time, Susan thought, plenty of time. She smiled as she headed toward the bedroom. 

Standing infront of the mirror Susan took a moment to look at herself. Time had been good to her. At her age most women's boobs had moderate sag; Susan's were still fairly firm. Her dark nipples were hard with anticipation of what was to come. She hooked her fingers in the waistband of her panties and quickly dropped them to her ankles before kicking them off. Her tummy was pretty good she reasoned, not fashion model good but definitely MILF good. The hair on her mons was neatly trimmed and she shaved everything below. 

Still at the mirror she opened her legs and without hesitation she began to finger herself. Her hand moved up and down over her clit, her middle finger sliding deep into her slit only to come out well coated with her slippery juices. Susan watched herself masturbate for five minutes, all the while thinking about last night with her patient Mark. She thought about how unprofessional it had been. And how good it had felt handling a young cock. How guilty she felt for cheating on her husband. How sweet his cum had tasted in her mouth. How hard her clit had been as she had rubbed herself. How wonderful her orgasm had been. She secretly hoped her special patient would ask for her services again. For now, her own hand would have to do. 

She jumped on the bed, and for the next twenty five minutes her fingers brought her to multiple orgasms as she imagined Mark Stevens taking her in every way possible - from behind, on top, and from underneath as she rode his young hard cock for all she was worth. In the end she collapsed on the bed after her fourth climax, a sheen of sweat covering her naked body and her chest heaving as she sought to catch her breath.

After a few minutes rest, Susan headed to the bathroom and spent 20 minutes showering and shampooing her hair. When the sweat and odor of her four orgasms were finally washed away, she turned off the water and reached for her bath towel. 

As she dried herself, she was keenly aware of the towel texture against her skin. It was a bit rough, causing her nipples to harden as she drew it across her chest. The coarseness of the fabric tingled as she drew it between her legs to dry her shaven pubes. Still sensitive from her lengthy masturbation, she dried herself as tenderly as possible. 

Turning to her dresser, she found herself selecting a black thong and a matching lacy bra. Not her usual underwear, but then this had turned into an unusual day. 

She finished dressing pulling on a tighter than usual top which was also a bit low cut, and wiggled into her favorite pair of skinny jeans. 

Her morning routine kicked in and she straightened the house, did a few dishes and finally started the delayed load of laundry. Her husband returned about 10:15, barely said hello, ignored the way she was dressed and went to the garage to work on his old car. Susan was sadly used to this, and continued on with her day. 

At 2:00 pm she headed off to the bedroom, dropped her clothes on the bedroom chair and crawled in bed. Susan slept in the nude, and had done so since her wedding night over thirty years ago. It had been great back then - no nightgowns to get in the way of some very hot sex. She and her husband had sex almost every night in one form or another. Many times she had drifted off to sleep having been well fucked by his hard prick, most times in her cunt, but occasionally, when she was really horny, in her ass. There were odd nights when oral sex had consumed them, and she fell asleep with a fresh load of cum in her belly, and her own clit numb from oral pleasures. She fell asleep quickly, and barely stirred until the alarm went off at 9 pm. After a quick shower she dressed in her scrubs and headed to the kitchen, getting ready for another 11-7 shift on 3 West.

Her mind went back to last night. To the call bell she answered for Mark Stevens. As she packed her lunch she wondered what was in store for her tonight. 

Across town another hospital employee was also getting ready for their night shift on 3 West. Sliding their smart phone back in their pocket after watching the video for the tenth time, they too wondered what tonight would bring. And if everything went as planned, Naughty Nurse Susan would be having sex again tonight.

The first several hours of Susan's shift passed quickly, delivering meds, doing routine checks etc. About two o'clock Susan took a quick glance around the nurses station to make sure everything was caught up before casually heading down the hall toward Mark Stevens room. About half way there the laundry closet door suddenly opened in front of Susan, startling her. A female figure emerged carrying clean linens. Susan recognized the girl as Amy Diggins from housekeeping. She came around every night about this time restocking the sheets and towels. 

"Amy, you gave me a start!" Susan exclaimed. "You just about scared the pants off of me!"

"I'm sorry," was the young girls reply as she looked Susan up and down. "But that wouldn't be such a bad thing, would it?"

Susan was speechless for a moment. "Uh, I'm not sure what you mean?" came her reply. 

Amy answered without missing a beat. "Your pants," she said, "that wouldn't be such a bad thing if I scared them off of you, would it?" She finished her comment with a devilish grin. 

Susan wasn't sure what was going on, so she quickly tried to make light of the situation. 

"I don't think anyone around her would like to see me without pants," she said laughing. 

"I wouldn't be so sure of that," Amy responded with a sly look on her face. "I'll bet Mr Stevens wouldn't mind seeing you without them again!"

Amy watched as the color drained from Susan's face. Susan tried to speak, but the words stuck in her throat. "You... you... you saw...?"

Amy nodded as she reached into her pocket. "I not only saw it," she said, "I caught you on video." She held up her cell phone. 

Susan's knees went weak. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Amy's voice brought her back to reality. "Wanna see the video?" she asked, the smirk on her face now very evident. 

"Ahh, no. NO!" Susan answered. "What, um, what are you going to do? With the video?" Amy took note of the desperation in Susan's voice. 

"You're not going to show it to anyone are you?" Susan asked. And then another more terrifying thought hit her. "Please don't, please please don't post it online!" 

Tears welled up in Susan's eyes. "He just needed some help, he couldn't, he couldn't help himself. His arms..." Susan's voice trailed off, tears now streaking down her face. 

Amy had though about what she would say to Susan at this exact moment. She had thought about it all day long as she had watched the video over and over. And she knew exactly what she was going to say. 

"Relax Susan, I'm not going to show it to anyone or post it online." Susan breathed a short lived sigh of relief. "At least not as long as you do what I say!" continued Amy. 

Susan was shocked. Blackmail had never crossed her mind. The way everyone was posting everything online these days, she figured they did it for the thrill. Now Amy was making demands. 

"What?" asked Susan, "what do you want? Money??" Now Susan was getting angry. Angry at Amy, but also angry at herself. How could she have been so stupid? One time, that's all it was, one time her patient had asked for her help. He was aching. She helped him. And now it was going to cost her something. 

"No, not money," Amy replied. She turned and opened the closet door, motioning for Susan to join her inside. They entered the closet together. 

"What then?" Susan asked. "If not money, then what?" Amy's reply stunned her. 

"I want you to do for me what you did for your patient. I want you to make me cum with your mouth. I want you to lick my pussy till I cream all over your face. And if you do a good job, I'll do the same for you."

Susan hesitated. "And if I refuse?" she asked. 

"Then I'll send the video to your co-workers, the director of nursing and the hospital president." was Amy's response. 

Susan knew she had no choice. She would have to meet Amy's demands. But she stalled for time. 

"Amy, you're young, and very attractive. Surely there are other girls closer to your age that are, ah, that would probably like to, ah, do what you are asking me to do. Wouldn't you be happier with someone else?" Susan asked. 

"Truthfully, no." was Amy's reply. "I've been with girls my age and they don't do it for me. They never have. I much prefer older women."

Amy hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her scrubs and began to slide them down her legs. 

The hallway intercom suddenly chimed outside the closet door. "Susan, to the nurses station please, Susan, nurses station." came the page. 

Amy grabbed Susan and pushed her against the door. "Saved by the bell this time," she said. "But this isn't over. Here's something to think about."

With that, Amy leaned in and kissed Susan fully on the lips. A long hot kiss, filled with passion. Susan felt Amy's tongue probing, and she instinctively opened her mouth and accepted the kiss. She felt a warm familiar tingle between her legs as their lips parted. 

"Meet me in the parking garage after shift," said Amy. "Don't even think of avoiding me or I'll send that email, I swear I will."

All Susan could do was nod her acceptance. 

As she returned to the nurses station she checked the clock. She smiled. Only 5 hours till end of shift.