 "That's what I have been waiting to hear!!" he grinned as he lifted her up out of the chair like she was weightless and put her on the bed. His brown eyes grazed over her body, taking in every curve, making his dick point more towards his belly. 

"Get on your knees!" he commanded. Sarah got on her hands and knees as Sean removed the rest of her remaining clothing. 

"God, you're beautiful!!" he moaned as his hand touched her swollen clit from behind. She grinded her pussy into his palm, demanding more of his touch as he climbed on top of the bed, bending over her. He ground his hard shaft against her rounded ass, rubbing her ass cheeks at the same time. 

"I want to take my sweet time enjoying you," he growled as he reached underneath to touch her pert tits, twisting his nipples between his fingertips. She purred as his fingers gently slid down the length of her back.

He planted kisses on her ass, massaging it as he played with her pussy. He pushed his cock between her asscheeks, thinking about how wonderful it would be to have anal sex with her. He urged her to go on her back, as he lay on top of her, his mouth making quick work of her nipples as he licked and sucked on his nipples. 

"Sean," she murmured as he brought his lips to hers again as his thick rod moved against her mound. He kept teasing her, gliding his chest against hers, as his hands caressed her sides. He stared deeply in to her eyes as her fingertips traced circles on his back. "You don't know how long I have dreamt of this," she said as she brought her lips to his, swirling her tongue in his mouth. "I have dreamt of you, gently touching my cheek as you are now," as she leaned her cheek into the palm of his hand. "To feel your body on top of me, your want and hunger present in your eyes," she muttered, his eyes transfixed on her as she continued to speak. "Especially, as you thrust deeply into me." 

"Sarah," he grumbled as he propelled into her, her walls grabbing his shaft, as he slowly plunged into her depths, as he made love to her. They groaned together as they moved as one, her hips matching what he was giving her, her hands squeezing his ass, wanting him to thrust deeper. 

He adjusted their position, placing her long legs on his shoulders, as pulled her closer to him, slamming into his wetness, his fingers making imprints on her hips, his balls slapping her as he went deep. She felt herself tightening around him, as she reached between them to play with her clit, her climax getting closer.

"Fuck me harder!!" she uttered quietly, as he pounded her hard and fast, as they got closer to cumming. With his last push deep into her, he couldn't hold out any longer as his cum filled her womb, flowing into her. 

They both came together as they heard someone fiddling with the handle of the door. Sean placed his hand over Sarah's mouth as the person asked, "Sara, are you in there?" It was Tanya, the RPN who worked on the upper floor above. Sarah could feel Sean's cock throbbing in her, making her want to moan. "Sara, we need your help on the other floor. It's an emergency!" Sarah could hear the urgency present in her voice. Sean nibbled on her ear and said quietly, "I think you should answer her." She nodded as she called out, "Okay. I'll be right there," trying to make her voice sound normal. Sean was spooning her now, gently pushing his shaft in and out as Tanya asked, "Why is the door locked?" 

Sarah tried to think of an answer as Sean pulled her nipple, causing her to moan quietly. "Mmm. I'm giving him a bath." "Oh. Okay. Well, when you're finished, can you come upstairs?" She could barely answer as he was fully erect again, pounding her mercilessly, "Okay," was the only answer could muster as she heard Tanya footsteps gradually move away from the door.

"That was close and why did you have to start again?" 

"Because I like seeing you flustered and I wanted to throw you off guard." 

"You do, huh?" as she gripped her pussy around his cock, eliciting a groan out of him.

Sean pummelled her, breathing heavily, "I need to cum in you again," as he exploded, his cum overflowing out of her. "I want to see you walking around in the hospital with my cum dripping down your leg."  She thought about the nasty thought and it turned on. 

To be continued