 I walk up your drive really excited at what's about to happen. We've chatted on whatsapp about this for a little while, and we've agreed as it's our first meet, you'll just suck my cock, for £10. I can't believe I've found such a horny slut who'll do this so cheaply, and having wanked over your pics for the last week I think I'm dreaming. (I've lost track of the number of times I've cum over your pictures, or over one of our fantasy conversations). As I'm paying you too, I've given you your instructions - you're to meet me at the door in just a short dressing gown, nothing else, and as soon as the door's closed you're to act as if I'm your lover and that you haven't seen me for months.

I'm shaking as I press the doorbell. You see whilst we know I'm an absolutely filthy pervert, it's only now that I'm actually beginning to act on my feelings, so I'm actually pretty nervous. Little do I know you're actually feeling the same on the other side of the door. As you hear the doorbell go you think 

"Fuck, this is it. I'm about to suck a near stranger's cock for money." 

You're obviously horny, as you've already had a long soak in the bath and 2 wanks this morning as you've waited for me, but equally you're trembling with nerves.

You open the door and we smile at each other. Deep down I guess it's partly because we're both a little nervous and it relieves a bit of the tension, but partly because we're looking at each other thinking 

"You dirty fucker - I can't believe we're doing this." 

I look you up and down and nod my approval at you wearing what we'd agreed. My eyes linger on your tits as I can clearly see your nipples through the thin material. You notice me staring and this turns you on even more. Having a guy leering at you like a piece of meat he wants to use makes you feel filthy. And the fact that he's paying you just £10 to do it makes you feel even more slutty.

You nod to gesture me inside, and as I step through the door you feel a little tingle in your cunt. As the door clicks shut, I take the lead and push you straight up against the wall and begin to kiss you really passionately. Sexy, wet, heavy kisses, we're struggling for breath as we kiss, we're going at it that fast and hard. Our tongues wrap round each others, we bite each others lips, really dirty desperate kissing. After about a minute of this my hands wake up, and I begin to feel your tits. This time it's not about me pleasuring you or thinking about how to arouse you. This is about me being the punter, and I just want to maul your tits for my own pleasure, as you're mine to do with as I like for my money. I rub them hard, and maybe pinch your nipples. You gasp as it's just a little bit too hard to be really pleasurable for you, but the fact that me doing this tells you you're mine to use as I like makes it very sexy.

After I've groped at your tits for a while my hands flip round to your sexy ass. I slide under the back of your dressing gown so my hands are on your bare ass, and then I pull you into me. I keep groping it, but also pull you hard against my cock so you can feel it pressed against you. I'm only wearing jogging bottoms, so there's just a thin layer of material between my cock and your cunt - and you can really feel it. Anyway, before we get down to business, I push you back against the wall, and this time my hand slips down to your wet cunt - I want to feel it before you get to work on my dick, and I slip a finger in you easily. Fuck you're soaking wet, and so I slip a second and then a third up you and begin to finger fuck you hard and again a little rough. You're my whore and I can do that if I like. I sense your cunt tighten round my fingers and that you're already getting close! 

"Fuck Andy I'm going to cum soon, keep going, finger me harder." 

Then I stop and you look at me pleading with your eyes. 

"Please Andy. Please!"

I laugh. 

"No way slut. I'm not here for your pleasure, I'm paying to use you - you can make yourself cum when I've gone you cock whore."

With that I taste my fingers and it tastes fantastic. On a different day I'd have loved to have dropped to my knees, pulled your lips apart with my thumbs and flicked my tongue over your clit to make you cum. But not today. I'm here to get my cock sucked, cum, pay and leave.

You look gutted at the realisation that I'm not interested in your enjoyment, but in a way this makes it even sexier. I'm here to use you, that's all. 

I step back enjoying the wanton look on your face, my hands drop to my waist and in one motion I slip my jogging pants down to my ankles.

"Suck it. And do a good job my little whore."

In a trance you get straight down and without thinking open your wet, warm mouth over my cock end, before sliding your mouth all the way to the base. I'm clean shaven, and you're taking the whole length in your mouth. It feels fucking amazing for me, you're clearly experienced at sucking cock you dirty bitch. From your end it tastes fantastic - and you're in heaven, doing what you love, on your knees worshipping cock. This is so horny I know I won't last long but fuck it will be good. I take hold of your hair and begin to push you up and down my shaft. You're not sucking my cock any more, I'm fucking your face...... In your trance you're desperate to show me how good you are, so you start massaging my balls as you suck, and this makes me groan with pleasure. Sensing that does it for me, you slide your mouth off my cock and run your tongue over my balls, taking each in your mouth. I love the feel of a hot mouth taking in my balls, and I'm sure you love doing that, so we're both in heaven.

Sensing I can't take much more, I tell you to pull away. You're still kneeling in front of me, and I ask if you want my cum. 

"Oh fuck Andy please - give me your cum."

"Beg me for it you slut."

"Fuck Andy - pleeeaaassse! I'm your cock slut and I want your cum. Anywhere - over my tits, in my whore's mouth, my arse. Anywhere!"

"OK my little slag - you can have it. Wank me off over your face."

I know I'm only seconds away anyway and your hand starts to wank me fast. 

"Open your mouth slut, and tell me to cum on you."

Picture this scene - we're just inside your front door, you're on your knees with your gown wide open, wanking me off over your face, with your mouth wide open and tongue hanging out.

Obviously I can't take any more of this, and I groan loudly as I feel the cum surging up my cock. You feel the first splash of hot, sticky cum, not just in your mouth, but a big stream splash across your face and in your hair. Then another. And another. What I never told you as were arranging this on-line was that I've been saving myself for about 2 weeks - and you're getting a huge load all over your face. Your pussy's throbbing with excitement as you feel load after load hit your face, and as you start to milk out the last drops with your hand, I look down and see you're absolutely covered in the stuff. It's like a scene from a bukkake shoot. 

After you release my cock from your grip, I reach down and pull up my jogging bottoms. Again on a different day we could have thought of a sexy way to clean you up together, given you a turn, had some nice sexy naked kissing and cuddling. But not today, I've used you and I'm going to leave. You feel filthy, used and cheap. But so horny. You'll go upstairs and wank yourself stupid the minute I leave. Maybe you won't even get that far, maybe you'll just lay there in the hallway with your legs spread wide open and make yourself cum when I've gone.

Anyway, remembering our deal, I reach into my wallet and take out £10 - you've earned it slut. I pass it down to you, but push your hand away as soon as you try and grab it. I push the £10 in your mouth, and you close your lips round it. This is too good to miss, so I take out my phone and snap a picture of you. Then, I just open the door and leave.

A couple of minutes later, about 10 of my friends' phones vibrate. As they begin to open their messages, they see the picture, you -- pretty much naked, on your knees, face and hair covered in my cum, with £10 half hanging out of your mouth. With the caption:

"This slut will suck any cock for £10 -- text me for her number."