 My husband and I were hosting a party over the weekend; I was at the local Wal-Mart picking up a few supplies. My phone beeped, and looking down, my smile was instant. It was a text from Dave, a friend I had met online in the chat room of a swinging site. 

We had started out casually chatting in the room, before moving on to more intimate and erotic private chats. We eventually exchanged phone numbers so we could be in contact on the go. Dave lived almost 800 miles away and I never thought I would meet him or his wife in person. Our text messages grew in familiarity and sexual innuendos, until every text from Dave made me wet with desire.

I sat down on a bench to chat with him; I was in no hurry today. He always brought a smile to my lips and made my nipples harden, longing for his touch. I was incredibly aroused whenever we talked. My libido was high, and Dave knew just what to say to get me wet.

I mentioned I was at Wal-Mart, and he asked what I was wearing. I answered, "denim mini skirt and t-shirt." 

He told me to go into the bathroom and remove my panties. I only hesitated for a moment. I loved playing these little games with him. I took my cart to the restroom area and entered the bathroom. I entered a stall and took off my panties, putting them in my purse.

Hiking my skirt up, I held the phone awkwardly and took a picture of my bare ass sending it to Dave's phone. Exiting the stall, I received a reply from him telling me to send a mirror picture of how hard my nipples were. Looking at myself in the mirror, my face was flushed. I looked around; I was alone in the bathroom for the moment. Quickly pulling up my shirt and bra, I snapped a picture of myself in the mirror and sent it.

The risk involved in this little game had my pussy throbbing and my juices flowing. Dave hadn't sent me any pictures today, but I had a few saved on my phone of his hard cock. He had also once sent me a video of him masturbating to climax. The thought of that video made me decide to masturbate in the car before heading home. My concentration would not be focused on the afternoon traffic otherwise.

Walking to the front of the store to pay for my purchases, I could feel my wetness on the insides of my thighs. I hadn't received another text from Dave, I wondered if he was as turned on as I was right now. 

I pulled out my wallet, careful to keep my panties tucked into my purse. There was a handsome man standing in line behind me. I gave him a small grin, he was checking out my legs and ass. He didn't seem embarrassed to be caught looking.

He turned to the cashier and stated that he believed I had something in my purse I had not paid for. I blushed deeply and denied having anything in my purse, but she immediately alerted security. He grinned at me as I was whisked to the office at the back of the store. 

The entire time the security guard was escorting me, I was stammering that I was not a shoplifter, and I had paid for every item from the store. Once in the security office, the older, gruff looking man asked if he could search my purse. I blushed deeply, because I knew my panties were in there, but nodded that he could. 

He dumped my purse on the desk and proceeded to examine the contents. He found the mini vibrator, the one I keep for those emergencies where I just need a quick O during my lunch hour. After turning it on and off a few times, he placed it aside. 

He then found my panties. Picking them up, he smelled them. "These don't smell new."

I told him that they were not new, that I had been wearing them, but had taken them off and put them in my purse. 

He said, "I don't believe you. Show me." 

My heart was pounding, I was so embarrassed; but at the same time, I was extremely horny. I could not believe it, but I stood up and raised my skirt so he could see that I was not wearing any panties. 

I pictured him walking around his desk towards me, dropping to his knees in front of me, and pushing me back into the chair, pressing his hands to my inner thighs to spread my legs. 

I couldn't speak, my heart was racing and I could not believe how incredibly turned on I was. I closed my eyes, knowing that my body was betraying me... my nipples tingled and stood erect, aching for a touch. He stood there, exploring my body with his eyes.

His radio buzzed, alerting security to another part of the store. "Damn it," he muttered. "I don't suppose I could talk you into meeting me this evening? I would really like to taste your beautiful pussy." 

I shook my head, keeping my eyes lowered in shame. I could not believe what had just happened. I was not sexually attracted to this man, and I had shown my pussy and fantasized about him touching me. I had turned into such a slut, what was wrong with me? 

His radio buzzed again. "Damn it." He adjusted his erect cock in his pants. "Gather your things, you are free to leave." He walked out of the office.

I gathered my wallet, vibrator, panties, and shoved it all back into my purse. Grabbing my purchases, I stepped out of the office into the store and quickly rushed to the front door. I needed to get to my car and try to get my thoughts back together. 

As I walked across the parking lot, I noticed the sexy stranger who had been in line behind me. He smiled, and my face flushed. He walked toward me; he wasn't going to let me walk past him. 

The rage that had been just below the surface bubbled over and I swung my purse at his shoulder, "I cannot believe you have the nerve to stand here smirking at me when you just tried to have me arrested for shoplifting!" He grabbed my purse before it could make contact and continued to smile at me. He had the most amazing smile, with a slight dimple on the right side, and a bit of stubble on his jaw. I wondered if it was rough or soft, and my fingers twitched with the urge to reach up and feel his cheek with my hand. I was so aware of his animal presence, that my pussy clenched and I could feel the juices flowing down my thigh. 

I took a step backward, I was so flustered I couldn't decide whether to scream, or break down and cry. He still had his hand on the strap of my purse and was pulled toward me as I backed up. 

"Hey sweetheart, relax, it was just a little joke," he said in a soothing voice. 

I couldn't believe it. I had bared my naked pussy to a dirty old man in a grungy office in the back of the Wal-Mart, and this guy thought he had pulled the greatest prank in the world. As the rage filled me, he returned to grinning. He lifted an eyebrow and cocked his head to the side, letting his eyes travel from my face down the length of my body, lingering on my erect nipples and then traveling all the way down my long legs, before looking me in the eye. 

It took all of my willpower to not cross my arms in front of my chest, I knew my thin t-shirt and light lace bra were not hiding my perky breasts or the nipples that I could tell were erect from the tingling sensations I got just from his gaze. 

Silently cursing myself, I decided that I seriously needed psychotherapy. I had always been such a good girl. Recently my husband and I had started swinging, and my sex drive was in high gear. I had also discovered that I was bisexual; I could not get enough of a sexy woman, and loved to bring them to pleasure with my lips, fingers and tongue. I had become a complete nympho, craving and thinking about sex all the time. Even as angry as I was with this stranger, I wanted to know what he looked like naked, and wondered if he would still have that smirk on his face as he felt my tight wet pussy enveloping his hard cock.

He cleared his throat, and that brought me back to the moment. He had taken another step toward me, and still held onto my purse. He was about six foot tall, and he was dressed in a t-shirt that outlined his strong chest and showed off his muscular arms. His dark jeans outlined his hips and I could see the distinct bulge in the front of his pants. There was the hint of a tattoo on his left bicep, and I thought I could see rings in his nipples underneath the shirt. My fingers again itched to place my hands against his chest, to feel his hardness under my palms, and tease those nipples with my fingertips. I looked back into his face and bit my lower lip. My breath was catching, and my heart was racing. I wanted him. 

Again he smiled and whispered, "Can I ask you a question, sweetheart?" I couldn't find the words, so I only nodded, looking into his dark eyes. "Why were your panties in your purse?" I felt myself blushing, but couldn't make my mouth work to talk. He raised his eyebrow again and looked at me, "Did you put them back on?" 

I shook my head no, and lowered my eyes. Now I was looking at the bulge in the front of his jeans, and I couldn't believe it, but it had gotten bigger. I decided that his jeans were probably very uncomfortable for him right now. 

He touched my cheek, pushing a lock of my blonde hair out of my face, and leaned toward my ear. "I know all about you. I know you took off those panties because deep inside you are such a dirty little slut. You like to walk around in public, just sexy enough to get looks from all the men and half the women, but you relish the fact that no one knows what an amazing whore you really are in bed. How much you crave cock and pussy. How just the thought of sex with a stranger has your pussy creaming and your nipples hard." 

I gasped. 

"I know all about you," he said.

"H-H-how do you know me?" I stammered. I took another step backwards and felt the bumper of a car against my legs. 

He followed me, and pressing against my body, whispered, "Sweetheart, I have been looking forward to meeting you for so long. I'm Dave." 

I brought my hands up and pushed into his chest, trying to get enough room to breathe. This couldn't be Dave, he lived in Pennsylvania, and he would have told me if he was coming to see me. I looked into his eyes, saw him smile again. Then recognition came over me. It really was Dave. I didn't know why he was here, but I knew that my fantasy lover was holding me in his arms. 

He put his hands in my hair and pulled me to him for a sexy kiss. He licked my lips, probing them, looking for entrance. I opened my mouth slightly, and felt his tongue push into my depths. His fingers tightened around my head and I was spinning. 

Instead of pushing him away, my fingertips explored his chest, and shoulders. Running my hands over his shoulders, down his muscular arms, and back to his chest, I lightly stroked his pierced nipples. I flicked them with my fingertips and he hissed and ground his growing bulge into me. I put my hands around his waist, to pull him harder into me. He kissed down my neck, flicking his tongue on my racing pulse and nipping at my sensitive neck with his teeth. I arched my back and dropped my head back to give him better access to my soft flesh. 

He put his feet between mine and pushed my legs open further, all the while he traced kisses up and down my neck, dipping once in a while to lick my cleavage that was showing from the t-shirt. He fit perfectly between my thighs, grinding my softness to everything that was hard about him. I whimpered and held onto his head as he devoured my body.

Pushing me back even more, I found myself lying across the hood of the car I had been leaning on. Dave used this opportunity to let his hands find my breasts and knead them with his strong fingers. My nipples were very erect through the lace of the bra and the thin shirt; he rolled them with his fingers while he looked at my expression. 

I looked him in the eyes and wrapped my legs around him, making my skirt rise up to my waist. My bare ass was sliding on the car hood, and I was rubbing my pussy all over the bulge in Dave's pants. He bent his head and took a nipple in his mouth, sucking it and gently biting it with his teeth, pulling on it. My pussy was drenched and pulsating so much; I needed him to help me quench this fire. "Please," I moaned. 

He smiled and grabbed my ass pulling me even closer to him. His fingers slid around and found my wet and throbbing pussy. He slowly pushed a finger inside of me and groaned at the sensation, "You are so tight and wet, sweetheart."

He used that one finger and slowly pushed it in and out of me, all the while teasing and abusing first one nipple then the other with his mouth. His left hand squeezed and stroked my ass. "Oh God, I need...." I whimpered. I didn't know what I needed, but I was going to die a slow death if he kept this up. 

He kissed me again, taking my breath away. As his tongue attacked my mouth, he let another finger join the first one inside my pussy. He found the spot on the front wall of my tunnel, and started a slow, steady stroking. His thumb flicked my clit with every stroke of his hand. I held onto his shoulders, my head fell back, and I exploded in ecstasy. He kept stroking my g-spot, kept hitting my clit with his thumb, until I came down off my high. 

He continued to smile at me as he took his fingers and put them in his mouth to taste my sex. I kissed him, tasting myself on his lips. I pushed on his shoulders and he helped me to stand on shaky legs. 

I looked around. It seemed we had not attracted any attention, but I figured we had better find a more private place to continue our fun. He held me close to him, and I could feel his throbbing erection pressing against me. Dropping my hands to his waist, I undid his button. 

He gasped... "Sweetheart, if you take my cock out, I'll never be able to put it back in my pants to walk across this parking lot."

Now it was my turn to smile. I pulled him back towards a van, and dropped my purse to kneel on it in front of him. His hands shot out and held onto the van when I took his zipper down and freed his hard cock. I lightly stroked him from balls to tip, and then squeezed it at the base while I licked the slit and all of his pre cum. I looked up at him with a devilish grin, and took the head of his thick cock in my mouth. As I took as much of it as I could in my mouth, I reached into his pants and massaged his balls with one hand, and grabbed his ass with my other hand to let him know he could set the rhythm and pump into my mouth. 

I looked up at him, as he put his hands in my hair and began to slide his hard dick in between my lips. With each thrust he went deeper, I swirled my tongue around it and relished the look on his face. Soon, he was thrusting his cock as deep as it would go, and I was swallowing the end of it down my throat. He grabbed my head and I knew he was going to cum; I moaned around his cock, making it thrum in my throat. He groaned and started pumping his sperm deep into my mouth. I swallowed every drop and kept sucking until he pulled his spent cock from my mouth. I kissed it and cleaned it before helping him tuck it back into his pants. 

He helped me stand, straightening my hair and gave me a great big hug. "I can't believe I waited so long to come visit you," he laughed. "Where is your car?"

As we traveled to my house, he explained that he had been talking with my husband, and they had set the whole thing up as a surprise. Dave and his wife Jenny had gotten into town that morning, and right now, Jenny and my husband were doing all sorts of naughty things to each other. I sped up a little bit; I couldn't wait to join them. We had almost a week to live out all of our fantasies, but I wanted to get started right away.

As we drove, I told Dave about the security guard, and what a naughty girl I had been...