 Aaaaah, my pussy feels so good as I pant and gasp for breath. Your tongue is still teasing me, gently lapping at my clit, and you look up at me with that soft pleading in your eyes, wanting me to reciprocate but not being pushy, letting me do whatever I want, indulging me ... 

"Let's go back to my place," I say, and I see the joy in my new lover's eyes, the man who has done so much for me even though I've never given him pleasure before, it's been all about me so far, but I want to give him back some pleasure. "I want some privacy so we can make some noise and not worry about being busted ..." 

We somehow survive the ride back to my place, as my new lover, clearly immensely distracted by what happened, is dangerously distracted in the heavy traffic, but finally we are in my house.

This tall, handsome, strong man who has given me so much unreciprocated pleasure, the man I've teased and tempted and flirted with without ever satisfying his lusts, driving him crazy with anticipation, is finally standing before me with this hungry look in his eyes.

There is this brief awkward moment, then he leans his head down and our lips touch, his kiss is gentle, testing the waters, making sure I'm OK with this. Speaking of waters, my cunt is soaking wet, I can feel my juices start to run down my leg, and so I slide my tongue into his mouth and kiss him passionately while guiding his hand between my legs to feel my juices for the first time.

His green eyes look into mine, startled but oh so happy that I've finally let him touch me there -- he's told me how much he misses having a wet pussy to touch, how he's been deprived, and his fingers slide over my clit which is starting to tingle and then dips into my cunt, sliding in and oooooh it feels good to have his fingers inside me as his tongue probes and thrusts inside my mouth.

I want something besides his tongue in my mouth so I reach down and for the first time rub his hardening cock and I impatiently unzip his shorts and they drop to the ground. He's not wearing any underwear and my hand slides over his stiff prick, mmmmmm it feels good to see how much I turn him on.

I know he loves my body, loves the exotic look of my petite body, so different from his wife. His hand starts thrusting a finger inside my slit while his other hand pulls my shirt off to reveal my breasts. He teases my nipples a bit with his spare hand then it wanders down and squeezes my firm little butt.

He takes his tongue out of my mouth and whispers in my ear what a sexy body I have, how he loves to squeeze my sexy ass, and I'm overcome with lust and longing to please him, to pleasure this rock hard cock in my hand leaking precum, to please this man who has my heart pounding wildly and passionately.

He looks in my eyes and senses what I want. His hand is on my shoulder gently pushing down, urging me to drop down, and I happily oblige, I drop to my knees and look up into his lust glazed green eyes and then at the hard cock pressing against my lips, urging me to open up for him, let him take me, let him use me to satisfy his lust, and I'm happy to give him this gift, I want to please him so much.

I part my lips for him, my new lover, and touch the tip of his cockhead with my tongue and give the slit a little lick, and he groans and puts his hands on the back of my head and pushes gently.

His cockhead starts sliding past my moistened lips and into my mouth. It feels so sexy to have his prick inside me like that, giving him pleasure like he gave me in the car at Sandy Beach a little while ago, and ooooooh it feels so good to have his hard rubbery cock in my mouth.

I tease him with my tongue, rubbing it along the underside of his cockhead, flicking it while my lips bump over the end of the helmet, just the cockhead inside my wet mouth, bobbing in and out.

He's talking dirty to me, telling me to take his shaft deep inside my dirty, slutty mouth, deepthroat him, be such a gooood little cocksucker, and I'm happy to oblige.

His hands on the back of my head start pushing his rock hard prick inside me, facefucking me, making me his woman. I relax my jaw and tilt my head up, looking in his eyes, letting him in my eyes how I LOOOVE to suck cock, love it love it LOVE it, and I move my tongue forward, touching my lip and covering my teeth so he can slide in without any bad friction, just a smooth easy push deeper and deeper.

I want his aching hard cock inside me. I let it push down and down, deepthroating, feeling so sexy and feminine and submissive as his cockhead hits the back of my throat.

It feels so good to be giving him pleasure, a woman giving the sacred gift of her body to her man to satisfy his lust and desire and let him know I want to be intimate with him in every sense of the word, this physical intimacy allowing us to grow closer and gain emotional intimacy afterward.

I rub his balls with one hand and slip a finger into my dripping cunt with the other, and yes, it's feels slutty and dirty but also so good, because I know he cares about me, it's not just fucking my face, there's an emotional intimacy, I can see it in his eyes, that loving look of a man who is enthralled with his woman, who wants to be with her night after night ...

And so that's why I'm so willing to let him fuck my face, allow the physical intimacy of his cockhead sliding inside me, because I know we have a future together.

So I slide and slither my tongue along the underside of his shaft as I take him deeper inside me, my jaws relaxed and open and willing to let his hardness intrude inside me, let his cock inside me the way our minds are inside each other's.

His thrusts are faster and more urgent now, his cockhead touching the back of my throat again and again, deep inside my wet waiting mouth as my finger slides inside my cunt, imagining that it's his cock inside my pussy and not my finger ...

Oooooh, I can't wait to give him that pleasure too, but mmmmmmm it feels good to have his hard cock fucking my mouth and I can't stop, I want to make him cum, I want him to take his pleasure and shoot his cum inside my mouth or maybe be really naughty and let him pull out and cum on my face, whatever he wants, I can't deny this hard strong man anything right now, he can do whatever he wants, make me his woman ...

"Oh, baby," me moans. "I'm gonna cum sweety, do you want me to cum in your mouth? Do you want all my sticky load, baby? Tell me yes, baby, do this for me ... Please swallow my cum baby, I need my sweet love to swallow me, all of me ..."

And I look him in his sexy green eyes, and he sees my love and my lust and my assent, and that look puts him over the edge, and he grabs my cheeks with his big hard hot hands and thrusts and cums and spurts and cums again, filling my mouth with his hot seed, and his eyes are full of love and lust as I swallow his cum, and I see him overcome with the sweetness of my eagerness to please him and take part of him inside me and make him mine, make him part of me ...

His breath is still ragged as he strokes my hair and whispers baby that was so good, so hot, thank you sweetie, his green eyes beaming his love at me, and my heart pounds madly, so happy to give him this gift of pleasure ...

*** 

Author's note: Is this turning you on? Is your pussy all wet and dripping reading this? Email me and tell me if this is working for you, if you're sitting at your computer stroking your clit ... tell me what you're doing as you read this, baby, give me that pleasure ...