 Report to the Headmaster!

In her previous story about Doctor Love's Practice, Natalie shared her concerns about her naughty school girl fantasies and her initial counselling. The charming Doctor Love's proposal of sexual therapy was too tempting for the young teacher. Natalie returns for a follow-up session to fulfil her fantasies and discovers more Practice surprises.

*

It was an exciting consequence that the Practice was the lovely building I'd been admiring as I walked between my apartment and Asquith Ladies College in Queen's Parade. I've been teaching science and maths for almost a year and still consider myself fortunate to gain the position at such a prestigious school for girls. I'd moved to the city to take up the position and discovered the Practice when looking for a new doctor. I couldn't resist the opportunity to see inside the building after contacting the Practice Manager.

Maddisyn's lovely and provided a tour a few weeks ago, explaining the facilities and services. The women are known as Guests and I've had two sessions with Doctor Love. I soon realised it wasn't your usual medical clinic. I'm about to have another session as I walked through the lovely gardens opposite the Practice on the way home from school.

Most people wouldn't realise it's a clinic for women. The Practice is a two-story terrace house on Park Crescent, well-known for its beautiful old buildings and spectacular park views. I loved the ornate aspects of the building but the interior of the Practice just took my breath away. The period features were amazing and beautifully restored. Every room is furnished with lovely period furniture and furnishings. No wonder it's expensive and exclusive, catering to discerning women who could afford such luxury.

I needed to discuss something bothering me, particularly being a teacher. Keeping my uniform when I finished school seemed innocent enough, wearing it when I'm in the mood for some intimate fun. Fantasising about being a naughty school girl and for personal self-pleasure is my little secret.

Nobody had seen me in the uniform. Not even Brent, my new boyfriend. I was worried about what he would think and I'd just die talking to Doctor Jefferies about it! He'd been our family doctor for as long as I can remember.

I had so many questions for Doctor Love and was relieved to hear I was normal. Apparently, fantasies and dressing up aren't that uncommon! I was also pleased how charming my new doctor was. Excited actually, he's quite handsome and distinguished looking for a man old enough to be my father. I could imagine Doctor Love as a headmaster of a private school. He has that air of authority and position about him. The naughty comparison adding to my interest and a new fantasy or two.

Our last session was more than interesting! I took my school uniform as we were going to discuss my fantasies, only at the last-minute thinking of wearing it to the session. I changed into the uniform and felt like a naughty school girl, hiding from Maddisyn and sneaking into Doctor Love's suite. I still get goose bumps recalling his reaction when I walked in, his eyes sweeping down my body and that gorgeous smile filling his face.

I just couldn't help myself, excitedly describing my fantasies to my new charming doctor and sharing my most intimate and erotic desires. I was literally dripping with need by the time I shared a couple of my favourites. I couldn't resist teasing Doctor Love with another, my current favourite I'd only had since meeting him.

It was about a distinguished looking headmaster who had a wicked way of dealing with naughty girls. I knew he would make the connection. I was surprised how exciting it felt. I was so horny and practically begged him for sex after describing the fantasy. It just popped out of my mouth! But it felt so wickedly good.

I knew it wasn't your normal doctor-patient relationship. My suspicions were confirmed when he proposed sexual therapy. It was wrong but there's something wildly exciting about acting out my fantasy with Doctor Love. I didn't care that he was my doctor or what was ethical and the consequences. All I wanted was to share my fantasy with someone. Who better to satisfy a woman than a sex therapist? I knew it wouldn't be Brent. I've been in a dull state of arousal while waiting for today's session!

I rang the doorbell and Maddisyn soon answered. 'Hello Natalie,' greeting me with her lovely smile you couldn't help but return.

Maddisyn's an attractive brunette in her mid-20s and only a couple of years younger than me. She's so elegant and always stylishly dressed. I always looked forward to seeing her and we're getting on well. I'm sure she made all the Guests welcome. Maddisyn has a gentle and angelic nature, almost spiritual, that seemed so appropriate in the peaceful and warm ambiance of the Practice. It was that sort of place.

'Would you like any refreshments?' She softly offered as we made our way into the Sitting Room.

I felt more adventurous than the tea and slice I had last time. 'May I have a white wine please?' I asked sitting on one of the two luxurious couches.

The Sitting Room is such a gorgeous room for relaxing before an appointment. Hardly a waiting room, nothing about the Practice reminds you of a medical clinic. The period furniture and furnishings are beautiful. A white marble fireplace is a feature where Guests can sit and enjoy a coffee or glass of wine on the comfortable couches.

Maddisyn soon returned with the wine and a selection of cheese and fruit. 'I thought you might like something with the wine,' she smiled.

'Thank you. It looks lovely!' I exclaimed, enjoying being a Guest.

It felt so surreal, sitting in such an elegant room and enjoying the wine before sharing a fantasy with Doctor Love. I felt my arousal steadily increasing as I thought about it. It's a little naughty going to the Practice for sex but that's part of the attraction. How could I pass up a little discreet fun with the enchanting Doctor Love? It was sexual therapy after all, wasn't it? The session was to be my living fantasy and fulfil a need I'd only dreamt about.

I picked up my carry-bag and started to make my way to the Guest Lounge and glanced at Maddisyn. 'I'll use the Lounge, and then go through to Doctor Love.'

'Natalie, I have something for you to take with you,' she mentioned.

I went by her desk and Maddisyn handed me a folded piece of paper. 'You can read it if you like,' she smiled.

'Thank you,' returning her smile and I started to unfold it as I went to the Lounge.

My heart started to pound in my chest and my mouth felt suddenly dry as I read, stopping me in my tracks. It was a teacher's note asking me to report to the Headmaster! It advised him that I'd been disruptive in class and told the teacher that it was because I was horny and needed sex. I couldn't believe what was unfolding. It was my favourite fantasy! The one I'd described to Doctor Love last session.

I turned and looked at Maddisyn realising what she knew. 'Hurry up. Don't keep the Headmaster waiting naughty girl!' She scolded in such an un-Maddisyn like tone of voice, followed by a knowing smile.

My mind was confused. It was weird but also sexually arousing at the thought of Maddisyn knowing. What happened to the quiet and innocent woman I thought she was? The Practice was full of surprises and proving even more intriguing. Trembling with a mixture of nerves, excitement and arousal at what was happening, I continued to the Lounge to change into a naughty school girl. Then a wicked thought occurred. Two can play that game.

I stopped at the door and turned towards Maddisyn. 'I might need help with my uniform Miss,' I ventured with a cheeky childish expression.

'I'll give you a few minutes and come in,' she replied with a generous smile of approval.

The Lounge is where Guests prepare for Doctor Love's session. Taking a deep breath, I tried to settle my wildly beating heart before stripping down to my white lace panties and bra. I changed into my school outfit and checked myself out in the dressing table mirror. I smiled seeing my breasts heaving in a tight school blouse with every rapid breath and long and shapely legs framed between tall white socks and flimsy pleated school skirt.

I was admiring my sexy look when Maddisyn joined me. 'I love your outfit. I thought it would be a costume but it's a real school uniform,' she commented, looking surprised.

'I kept it after school. It's just a little tighter and shorter now,' smiling and relieved at her reaction.

'Let's just open that blouse a bit and tuck the skirt up a little more,' she said, making the adjustments. 'Would you like me to do your hair and makeup?'

I eagerly accepted and Maddisyn used some of the lovely cosmetics, that were available for Guests, and then did my hair. Looking in the mirror, I was thrilled with how amazing I looked in the school uniform. I wouldn't think of wearing it anywhere other than the privacy of home. I'm sure Brent wouldn't approve. Wearing it at the Practice was a fantasy come true.

Images of what Doctor Love was about to do with his naughty school girl brought a smile to my face as I started to leave. 'Don't forget the note,' Maddisyn said handing it to me.

'Thank you, Miss,' I giggled.

I left by the passage door and made my way to Doctor Love's suite at the back of the building. The anticipation of fulfilling my fantasy was adding to the warm and moist sensation that was spreading down below. Finding the door open, I entered and shut it behind me.

Doctor Love was sitting at his desk and turned to meet my gaze. 'What can I do for you young lady?'

I froze with my mouth wide open and wide-eyed, drawn to the academic gown he was wearing over his suit. I was right! It was the Headmaster fantasy I'd dreamt about since Doctor Love proposed sexual therapy.

I felt my heart beginning to race again and butterflies took flight in my stomach as his gaze travelled slowly over my body with devouring eyes. My erect nipples painfully pressed against my bra and my pussy felt moist and swollen, wanting to be filled. What was unfolding was such a turn-on. Better than any personal self-pleasure.

'I was told to report to you,' I muttered, lost in my fantasy.

'Call me Sir or Headmaster when speaking to me,' he reprimanded, displaying the air of authority and position that had inspired the fantasy.

'Sorry Sir,' I answered, looking like an anxious little school girl.

'Didn't I speak with you recently about your uniform not complying with the school guidelines?' He asked in a tone matching his stern looking face.

I lowering my gaze. 'Yes Sir. I'm sorry Headmaster.'

'Come here girl,' he commanded with a beckoning finger.

I walked across the room and stood next to him as he sat at his desk. I felt excited and terrified at the same time and never so aroused with another man. Picking up a wooden pointing stick, he said he would remind me what the guidelines stipulated. He placed the pointer between my legs and indicated the position of my knee before sliding it up the inside thigh.

'The skirt should come to here,' Headmaster instructed pausing well below the hem of my skirt.

The pointer continued to slide up my leg. 'Your skirt is here,' pausing tantalisingly close to my pussy as my heart thumped wildly in my chest.

I took a shaky breath. 'Sorry Sir,' I gasped.

Headmaster placed the pointer in my cleavage. 'Far too many buttons undone. Only one is permitted,' he scolded.

I breathed in sharply as he ran the pointer over the opening of my blouse with my breasts heaving in my bra with every rapid breath. I again apologised and he chastised me for wearing a lacey bra and instructed me to wear plain cotton in future.

I handed him the note in an outstretched hand. 'I have something for you Headmaster,' I nervously mentioned.

He raised his eyes to mine after reading it. 'I see . . . I have a way of dealing with naughty girls like you,' Headmaster grinned wickedly.

The rush of adrenalin felt wonderful at hearing exactly the words the Headmaster said in my fantasy and I'd described to Doctor Love!

Headmaster stood up and ordered me to bent over his desk and spread my legs. I felt my school dress ride up my backside as my breasts pressed into the hard surface. My pussy throbbed and moistened in anticipation. Placing the wooden pointer between my legs, he tapped my inside thigh and instructed me to spread my legs wider.

'I thought so. Plain cotton briefs as well in future young lady!' He instructed firmly.

Headmaster's hand cupped the mound between my legs and discovered the dampness of my panties. His fingers caressed my pussy through the sodden fabric while scolding me for being such a naughty girl.

Headmaster lowered his face to my ear. 'You know what you need, don't you?' He whispered.

'I need some cock, Sir. Please give it to me Headmaster,' I begged with a trembling tone.

'So, you talk like a slut as well as dressing like one. You'll get more than that my naughty girl,' he growled, pulling my panties down over my backside until wedged mid-thigh.

I lay bent over with my eyes closed in anticipation and listening to the sounds of preparation, my legs spread and my pussy wet with need. I heard his trousers being unzipped and his belt unbuckled followed by the sound of them hitting the floor. I felt the touch of his hands on my hips and the warmth of his thighs and gasped as his cock parted my pussy lips.

'Ooh, thank you Sir,' I sighed as he smoothly slid his full length into the moist intimate flesh.

He set me in motion, rocking with his rhythm as his cock stroked in and out of my pussy. Each long, slow and deep thrust of his cock causing me to sigh and moan with pleasure. It felt so naughty and erotic bent over the Headmaster's desk, a school girl with my pussy full of cock.

'Ooh yeah, ooh yeah. I love that cock, Sir!' I loudly moaned.

Headmaster responded to my cries of pleasure. Tenderness was forgotten in the pursuit of a ravenous need. I cried out, half with the torturous pleasure and the pain of his forceful thrusts driving my breasts into the desk. My cries only making him more excited, thrusting feverishly with the wet sound of sex filling the room. Suddenly his thrusting stopped and he paused, holding on to my hips firmly and moaned loudly as he exploded inside me.

His cock withdrew and he stepping back. 'On your knees naughty girl,' Headmaster commanded.

I discarded my panties and dropped to my knees, not waiting for further instructions. Raising my eyes to Headmaster, I took his cock in my hand and licked it clean and sucked at the head getting as much cum as I could. Headmaster gripped the hair at the back of my head as I sucked and his hips began slowly rocking, thrusting his cock into my mouth. He sighed in appreciation as I tighten the grip of my lips. His sighs turned to moans as my teeth grazed his sensitive skin. I moaned around his cock enjoying the control over Headmaster's sexual pleasure.

I slid my mouth from his cock with a popping sound. 'I'm a very naughty school girl, aren't I Sir?' Grinning up a Headmaster.

'Certainly are! On my lap young lady,' he ordered.

He stumbled back and sat on the chair. I got up and placed a knee beside him and lifted the other over his lap to straddled his hips. Putting a hand on Headmaster's chest and leaning forward slightly, I lowered my pussy and guided his cock into my opening.

Our moans filled the room as we watched it disappear. He cupped my backside with both hands under my skirt as I started shimmying, my pussy thrusting up and down his erection with a fast rhythm to the tune of our cries of joy.

'I love what your fucking cock is doing to me, Sir,' I moaned through lust filled eyes.

Headmaster responded to my dirty talk by meeting my shimmying and thrusting into me. 'Talk like a slut and expect to be treated like one,' he gasped.

I was soon crying out with pleasure as his cock pounded my pussy. The more obscenities I moaned, the harder he thrust. He furiously stroked in and out like a well-tuned machine, lubricated with my moaning and begging to do wicked things to my tight school girl pussy. Suddenly he paused and held me tightly against his groin. A long and loud gluteal moan announced he was filling me with a second load of cum.

Headmaster slumped back in the chair, breathing heavily as I gazed at him. 'Make me cum, please Sir,' I begged, still impaled on his cock.

He lowered a hand to my clitoris and gently caressed my sensitive bud with his finger and thumb causing sighs and moans with the sensation. Then strumming across the aroused peak, I wriggled and squirmed as I felt an orgasm building. Suddenly I flung my head back with eyes closed and mouth wide open, gasping for air with my whole-body convulsing as I climaxed.

'I'm cuming. I'm fucking cuming Sir,' I cried out until the last wave subsided.

Collapsing forward onto his chest and melting into his arms, I felt the thumping of his heart and loved the feeling of his body against mine. I opened my eyes to see Headmaster's contented smile and the enormity of what had happened begun to sink in.

Doctor Love and Maddisyn had arranged the three school girl fantasies I described in our last session. I'd just had professional sex with my new doctor. I knew what I was doing and it was wonderful. The inappropriateness making the fantasies even more erotic. It was the most amazing sex and I'd do it again in a heartbeat. I was regretting that I hadn't described longer fantasies!

'Has that satisfied your need young lady?' Headmaster said a little sternly as I go off his lap.

I ceased the opportunity for the fantasy to continue. 'I'm still a bit horny, Sir.' I softly moaned with an innocent school girl pose.

I bit my lower lip with the thrill of not knowing how the fantasy would unfold now in the hands of the Headmaster. He slipped a hand under my skirt, cupping my backside and pulled me towards him.

'Ooh Headmaster!' I shrieked like an excited school girl.

His other hand went between my legs and teasingly made its way up a thigh. My legs parted in response to his hand gliding over my freshly shaven mound and into the wetness between my thighs.

'Lift your skirt for me naughty girl,' he commanded.

The shear anticipation of what was happening sent a shiver of excitement through my body and I felt my pussy weeping onto his hand. I lowered my hands and lifted the hem of my skirt to my waist. I lowered my eyes and watched as a finger slip inside me, then another and his thumb gently rubbed my sensitive nubs while he slowly thrust into me.

'So much better than my own fingers, Sir,' I softly moaned, the pleasure of his caressing hands and fingers reverberating through my entire body.

I could have surrendered my whole body for our pleasure. Lifting my eyes to Headmaster's face, I unbuttoned my blouse while holding his gaze and eased it out of the waistband of my skirt. I unclipped the catch on the front of my bra while he continued to finger my intimate flesh and finally peeled it open to release my breasts to his appreciative gaze.

I held his gaze and lifted my hands to tease my nipples with a single fingertip. 'Do you like my tits Headmaster?' I muttered in a lust filled haze.

'They're gorgeous,' he answered as his face moved forward as his fingers continued to delight me.

My throbbing nipples were begging for his touch. I whimpered as his lips sucked at the skin of a breast, teasingly moving towards a nipple. I moaned loudly as he finally took the hard-rosy nub into his mouth and swirled his tongue across its peak. He alternated between each nipple, licking, sucking and nipping while teasing the other with his spare hand as if not to leave it neglected. It was better than any well thought out fantasy.
