 Note: Though it is not stated in the actual text, this story is written about what *I* imagine to be an 18 year old senior and a first year teacher who can't be more than 4-6 years older than him.

*****

Part 1: Naughty Teacher Chooses her Pet

I stay at my desk as I watch your classmates file out of the room ahead of you. With all students facing away from me, I reach down and slip my panties off and stick them in my purse. I stand and adjust my skirt.

Just as you are about to exit the room behind everyone else, you glance back and I catch your eye. "Can you stay back and help me?" I ask, looking straight at you. "I'm in need of a bit of assistance."

You turn to come back into the room, but I hold up my hand to stop you. "Close the door," I say. And as you do, I softly add, "And lock it."

You swallow hard, but do as you are told... good boy.

"Come here," I purr softly, using my finger to draw you towards me. As you walk near, I unfasten the top buttons on my blouse. Your eyes are instantly drawn to my breasts. 

I smile as I practically read your thoughts. "Do you like my breasts?" I slip my hand under my blouse and start to caress them as I wait for your answer. I realize this gesture is causing a delay in your response, but I can't resist.

Finally, you stammer nervously, "Yes.. Miss Jenny, they... are... lovely."

"Would you like to touch them?" I ask sweetly, enjoying both that lump in your throat as well as the one I see growing in your trousers.

Confused, you stammer again, "Excuse me?"

I chuckle slightly. "Dear boy, what kind of teacher would I be if I didn't know each of my students' needs? I know exactly what you need and it's my job to see that you get it."

I reach out and take your right hand and bring it to my breast over my blouse. I close my eyes and sigh as I drag your large hand across each one, forcing you to massage one and then the other.

I open my eyes to find you staring in awe at my protruding nipples now straining against the fabric. Your breathing is heavy. I can see now that your cock is very hard. Satisfied by your response, I take each of your hands and slide them up underneath my silk blouse and place them on my bare breasts. I hear you wimper as you come in contact with my bare skin, almost as if you've been burned. But this is not a painful touch. Oh no, you definitely want this as much as I do.

With your hands massaging my breasts, my hands covering them to ensure you don't retreat, I bend towards you and whisper in your ear, "Do you want to fuck me?" 

Your hands freeze and I'm pretty sure a heart attack is imminent, but still I continue speaking into your ear as I lower my hand to cup your throbbing cock that is bulging in your pants. "Miss Jenny needs a teacher's pet. Someone I show special attention to... and give special rewards to. Would you like to be my pet?"

Speechless, you slowly nod your head.

"I need a verbal answer. Would you like to be my pet? My special student that gets to stay after class and help me out... in special ways...?"

Part 2: Grading Papers with the Teacher

Just twenty four hours ago, you agreed to be my teacher's pet. Now, I'm dismissing the class to go to lunch, but not you... Miss Jenny needs you to skip your lunch today. Oh don't worry, you'll get to eat though...

Once everyone is gone, I take you by the hand and lead you to my desk. "You have no idea how much I hate grading papers," I explain. "I'm going to need your assistance."

Eagerly you nod, "Okay Miss Jenny. Do I need a red pen?"

I can't help but laugh at your sweet innocence. "Oh, no, dear boy. I will grade the papers, but while I do, I need you to crawl under my desk." I pause, giving you time to form a mental picture, then I explain, "It is your LUNCH period... You'll find your lunch under my desk...specifically under my skirt."

Your eyes widen as you suddenly realize what I'm implying. Without further hesitation, you drop your bag beside my desk and fall to your knees. You can surely smell the sweet aroma as you crawl under the desk and I slide my chair up close to you. With a growing confidence, you move my panties to the side and I hear you inhale at the first sight of my smooth pussy. Not used to good grooming from these teenage sluts, I'm sure. 

As I begin to mark the papers, I feel your tongue run slowly between my soft lips. First you suck my lips into your mouth, then you begin to twirl your tongue in circles... The sensation is intense. I drop my pen and toss the papers. I reach for your hair, guiding you as I moan softly, letting you know you are doing well— and because I couldn't keep quiet if the principal were standing right beside my desk!

You bury your tongue deep into my cunt and savor the moment as I push myself at you—grinding my pussy on your chin. Your intensity is increasing—you are loving this!! You pull your tongue back and pinch my clit between your teeth then begin flicking your tongue back and forth with just the tip - steadily increasing the pace until you can go no faster.

At last, with both hands in your hair, I pull you firmly to me as I start to twitch and I feel my orgasm begin to ripple through my body. My juices pour forth and coat your chin. It's like a tsunami has just ripped through me! I ride out the rhythm —my body exploding!! 

At last I am able to form words. "Good Lord!! Well done!" I praise you as I slowly come down from my orgasm. With my legs trembling, my heart racing, and my fingers still woven into your hair, I tilt your head up towards me and I smile weakly. Then I bend forward and lick some juices from your chin. "I see I chose well. Yes, you are definitely the kind of pet I have been needing. I don't know the last time my pussy has been feasted on in such a way." Then I pause and carefully consider a possibility... "Dear boy... have you dreamed about eating your teacher's pussy?" Bashfully you admit, "Yes mam, almost every night."

This teacher could not be prouder. Oh Yes, I definitely made the right choice when I picked you over all the other boys in the school.

Finally, I decide we should celebrate this dream come true for you. "Pull my panties off completely," I instruct you. 

With no question or hesitation, you follow my command. Once my panties are off, you reach out to hand them to me but I shake my head and give you further instruction: "First, use them to wipe our combined juices from my pussy."

Obediently you start to wipe between my legs. Were it not that the class was due back soon, I could easily see this leading to round two—perhaps you would fuck me on my desk even. But any minute those bastards will invade this space, so I must force myself to be patient for now.

Once you've sufficiently cleaned my tingling pussy, you again extend the panties to me, but again, I shake my head. "Put them in your pocket," I instruct, "and throughout the day, as you change classes or when those bitchy high school girls try to talk to you...I want you to smell my cum soaked panties, and remember who owns you now."

Part 3: In the Teacher's Lounge with Her Pet

Shortly after you came up from under the desk, the other students returned and it was time to switch classes. I thought once you were gone, I'd be able to get my desires under control. Afterall, that was the purpose of our encounter - to ease the ache. But to my surprise you are making it worse!

I was writing on the chalkboard and teaching my 5th period Physics class about Mars, and I suddenly felt like I was on Mars - so far away from my sexy young pet. I couldn't take it any longer. There is no way I could last. I gave the class an assignment to work on and assigned a room monitor, then snuck down the hall to the teacher's lounge. Once there, I called your teacher and explained that you had left something very important in my room - that you must come right now.

Fortunately the lounge was only a few doors down from where your class was. I stood and waited just inside the door. As you were about to walk by, I reached out and grabbed your arm to pull you into the room, catching you completely off guard.

"Miss Jenny?" you ask, perplexed. "I was on the way to your room. I was told I left something important there."

I smile seductively, and draw you to the sofa - taking time to lock the door first, of course. "Oh yes, you left something VERY important in my room..." 

We sit down side by side with our legs touching. I begin running my hand up your thigh as I further explain... "You left your sexy teacher with no panties... in a very, very horny state." I pretend to pout. "Now, that's not very polite of you. My good boy needs to have good manners. And he should never leave me aching."

My hand continues its assent towards your zipper, noting the growing bulge within your pants. Your look both nervous and excited. I know you won't deny me, but I ask permission anyway as my fingers pause just before lowering the zipper - making sure that my palm rests on your bulge as I ask, "May I?"

You swallow hard and I can feel you heart rate quicken. And of course you nod. As I lower the zipper and free your cock, I give a victorious smile. Impressive. Much larger than I expected. Fully erect already - and what a beautiful head!! Finally, I verbally acknowledge what I've discovered, "Oh yes, I think you have exactly what I need to take care of this ache and many more to come."

I apologize in advance for the rush: "I'm sorry we don't have much time, pet. It won't always be so rushed. One day, I'm going to take my time and love on your cock properly with my mouth, but for now, I just need you to fuck me hard and fast. Can you do that?"

Slowly you nod and I can see your excitement building as you whimper, "Yes, Miss Jenny."

You stand and say, "Turn around Miss Jenny. I am going to take you from behind as we don't have much time..."

I do as you say and I place my hands on the sofa as you roll my skirt up over my ass. With no warning at all, I suddenly feel your hard cock thrust into my moist pussy for the first time. My lips spread over the tip of your cock and I grip your shaft as you slide in all the way... I feel dizzy with excitement and lust. The smell of sex is permeating the room.

"Is this what you needed, Miss Jenny?" you grit out. "...for me to fuck you hard and deep with my thick cock?" You continue to driving into my tight wet cunt without pause.

"Yes!" I manage to say. "Don't stop!" Don't ever stop!!

You reach your right hand around and begin rubbing my clit back and forth as you pump into me with long deliberate strokes. Between your finger caressing my clit and your thick cock pumping into my pussy I can feel myself getting close to the edge in no time. I moan softly, and bite my lip trying to contain my pleasure but I know I can't hold back... Suddenly I arch my back and push back to meet you as my orgasm takes hold of me... My pussy convulses and tightens around your cock and grips firmly on the head with each backstroke which sends you over the edge as well. Your balls tighten as your warm seed explodes inside me, filling me with your hot creamy load. You lean into me after your final release and press your mouth to my ear, whispering, "Fuck, Miss Jenny. Your pussy is so tight... Can we do this again?"

Part 4: Going for a Ride

I smile to myself as I'm walking to the parking lot at the end of the day. What an amazing day I had: I've had my breasts felt up, my pussy eaten out, and I've been fucked in the teachers' lounge, all by my hot young pet. And this is only the first of many days.

Suddenly I stop dead in my tracks at the site before me. What the hell? In the student lot, adjacent to the faculty lot, I see you standing by your car and the head cheerleader is next to you, holding onto your arm and giggling. I see red!! I'm overtaken by a fit of jealousy I've never known. I won't stand for this!

I disguise my anger with the sweetest smile I can fake. "Oh, hi! I'm glad to see a familiar face," I say to you as I approach you and the bitch. "It seems I've lost my keys. Would you be a dear and give me a ride to my house?"

The slut shoots daggers at me with her eyes. What? Did I mess up her plans? As if I care!

As she finally removes her hand from you and walks away, you turn to me and smile while you open the door for me. "Yes, Miss Jenny, I'd be happy to give you a ride."

Hmm, I can't be sure, but I think I may have detected a bit of naughty in your tone... I like it.

We each get into the car and you exit the parking lot. Once on the highway, you turn to me and ask, "So where do you live, Miss Jenny?" 

I smile mischievously and say, "Just keep going straight, I'll let you know when to turn." Like a good boy, you do as you're told and ask no more questions. 

We drive for about five minutes in total silence. Considering the day we've had, I'm surprised you have not taken your eyes from the road. I place my hand onto your thigh and lightly rub. As expected, your trousers instantly tighten and I hear you swallow. I laugh lightly. "Were you waiting for me to touch you?"

Without hesitation, you shyly admit, "I was hoping."

With that, my hand slides further in and is no longer resting on your thigh, but on the growing bulge in your pants. "Mmmmmm," I purr... "I love that your cock gets so hard for Miss Jenny." 

As I gently stroke through the denim I slide a little closer to you so that I'm now whispering in your ear. "So tell me, does anyone else make your cock this hard, this fast?" As I finish my question, I let my tongue slip out to touch your ear. I notice it produces an instant chill.

You take your eyes from the road for just a moment and look at me as you answer, "No mam. Just you."

Not good enough. Perhaps it's the teacher in me, but I want to hear a concise answer, so I direct you, "Give me a complete sentence. So I can be sure what you mean." 

My hand is still rubbing your cock as you speak. Your voice is slightly strained as you comply: "No one makes my cock as hard as fast as you do, Miss Jenny."

Well pleased, I offer you a sweet smile and suggest, "Would you like for me to release your cock? It must be getting quite uncomfortable..."

Again, you swallow hard but nod eagerly. "Yes, Miss Jenny, I would like that."

With no further delay, I reach down and unfasten your pants and slide your zipper down. Your cock immediately springs forth. I rub my finger across the tip and catch a drop of pre-cum that has seeped out. I lick my finger and taste. "Yumm... so sweet for a naughty boy..."

Your eyes are back on the road as traffic is hectic this time of day, but you smile, letting me know I still have your attention.

My hand returns to your cock and I gently cup your balls, giving them a loving massage. They are swollen, just like your cock. Oh, I know you are going to have a treat for me soon!!

We eventually come to a red light. With my hand now slowly stroking the length of your cock, I instruct you to slide your seat back a little. Like a good boy, you once again do as you are told. I continue to stroke up, down, up, down as we sit at the red light.

Just as the light turns green and you start to accelerate, your phone rings. I pause my movement and ask, "Are you going to answer that?" You look at the caller ID and shake your head, breathing heavily, "No, it's my mom." Pretending to be disappointed, I admonish, "You should always answer the phone when your mom calls. Take the call."

Even though I see the hesitation, you can't say no to Miss Jenny, so you answer the phone. Just as I hear her start to speak on the other end, I lower my head and capture your cock in my mouth, beginning to suck greedily on the head while rubbing your shaft and balls with my hand. I notice the car jerk and I hear you moan. But I smile to myself knowing that you will later look back fondly at this naughty memory of having your teacher suck your cock while you're driving down the highway talking to your mom - trying to act like nothing is out of the ordinary.

My pussy instantly moistens as the naughty thought hits home with me as well. This is wrong on so many levels, which is what makes it so hot.

I continue my stroking and sucking (and torturing) as I hear you say to your mum, trying hastily to get off the phone, "Okay, got it. I'll get milk on the way home. I have to go now."

You end the call and throw the phone into the back seat. You cover my head with your hand and force my mouth lower so that I am now deep-throating you. "Miss Jenny, that wasn't nice of you." But I recognize the teasing tone in your voice, and I know you loved it.

As I start to gag, you remove your hand and I raise up just in time to see that we are approaching a dirt road that leads to nowhere. "Get ready to turn," I say to you. 

You frown. "Are you sure? There are no houses down that road... That's just fields and some old barns..." 

"I'm sure," I say, sitting up and wiping saliva from my mouth. "Because there is no way you can fuck me while we're driving down this highway. We need to pull over fast."

With no further arguments, you turn down the road and park on the far side of a dilapidated barn. You put the car in park and turn off the engine.

You reach for the door handle, but before you can open it, I have spun myself on top of you so that I am straddling you—good thing the seat was already pushed back! You realize instantly that we are not getting out of the car. Not because I'm afraid of being seen but because I don't have a second to waste. I need your cock inside me NOW! 

With one swift motion, I insert your saliva covered cock into my soaking wet pussy. You glide in so easily as if you have been diving into my pussy for years - perhaps for years to come, I think...

With your cock inside me, I'm eager to move but first, I reach down and pull my blouse apart — buttons fly everywhere, but it needs to go! I toss the blouse aside and slide my bra above my breasts - no time to remove it. "I want you to suck my breasts while I fuck you," I explain. "Can you do that for Miss Jenny?" I ask rhetorically.

You smile and nod as your head descends to my breast. "Yes Miss Jenny, whatever you want. I can't say no to you." 

As you begin to suck and knead my breasts, I begin to slowly ride your cock. Moaning as I adjust to the width and depth of your thick, hard cock. "Oh God," I say as I go up... And as I go back down, "You fill my tight pussy so well." Back up again, "MMMmmmm, it's like you were" ...back down again, "meant to be inside my pussy." 

As I continue to grind on your cock slowly, you are eagerly loving on my breasts. You are doing your own bit of confessions in between sucking on each nipple and kissing on each breast: "Miss Jenny, you drive me insane. I want you so bad. I can't stop thinking about you all day. I've wanted to fuck you for so long."

I reach down and pull your face away from my breasts and bring your lips to mine. Now our mouths are grinding on one another in a kiss that's passionate and aggressive and full of hot sex. Our tongues are intertwined as we delight in the taste of one another. Our heads move from side to side as if we are trying to get just a little closer and can't quite manage. All the while, I'm still continuing to slide my pussy up and down over your cock.

"Fuck me!" I finally say as I pull away from your lips just far enough to say the words. "Fuck me hard and fast as if this is the last time you will ever be inside me!"

You reach down and put your hands on my ass, where you begin to lift and lower me over and over at such a rapid pace I feel certain if your hand were to slip I'd fly through the roof. But there's no chance of you letting go. No, you are holding tight to what you now must surely know is yours. 

While you continue your pounding, I reach around and begin to flick my clit just a little. Your cock is already rubbing against it at this angle and my fingers are barely necessary, but a little extra sensation can only make my impending orgasm even better. I smile at the thought, knowing I'm about to get my release. Just as the thought comes to mind, I feel your cock tense inside me and I know I'm not going alone. "Miss Jenny, I want us to cum together," you say breathlessly. " Will you cum for me now, Miss Jenny?" I can't speak, so I nod just once then toss my head back and suddenly we do indeed cum together. Your cock shoots cum deep inside my pussy. I'm milking it for every drop. Over and over, my pussy contracts drawing it out of you; staking a claim on you.
