 We're driving along the beach road in Hawaii Kai, my car swerving a bit as I watch you spread your legs to expose your dripping sweet cunt. You suggestively slide a finger into your mouth, between full lips with shiny gloss on it the exact color as your nether lips. I can only imagine the scene you caused in the department store trying that on and checking for a match.

As if the finger between your lips isn't enough to distract me into possibly bending some sheet metal around highly immovable objects, you start to fondle the gearshift lever with your other hand, sliding your hand up and down the shaft throbbing from the engine's vibration.

"I think you should pull over here at Sandy Beach," you murmur, your lovely wicked eyes daring me.

I eye all the people in the parking lot in broad daylight, then look at you. It's not a hard choice, though something hard is definitely involved here. I pull off the road into the parking lot, then turn left off the pavement. The car jounces over low rocks, and I hear a metallic clang that might call for a new oil pan, but we're putting space between us and possible spectators. Not that you would mind that -- you're quite the exhibitionist -- but I'm don't relish having to try and talk myself out of a misdemeanor citation from a hard-eyed cop. Again. You're not just a bad girl, you're a serial bad girl. And I love it.

The tires crunch to a halt on sand and loose rocks. I slide the sunroof open and roll the windows down to get some air in the car. An airplane hums overhead, and I wonder if they can see us through the sunroof. Or maybe we will show up on GoogleEarth in a few weeks.

You've already lowered your seatback all the way down so it's flat against the back seat. I do the same, and now our bodies are out of sight of onlookers, below the waistline of the car. Speaking of waistlines, you've got your oh-so-innocent plaid Catholic schoolgirl skirt bunched up, revealing your sexy, softly rounded belly. You gaze at me with those lovely eyes and pout your lips, so I lean over the drivetrain hump between us, thinking of some other kind of hump, or rather humping, and tease you with a gentle peck on those faux labia. Your tongue pokes out and runs all over my lips. I feel a jolt of electricity as our tongues touch.

I slide a hand over your round sexy breasts, teasing the nipples into hardness, then continue exploring downward to your shaven wet cunt. I slide a finger in and out, matching the rhythm of my tongue fucking in and out of your hot mouth and sliding over your tongue, while my free hand slowly unbuttons the regulation white dress shirt that completes the plaid Catholic schoolgirl outfit you bought somewhere -- or maybe stole, just for the hell of it, just to be deliciously bad.

It takes no time to remove your bra -- literally no time, since you didn't bother wearing a bra or panties, to facilitate easy access. I reluctantly part my tongue from your sweet mouth and start planting kisses down your cheek and then your neck while you sigh with pleasure. You moan as my lips find your nipple and my tongue starts circling it, silently promising what I intend to do to your clit. The nipple gets hard as you continue to moan, and then I kiss my way across to the far breast. It's a bit awkward with the drivetrain tunnel pressed against my chest as I lean over, but your hands are sliding through my hair and gently tugging it, and I'm certainly not about to stop.

After your other nipple is hard with passion, you press down on my head, and I take the hint and kiss my way down your belly and along your thighs, teasing you by kissing all around your dripping wet cunt without actually touching it. Finally you can take no more. You grab my hair and force me onto your cunt. I inhale your lovely musky scent and start lapping, tracing the alphabet over your clit and labia. By the time I get to "O", you're getting close to your own O too, thrashing and pressing your shaven cunt into my face while I finger fuck you with one finger and slide another moistened finger down to your puckered hole, tracing an O around that rim too. I start rapidly flicking your clit with my tongue while I plunge a finger deep into your cunt, all the way to the knuckle, circle a nipple with my free hand, and gently start to press a finger into your ass.

You cum then, moaning and jamming my head into your bucking, musky crotch. "Ooooh," you sigh, your voice tight from trying not to attract too much attention to our car. I keep licking, though it's tricky keeping my tongue on your clit as your hips thrust your wetness at me.

It's over, at least for now.

"Mmmmm," you say. "That was so hot."

My cock, which softened as I concentrated on pleasuring you, is starting to throb and harden again from the excitement of giving you such ecstasy, and from the saucy scent of your lovely crotch. I kiss my way back up your waist, between the valley of your breasts, and then let you taste your cunt juice as our tongues leisurely slide together in the aftermath of your orgasm. I gaze into your lovely eyes, and then feel your hand sliding down, down toward my stiffening prick leaking precum, wanting your sweet lips to close around the eager head and your tongue to flick it into full hardness ...