 I have always been a sucker for a woman with a quick wit and who had no trouble holding a conversation. Amanda had all of that, plus the cutest set of dimples ever placed on a thirty year old. She was very short, maybe 5 foot 2 and a bit overweight but carried it very well. A nice pair of breasts and a bubbly butt that even looked good in her uniform. She had a very sexual way of walking with her shoulders back, breasts out, stepping only on her toes making her butt bounce. Looking back, it was actually unfair.

This occurred a couple of years ago. I reported on board about a year before she was due to transfer.

Duty in the Navy is by far the worst part of your sea rotation because the ship has to be manned 24/7 in case of emergencies. So, we split this responsibility up depending on the size of the crew, anywhere from 3 to 8 sections. For most ships our size at the time, duty was every six days. That meant that every six days we had to spend one hanging out on the ship, in case something catastrophic happened, most of the time though nothing occurred. 

Since Amanda and I were in the same section we got to know each other fairly quickly. This was compounded when I was assigned the same maintenance supervisor watch as her. I guess you could say I was going to become her understudy. She was due to transfer in less than a year and our section leader wanted someone in place that could take over, qualified to fill in her vacancy (ha, see what I did there). The job itself wasn't hard but the amount of information that you were required to know on the various pieces of machinery and systems made it challenging. On average it took around 6 months to qualify. 

We meshed pretty well.

Being the same age, we shared the same views about what was important and what stupid shit could easily be ignored. We spent ten hours a day together on duty and quickly became comfortable with each other. She enjoyed hiking, drinking, running and hitting the beach. She maintained silly girl tendencies and I had sports, but other than that we could talk about almost anything. We became friends pretty quickly and hung out a few times outside of work but always in a larger group. I had a pretty good feeling we would hook up sooner or later. I just didn't think it would be on board the ship, which was an incredibly bad idea for obvious reasons. 

It started out like any other day, routine equipment checks and daily maintenance tracking. It was Friday so things were scheduled to start slowing down after lunch with everyone getting ready for the weekend. Everything was going normal until about 10 when I stuck my foot in my mouth. 

I forget what specifically we were talking about but, "You're not fucking worthy" is what I told her. 

"You're not worthy of fucking" is what it sounded like due to an emphasis on the word 'fucking'.

Conversation completely stopped and I knew it sounded bad as soon as I said it. The office was empty and the silence was deafening. Immediately there was a tension in the air that was unmistakable with me sitting across the room from where she was standing. We just stared at each other for a while, me repeating the word shit over and over again in my head. 

"What did you say?" she asked tilting her head a bit as she spoke. 

"You're not worthy," I tried to play it off.

"No...No...No," she smirked, "You know what you said." 

She took a couple of steps towards me and my throat suddenly felt very dry. 

"You don't think I'm worthy of fucking? You wouldn't fuck me?"

"Amanda, you know that's not what I meant." 

Thoughts of sexual harassment charges began flooding my mind. I could see myself in my dress uniform standing at attention trying to explain myself to the skipper. 

She continued to walk forward and leaned against the desk close to the chair I was sitting in. I rolled back about a foot to gain a little distance. She folded her arms under her breasts and flashed a dimple at me. 

I paused, trying to gauge what kind of trouble I had stumbled into. 

"I'm sorry if I offended you but I promise that is not what I meant."

"You didn't offend me at all." She smiled before continuing, "I just want to know who made you the expert on my FUCK-ability." Her tone and posture put me at ease a little. 

When I caught her quickly glance at my crouch, I knew I was in the clear. 

Navy chicks, got to love them.

I smiled and put my hands behind my head, leaning back in my chair. We stared at each other for a moment in silence until we heard the door latch release and two junior Sailors barged in with a request to begin maintenance. 

The rest of the morning continued in pretty much a professional manner, business as usual. We alternated lunch breaks and were back in the normal routine soon after one. Most of the technicians started to wrap up their work and the ship population noticeably began to shrink. 

After a while I found myself sitting in the same chair as before with Amanda across the room. 

She was restocking some manuals on a shelf and I was sure she was trying to stick out her ass on purpose. She turned her head to see if I was looking. I flashed my own goofy smile but made no attempt to hide my gaze. 

She smiled back and asked, "What are you looking at?"

"Nothing much. Just doing some thinking"

"Yeah right, I bet I know exactly what you were thinking pervert." She turned back around and continued putting back the reference manuals.

"Hey, since when did I get to pervert status?" I turned up my hands and shrugged to feign hurt feelings. 

"When you started talking about who and who is not worthy of your tiny tool."

"First, I already told you that was not what I meant," I said again honestly. "Second, my tool is only tiny when being held by a woman with gigantic hands."

"Pervert," she said. I couldn't help but look at how small her hands were. She did too. 

"My hands aren't that big," she stated. She looked back at me with an odd smile.

"I didn't say anything." I laughed, secretly thinking about how my cock would look being held in her tiny hands. 

She put away the last manual and came over to my side of the room and right out of the blue, with her hand out, stated, "I bet it would still be tiny in my hand too. A tiny dick is a tiny dick. No way around that. Sorry my friend."

Great minds think alike. 

She just stood there, staring down at me and smiling.

I stared right back at her. 

"Is that some kind of challenge"

She just shrugged.

"Here?" I asked. "You want to see it now?"

She just shrugged again.

I was thinking about it but couldn't mentally justify the risk. It was tempting but even with most people gone for the day and the door closed, anyone could still walk right in. The idea did however, cause a good deal of blood to rush down to my dick. 

I started to get hard. 

"How about just the outline?" I asked as I spread my legs. 

I waited a minute for a hint the I might have I crossed the line and when none came, I rubbed my dick a few times through my trousers. I molded the outline of my swollen member a little and when I was done there was a noticeable impression of my cock though my uniform, with the benefit of added girth due to the thick camouflage material. 

She looked down.

I knew I had her when her breathing increased and she bit her bottom lip. She stared at it for a while and I smiled. My hands once again went to the back of my head , fingers interlocked as I leaned back cockily. 

"Not that big." She stated as she looked up, doing a poor job of hiding her arousal. 

"Big enough," I countered "and far from tiny."

"I guess." She tried to act nonchalant about it but she looked flustered and a bit red in the face. 

The telephone rang, interrupting the situation from progressing and she answered it. I logged on to the computer and did my best to busy myself. 

I think that it's safe to say we were both highly aroused and the rest of the afternoon was filled with sexual tension. We made every effort for the remainder of the watch to stay in close proximity to one another. We were bumping into and rubbing up against each other all afternoon. At one point she leaned over me to grab something off the desk and put her breasts unnecessarily but appreciatively close to my face. Later, I even went as far as to come up behind her while she was standing up reviewing a report to read over her shoulder, placing my hand on her hip and rubbing my crotch against her ass as we read. 

The only scolding I received was a whispered, "settle down" as she turned her head to the side looking up at me. It was incredibly sexual and required a great deal of restraint not to strip her naked and bend her over the desk right then and there. 

Our watch was over when we were relieved at dinnertime and after I said I would see her around she asked if that was a promise. I joked that it was a date and we went off on our own. 

I was thinking about something we could do over the weekend or a manufactured reason I could use to run into her accidentally on purpose. I was curious were this could lead. 

Actually, I knew were it could lead. I just wanted to do my best to facilitate the desired outcome. Apparently she didn't want to wait that long. 

It was a little after 8 when the phone to my space rang and I turned down the TV to answer. 

It was Amanda. 

"Hey, I thought you were going to come down here tonight?" 

"Um," I stalled, torn between big head logic and little head adventure. 

"Just come down. There is something I want to show you." 

Sold!!

I was out of there so fast I'm sure the office chair was still spinning around before I even reached her shop. 

Amanda worked out of a secure space with an electronic lock and no one else in our section had the combo. Privacy wasn't going to be an issue. I knew before I got there that there would be trouble, hopefully for both of us only the good kind. 

I rang the buzzer and immediately the lock released. I walked in and saw her sitting at the desk with her feet kicked up watching TV. 

"What's up?" I asked.

"Nothing," She responded trying to be cute, not even bothering to look my way.

I just stood there like an idiot.

"You wanted to show me something," I asked after a while.

"No I didn't." 

She kept watching TV.

"Yes you did. You said so on the phone."

"No, you misunderstood me." She slowly turned, evil genius style and put her feet on the floor. "I wanted YOU to show ME something."

My mouth instantly went dry as she stared right at me. 

"You're joking. Here? What if we get caught."

"No one's here."

"What about the risk?" I asked.

"It makes it better. Besides, we're not going to do anything you pervert. I just want to see it."

I stared right at her, trying to decide how serious she was. I looked at the door and then back to her. She exhaled and rolled her chair around the corner behind some equipment cabinets, and beckoned me with a finger. 

Of course I followed like a well trained puppy. 

"Any more excuses?"

"You're fucking crazy." I still wasn't sure if I wanted to risk it or not and hesitated until she put out her hand. 

"I want to see what it looks like in my tiny hand."

Bingo, challenge accepted. It's like she knew exactly how guys complex minds operate. I told you already it was actually unfair. 

"How do I know you won't run out screaming sexual harassment if I whip it out?" I was stalling trying to obtain a slight chub for effect. It wasn't easy being put on the spot. I found inspiration by thinking about where this was headed.

"All I can do is offer my word I guess." 

I smiled when I found my angle. "Not good enough." 

I unbuttoned my pants and loosened my belt watching for the slightest hint she wasn't serious. I didn't see any indication so I slowly unzipped my fly. 

"If you want to see it then you're going to have to take it out yourself."

She half smiled and slid her chair a little closer. I looked right into her eyes and inhaled as she reached into my pants. Her hand slipped into my underwear and she grabbed my cock. She inhaled and her eyes dilated slightly as she wrapped cold fingers around my dick. 

I knew right then we'd be fucking eventually if not tonight. 

She paused like that for a moment before finishing the job and exposing my dick. I was only half hard but easily filled her hand. She looked down and kind of just gawked at it for a while. She was breathing noticeably harder and my dick started to swell even more. 

"Not that big," she lied. 

"Big enough," I repeated from earlier. 

"Well, far from tiny I guess." I smiled at her quick wit. 

She slowly started to move her hand back and forth underneath it, still not taking her eyes off it. After a while she turned her hand at the wrist and began giving me a slow hand job. I couldn't help it and let out an audible groan and when she looked up and smiled, dimples and all. I was in heaven. I thought it couldn't' get better until she slowly leaned forward and opened her mouth. 

My breathing stopped when she took the head of my cock and slowly wrapped her lips around it. Her moist mouth was an extreme contrast to her cold shop.

It was a wonderful feeling. 

I could feel her tongue on the sensitive underside and the pleasure only increased as she took in more and more. She was quite practiced at the art of the blow job and was not shy at all when displaying her talents. Before long she had her nose nestled up to my stomach and she was making those wonderful slurping noises of someone who's truly a master of their brain game craft. 

I was in heaven. She backed out to catch her breath and licked the entire length again. She looked up at me for a moment and I got a sense from the look in her eyes that this was going to progress a lot further. 

The assault on my member continued for a few more moments when she backed off and stood up. She looked up at me and I stared down at her. It took only a second for us to come to a silent agreement to throw caution to the wind. 

Zero fucks were given, as the saying goes and we collided into one another in a wild embrace. Our mouths met and we were shedding each others clothes as fast as possible. 

Her blouse was off first and I pushed her shirt up over her large breasts, exposing her teal bra underneath. That was the next article to go as I reached around to unsnap it. It was unceremoniously cast aside as I feasted on her tits - first with my eyes and then with my mouth and hands. Her nipples were small and pointed out excitedly. She ran her fingers through my hair and encouraged my assault on her breasts with moans of pleasure. 

I moved my hands down to squeeze her ass and then started removing her belt and pants. I released her right nipple from between my lips and kissed my way up to her neck. 

Her pants were undone by then and ready to be removed. 

She was only a foot away from the office desk so as slid her trousers down a moved her back to let her sit down on it. I got down on my knees looking directly into her eyes. I knew exactly what she wanted and slowly spread her legs. Her pussy was trimmed nicely and I knew I was going to enjoy this as much as she was. I kissed the inside on one leg and then the other. I could smell her arousal as I neared her pussy and my first lick between those beautiful lips was exquisite. I took my time licking everywhere except her clit for a while but made my move when I felt her hand reach up to the back of my head and she started running her fingers through my hair. 

There are few better feelings in the world than bringing pleasure like that to a gorgeous woman. 

Her incredibly loud orgasm brought me back to reality and I remembered exactly how compromising our situation was. 

I could have eaten her out for a lot longer but felt the urge to move things along. I stood up and smiled at Amanda, relishing how sexy she looked post orgasm with her body on display and still breathing heavily. 

I pulled her to her feet and spun her around. I started to kiss her neck and she responded by moaning some more. I put slight pressure on one shoulder and she bent at the waist, placing her hands on the desk. I had a wonderful view of her ass and stepped up behind her. I pulled my own trousers down to my ankles and grabbed my dick. She lowered her head slightly as I placed my cock at the entrance to her pussy. 

She moaned loudly as I slowly slid it in. She was so wet I slid in with only slight resistance. 

"Yes!" She exhaled.

I was only about halfway in so I slowly back out until only my head remained inside. Then I reversed directions and started to insert more and more of myself inside of her. 

"OH MY GOD!!" she exclaimed when I bottomed out, "that feels so fucking good!"

I backed out slowly about halfway again and then back in. I built a nice, steady rhythm, increasing in both force and speed gradually. She was getting progressively louder as well. I reached around her and toyed with her clit causing her to shout in response. I used my other hand to cover her mouth and pulled her up to a standing position with her back arched. She started to thrust herself back against me and moaned loudly into my hand. I let her dictate the pace as I slowly toyed with her little button. 

She started to tremble and let out a few deep moans with my hand still covering her mouth. As her orgasm subsided I pulled my cock from her pussy and sat down on the floor. It was cold but at that moment I really didn't mind. I pulled her down with me. 

She straddled my waist and slowly lowered herself down onto my dick. She leaned down and we started passionately making out again. 

She met my thrusts as we found an enjoyable rhythm.

"Oh fuck that feels so good," she whispered in my ear. "I've been thinking about this all day long."

"Me too," was the best I could come up. 

At that moment I could only concentrate on the fact that this incredibly wonderful, beautiful, naked woman was letting me fuck her in her shop, on the ship. In all honesty, I don't think I would have stopped fucking her if my CO where to walk right into the space with us. The pleasure only increased when she leaned up and started riding me. 

I was in heaven. To this day, it is the most fun I have ever had stuck on the ship on duty. 

We stayed like that for a while before I felt my balls start to tighten and I knew I needed to changes positions. I sat up and put one arm around her waist. I then leaned over to the opposite side and we both rolled over, this time with me on top. I hooked one arm under a leg for a few minutes pounding into her for all I was worth. Soon I had both knees up around face. I built a very good rhythm again and before I knew it she was screaming herself to another orgasm. In that position I couldn't cover her mouth with my hand and I had no intention of slowing down or denying her an incredible orgasm. Her fingers were digging into my ass checks and her breasts were bouncing around. 

I guess to say I was having fun would be an understatement. 

Her pussy felt wonderful and by this point I felt that familiar felling in my balls again. I pulled out at the last minute and my first rope of cum landed on her right tit with the rest being deposited on her stomach. 

I sat back, bare-assed on the cold floor and she just laid there. We were both out of breathe. 

The sight of a freshly fucked woman never ceases to amaze me and this specimen was no different. I kind of just sat there for awhile until she spoke.

"That was wonderful," she said. She rolled over facing me and blew me away by saying, "next time you can finish in my mouth. I think you earned it." 

Navy girls, god I love them.

"There's rags in a bin behind the switchboard," she continued, "will you grab me one please?" 
