 We've been married for 20 years and decided to go on a second honeymoon to celebrate. We live an active lifestyle both Jim and I love our health club and keep ourselves in great shape. We both get more than our share of attention. We've finally reached the point in our lives where we're free to do most anything we want. This lovely vacation was exactly what we both needed.

This was our second honeymoon and we didn't waste any time. The very first night we decided to move the couch onto the balcony. After a few drinks Jim and I started fooling around. One thing lead to another and Jim had me lay naked for all to see, while he fucked me. I've never done that before. I felt so naughty. Turns out being an exhibitionist has uncovered some deep erotic fantasies I had buried deep inside me. The very next night I surprised Jim by slowly removing my clothes while I stood on the balcony. When I asked if you wanted me to stop, you returned a smile and an approving nod. I kept going till all I had on was my lacy bra and my sexiest stiletto heels. Sure you're okay with this honey? 

That approving nod never wavered so I teasingly said, "you know other guys are watching". I was enjoying every step as I boldly paraded back and forth. "It's okay honey. After all, I still have my clothes on. Well, some of them, anyhow" I said with a chuckle and an evil grin. Much to my delight you walked up to me, turned me toward the railing and slowly removed my bra. It took only a few seconds for my nervousness to turn to complete exhilaration. My nipples, grew so hard as you proudly presented my body to my admirers. I had placed some love lube on the table and begged you to fuck me in the ass. I bent over as you slid your well lubed cock inside me. You took your lubed up finger and stimulated my clit as you firmly drove your cock deep in my ass. Baby I've been wanting you to do that for years. You didn't disappoint. Did you know you're the first man that's ever cum in my ass? Best orgasm I've ever had.

A couple days later you said to me "Michelle, I love it when you get a little drunk and act like a naughty hotwife".

Hotwife? Does he know what he's saying? I was so horny I just had to push it further and find out for sure. I finished my drink, slipped on a sexy see thru nighty and strutted around on our balcony like a supermodel on the cat walk. I started a sexy little dance and said in a whisper. I'm a naughty girl.

With each drink I got louder and louder. Each time a little naughtier than before.

I'm a naughty girl and I love cock, Oh Baby, I'm your hotwife and I love cock". I checked your reaction and was delighted to see you smile and nod approvingly, so I just kept indulging myself in erotic fantasy. I loudly called out "I love cock, I love other men's cocks" I moaned. What did I just say? In a panic I quickly looked toward you to gage your reaction. My heart was pounding. You just gave me that evil grin and I proceeded to poured myself all over your body.

This is our last night and I know you wanted to save yourself for later, but I just couldn't help myself, so I laid on my back and had you slide your cock deep throat inside me. I've never done that before with any other guy. Oh baby, that was orgasmic. I could hear you straining to keep from cumming, but when I grabbed your ass and swirled my tongue around the head of your rock hard penis, you finally acquiesced, and shot your warm creamy load in my mouth. Another first for me but this was to be a night of firsts.

I drained every drop from that wonderful cock of yours.

You had tonight's outfit all laid out for me on the bed. More daring and sexy than I would have ever thought you'd allow. You said it's just the perfect outfit for a naughty like me. When I started putting on my underwear you convinced me to leave my bra and panties behind. There was really very little convincing required.

I continued to tease you. You picked out the perfect outfit for a hotwife like me. You know, I could pick up a lot of guys dressed like this. I teased. This is the last night of our trip. My libido has been raging out of control.

It was then I looked you straight in the eyes and said, I'm hitting the point of no return. I'm so ready to take this naughty wife thing to a new level if it's what you want me to do. You've been calling me your naughty all trip long, well I'd love to make that fantasy come true. Just give me a sign and you'll never regret it. If you do this for me I promise, I'll do anything you want. Anything.

Are you going to let me take the final step in this hotwife journey?

I was on pins and needles waiting for you to speak.

My handsome husband simply said "I've got one word for you YES YES YES. I just love my hot wife". That's all I needed to hear.

I grabbed your hand and quickly drug you off to dinner. Panties and bra left far behind. I'm not sure what was ahead but my libido was raging out of control, and my wonderful husband just told me he liked it. You told me you loved watching my breasts bounce in that skimpy tight-fitting dress. Every other man we ran across enjoyed it too.

All the time we were at the bar I made a point to give the men long and lingering peaks at my pussy when I crossed my legs. I was getting a lot of attention which helped raise my libido even higher. When you decided to head to the rest room, you bent over and gave me a sweet kiss. You put your hands around my waist, and gently pulled down on my dress. My breasts became even more exposed than before. You could barely see my nipples peeking out from my plunging neckline. I didn't think they could get any harder, but I guess I was wrong. I countered by placing my hands on my thighs, squirming in my chair I pulled upward on my dress, so the lacy tops of my nylon stockings were exposed. There was very little left to the imagination now. Another erotic rush flowed through my body. I was certainly looking the part of the naughty wife. That's for sure.

As soon as you left the table, this horny young man strolled up to speak to me. He said he couldn't keep his eyes off me. I asked him if he liked what he saw. He immediately responded, Yes, then slid his hand up my thigh high stockings. As we talked he moved his hand between my thighs. He was dangerously close to my unprotected pussy. The most erotic sensation shot through my body like a bolt of lightning. All I could say is, would you ever want to fuck me? Pretty sure my husband would love watching that.

We're going to the terrace by the pool. Why don't you come out in a little while and join us? He said. I'll definitely be there, as his finger brushed sensually along the length of my swollen pussy. What a turn on!

So Honey, here we are. I see him looking around the corner, what do you want me to do? You have one last chance to stop me but I really hope you don't. You gave me so many not so veiled hints. So what's it gonna be?

My body tingled as you simply replied. "Michelle, you're my naughty wife and you know what to do. Tonight, you can have anything you want. No consequences". 

"Okay handsome husband. You know I'm doing this all for you". I waived over my newly found, cock for the night, and told him to take off his clothes. I'm so glad you had me to wear these nylon stockings and stiletto heels, I said. In a couple seconds that's all I'll have on. Moment of truth. I'm taking off my dress, so this dude can have his way with me. With my skimpy dress tossed aside, all I had on were those nylon stockings and fuck me heels you convinced me to wear. "Honey, it's okay. I still have SOME of my clothes on", I said with an evil grin. You returned an approving nod and a smile so that's all the reassurance I needed.

I slid his cock in my mouth and proceeded to stroke and swirl my tough around his ever-hardening penis. It took almost no time for me to get his cock fully erect. I quickly put a condom on his throbbing penis and began riding his cock. Just look at that firm cock as it parts my wet pussy lips. Oh Baby, His cock feels so good inside me. I threw my head back and enjoyed a mind blowing orgasm. I've got his cock, balls deep into my wanton pussy. I'm thrusting my breasts in his face as I grind myself firmly on his rock-hard penis. My swollen nipples couldn't be more stimulated, as his lips gently sucked on them. Husband, this feels so good. Can't believe how turned on I've become. I could hear you from the background saying "Michelle, I love watching you cum, no consequences". I'm your hotwife and I'm doing this all for you.

This dude has made me come two or three times already. His firm cock feels so good inside my pussy. I never dreamed you'd let me have this fantasy, but there's absolutely no stopping me now. As I look up at you I can see, there's no way you want me to stop either.

Oh husband, I'm dripping wet. Your pretty wife is having another orgasm.

Yes, Oh baby, YES

Give it to me.

Oh, I want it now.

Yes.

Oops, he just came but I kept on riding him until his condom just about fell off. Guess I rode him a bit too hard. But damn, that was a fucking great orgasm!

I rolled off him and lay on my back, my breasts heaving with every breath. Thoughts guilt shot through my head, but Jim let no time go by before he passionately kissed me and let his hands roam all over my body. He told me I was the hottest wife on the island and he just loved watching me cum. With that Jim simply said "It's time for me to re-claim my pretty wife" with that he raised my leg till my knee was pressed against my shoulder. He thrust his cock deep inside my wet pussy which made my body shutter. Time stood still as he filled my pussy with cum. We shared our mutual affection for each other without saying a word about what had just transpired.

I've offered to share my husband with other woman. The though really turns me on but Jim is still on the fence. Fingers crossed he comes around to the idea. There's at least 2 or 3 women I'd love to see him fuck. We always have our fun when we're out of town. Jim always makes the arrangements and has never disappointed.