 The Push - Tactics Are Everything 

Author's note: "Necessity is the Mother of Obsession..." The full title wouldn't fit in 35 characters. This story arc is my first attempt in the Erotic Couplings genre. My other attempts all seem to have devolved into Romance. I suppose this could be, too. In any case, this is Part 3 of a 5-part story arc. Again, there is a lot of non-sexual moving the story forward at the beginning, then the more erotic stuff, including some erotic coupling, exhibitionist/voyeur and bi/lesbian. Please vote/comment. Consider it like applause. It's how I know whether I'm pleasing my audience. Enjoy... 

* * * * * 

Wednesday Early Morning 

"Five o'clock is obscene," Karen mumbled as she reached for the wakeup call. The phone was on her side of the bed. She picked it up and put it right back down. 

"Then you can go back to sleep, once we've got Lu on her way," John told her, nuzzling into her from behind and sending shivers through her body. Karen moaned. 

"Ohhh..." Karen moaned as she rolled over to face him. "But why waste it?" She felt down his gorgeous naked body until she found his rapidly swelling cock. "Such a delightful way to wake up." 

"If I didn't have to piss so bad," he told her, starting to struggle out from under the covers. 

"I'd join you, but I'm with him," Lu commented from the far side of John. She was already expertly extricating herself from the bedding and heading for the bathroom. 

"Okay, you win," Karen told them both. Being near the edge of the bed, she was able to get out and follow Lu before John could free himself. By the time he made it to the bath, Lu was in the shower and Karen was sitting on the toilet. Deciding not to be a boor and piss in the sink, he headed over to Karen's bath. His hard-on had gone down and he was just finishing up when Karen walked in. 

"I guess I better shower alone," she told him as she turned on the water. "Too many temptations otherwise." 

"Okay, I'll go make breakfast for the three of us," he acknowledged. "I can clean up later." 

He had cheese omelets on toast with turkey sausage ready by the time Lu strolled in, wearing the hotel robe. 

"Just borrowing, John," she told him. "I'll have to hustle back to my hotel to change, then I'll meet you at Morton's." 

"You settled somewhere out here, didn't you?" he asked as she sat and he served. 

"If you consider Carson City 'somewhere out here'... or Glenbrook, actually. On Lake Tahoe," she smiled. "For business in Vegas, I book a hotel and charge you for it." She was just finishing breakfast when Karen walked in, also in a robe. She sat and John served, then she turned to look at Lu. 

"I hope we're okay after last night," she told Lu cautiously. 

"Okay?" Lu beamed. "Girl, that was the best no-penis fuck I've had in forever! Actually, any kind of fuck in forever. I owe you big time. You present as Miss Prim and Proper, inexperienced and all, but my God! You're a fucking natural!" 

"We'll be able to work together, though, right?" Karen asked, still a little unsure. 

"Better now than ever," Lu nodded. "When it's showtime, I'll still be the professional hard-ass lawyer and you'll still be the professional hard-ass P-A. Nobody needs to know different." She stood up and took off the robe, putting over the back of the chair. 

"I've got to get dressed and bail, John," she told him. "I'll see you at work." 

Karen quickly stood up and took off her robe, too, then held out her arms for a hug. It took Lu less than a second to decide why not? and move into Karen's arms. And kiss. Karen wasn't holding back. 

Lu let herself melt and wondered again at how good this young woman felt. She had to be a decade younger, at least, and that usually meant all eagerness and ineptitude, at least in Lu's experience. Karen was different. Hesitant at first, but when she decide to give, she gave her all. Their naked skins pressing into each other - soft, warm, sexy as hell... their combined scents and tastes were overpowering. 

They eventually eased up, and the women got to laugh at John's expense as he adjusted himself in his bed pants. Lu looked back to Karen and smiled slightly. 

"Sic 'em, girl," she said. "I hate to do this, but I've got to go." 

Karen muttered "sure..." as she stepped back and watched as Lu headed into John's bedroom to retrieve her clothes and head out, with the blazer but minus the blouse ruined the night before. 

"Did you want to get some more sleep?" John asked after Lu had left. 

"Can we fuck while we do?" Karen asked. John could have sworn it was a truly ingenuous question. 

"We can try," he smiled. "We'll be on time if we're up by eight." 

Wednesday Day 

"Mills wants to downsize because he's afraid," Orin was telling them over their pre-meeting coffee at Morton's. "He thinks the bubble's going to burst and that land value is going to crash. Plus, he thinks that any capital expenditures at this point are going to become huge liabilities. He and his son have pretty much everything they own in Morton. He wants to sell off now and get to Morton's secure core of products, pretty much immune to market fluctuations." 

"And those would be their long-term defense contracts and their 'clean up the environment' line... the ones that industries use to meet EPA regulations," John nodded. "So he'd need convincing that staying in is almost guaranteed profit. Not an easy sell." 

"We can fuck up the sale of any real estate by insisting on complete environmental impact studies, through the EPA," Lu spoke up. "Just the legal maneuvering alone could stretch it out years, even if they're clean. And there's enough radon in the ground water to screw up the test results, if we want to get picky." 

"We do know that Tikken is not only doing well, they're about to get a contract for NASA's Mars mission," Orin put in. "Which, of course, nobody is supposed to know about. They'll have to be tooled up by 2018, when NASA's Proving Ground phase starts. And of course, the Nevada desert is a great place for harnessing solar power." 

"So that might be the 'guarantee' Mills needs," John pointed out. "We have to play that one close, though, since it isn't public knowledge." 

"Okay," John told his team, standing up. "Let's plan on lunch at the Bistro again. Except this time we buy more than just drinks. I want Karen paying attention to the arguments and not thinking about menus." 

His team joined him as they made their way to the conference room where the day's festivities were to occur. 

* * * * * 

The morning had bordered on disaster. Morton, Mills and Pearson had each begun to get involved, expressing their opinions about the company's direction and taking it out of the hands of their paid mouthpieces. It had devolved into arguing, without support facts - more emotions than anything else. 

Karen was kept busy supplying John and Lu with "facts and figures" so they could counter the more emotional outbursts, including at some points supporting Mills, so that the meeting didn't get completely derailed. 

Now the four were sitting at lunch, reviewing the train wreck in progress. 

"Bob Mills is going to fuck this company over if he doesn't get his head out of his ass," Lu stated, with obvious irritation. "You'd think for an experienced businessman, he'd pay closer attention to alternative strategies with a better than even chance for success." 

"I think I know how to handle this," John came back. "We just have to survive the afternoon. Once I can get Bob alone and explain a couple of highly confidential things, he may soften. By the way, he intends to bring his son, William - better known as Billy - to the meeting this afternoon. Billy's a lawyer on Bob's payroll and can sit in on the negotiations. He just doesn't have any voting or veto power." 

"I'm mentioning this because I want you to start flirting with him, Karen. He's known to have a roving eye and believe me, he's going to see you. I told you that you were a major player before, but you just didn't know it. This is where you come in. From what I understand, Billy is half the problem. He's pushing his old man to liquidate Morton's assets. He has his eye on other investments." 

"We're going someplace tonight that has dancing and I want you to keep him out on the floor and away from his father while I talk to Bob. I don't care what you have to do to make it happen." 

Both Lu and Orin looked at John like he was crazy. 

"John..." Lu started, but Karen held up her hand to stop her. 

"Of course... Sir," she told him and bowed her head slightly. The submissive gesture was not lost on a single person sitting at that table, and probably not by anyone nearby. John smiled. 

"That's my girl..." he told her softly. 

"Okay," he turned back to the others. "This afternoon we keep them arguing. Not throttling each other, but point/counterpoint/counter-counterpoint, etcetera. We'll keep mixing in What-Ifs and see if we can end the afternoon with a draw. Karen and I will work on the Mills' tonight. 

"Fair enough... Sir..." Lu told him, with the obvious emphasis and reference to Karen's accession. 

"Okay with me," was Orin's take. "I'm just sitting on the sidelines with the first aid kit, anyway." 

They finished lunch and John paid, then they headed back to the virtual Coliseum with the lions and gladiators going at it. 

* * * * * 

"Lu, please walk out with me," Karen whispered to Lu as the meeting wound down. "Shark-boy is going to try to intercept me, I know. I want a deterrent until tonight." 

"Not a problem, luv," Lu whispered back. "Want me to kiss you in front of him, too?" Karen could hear the smile in her voice, even through the stone face Lu was wearing. Karen tried very hard not to giggle. 

"I don't think that will be necessary," she whispered back. "Although I love the sound of it." 

"Oh, you teasing bitch, you," Lu commented quietly. 

She had chosen to sit on the other side of Karen from John for the afternoon meetings, since it would be easier to consult with Karen and her font of knowledge. Now it was John leaning over towards Karen and telling her under his breath, "I don't know what you two are conspiring about, but I want in on it." 

Which made both Karen and Lu have to sit on their reactions. 

"I think we're done for today," James Morton announced as he stood up. The namesake of the company still commanded respect among his juniors. "Let's all take a nice long evening to relax and come back at this tomorrow with less emotion and more logic. I'm not looking to stir up the pot just so the lawyers can have a feeding frenzy." He looked pointedly at several of the lawyers sitting at the table, Billy Mills and Lu included. 

"Ouch!" Lu whispered to Karen. "Guess we're doing my job too well." Karen looked down at her laptop to hide the smile as people slowly got to their feet and effected an exit. 

"C'mon, folk," John told his people. "Let's go. And Orin... I want a word with you before you take off." 

The four of them worked their way towards the door and as Karen had predicted, Billy Mills was hanging around just outside it. Karen steeled herself to be pleasant as she and Lu trailed John and Orin out the door. 

"Ms. O'Reilly," Mills spoke up as she emerged from the room. "May I have a word?" 

John looked over his shoulder for a moment, then turned back to Orin as they moved on. Karen stepped out of the flow of traffic, Lu right at her side. 

"Certainly, Mr. Mills," she told him. "How may I help you?" She endured the several seconds of gawking she got from him as he regarded her, and managed to keep a slight smile on her face. She noted that when he looked over at Lu, he looked back fairly quickly. 

"I understand from my father that you will be joining us for dinner this evening," he told her and she nodded. "My father's asked me to pick a place and I wanted to ask if there were some particular kind of entertainment or ambience you'd prefer?" 

Okay, so he noticed me eyeing him during the meeting, she smiled to herself, letting the smile show to him. Let's see what I can do with it. 

"Lu, cover your ears," she joked to her companion. "Mr. Mills... look, can I just call you Billy?" 

"Sure," he smiled. 

"Truth is, Billy, I haven't had much of a chance to go dancing since I got dragged into this gig," she lied to him in a confidential tone. "So if you chose some place with dancing, it'd be great." 

"Any particular kind of music?" he asked, feeling like he was setting the hook. 

"Anything is fine," she told him, "although Latin is kind of nice." Lu leaned back and looked at her with raised eyebrows. Karen wasn't sure if she was play-acting or not. 

"Latin is good," he told Karen, trying to avoid looking at Lu. "I know a pretty good Tex-Mex place off the Strip with a good band and not too crowded. Fairly decent menu, too. If you'll give me your number, I'll text you the info once I've cleared it with The Boss." 

Karen agreed and gave it to him, he thanked her, and then she and Lu watched as he walked off in the direction his father had gone. 

"Girl, are you nuts?" Lu asked Karen as they started after John and Orin. "Latin? He'll be all over you." 

"That's sort of the point," Karen agreed. "It's a moderately safe way to be 'Sensual' and I get to decide how far it goes. Latinos can be fairly protective of their women, and they'll understand if I object to something Billy-boy wants to do. And if I decide to get frisky, I can do that, too." 

"Just make sure John's keeping half an eye on you," Lu told her. "Since I won't be there." 

"Yes, ma'am, Ms. Protector of Female Virtue, ma'am," Karen smiled. "Let's go find the guys." 

Lu gave her an elbow and a smile. 

* * * * * 

Wednesday Evening 

Not quite what I had in mind, but this is Vegas, Karen thought to herself as she, John, Bob and Billy Mills sat at their table at the Cuba Café. To be fair, the food had been fair to good, the drinks were moderate and this time she wasn't ignorant of the dominant language. Their waitress was one of the very few who actually smiled around the customers and they were basically marking time, waiting for the band. 

She'd stayed quiet while John and Bob Mills groused about the politics of mergers and other business maladies, and she knew John was playing to him. She got into the conversation when Billy brought up vacationing in Mexico and she got to show off some of her "world traveler." She'd managed to spend significant vacation time in Central and South America, plus some in the Caribbean, as the guest of a high school girlfriend. Or more precisely, her high school girlfriend's parents. She'd taken Spanish in high school, and college, and was pretty good at picking up dialects quickly. 

That got them into cross-conversations, John and Bob on opposites sides talking shop and Karen and Billy on opposite sides talking Latino culture and countries. Billy was excellent at slipping in the subtle innuendo about the hot-blooded Latino lovers and suggestions that he'd learned a lot that he'd love to show Karen. She kept her smile going, knowing she had a job to do, but also giving herself the one-night-stand benefit of the doubt when it came to the younger Mills. After all, he wasn't unattractive. 

Somewhere around 6 feet and the neighborhood of 175 lbs. to her eyes, he had longish shaggy sandy blond hair, a decent tan, deep blue eyes and a sparkling smile. He had a sort of athletic build and moved with an easy grace, probably from some kind of sports. He'd dressed Las Vegas casual - light slacks, a flowery shirt and a light jacket, no tie, whereas both John and Bob had gone coat-and-tie. Billy didn't wear a lot of bling. Just a gold chain and cross around his neck and a fancy watch. She'd seen him switch his wallet to his front pants' pocket as they entered, so she figured he must know something she didn't. 

The bulge of his wallet hadn't hidden the bulge of his pants, though. Enough of a bulge to be noticeable. And Karen had to admit that the last few days with John had blown away a lot of her reserve... the walls that kept her from getting fucked over yet again. Of course, it could all come crashing down at the end of the week, but somehow, some little voice in her head was getting stronger and stronger, telling her she was competent and capable and could damn well look after herself. She didn't need a man to run her life. Having one that appreciated her and made her feel special was awesome, but she didn't need him. 

She did need the paycheck, though, so she wasn't going to do anything to get herself fired. She'd figured out just exactly what information John wanted to share with the elder Mills and why Billy needed to be kept far from it. 

I can do that, she thought. And if I'm really good at what I do, maybe John will reward me with some Number 27 time... Then she abruptly caught herself as she slipped off into fantasizing. 

"See something you like?" Billy asked, pulling her back to reality. "Or maybe just a naughty memory?" 

Showtime. 

She leaned forward as if she was going to say something confidential, then pulled back, glancing quickly at John and Robert, still engrossed in talking. She turned back to Billy with a half-smile. 

"Do you dance?" she asked, nodding towards the dance floor where the band was just starting some Salsa Rock. He smiled and rose to help her out of her chair in response. John paused to look at them. 

"Dancing," she told him and put her hand on his shoulder. 

"You don't have to be careful around me, Ms. O'Reilly," Robert told her. "I'm not carrying tales back to the boardroom." 

"It's Karen, and thank you, sir," she smiled, then leaned down and gave John a soft kiss. "Remember, you're driving me home, luv," she told him and they both smiled. Then she turned to move with Billy out onto the dance floor. 

Some fast rock, loosen things up, tease a little, she thought as they moved onto the floor with a half dozen other couples coming out to dance. I'll sweat the intimate stuff later. 

"Part of the naughty memory look?" Billy asked, nodding back in John's direction as they started to dance. 

"Part of it," Karen smiled demurely, making a point to look down at Billy's crotch before looking back up at him. Okay, I think I've got his attention. 

Their salsa rock was more like a blown open jitterbug, but he was a good lead and she liked it. He took the opportunity to do some mild groping when he could twirl her into his arms, but it was momentary and it wasn't obnoxious. In fact, Karen liked the way he felt. He was strong, he was fluid, and as they worked up a sweat, she realized he smelled good, too. 

Oh, boy... she thought as the floor gradually filled up and their dance space collapsed. I hope to God John isn't shitting me about not being jealous, 'cuz this guy is turning me on. 

The band changed up their tempo slightly and Billy paused slightly. 

"Bachata?" he asked. 

"Santo Domingo?" she asked with a smile. 

"South Beach," he answered with a grin that went ear to ear. 

Holy fuck! she thought. This is going to get really raunchy, really fast! Fasten your seat belts... She held out her hands for his lead. 

In three minutes, she was ready to jump his bones. Turns, wraps, hair combs, catches, sit drops, two hand lead turns and more undulating, passionate body contact than anyone could normally have without fucking standing up. He knew what he was doing and was delighted to find out she did. 
