 © 2015 Salacious Scribe and Kit Cartaii. All Rights Reserved. 

Authors Notes

Neat N' Naked is a Series of 26 unrelated stories I am working on. They all have the same basic premise, - Someone hires a naked maid and orgasms ensue. 

This part contains heterosexual intercourse, prostitution, virgin deflowering, fellatio, cunnilingus, and heterosexual sodomy. If you don't enjoy this kind of smut, please choose another story.

***

Kit had been alone all day. His house was a wreck and desperately needed to be cleaned. He also needed some companionship, but he had never found someone who would fill both those needs at the same time. At least he didn't believe it was possible. Although he heard rumors about this service, that well, he'd believe it when he lived it. He sighed and looked at the number written on his hand before picking up the phone and dialing. 

"Neat n Naked... where our girls suck better than hoovers. How can we help you?" Came a deep throaty voice from the earpiece of the phone.

"Can I please hire a maid?" Kit asked softly, his hands sweating a bit. 

"Why of course you can darlin'. Just tell me what type of girl you want?"

I have a thing for rather... wild submissive girls. Maybe a catgirl? She doesn't need the ears or tail, someone around 20, petite with a nice bust, and long blonde hair."

"Well sir, that sounds like a lot of fun. I do have one girl who admits she is into animal cosplay, but she doesn't meet some of your other requests. let me send you her profile...,"

Kit looks at the profile and picture. He sees a tiny blonde woman holding a cat wearing cat ears. Her name is Kitty, and she claims to be forty, but she could be in her mid-thirties. She's 5'1" and weighs 120lbs. Her measurements are 34-25-35, and she works as an accountant at a paper company. She is rated 7/10 stars, and has two comments. 

The first comment is a perfect 10 from D. S. Tthe comment reads: She's a strong female, who knows the man is king. She gets emotional at times. The other review is only 4/10 and A. B. Wrote: She is a cold fish in bed who often calls out other men's names. She has a strange beet fetish.

After looking at the profile, Kit asks "Do you have anyone else?"

"I also have Dakota, here's her profile. 

Dakota was a petite blonde, with short hair, and a square pretty face with sparkling green eyes. She's 21, 5' 108 lbs, 32-24-33 and is a full-time college student. She is rated 9/10 stars and instead of comments she has some personal info in her profile. 

Dakota prefers giving BJs over any other type of sexual activity. She once sucked a golf ball through 5' of garden hose. While not strictly a sub, she is willing to be dominated and humiliated. No Discipline and bondage with regular clients only.

For Kit, it was a no brainer. "Ms. Dakota please." Kit asks softly.

After taking his address and payment information the appointment is scheduled.

8========D<

At the appointed time, Kit hears a knock on the door. Peeking outside, Kit sees a beautiful blond college student wearing a pair of ski tight black jogging pants and a sports bra. She is covered in a light sheen of sweat, and her blond hair pulled back into a ponytail. She stands on the porch with a sexy little smile on her face, wondering what's about to happen. 

Kit was feeling a little nervous. He wasn't sure his black graphic tee and boot cut jeans were the best choices. He debated quickly changing, but a loud insistent knocking changed his mind. 

He opened the door and let he froze when he saw her. She was gorgeous and unmistakably very active and fit. "Dakota?" He asked.

Dakota smiled at the awkward young man. "That's my name, and you must be Kit?" she asks as she walks in closing the door behind her. 

"My full name is Kitsune Cartaii." He said standing ramrod straight, showing true pride in his name. 

"May I call you Kit?" She asked dropping a bag on the floor, "or do you prefer Kitsune?" she asked. 

"Go ahead. Most people call me Kit anyway," he tells her. 

"Sorry about my appearance. My spin class went a bit too long, and I didn't have time to shower... or change. Maybe later we can shower together." she suggests with a wink. 

Kit froze in shock at her suggestion. He had never showered with anyone, and his pants started to get tight in the crotch. "If...if you...you need to...to ch..ch..change, you can use...use my ro..oom." he made fists with his hands working up some courage, "But only if...if I...I can watch" he said, the stutter he overcame back in middle school, rearing it's ugly head as he fought to control it. 

As they walked through the apartment, Dakota said "Wow your place is a mess. I need to get started, don't I?" looking directly into Kitsunes' eyes.

"I...I don...don't clean mu...much." He told her. DDD...do ya...you...waa...waa...want to sha...sha...shower first? He asked.

"Oh def after, when I'm nice and sweaty. It's always better to get sweaty and dirty before you get clean," she says giggling. The expression on her face changes, "Kit, relax. I'm just a regular girl." She says putting her hand on his arm. "Close your eyes, take a deep breath, and relax," she tells him.

Kit closes his eyes and starts to inhale deeply as his nose is filled with a sexy earthy, lemony scent as a pair of soft lips press against his. Kit freezes as Dakota kiss him sweetly but with a touch of passion. Kit puts his hands on her upper arms and doesn't move for fear she will stop kissing him.

After a few minutes, her lips leave his and Kit blinks several times, unsure what to do or say.

"Now that we got that out of the way, you should be a little more relaxed, and calm," Dakota tells him her hand resting on his forearm. 

Kit stood there trying to capture her scent again, as he looked at her. Dakota dropped her hand and said, "Well Kit here goes nothing...," as she pulls off her sports bra revealing her firm perky breasts with small pancake sized pink areola and slightly larger than a pencil eraser nipples that stood out about an inch when erect. She threw her bra at Kit and began to sway her hips, as she started sliding her almost form-fitting pants down her legs. Kit took the bra and inhaled her scent before setting it down to watch her lithe body sway to music only she could hear. 

Kit licked his lips and stared mesmerized as her mons was exposed to Kits hungry gaze. Kit was grateful she was a natural blond with a narrow landing strip of pubic hair. She continued sliding the pants down, exposing he cute little slit. Kit watched intently as she slides the pants off her long supple dancer's legs, and dropped them. She struck the red carpet pose and asked "Do I meet with your approval?" as she stood there for a moment, and then turned to show off her round meaty ass. 

Kit finally found his voice and said "wow, you are so hot," he says as he swatted her firmly on the left cheek.

Dakota jumped in surprise and anger. "Hey, none of that!" Dakota said sharply. "I know my profile says no discipline. Try anything like that again, I will leave immediately and blacklist you. Touching is okay, hitting is not. Understand?". She asks glaring at him.

Kit stepped back in shock and fear at the anger in her face and the tone of her voice frightened him a little. "I'mmm...So.sss...sorr...sorry," he said glancing at the floor with a sad look on his face. Kit didn't look back up at the woman. He felt stupid. He had known what the file said. He couldn't forget he just acted on impulse and he shouldn't have.

Dakota's face softened as she saw the fear, and remorse on his face. She let go of her anger and stepped closer to him. Not quite touching but close enough to feel each other's body heat, the heat radiating from his body. "Apology accepted." as she made a fist and used it to force Kits head up until their eyes met. She paused for a moment and leaned forward to kiss him again. 

It only lasted a few seconds before she broke away. Looking at him, she realized something about the shy awkward guy standing in front of her. "Are... Are you a virgin Kit?" she asked not unkindly.

Kit, shrugged as his face turned red. Not entirely, I've done some things, but not that." he tells her quietly.

Dakota took his hand and lead him to the unmade bed. "Sit down," she commands him as she sits down patting the bed right beside her. Kit sat down and Dakota took his hand and held it against her breast. "Kit, you paid for this time, and I will do anything you want. I need you to be sure you want to pay someone to pop your cherry. You are a handsome young man, and deserve someone special, someone you love, someone you connect with emotionally, not some random sex worker you paid after seeing one pic and reading a couple of sentences. I got more info on my dog when I adopted him than you got to pick me."

"I never met a girl who liked me enough to date me," he says looking straight ahead. I was always the Snape to their Lilly. I never knew how to act around people, and... his voice fades

Dakota leans against him. "I wasn't popular in high school. I looked like Candace from Phineas and Ferb, but not as pretty. I crushed on cute boys and was ignored. Even the regular Joes made fun of me. I was asked on exactly three dates in high school. Two were in the chess club, and the other was special needs who asked out every girl in school. The chess geeks were hoping for some geek love from the geek girl. When I refused, they told everyone that I let them tag team me under the bleachers during homecoming. After that, all the guys, including some teachers tried to get me alone. It sucked." 

Pausing for a moment to control the tears filling her eyes at the painful memory, she put her hand on Kit's thigh. "I blossomed the summer after graduation. My tits went from cherries to honeydews in like a week, my body took on some curves, and suddenly everyone wanted to be my friend. It was about a year before I was confident enough to start making friends. Most days I still feel like the unpopular geek girl I used to be." 

She leans closer to him, "If you want me to be your first, I would be honored. I'll do everything I can to make it as special as it should be, but it won't be what it could and should be with someone you love." Dakota tells him. 

Kit sat there with her and thought silently about what she said. "I understand what you're saying, but I won't ever have a shot with someone as beautiful as you. Besides, once we're done, we won't be running into each other at friends parties, or the mall. You won't care about who I'm with or what I do." Kit said looking at her nude body, feeling her naked thigh pressed against his pants. "I want you," he said squeezing her thigh, and his other hand reached for her hard nipple.

"Well Kit, I guess it's up to me to show you what you've been missing." Dakota slides down onto her knees. She expertly opened his pants slide her hand inside and found his erect cock. She pulled it out of his pants, and she licks her lips and takes the head into her mouth, licking it all over with her moist pink tongue. 

Kit lifted his ass and pushed his pants down to his ankles. Dakota starts to fondle Kit's balls, as her eyes bore into Kit's as she slowly takes more of his rapidly swelling cock into her mouth.

Kit had never felt anything like the warm, wet and eager mouth working over his cock. He let out a deep moan, forcing himself to stare into her eyes as his cock swelled even more in her mouth. He was surprised when he felt the familiar tingle of an impending orgasm. "Shit... " he groaned in ecstasy.

Dakota watched Kit closely, as she took his entire length into her mouth. She began to start rolling her R's as she learned in High School Spanish, trying to get Kits first nut out of the way, so he can enjoy what's to cum.

"I'm about to cum..." Kit groans, his eyes clenched shut, his midsection heaving twice before he explodes inside Dakotas mouth. For his first time, the load was massive and thick like cream, coming in long spurts that filled her mouth.

Dakota drinks every drop of cum she can swallow, but there was too much even for a fellatrix of her skill. Some escaped her lips and ran down her chin, where it formed a droplet that grew larger and larger until it weighed too much and lost adhesion. It fell from her chin and landed right on her erect nipple. 

Dakota continued sucking Kit until she drained every last drop of cum from his balls. When he started to get soft, she released his cock from her mouth with a resounding pop. Using her fingers, she began to scoop up the remaining cum splatters, on her face and tits, licking and sucking on her fingers until it was all gone. "Yummy!" she says smiling at him, as she got onto her feet. "Can I have a drink please?" she asks

as she raised her arms above her head and stood on her tiptoes stretching her long lean lithe naked body.

Kit had a stupid grin on his face. He couldn't believe that he got his first blow job or how wonderful it felt. He suddenly realized that Dakota had spoken. "huh? What was that? Drink? oh! Of course! What would you like?" He asked as he pulled his pants on, heading to the kitchen. 

"Hey would you mind straightening up the living room, I'll fix us some lunch while you do that." It felt weird to ask the girl that had his dick in her mouth just a moment ago to clean, but he wanted to keep her in his line of sight. 

"I can do that," Dakota said as she followed Kit back to the living room. 

"Sure darlin' just make sure and bring me a sammich." She replied in jest. "I would love some kind of fruit juice if you have any if not waters fine." 

She stood at the entrance of the living room, looking around trying to figure out what to do first. Shrugging she thought to herself right here is as good a place as any. She started by going through the piles of paper on the coffee table. She put each one in one of three piles, stuff to keep, trash and one for things Kit would have to look through. The third stack was by far the largest. she paused and called out "How's my sammich coming?"

Kit entered the living room carrying two trays laden with food. There were two different smoothies, a dagwood, packed with aged meats, exotic cheeses, and organic vegetables. He put them down on the coffee table, now that the Mount Everest of junk mail had been dealt with. 

"I hope you like your sammich," he says smiling. I think the grape mango smoothie compliments the aged beef and the artisanal cheese adds that finishing pop." Kit says smiling. 

"Damn dude, I was hoping for something a step above a PB&J, and you go all Gordon Ramsey on me. I'm impressed." as she picks up the grape smoothie and tentatively licks some from the top. "That is good," she says as she uses both hands to pick up the massive sammich. She stretches her mouth as wide as possible to get it in her mouth, she failed. It was the first time she found an object she couldn't wrap her lips around.

Dakota cocks her head and puts the sammich at an angle and takes as big a bite as she could. Her eyes roll back into her head, as the flavors explode onto her tongue. "You have to tell me what's in this. It's the best thing I've had in my mouth that wasn't attached to a man," she says

holding a hand in front of her mouth. As she talks and chews at the same time. 

Dakota takes another small bite, savoring the delicate balance of the flavors. As she chews, she walks over to a small shelf containing a huge collection of DVDs.

There's a stack of loose DVD's, and a bunch of boxes haphazardly piled on the floor. Dakota gathers up all the cases and discs and sits on the floor in the lotus position, knowing from experience that guys love the way this position leaves her pussy exposed and slightly spread. 

The movies were mostly the usual single guy action-adventure and war flicks. But mixed in there were a few pornos. Not unexpected, but the titles surprised me. "Are you really into this stuff?" I ask him holding up one of the more unusual titles.

Kit watched her examine the DVD with a casual interest, slowly eating his sandwich. "Ahhh... Texas Dildo Masquerade" He smirked and shook his head, chuckling at the parody porno DVD. "No. I hate porn, It was a gag gift from a buddy at a Christmas party. I prefer to participate then to spectate."

Kit moved over to sit next to her and began to help her sort the DVD's trying to remember what else he had in that pile. When he saw one of the titles, his eyebrows shot up in surprise "I didn't know I had this." showing her This Ain't Ghostbuster I turned over the unopened box curious about it.

"It seems a shame to spend your hard-earned money on something and not enjoy it. Especially with a friend," Dakota says taking the DVD from him and getting it out of the case. 

While she pulls the plastic off the case, Kit says, "I work for a major computer software firm. I earn a nice income, and I live simply.

"Not the point. Why buy something if you never get to enjoy it. Would you buy a vacation home and never use it?" Dakota asks as she sits on the couch, "Are you going to join me?" she asks as she points the remote at the box to start the movie. As the opening scene starts, she takes a bite of her sammich. 

Kit shrugs, "I can afford to waste money." he tells her as the film opens with a visual of a woman fingering herself. "Well that's boring," he says putting an arm around Dakota, as the woman moans for the cameras. "Her passion is only slightly less fake than her tits" Kit says as his other hand starts to rub Dakota's thighs. He lets his fingers glide over her soft-toned skin until he brushes against her pussy and casually rubbing it, trying to act like it was a common occurrence.

"Shit, that feels good!", She says, as his fingers start rubbing Dakota's slit. "If you make so much money, why the fuck isn't some gold-digging slut here with you, instead of me?" She asks spreading her legs a bit wider so Kit could have full access to her.

"Two bachelors are sitting at the bar of a country club. One points to an old guy sitting by himself. He got married last year and his wife made him a millionaire, he told his buddy. The second guy says how did she do that? The first guy responds, when they got married he was a billionaire." Kit tells her. "I don't want to marry some woman putting me in the poor house because she loves spending money, not me." He says matching his motions to the actress on the screen. He slowly pushes his finger in her surprised how wet she is already. "Having fun?" he asks with a wry smile.

"Ummmmnnnnnnn" she moans, pushing her hips into his hands as she takes the last bite of her sammich, not believing she could finish something that huge. 

After she finishes the last bite, she says, "Who the fuck said marry one? Bang her till you get tired of her attitude or pussy, then give her the boot and find another one. Shit, you could have a different 20-year-old in your bed every night for the rest of your life, for the price of a nice dinner and drinks." 

"Isn't that kinda what I'm doing now?" he asks "Not to be rude, but I'm going to bang you till I get bored, then send you on your way. All for the price of a nice dinner and drinks." He looks into her eyes as he slowly caresses her wet pink folds with his finger. His cock has fully recovered and is ready to go again. He looks down at it and grins as he slips a second finger into her willing hole. "Mind if I put something a bit bigger in there?"

She chuckles at his impeccable logic. "I'm probably cheaper than one of those bitches too," she says. "But, no one has ever gotten bored of me." She said as she twisted her body until she's prone on the couch, waiting for his virgin cock to enter her. "You better stick something in here soon, mister, or I'm getting a cucumber from your fridge," she says winking at him.
