 I love these mornings when the pleasures of the night before are still fresh in my mind. I find myself daydreaming through memory all day long with lovely aftershocks of excitement shooting through my body. Remembering the tiniest moment, even just him grabbing my hand when we walked inside, shoots wet hot pleasure through me.

I went to the bar because it was a friend's girlfriend's birthday and I had heard a lot of my friends were going to be there but I'd drank way too much the night before and I was completely out of money so I sat in the corner watching pool games and dart games and general bar madness. I suppose I deliberately put myself in his line of sight. I'd accidentally ended up crashing next to him the weekend before at a house party and I was to say the least curious to see what might happen when I saw him again.

He's a quieter person and I always have a hard time figuring out people who don't talk much. I was a bit shy so I kept trying to look his way without really looking his way, wondering the whole time if he was thinking of our small, and mostly innocent, cuddle from the weekend before. 

Every time I looked up I'd get a little flush because he'd be looking at me too. After hours of this kind of thing he finally started talking to me a bit, asking why I wasn't drinking and telling me to loosen up. If only he knew how relaxed I was already feeling, just sitting there remembering those big man's hands on me from the weekend before.

Eventually I decided to ask an old friend to buy me a drink and sipped a glass of cheap red for a bit, joining in with the others and eavesdropping on their conversations. I was on my third sip when I realized that every drink of wine was somehow going right to my groin. I felt warm and tingly and spectacular and I took my time sipping the wine to the finish and enjoying the odd sensations. 

The night wore on as it will do when you're the soberest person at the bar. I listened to people and kept loving the slight tickly feelings I got every time he and I met eyes or walked closely by each other. I noticed that every time I walked by he did that thing people don't usually do of standing his ground so I was constantly brushing lightly by. 

As will happen there was the end of the night shuffling of drivers because a friend had gotten too drunk. She kept asking him to drive her car to her boyfriend's house and he didn't want to stay there so I volunteered to pick him up and bring him back to his truck. 

We stuck around her boyfriend's house and let the tension keep building, both of us a little seemingly unsure but really we knew where the night was headed. He played a few more games of pool and I chatted with friends but soon it was enough for me. I told him I'd drive him back and we got in my car, running through a huge downpour and laughing like children. I shivered in my seat, tired, cold, and ready for a good cuddle.

I was wondering if he'd say something or what, chattering nervously like I do when things are tense and quiet. Meanwhile he snuck his hand over onto my thigh and I sighed with relief. 

"Do you want me to take you to your truck or your house?" I asked, knowing we needed to open up the subject.

"Whatever you want to do." He said, while his hand roamed high and more aggressively up my thigh. I sighed, and tried to keep my senses since I was still driving.

"Well do you want to drive your truck home?"

"I can."

At this point I was realizing that I'd have to be a bit of the aggressor here. "Okay, I'll drop you off at your truck and follow you back to your house."

"Okay." A wicked grin told me that was the right thing to say.

I followed him to his place and was gratified by the tiny gesture of him walking from his car to mine and holding my hand for the short walk inside. He opened the door to his upstairs attic bedroom and gestured for me to go in front of him. When I walked by I felt him breathe deeply and loved the idea that he was finding my scent heady. He closed the door behind him and followed me up the steep staircase, fondling my backside and giving me shivers as we went.

"Excuse the mess, I'm a bachelor."

I laughed. "I'm really not worried about that at all right now."

He nervously asked if I'd like to watch a movie and disclaimed not having many choices. I grinned at his sheepishness and how cute he was with feeling he had to impress me. "Whatever's already in the player is fine. A bit of background noise is nice."

He played a silly movie from when we were kids which only served to make me feel even closer to him since even though we didn't ever hang out, we grew up together in the same tiny town.

He gestured to the bed and I got in it, taking my bra off under my shirt, a little shy myself I guess and still kind of pretending I might not actually have sex with him.

He followed, taking off all but his boxers and reminding me of how much I love a man who looks like a man and not a boy. He had a light dusting of chest hair, lovely muscular arms, a thick and nicely cut chest, and a few tattoos for me to explore as the night went on.

What I find most spectacular and surprising about him is how gentle and gentlemanly he is. I guess I've been with rather rough types in the past and I didn't expect too much. 

I lay down next to him, smiling a bit shyly and snuggled up to him immediately. He laughed when I decided I had to take my pants off but I was just a bit nervous and he is so quiet! 

He let his hands glide over me a bit as I rested my head on his shoulder. We started kissing, in one of those awkward half facing positions and eventually I couldn't stand it and climbed up to straddle him. I was gratified to see his face light up as I rose above him. I smiled and leaned down for a kiss, moving my hips against his and loving the feel of him underneath me. 

He kissed his way down my neck to my breasts, suckled me deeply, and moved on, kissing over my stomach and downward. I ended up holding myself above him as he tongued my clit with fervor. I've never met a man who was so into making sure a woman felt all the pleasure she possibly could at his hands. He feasted on me for what seemed forever and I began to feel guilty as orgasm after orgasm hit me. I slid down his body but he just began kissing back down, pushing me back into the same position. Awhile later when I was pretty sure he might suffocate soon since I was getting too weak and shaky to hold myself up, he finally let me come back down. We kissed a bit more, ground our hips, and I looked him in the eye with a smile and said "Are you going to fuck me now?"

He nodded and I said, "You're gonna be on top." He made a few noises about arguing me out of that one but conceded rather quickly. 

I flipped over on my back and made room for him between my legs. He settled in and kissed me again, making me revel once more in the way he seemed to kind of thoughtlessly cherish me. His every movement was so kind and seemingly designed to make me feel perfect and precious and yet I could see it wasn't something he planned out or schemed about, it just came naturally for him.

I reached down and found him, exclaiming over his girth. He jerked once into my hand and then calmed himself and let me guide him into me. That first thrust always feels like pure heady joy to me, more than any other sensation or feeling on earth.

That first time we managed to fit quite a few different positions and arrangements in. We started with my knees thrown over his shoulders, which only works all that well for me with the biggest of men since they tend to get going too fast and slip out. I am one of those women who maintains a certain degree of wetness at all times naturally so when I'm even wetter from being supremely turned on, as I was, things tend to get slippery. We moved on to one leg up and one leg down, and then he tried both legs straight up against his chest while he was in more of a straight sitting position. That was rather nice except the attic ceiling meant my one foot kept getting put in awkward positions between his shoulder and the ceiling. I noticed he liked this position because he could push into me hard and fast and those motions would make my breasts jiggle and dance excitedly. Guess he took care of the main reason he wanted me on top anyhow. 

He seemed pretty tired after all of that, and I don't blame him, so I offered to be on top for awhile and watched him grin as we switched positions. 

I rode him with my knees by his sides for a minute but pretty soon was sick of not getting enough movement so I adjusted so that my feet were beside him and I could use all my leg muscles to gyrate on him. I saw his face light up again and loved how easy it was to read him at moments like this. It was lovely in these moments to see him so transparent when he's usually so hard to decipher.

He arched his neck up so I knew he wanted a kiss and I leaned down over him and obliged. He moved down to my breasts and had me moaning and clenching around him while I tried to keep my composure enough to continue the rhythm I'd started. 

I rode him hard until he was jerking up into me, surprised again since he was the first guy I'd ever been with who didn't say "I'm coming, I'm coming" like it was a huge proclamation. I actually felt like I could've used that information because he's also the only guy I've ever been with who really seemed to live up to what I've heard about guys staying hard for a moment or two after they come.

I flopped over onto my side of the bed, sated and yawning. "Well, I'm not cold anymore." I said, since I'd been complaining about the cold ever since we'd been at the bar. He laughed. "You shouldn't be!" 

He finished as well as he started, even. I turned away, ready to sleep and he went right back to those lovely soft and slow touches I've been craving ever since. He kissed my shoulders and gave me a little shoulder rub and just let his hands roam over me while I lay there in my exhaustion. He pulled the blanket up around my shoulders and tucked me in like something precious. I'm pretty sure I just conked out after that because I don't remember anything else until I woke up in his arms. I was laying on my side and he'd turned to me, wrapped himself around behind me in that lovely way and begun to let those lovely callused palms glide across my body. I've always wanted to be woken up to that kind of touch. I let out a light moan and snuggled back against him, feeling his thick penis jump in response to my movement. He moved his hand down and fingered me, gently but with strength, the way he did everything else. It took a bit of maneuvering but once he found that spot that's so sensitive I can't even handle it he really exploited it. He apparently just loves to see a woman get off as many times as possible because he was all over that little button of mine. He had me jerking back into him and screaming in pleasure. When it got to the point where I just couldn't take another orgasm, I had to pull his hand away. I distracted him by reaching back and grasping his penis. I've never really given a hand job before this, but I really enjoyed the feel of him and just concentrated on that rather than trying to over think any techniques or anything. I tried to be gentle around the head of it, but soon realized from his body movement that a little more pressure was enjoyable for him. Eventually he was moving his hips into my hand and I didn't want to let him finish that way. I moved my hips so that I could open for him and moved him into position between my legs. The first thrust from this position was more than pure joy, more than pure ecstasy, it was like realizing God existed. I'd never had it this way, though I'd fantasized. He was behind me on his side and I was on mine, bent a bit forward with our legs jumbled into whichever position allowed for the most leverage and best movement. He pushed into me in perfect rhythm, getting me off again and again. His hands roamed over me, his lips on my neck, collarbone, and shoulder. He grabbed my breasts hard, showing me he could please the side of me that longs for gentleness and the side that likes things a little bit rough. He grasped my stomach just as he'd kissed it earlier, making me think that here was a man with true appreciation for my whole body. I felt like for once there wasn't just one aspect of me that this man found acceptable, but that all of me attracted him just as equally.

I felt a little more uninhibited this time and found myself talking aloud like I usually do during sex. "Oh, God you feel so good inside me." I whispered as I thrust back against him moving my hips in circles and clenching my inner muscles around him.

"Come into me D__, come inside me." I knew I was practically begging him but I just so much wanted the gratification of knowing I'd made him come. It must have worked for him since not long after that he came into me one and then two hard long thrusts and I knew he was coming. He remained inside me, still hard, for a few seconds and I couldn't help but move against him as he lay still and sated. I gyrated around him once, then twice, moving my hips in a wide circle and pushing back onto him as deep as I could. I moved slow and felt every inch of him, moaning in rhythm with my own body's movements. He groaned as well, finally giving me some verbal response as my body clung to him and clenched around him even after the deed was done.

I finally forced myself to stop milking him and settled myself off of him. I lay with a wrist across my forehead, so sated and feeling nearly unable to move. He laughed when I complained that my legs were already shaking and would be nearly useless the next day. "That was a nice position, I've never tried that." I came out with next, and he laughed again.

I fell asleep next to him again, more sated than I've ever been. In the morning I woke up, snuck down to the bathroom, and then woke him up when I sat on the bed to put my shoes on. "Thanks." I said. "Yeah." He said with another of those short laughs. 

I gave him a hug and a "See you later" and went home a very happy woman. Now I'm just wondering if I'll happen to run into him again, and if he's wanting the same thing.