 How I got there wasn't fun at all. I was nine days into a two-week business trip through the mid-west and was looking forward to getting back to my loving hubby's arms. Actually it wasn't his arms I was looking forward to, it'd been a long nine days. A couple of nights before we'd had some pretty hot phone sex when Bill told me all the things he wanted to do to my body. It had been fun but my body was ready to be ravished for real.

I was trying to make a quick drive in a rental car from Denver to Omaha for a final sales call before flying home. The blizzard was supposed to stay in the Dakotas, but it didn't. After five hours of driving through blinding snow I finally saw a motel sign ahead. The parking lot was packed and I prayed there'd be room at the inn.

When I got in the lobby I discovered three other people in line ahead of me, two men and one woman. All three of them looked like business travelers who also had believed the weatherman. A very harried-looking young woman came out of the back and looked us over. "I've got good news and bad news," she said. "The good news is we've got two rooms left, non-smoking with two queen sized beds each. The bad news is there are four of you. More good news: there are hotel rooms available in town. Bad news: it's twenty miles to town, or about an hour and a half in this snow." After a moment she went on, "But maybe good news: if you don't mind doubling up we can take you all four tonight." With that we all looked around, deciding if our privacy was more important than driving in this blizzard.

My first impulse was to look over the two men. Which one would I like to be caught in a snowstorm with. No question - the short dark-haired guy. Of course I knew she was asking if I would bunk with the other woman but a girl can dream, can't she? The woman in question was a few years older than me. Not pretty in a classical sense, but she had an air of confident sensuality about her that had each of the men hoping she'd pick him as her room mate for the night. Instead the two of us looked at each other a moment and apparently I passed whatever test she was giving. We nodded to each other, then to the desk clerk. 

As we checked in I learned that her name was Kim and she learned that I am Sherry. The dark haired guy I was attracted to was Jack and the older man with the white beard was called Sam. As I thought, we were all business travelers who believed we could beat the storm. Kim was a systems analyst and had been on assignment in Omaha but trying to get back to Denver to meet up with her boss. When she found out I was making the reverse trip she commented, "I guess we're just two ships that didn't quite pass in the night."

With only one bar on my cell phone, I called home and managed to communicate to my husband that I was safe and warm. At least I hoped he could understand what I said through the static.

In the room I ran through the shower, getting the stress sweat off my body. Once out, I wrapped a couple of towels around myself and let Kim have the bath. I was trying to keep the towels in place as I sorted through my suitcase looking for something to wear to dinner when Kim came out of the bath still drying herself. When she was satisfied, she tossed the towel back into the bathroom and got out her make-up case, completely at ease in her nudity. "Forget those towels," she said as once more they started falling off me. "Hotel towels are too small to cover you up. Besides, you've got a nice body, might as well show it off."

Her own body was nice indeed. Tall and slender, she had a flat stomach and shapely breasts, smaller than mine but still nice. Her long legs led up to a perfect ass and a nicely trimmed pubic area. Kim looked at herself in the mirror and commented, "Not bad for a woman of forty." I was thinking not bad for any age. I'd never thought I'd be interested in women, but if I would be, she was definitely sexy enough to lust after.

She was right about the towels and I put mine in the bathroom and went back to unpacking.

"So, Sherry," Kim asked, "If you really got to choose who to bunk with, would it be Jack or Sam?"

"Jack for me," I answered without hesitation. "He's sexy."

"Good," she answered. "Then we won't have any competition. I've got this thing about older guys, especially handsome ones. Sam's the guy I'd invite to my bed. Hell, I'd invite him tonight if I wasn't so tired."

"And if it wouldn't keep me awake." 

"Jack could take care of that." I was pretty sure she was kidding. 

"Well, as tempting as it sounds, right now I gotta get something to eat, maybe a drink and then I plan on sleeping about twenty hours."

Kim pulled on a pair of jeans which emphasized her perfect butt, then a dark tee shirt, commenting "I don't think the guys will mind if I don't wear a bra, do you?" Had to be a rhetorical question. I thought the guys were going to love to seeing the pointy tips of her boobs poking out the fabric.

I got into my own jeans, purposely not looking in the mirror to check my butt. I knew I couldn't complete. I took out a bra but Kim said, "Sherry honey, you're not gonna deny the guys a chance to see these big jugs bounce around?" She took me by surprise when she reached around and held my breasts in her hands, giving them a jiggle. "It would be a shame to hide them."

"You're right," I said, taking the dare. "Let's make 'em drool a little. I put the bra back in my bag and pulled on a thin blouse, hoping my dark nipples would distract the guys attention from Kim's perfect ass.

When we got to the restaurant it was packed, mostly with noisy families. The hostess told us we could get served in the bar, which sounded good to us. The bar wasn't quite as crowded, and no kids. We did find Jack and Sam sitting together in a booth and they invited us to join them. Sam had ordered a bottle of wine, and by the time we'd finished eating we'd killed two more bottles. A lot of flirting and kidding went on, but we were all way too tired to be serious about it. Kim was right about the boobs. The guys had trouble keeping their eyes off our chests. I thought a couple of times Jack was going to grab my girls, but he managed to keep his hands to himself. I don't think Sam did. Kim had some suspicious looking smudges on her blouse.

Kim and I staggered back to our room, not sure if it was the wine or fatigue that had us reeling. I got the bathroom first and cleaned up before putting on the cotton nighty I had brought with me but hadn't worn yet. I was in bed as Kim came out of the bath. She hadn't bothered with a night gown. She pulled back the covers and laid on the bed naked. "This doesn't bother you, does it?" she asked. "I never wear anything to bed."

"It's okay with me," I told her. "I seldom do myself."

Neither one of us had turned out the light so I could see as she began kneading her own breasts and making quiet noises in her throat. "Hope this doesn't bother you, either, but I've got to get some relief or I'll never get to sleep." 

I didn't say anything as I watched her hands slide down toward her crotch. "Shit," I thought, "she's gonna masturbate right here in front of me." I hadn't seen another woman get herself off since my college room mate and I in used to do it after dates.

As she touched herself, Kim turned and looked at me. "You could get naked too you know. I'd like to see your body. It's so hot."

How could I refuse an invitation like that? "Might as well," I said. I pulled my nighty off and sat on the edge of the bed, openly watching what the woman was doing.

"Ooh, you have such nice tits," she said. She kept her eyes on me as her fingers disappeared into her slit. It was turning me on to watch her play with herself and I was tempted to do the same to myself.

"Your tits are so so sexy, Sherry. Touch them for me." What could I do, I held my boobs in my hands, pinching the nipples and making them stand out.

"Do you like watching me play with myself," Kim asked. I guess I'd been staring.

"I think I do."

"Have you ever watched a woman pleasure herself before?"

"In college. My room mate and I would do it sometimes. After dates."

"You mean dates when you didn't get laid, don't you?"

"Of course. But that was most of them, back then."

"Well we haven't been laid tonight, have we? Show me your pussy, Sherry. I want to see it, see you touch it." She was ordering me to do what I was dying to do anyway. I spread my legs slightly and ran my fingers over my labia. "Spread it open. I want to see if you're as wet as I am." I was, and I showed her. "Thanks. That's so fucking sexy."

"So Sherry," she asked as our fingers kept busy down below, "You ever play around when you're on the road?"

"Not when I'm traveling on business, " I said. "It's hard enough for a woman to be taken seriously as it is. If you start putting out, soon you'll just be the company bimbo."

"I know what you mean. What about at home? You ever get a little something on the side?" When I didn't answer right away she smiled and said, "You do, don't you?"

"Well, maybe once or twice. But I was drunk each time."

"You're drunk now, aren't you?" She had me there. I could only nod, not knowing what to expect. 

"Come here, Sherry," she said quietly. "Touch my breasts."

"What the fuck?" I said to myself. Then I said it again when I found myself on my knees next to her bed holding her tits in my hands.

"Kiss them. Please suck my tits a little." I must have been drunker than I thought because it sounded like a good idea to me. As I gently sucked her left nipple between my lips she moaned a little louder. "So good. Your tongue feels so good on me. Suck it harder . . . oooh yes!"

And it did feel good, her nipple against my tongue. I sucked hard, the way I liked my tits to be treated. I was drunk, not just from the wine but also from the scent of our woman-sex. Out of the corner of my eye I could see her working her fingers harder into herself as I was doing the same to my own cunt. Our hands were wet from our vaginal emissions.

I released her tit and leaned back, moaning softly from the feelings spreading through my body. As I did so, Kim pulled her fingers out of herself and held them in front of my mouth. "Taste me, Sherry." Without thinking I opened my mouth and let her slide her fingers in, then I licked the moisture off them. For the first time in my life I was tasting another woman's sex, her pussy. And I liked it. I sucked at the two fingers as if they were a miniature cock.

Then Kim reached down and pulled my hand from my crotch and took it to her own mouth. She smiled as she licked my juice from my fingers. "Nice," she said when she'd cleaned them completely. "Very nice. I love the taste of your pussy. Then she moved my hand to her own crotch. "Do me now, please. I want you to make me cum." For some reason it seemed like a perfectly good idea.

I curled my fingers, forcing them into her vagina. I was touching, penetrating, another woman's pussy with both excitement and desire. On one level it felt so familiar. The insides of her cunt felt much as my own did when I fingered myself. But on another level it was strange and exotic. It was so wet and warm and the aroma of her sex was filling my nostrils. As I explored her insides I felt her vaginal muscles tighten around my fingers. I knew she was getting close. She laid her hand on top of mine, pressing down, pressing my fingers deeper into her most sensitive and private place. "Oh fuck," she mumbled. "Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck I'm cumming. Don't stop, Sherry. Don't stop. Make me cumOHFUCKYES!" Suddenly she was nearly screaming as her pussy throbbed around my fingers. The sex juices were flowing out of her, covering my hand and wrist as she thrashed on the bed. It felt almost as good as cumming myself.

When her orgasm finally subsided I pulled my hand away from her and stuck my fingers in my mouth. I wanted to taste it, to taste her climax. It was wonderful. As soon as I'd licked my fingers clean again my hand returned to her pussy. She pulled my face to hers and kissed me hard on the lips, forcing her tongue into my mouth. Another first, another one that I loved. Sharing tongue with another woman, a woman I'd just made cum. I was excited and proud of my self. And horny as hell. Especially when I felt her hand back on my pubes. I kissed her harder as she rubbed my clit and worked her fingers into my cunt. I nearly screamed into her mouth as my orgasm hit.

"Sherry," Kim said as I gasped for breath. "Fuck me. I need to be fucked. Fuck me, please."

"Kim honey," I said. "I'm a girl, remember. I can't fuck you. I don't have a dick."

"Then use this one," she said, reaching down next to the bed and producing a ten-inch dildo. "Fuck me with this dick." 

It looked as much like a real dick as any I'd ever seen. The texture and feel of the rubber was identical to an erect penis. It had a purple mushroom head and a thick vein visible running down the underside. At the bottom was a soft sac which, when I grasped it, proved to contain two testicle-like lumps. For all intents and purposes it was ten inches of hard cock without the inconvenience of having a man attached. 

"I'd love to fuck you," I said as I took it from her hand. I planted a kiss 

on the tip, then opened my mouth and sucked the big head between my lips. When I pulled it out I flicked it across her nipples, then slowly ran it down her belly until is was nestled against her slit. 

"Let me move around so I can watch," I said. I positioned myself on my knees between her feet, then touched the cock-head against he slit once more. Kim reached down and held herself open, showing me the pink insides of her cunt. 

"Oh my god," she gasped as I forced the mushroom between her lips. "Oh god yes," as I firmly pressed more of the faux-man-meat into her. I was so turned on, watching that cock disappear into Kim's body, knowing that I was doing it, I was fucking her. "Hard, baby. Hard and deep," she begged. I pulled all but the head out, then shoved the entire dildo as deep into her as I could get it, mashing the balls against her ass. "Oh yeah, that's good. So good. Don't stop. Do me hard."

Again and again I shoved it to her, a white froth seeping out around the big cock. I worked it around in her, getting more and more turned on until I couldn't help myself. I crawled up on her body and wrapped my legs around hers. Rubbing my pussy on her thigh I arched my back so my tits were grazing her face. "Suck my tits, Kim. Oh shit yes!" I said. She sucked hard on my nipple as I used my knee to press the cock into her.

"Oh my god, fuck me for real, Sherry. Oh god yes!" I ground the cock into and against Kim's pussy, all the while humping her leg, stimulating my own pussy - truly fucking her. Soon we were both screaming in a massive, shared orgasm. Over and over again waves of sexual release poured through us until finally we had to separate before we passed out. Desperate for breath we clung together, the cock still stuck firmly between her legs. One nice thing about a dildo is that it doesn't get soft just because you've had an orgasm.

We laid cuddled together and Kim pulled the dick out of her and laid it between our faces. We both licked her cum off of it until, exhausted, we fell into a deep sleep.

It was pitch black when I woke up. I didn't know where I was and I felt around until I found what I thought was my husband. I was trying to pull him closer to me when I discovered he had breasts. Slowly I came to and remembered what had happened. Quietly I got out of Kim's bed and got over to my own, pulling the covers up to my neck.

The next time I opened my eyes it was light. Kim was sitting in front of the mirror putting on make-up, naked of course. "Good morning, sleepy-head," she said. "Or should I say good afternoon." I looked at the clock but it was blank.

"To catch you up," she went on, "It's nearly one o'clock in the afternoon. There was a note under our door that the electricity and phones are out. They have a generator to handle heating and cooking, but not much else. There's no maid service as the maids live in town and can't get here. If we want clean linens we're to call the desk and they'll bring them. Making beds is up to us." Then she looked at me still trying to open my eyes. "By the way, as gorgeous as you were last night - you look like hell today." She threw me an air kiss and went on, "The Highway Patrol has closed all the roads around here until at least tomorrow morning. Welcome to Nebraska."

The only thing I could think of was why was she so fucking cheerful. If I looked like hell, I felt worse. Too much stress. Too much wine. And probably too much kinky sex. So far the kinky sex was the only redeeming feature of the trip.

I got out my cell phone to call my husband again, but it had died during the night. When I fished the charger out of my bag Kim said, "Sorry lady. No power. If you want to charge that you'll have to take it to your car."

"Shit," I said. "I'm going to shower." 

After I turned on the water Kim called out. "No hot water either." It did not look like a good day.

I took a very quick, very cold shower, which at least woke me up. As I was using the last reasonably dry towel I asked Kim, "Have you had breakfast yet?"

"No. I thought I'd wait for you. Jack and Sam went downstairs a few minutes ago. They said they'll be looking for us."

"Oh, you talked to them this morning?" I asked.

"No. They're in the next room and I heard them talking through the wall. Get dressed and let's go." While I had showered Kim had put on her tight jeans and a white tee, her unrestrained breasts clearly visible. I put on sweat pants and a matching sweat shirt, not bothering with panties or a bra. Kim came over and brushed my hair back out of my eyes. "You look much better now," she said, kissing me lightly on the nose.

She was just leaning forward for a real kiss when I realized what she had said. "You heard them through the wall? You heard what they were saying?"

"Sure. This is an old motel. The walls are for modesty, not privacy."

"But that means they heard us last night. Probably everything we said and did." 

"Of course, Darling. Didn't you realize that? That's part of what made it so much fun."

"They heard us begging to be touched, to be fucked. And us doing it."

"I know. Isn't that kinky. I bet they're really turned on. You know they were jacking-off right along with us."

"But they weren't jacking each other off, like us."

"Probably not. Too bad, that would be fun to watch." Then she put her arms around me and kissed me hard on the mouth, her tongue probing for mine. Despite my shock and embarrassment I found myself responding. Finally Kim broke the kiss and said, "That was your first time wasn't it? With a woman, I mean?" I could just nod at her. "I remember my first time, and I know how you're feeling."

"I'm feeling excited and a little proud of myself. As well as a little embarrassed," I said.

"I know. I also know that what you need. When I did it with another woman for the first time I needed a man. A cock. To prove to myself I wasn't a lesbian."

"You aren't, are you?" I asked, wondering if it would make a difference.

"No dear. I guess you'd call me a little bi-sexual. And you know what Woody Allen said about being bi-sexual don't you?"

"No."

"We double our chances of getting laid. I guess we proved that last night, didn't we?" As I smiled, she kissed me again, using lots of tongue. Then she said, "If you'd gotten up earlier we might have had time for another round. But we better get to the bar now. We've got some sexy guys to seduce. It'll be a lot easier after what they heard us doing last night. I wonder if they'll be embarrassed?" I didn't know about them, but I was sure gonna be blushing.
