 I barely made it to my first class the next morning. Jill had stayed over after showing up at my door the night before and releasing me from her "erotic contract." Afterward, she had crawled into bed with me and curled up in my arms, pressing every inch of her body next to mine. Even though I was mentally (and physically) spent from the activities of the night, I was more than willing to try and satisfy her - give it the old college try, as it were - the moment I felt her silky skin against me.

She reached around and patted me on the hip.

"Go to sleep, you," she said softly. "You'll need your energy tomorrow."

Then she snuggled in harder and let out a contented sigh. And just like that, I was out too. I didn't move for ten hours. When I awoke, Jill was gone but had left a kiss, perfectly outlined in lipstick on my forehead that I discovered when I shaved that morning.

The first lecture of the day failed to hold my attention; as did the second; and the third. My mind was completely focused on Jill. The fact that I was constantly aroused by her went without saying. The combination of physical beauty, smarts, and personality - well, you'd have to be an idiot (or dead) not to have a libido that was in complete overdrive. But the previous night's image of her standing in the middle of my room, like Aphrodite clad in black lace and heels, was burned into my brain so completely it left little room for anything else that morning. 

By mid-morning, I was loitering around the Student Union, hoping to run into her. Her cell had gone to voice mail both times I dialed it. To my credit, I had managed to hold off sending any texts for fear of seeming too needy. But the truth was I did need to see her. Even if it was to dispel the growing irrational notion in my head that the previous two weeks - and last night in particular - were just some post-adolescent fantasy borne out of a collegiate alcoholic haze and hormonal overload.

I wandered around the campus after my last class. Fridays started and ended early for me so I usually planned out the afternoons for studying. What they were not planned for was roaming the halls of the university like a horny schoolboy, peering into the library cubicles and cafeteria alcoves, hoping to catch sight of her or hear the musical lilt of her laugh.

By three, I was completely demoralized and badly in need of caffeine. Standing in line at an espresso cart behind a mass of blonde dreadlocks and stale pot-smoke, my phone buzzed with an incoming text.

It read: Turn around, Stud Muffin.

I turned, and Jill practically leapt into my arms, planting a deep erotic kiss on my lips. I fell backward and bumped the guy next to me, spilling his fresh latte on the ground.

"Heeeyyyy...duuuude..." he groaned.

Jill peeked over my shoulder and flashed him a dazzling smile.

"Sorry," she chirped, "I just get really excited when I see this guy. I can't help myself! You know, you wouldn't believe how wet I am right now."

The barista choked trying to stifle a laugh. The woman behind Jill looked as if she'd been shot. Dreadlock PotSmoke just gaped and dropped his empty coffee cup.

"...s-s-say whaaa...?"

I hastily jammed a five in his hand and smiled. "Nothing, man...she's just kidding..."

Jill turned to the woman behind her and mouthed the word "big" as she made an exaggerated size gesture with her hands and we hustled away from the line. We laughed hysterically, holding onto each other as we ran across the green.

"You're out of your mind, you know that don't you?" I said, as she looped her arm through mine.

"Whadya mean?" she asked feigning innocence. "I wasn't lying."

"What? Which part?"

"I'm sorry, Hot Stuff," she said and squeezed my arm, "That's a need to know basis. Anyway, where have you been all day?"

"Me?" I asked, "I've been trying to find you."

"Really?"

I nodded, realizing I had just broken the first and most fundamental law of guys and girls: I had let her know I was chasing her. I know women have a similar code. But where it seems women look upon the breaking of that axiom as a misdemeanor-level indiscretion, guys view it as an all-out, crack-your-nuts-in-a-vise felony, punishable by death... of your manhood...preferably in public. Right. Well, nobody ever said, as a sex, that we were Rhodes scholars.

As if reading my mind, Jill stopped and pulled me to her, peering up at me with iridescent green eyes and smirked.

"Go on," she said slyly, "Tell me all the juicy, emasculating details."

"Well, you know...I...I didn't...not the whole day..." I hesitated and stammered a lame attempt to save face. "I...I did go to class, but..."

"Oh," she pouted, (good God, she was adorable!), "I kind of liked the idea of you moping around the library or student union looking for me."

"How did you know about the libr-?" I blurted, without thinking.

"Aha! J'accuse!" she said and poked me in the chest before breaking into one of her patented smiles.

I stood there gaping as she planted a kiss on my cheek and started walking again, pulling me behind. Christ, I thought, there was no way I was sharp enough to keep up with this girl. I was in trouble - in so many ways.

####

That night being Friday, we went to dinner at a small, friendly Italian place near campus. The food was excellent. The lighting was romantic. And Jill was exquisite in a light-weight black cotton summer dress that was slit up the legs and hugged her body in all the right places. We talked, laughed, trashed our professors, and generally rubbed against each other as much as possible without getting thrown out.

During dessert, a shared portion of Crème Brule, Jill scooted her chair closer and began playing footsie under the table. She slipped off one of her sandals and was slowly but deliberately running her toe under and up the leg of my pants to tickle the hairs on my leg. Every now and then, she would emphasize a laugh by dropping her hand on my thigh. It was like an adrenaline rush that went straight to my crotch and it took very little effort on her part to get me going in high gear. It also didn't help matters that after the last bite of dessert, she dropped her hand in my lap and left it there.

Slowly tracing the inside of my thigh, she worked her way up to the growing outline of my erection. A jolt of electricity went through my groin as she squeezed my cock through my pants. Concealed (mostly) by the ambient light level and the tablecloth, she began stroking me while talking casually about some girl in her English Literature class.

Abruptly stopping - talking, not stroking - she leaned in and whispered in my ear.

"Are you going to come for me again like last night?"

I swallowed dryly and croaked, "Yes, especially if you don't stop doing that."

She purred, "Hmmm, I don't think so."

"Then we're going to have a problem," I insisted.

"MmHmm," she said, "A big one it seems."

She picked up her water glass and took a long luxurious drink. I groaned as I watched her delicate throat move up and down, draining the liquid from the glass. A tiny drop remained at the corner of her mouth and she wiped it slowly across her lips. She held the glass up to me. 

"Still thirsty," she said in a throaty voice, "Maybe you'll just have to shoot in my glass to refill it."

"I'd rather do it elsewhere," I managed, trying to re-focus my attention on the task of getting out of there without staining the front of my pants.

She nibbled my earlobe and sighed huskily. She might have also whispered something that was close to, "Like maybe on my ass?" - But I don't know for sure. I kind of blacked out for a second. The next thing I knew, we were walking out into the cool night and I could breathe again. I assumed someone paid the bill. No one came chasing after us as we made our way down the street and back to campus.

The elevator ride was a steamy, blurred grope fest with our tongues playing in each other's mouths while I grabbed her ass and she ground her pelvis against the hot bar of steel in my pants.

I barely managed to get the key in the lock before she was unbuckling my belt. Leaving me half-undone, she kicked out of her sandals and stepped back. Her dress came off with one flick of her hand. 

I almost passed out. Underneath, she wore a red lace bra and thong that accentuated her green eyes to the point that they were almost viridian. She hooked a finger in my direction and beckoned me forward. Having extricated myself from my uncooperative pants, I followed her directions as she settled into the loveseat across the room. I didn't even wait for further instructions and dropped to my knees in front of her as she spread her stunning legs to invite me in. 

I had planned on lingering for a minute at her knees, working slowly down her inner thigh, and then taking my time, making her yearn for a change. That plan went out the window as soon as the scent of her perfume and femininity overtook me. I felt myself pitching forward, falling though it with a surge of unbridled lust. I needed to taste her. Hell, I was desperate to taste her. I was consumed by an ache and a thirst that I knew would only abate when the first hint of her wetness reached my lips.

Like a possessed man, I mashed my face into her panties, my tongue pushing the flimsy fabric into her pussy the barest fraction of an inch. I must have caught her off-guard. I half-expected her, sensing my desperation, to tease me some and make me work for my satisfaction. She didn't. She wove her fingers into my hair and pulled me deeper.

"Oh fuck," she cried out, "Yes! Get them off...get my panties off!"

Inspired by the fact that I could actually make her lose control a bit, I hesitated. Not for long, just enough to make her moan and grind against my mouth. As quickly as it was there, it was gone, and she regained control. She pushed my head back.

"Take those panties off," she said in a breathy voice. "Take them off so you can eat me."

I reached up to grab the elastic band, but she lightly slapped away my hand.

"Uh, uh...with your teeth, baby,' she giggled. "No hands."

Without a clue as to how I was going to accomplish this feat before losing control of my self, I started nibbling down the inside of her thigh. I breathed in the sweet smell of her skin; the spiciness of her perfume; and the wet muskiness, like dried wildflowers, that lay behind a thin wisp of red lace. With aching slowness, I found my way back to her pussy and flicked my tongue back and forth across the delicate fabric.

Jill moaned and tightened the grip on my hair. I worked my tongue along the edge of the lace until I could grab it between my teeth and gave a gentle tug. She raised her hips up off the sofa just enough and the thong slid from her hips and buttocks. As she straightened her legs and raised them up, I pulled her panties along them and over her feet, dropping them on the floor. She slowly parted her legs again, opening herself for me.

"Eat me," she whispered, "Eat my pussy."

I practically dove into her. She gasped as my tongue brushed over her delicate folds. Her pussy was steaming hot, and juices began to flow across my lips almost instantly as I explored her honey slit. The taste of her made me wild with desire. I drove my tongue into her, drinking in her wet sweetness. Pulling back a bit, I swirled my tongue around the sensitive lips of her vagina, tracing gentle circles back and forth. Each time the pattern found her clit she would jerk and gasp, and each time, I would linger just a bit. I licked and sucked, coaxing soft moans from her that turned into groans and eventually into breathless pleas.

"Oh my God, yes...oh fuck yes...your tongue feels so good...oh fuck yes..."

I flicked my tongue up and down the length of her slit faster and faster as her breath grew heavier. Her groans began to run together until I stabbed my tongue into her dripping channel over and over. She started bucking her hips, thrusting her drenched pussy against my mouth. Matching my pace, she fucked herself on my tongue as her moans became hoarse and she gasped for breath with each thrust.

My hands came up underneath her and grasped her firm butt as I continued to drill into her as far as my tongue could reach. She screamed. Her hand tightened on my head and pulled savagely at my hair while her other hand clawed the sofa cover. I held her up as her orgasm wracked her body and her scream became a long guttural moan. Once her climax subsided, she pulled my face to hers and mashed her lips into mine. Her tongue found mine for a passionate moment and then she broke into a smile as she sat up.

"Oh my God," she panted, "Where did you learn to do that?"

"I'd tell you," I mumbled, my lips pressed to hers, "But it's a need to know basis..."

"Oh yeah?" she giggled and grabbed my pants, "Well, I need something else right now."

"Maybe a towel?"

She sucked on my lower lip and gave it a gentle nibble while tugging my pants down over my hips. Her hand closed around my crotch and that all-too-familiar jolt hit me again. For a brief moment, I had been able to drive her as wild as she constantly drove me. But when her eyes peered up at me and I felt her touch on my body, any shred of control I might have had melted away. 

I rose to my feet. My shorts stayed where they were in her hands and slid down my thighs. Her eyes dropped to my throbbing cock in front of her and she purred.

"Hmmm...that's what I was looking for."

Jill started to tease and stroke me in the same fashion as the night before; flicking her tongue across the tip of my cock, breathing hotly on it until long sighs escaped my lips. She upped the ante this time and ran her tongue up and down the length of my shaft, pausing to swirl it around the head, but keeping it just out of her mouth.

Her hands twisted and stroked me as she held my cock against the edge of her tongue. Every few seconds, she would jerk me hard up and down for a dozen strokes before returning me to her warm tongue.

When she finally took my cock in her mouth, I had never felt anything so amazing. The warmth spread through me like wildfire. My head was swimming. The tingling that had started in my balls seemed to race out along my body until I could feel it in my fingers and toes. I groaned loudly.

Jill's tongue continued to swirl around the head of my cock as she bobbed up and down until releasing me from her mouth with a loud 'pop.' Then she would slide it down my shaft as she took me back in her mouth and repeat the process. Each time, she increased the suction a fraction making me groan louder. I desperately wanted to let loose and fill her mouth with cum, but she expertly kept me hovering right at the edge, popping me from her mouth at just the right time. So perfect was her technique that she was actually increasing my stamina with each repetition. I felt like a sprinter in training for the middle distances.

She grabbed my hips with both hands and pulled me to her. Taking my entire length in, she pumped them back and forth, fucking her mouth with my cock. I groaned even louder and began to fuck her beautiful face with joyful abandon as she held and caressed my balls.

She raised her eyes and fixed me with that smoldering stare. Withdrawing me from her fantastic mouth, she gripped my cock hard and pressed me to her chest. She stroked me between the soft mounds of flesh held in place by her bra and smiled wickedly at me. 

"Tell me what you want," she said, exhaling the words in a breathy purr that made my toes curl.

"I...I think you know..."

She stroked me harder.

"I want to hear it," she purred again, "Tell me..."

"Oh...fuck," I gasped.

She blew softly on my raging cock. 

"What was that? I didn't quite catch it..."

Her motions and sexy voice were driving me insane. I had no idea how I wasn't already coming all over her glistening body. I wanted to come. I needed to come. But I wanted something else much more.

"Tell me, baby...tell me what you want..."

"God," I gasped, "I want you...Jill..."

She squeezed me hard, her eyes boring into me. I felt an urge growing inside me.

"You want me?...just that...are you sure?"

The urge became a lust like I had never experienced before. It was raw and animalistic. Her eyes, those piercing green eyes that fried the atmosphere between us every time she stared at me; and her hands; and her throaty voice - commanding but somehow innocent at the same time; they were all driving this growing power inside me. She was turning me inside out, and the feeling was euphoric. 

I pulled her to her feet and mashed my mouth to her breasts. The bra fell away and I growled as I sucked a nipple into my hungry mouth. Her breathing grew heavier. I sucked harder and harder until she moaned.

"Oh fuck, baby...tell me..." she breathed, "I want it too... oh fuck yes...tell me what you want!"

I groaned deeply into her chest and then locked her gaze with my own.

"I want to fuck you until you scream," I growled. "I want to bend you over this couch and fuck you until you come...until you come so hard your body shakes...until you coat me with you juices...and then fuck you until you scream in ecstasy as I fill your sopping cunt."

Unfazed by the sudden intensity in my voice, she grabbed my hand and pulled it to her pussy, pushing two fingers inside. She was literally dripping onto my hand.

"That," she whispered, "Was the right answer. Do it now, baby. Fuck me!"

Jill fell back on the sofa, grabbed me and pulled me down on top her, guiding me between her legs. The feeling of her silky pussy lips on the head of my cock was indescribable. I pushed forward. Her pussy was boiling hot and soaking wet as she enveloped me. She grabbed my hips again and urged me forward, controlling the speed at which I entered her. A low moan started in her throat.

In one long, slow movement, I plunged my cock into her velvety snatch. She was so tight, I felt as if a warm, soft glove was being slid over my hard pole. Her moan increased and became another throaty groan as she took me further into her warmth. And then I was buried inside her, completely. She opened her lovely eyes and smiled.

"Holy shit," she gasped, "I.Love.Your.Cock."

I buried my face in her heavenly breasts and with a control I never knew I had, began fucking her in long, purposeful strokes. I sucked and licked her nipples as our bodies began to move together. I slowly increased the pace, hoping to maintain control of myself for as long as possible. I knew it was a battle I was going to eventually lose, but it wasn't going to be for lack of trying. Her breath accelerated and she pulled my face to hers. Her tongue frantically sought mine between ecstatic breaths. She bucked her hips hard to meet me thrust for thrust. 

"Oh fuck," she moaned, "Just like that...just like that! Yes...I'm going to come already!"

Her nails bit into my hips as she tried to pull me deeper into her. I could feel her body start to quiver, her breath quickening. Her pussy clamped deliciously around me as I pumped my hips harder, drawing her orgasm from her body. She gave in to it immediately. Gasping wordless exultations, her body gyrated against me as she became lost to the pleasure coursing through her. Her face flushed in absolute ecstasy. I held her and kissed her neck as she came, her pussy gripping and squeezing my cock until her shudders subsided. She grabbed me by the hair and moaned in my ear.

"God, you feel so fucking good. Bend me over and fuck me right now!"

Without a word, I slid out of her. She groaned slightly, but then flipped over with her knees on the floor in front of the sofa. She looked over her shoulder at me and licked her lips. I gripped myself hard to keep from losing it right then and there. The image of her bent over the sofa on her knees, her perfect ass raised up, her pussy glistening wet, waiting for me to plunge my cock back into her depths was too unbelievable.
