 I look up at you and see the need in your eyes. You've been waiting for this for far too long, and your desire is palpable. I lie on the bed, sideways, my head hanging off at just the right angle. You edge closer, and I take your cock in my hand, slowly stroking, working my thumb over the head. I pull you to me, mouth opening just enough for my tongue to dart out to flick the drop of nectar that's formed as a result of my manipulation. 

The teasing bit isn't going to work for you tonight, however. Whereas you generally enjoy it, tonight you want it all...and you want it now. You lean in, wrapping your fingers in the hair on either side of my head, and slowly slide your cock past my lips, over my tongue, till the head is brushing the back of my throat...and then you push some more. You give me a moment to adjust, whisper, "That's it, baby...take it all. That's my good girl," and I purr my appreciation of your praise. You keep edging further into my throat, until your cockhead is firmly ensconced there, and you have me just where you want me. "Ready?" you ask, and I give the slightest nod as indication, as that's all I can manage. 

"Good girl. Now just lie there and let me fuck your mouth." 

You grasp my hair tighter and start to move, slowly out, and I can feel the ridge of your cock as it glides past the very back of my tongue. I time my breathing with your rhythm, inhaling when you pull back, licking your shaft as you push your way back into my throat, and then exhaling on the next backstroke. You moan your pleasure aloud, whispering words of encouragement as you start to pump faster, each stroke taking you deeper into my throat. 

"That's it, baby. You love my cock, don't you, you hungry little slut? You love having your mouth fucked, used like the fucktoy you are. You like being my dirty little girl? I know you do. When I'm done fucking your throat, I'm going to work as many fingers as I can into that tight little pussy and make you squirt for me. That's my girl...mmm, yeah. I fucking love the way you suck my cock, baby."

I shift just a bit to give you better access, and that's all the encouragement you need. You hold my head in a vise grip, and now your cock is all the way in my mouth, the skin of your balls rubbing my nose. At this point, there is no way I can time my breathing with your thrusts, and I struggle to keep up, trying my best to continue licking along your shaft as you plunder the depths of my mouth. You shift your hands now, cradling the back of my head with one while the other moves along my throat so you can feel your cock sliding in and out. Your hand begins to tighten ever so slightly on the tender flesh of my neck, and suddenly it's as if someone has attached electrodes to my pussy. I can feel the juices running down my ass crack now, and I ache to touch my clit, but not yet. No, this is your time, and I am here for your pleasure. I relax, content in the knowledge that you will soon take very good care of me. 

Your breathing becomes more shallow, almost ragged as you fuck my face faster, your orgasm looming. Instinctively, I moan my desire, and that's all it takes. "Hungry, baby? You want my come, don't you, pretty girl? You want my load down your throat?" Another sound from me: a low, needy growl, and your hands move back to the sides of my head, fingers tangled in my hair, gripping, holding me there, and you're ready to explode. You push further into my throat than even I thought possible as your release overtakes you. You grit your teeth, grunt loudly, and time stands still as wave after wave of your come jets down my throat. I reach up and take the base of your cock in my hand, squeezing from the root up the length of your shaft, and pull back, running my tongue along the still-hard flesh. As my tongue snakes across that sensitive spot on the underside of your cock, you jump a little, and I smile, loving the fact that you're putty in my hands right now. 

I continue working your cock with my hand - long, slow, deliberate squeezes up the entire length, hoping for a glistening pearl to emerge from the head. I emit that sound you love - the one that drives you crazy...the pouty, needy little whimper-moan that never fails to stiffen your cock – and you are finally able to talk. "What's wrong, baby? Not enough come for my hungry little slut?"

"Oh, there was plenty of come; I just didn't get to taste it because it went down my throat!"

"There's always next time, doll...now, c'mere. Bring that needy little pussy to me. No, not like that. Up. On all fours. I want it in my face."

I can feel how wet I am as I assume the position you've commanded, and my clit is on fire before you even touch me. This pose makes me feel extra vulnerable and exposed, and you're well aware of it; that's part of the attraction for you. The other benefit is that you have better access to me; my pussy is wide open and ready for your ministrations. 

You exhale slowly, and though your breath is hot against my skin, a shiver runs along the length of my spine. "What's this?" you ask playfully, running just the very tip of your finger along my outer folds. A soft moan escapes my lips – a long, drawn-out sigh of a moan that urges you to continue your exploration. "This," you say, "this looks like a hungry little fuckhole. Am I right?"

"Yes," I manage to utter. 

"Yes, what? Tell me, slut." I can hear the taunt in your voice.

"Yes, it's a hungry little fuckhole."

"Good girl. Now, tell me what it's hungry for."

"Your fingers, your tongue...anything. Please?"

"Ooh, spoiled little princess said 'please' even. That must mean you really need it. Do you, baby? Do you need to come?"

"Mmhmm." I wiggle my ass in anticipation.

Without warning, you plunge two fingers inside me, to the hilt. There's no resistance because I am literally dripping by now. I gasp at the unexpected move, instinctively pushing back against you, inviting you to probe deeper. You curl your fingers to hit my g-spot, rubbing gently up and down, side to side, applying more pressure every few seconds. Just as I'm getting used to the sensation and beginning to settle into your rhythm, you pull your fingers out of me. A groan of frustration hisses out of me, and you're suddenly there, beside me, your fingers probing my mouth.

"Suck your pussy juice off me. Tell me how good it tastes before I lick it myself." This elicits a growl from deep in my throat. You know how much I love to taste my own juices. You force your fingers into my mouth and I suck them hungrily, swirling my tongue around the same way I did with your cock just moments before. 

"Good girl. Clean them off. Get all that sweet cunt juice off my fingers, baby. Now, tell me how it tastes."

"Mmm...it tastes sweet," I practically purr. "May I have some more, please?" You arch your eyebrow; I can see your eyes twinkle in the candlelight. "You are a hungry little girl tonight, aren't you, baby? Such a good, sweet little slut." 

You snake your arm back down between my legs and gather more of my wetness onto your fingers, stopping to squeeze my clit between them before bringing them back to my waiting lips. Rather than depositing them back into my mouth, however, you spread the liquid across my lips, running your fingers slowly back and forth across my mouth. Just as I am getting ready to stick out my tongue to taste the gift you've bestowed upon me, you lean in and kiss me fiercely, rough enough to take me by surprise. The stubble on your face is like sandpaper on my smooth skin, but it doesn't bother me; rather, the hint of pain urges me on, and I return your ferocity, reaching up to grasp the back of your neck to pull you in closer to me. My passion fuels yours, and yours, in turn, brings mine to a fever pitch. 

Our kisses are like a beautifully choreographed ballet in which the dancers can anticipate each other's moves. Tongues flick, dart, and probe in time, lips insist on attention of their own, teeth find purchase and tug, nips alternatingly gentle or rough. You could draw blood and I wouldn't flinch, though.

Suddenly you're gone again, and you reappear behind me, lifting my hips to your mouth, fingers digging violently into the flesh of my thighs. Your tongue finds my clit and you suck it tenderly between your lips, stroking it with your tongue even as you pull me to you. I've heard men say that their technique for making a woman come with their mouths involves tracing the alphabet on her clit, and a thought flashes through my mind that if you're writing something now, surely it's the most delightfully dirty composition ever known to man. 

Fingers again. Curling down to hit that spot. Rougher this time, though, insistent...on a mission of sorts. Sinking into my wet hole again and again, battering my g-spot with an intoxicating message of lust, begging it to answer in kind. I push back against you, canting my hips to allow you to probe deeper, and you respond by adding a third finger. I love that feeling of being filled, and I moan as you explore deep into me with your fingers, the angle, pressure, and sheer girth of them conspiring to send my body into shockwaves of bliss. 

"Come on, baby. I want to feel that hungry little pussy tighten on my fingers. Make her come for me. Make her squirt like a good little girl. That's it...right...there." You work into me harder, faster, and your fingers are like a battering ram inside me. Nothing else exists in the world at this moment – just your fingers in my pussy and your voice in my ear. "Squeeze my fingers. Do it now. Gonna come for me? Gonna be my good little slut? Come on...I know you can. Spray me with your come. I said 'Now'."

Then, the tingle. The official signal from my g-spot that if you keep doing what you're doing, you're going to get wet. "Right there. That's it. Please don't stop. Please keep fucking me. Fuck, I'm so close!"

You seal the deal by getting up on your knees behind me so that you can get better leverage. Your new position changes the angle of attack somewhat, and just as I can feel the walls of my pussy begin to tighten around your fingers, you swat me on the ass with your other hand. I whimper, and you know I love it. "Want it again? Do you?"

"Yes, please!"

"Stick that ass up here for me." Slap! I can feel the handprint blossoming red on my ass cheek "Now come."

And I do. The tingle becomes a full-fledged alarm, taking me over completely. "Yes. There. FuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckFUCK!" As I give myself over to the current of my climax, I push back against it, and your fingers are expelled from my pussy as a stream of juice splashes your hip and thigh. I cry out in pleasure now, a stream of purely unintelligible words and syllables emitting from me like so much babble, but I don't care. You don't understand a thing I say until the one word you wanted to hear comes: "More?"

I feel your sardonic grin as you slide a pillow under my hips and then pin me with the weight of your body. Three fingers again, hard, fast, insistent. The second time never takes long after you've pounded my g-spot into submission. "Gonna come again, baby? Gonna make that little pussy squirt all over me again? Come on. Now, you fucking gorgeous little slut!"

Again, my g-spot sounds the alarm, and again I push back. I'm still screaming from the first orgasm, the aftershocks still making me shudder, but no words will come, just sounds strung together like pearls. "Theretherethere...yes!" And you're soaked again, the sounds of your fingers plunging into me all but drowned out by the sound of passion's song. 

I collapse onto the bed then, exhausted even though I haven't really done anything, and I can still feel my pussy twitching as I lie there. A few seconds pass, and I turn to look at you. Serious look on your face, and I look at you quizzically. "What?"

"Um...I think we have a problem," you answer. 

"How could there possibly be a problem?"

You glance down, and my eyes follow yours...all the way to the source of the supposed trouble...your cock, standing at attention yet again. 

You look back into my eyes and grin, "Any ideas?"

"Hmm...a few, perhaps." I smile as you lean back in to kiss me, and the dance begins again.