 *As always, another fantasy from my overactive and inappropriate imagination. Everyone is legal age, and the characters are characters and not real people lol. Not sure I'd really call this romantic, but I guess that'll depend on how you define your romance. Comments welcome - abusive ones will be deleted. Hope you enjoy.*

***

Sometimes it's just about need: nothing deeper, nothing more, definitely nothing less. Sometimes humanity and civility fade and you're left with a simple, primal desire. It can be nearly overwhelming in its intensity, can make you throw caution and consequences to the wind, and lead you to do things you'd never do when thinking straight. Sure there can be other factors at play; How long have you had to go without? How worked up has the other person made you? Have they teased you? You see what I'm getting at. This, the story I'm about to tell, is the result of a wonderful -- or disastrous -- confluence of events that let to a perfect storm of arousal, sensuality, and sex. 

First, let me lay out the unknowns, the background detritus that put my head into such a place. One, I was horny! Bluntly put I know, but a two or more month dry spell had definitely had its effect. Arousal and desire had been steadily climbing, rising to nearly uncontrollable levels. My world-view had narrowed with my frustration, seemingly becoming a mishmash of gorgeous ass and amazing tits. I wanted release and self-fulfillment was just not cutting it anymore. Two, I was attracted to her. Oh lord, was I attracted to her. Something about her personality drew me like a proverbial moth to the flame; bubbly, friendly and yet sensual with a hint of mischievousness. She was one of those rare people who just led a wandering mind to naughty places -- and mine was always happy to chase the rabbit down that particular hole. Three, she had been teasing me all day. She'd admitted she'd hoped to see me as she thought I'd enjoy her look -- short skirt, a bit of cleavage and a hint of lace, make-up perfect. She had me pegged pretty damn well. Every time we'd crossed paths I felt my blood pressure rise, my arousal rise a notch or two, and based on the blush that coloured her cheeks when she met my eyes, apparently she realized it. 

So with that all set in your mind, let's jump ahead. Jump ahead of a long and frustrating day of wonderous flirting, teasing, and, oh so painful, denial. We'll jump to those later hours when darkness had fallen, doors had been locked, and co-workers had gone home, when privacy had been attained. Yes, let's resume our story there, in that odd limbo time of tranquility that comes at the end of a long day. Alone in the back office, the lights dimmed as we gather our things, I look over at her. She's bent at the desk, the fabric of her skirt tight across her beautiful ass -- my pulse quickens. Tearing my eyes away from that little piece of heaven I do my best to focus on what I'm doing -- no use! My eyes drift back and I blush at the thoughts that play through my mind. Moving closer, my hands massage gently across her lower back and up her spine -- a part of my brain screaming at my presumption, predicting my nearly guaranteed termination. She stiffens at my touch for a moment and I massage deeper, relaxing her trepidation even as I do my best to silence the recesses of my own mind. I'm fucked now I realize, might as well commit.

My massage pushes firmer, actually doing its job as it chases away the stresses of her day. She relaxes and a little moan escapes her lips as she settles more comfortably across the desk, arms crossed to support her head. My hands work higher into her back, shoulders and up to her neck. Of course, moving higher means moving closer and soon I'm pressed up against that glorious ass. A moment of embarrassment as the realization of how close I am sends a little spasm through my now hardening cock. I'm sure she noticed; there's no way she couldn't have. But she doesn't pull away. She doesn't turn and slap me. She doesn't threaten to get me fired. No, the sum of her reaction was a brief stiffening and immediate relaxing. Reassured, I leaned in. I used the need to reach as I continued to massage her scalp as my excuse for pressing my hardness against the crack of her ass. Sensations flooded through me -- the feel of her firm cheeks cradling my hard-on, accentuated by the softness of silky hair between my fingers -- all the while she simply groaned in pleasure. 

When she first pushed back against me I thought I was imagining it. Thought my mind was playing tricks on me and that my wishful thinking had finally overwhelmed my sense of reality. But no, there was no denying it. She really was pushing back against me, pushing her ass against my shaft and teasingly starting to grind against me. My own little moan made her giggle and I playfully slapped her bottom. She gasped in surprise, but didn't stop her grinding. If anything she pushed back harder. Slapping her bottom again, she let out another little groan of pleasure and an evil smile crossed my lips as I pulled her head back by her hair and spanked her harder. There was no doubting the pleasure this achieved as she moaned and wriggled. 

With that kind of reaction, I knew I only had one course of action ahead of me. Spanking her again and again, each cupped impact rewarded with a new moan of pleasure. When I finally paused she began to straighten, but I wasn't done yet and a firm hand on her lower back laid her across the desk before I reached for the hem of her skirt and exposed her thong-clad bottom. Her cheeks were full and firm, presented well by the strip of dark fabric that continued to conceal her other charms, and honestly, I nearly came right there -- so long I'd dreamt of this. Caressing her, hands fondling and kneading as I slowly explored that soft, smooth flesh. She jumped when one adventurous finger brushed against the fabric-clad mound of her pussy. She again tried to rise. This time the hand I put on her back was followed by a hard, cupped spank across her bare cheek. 

She yelped in surprise and I couldn't help but smile at the red mark I'd left behind. A second spank and then a third continued to colour her bottom and soon she was gasping for air. Enjoying myself thoroughly, I allowed myself to play between spanks, my hand following the valley between her cheeks, exploring and teasing. She jumped when my fingers, slipping beneath the fabric of her thong, circled lightly around the tight rosebud of her sphincter. Another spank followed that quickly. By the time I'd worked my way back down to her pussy, she was so wet and aroused, the fabric of her thong was damp and I pushed it aside to stroke my fingers gently across her labia. She moaned and fidgeted as I explored and teased through every fold. Every now and again I had to remind her to be still -- her cheeks were becoming nicely red. 

My teasing fingers eventually found her clit, the little nub rising to meet me. She nearly came when I first flicked across it. More attention to that little button had her writhing across the desk as her first orgasm hit her by surprise. She bucked against me, a moan of pleasure tearing from her throat as she arched her back and her muscles stiffened. I gave her a moment, allowed her to enjoy the shivers that wracked her body for several moments. Then, as her first little climax slowly faded, I dove deeply into her slit. Two fingers spread her well-lubed lips, meeting no resistance as they plunged into her. She was caught by surprise and I had to press a hand hard against her back to keep her relatively still. Little gasps, barely intelligible told me that she didn't think she was ready for more. Hooking my fingers, I began slow, long strokes of her g-spot to see if she was actually correct. I hoped she wasn't. Writhing and bucking she fought against me as I continued to finger-fuck her. She shivered and groaned with each stroke. Little pauses between strokes allowed the briefest of reprieves as I struggled to keep her just this side of the edge of 'too much'. Mini-orgasms hit her again and again as I played, but I managed to slowly build her back up with each touch. With effort she finally managed to calm her breathing, finally managed to relax despite the intensity I was doing my best to kindle to a fire in her pussy. 

Listening to her body as best I could, I tried to be patient as I played. Finally, I decided, it was time. Faster, intense strokes slipped across her g. Her breathing quickened to match my pace -- a good sign indeed. It wouldn't be long now. Faster and faster I played and stroked. My fingers worked her body sensation building on sensation as I pushed and stroked her towards her crescendo. 

When it hit, there was no denying it. Every muscle in her body seized. She bellowed out her pleasure. Her vagina clamped down on my fingers, holding them tightly in place. Fluids poured down her thighs. It was so spectacularly sexy to watch, even more knowing I caused it. She lasted like that for a time that seemed to lose meaning for her and for me. I had no idea how long her climax actually lasted, but I knew the moment it passed. She collapsed into near unconsciousness, her whole body sagging against the desk. 

Always the gentleman, I pulled her skirt back down to cover her beautiful, if somewhat abused ass, fixing it as best I could. My ministrations must have brought her back to the moment and she looked back at me as she pushed up from the desk. "Your turn," she whispered. I laughed. 

"I don't know that you're up for it." 

"But you are," she teased as she cupped the large bulge in my pants. I was more than up for it. Hell, I was desperate for it. Even that brief touch, nearly caused me catastrophic failure and it was all I could do not to explode right there. She must have read my mind as I shifted away from her touch. "Sorry about that," she soothed. "Let's take care of that," she added as she sat back on the desk and slowly unbuttoned her blouse. Her bra matched her thong. I knew it would, I just had a feeling. With a mischievous little wink, she lay back across the desk and slowly brought her knees up, spreading her legs as she did and giving me what was perhaps the most wonderful view of her thoroughly soaked thong. "Well," she asked as I stared drooling. "Oh, and I don't care about this underwear."

Her words took a moment to register through my lust-addled brain, but by the time I'd freed my cock from the nearly painful confines of my clothes I'd understood her meaning. Grabbing the delicate lace fabric, I made short work of tearing it from her, exposing the artful folds of her labia still glistening with moisture. Her position, exposed and displayed, seductive in its own primal way, called to something deep within me, some inner beast and all thoughts of foreplay or pacing were lost before they formed. 

Plunging my cock into her pussy in one deep, long motion I buried myself to my balls in that warm wet heaven. Her moan of pleasure as I entered her was lost behind my own grunt of satisfaction. Catching her hips I pulled her tighter against me, angling her slightly for deeper, tighter penetration before I began fucking her in earnest. Each stroke came hard and fast. Each stroke I could hear my balls slapping against her ass. She moaned and writhed as I did my best to skewer her and that primal beast inside me loved watching her. Reaching forward mid-stroke I tore the lace of her bra freeing her tits and exposing her further. In that moment I felt like a god, sacrificing my willing victim on the altar of sex, skewering her with a knife of my own flesh. Grunting with effort, I thrust again and again. I roughly pinched her nipples, enjoying the answering cry of pleasure, while she clawed her nails down my shoulders and arms. 

Lifting her ankles to my shoulders, I managed to plunge even deeper into her abused and tormented pussy. I caught hold of her wrists. Holding her so my thrusts didn't push her away. On some level, I was aware of the head of my cock smacking against the back of her cunt, knew I was bottoming out inside her. But still I wanted deeper and harder. My breathing came fast as I pounded into her. She cried and groaned with each thrust as my own climax mounted.

I came with a roar, an explosion of all that was in me! Load after load of cum exploding into her tender pussy as months of frustration were released in that one perfect moment. Her own smaller climax hit as my semen splashed against her walls. Her pussy began clamping and quivering against me, her vaginal muscles gripping my shaft, before releasing then gripping again as she helped me empty my balls inside her. Time seemed to stand still as ecstasy released energy and all that mattered was that one moment, that one connection. 

All to soon, the moment was over. Drained and exhausted, I nearly collapsed on top of her. She reached up and pulled me down to her, holding me close, kissing me while my cock slowly shrank inside her while our fluids pooled on the desk. 

Fuck, I needed that.