 O. K. Over the last couple of years I have sat down here at least a dozen times to tell my story. I have read a lot of stories on this and several other sites. (some of them are supposed to be true) I do not know of a site that does not require 'everyone' to be over the age of 18, Sorry! but real life just doesn't happen like that. I really don't know why I feel compelled to tell my story unless its that none of the stories I have read is anything like mine. Or comes even close.

I am a woman now 63 years of age and my libido is through the roof. I now weigh 20 pounds more then when I married. and this is my story.

I married my high school sweetheart six months after I graduated. Somehow I had managed to keep my virginity until I married. Robert, Rob to most people Robbie to me was a year ahead of me and had gotten a job in real estate. 

About three months after I graduated I got a job at a one man law firm. I was girl 'Friday'. Mr. Wilkins was a wonderful man and I really loved my job.

Robbie and I married and moved into an apartment. With my regular salary, and Robbie's commissions (witch were sporadic) we were able to save a little each month

Our sex life was great! The first year we made love all the time. We fucked like rabbits. Even though Robbie's job required him to work some evenings, and most weekends. Even if I was asleep Robbie would wake me up, and we would make love, really make love, and wind up fucking a couple of times. Then always in the mornings we would fuck again. 

After a couple of years it began to taper off until I was lucky to get it once a week. I had become so accustomed to having my orgasms on a regular bases I was constantly in a state of horniness. I thought about getting a dildo but if Robbie ever found it I would have died. 

One day at the grocery store I was getting some vegetables, when I suddenly realized that zucchini and cucumbers would make a great substitute for a dick. So, I was able to take care of myself for the most part. 

Then after being on the job for about three years Mr. Wilkins decided to retire. He gave me six months severance pay, witch I thought was more then fair. I admit that I went a little bit wild and spent money I really should have saved. Robbie was really great about giving me his checks and he got an allowance for his expenses. I paid all the bills. After all I was in charge of an office paying all of those bills, so it only made sense for me to pay our bills. It worked quite well until. I had been unable to get another job. After several months The money Mr. Wilkins had given me and our savings were gone. On the first when the rent was due I went to our landlord and told him that I was not able to pay the rent. I ask him if there wasn't something I could do around the office to at least make enough money to pay the rent. He said that he took care of everything himself. We talked for a while then when I was about to leave he said,

"Mrs. Baker there is one position that I have an opening."

I quickly said,

"I'll take it!" 

"Mr. Oran said,

"it is the position of mistress!"

"WHAT?" 

"it is the position of mistress." 

"do you mean you want me to be your mistress?" 

"that is the only position I have open." 

"I don't think so!" 

As I was going out the door Mr. Oran said,

"you have ten days grace then I expect the rent." 

The next ten days were pure hell! If we had to move, where would we move to? And we would have to come up with the first and last months rent plus the security deposit. 

What bothered me the most was that Robbie would lose confidence in me. Slowly it began to settle in on me that I only had one option. 

On the tenth I went back to see Mr. Oran and again ask him if there wasn't 'something' I could do to earn some money? Again he indicated that he didn't know of anything other then his offer. I ask him if the position of mistress was still open? 

"As a mater of fact it is. Are you interested in applying for that position?"

"yes, do you want me here on your desk?" 

He looked quite shocked and said,

"Oh my no, I will come to your apartment lets say next Tuesday at 11:00 AM. Will that work for you?" 

"yes, that will be fine."

Tuesday morning I had doubts, butterflies, jitters, and just about everything else you could imagine.

What if Robbie ever found out? I threw up then had to brush my teeth and the mouth wash. How does a mistress dress? I had no idea what I should wear. So I wound up wearing a robe with nothing underneath. I wanted to make it as convenient as possible, hoping it wouldn't take very long.

Mr. Oran was right on time. I opened the door and he stepped inside and I closed the door, then turned to look at him. Would you believe, he was holding a bouquet of flowers. I could not help smiling.

As I took the flowers, and went into the kitchen to get a vase. Mr. Oran stood quietly as I put the flowers in the vase and then faced him. He then reached out slowly and undid the belt to my robe, and pulled it apart. I detected a sharp intake of breath as he looked at me. I know what he was looking at. I am quite proud of my body. My tits are a full 'b' cone shaped. My belly is flat and I have a lush growth of pubic hair. 

Then he said,

"Mrs. Baker I want you to have the opportunity to back out of our deal. This is the last chance"

I stood looking at him for what seamed like forever, thinking about what was about to happen. I then reached out and took his hand and led him to the bedroom. 

Mr. Oran was a very gentle, and considerate lover. I thought that being a mistress meant he would just get on and thrust until he cum and that would be the end of that. But it wasn't like that at all. 

He took off my robe and lay me on the bed, and then he began to get undressed. I lay there watching him undress, still thinking, what in the world am I doing? Then he lay beside me and very gently kissed me, then again, and again. then down to my tits. He licked, kissed, and sucked, first one then the other. I'm not sure when it happened, but there was a finger in my pussy. He was kissing my body all over. My arms, my legs, my back, the inside of my thighs, then he was kissing my pussy! Robbie is very conventional when it comes to sex, and I was much the same way. I couldn't understand why Mr. Oran would even want to kiss my pussy. I really didn't know what he was doing.

I know that in less then two minutes I started cumming. I don't think I had ever cum that hard. Then he moved up over me and I reached down to guide his dick into my pussy. He really took his time. 

I know he was enjoying it, and then I felt another orgasm starting to rise and, I began to thrust back against him, and then I was over the top, humping, moaning and groaning and that is when he drove his dick into me as deep as he could get it and started pulsing and shooting his cum into me.

We lay for some time, both of us trying to get our breath. Then we got up and Mr. Oran got dressed, and I put on my robe.

We sat in the kitchen and talked. Mr. Oran ask me if I wanted to continue to be his mistress. That he had been very pleased with me. I ask him what he had in mind. 

He said that he thought every other Tuesday would be sufficient to take care of the rent. 

We talked some more and I ask him if there wasn't something I could do to earn some money? He said that he would try to think of something. 

As we approached the front door he put his arms around me and kissed me deeply like lovers kiss. Then he reached under my robe and cupped my mound slipping a finger inside my pussy. He then said that he would be smelling that finger all the way back to his office. I had to smile. 

I then stripped the bed, and washed the sheets, and aired out the room.

That is how it began. But a couple of months later, Mr Oran told me one day that he had a friend of many years who had lost his wife several years ago, and if I wanted him too he would introduce him to me. 

I asked him, "What are you talking about?" 

He told me that his friend could visit me on the Tuesdays that he didn't, and he would guarantee that his friend would be quite generous. 

I was shocked, and said, 

"No, I really don't think so!" 

Mr Oran said, "Look, I know you enjoy our get-together almost as much as I do. Trust me, your pussy won't wear out, it will only get better. Why not have some fun with it?" 

I thought about what Mr. Oran had said. Yes, it's true. I had become a bought woman. What difference does it make if I trade sex for rent, or trade sex for money.

I am a whore!

I cried for several days. But facts are facts, and a little bit of a whore is still a whore! 

Two weeks later, I asked Mr Oran if he still wanted to introduce his friend to me, and he smiled.

"Are you sure you won't mind your friend fucking me?" 

"Not at all," he responded.. 

The following week, Mr Oran brought his friend by to meet me. He left us alone. His friend's name was Chester and he was really quite nice. We talked for about an hour, about just about everything. 

Chester said, "I think I need to tell you something." 

I just sat and looked at him. He stood up, and unzipped his pants, and let them fall. His shorts were next. Out from under his shirt came the biggest dick I had ever seen. I just sat there looking at it. I reached out and took it in my hand. Actually, I let it lay in my hand. As I handled it, it began to get hard. 

I said to Chester, "I doubt very much if this will fit into my pussy."

He said, "I know, that is always a problem, but if you will just rub the head up and down between your lips it will feel so good."

I stood up, and put my foot on the chair, and started rubbing the head against my pussy. It felt really good, and pretty soon my pussy was very wet. After a little, I put the head against my opening.

I whispered, "Push a little bit." 

He pushed and, using both of my hands pulling his dick, I thrust myself over the head. Damn! That hurt, but I held on. I had the head and maybe an inch of the shaft inside me, so I just kept holding on. After a minute or so it didn't hurt so much, and I was thinking about trying to get a little more in me. 

Before I could do anything, I heard Chester say, 

"Oh NO! I'm going to cum!"

His dick was swelling up and throbbing as he shot spurt after spurt into my pussy. I was so glad he didn't try to shove it deeper into me. I held his dick in my pussy for a couple of minutes until it began to get soft.

Afterwards, Chester, and I talked. He told me if I could get my pussy to take all of his dick I could count on a thousand dollars every time. 

I knew I had my work cut out for me. I bought the biggest cucumbers I could find, and pretty soon, I was able to take all of Chester's monster dick inside of me.

I am sure that it was during this time with Mr. Oran, and Chester, that I became addicted to 'dick'. Every time Mr. Oran fucked me, I would have several orgasms. And Chester. When Chester's dick was in me, I was filled as full as I could be, and I would have very powerful, long lasting orgasms. Sometimes, when I cum on Chester's dick, I would go a little crazy, screaming, and hollering, telling him how good it was. I began to look forward to my Tuesday appointments. Monday I could think of little else, and by Tuesday 11:00 am my pussy would be soppy.

Suddenly, all the money had been replaced in our savings, and I was adding about eighteen hundred dollars every month.

I felt really guilty about telling Robbie, that Mr. Oran had found me some work with a friend of his. I said, it's not steady work. I am doing it on a contract basis, so I don't work all the time, but when I do work, it pays really good

Delete

#yiv107141834 .yiv107141834ExternalClass .yiv107141834ecxhmmessage P {padding:0px;} #yiv107141834 .yiv107141834ExternalClass body.yiv107141834ecxhmmessage {font-size:10pt;font-family:Tahoma;} About three years after I had met Chester, Robbie called and said he wanted to take me out to dinner, and for me to get dressed up, because he wanted to take me some place nice.

At dinner Robbie told me that he had found us a house, and he wanted me to look at it the next day. 

The next day we looked at the house. It was just perfect. We got so excited Robbie lay me on the floor, and we fucked like newly weds. We went home, and fucked some more. As we lay resting, trying to get our breath, Robbie said, 

"WOW!, I will tell you one thing woman. If you ever sell your pussy, don't sell it cheep, because you have the best pussy in the world". 

And here I was worried that he could tell I had been fucking Chester's monster dick.

We bought the house, and moved. 

I said goodbye to Mr. Oran, and to Chester. Chester really took it hard. He said that he just knows he will never find another pussy that can take all of his dick. 

But such is life, we move on!

Robbie suggested that now that we have our own home, and that his income had improved to the point that I no longer needed to work, he thought we should start a family. I agreed, So I went off the pill, and sure enough six months later I got pregnant, and nine months later a fine young man. Robbie refused to name him Jr, because he said that is exactly what his name would become, 'junior'. So we settled for Jeff. Jeff was almost four years old when I got pregnant again, and delivered a beautiful little girl. Robbie said that she was the spitting image of me. We decided on Mary.

I don't know where the next six years went to. All the activity with the new house, and the baby, toddler, young boy, and wham!, Jeff was starting school. Jeff's first day at school, I wondered around the house not quite knowing what to do with myself. I even lay down with Mary, and took a nap! I also thought, now I can do some reading, so I did. Sure enough, my very first read involved some very erotic situations, and I began to get horny. I put my hand between my legs, and got myself off, but I continued to be horny, so I went to the kitchen, but I couldn't find anything that I could use. That is when I made a decision. I was only getting it about once a month now, sometimes not even then. So, I got dressed, loaded up Mary, and went to the grocery store. I vowed to never again be short of vegetables.

Then Mary started to school, and I had even more time to myself. Every single day I would masturbate (sometimes two, or three times) using various veggies. Many times I would think about Chester's dick, and what it did for me, and I would cum long and hard. In a way, I really missed Chester.

Robbie was a wonderful husband, and father but he just didn't seam to need sex like I did.

Of course I was a good parent, attending every function of Jeff's, and Mary's school. Most of the time by myself, Because of the demands of Robbie's job, but not always. Robbie would be there every time he could. 

From the very first Jeff seamed to be a natural athlete, and was involved in soccer, baseball, and football mostly. I was 'SO' proud of him! When Jeff was 12 years old he went through a growth spurt, growing 9 inches in nine months, making him just a hair over 6' and 190 lbs. He played short stop on his baseball team, and I thought he was just the best ever.

Most days I had to myself until jeff's, or Mary's extracurricular activities began. Then I was ether a soccer mom, or a baseball mom, or football mom. Sometimes Robbie would be able to join me, and then I wanted to be an milf. One evening, Robbie told me that watching me jump up and down, watching my tits bounce got him so horny, he couldn't wait to get me home. I think those were the times I lived for, but they became fewer, and fewer. I shouldn't complain, because Robbie was making really good money, and taking very good care of us.

These are the things that impacted my life. But thinking back, I think probably the biggest impact was when my aunt (mothers sister) died. She had been fighting cancer for several years, and I think she finally just gave up. Of course I had to go to the funeral. Robbie could not go because he was working on several rather large deals, so the decision was made that I would take Jeff, and Mary. 

It was a 10 hour drive, so we left early, and got there that evening. The funeral was at 10:00 o'clock the next morning, with lunch at the church. This put us leaving about 2:00 in the afternoon. We figured we would just drive strait through, getting home around midnight. 

Well, you know how the best laid plans go! There was something on the highway, and I ran over it, and it punched a tire. Jeff changed out the spare, so we could get to the next town. Then we had to buy a new tire, and have it installed, and in this little one horse town that took a lot of time. We went to a little restaurant, and while eating we decided to get a room, and continue our drive in the morning.

Just our luck, the motel only had one room with a double bed. We took it, as by now it was getting late. I ask the motel manager for a cot, but was informed that they were all in use.

So, ok, you make do. 

We all got ready for bed, and all three of us crawled into that double bed. Of course I was in the middle. It wasn't something we had discussed, or anything, it just happened that way. I don't know if I went to sleep, or not, but if I did, I must have been awakened because Jeff had an erection that was poking my butt. I tried to shift around so it wouldn't poke me, but after a while I gave up. But then I couldn't get back to sleep, and I realized that jeff was also trying to keep his dick away from me, but he wasn't having any luck ether. I whispered, 

'Jeff', 

"yes mom" 

Then I didn't know what to say, so ended up saying,

"Put it between my legs."

As I said this I raised up my left leg so he could. He had to hike up my gown so he could get his dick between my legs, and I thought that would take care of the problem.

There we lay! And I am starting to realize how many mistakes I had made, because Jeff's dick is now between my legs, right against my pussy. I should have worn panties to sleep in, but then I was not in the habit of wearing underwear to bed. Jeff's dick was right against my pussy, and every once in a while I could feel it pulse. I was thinking how in the world am I ever going to get to sleep. It had been several days sense I had had the opportunity to masturbate, and my body was beginning to respond to the stimulation I was feeling between my legs. I could also tell that Jeff seamed to be having trouble going to sleep. I don't know if it was just my imagination, but it seemed like Jeff's dick was beginning to throb more often, and I was getting downright horny. I tried to lay very still, and not think about it, but that is all I could think about. 

"mom I'm going to cum!".

" Oh my God!, you can't cum in the bed! Quick! stick it in here"

As I raised my left leg, and reached down, and pushed the head of his dick into my pussy. Just as I did, Jeff thrust forward, and started cumming. He cum, and cum. and cum. I really tried not to, but my body betrayed me, and I exploded in a massive orgasm, thrusting back against his dick, moaning, groaning, and I think saying something like Oh, God, I'm cumming.

As I came back to my senses, I realized Jeff had hold of my hips, and was making long slow thrusts. I know I should stop him, but it just felt so good. I guess my mind just kind of went numb, and I let him. Then my body took over again, and I started cumming again, just as Jeff Thrust into me all the way, and started cumming again. Then we just lay still for a long time. Always before when a man cum in me, he would get soft, so I kept waiting for Jeff's dick to get soft, but it didn't. it stayed very hard, and was still throbbing. I was afraid he would start thrusting again. So, After a while I whispered to Jeff that he should pull out, and get out of bed, so I could get out without wakening up Mary. I cupped my hand over my pussy to keep Jeff's semen from running out, and slipped into the bathroom. 
