 I had to wait a few days before I could visit the little shop again. My welts lead to bruising but no real pain lingered. Luckily Gran doesn't notices much while she goes about her routines. I almost run into the shop just slowing myself down at the door as to not scare the crone who owns it. She turns from dusting a shelf at my entry, a smile playing across her face in recognition. "Oh good you made it back and with Earth's mark if I am not mistaken."

The ghosts of lashes and vines holding me play over my body, "Yes she did and I am glad for it." I dig the wand out of my bag, but she stops me. 

"No that is between you both now and is yours to keep. Though if you are ready, the last element can be gained now." Setting down her rag she leads me over to a new section. This one dominated by wind catchers, glass items and light fabrics. 

I start browsing knowing now that I'll find it when I feel it. Many of the items are beautiful but nothing is pulling me until I get to the wall, my focus is drawn up and I feel her bristle behind me. High on the top above the shelf is a dusty bottle I can barely see but I know it's my choice. "That one on top," turning back towards her.

Her face holds a grimace, "Are you sure of that choice," motioning towards the other pieces of the collection, "There's more to choose from."

I am startled, she has never questioned my pick before but once again the only pull is from the dusty bottle on top, "No I'm sorry it's only that one."

Heavily she sighs, "You do have odder choices from one who is so new, but perhaps you will be good for it." She located a chair but I went up for it, not wanting her to fall. The bottle was more beautiful than it appeared from below. Blown glass with a sliver iridescent in it, thicker around at the base that thins to meet a rounded stopper at the top. Inside seemed to have a bit of sand, not from the sea but of a desert. 

The crone placed her hand on my arm, my eyes drawn into hers, "This is not the easiest of elementals, it will reflect back in what you bring to it. Trust only yourself and ask for little, they are known to be sly in all ways but services well enough if treated kindly." She looked sadly at the bottle, "This one wasn't treated gently with the last." My heart radiated with her sadness but I knew I had to try, nodding along. "I believe in you, for air you will need to find a place where the wind can move freely. For you circle I recommend using a piece of ash from your first fire, a fine way to close the circle."

Carefully I hugged her, "Thank you for your guidance, I will return after receiving Air's mark if I earn it." She nodded and lead me to the door a troubled look still eating at her, but unwilling to voice more. 

Slightly troubled I waited a few days more before going about my ritual. Returning to my original cave I find the burn out fire to be still undisturbed, happily I grab some of the ash before moving down the coast to find a good location. Far down I find caves that have many wind whipped holes that serve me well.

I make a large black circle before taking out the bottle. I carefully placed the bottle in the middle of the circle unstopped the top. Instantly it was as if the wind blew over a hot dry desert, it calmed quickly and once I got my hair out of my face I noticed him. He stood just my height with lean muscle and a slight frame, golden skin with a dark shaggy hair almost covering his lowered eyes. His long eyelashes fanning over his cheeks, "You freed me my lady witch. I am at your service." As he bowed forward his silk pants flowed over his legs and tightened on his bottom. 

I blushed at his greeting so formal, as though I was a real lady of the court and not just a silly girl becoming a witch of all things. "No thank you and know you have only the circle's rules of not harming me, but you can freely leave at anytime, though I hope you stay." I fussed at my dress hoping I was saying the right things. 

"I only want to do your bidding, to bring you some piece of happiness and perhaps pride if you so choose to allow me to please you." His voice soft and subservient, but with a silkiness that made my heart want to reach out to him. 

"You don't have to do my bidding, if you only want to make me happy you just have to follow your amusement." His eyes flashed lightly in the cave, more cunning this time. 

"It will be my joy to care for you," he circled behind me, his strong hands moved over my back. "I can feel the knots Earth left in your muscles, let me work to loosen those out." I went to lay on my cloak and he gently tisked at me before I undressed to expose my body still lightly bruised though much healed from that experience. "Earth can be rough, but air is kinder, as I hope you will find me." His hands moved from almost so soft that my body rose to meet his tickling hand to pressure that worked out the knotted areas. 

The heat from his skin bleed into my body wherever he touched, he kneeled over my body one leg over each side of my buttocks. I felt him relax lower, his silks gone from his body. I arched up my body and felt his hardness stroke over me as he rubbed, each stroke matched at the top of my back and on my bottom. My center craved to be filled, it wept at the closeness, the wetness seeping from me. I was fully moaning at the sensations before I let slip, "please no more teasing, in me...please," less a master's voice, instead a prayer.

Without hesitations he sank into me deeply, fully and we both groaned in pleasure. He pulled out of me slowly and returned just as slow finding me willing and ready, our bodies fitting together perfectly. The slow pace picked up speed and I arched to meet his thrusts, my breathing only muffled by my moans of pleasure. His hands on either arm holding me down, bringing me towards and somehow keeping me from harm. My center was blazing and I couldn't stop the rolling waves of bliss covering me. Still through it he thrust into me, meeting me on the other side my body still buzzing. I felt him slow a moment and he shifted allowing one leg freed to wrap around his hip. I could feel him more deeply, and I could move towards him. I growled my joy at this new placement. Half turned I could see him above me his hand found my breast. I could feel him meeting me, pushing him to his crest as he pushed me, though I held on just long enough to feel his start before I followed. Reason left me as I clenched around his twitching hardness. 

He moved back slightly and I flipped over, my center splayed before him, focusing I saw he was still fully hard. A smile rose from his lips as he moved into me, coming down to slip a kiss from my lips. "My pleasure is easy to maintain when I see your pleasure flowing." My legs wrap around his waist drawing him in, never had I wanted another, to be with him, to be as one. The power flowed between us as I came and again he continued, my body starting to feel overwhelmed, over sensitive. He pulled back but only to place my legs over his shoulders he bent forward, impaling me deep. My breath a pant as he pushed me over the edge again, by body releasing wetness over us as I never had before. I came from a deep place within my body thrumming as he came a second time into me, I only found out later since my mind was lost to me briefly. As I regained thought he was beside me, head cupped in hand while the other stroked my still shining body. He looked well rested and not as though he gave me so much delight that I lost my senses. 

"How? Why able? What?" my mouth and brain were still mismatched, unable to articulate my thoughts as my body still thrummed. 

Chuckling, "You requested to be happy by my amusement, I think I'm highly amused." 

As thought returned, though part was still focused on his hand skimming my body over and over again, "I think you succeeded in that, possibly more than that." His hand was driving me crazy, I had to kiss him, touch him. I kissed his still shining chest, a slight taste of salt, as he stopped and stilled. I moved up to his throat as he tilted up, I ran my tongue over his jaw line. Finding his lips at the start were tentative and light that turned to many kisses longer and deeper. Our hands rising to touch one another unsure where is the best placement yet always finding better spots. 

I roll over him my breasts pressed against his chest, his hands moving from my legs, over my bottom to my back. My hands over his arms up his strong shoulders and neck to the sides of his head. His hardness pressing up towards my center I adjusted so we could become one once more, spearing into me. Coming down to meet his upward thrusts while kissing his lips or down his neck, moans of sheer joy escaping me. Too soon do I feel my self unravel and come hard upon him my body shaking. 

Rolling me gently once more he takes the lead and my body responds to his strokes. I feel helpless caught in sensation and unable to prevent my joy at his admirations my body weakening. The last catching me off guard, my body tensed arching me, head thrown back I heard him groan. He pulled back and his seed landed over my chest and belly as his stroked his last, before collapsing beside me. My hands rubbed his slickness over and into my skin, relishing in the scent of him. I couldn't understand how much I felt for him in that moment, just knew when he reached for me to bring me closer my heart missed a beat. 

His body warmed my cooling one, his arm under my head, cradling me against his chest. Our legs intertwined as our hands lazily stroked the skin available. I nuzzled into him; "I hope I also made you happy too?"

"I don't think I have been with another like you. You made me beyond happy," his voice a touch deeper. "My name is Akuamarin, I would like to know yours?"

In the moment I realized none of the others had asked, "Guinevere," I didn't know that it meant so much that he asked. "I would like your mark as well, if you'll allow me to call for you, I'd really like to see you again." 

A smile bloomed on his face brightening the space, "Of course I will, I would forever like to be bound to you." His hand went to below the fire mark, and it blurred as though it dissipated into a sand storm. My leg felt a hot and then his hand was back and stroking the new scar, "your wish will always be my will." The new mark was a triangle with a flat line through the middle opposite of the one across. 

"Where do you rest or call home?" I wanted to keep him longer, to know him better.

Sadness plays across his face, "You had it in your hands, you released me for a time. Djinn are caught and contained, though we are from the hot deserts, we are powerful and many find us to be tricky and not worthy to be free." 

My heart breaking, "How did you get to be here? I mean you were on that shelf for awhile too." 

"I've been traded for many years, more than I could count, I came last to the space you claimed me from, she was protecting me from another we met but once." His eyes reach mine, "Worry not, it was in the past and hopefully you are my future."

"I will always try and protect you, but tell me and I will free you as well." A growing need to be better filled me. 

"You have already been so kind, there is no need, and I have been captured so long I don't know what I would do with freedom. Djinn are not looked upon with kindness and I know not of who remains in our homeland." Seeing me shake my head and knowing I won't let this go, "For you insist and know you can call for me at all times, you must just break my prison as you say 'You are forever freed'." 

I am ashamed that my people did this to him I don't think and promptly comply with his directions, the glass shattered at my feet before he even is off the ground. "You are forever freed!" 

He wraps me in a hug and we stand together kissing and swaying away from the glass, "I will ever be in your debt, though I want to be here with you, I also feel the pull of home."

"You can call on me anytime you wish and I will call for you, but now we must part. I should return home as well, it is almost full dark and Gran will be worried. For you I wish you find family and friends in your home, but come back to me too." They might say I was tricked into freeing him but I know it was in the right and we had a great connection no matter that distance. I didn't need a prisoner on my shelf. 

"I will be back Guinevere, my love, and I will come when you need me as well, but wish me well." With that he dissolved and blew south towards home.

I dressed with haste as the light was failing, loving his scent upon me, knowing that I was served by many and loved by one.