 One day at work I heard Jayne arguing on the phone. Jayne sits in the cubicle next to me. It sounded like she was fighting with her husband. Jayne comes across like she would be the perfect soccer mom. I knew she was in her mid forties, blonde hair and she had an attractive figure as well.

"I suppose you heard that," as she slid over to me in her chair.

I told her not to worry. Her personal life was none of my business. She went back to her cubicle and I thought that was the end of it. Well, it wasn't the end of it. Late Friday afternoon, Jayne asked me to lunch on Saturday. I didn't want to go. I knew this would involve her husband. She pleaded with me and I gave in.

I met her at an eatery not too far from where we work.

"I need some advice Barry," she told me. "What should I do about Tim, my husband?"

I just wanted to run out the door. I didn't want to be giving marriage advice.

"You have two options as I see it. Put up with your husband or get a divorce."

I thought that steam was rolling out of Jayne's ears.

"Divorce? That's easy for you to say. I have invested twenty years of my life with Tim."

"I am divorced Jayne. I do know something about it."

Jayne cooled down and said she was sorry. Would I mind telling her what went wrong. I told her my ex-wife was a spendaholic. Every dollar that came in she had to spend. I said that I wasn't raised that way. We were brought up to put money aside for a rainy day or for retirement. I couldn't get Lena to see it that way. I couldn't make her change so I filed for a divorce.

"That sounds so sad. What became of your ex-wife?"

"The last time I heard she was living with her mother. She should have seen it my way."

Jayne said I had given her much to think about. We finished up and went our separate ways. The next weekend was more of the same. Could I meet Jayne at one of the parking lots near work. I cringed as she pestered me to meet her again. I gave in and said yes. We did meet and Jayne motioned me into her car.

"Where are we going?" I asked.

"It's a surprise," she told me.

She drove a few miles and then pulled into a motel parking lot. I was shocked, to say the least. I said we shouldn't be doing this. I don't like getting involved with married women. It always ends badly. Jayne wouldn't take no for an answer. She went to the front desk and got the key. We walked to the room.

Once we got inside Jayne was all over me. She pulled me into her and kissed me hard on the mouth.

"I couldn't stop thinking about you all week long."

Jayne finally broke away. She began undressing herself. She didn't disappoint me. Her body was tight and her tits were firm. She was excited alright. Her nipples were erect. I guess I was weak that day. I hadn't been laid in ages. I stripped down myself. Jayne had me sit on the edge of the bed. She knelt down in front of me.

Jayne lowered her face and she took my prick into her mouth. I could tell she wanted it bad. She went up and down my bone like a pro. It didn't take long before I was erect. That was the signal for Jayne to get up and lie on the bed. I could see her slit was all wet.

"Please Barry, I need your hard cock in me!"

I couldn't stop myself now. I got between her legs and I rubbed my cock head across her gash. I thought Jayne was going to orgasm right then and there. She reached down and guided me to her hole. I shoved my dick in the whole way. Jayne nearly jumped off the bed. She began to plead with me to use her like some slut.

I stretched my arms out and I began thrusting in and out of her damp pussy. Damn, did she scream. She told me my cock was the biggest she ever felt.

"Go as deep as you can," she begged me.

I circled my rod around in her belly. I guess I lost it as well. I was going to use Jayne all for myself. I couldn't care less what she felt. Jayne tightened her muscles around my dick. I didn't know how much more I could take of that. It ended up just a few minutes longer. I sent hot wads of my cream deep into pussy.

Maybe Jayne wasn't ready for that. Her body started shaking and she held onto my hips with her hands. I had a big load that I gave Jayne. I knew my cum was leaking out of her hole. I just kept pumping my prick into Jayne until she looked spent.

"Barry, I swear to you. I never have been fucked like that before. I think you made me orgasm four times!"

We managed to calm down some. Jayne said she need to clean up. When she came back it went south. Jayne said she loved me. I told her that I don't fall in love with married women. I think she realized she went a step too far.

"I'm sorry. I got carried away from all that sex."

I let it pass. We did do it one more time. I guess Jayne knew how to arouse me. This time she mounted me and rode my cock. I got to fondle her big melons. I squeezed and massaged them both. That seemed to send Jayne right over the edge.

"Play with them Barry. Squeeze them harder."

That is exactly what I did. Somehow all that friction from Jayne's pussy made me cum inside her again. It wasn't like the first time but I managed to give her more of my sticky cream. Jayne milked me dry that day. My cock hurt when we finally finished up. We got dressed and we were headed out the door. Jayne did have to ask.

"Will you want me again Barry?"

What could I say but 'yes.'

Jayne and I try to fuck once a week if possible. I wonder what her husband thinks when Jayne is gone for hours. Maybe he doesn't care these days. We have to be discreet at work. We did do one stupid thing however. Jayne gave me head at lunch one day. She parked out at the far edge and then went down on me. 

She made me cum in her mouth. I think some of my seed spilled onto her clothes. We didn't do that again. I have this sinking feeling that things will not end on a good note. Jayne is a dozen years older than me. I know she would like to get a divorce and then move in with me.

I told her I will never get married again. One failure is enough for me. The problem is Jayne wants my cock all the time. Once a week is not enough for her. I will try to hold her off the best I can and still fill her pussy with my hot cum.