 The room was nicer than Dean expected, his becoming crabby with his boss after the last trip to Las Vegas appeared to have an effect.

That time the room he got was in a motel a two mile trip from the strip, the place didn't have a restaurant, not even a Coffee pot in the room.

That pissed Dean off some, he knew his value to the company.

Without him, nearly nothing got fixed. Every time a project went tits up he was expected to hop on an airplane and go fix things.

Usually some stupid ass worker the company they sold to got wires crossed, pumps hooked up backwards, a fucking fan motor not in sequence.

Stupid shit but Dean was used to it.

Threats of sendingt the whole works back went right over his head, Dean was at the point where even if the jerk manager swore at him, he never changed expression.

"Let me see what I can do." Was his typical answer, even though his basic instinct was to pop the son of a bitch and fucking quit.

$75 grand a year and benefits was why he kept his wonderful bedside manner.

But to save money, they seemed to like to rent him a room he wouldn't let his Dog stay in, if he had a Dog that is.

But there was that expense account.

Dean took a cab to a nearby store, bought a Coffee pot, some Coffee, sugar, and a sack of those red hot hard candies he liked.

Perhaps that was why they got him a better room?

Now he was booked into the ElDorado in Reno, a nice spa room. Big hot tub in the corner, a huge TV, wet bar.

Much better.

The job was so damned easy that Dean was back to his room by 2 in the afternoon, like nearly always the big combination conveyor and collator had one wire pinched between the frame, no shit it kept tripping the breakers.

He had suggested that in his reply to the email he got about the problem, the response was "MY CREW KNOWS WHAT THEY ARE DOING!"

Yep. All caps.

Assholes.

So Dean flew down to Reno, hell, it was only about a 90 minutes flight.

It took him 5 minutes to spot the problem and two hours to pull the frame and reroute the wires.

No apology from the manager, who once he knew what was really wrong, went into his office and stayed there.

Dean caught a taxi back downtown, now he had all night to kill until his 4:40 flight home the next afternoon.

+++

The maid was making up the room from the night before, she was a very pretty little Hispanic looking gal dressed in the usual black and white uniform.

She gave him a nervous look when he walked in, so he held up his key card. She smiled and took it, went over to the door and checked the card. It lit up the lock, of course.

This hotel/casino had pretty good security, he had to show his room card to even get on an elevator.

The maid went back to work, Dean lay down on the bed and turned on the TV.

"Por favor, senorita? Is there as masseuse on staff?" He asked her. She looked at him blank.

"Masaje?" Dean pointed at the telephone. The woman understood and smiled.

"Si. Momento." She reached for a nearby note pad and wrote down a phone number, handed it to him.

"Carlos. $80.00" The note said.

"Do you know any females? You know, a senorita. por favor?" That was about the extent of Dean's Spanish, it had worked when he was in Las Vegas. The maid there understood perfectly and that had been fun since she was extremely willing.

Of course the $100 bill he handed to her had helped with that, and he got a fairly lousy rubdown combined with a rather glorious hand job.

That woman had even reached down inside her bra and hauled out a pair of rather soft looking tits, nipples black as coal.

The maid still looked at him puzzled, so Dean reached in his wallet and produced a $100 bill, handed it to her.

She looked at it in surprise, then handed it right back, shaking her head no.

Just crap! It appeared that this place was different than the motel in Las Vegas, oh well.

Dean went back to his TV program, the maid finished up and left quickly.

She did say something just before she left, Dean had no idea at all what it was. 

It wasn't swear words, he knew all of those. He resigned himself to a lonely night, thinking after dinner he might head on down and try the quarter machines.

+++

The room phone woke him up, he was thinking probably something went wrong with the damn machine since he had given the manager his room number.

"You inquired about a massage in your room, sir?" A soft and sexy voice asked him.

"Uhh...yes! I did. Can I ask for your rates?" He asked her.

"It's $125.00 for the massage, and that is the full first hour. If you would like me to bathe you first, that is another $25.00."

"You do..baths, too?" Dean asked.

"Yes, you will find that to be most enjoyable." She purred.

"That sounds great!" Dean told her. She told him a time, explaining she would call from the lobby so he could come down and get her. Security of course would not allow her up to his room without a key card.

The phone rang again about an hour later, she explained that she had long dark hair and was dressed in a slacks and a blue blouse.

Dean took the elevator down, she was easy to find since she was sitting on one of the benches they keep there, waiting.

"I'm Carlita." She smiled, holding out her hand.

Dean was surprised, the woman looked to be in her late 40's or early 50's. She was slender and well built, that much was clear since the light blue blouse she had only demonstrated the fact that she was well endowed.

Carlita was a few inches shorter than Dean was, and the other surprise was her startling green eyes.

Dean was barely 30, he had expected her to be much younger.

"Do I look all right, do you find me pleasing?" She asked, her accent sounded Hispanic but was very light.

"Well, you are beautiful, I am looking forward to the massage."

"Shall we go up then? You will find that I am very very good at what I do, sir."

"Please call me Dean." He told her. She smiled and nodded.

The security guard gave him a knowing grin as they stepped into the elevator. Dean managed a perfectly straight face.

In the room, Carlita went over the the hot tub and turned on the water. As the tub was filling, she opened a shoulder case she was carrying and got out several bottles of different things, Dean had no idea what they were.

One she opened and poured some into the hot tub, the water nearly instantly foamed up into huge masses of bubbles.

"Would you like to undress and step into the tub?" Carlita asked with a smile.

Dean suddenly felt nervous, did she expect him to just strip nude right in front of her.

"Do not be shy, I have seen men and I like to see them very much!" She smiled even more broadly.

Dean reached up and began to unbutton his shirt.

"Do you mind if I undress also? It is much easier to do the bath that way." Dean looked at her, mildly surprised but why not?

"Sure, make yourself comfortable." He told her, still aware that for some crazy reason he felt shy in front of this woman.

She quickly shed her blouse, reached back and unhooked the soft matching blue bra. She glanced up at him as he watched her and then reached for her slacks.

Dean was staring at a perfect set of breasts, capped with soft pink nipples only slightly darker than the surrounding skin.

He felt himself nearly instantly come erect, she glanced down as he removed his pants. The bulge was very pronounced.

Carlita stepped over and reached out, tugged his briefs down.

"Very nice!" She told him as she removed her own blue panties.

Dean expected her to be shaved, or waxed, instead he saw a heavy mass of dark pubic hair. She stood there a moment and let him look.

"Do you like me?" She asked.

"Yes! Very much!" He told her.

"Good. You are very nice yourself, a big and strong young man. I will enjoy serving you." She reached for his hand and led him to the tub.

The water was hot, Dean had to let himself down into it a bit at a time. Carlita slid in effortlessly. Then she began to lather him up, working first on his chest and shoulders.

"You can touch me back, if you want to." She told him. Dean needed no more encouragement. He began at her breasts they were soft yet firm, and clearly natural. He could not find a single flaw on her body, his hands explored her upper body completely.

Then she had him turn and face away, she reached out with both hands a pulled his hips upwards.

He started when her fingers found his rectum, she used a different bottle of soap there, it had a mild tingling sensation.

Then he saw her reach into her carry case and pull on a single latex glove, pushing him forward she inserted one finger and worked it in and out.

Dean had never in his life had anyone but a Doctor do that.

As Carlita worked at his rear, her other hand came around and lathered up his groin. He came very close to a climax, but each time she stopped for a few moments, then began again.

Dean was completely aware of her finger probing, she kept that up for what seemed like several minutes.

Finally she was done, she stripped off the glove and climbed out. Taking his hand, she led him to the nearby shower, turned on the water and they rinsed off carefully. Again her hands were everywhere,

Once she had him dried off, she had him lie down on the bed, and began to work his body. The sensation was amazing, already all of his nerve endings were on fire and this just added to it.

When one hand reached between his legs and very lightly tickled his testicles, Dean had to clench to keep from blasting off. Somehow he managed to hold back, then her hand reached up and pulled his penis downwards. Dean felt her lean forward, he felt something damp.

Was she actually licking his cock from behind? Dean wasn't sure until she sucked the end of it into her mouth, swirling her tongue around.

He felt himself grow so firm that she was having a tough time doing that.

"Maybe I should roll over?" He asked.

"Please." She answered.

When he did, her hands went to his chest, began circles down over his belly. Each circle she let her hands drift over his erection, stroking it slowly.

This was fast becoming the most sensual experience of Dean's life.

"I like very much to have a penis in my mouth, do you mind if I do that for you?" She asked him. Dean thought that sounded odd since he was sure she had done that while he was face down.

"Go ahead." He told her. Carlita leaned down and engulfed him.

Her attentions were eager, it was clear that she really did enjoy doing that. Dean lay back and enjoyed the sensations. When she reversed herself without taking her mouth off his erection, Dean found himself looking upwards and a very engorged set of pussy lips.

He tipped his head forward and began to tease her with his tongue. He saw that Carlita reached a climax herself in seconds, that was followed only a few seconds later by another much more massive one. Her hips came down and she pressed herself to his face, not once did she stop suckling at him.

Dean felt himself building, just as he reached the point of no return she stopped and trapped the base of his penis.

Turning around she opened her legs and settled down on his belly. He could feel the wetness of her as she slid lower and lower.

Without even reaching down, she wriggled around until the tip of him found her opening, then she pressed downward.

"I usually...do not...do this...I just use my...hands and...my mouth..but I..want..that big..beautiful...cock!" She managed as she thrust wildly at him.

Dean could not last very long, he blasted off over and over, getting squeals from her with each blast.

They lay together for several minutes, then she had him climb back into the tub and washed him off again.

+++

Later, she dressed, Dean handed her two #100 bills. She looked at them stuffed them in her purse.

On the way out the door, she handed him a card.

"Call me when you come back to town. Please?" She smiled, tipped her head up and kissed him.

+++

A tapping at the door woke Dean up.

"Housekeeping." A female voice called out. Dean threw on a robe and opened the door, it was the same maid from the day before.

"Sorry. I come back?" She said.

"No. It's OK, come on in." He held the door for her.

He went into the bathroom and brushed his teeth while she worked, then went back out and sat down in a chair.

"Thank you for having Carlita call me." He told her.

"Carlita? Si. She is my sister." The maid smiled sweetly.

"Really?" Dean was surprised at that. Now that he thought about it, this woman did look quite a bit like Carlita, just a younger version.

"Si. She say senor es muy bueno." The maid looked down at the lower portion of his robe, where he held it tightly together since he was naked beneath it.

"I see." Dean grinned, suddenly feeling very naughty. He let the robe gap, as it opened the end of his erection sprang out.

The woman stood there and watched. Dean opened the robe even more, turned towards her, She smiled, watching.

"Muy bueno!" She mumbled.

Then she reached for the note pad, wrote something on it. Dean looked at it.

"Maria." and a phone number was what it read.

"Maria?" Dean pointed at her.

"Si."

"Dean." He pointed at himself.

"Si!" She broke into a huge grin, then she turned and finished up his room. Dean covered himself back up, she headed for the door.

At the door, she stopped and turned back.

"Call me tonight at around 8 O'clock, OK?" She told him in perfect English.

As soon as she was gone, Dean started laughing.

+++

I missed my plane, the cab got stuck in traffic, boss." He told the office when he called.

"Crap! Well, do what you have to do. When are you getting in?" His boss asked.

"I am on the late flight tomorrow." Dean told him.

"OK. Well, see you when you get here."

"I assume this extra will be on my expense account since it wasn't my fault." He lied.

"I guess. Sure, no problem." His boss told him.

Dean laughed after he hung up the phone.

Might as well go play some quarter machines until 8 PM, he thought.