 I was going to be in his neck of the woods, for business, for a few days, and although my first instinct had been to call and tell him that I was coming, I decided not to.  I was thinking that the element of surprise would work much better to my advantage for what I had in mind.

We had been lovers once, long ago, but had gone our separate ways.  Not because there had been any kind of “break up”, but because the timing had been wrong.  We had a wonderful relationship while we were together.  We fed off each other intellectually, we competed, in a healthy way, and we had great sex.  

Only recently, we had gotten back in touch, via the net, but we were living 800 miles away from each other.  We spent time writing stories for one another, and emailing them back and forth.  I was quite excited when I found that I would be traveling to the city where he lived, on business.  It would be a great opportunity to put some of the imagination that we had been using on one another to the test.  He was a great guy, and I was really looking forward to spending some time with him, and sitting on the plane during the trip gave me a chance to let my imagination get the better of me.  By the time the plane set down at the airport, I was already horny, very horny, from thinking about what I wanted to do to him.

As I stepped off the airplane, it occurred to me that he would still be at work for a few hours.  I didn’t really care for the prospect of having to wait.  Waiting wasn’t something that I did very well when I knew what I wanted.  So, I decided NOT to wait.  I grabbed my luggage, rented a car, and set off for his office.  I figured that I would surprise him at the office, and let him know that I was in town.  At least if he knew that I was in town, maybe he could clear his schedule for the evening, and we could spend some time together.  

I made my way to his office and found a parking place.  On the way into the building, I paused for a second to take in my reflection in the glass.  I surveyed the “maybe just a little too short” business skirt, suit jacket, and stockings, all black, of course.  I made a note that to anyone else, I looked like a business professional, walking into the office on business.  From the outside, no one else could tell what I was wearing under that suit, fortunately.  

I entered the office, and spoke to the receptionist, telling her that I needed to see him, and that “No”, I didn’t have an appointment.  She walked off, and I found it ironic that although I wasn’t there for business, I really did NEED to see him at that point.  As I found a chair in the waiting room, the receptionist returned, telling me that he would be with me in a few minutes.  I nodded my understanding, and thanked her.

My mind started to wander.  I thought back to the times that we had been together.  Those had been great times.  I thought about all the wonderful, steamy stories that we had exchanged.  He had such a way with words, painting vivid pictures in my mind.  I started thinking about one story in particular, about a trip he made to my hometown.  That story had given me great insight into his libido.
I was suddenly snapped from my reverie when the receptionist announced, “Ma’am, he’ll see you now.”

I rose from the chair, walked across the reception area, and casually said to the receptionist, “Please, hold all his calls, this might take a while.”  She raised an eyebrow, but nodded as I went by.

As I entered the office, he said, “Please, have a seat, I’ll be with you in a minute”, but he never looked up from the stack of papers on his desk.

“I think I would rather stand.”  I said.

At this point, he looked up.  Shock is not even a strong enough word to describe the look on his face.  “I never expected to look up from my work and find you standing here.  What are you doing here?”  He said.

“I’m in town on business, but I had to see you.”  I replied.

I walked across the room, and around his desk, and as I came to stand next to him, he tried to rise from his chair.  “Don’t get up.”  I said, and pushed him back down into his chair.  I pushed his chair back from the desk a little, and sat on the desk directly in front of him.  

“Quite frankly, all of this story writing has taken its toll on me.  I can’t seem to sleep at night without being haunted by images of you…. of us together.”  I said.  “And, I have come to the conclusion that the only thing that is going to give me any peace is to fulfill the fantasy.  I want you, and I want you right here, right now.”

“ I am in the middle of work!”  He said.  

“I told your secretary that we had a lot of work to get done, and that she needed to hold all your calls until we were finished.” I said, as I walked over and locked his office door.  I came back around to the side of the desk where he sat, and lifted my right leg, placing my right foot on the arm of his chair.  “So, we shouldn’t be interrupted.  But, if you aren’t interested…………” 

My voice trailed off at that point because I had lost my concentration.  He had reached up and was running his hand up and down the length of my leg, over the silky smoothness of my thigh-high stockings, giving me the answer that I had hoped for.  He was definitely interested.  

He traced the inside of my thigh from my knee up.  He audibly sucked in his breath when he realized that I wasn’t wearing any underwear under my skirt.  I leaned back, and placed my left leg on the other arm of his chair, inviting him to explore further.  He started planting warm kisses on the inside of my thighs, and running his hands over my ass at the same time.  His fingers stopped suddenly, and I knew that he had found the lace garter belt that I had picked out especially for him.  He paused long enough to snap the elastic lightly, letting me know of his approval of my choice.

His kisses worked their way up in a painfully slow trail, until he reached the sensitive spot between my hairline and my hip.  His breath fell so close to my pulse, there, that it made my blood boil.  I spread my legs farther, giving him full access to me, and was rewarded as he snaked his tongue in a path inward, finding out just how much I wanted him.  I was literally dripping with my desire for him.  The anticipation of what was to come was so overwhelming, I had to bite my lip so as not to cry out as he parted me with his hands and ravaged my pussy with his mouth.  I pushed his paperwork aside and lay back on the desk, surrendering to him, but keeping my head raised so that I could maintain eye contact with him as he licked me.  He looked so sexy, there, between my legs.  My hips rose eagerly to meet each stroke of his expert tongue-lashing, and I reached my hand around the back of his head to pull him closer.

I was so turned on by the sights, sounds, and sensations.  My breath quickened, and my pulse raced.  I felt like the whole room was spinning.  “I am going to cum ……all over your face………. “  I told him between gasping breaths.  His reply was a long, low moan.  At just the right moment, he pushed a finger inside me, and that coupled with his diligent work on my clit sent me over the edge.  I was cumming, HARD.  My body was overtaken with wave after wave of spasms.  Realizing that I was cumming, he removed his finger, and replaced it with his tongue, lapping up my juices as they flowed from me.

As I floated back down to reality, he rose up, took me in his arms, and kissed me deeply, allowing me to taste myself on his mouth.  Our tongues danced playfully in each other’s mouths, and I reached down, finding his rock hard cock straining against the fabric of his slacks.  I unfastened his belt, and worked the zipper of his pants loose, and his cock sprang forth eagerly.  

I tugged his pants down, pushed him gently back into his chair, and dropped to my knees in front of him.  I wanted to return the favor that he had so generously bestowed on me.  I had been looking forward, for months, to wrapping my lips around his beautiful cock.  My mouth was watering at the thought.  I licked my lips, and rubbed the head of his cock back and forth over them.  I snaked my tongue out and licked the underside of him, from base to tip, finding a shiny pearly of pre-cum nestled in the tip.  I caught it on the tip of my tongue, and pulled away slowly, relishing the taste of what was to come.  Keeping my lips tight, I took him into my mouth, sucking in the entire length of him, until he was lodged deeply in my throat.  I pulled back until just before he slipped from my mouth, and quickly sucked him back into my mouth.  I worked my tongue up and down the underside of his shaft with each stroke.  

His breathing matched the rhythm of his cock sliding in and out of my mouth.  I could feel his pulse coursing through him.  He reached out with his right hand and placed it in the crook of my neck, gaining leverage as he started to thrust into my hungry mouth.  I let him set the pace at this point, sensing his need.  I looked up at him, and his eyes locked onto mine.  “Yeah, baby, suck it.”  His words were barely a whisper.

Suddenly, the phone rang.  “Damn!” He cursed, picking up the receiver.  “I am tied up right now, can’t this wait?”  He said to the person on the other end of the line, without ever breaking eye contact with me.  “Tell Dwight that I am at a crucial point in negotiating this contract, and I will have to call him back when I am done!”  He said with a devilish grin, and with that, he slammed down the receiver.

Through all this, he never broke eye contact with me.  So, when his head rolled back, and his eyes closed, I knew that he was very close.  I reached up and kneaded his balls, feeling them tighten just before I felt him shoot a load of hot, sticky cum deep into my throat.  I pulled back a little as he pumped the rest of his load into my eagerly waiting mouth.  I wanted to taste him.  

I continued to hold him in my mouth, sucking gently as he caught his breath.  He pulled me up to him, kissing me again, the tastes of us mingling together.  He unbuttoned the front of my blouse, exposing my black lace bra.  He traced kisses down my neck and chest as I unbuttoned the front of his shirt.  He reached down and slid my skirt up until it was around my waist, exposing the black garter belt.  He paused for a minute, taking it in.  Then he pushed everything on his desk over to one side, and without taking his arms from around me, gently laid me back on the desk again.  

I wanted him so badly.  I needed to feel him inside me.  He rubbed the head of his cock up and down the entrance to my pussy, teasing me beyond reason.  I grabbed at his ass, pulling him to me, and he slid into me in one smooth movement.  He filled me so completely that I could feel his balls pressed against my ass.  

I wrapped my legs around his waist as he drove deeply into me with unbridled need.  My hips bucked up to meet him, thrust for thrust.  I nestled up against his ear, and whispered, “Oh, yeah…. Fuck me, baby…just like that.  You feel sooo good.”   I fell him tense, and knew that he was about to cum.  This sent me over the edge.  We came together, holding on to one another as though we would be swept away if we let go.  

We lay still, there on top of the desk, locked in each other’s arms, for a long time.  I was afraid to move for fear that I would wake up only to find that this had been another dream.  He looked up at me and said; “Now that’s what I call successful negotiation.”