 Sitting at the bar, sipping her third whiskey sour, Hailey scanned the crowd on the dance floor. Sighing, she watched all the happy couples swaying to the slow song the band was playing, absent mindedly playing with her wedding band. 

"Excuse me," said a deep, masculine voice, "is anyone sitting here". Hailey looked up through the smoky haze into the face of the man standing next to her. She shook her head no, and continued to sip her drink. From the corner of her eye, she looked the man over. Not bad, she thought. Tall, black hair, well built. Then he turned to her, and she felt a jolt of attraction go through her as she gazed in to his blue eyes.

"I'm Jason," said the man. It took Hailey a minute to regain her composure.

"I'm Hailey," she said. 

"So, Hailey, what are you doing here at the bar, all alone, drinking, and looking so sad?" She looked into his handsome, kind face, searching for a reason why he would care.

"Well," Hailey began, "My husband and I got into a fight. He said he's bored with me, with our sex life. He stormed out when I got upset. Apparently I'm not blonde enough, or skinny enough or whatever." Hailey tucked a strand of dark hair behind her ear, looking into her drink. "I guess he wants some Barbie, with more in her chest than in her head."

"Wow. I'm so sorry your husband is being a jerk. If you don't mind me saying, I think he's insane. You're beautiful, any man can see that." Hailey blushed at the compliment. 

"Say," said Jason, "you wouldn't happen to want to dance with me, would you? I have two left feet and no rhythm. I know, what woman could resist." Hailey laughed and nodded. The two headed to the dance floor as a fast song with a hard beat pulsed through the nearby speakers. Swaying to the rhythm, Hailey felt the beat move through her. She began to grind her ass against Jason to the beat, rubbing herself against his manhood. Jason pulled her closer, holding his hands on her hips. She felt him stiffen under her movements, and began to grind harder. Jason didn't know how long he could last with her grinding against him like that, but was granted a reprieve when the fast song was replaced by a slower tune. 

"Feel like another dance," asked Hailey, giggling, fueled by alcohol . She turned in his arms, facing him. Jason pulled her closer, until the whole of their bodies were touching. Jason's hands roamed up and down the sides of Hailey's body, coming to a stop on her ass, cupping it. Hailey responded by pressing herself closer to Jason. Jason leaned down, looking into her eyes, their faces just inches apart. He gently pressed his lips to hers, holding her body tightly against his. Hailey leaned into the kiss, sighing as she felt his tongue in his mouth. Suddenly, she pulled away.

"I'm sorry, Jason, I can't do this. I really want to, but I just can't. I'm a married woman. I guess I should be getting home anyway, not that my husband will be back..." Hailey started to stumble away, reaching in her pocket for her car keys.

"Hailey, wait! You've had way too much to drink to be driving. At least let me drive you home. The last thing you need is a DUI, or worse." Snatching her keys from her, Jason led Hailey to his car, helping her inside. Hailey told Jason which way to go, all the while enjoying the scent of his cologne that wafted through the air. 

"He's so sweet," she thought to herself, "and so incredibly sexy." She let her thoughts wander as Jason pulled into her driveway and turned off the car. He turned towards Hailey.

"Hailey, I just wanted to say I'm so..." His apology was cut off by her mouth on his. Hailey rain her hands through his hair, pressing her breasts against his chest. He groaned as her tongue entwined with his. Hailey broke the kiss and looked into his deep cerulean eyes.

"Do you want to come inside," Hailey asked, panting from their kiss. Without waiting for an answer, she got out of the car and walked towards the house. Jason quickly followed her. As soon as the door was shut, she was all over him. She ran her tongue down his neck, tracing his ear, nipping at his throat. She quickly began unbuttoning his shirt and threw it on the floor. She licked down his chest, stopping to suck on his nipples.

"Hailey, I thought you didn't want this." Hailey ignored him and continued to trace down his stomach and to the button on his pants. She quickly undid his pants and tugged them off, adding her shirt to the pile as well.

"Hailey, wait! I.." but her lips were on him again, and her bare breasts were pressed against his chest. Jason slipped his arms around her, running his hands down her back. He pulled her close to him, pressing his hardness against her jean clad thigh.

"Hailey," he groaned, "if you don't want to do this, you need to stop now. I only have so much control. Tell me, do you want to do this or not?" Hailey pulled off his boxers and kneeled before his massive erection.

"What do you think," Hailey coyly asked. She took all of his cock into her mouth, deep throating it. Jason groaned as Hailey reached around and stroked his balls. Sucking and licking on him, Hailey felt herself getting very wet. Jason cupped her head in his hands and began to thrust into her mouth, moving faster as his orgasm neared.

"Oh god, Hailey, I'm about to cum," Jason cried. With one final thrust, he spurted into her mouth. Hailey gulped down his cream, licking him clean. Hailey took Jason by the hand, leaving a pile of their clothes in the hallway, and lead him to the bedroom. Jason laid Haley on the bed, kissing her body. He gently took one nipple into his mouth, suckling at it, while caressing the other breast. Hailey moaned in pleasure. Leaving a trail of kisses, Jason went lower. Jason inhaled the musky scent of her moist mound. He began by licking outside, slowly making his way to her pleasure button. When his tongue ran over her sensitive nub, Hailey arched her back against his mouth. 

"Oh Jason, don't stop! Please, god, don't stop!" Jason licked and sucked her clit as he felt her about to explode. Hailey's body tensed against Jason's tongue, then shattered into convulsions of pleasure. Jason kept his mouth on her until the convulsions subsided.

"Oh Jason, that was amazing. My husband has never done that, ever." Jason smiled as he gathered her into his arms and began kissing her neck. Hailey felt him harden against her. Their kisses became more passionate, more needy. 

"I want you Jason. I want to ride your hard cock until I cum." With that, Hailey rolled on top of him, straddling his throbbing cock. She grasped his member and teased the head of it with the wet opening of her pussy. Pleasuring herself with his cock sent Jason into a frenzy.

"Hailey, please...please... I need to be in you now!" Hailey impaled herself on his stiff member, groaning as he slid into her waiting pussy. She started slowly, rocking back and forth, feeling an orgasm building deep within her. As the feeling grew, she began to bounce faster on his cock. 

"Ride my cock, Hailey, ride it. Fuck me hard. God, your pussy feels so good!" Hailey slid her hungry pussy up and down his rigid cock, bringing them to the brink.

"Oh fuck, Jason, I'm going to cum!" Hearing her screams of pleasure pushed him over the edge. With one final thrust, Jason spurted his cream into her waiting pussy, filling her.

Cradled in his arms, Hailey's breathing slowed. She could feel his cum and her juices leaking out of her satisfied pussy. She turned in his arms, kissing him passionately again. 

"I can't wait to do that again. I don't think my husband will be home any time soon." Hailey kissed him hard this time, lost in the feeling.

"Hailey, I'm home", called Jeff, Hailey's husband, as he shut the front door.

To be continued...