 About a year ago I decided that I wanted to invest some of the extra money I had been making in recent months. I had already been putting plenty of money into mutual funds, so I decided I would buy some more property. After looking around at several homes, I decided upon a nice townhouse that I felt would be easy to rent. After writing up the purchase agreement, subject to financing of course, I contacted the bank that carried my other mortgage and set up an appointment with Jan, one of the mortgage specialists.

When I arrived at the bank two days later, I was taken aback. Jan older than me by at least five or ten years, putting her somewhere in her mid-to-late thirties. Despite her age, Jan was the picture perfect definition of a milf. She was slightly taller than average, with shoulder-length, brown hair. She wore a tight sweater and dress pants, showing off the fact that she was obviously in shape. Her tits were an attention-getting feature, too big for her frame. She also had a very sexy face that you just couldn't pin an accurate age to.

Throughout the conversation I tried to drop flirtatious and suggestive remarks, but none of them seemed to be noticed. I ran with the assumption that she was subjected to this type of behavior on a regular basis and had grown used to it. I had already grown hard, watching her long finger type on her computer keyboard, her tongue moisten her full lips from time to time, and her round breasts standing out from her chest. We had just finished the details of my financing when I decided that it was now or never, and that I had to make a move.

"Do you get a lot of guys hitting on you?" I asked her.

"I suppose I get my fair share," she responded. "Why do you ask?"

"Because I've been doing my best to hint how attractive I find you, but you seem to be ignoring it."

"I'm sorry," she replied. "I'm not ignoring you, it's just..."

"What?"

"I make it a rule not to get involved with clients."

"I'm sorry to hear that," I said. "Is there anything I can do to change your mind?"

She actually started to blush a little as I said that, so I decided to make my next move. I got up from my chair and walked around to her side of the desk. Bending down, I planted a kiss on her lips. She was hesitant at first, but then she started to return my kiss with more enthusiasm. We kissed for a minute or two before I became bolder. Knowing we were in a closed office, I started to fondle her big breasts. She made no move to stop me as I dropped to my knees in front of her and started to undo her pants. She raised her hips for me as I hooked my hands into the waistband of both her pants and her panties, pulling them both down. After pulling her shoes off, I pulled her pants off over her feet, leaving her naked from the waist down. She stared almost in disbelief as I pushed her knees apart and started to kiss the insides of her thighs.

"Your skin feels so soft," I said as I reached her freshly-shaven bikini line. I teased her by kissing around her pussy for another minute before I started in on her lips. She moaned as I ran my tongue and lips all over her pussy, eventually spreading her lips to lick her clit. I was only licking her clit for a few seconds when she had her first orgasm. I continued to lick a bit faster, then I pushed a finger inside her. When I received a positive response from that, I pushed a second finger inside her. I hooked my fingers up, rubbing her g-spot as I continued to lick her clit.

"Oh my god!" she said quietly. "I'm cumming again! Your tongue is amazing!"

When her orgasm finished, I stood up directly in front of her. Without a word, I unzipped my pants, reached in and pulled out my eight-inch cock. Tentatively, she leaned forward and began kissing the head. Grabbing the shaft, she started stroking the entire length of it as she took the head into her mouth. Over the course of the next minute or two, she worked a little over half of it into her mouth, sucking it more enthusiastically with each passing moment.

"I can't believe how wet you made me!" she said. She returned to my cock, making noises as she slurped on it.

"Yeah, suck that cock, Jan!" I said. "Take it down your throat!"

For the next few minutes, she worked on my cock, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. I warned her that I was about to cum, but she ignored me and kept sucking. I grabbed a handful of hair and started shooting a huge load of cum into her mouth. She swallowed every last drop I gave her, continuing to suck my cock until it grew soft.

"So," I said, "do you think you might be willing to get involved with a client?"

She smiled as I tucked my cock into my pants and handed her clothes to her. As she got dressed we agreed that we should meet one more time to finish what we started. I gave her my address and she agreed to meet me at my house the following night.

When the night arrived she showed up at my door wearing a low-cut top and a tight, black skirt. I invited her in and gave her a tour of my home, ending on the deck in the rear of the house. Just as I was about to suggest we go back inside, she pulled me to her and began to kiss me. We kissed and fondled each other for a couple of minutes before she pushed me back into a deck chair.

"Is it okay if I suck it again?" she asked, kneeling down in front of me. I think we both knew that was a rhetorical question, especially as she unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock. She started faster than before, immediately engulfing my cock. I watched her work her oral magic on it for a few minutes, doing everything I could to keep from cumming in this woman's mouth before I got a chance to fuck her. Just as I was about to stop her, she pulled away. She sat down in another deck chair, pulled her skirt up over her hips and placed her feet wide apart. She wasn't wearing any panties, so I had a great view of her wet pussy. I moved my chair in front of hers and leaned forward, immediately devouring her hot cunt.

"Yes baby!" she said. "Eat my cunt!" I ate her out enthusiastically as she moaned loudly. A minute later she cried out with her first orgasm.

"You're so fucking hot!" I said as I stared up into her lust-filled eyes before burying my face between her legs once again. This time I started to finger her pussy at the same time, just as I had done in her office the day before. A minute or two later she was crying out with another orgasm.

"I need to feel you inside me," she said as she finished cumming. I dropped to my knees in front of her, placed her legs on my shoulders and slid my cock into her dripping cunt in one smooth motion.

"Fuck, that feels good!" I said as I fucked her with, long, hard strokes. I grabbed onto her shirt and pushed it up over her tits, revealing that she hadn't worn a bra, more or less confirming my suspicion that she had implants. "Take that cock, Jan!" She cried out with another orgasm just as I started to rub her clit with my thumb.

"Yes!" she said when her orgasm had subsided. "Pound my pussy, baby! You make me so fucking wet!" I kept pounding into her for another minute or two as her next orgasm approached. "Fuck! I'm cumming! Holy shit!" She took a minute to calm down from that one as I continued to pound her. "Fuck my pussy baby!" she said just seconds before screaming out with another orgasm.

When she finished cumming, I pulled out of her and pulled her to her feet. I bent her over the railing of the deck, then shoved my cock into her from behind. Her shirt was still up over her breasts, so I grabbed onto them for some extra leverage as I pounded into her pussy.

"Oh my god, I'm fucking cumming!" she cried almost immediately. A minute later it was happening again. "I'm fucking cumming again! Your dick is so fucking big!" I began to wonder if any of the neighbors were watching us from their windows.

Enjoy the show, I thought as I fucked her.

"I bet somebody's watching us," I said to her.

"Oh my god!" she replied. "That turns me on so much! Fuck! I'm cumming again!" I continued to pound her and she had another orgasm seconds later. "My pussy is so wet!"

"It feels amazing!" I told her. "I bet the neighbors are wishing they could feel it!" Saying this sent her into another orgasm.

"Yes baby!" she cried. "I'm cumming again!" She screamed out quite loud as her peak hit. I know for a fact that any of my neighbors that were home would have heard her.

"I'm going to cum, Jan!" I said. To my surprise, she pulled away from me and dropped to her knees in front of me. As she turned her face up towards my cock, I knew what she wanted. I grabbed hold of my cock and rubbed it frantically as I started to shoot my cum onto her face. It seemed as though my orgasm would never end as I covered her face in cum. When I finished, she gave my cock a little kiss and started to scoop my cum into her mouth. I couldn't believe how slutty she was acting. When she finished, we straightened ourselves up and went back inside.

I haven't seen Jan since that night, but I do know who I'll be calling when it comes time to renegotiate my mortgage!