 Neighbor's daughter got me in bed.

Today was a most memorable day in my sex life...

I'm 58 and happily married even though my wife has no interest in sex, since going through "the change", I love her dearly but I need sex...

My next door neighbor's daughter who recently graduated from college is now living back at home, working evenings and some days at a local school now that the school year has begun.

The whole summer she spent her days tending the gardens at their house while Mom, Dad and her younger brother worked during the day. I work from home a lot of times so I see her around quite often.

She's about 5"6", 130lbs., cute face, small breasts and a nice plump ass. She's always been a very sweet girl and now a very sweet full grown woman. I've never seen her with a boyfriend or even a girlfriend for that matter...

Today while I was working I heard a small shriek outside and soon a frantic knocking at the front door. I rushed downstairs to find Katie standing there crying and holding her hand. "I've been stung" she cried.

I let her inside and guided her to the kitchen where I poured white Vinegar over her wasp sting as my mother had done for me as a child. I gave her some Benadryl to help with the swelling.

I helped dry her tears and get her settled down while keeping an eye on her sting. After 15 min. or so the wasp sting actually looked like it wasn't going to be bad at all. Her hand looked fine and Katie was in no discomfort at all.

Katie seemed ready to go back home now so when she got up to leave she gave me a big hug and a sweet kiss to thank me. She didn't seem to want to let go so I held her as long as she held onto me...

She gave me a sweet look and again kissed me but this time it was full on the lips. She still had her arms around my neck, looking into my eyes and kissed me again with her mouth open.

I can take a hint...so I kissed her back, tongue and all. She moaned softly as we stood there making out.

The kissing was getting hotter, deeper and more passionate so I went for it... I put my left hand on her right breast and gave it a gentle squeeze. She moaned again as I caressed her firm little boobies. ( I prefer small boobs)

As we kissed and I fondled her tits she reached down and squeezed my now rock hard cock. She pulled away from out kiss and gave me a naughty smile as she reached for my belt buckle. Katie unbuckled my belt and opened my pants and slipped them down to the floor as she got down on her knees in front of me.

Katie was now completely fixated on my cock. She grasped it around the base with one hand and cupped my balls with the other. She smiled at me again as she moved in and took my cock into her warm mouth.

Katie started sucking and licking my cock making slurping sounds and gagging noises as she tried to take me fully into her mouth and down her throat. I couldn't believe I was getting an amazing blow job from the little girl next door that I watched grow up for the last 15 years!

Katie was working my cock like she was starved for dick. She knew what she was doing and obviously enjoyed doing it. After a few minutes of her hot mouth slobbering all over my cock and balls I felt my orgasm building. I tried to let her know I was about to cum by my breathing and muted groans. I intended to cum in her mouth so I didn't want to just tell her "I'm cumming!"

As I began to blast my load into Katie's mouth I grabbed the back of her head and pulled it toward me to slide my cock as deeply into her mouth as she would allow. Katie gagged a bit so I eased off and continued shooting my load into her mouth. Katie sucked for all she was worth and made sure she finished me properly and took every drop of my load. 

I finished cumming and Katie continued to suck on the head of my dick making me twitch with pleasure every time her tongue rubbed over my piss slit.

She pulled her mouth off of my cock and I helped her to her feet. She wiped the corners of her mouth with her fingers as she opened her mouth to show me my load of cum. I lost all control and gave her a very deep kiss sharing my cum with her for a minute or two of the hottest make-out sessions of my life.

I backed off after taking some of my cum from her mouth with my tongue. I held out my tongue to show her then swallowed it. She showed me the cum in her mouth before she swallowed it. We went back to making out again as I slid her shorts and undies down and onto the floor.

We grabbed our clothes and went up to the front spare bedroom. Katie hopped onto the bed as I removed my shirt and lay down beside her. We made out for a bit before I started kissing my way down across her beautiful, firm little tits toward her pretty little shaved pussy. Her pink pussy lips were protruding quite a bit and I could see she was very wet. I placed my hand on her pussy and worked my finger onto her clit to give it a gentle rub. Katie spread her legs wide to give me room to dive in.

I played with her clit and probed her sopping wet hole for a minute or two to get her primed while watching her face and listening to her coos and moans. I positioned myself between her legs and went right to work sucking and licking every square inch of her soft, wet pussy. I tried to stay off of her clit for now and concentrate on sucking and licking her very large and frilly pussy lips. I tongue fucked her hole trying to keep up with the creamy pussy juice flowing from her hole. She moaned, writhed and twitched as I worked her pussy with all of my best moves.

After feasting on her pussy for a good long time I slid a finger inside her and started rubbing her G spot. She really liked that! Her ass was bouncing and bobbing as I sucked and licked while gently working her G spot . Her breathing became very heavy and quick. I soon felt her pussy getting tighter inside and could hear squeaks and growls coming from her pussy as it tightened. Her G spot became very firm as she grabbed my head with both hands and mashed my face into her pussy with all of her strength. She began to cum violently. She was shouting and moaning as each wave of orgasm flowed through her.

I concentrated my efforts on her clit and G spot as she came again and again, her ass bouncing, her legs tightening around my head and neck. I had no idea if she was going to cum once or keep cumming so I continued my assault of her pussy to see just how long and hard I could make this young lady's orgasm last.

It seemed that she was having one very long continuous orgasm but I think I felt her G spot get softer for a little while before becoming very firm again and the next wave of orgasm rolled out. Katie's pussy was streaming with a constant flow of creamy white cum juice that I was happily lapping up from her ass cheeks and her butt hole as it ran out of her. She seemed to like it when my tongue went across her asshole so every once in a while I'd poke her fart box with my tongue making her moan louder each time.

As I lay there between her legs feasting on her pussy, my cock had grown hard again and it was becoming uncomfortable beneath me. I stopped eating Katie's pussy and mounted her getting my cock positioned at her sloppy, thoroughly licked hole. I took her by her wrists and held her arms down on the bed above her head. I planted a deep, wet kiss on her mouth to so she could see how good her pussy tastes. I worked my cock slightly into her pussy before I gave the first deep thrust inside her. Her pussy was so tight and hot inside. I could feel the wetness of her sloppy hole as I withdrew and gently thrust inside her again. She moaned and made deep guttural sounds each time I thrust into her. 

I began a faster pace thrusting more deeply and forcefully each time. I was now banging the hell out of her tight young pussy. I could hear slurping and squishing sounds made by the copious amount of cum juice she was exuding. I soon felt her pussy tightening around my cock as I was slamming it into her. She let out loud gasps and moans as she began having another wave of orgasm roll over her. I continued ramming my cock into her and bouncing off of her clit as I bottomed out.

I could feel my own orgasm building but I didn't want to cum again just yet. I stopped fucking and went back down between her legs to munch on her pussy some more. Her pussy was frothy with fuck juice so I went to work cleaning her up and working on her clit. 

I brought her to at least eight more orgasms as my cock settled down. When I felt my dick was still hard enough but not so close to my orgasm so I went back up and began fucking again. I fucked the living dog shit out of this girl. She was loving every minute of it and so was I.

I went back and forth between eating her pussy and fucking her for the next half hour or so. I lost count of her orgasms...maybe 30 or so...

Katie seemed to have spent every bit of her energy from having so many orgasms and was now just lying there moaning softly while I ate her or fucked her. Thinking ahead I rolled her over and got her onto her elbows and knees so I could get behind her doggie style.

Katie was totally and thoroughly fucked and eaten by this point. She had no energy left to participate in any further sexual activity let alone resist anything I would want to do with her. I got down on my knees behind her and pressed my face into her ass crack and slid my tongue into her pussy. I started working on her pussy again and she was pushing her ass back into my face to get my tongue as deeply into he as it would go.

I let my tongue wander to her tight little butt hole a few times and was getting very positive reactions so I went for it and began sucking, licking and poking my tongue into her sweet ass. In a few minutes I stood up and positioned myself behind her to slide my cock into Katie's wanting pussy. As I fucked her doggie style her pussy was slurping and queefing with every thrust because her cunt was so exhausted and completely relaxed. I spanked her silky smooth ass cheeks as I fucked her. Each time I slapped her ass her pussy would tighten around my cock and she'd let out a loud moan.

I was playing with her asshole with my thumb as I fucked her pussy. I would slide my thumb into her asshole and wiggle it timing it with the thrusts on my cock. Her ass now seemed primed enough to take my cock so I pulled out of her pussy and put my dick to her asshole and pushed into her slowly.

Katie let out a long low moan but didn't protest one bit. She was so relaxed to begin with that my cock slid easily and fully into her ass in one smooth push. I let her get acclimated for a few moments before pulling out. I dropped a big gob of spit onto her asshole and put my cock back to her hole and slid back inside her. 

I started gently fucking Katie's tight ass with long slow strokes. I increased my pace and dropped more spit onto my cock as it slid into her ass. Katie's ass was now relaxed and taking my cock easily so I started slamming into her ass just as hard as I had been fucking her pussy all afternoon. Katie sounded like she was having very intense orgasms as I fucked her in her ass. The sounds she was making made me fuck harder. She was now going wild with pleasure having my cock ramming her sweet plump ass. I'm not sure but this may not have been her first ass fuck. 

I was now fucking to beat the band and ready to fill Katie's ass with my cum. I pushed deeply into Katie's ass and let loose an amazingly intense orgasm. It felt as though I was going to keep cumming forever. I pumped her ass as I came and felt her ass fill up with my sticky fluid. I caught by breath as I finished cumming and slid my cock gently out of Katie's thoroughly fucked ass. A thick frothy stream of cum mixed with poop came running out of her gaping ass. I tried to catch the flow with a tissue but wasn't quick enough to get it all. The mess was well worth the experience.

We made our way to the shower for a quick rinse together. We soaped and groped each other for a few minutes before getting dried off and dressed. Katie was a bit wobbly walking back to the bedroom...for a very good reason.

Back downstairs in the living room I checked Katie's wasp sting again to reassure her all is well. We shared a long, deep kiss goodbye before Katie left for home.

I still can't believe what just happened and I can't wait to have her over for another visit.