 "Man fuck this fucking guy" spelled out Chris over his text message. 

"Wait, what happened?" responded Sam. Ever since they had sex, a budding friendship formed between them. Since they each had such frantic schedules, they were both always available to chat. Sometimes it would be funny thoughts they wanted to share. Sometimes, like this time, it was used to vent. 

"This guy who runs shows in Syracuse has had me booked for two weeks. The show's tomorrow night, and I haven't heard from him since we first talked. Tonight he shoots me an EMAIL saying his nephew needs his big break so he's taking me off the show." 

"Was it a big show?" 

"No. It was in like an Elks Lodge. But a gig was a gig. Just so freaking pissed." 

"Can you find anywhere else to work?" 

"Not on this short notice. I'm out $200 bucks now." 

"Aww, I'm sorry honey. Well if you can't find another spot, my Aunt and Uncle are actually leaving tomorrow morning to visit friends in Cape May. They'll be gone until Monday so I'm having some people over. You can finally meet my friends." Sam included a playful winking face at the end of the message. 

"Ok." You could sense a lack of enthusiasm in Chris' text. 

"Or...not" 

"Sorry, I'm putting clothes back on." 

"Still a little fumed?" 

"Yeah." 

"Are you home?" 

"No I'm leaving the gym now. I won't be home for 15 minutes." 

"Ok text me when you're pulling in. Stay in your car." 

"Oh...kay." 

Chris did not know what Sam was scheming but he could use anything to get his mind off his anger. When he was pulling into his neighborhood, he sent Sam a text to notify her of his arrival. When he pulled into the driveway, he put his car in park, killed the engine, and rubbed his eyes in an attempt to relax. When he opened his eyes, he saw Sam tiptoeing out of her house towards his car. She had on a baggy pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt. It was nothing glamorous but she still looked good. She tapped on the window and Chris unlocked the door to let her in. 

"Hi, Sunshine" said a playful Sam. 

"What's up, sexy." 

"Still feeling a little blue?" Sam lightly ran her fingers through Chris' hair which was still drying from the gym. 

"A little bit. Sorry for sounding like a dick earlier." 

"It's ok. I just wanted to come out and make you feel better." 

"Oh yeah? How are you going to do that?" 

Sam moved her hands to the waistband of Chris' gym shorts. "I'm going to give you a blowjob." 

She pulled his shorts and underwear down to the middle of his thigh to expose his package. 

"You know we can do this inside." 

"Yeah...but where's the fun in that?" 

Sam put Chris' cock into her mouth. It was limp at first but it did not take long to harden. She gave slow sucks at first and would moan out of the pleasure of having Chris in her mouth. Chris took a deep breath and finally was able to start to relax as he rested his head against the driver seat headrest. His eyes would jaunt around the neighborhood to make sure they were not being watched, or that God forbid Sam's aunt and uncle would walk out. 

With Chris now fully erect, Sam's sucks became longer. He pulled her hair back and she gripped the bottom of his shaft. She started to deep throat his cock as the only sounds in the car were Sam's slurping and Chris' moans. 

"Holy fuck that feels so good!" 

Sam removed her mouth from Chris. "Can I have a kiss?" 

Chris planted his lips around Sam as the two exchanged a passionate kiss. Their tongues became intertwined with each other as she started stroking his wet cock. Before she went back to the blowjob, Chris slid his shorts to his ankles. Sam repositioned herself and began to give attention to Chris' testicles. 

"Oh God, no one's done this to me before." 

"Really? Well I'm happy to be your first." 

Sam went back to the act while stroking his shaft. The feeling was becoming overwhelming for Chris. He could feel all of his tension and frustration leave his body, while his cum was readying for release. 

"Shit I'm going to cum!" 

Sam stopped stroking and began sucking furiously. She wanted to suck him off until he came in her mouth, and that was exactly what she did. Chris was holding her hair up and when he climaxed, he almost pulled her up as a transfer in pleasure. He let go to allow her to finish, putting his hands on his forehead. The feeling he had was indescribable and he could only form a few words to express himself. 

"Holy fuck!" 

Sam giggled as she wiped her mouth with her hand. 

"That good huh? You seemed a little backed up there." 

"I didn't think I was but damn girl. You know how to get it out of me." Chris began to put his equipment back into his pants and gave Sam a soft kiss of the forehead. 

"Well I should probably get back inside. So do you want to come over tomorrow?" 

"Sure. What time?" 

"I'll text you when it's good to bounce on over. There's something I wouldn't mind doing with you, but I think it's better if we do it after everyone leaves and not before." 

"Well now you've got me curious." 

"Oh you're just going to have to wait and see." 

Each went back into their respective houses and went to sleep. The next day, Sam straightened up her house for company, and made some snack food in the kitchen. She was not expecting too many people like at the party Chris had, but she still wanted to be a prepared host. She put more thought into the underwear she would put on rather than the outfit she'd have on the rest of the night. She did not have any elaborate lingerie sets other than the black lace outfit she wore for Chris their first night together. She picked out a pair of pink plaid cheeksters with a black lace trim. They were comfortable enough to wear but skimpy enough to excite any man, especially Chris. She put on a simply black bra and finished the ensemble with a pair of snug jeans and a grey tank top. 

Chris did everything he was planning to do the night before if he still had a gig go to and was not receiving an amazing blowjob in the front seat of his car. He showed, shaved, styled his hair and trimmed his nails. After he accidently scratched marks into an opponent's face, he always made sure he kept everything neat and trim. Since Sam said this was a low key affair, he did not even conceive the thought of dressing up. He threw on t-shirt, a hooded sweatshirt, and a pair of warm-ups. 

Chris killed time by doing what he always did with his free time: watching old wrestling. Some of it was so bad it was good while some of it might spark his imagination for an upcoming match. 

Midway through a match from 1997, Sam sent Chris text saying he should come over. He shut off the TV, threw on his sneakers, and made the walk next door. Sam opened the door before he could even knock. She was all smiles at the sight of him and already had a glass of wine in her hand. 

"Hey hey!" 

"Hey yourself!" They both exchanged hugs. 

"Everyone this is my awesome neighbor Chris!" Chris waved to the room and got polite waves and smiles back. There were three women and two men already in the room. Each man seemed to be with a respective woman. Sam led Chris to the fridge and he helped himself to a beer. He went around and personally introduced himself to everyone there. It was a ritual that was taught to him in wrestling locker rooms as the perfect way to show respect. It often carried over to his everyday life. 

Sam was making herself a small plate of food by herself when Chris slid next to her. 

"So what's the plan for tonight?" 

"Kristina, the one in the blue, brought over the original Friday the 13th. I should have mentioned that earlier. Hope you like horror movies." 

"I love horror movies and love the classics even more." Chris then whispered into her ear. "And what's the plan later?" 

"Oh you just wait, sweetie." 

Everyone gathered into the living room, shut off all the lights for ambiance, and got their respective buckets of popcorn. Sam made sure to find a spot right next to Chris. During the course of the movie, Sam got closer and closer until she was cuddled up next to him. The low-key and fun environment continued to make Chris feel better about being de-booked that weekend. 

After the movie was done, everyone continued to hang around for a bit before they all started to systematically retire for the evening. One of Sam's female friends made the point that Chris looked in no hurry to leave. 

"Well I don't exactly have the longest commute home. That and I'm used to being awake until 3am." 

"Huh-huh, I'm sure that's the reason." 

Sam rolled her eyes and playfully slapped her friend's shoulder. Eventually the last person left as Sam walked them to the door, then locked it behind them. Chris was back on the couch helping straighten things up. Sam walked into the nearby kitchen and called back to Chris. 

"Hey can you do me a favor and peek out to make sure no cars are in the driveway?" 

Chris was confused, but it was an easy enough task to complete. 

"Nope the only car out there is yours." 

When he turned back around, he witnessed Sam dropping her jeans around her ankles. 

"Whoa." 

"Hi." Sam removed her tank top and motioned for Chris to come closer. "Come here." 

Chris walked over and wrapped his arms around her waist. Their lips meshed in a kiss. Their tongues intertwined as Sam started removing layers of Chris' clothing. She could feel his erect penis poking through his loose fitting warm-ups. 

"So do you want to know what I want to do tonight?" Sam stuck her hand down Chris' pants. He helped her out by taking off his pants and underwear. She started to lightly stroke his cock. 

"I'm all ears." 

"I've always wanted to have sex on a table." 

"Oh yeah?" 

"Yeah. And that's what I want to do tonight." 

"Yeah, what do you want me to do?" It seemed the more he talked, the harder Sam would stroke his penis. 

"I want you to fuck me on this table." 

"Is that what you want?" 

"That's what I want!" 

He put his hands under the voluptuous ass and lifted her onto the table. She shifted her position around so that her underwear could be taken off. After rubbing her clit with this thumb, Chris kneeled down before her and began going down on her, returning the favor she had given him the night before. 

"Oh my god Chris...you're really good at that!" 

Chris was sure not to bring her to climax just yet. This was simply an appetizer for the main course of Sam's apparent table fantasy. When he sensed she was closing in on an orgasm, he stopped and stood by up. 

"Did you like that?" he asked. 

Sam nodded in the affirmative. "I want to return the favor." 

"You did that yesterday." 

"I know but I want to do it again." 

"But I want to fuck you on this table." 

"Please let me suck your dick." 

"But I'm about to fuck you!" Chris started teasing her clit with the head of his penis before inserting its tip. The insertion took Sam aback, who gasped before leaning back on her elbows. 

"Ok, ok." 

Chris slowly pushed his cock all the way into Sam. He started with slow thrusts, giving Sam a passionate kiss each time. She moaned almost every time he thrust into her. 

"Oh god I've missed this." It had been a few weeks since Sam had Chris inside of her. It was a feeling she could not get enough of. Chris started to pick up his pace as she laid flat on her back. 

"This is so good, Chris!" 

"Is it everything you wanted?" 

"Yes! Don't stop!" 

Chris put her legs around his biceps and began to pound her. 

"Oh God, yes!" 

"Do you like this?" 

"I love it!" 

Chris' hard thrusts were causing Sam's tits to bounce up and down her chest. Her bra was barely containing them and it was driving him wild. The sight of her breasts and the sounds of her moans were driving him just as crazy as Sam was being driven. 

"I love seeing those tits bounce!" 

"Oh yeah! Make them bounce, baby! Oh god, I'm going...to cum!" 

With a small shriek and her hands clutching either side of the table, Sam climaxed over Chris' dick. They each took a moment to collect themselves and Sam had to roll her eyes forward from the back of her head. 

"Well now that seemed backed up" joked Chris. Sam laughed and swayed her hips motioning that she wanted him to continue. 

"You want me to keep going?" 

"Oh yeah I want more!" 

Chris gave a big thrust forward, entering all the way inside of Sam. 

"Oh God! Did I ever tell you that you're really big for me?" 

"Yeah? Do you like it?" 

"I love it!" 

"Tell me you love my cock?" 

"I LOVE your big cock! I want it from behind!" 

Chris pulled out and helped Sam off the table. The exchanged kisses and he turned her around on the table. She put her hands flat on the table and he rubbed his dick over her ass. 

"Whoa, don't get too many ideas, mister." 

"I wouldn't dream of it." 

He put his arms around her chest and began pecking at her neck. He could hear her breathlessly say "be rough with me." He bent her flat over the table and gave her butt a smack. 

"Yes!" 

"Oh you like that too, huh?" He did it again. 

"Yes! Yes I love it!" He did it one more time and plunged his cock into her pussy. 

"Oh God Chris! Don't stop!" 

Chris put his hands and her hips and thrust hard over and over. He was not sure of what Sam's limits were and how much she would be able to take. But every time he pumped his hips, she moaned a little louder so there would be no reason to stop. In order to catch his breath however, he did slow down. Sam did not approve of this decision. 

"No no, don't stop I'm about to cum so hard!" 

Chris picked his pace back up as Sam grabbed the table hard. 

"This is so fucking hot" murmured Chris. 

"I know!" said an excited Sam. "Keep going...I'm...right...THERE!" 

Sam came hard over Chris' dick. He could feel her juices flow over him and it became too much for him. He pulled out and sprayed his load over Sam's back and ass. Chris took a few steps back and leaned against a nearby wall to help lower his heart rate. Sam slowly pushed herself up from the table, struggling to stand. 

"My legs feel like Jello right now." 

"Here let me help you." Chris lent a head to help Sam steady herself. 

"Thank you, baby." 

"Anytime, hot stuff. Sorry I didn't really give you a warning. Just couldn't hold out any longer." 

"It's fine. I was going to let you finish anywhere you wanted. Do you mind if I go take a quick shower?" 

"Not at all, it's your house. You want me to head out of here." 

"No, no. Not if you don't want to. We have the entire house so if you really want, you can stay here." 

Chris was not expecting that response. "Oh ok. Sure if you don't care." 

"I don't mind." Sam put a hand on Chris' softening penis. "If you stay I'll wake you up with a blowjob." 

Sam showed Chris where her room was and went to take a quick hot shower. She had a Queen Sized bed so sharing with Chris was not an issue in terms of space for sleep. Chris only put his underwear back on and crawled into her bed to wait for Sam. She walked in wearing a more conservative pair of underwear and a t-shirt. She crawled into bed and cuddled up next to Chris. Both were spent from the sex so they fell asleep easily. 

At 8:00 the next morning, Chris' phone went off. He completely forgot about his daily morning alarm to go to the gym. He tried to shut it off quickly to not wake Sam. When he looked over, she was still fast asleep. He snuck out of the room, slipped on his clothes, and walk back next door. He changed into his gym clothes and left to work out. Sam must have woken up during his work out because when he got back to his phone, he saw a text message from her. 

"Aw you left me all alone." 

"Haha, sorry. Everyday's a hustle and I had to go to the gym." 

"Well let me know when you're coming back. I still owe you a blowjob." 

A smile came across Chris' face. "See you soon."