 The boy next door and I had been best friends ever since we were 5 years old. There weren't many other kids in the neighborhood so we did everything together, grade school, sports, even family vacations. Now we were both headed for college.

This last summer his family had taken a 3 month vacation around the country so we hadn't seen each other for some time. Those three months had changed me, my braces came off, I got contact lenses, let my hair grow long, and had gone from fairly flat-chested to a size 36C. I felt and looked like a young woman. Mike had changed too, he grew about 3 inches taller, his body was now a little more muscular, and his voice was deeper, he also had a great tan...I felt a little tingle I never felt before when I saw him again. We awkwardly said our hellos and just kind of stared at each other.

"How about a swim?" I offered, just to break the tension.

"Sure. I'll get my suit on and meet you at the pool," he said with a sigh of relief. I ran upstairs to change into my swimsuit.

While doing that I glanced out my window towards his house next door. He must have forgotten how close our houses were because his drapes were open and I could see into his room very clearly. Mike was removing his shirt, his chest was very muscular and had begun to show signs of dark hair, his stomach was flat and had those little ripples. He undid the button on his jeans and pulled down the zipper, I couldn't stop looking, he wasn't wearing any underwear!!

This was the first penis I had ever seen, it looked like a long pink snake hanging between his legs, it was surrounded by dark curly hair and had a big pair of "balls" hanging with it. Now my head swam, how could anyone ever put that inside them, or in their mouth. When he turned his back to the window I saw that his butt was kind of cute too, very muscular and not much bigger than two handfuls. I couldn't believe I was thinking these things.

Mike turned towards the window, he must have finally realized the drapes were open, I ducked back against the wall and hoped he hadn't seen me. The space between my legs felt funny, it was tingling and a little bit wet, I put one finger down there and a shiver went through my body....oooooohhhhhh that felt nice. I kept it up for a few minutes, a warm feeling spreading from my vagina all over my body. The picture that kept running through my mind was of Mike standing naked with that long thing between his legs, I couldn't stop thinking about it.

I remembered the real thing was waiting for me by the pool so I hurried and put on my suit and headed downstairs. Mike was standing by the side of the pool. I could see the outline of his penis in his swim trunks. I'm sure I must have been staring. "Karen, is everything all right?"

"Just daydreaming," I answered. We both dove in and swam the length of the pool.

When I stood up in the shallow end I had to adjust my top, it was falling down a little and I was showing quite a bit of my breasts, this time it was Mike who was staring. "You, uh, have really changed, uh, since I saw you last. You look beautiful."

I blushed from head to toe - no one had ever told me that before. We swam for awhile more then sat poolside and talked. While we did I started to put tanning lotion on my shoulders and arms.

"I'll do your back," Mike offered, so I handed it to him and lay face down on my towel. His hands began rubbing lotion slowly along my shoulders and the back of my neck, I got that tingle again between my legs but couldn't do anything about it. He rubbed warm lotion all over my back and then moved to the area just above my swimsuit bottom.

His hands were warm and soft on my skin and when he put them on my thighs I didn't complain. He massaged lotion into the back of my legs and his hands rubbed the inner part of my thighs, I wanted him to touch me on my pubic area but he didn't. I think it became too much for him, he stopped and said he had to get home, he'd call me later. I wasn't quite sure what had happened but I hurried into the house and upstairs to see if I could catch him in his room again.

No luck this time, the blinds were closed, but I could see that a pair of hands was parting them just enough for "someone" to peek out of and into my room. Well, I had seen Mike earlier, maybe I should repay the favor and pretend I didn't know he was watching. I started to move as if I were dancing slowly, I turned my back to the window and reached behind myself to unhook my swimsuit top, I took it off and let it lay over my shoulder.

I put my hands over my breasts and turned around, Mike was still peeking I could tell, so I let my hands move away from my breasts and to my sides. As they moved I let my fingers rub against my nipples, I loved the way it felt, I was beginning to get that warm feeling between my legs again, only this time I knew why. I turned my back to the window again and continued to move my hips from side to side, I hooked my fingers in the bottom of my swim suit and pulled it down very slowly over my butt. I knew Mike could see me now naked and it made me feel very sexy, I was wet between my legs.

My hips continued to sway side to side as I turned around to face the window, this was so exciting!!! I knew Mike could see me nude, he could see my breasts, my pubic area, everything. I put my hand between my legs and began to play with myself, knowing that Mike was watching made me very hot. I let a finger go inside myself, the first time that had happened, and began to rub the little bump at the top of my vagina. In just a few minutes i started to shiver all over and my vagina squeezed my finger and let some juice drip out.

Just then the phone in my room rang and startled me, I picked it up "hello Karen, ......I wish that was my hand, I'd love to touch you like that and make you feel like a woman." Mike's voice sounded deeper and very sexy. "Take your hand and put it on your breast" he told me, I stood in front of the window and did as the voice told me. "Now draw circles around the outside of your breast and make them smaller and smaller until you reach your nipple" I did, and my heart began to beat faster, I could feel my nipples harden, and waited for Mike to tell me what to do next.

"Take your nipple between your thumb and forefinger and roll it around, pinch it gently, and squeeze your breast" In my mind it was Mike doing this to me, and I really wanted him to. "Take your other hand and put two fingers inside your wet little pussy". That's the first time anyone had called it that, I liked the sound of the word..pussy. "now rub yourself on your clit, that little bump at the top of your pussy, put your fingers in as deep as you can" I was hot all over now, my nipples were hard between my fingers and my "pussy" was all wet, my fingers were slipping in and out of it easily and I could feel myself getting tense again between my legs. "Faster now Karen, and look out your window at me, this is what your little show has done" I looked up and there was Mike in front of his window, blinds wide open, naked, and he was holding his thing in his hand, moving his hand up and down on it. I didn't know why but it made me even hotter. My pussy tightened up and let even more juices out than last time.

Mike could hear me on the phone breathing hard and making little moaning sounds. He started to breath hard too and his hand moved faster and faster until stuff shot out the tip "I want you to do this to me Karen, and I want to touch you and make you feel good all over too, would you like that?" I whispered "yes Mike, I want you to touch me, and I want to know what your thing feels like. Can we do this again later? I'll leave my drapes open so you can watch me whenever you want." I blew him a kiss and hung up the phone, he blew me one and hung up too. His thing was still big, but now it hung again between his legs dripping stuff on the floor, I was wet too on my pussy lips, I turned and headed for the shower wondering what I would do if I had the chance to touch Mike's dick.

I heard my mom's voice "Karen, your dad and I, and the Kleins are going out for the evening, Mike is going to come over here, you two can order pizza and watch a movie if you want, don't wait up" "OK mom, see you later" my mind raced, Mike was going to be here all evening. I didn't put on any panties or a bra, I slipped into a loose fitting pair of shorts and tank top that hugged my body like a second skin. I heard my folks leave as Mike came in the door. "I'm upstairs Mike, come on up" As his footsteps got closer my heartbeat got louder in my ears, what would he say, what would I do, I was tingling all over my body.

"Hi Karen, you look great" he came right to me and took me in his arms. His lips locked unto mine and we kissed deeply, I thought I would faint. I could feel his thing growing in his jeans, as his tongue entered my mouth, I'd never Frenched before but I mimicked the movements of his tongue. His hands were all over me already, his hands felt my ass, cupping my cheeks and pulling me toward him, he ran his fingers over my breasts and let his thumb push on my nipples, God I wanted to see him naked again!!!

I grabbed his shirt and pulled it over his head, I started to rub his chest like he did to me, his nipples got hard too and I bent to kiss them with my mouth. Mike squirmed a little "mmmm that feels nice, don't stop" I wasn't about to, while I nibbled on his nips I reached down and undid his jeans, they fell to the floor and his thing popped free.

Up close it was huge, it stood straight up and reached his bellybutton! It looked so smooth I had to touch it, it jumped when my fingers reached for it, it was hard, and I could feel it pulse in my fingers, Mike moaned and asked me "kiss my cock Karen, take it in your mouth, don't be afraid" I trusted Mike, I got to my knees and took his "cock" in both my hands. I wasn't sure what to do, this was my first time, I looked up at Mike "treat it like a popsicle, just lick it and suck on it" I opened my mouth and let my tongue run along the length of Mike's dick, it was warm and felt hard.

I licked it from the balls all the way up to the tip and then let my tongue circle the tip, Mike was moaning so I guess I was doing o.k. I opened my mouth and let the tip pass my lips, his cock slipped into my mouth easily and I let it go in as far as it could. I felt so sexy doing this, Mike moved his hips so that his cock moved in and out of my mouth on it's own. I took one hand and held his hairy balls, they filled my palm and I rubbed and squeezed them gently while I continued to suck and lick his huge dick.

The area between my legs was now completely wet, I could feel juices running down my leg and I was glad I wasn't wearing panties. After a few minutes I looked up at Mike's smiling face "my knees are a little sore, can we lay down on the floor" Mike said "sure, but first I want to help you out of your clothes, so I can see how beautiful you look"

I stood up and Mike reached for my tanktop, he pulled it slowly up over my head letting his fingers touch my skin as he did so, his thumbs paused on my nipples and sent a shiver through me. He looked at my naked breasts and reached out to touch them, his palms ran over my tits, making my chest warm, I could almost feel them growing under his touch. Mike took my nipples between his fingers and pinched them, but not hard. My hands were on his cock, I couldn't stop touching it, rubbing it up and down. Mike bent down and started to kiss my breasts all over, his tongue licked them in circles until he let the tip of his tongue flick at my hardened nipple.

Then he took my nipple in his mouth and began to suckle my tit like a baby, my pussy was now itching to be touched, I wanted Mike to put his fingers there, I wanted his cock to be there filling me up. Mike reached down and pushed my shorts over my hips, I felt them slide down my legs to the floor and stepped out of them. I was now completely naked with Mike, my whole body wanted to be touched by his hands. He led me to the bed and I lay down waiting for him. "You are the most beautiful girl I've seen" he told me "I want to kiss you everywhere".

Mike lay down next to me and kissed my lips, I could feel his hard dick against my leg, his left hand found my tits and began to squeeze them gently. One of my hands found his butt and I could feel it very muscular and smooth, my other hand reached down to continue touching his dick. It was warm and hard in my fingers, there was some sticky stuff at the tip that I wiped with my fingers. Mike moved over me, his cock was now between my legs, he moved down so that he could suck and kiss my breasts. I moaned when his tongue and lips began to suckle each nipple, his breath was hot and his teeth scraped against the soft skin of my nipples causing my pussy to get wet with each little nibble.

I wanted to reach down and touch myself, but before I knew what was happening Mike's face was at my vagina!!! He began to kiss me there, and his tongue licked my pussy up and down, I began to shiver with the excitement, my legs locked around his head. Mike used his fingers to open the lips of my wet little pussy as I had done earlier, only now it was his tongue not my fingers that were inside me. My whole body shook as his tongue went inside me, I could feel my own juices running from me and down my ass crack.

I began to moan loudly now calling Mike's name. He looked up at me with a smile on his face, his chin wet with my juices. I pulled him up to me again, and took his face in my hands, I began to kiss him and tasted my juices mixed with his kisses. His cock was now at my pussy, I opened my legs a little wider and he slipped into me, oh god this felt awesome!!! Mike's cock filled me up, he began to move slowly up and down over me, his cock moving in and out of my cunt, I locked my legs behind his back and tried to hold on as he pumped in and out of me. His chest crushed my tits and his mouth and mine were locked together while I felt his cock enter and leave me over and over.

Then something great happened. I could feel myself getting warm all over, my nipples were very hard, and I was breathing in short little breaths, my pussy began to tighten up on Mike's cock and he was now breathing hard too, telling me "I'm going to cum Karen" I didn't know what he meant but I could tell his cock was getting harder and his balls were now close to his body.

At that moment I felt myself start to shiver from my pussy up through my whole body. I felt faint and warm all over I could feel my pussy quiver, and then Mike stiffened up. He shoved his cock deep inside me and I felt it throb, then I felt something warm inside me. His dick throbbed over and over, with each jump I felt the warm stuff go in me. I realized it was the stuff I had seen earlier in the day come shooting from his dick. I felt some drip out of my pussy and dribble down my skin. My pussy grabbed Mike's cock each time it pumped and he was breathing hard and pushing deep in me.

When we both stopped shaking he held me in his arms. His cock lost it's hardness and slipped from my cunt, it hung down between his legs again dripping "cum". I reached down and let some get on my hand, which I brought to my mouth and licked off. It tasted sweet to me and Mike smiled at me as I did this. "I want to taste you in my mouth Mike, can you cum again, this time in my mouth?" I think you know the answer.