 Sam found herself in her room looking in the mirror, unsure about how to handle the problem she was now facing. She texted one of her girlfriends, but she always just tells the most positive. After scrolling her contacts, she came across Chris' number. He had been away doing a tour of Canada and their communication had not been what it has been. It was partially her fault as well as the hospital had been having her work more hours than she ever had before. She wanted to talk to him but did not feel this was an appropriate question to ask him. Out of options, she fired off a text and waited to see if he was even available to talk. 

"Hey neighbor, how's Canada?" 

After a few minutes, which seemed like hours to Sam, Chris responded. 

"Great. At a probably one of the seediest dive bars I've ever been to with some of the boys. But since its Canada, it's still cleaner than any in the states." 

"Haha, nice. See any good looking woman." 

"There's a rat here that either works on a farm or is a linebacker in the CFL." 

"Rat?" 

"Wrestling term. It's like a groupie but worse." 

"Ew." 

"Exactly." 

"So...I have a problem. Can you help?" 

"I guess. I am in another country." 

"No it's ok. I can send pictures." 

"Oh god I'm not going to have to identify a rash am I?" 

"God no. You know I work at a hospital right? I can do that myself." 

"Good point. What's up." 

"Well, I was told apparently I've been wearing the wrong bra size. I wear a 38DD but apparently I should be in a 42DD? So I bought one and I need to tell you which make them look better." 

"This is the greatest problem I've ever heard of." 

Sam sent the pictures over to Chris who tried to keep his phone out of the eyes of others at the bar. Both photos made her breasts look amazing but Sam needed specifics. 

"The first one pushes them up more, which is awesome. But they sit better in the second." 

"Really?" 

"Yeah. I don't lie about titties, Sam." 

"Well I'll be. Turns out I have bigger boobs than I thought." 

"And they're a pair of great ones, baby." 

"Thank you! They can be yours when you come home." 

"Haha, I'll probably be home for a night. I'll leave in 2 days, be home for a day, then drive to Maryland." 

"Where at?" 

"Baltimore. Charm City Wrestling." 

"Aw I love Baltimore." 

"So come with." 

"Huh?" 

"The promoter is paying for a hotel room for me. I'm driving down that morning with one of the boys and his girlfriend. We're going to do the Aquarium and Inner Harbor before the show. Come with! You can finally see me wrestle." 

Sam was taken aback by the seemingly spur the moment request. 

"Man, how drunk are you?" 

"I'm only...4...no 5 deep. But seriously, I want you to come." 

"Oh do you?" 

"Oh I get it. I always want you to do that, but I always want you to come to Maryland with me. It would keep me from being the third wheel anyway." 

After a few minutes, which felt like hours for Chris, she finally responded. 

"Ok. What do I need to bring?" 

"Whatever you feel like. It's not like we're staying at the Ritz but we'll have a room all to ourselves." 

"Want anything special?" 

"From you?" 

"Yeah. You helped me fulfill my table fantasy. Anything I can help you fulfill." 

"Hmm...I'll think about it. In the mean time, I'm going to swat away these Canucks and pass out on a friends couch. Oh the luxury of a wrestler. See you soon, sexy." 

Chris and Sam corresponded a little the next morning before he had to get on the road back into the states. Chris was always an efficient wheelman and hated being a passenger for long trips, so he took the role as driver naturally. Depending on who was in his car, he would either charge them a case of beer or charge twenty cents a mile which would usually cover all of the gas with a little bit extra. 

Chris got home late at night and found Sam was working a shift at the hospital. He showered, washed his gear, and then passed out in bed. He spent his day off resting his muscles and relaxing his brain for the next trip. The wrestler he'd be traveling with, "Primetime" Ryan Owens, real name Brian Frederick, only lived an hour and a half away from Chris' house. He was leaving his car in Pennsylvania while Chris drove them down to Maryland for the weekend. 

With the trip only hours away, he had not heard from Sam in sometime. He was watching television in his living room when he heard a knock on his front door. It was Sam, still in her scrubs. 

"Oh hey stranger. Everything ok?" 

"Yeah why" asked a confused Sam. Even in medical scrubs Chris still found her attractive. 

"Because I haven't heard much from you and now you're knocking on my door past midnight." 

"Oh...yeah sorry. Hospital hours, you know?" 

"Yes I keep wrestler hours. So what's up? You still in for tomorrow?" 

"Yes. I have my bag all packed. Even have a little outfit just for the show. I was wondering...is it ok if I sleep on the ride down?" 

"Why wouldn't it be?" 

"Cool...just checking." 

"That seriously can't be the only thing you were wondering about." 

"It's not...can I sit this is awkward." 

Both took seats on the couch. Chris was unsure what kind of bombshell, if any, Sam was about to deliver. 

"So...I know I told you that you can fulfill one of your fantasies..." 

"Yes..." 

"Well...the thing is...I started my period yesterday." 

"Oh thank God!" 

"Huh?" 

"Sorry, it's just, I mean come on. The stammering, the talk about sex, I was fully prepared to hear you're pregnant." 

"Oh god no!" 

"But you see how that sounded right?" 

"I do now but, man, I like booze way too much, I'm on the pill, and you pull out half the time." 

"Well bullet dodged. Want a beer?" 

"Would love to but I need to get out of these scrubs." 

"I can help with that." 

"Hey! Period! Can I finish my thought." 

"Oh right. Go ahead." 

"So anyway, I don't know what kind of experiences you've had but I don't really do...sex when it's that time of the month." 

"Say no more. I sadly have my Red Wings and I was not a fan." 

"Good. I just didn't want you to get your hopes up." 

"It's ok. I didn't really have any ideas anyway." 

"Well, start thinking for next time. I want to return the favor." 

"I'll start brainstorming tonight." 

"Sounds good. Well I need to get to sleep. See you tomorrow morning?" 

"Of course. Night, sexy." 

The pair exchanged kisses on their cheeks and retired for the night. 

The next morning, the other couple, Matt and Nikki, arrived at Chris' house and left their car for the weekend. Everyone piled into Chris' car and they started the two hour drive to Maryland. Chris did his best to make Sam feel comfortable while driving down south with people she never met before. Nikki was sweet and made sure she felt part of the group. After stopping at a rest stop, the two girls moved to the back seat and had their own conversation while Matt and Chris had their own talk about, what else, wrestling. 

When they got to Baltimore, they checked into their separate hotel rooms and decompressed for an hour or two before going into the inner harbor and the Aquarium. Sam was being her usual flirtatious self but Chris seemed a bit distant. He quelled her fears by just saying he was a little tired from the drive. He made himself a cup and coffee and they joined Matt and Nikki in the hotel lobby. 

They four of them made their way to the Aquarium and spent the day looking at the fish and enjoying the fantastic Maryland weather. While the long time couple of Matt and Nikki were constantly holding hands or had their arms around each other, Chris never took same by the hand and would only pull her close to say something into her ear. When they had a moment alone, Sam asked if the coffee had kicked in yet. Chris reassured her that it had and he was just focused on his match later that night. 

After grabbing some food at the Hard Rock Café, everyone went back to the hotel. Chris and Matt had to get to the venue early so they would be getting picked up by another wrestler, then Sam and Nikki would drive Chris' car over closer to bell time. 

Sam was lying across the bed semi-seductively while Chris got his gear and merchandise bag together. He only had two t-shirt designs, but independent wrestlers made the majority of their money on shirt sales so he had to make sure he had enough. 

"Think it's going to be warm enough to wear the skirt I packed?" 

"Air conditioning usually isn't a thing in these buildings so I'd say so." 

"Sweet. Let me change real quick." Sam got up off the bed and headed into the bathroom to change. Before closing the door, she pulled down her pants to show her ass off to Chris and blew him a kiss. After changing Chris tossed one of his shirts onto the bed. 

"Here you go, it's on the house. Be my cheering section." 

"Oh nice!" She ripped off the shirt she had on, revealing the black lace bra that she had on the first time she and Chris had sex. She tug on the straps to lift her breasts up making them look even bigger, but noticed she was not getting a reaction from Chris. 

"Really?!" 

"What?" asked a confused Chris. 

"You have been on like another planet all day. Do you, like, not want me here? Are you nervous? What's wrong?" 

"Nothing's wrong." 

"Bullshit. What is going on with you?" 

Chris rubbed his face with his hands and took a deep breath. "Do you really want to know?" 

"Yes!" 

"Ok...I want you." 

"Want me where?" 

"No, like, I want you. You've been all I can think about and I just want to fuck the shit out of you but I can't because you're on your period." 

"That it? That's why you've been distant?" 

"Yes. If I touch you in anyway close of how I want to, it will drive me insane so I've just been keeping it to a minimum. I want to fuck you all over this room and the fact that those amazing tits are out in that bra isn't helping." 

"Oh...sorry." Sam put Chris' shirt on. "Cool shirt, by the way." 

"Thank you." 

"So...is there anything I can do to relieve some of your stress?" she asked while tugging on the waist band of his gym shorts. 

"No, no, not right now. I don't have enough time and if I go half way I'm afraid I'll have blue balls for the entire night. We'll wait until after the show." 

"Ok, I'll keep my hands to myself. Just know that as soon as we get back to this room I'm going to give you such a good blow job." 

"Can't wait, babe." 

Chris gave her a kiss on the cheek and left the room to meet Matt downstairs. They were both picked up, driven to the venue and prepared for their nights ahead. Nikki and Sam eventually made their way over as well. The promoter had supplied tickets so they walked right in. They found seats right next to the ring. Nikki had been to numerous events so she filled Sam in on everything she needed to know. 

While people started to fill in, Chris made his way to the floor. He was wearing a Tapout Athletics t-shirt with the sleeves cut off and rip away warm-ups. He sought out Sam and Nikki and made their way over to greet them. 

"Ah I see you two found some good seats. Any issue getting here?" 

"Nope" replied Sam. "You all ready to go?" 

"Oh yeah, just got to loosen up more. I've got to go set my table up. Convince people to buy my shit." 

"Haha, I'll do my best." 

The building eventually filled up and Chris snuck back into the back. Matt was in the first match of the night. Even though he was a bad guy in the wrestling word, Sam and Nikki still cheered. A few matches later, it was time for Chris' match. A huge smile came over Sam's face when she found out he used a Journey song as his entrance theme. When he came through the curtain in all his gear, she felt as if she was looking at somebody else. He was not her neighbor anymore. Now he seemed like a rock star as he slapped hands with fans. The fact that she knew that despite all the girls fawning over him, she was going to be the one to take him home, turned her on like she could not believe. 

Chris' match went about fifteen minutes and the more it went on, the more Sam was impressed. He was so quick and agile and had the fans eating out of the palm of his hands. By the time he pulled out a springboard moonsault to the outside out of his arsenal, Sam was losing her mind. When he hit his finished move and one, she was out of her mind. 

When the show was over, Chris made his way back out in street clothes to try to sell as much merchandise and possible. Sam made her way over and Chris motioned her to come behind the table. 

"I can be back here?" 

"Of course. Hey, I've just got to get my draw from the promoter and we can bounce if you want. Matt and Nikki are going out with some people but I was just going to head back to the room." 

"What's a draw?" 

"Money." 

"Oh, right. Yeah that sounds good." 

Chris sold a few more shirts and took a few more pictures with fans before packing his bags and heading back to the room with Sam. Even though he still had a layer of sweat in his skin, Sam did not oppose to being held tight around the waist by Chris. 

"You were amazing by the way." 

"Thanks, I think it went pretty well too." 

"Think you'll be back?" 

"It's a bit of a haul but they said they want me back. Hopefully they'll spread my name around and I'll start getting more and more bookings." 

"Awesome!" 

"I just want to get back and shower. We can go out if you want or just chill in the room." 

"Yeah, let's just stay in. While you were wrestling I came up with an idea of what I want to do." 

"Yeah? What's that?" 

"You'll find out soon enough." 

When they got back to the room, Chris threw his backpack down, put his money he earned next to the bed stand, and started getting undressed. 

"Can I use the bathroom first?" asked Sam. "I'll warm the shower up for you." 

"Yeah sure go for it." 

Sam turned on the shower and did a quick check of her tampon to make sure everything was still presentable. With everything in the clear, she got naked a tied a towel around her body and opened the door. Chris was taken aback by the sight. 

"Whoa." 

"You say that a lot round me." 

"You keep giving me reasons to." 

"So I was thinking while we don't have the biggest shower, since you worked so hard tonight, I'd give you a hand in showering. I'll make sure every inch of you is clean. Like this idea?" 

"I think I love this idea." 

"Good." Sam dropped the towel to the ground and motioned Chris to come closer. 

When he made it to the bathroom, Sam pulled his shorts down, which sprung his already erect penis to attention. Chris took off his shirt and quickly grabbed one of Sam's breasts. He spun her around and began massaging both of them as he kissed her neck. 

"I can feel you poking me." 

"Should I apologize?" 

"Of course not! Let me warm up the shower." 

Sam managed to pull away from Chris long enough to turn on the water and get the shower warmed up. She exchanged a passionate kiss with Chris as he cupped a hand under her ass. As the shower got steamy, Sam went to her knees and put Chris in her mouth. He held her hair back as she gave him a quick sloppy blowjob. 

"Your dick is so hard." 

"I've been thinking about you all night." 

Sam stood up and Chris leaned down to press his lips against hers. Chris reached over and opened the shower curtain. 

"After you, my lady." 

Sam entered the shower then quickly turned around as the water washed over her. 

"Remember, nothing below my waist tonight. This is all about below yours." 

Chris nodded and kissed Sam and he joined her in the shower. His hands quickly found their way to her breasts and hers went back to around his shaft. Chris put one of her breasts in his mouth and Sam struggled to keep stroking him. 

"Babe I can't play with you if you keep doing that." 

"I'll stop. We'll wash each other." 

Both took turns rubbing soap over each others' bodies as the hot water from the shower steamed up the entire room. Chris made sure to get Sam's tits as clean as possible and Sam made sure to do a thorough job on his dick. 

"I'd blow you but I think this shower is a tad small." 

"Sorry, wrestler's salary. Maybe sometime soon I'll take you to a non-work trip. Make sure we get a suite." 

"I'd love that. You know what I'd do in that suite?" 

"No, tell me." 

Sam got close and almost whispered. "Fuck the shit out of you in every corner." 

While his dick was already rock hard, Chris stiffened a little bit more. Sam's hand went back to giving it as good of a stroke that the space would allow her. 

"If you turn around I can stroke this better." 

"No I want to look at you. Let me do it." 

Chris took himself in his hand and started jerking off feverously. It took same aback who looked back at Sam with lust in her eyes. 

"Oh my god, this is hot." Chris gave Sam a passionate kiss, never stopping his hand. "Does that feel good to you baby?" Chris could only nod. "Yeah? Have you ever...pleasured yourself like this thinking about me before?" He nodded in the affirmative, causing Sam to bite her lower lip. "Ohhh fuck that turns me on hearing that. I've done the same to you." This time Sam was the one to kiss the hard, passionate kiss. "Keep stroking it, baby. Don't stop, I want you to cum for me. Stroke that hard cock of yours." 

Chris stroked with one hand and grabbed one of Sam's tits with the other. 

"Oh yeah baby you love my tits don't you? Hmm, your hand feels so good. You want me to play with them?" 

Chris moved his hand down to her waist as she started fondling herself. 

"Yeah this tits are all yours baby. I can't wait until your hard cock is between them again." Sam could feel herself getting more and more turned on. "My god the moment that my period is over I've coming over and riding that cock." 

All the dirty talk started to build up for Chris. 

"Fuck I'm going to cum." 

"Yeah? Do it! Cum on my tits baby. Let's go outside and cum on my tits. Or let me swallow you!" 

Chris pushed open the shower curtain and stuck one leg out to give Sam more room. 

"Get on your knees." 

"Yes, sir. Want me to shove my tits together for you? These big 42DDs!" 

"Yes, oh fuck." 

"Yes do it. Do it! Cum on these tits!" 

His knees buckled as Chris shot his entire built up load all over Sam's chest. It was one of the biggest loads he's ever had and could not believe that the more he stroked the more came out. When he was finally empty, he had to brace himself against the wall. Sam was once again taken aback. 

"Oh my god! Good thing I'm in a shower. Come back in we'll wash each other off again." 

After cleaning each other for a second time, the two ended their shower experience and began to dry off. With a towel wrapped around his waist, Chris checked his phone and noticed a text from Matt. 

"Hey Sam, Matt said there's a hotel party on the third floor with a bunch of boys. You up for it?" 

"Do I have to dress back up again?" 

"God no. It's going to be a lot of tank tops and short shorts. And that's just the guys. Here, take this." 

Chris reached into his bag and tossed her one of the t-shirts he didn't sell. 

"It's on the house. Now let's go get our drink on." 

A week later after the trip, Chris was back at home playing video games in his living room when there was a knock on his door. 

"One sec!" shouted Chris from his couch. He finished up the inning and went to the door to find Sam. 

"Oh hey. Come on in." 

Sam said nothing, just walked into the door. 

"What's up?" 

"Well I told you in Maryland that once my period was done I was going to do this so..." 

Sam pushed Chris back onto his couch. 

"I've only got a few minutes so get hard." Sam started taking off her shorts and panties as Chris laid there stunned. 
