 Chris was only 26 but had already lived quite the life. He had been a big pro wrestling fan his entire life and when he graduated high school, told his parents he wanted to train to become one of his own. While they supported him in any decision he wanted to make, they told him he needed to go to college first. Knowing that waiting a full four years before starting his training would put him behind the 8-ball, he pulled double duty and trained at a wrestling school in Philadelphia while attending Eastern State University. While the extra work meant he could barely keep his grades above a C-average, he still managed to graduate and give his parents the diploma they wanted him to earn. Two weeks after graduation, his wrestling trainer threw him in a van and Chris got to experience life on the road as a traveling wrestler. He was in love with the lifestyle instantly.

While the stereotype of a wrestler is someone who 6'5 and weighed 300 pounds of carved marble, Chris fit the new mode of wrestler. He only stood at 6'1 and weighed only 180 pounds. What he lacked in size he had in speed and agility. As pro wrestling became more and more of his world, he started to get more chiseled but never became anything close to a hulk of a man. His body, agility, and youthful look made him the perfect good guy, or babyface. He was traveling up and down the east coast, making a name for himself, and was doing it all on his own.

Right before he graduated college, he got engaged to his college girlfriend. He thought it made sense that since his vocational life was going to be wild, his personal life should be stable. They quickly got married and bought a small town house in a suburb of Philadelphia. It was a whirlwind marriage, but as Chris' wrestling career took off, the marriage started to show signs of trouble. He was on the road more and more and his young wife hated to be alone. She hated it so much that she started to sleep with anyone she could find on Tinder inside of their house in the bed she shared with him. When he found out, divorce was the only option. 

The divorce went relatively smoothly. As angry as Chris was, he was always a laid back guy and knew that since his wife was in the wrong, he had nothing to be ashamed of. She was at least self-aware enough that she was the one that did the damage so the divorce proceedings were rather painless. She kept the most of the furniture and the personal things she became attached to and would send Christ about $500 a month to cover the mortgage. He got to keep the house. While it was now mostly empty, he was going out on the road so much that he only really needed a bed, a TV, and washing machine. The basement of the house was always his Man Cave, equipped with its own bar, which he got to keep himself since he and his father built it with their own hands.

He never really took much stock into finding a new relationship. He had rushed into one earlier and had no inclination to rush into another one. Whenever he was home, he was content with watching football with his friends, having a few beers, and the occasional casual sex encounter. 

There were four other houses in his row. He was friendly with his neighbors but did not have much of a relationship with any of them. He shared a driveway and a walkway with the neighbors to his left. They were a kind couple in their mid-fifties who kept to themselves and never bothered whenever he had friends over. If it ever snowed he would shovel out their driveway, take their trashcans in from the curb, that sort of thing. One day while coming back from the gym, he noticed a lime green Volkswagon Beetle in their drive-way. It definitely wasn't driven by either of the neighbors, but figured there was just a relative visiting them. However he noticed that the Beetle was there more and more. He finally encountered then owner when it was pulling into the driveway as Chris was coming back in from a run around the neighborhood.

The driver came out and Chris was immediately taken aback. She stood no more than five feet tall with long blonde hair. She was built like a brick house. While he did not know her exact measurements by looking at her fully clothed, she was 42-30-46 with a pair of 38DD breasts. He was simply going to nod and smile and go about his day, but remembered how his mentor in the wrestling business always told him to be more spontaneous and personable when it came to talking.

"Oh hey. I was wondering who drove that car."

The woman smiled and removed her sunglasses to lock onto eye contact. "Haha yeah. You must be Chad."

"Chris but close."

"Chris! I'm so sorry!"

"It's ok. You at least were in the ballpark. I don't even know anything about your name to guess it wrong."

"Haha true, I'm Sam."

"Nice to meet you Sam. I'd shake your hand but they get sweaty when I run."

"Oh I hear that. I'm the same way whenever I work out."

"So are you renting a room or..."

"Oh, kind of. They're my Aunt and Uncle. They're letting me stay here for a little bit since I just got a job out here."

"Oh what do you do?"

"I'm a Nurse. Just got out of school a month or two or go and got a job at High View Hospital and they live a lot closer then my old place in the city."

"Oh very cool. Well I don't want to keep you from..."

"Jake and Eve. You didn't know their name did you?"

"Well they apparently thought my name was Chad so consider us even."

Sam laughed and they both said their goodbyes and went inside. After he kicked his shoes off, Chris thought to himself the new possibilities that arose now that a hot young bombshell would be living next door for the foreseeable future. Maybe it would give him some extra motivation to stay home a little more. Sam was stuck in his mind was he got undressed and hopped in the shower. As he thought about her round tits and sultry eyes, he noticed his dick was getting hard. Knowing that having this frustration was not going to make his day easier, he quickly jerked off to the fantasy of Sam. He finished up, ran cold water for a few seconds, and dried off.

Chris and Sam never really encountered much over the next two weeks. One Sunday, Chris was recovering from the local wrestling show he took part in the night before and getting some friends and beers together to watch that week's Eagles game against the Packers. He ran to his car grab something when he noticed Sam heading to her car, donned in a Packers jersey.

"Oh dear god you're a Packers fan."

Sam flexed and gave Chris a smirk. "Damn right."

"Well nobody's perfect. Where are you off to?"

"I don't know yet. There's that sports bar I may check out. None of my friends in the City feel like coming down and I work later tonight so I don't feel like going up. Probably just bar hop until I find somewhere I can watch in relative peace."

"Well while I may root for a superior team, my basement is usually football central. I've got a handful of friends already on their way over. Why don't you just watch it here?"

"I won't intrude?"

"You may catch some shit before liking Green Bay but you seem like you can handle it."

"Can I dish shit back?"

"I'd be offended if you didn't."

"Well then, change of plans. Count me in."

"Well come on in. I'll give you a quick tour then you can grab a beer. Don't cost nothing."

Chris opened his doors to Sam and gave her a quick tour of the house. There was not much furniture still in the house, but it was still impressive for one person.

"So you live here by yourself?"

"Yeah. Had a wife living with me but she turned out to be a cheating whore so now it's just me."

"Oh...sorry."

"Eh don't be. Not like she's dead or anything. Well dead to me."

"Well her loss. So what do you do?"

"I'm a pro wrestler."

"Haha, no seriously."

"No really. I'm a pro wrestler. Google 'Chris Tiger'."

Sam pulled out her phone, searched Google Images, and then was taken aback with what she saw. "Oh holy shit that is you."

"Yup, been doing it for a few years now. That's why I'm usually not here on the weekend. I worked last night which is why I may be walking around like an old man."

Sam was seemingly half listening as she kept scrolling images. "Sorry I'm trying to find a picture of you in a Speedo or something."

"Good luck. I wear long tights. The Speedo is under the tights. Keep searching as we walk downstairs."

Chris showed her downstairs, which had his stocked bar, couches, and a projector instead of the usual television. His two friends came over to join them for the game. Lots of barbs were thrown Sam's way but she gave them right back. By the time the game was over, Sam taunted the boys about the big Packers win and boos rained down from the room.

"Well as fun as this has been, I need to save lives at the hospital so I need to go."

"Oh the odds of their being a big disaster are slim. Have another beer" quipped Chris.

"Tempting but I'll take a rain check."

"Well I'll walk you to the door. I'd walk you home but you can figure that shit out on your own."

Chris was ever the gentleman and walked Sam to the front door, as she pulled out her phone.

"What's your number?"

"555-6769."

"Cool. Sending you a text."

Seconds later Chris got a message from Sam that just read 'Packers Rule'.

"So want to delete this....but I won't. Have fun at work. Hey, what are you doing this Saturday?"

"I may have to work but I don't know. Why what's up?"

"I'm having a party with a bunch of my wrestling buddies. They're bringing their girlfriends so it won't be as much of a sausage fest. You should come."

"Ooo sounds like fun. I will keep you posted. Here give me a hug."

Sam and Chris pressed their chests together. She enjoyed the feeling of his cut body and he enjoyed the feeling of her big breasts.

Later in the night, Chris got a selfie text from Sam, posing in her scrubs.

"It's slow tonight."

"I don't do selfies. Just Google me more."

"Haha, I was showing some co-workers your pictures because they didn't believe me. What kind of name is 'Chris Tiger' anyway?"

"Haha, well I guess thank you? Get my name out some more. When I started training, I always wore a Tiger Schullman's Karate shirt. There was another Chris at the school, so I became Chris Tiger. It was a name I could name moves and a character around, so it stuck."

"Very cool. I know nothing about wrestling. You're not on like WWE or anything are you?"

"Not yet, haha. I think some matches are on YouTube but I can't watch myself. I do find it unfair that you keep oogling my pictures at work. I'm not a piece of meat you know."

"Haha, well if you add me on Facebook I think there's some old bikini photos of me."

"Adding now, haha."

"Haha. OH YEA! I was scheduled to work but my friend can cover for me. So I'll see you then!"

"Very nice!"

Chris found Sam's Facebook profile and began digging through pictures like a stalking sixteen year old. She was freshly 22 years old and the one picture he found was from when she was 19. Facially she looked a little younger but the breasts were still on full display. He felt himself getting hard again and found it hard to believe that he was going to jerk off to Sam yet again. He closed his laptop but then decided to give into a little temptation.

When Saturday rolled around, Chris did a quick clean job around the house, stocked the bar, and put on some old wrestling on his projector. Not only did all of his wrestling buddies get a kick out of some World Championship Wrestling from the early Nineties, but even the novice fan got a kick out of how ridiculous everything was back then.

Shortly after the first few guests arrived, Sam made her long trek next door and knocked on the front door. Chris's friend and in-ring rival "Sleazy" Shane Jackson answered the door.

"Hi welcome. You must be Sam, Chris told me to expect you."

"Oh how nice of him."

Chris made his way upstairs to greet Sam.

"Did you actually knock? That's adorable most people just walk in like assholes. I see you met Shane. We'll be beating the shit out of each other in a match next week."

"Nice to meet you. You mean you guys are actually friends?"

"Yes. I'm going to let you in on a secret...wrestling is fake."

"Wha?!? Way to kill me dreams. Well here I brought a bottle of something."

Chris was expecting to unbag a bottle of wine, but instead found a bottle of Fireball Whiskey.

"Well, well, well, welcome to the party. Come on I'll introduce you to everyone."

Sam and Chris made the rounds around the room. Sam fit right in with the group. They started out on opposite ends of the bar, but as drinks kept flowing, they got closer and closer. Sam found Chris' line of work fascinating and wanted to know anything she could about the world of pro wrestling. Chris made sure to still ask about Sam's job, but she was more interested in talking about anything else. Throughout the night, they would exchange looks and winks. As the night wound down, neither had made a full move on each other. Eventually everyone left except for Sam and Chris.

"Man, I really don't want to go home."

"So don't?"

"But don't you need sleep?"

"I do but I'm used to making late night drives for a hundred miles or so. It's cheaper than a hotel. What about you?"

"I work in a hospital honey. Sleep is irrelevant."

There was still some distance between the two, and Sam decided she wanted the distance eliminated.

"Here let me pull one of your matches on YouTube. Tell me what I'm to look for."

"Oh jeez, you're going to make me watch myself?"

"Oh it will be fun. Scootch in."

Chris sat right over her shoulder with his arm around her waist. They both watched one of Chris's recent matches as he told stories about how a match is planned, what he was thinking during the match, etc.

"I'm sorry this is forward but you have a really nice body."

"Don't be that's why I wrestle shirtless. It's all about the look."

The two glanced at each other but nothing happened. You could cut the sexual tension with a knife, but neither wanted to make the first move. They finished watching the match, and Sam decided it was time for her to go. Chris took her hand and walked to her to the front door. 

"I had such a great time tonight, Chris."

"So did I. I need to take you to somewhere other than my basement sometime."

"I'd love that."

Sam went in and they engaged in a tight hug. Again, neither was making a move. Sam looked at Christ one last time and smiled. She reached for the door and her hand lingered on the handle for a few seconds. Chris took the chance and put his hand on hers and took it off the knob. He put his other hand behind her head and pulled her in for a kiss. Their lips meshed together and their tongues eventually joined in as well. All of the sexual tension throughout the night was exploding by his front door. Chris put both hands under Sam's ass and lifted her up so they would be in the same level. He pressed her against the front door as their lips finally parted ways.

"God I want to take you upstairs."

"Yes please."

"Alright then."

The two laughed as Chris put Sam back on the ground. She started to run up to the stairs as Chris gave her butt a playful slap. Both had their shirts ripped off before they reached the top of the steps. The bedroom door swung upon and Chris almost threw Sam on the bed. The resumed their passionate kissing as Chris's hands started to fondle her breasts. He started kissing the top of her breasts and began to reach back to unhook her bra before she stopped him.

"Wait, wait I want to show you something."

Both stood up as Sam undid her jeans and slid her tight jeans off. She was in front of him in her black lace bra and matching lace panties.

"I picked this outfit out just in case this happened. Do you like it?"

"I can form words. You're absolutely the sexiest thing I've ever seen." Chris unknowingly began grabbing his hard cock.

"Take your pants off too. Better yet, I'll do it."

Sam undid Chris's belt and ripped his pants and underwear off. As soon as they hit the ground, she got on her knees and put Chris's dick in her mouth. She blew him as if she had been holding back the urge to do it all night, because she was. Chris could only take deep breaths and hold Sam's hair back to keep her sucking. When he could take no more, he put his hand under her chin and lifted her for a kiss. He was expecting her to stand up, but she went right back to blowing him.

"Holy fuck!"

Sam moaned in approval with his dick in her mouth. Chris needed to be inside her, so he used his strength to pry her from his deck and bent her over his bed. He gave her ass a firm slam and peeled her panties off of her. He rubbed her clit as she got on all fours. He pulled her ass cheeks apart and began eating out her pussy.

"Oh...my..God Chris!"

Her pussy was already soaking wet, and Chris only made it wetter. With his dick throbbing, he stopped licking her clit and prepared to enter her.

"Fuck me, Chris. Fuck me!"

Chris plunged his cock straight into her pussy. He had thoughts of starting out slow, but instead he just started pounding her. He put his hand around her shoulder for better leverage and slide his entire shaft in and out of her.

"Oh my god your cock is big!"

"Do you like it?"

"Yeah, yeah I love it!"

"Tell me you love my big cock."

"I love your big cock, Chris! I want to ride your big cock!"

Chris pulled out, gave her clit a few quick licks, and laid on his back. Sam composed herself and faced away from Chris before sitting on top of him. Chris took both handfuls of her ass and helped her bounce up and down. Every spank he gave caused Sam to scream in pleasure.

"I'm going to cum!"

"Cum on my cock."

"Yeah? Yeah?! Oh...Fuck!"

Sam's cum washed over Chris's cock as Sam slowed to a halt. She gave him a sexy look back over her shoulder.

"You need more to cum?"

"Oh yeah. Your turn to lay on your back."

Sam got off him and laid down on his bed onto his pillows. He put her thighs over his shoulder as his chest instinctively flexed.

"God you're so fucking hot, Chris."

"So are you." He put one of her breasts in his mouth and sucked on her nipple. He sat back up and slide is cock deep into her pussy.

"Oh my God...don't stop, Chris. Don't stop."

Chris began pounding Sam once again. With each thrust, Sam's 38DD tits bounced across her chest.

"Fuck I love your tits."

"Yeah baby? Make 'em bounce some...more! Oh my god!"

Chris started pounding harder and Sam came once again.

"Please...cum. Cum for me."

"Yeah? You want it?"

"I want it. I need it!"

Chris gave a few more strokes before pulling out and began jerking himself, just like he had done to thoughts about Sam before.

"Grab your tits."

"Yeah, baby?" Sam pushed her two tits together. "Glad you like them. Cum all over them!"

That last line of dirty talk was enough for Chris to explode hot cum all over Sam's perfect set of tits. When he was done, he always passed out right next to her. Both laid there in total bliss before Sam stood up.

"Do you have a towel?"

"Yeah you can grab one out of the laundry basket."

Sam cleaned herself up and began collecting her clothes.

"Are you leaving already?"

"Yeah my aunt and uncle get weird if I don't come home. And no offense I don't want them to know what I was doing here."

"None taken. I'll walk you out." Chris got up and did not even both putting anything on.

"Do you want a towel or anything?"

"No this is my house. I'll walk around naked if I want."

"That's sexy."

Chris walked Sam to the door and gave her another deep kiss before opening the door. Sam gave Chris's settling cock a few more strokes which began to stiffen it.

"Want to do this again sometime?"

"Abso-fucking-lutley."

Chris gave Sam another kiss as she walked next door. He knew he wouldn't need a new girlfriend or second wife as long as Sam was still his neighbor.