 Chris looked around the room, trying to remember the last time he actually was in it. When he and his now ex-wife bought the house, the room was originally going to be an office, and then turned into a kids room. Since the divorce, it became clear that it would remain an office for near future. This night, he found himself sitting being the desk on his laptop, killing time ready news articles on his laptop. He had papers spread across the desk, but they all had nothing but scribbles and nonsense written on them. He had on one of the two suits he owned and tried to loosen the tie up as much as he could while still keeping the businessman look going. The jacket was already draped across the chair but he was still dressed nicer than he had been in months. Just when he began to tap his fingers nervously, the door opened.

In walked Sam who had on her own business attire. She was decked out in a blouse with the top three buttons undone to show off an amazing amount of cleavage. Her skit went just down to above the knee and had on one of the few pairs of heels she owned. She had a small stack of more nonsense covered papers in her hand, which she placed on the desk.

"Here are the documents you asked for, Mr. Johnson."

"Thank you, Miss Thomas." Sam stood upright and bit her lower lip. "Is there a problem Miss Thomas?"

"No...well yes. Can I close the door the speak more privately?"

"Absolutely. Is everything Ok?"

"Yes, I hope it will be." Sam closed the office door and tugged on her blouse to expose a little bit extra. "So I've noticed that you have been spending more and more time in the office. You always leave after me and you are always here for before come in."

"I've just been very dedicated to work."

"And I respect that. That is why I love working for you. But I have noticed that you've been working really hard since your divorce, and I just want to make sure your personal life is as good as your professional. You need to remember to get yourself out there."

"That's very sweet of you, Miss Thomas. What do you suggest?"

"Well, when was the last time you just...went out and had fun with someone?"

"What kind of fun?"

Sam began to stutter. "Well I mean..." she began playing with her hair.

"Do you mean sex?"

"Yes! Because you are a VERY attractive man" Sam started rubbing his arms. "It would be a shame if you lost time in your peak."

"Why thank you for the concern. You are a very attractive woman. You have two...wonderful...eyes."

"Thank you, Mr. Johnson."

"You're welcome. However I feel this isn't the most appropriate conversation we should have. You are my secretary."

"Oh...I'm sorry."

"So I'm afraid I'm going to have to punish you for this."

"I'm sorry. Please don't fire me."

"I won't. But bend over."

"Really?"

"Yes, bend over my desk."

Sam put her index finger in her mouth and flashed the most innocent looking face she could. "If it means I get to keep my job, I suppose I could."

Sam rested her elbows on the desk and wiggled her ass in the air.

"What are you going to do to me, Mr. Johnson?"

"You need some level of punishment" replied Chris while rubbing his hand over the ass. "So that's what you are going to get."

Chris delivered a hard slap to Sam's ass, causing her to whimper.

"Oh not too hard, Mr. Johnson! I haven't been that bad of an employee have I?"

"You let me be the judge of that." He delivered another slap, quickly followed by another on the opposite cheek. "Are you wearing underwear, Miss Thomas?"

"You'll just have to find out, Mr. Johnson."

Chris pushed Sam's skirt up over her ass revealing a pair of pink lace panties.

"Oh my God, are you ever." Chris grabbed two handfuls of Sam's ass be giving another smack. He rolled the office chair further away. He lightly traced the contours of Sam's underwear before hooking fingers around their waist band and pulling off her panties.

"Oh! Mr. Johnson! Is this part of my punishment too?"

Without saying anything, Chris put his face in the middle of Sam's backside and started licking her clit.

"Oh fuck!" proclaimed Sam out of joy. She had one hand grabbing the side of the desk and the other pressed against the wall. 

"Don't make me cum yet, Mr. Johnson!"

Chris pulled his mouth away from Sam's clit. "I'll do whatever I want to Miss Thomas. I'm your boss." He slowly slid two fingers into her soaked pussy. As soon as started fingering her with any amount of speed, Sam pounded the table and climaxed. Her legs twitched and she let out a few heavy breaths.

Chris stood up fully and started ripping his clothes off. Sam composed herself and removed her blazer. Before she could unbutton her blouse, Chris ripped it open.

"Oh my Lord, Mr. Johnson!"

Chris passionately kissed Sam as his hard dick sprung to attention. Sam removed everything except her bra. It was a pink bra that matched her panties, which at this point were across the room. Chris removed his tie and put it around Sam. It hung perfectly around her neck and fell on top of her tits. Chris had passion in his eyes and watched to be inside Sam more than he ever did before. When all of this clothes were finally off, he pulled the chair over to him and sat down at full attention and gazed at his neighbor and, for the night, employee.

"Why don't you come over here, Miss Thomas."

"Mr. Johnson" Sam replied innocently, "if I have sex with you, will I keep my job?"

"Depends if you do a good job or not."

"Then I guess I better start fucking you."

Sam straddled the chair and sat herself on Chris' lap. Chris guided himself into Sam he lowered herself all the way down before immediately bouncing/

"Oh...my god" mouthed Sam. Chris had both hands around her waist causing her to take every inch of him on every bounce. "Am I...doing a good job?"

"Fuck yes you are. Do you like my dick?"

"Yes!"

"Say it!"

"I love your dick! I love fucking your dick! Fuck...I'm cumming!"

Sam planted both hands into Chris' chest and let out a quivering orgasm before collapsing. The two gave a kiss and Sam whispered to Chris.

"Will you cum on my face?"

Chris nodded yes.

"Yeah? I want it. Can I take it?"

"Please. I'm going to cum so hard."

Sam got off Chris and went to her knees. Her legs felt like Jell-O so kneeling was going to be her only option no matter what. She put her lips around his cock and started blowing him. Chris had his hands over his face, begging for release.

"Let me stroke it, let me stroke it!" begged Chris. Sam stopped blowing him and instead used her mouth to give dirty talk, something she knew drove Chris wild.

"Stroke you cock, c'mon. Cum on my face, I'm ready for it."

"You fucking want it?"

"I fucking want it. I fucking need it! Cum, cum for me."

"Oh God, oh fuck!"

Chris' cock exploded, sending cum all over Sam's face. It was the hardest orgasm Chris had in awhile. It was in part due to Sam's dirty talk, in part to how hard he fucked her, and in part to the boss/employee fantasy he finally got to live out.

When he was finally done, Sam cleared her throat and could only let out a "Wow" creating laughter from both.

"I told you it was going to be a big one."

"Yeah, you weren't kidding. Mind if I go clean off?"

"By all means. Need help finding the bathroom?"

"No I can find it. Can you help me up?"

Chris obliged and lifted Sam to her feet and helped herself steady on wobbly legs. When she walked into the bathroom, he collapsed back onto the chair and started to pool all the clothes together. He took steady breathes doing his best to compose himself.

Sam re-entered the office with a clean face and her hair tied back into a pony tail. She put her panties back on then sat on Chris' lap, putting on arm around his head and the other rubbing the tie against his chest.

"So..."

"So."

"Was that everything you thought it would be?"

"It was. Thank you."

"You gave me a fantasy of mine, so it was time I gave you one too. Why the office fantasy?"

"I've never held an office job and probably never will. It's a world I don't live in, hence what makes this such a fantasy for me."

The two kissed and stared into each other's eyes.

"Is there...another one I can give you?" asked Chris. "It is your turn."

Sam rubbed the back of her hand against the side of Chris' face.

"Let me stay the night tonight and I'll be the happiest girl in the world."

Chris smiled and stood up, lifting Sam with him.

"That can definitely be arranged."