 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

I woke up this morning in my bed with my neighbor's wife. 

One of her long legs wraps around my legs and her huge bare breasts pressed against me. Her head and beautiful long black hair is on my shoulder and chest. Before my brain can turn on and figure out what the fuck this even means, my cock is rock hard and ready. I look down at it confused like, "dude!? Wtf!? You don't even know how the fuck we got into this situation!" 

It didn't answer. This isn't a dream. "Fuck", I think. Rob. Oh Shit, Rob. I think about her husband and to be honest the fact this incident could really fuck up my use of his large TV for MNF this fall.

My head pounds but otherwise I feel good, comfortable. I even smell fresh, like... recently-showered clean. As I ponder that, she shifts, removes her leg from mine and rolls to her other side. Her ass is amazing. I'm naked in bed with her and I don't remember those tits or that fine ass at all from last night? I don't drink much... what happened!?

She moans a little, cute, and begins a morning stretch. As she does she kicks off the rest of the sheets and exposes her long, thin, golden brown body, large tits and nicely trimmed pussy. No tattoos or even blemishes. She looks perfect. Like "Photoshop perfect". Her straight black hair frames her sleeping face like an angel. There was only a little sunlight sneaking in through the window but her skin and hair was absolutely glowing. Even married with two kids and a couple years older than me she's waaaaaay out of my league.

I pretend like I'm asleep to buy myself more time to think but I can't take my eyes off her. She lightly brushes her hands across her pussy and then squeezes her tits together as if to say "good morning" to all her girl parts before starting the day. 

She looks up at me, smiles, reaches up and kisses me right on the lips. My eyes are open and stay open through the kiss. I bet I looked confused as hell.

**********

I close my eyes and leave my thick lips on him way longer than I kiss Rob in the mornings. My nipples brush his bare chest and they get slightly aroused.

Despite how much I obsessed over and consumed his younger harder cock the night before I ignore it this morning. Although did notice he is hard and able to complete a morning fuck if I so desired!

I don't say anything as I get out of bed and walk to the bathroom. Back in my slutty red mini dress, high heels and hair up messy I leave the bedroom with a quick, "Thanks." and blow him a kiss.

That look on his face. Right then, right there. Stealing his power. Leaving him confused, helpless, speechless. I wasn't sure why I did it but the excitement of drugging him, the mind blowing sex on every surface in his house and the surprised morning-after confused and scared deer-in-headlights stare were three good reasons to risk the walk-of-shame across the street mid-morning and hope no other nosey neighbors noticed.

*********

"Hey man, game starts in 30 min. Don't miss kick off" Rob texted after dinner. It has been two weeks since Lena and I... fucked? Surely I fucked that sexy thing. 

Ugh, I can't ignore him. I've gotta tell him. 

"After one more time" my testosterone interrupted...

"I can't make it tonight." I texted him.

"Come over in 30 min." I texted her. 

I can't get her off my mind and need that body like a drug addict needs a fix. Two weeks of watching her from across the street as she does mundane tasks like getting kids in/out of her SUV (in yoga pants), mowing her yard (getting sweaty), washing her car (in a white t-shirt, no bra) and going out with girlfriends dressed to impress on a couple nights has only intensified my demand for her skin, her touch.

"My living room window. Two minutes" she responded. 

**********

I finish prepping Rob some snacks in the kitchen then quietly strip completely naked out Rob's view. 

"Do you have a few minutes before kick off? Kids are still at practice and I'm horny as hell. I need you for one minute before I lose you to the pigskin the rest of the night" I ask Rob.

I knew he'd jump at the opportunity when I walked by the open window in to the living room nude with his snacks and lightly fingering myself. This is, after all, waaayyyy beyond our usual bedroom nighttime "missionary minute" I like to call it.

"Dang girl. Come over here" he pulls me closer to him on the couch, gets naked and begins to give me the good missionary sex I've come to rely on. He doesn't need to know that I just need him to warm me up for the hot, hard, young, rough fuck I plan to get from Scott across the street in a few minutes. 

The idea of two cocks in me within minutes of each other drive me wild. That's been too long!

**********

I ran to my closet, got my hunting binoculars and perched on the window of my house that had the best view of hers.

"No. No no no. Why's she fucking him right now?" I thought. I wasn't sure sloppy seconds were something I wanted but for another chance at that body, a chance that I'd remember this time, I'd do just about anything.

This answers three questions I had: he's got a decent cock, he can still get it up and they still have sex. 

Mmm. she held her legs up giving me and anyone that walks by their window a close up of his cock stretching her pussy. This sexy slut! I've known them for years and had no idea... I love it! I thought. Damnit, hurry up Rob. I need your wife. Does he know? I pondered for a split second them realized I don't care, I just need her body... And bad!

I was thrilled moments later to watch his nuts contract and expand, the veins in his cock swell to their peak then relax and her stop rocking under him.

**********

"I'm going to the store" I tell Rob as he pulls out his dick. His cum is mostly inside my clenched pussy but some is dripping out as I cross the room.

"Ok I love you" he says while turning his attention rapidly back to football pre-game coverage.

I pull on some sweat pants and a tight t-shirt with no thong or bra. I lightly jog over to Scott's. He is still in his window. I'm hopeful he got my text, watched us fuck and is now drooling over watching my tits bounce around as I approach him.

**********

I open the door, pull her in aggressively as if something outside was going to attack her. I fling her against the wall, holding her hand wrists tight against the wall above her head. My kiss presses her head, neck and shoulders against the wall. My body presses hard against hers. 

"Pound me hard on your couch like last night. My pussy is nice and lubed up for you baby." she says between the heavy kissing.

"I saw. Good girl." I reply, not sure where this confidence is coming from but going with it.

We stumble to the couch, each removing clothes faster than humanly possible. I climb over her and slide my cock into her mouth. Deep. Too deep. She chokes, eyes water, gaps for air and between struggled breaths says "more, more". I fuck her throat some more and she fingers her pussy below me. 

"Now, now. Fill me up." she begs. I pull out of her mouth and slide into her cum-filled tight pussy. 

"Yesssss baby. You like that? Mmmm I'm all yours. Whenever you want. Text and I'm here, naked, willing, legs open, all yours baby" she offers as I'm fucking away, watching this goddess' tits below me bounce all over.

"You want it?" She whispers in my ear as I'm pumping her harder and harder. 

"I saw you admiring my ass this morning baby. Take it. It's yours." I slow my fucking and look at her like she's handed me keys to the kingdom... She rolls over on my couch, rubs Rob's cum and her pussy juice up her ass. White knuckled and with fingernails digging into her ass cheeks she spreads them exposing the tiny, lubricated little hole. 

She flicks her long black hair over her shoulder, submissively looks up and meets my hungry eyes. 

"Please. Finish me." she pleads.

The yelling, tears and thrashing going on below me as I obliged her request was beautiful. Breathtaking. It was so tight and I had to hold her down so hard that I realized Rob doesn't fuck this ass. He's probably too "nice" for this raw, taboo, aggressive, highly sensual anal. Even with his own sexy housewife slut. Shame.

She relaxes her inner muscles and I pump deeper into her ass. Body now convulsing, glistening in sweat head to toe, hair a wreck, she puts her hands on my hips to stop me. I can't stop now, I'm too close. She convulses again, moans loudly. After a few more deep thrusts, she goes limp under me. I pull out and cum in her hair, down her back and on her ass. After a photo of two, I clean her up, lay a pillow under her head and throw a blanket on her.

**********

The game was almost over and she was just coming to. Rob would be looking for her in about 20 minutes.

"Black out?" I ask.

"Yes baby. That hasn't happened since I was with the undergrad football team." she says then instantly regrets fearing she's going to have to elaborate on that later.

"I want that again. I want you again. Soon." She says as she kisses me quickly, opens my door and heads home.