 Here I was a stay at home wife. When I married my husband he said I didn't need to work. He was making enough money for the both of us. It sounded like a dream come true. A few years passed and the dream wasn't so good. My husband Jeff lost the urge to make love to me. It was gradual at first. Then came the excuses. He was tired from all the hours spent at work. He wouldn't come home until late. I soon suspected there was another woman.

I was so fucking horny that I started to look around. I soon saw someone that got me excited. It was the neighbor boy Tommy. I guess you could say he wasn't a boy. I knew he was in college and had to be at least twenty. I would see him out jogging and I would get myself worked up. I would have to get naked and get on the bed. I would use my fingers to rub my slit and think of Tommy. 

One day I saw Tommy out in his yard. I knew I had to act. I walked over and asked him if he could come over to the house and help me out. I had a few things that needed to be moved around. Tommy said he could come over right then. I didn't have a thing that needed to be moved. I just needed a way to get him over into the house. Tommy followed me in through the door. He asked what needed to be done.

I guess I should describe Tommy. He was tall with sandy hair. He was thin with a runners body. I could see a bulge in the shorts he was wearing. I had to do something to get him naked. I said there was nothing that needed to be moved. Tommy gave me this perplexed look. I walked over to Tommy and I acted. I placed my hand on his crotch. That got Tommy's attention. I didn't wait for a reply. I knelt down and I pulled down on the elastic of Tommy's shorts. 

Out came a long, thin cock. Tommy had to be seven inches in length or so.

"I need your cock," I told him.

I quickly took Tommy's dick and brought it to my lips. I inhaled as much of his prick as I could. Tommy sure didn't put up a fight. He put a hand on the back of my head and he began to push his rod down my throat. God, I needed a cock so badly. I squeezed Tommy's balls as I tried to take as much cock into my mouth as was possible. Tommy was getting rock hard. I gobbled up his dick and was taking nearly all of him down my throat. Once I felt he was hard I pulled away.

I got up and I led Tommy to the spare bedroom. I stripped out of my clothes and I pulled Tommy down onto my naked body. Tommy turned into an animal there on the bed. He first kissed my nipples and then he moved down my belly until he was at my pussy. He pushed a finger into my gash and then used his tongue to lick all over my clit. I was half insane from all the attention I was getting from Tommy. I was getting wet from Tommy's tongue and I couldn't wait much longer.

"Fuck me please, Tommy!"

Tommy pulled away from licking me. He got to his knees and took hold of his hard dick. Tommy then rubbed the head of his cock up and down my slit. I couldn't bear much more. Tommy then guided his hardness into my pussy. I had been waiting for something like this for so long. Tommy pushed all the way into my belly. His cock felt like a piece of hot meat splitting my belly open. Tommy then drove his cock in and out of my wet pussy. 

Tommy took hold of my legs and pushed then towards my chest. He stretched his legs out and gave me the pounding I needed. Tommy turned into an bull as he took me and used me. I hadn't been fucked in so long and Tommy was relentless. His balls were slapping against my ass and he circled his dick inside my belly. I was having one intense orgasm after another. I can tell you that my husband never made me feel this way.

Tommy fucked me for well over and hour. My pussy was actually getting raw from Tommy's long prick. I told Tommy I needed to feel his cum inside me. He looked down at me as if he was wondering if he should unload inside me. I squeezed his dick with my muscles and Tommy continued to stroke my pussy until he began to grunt. Tommy arched his back and he flooded my greedy pussy with his seed. 

I needed to feel a man cum inside me. It had been too long. Tommy shot streams of hot cream deep into me. I was taking every drop of his thick, white load. Tommy must have continued fucking me for at least ten minutes more. When he finally pulled out we were both exhausted. That was just the start of our lovemaking. Tommy was home for the summer from college. He would stop by daily and we would fuck.

Thankfully I was still on the pill. I loved the feel of Tommy's cum as he gave me a fresh load almost every day. I didn't have to worry about my husband. He didn't seem to care anymore and some nights he wasn't even around. I let Tommy have me any way he wanted me. Tommy even fucked my ass for the first time. He said he wanted to take me that way. I said he would need to be gentle and go slow. Tommy lubed up his dick and he inserted his prick into my bottom. 

God did it hurt at first. Tommy did take it easy until he got all of his long cock into my ass. I was on all fours as Tommy fed me his cock. He went slow and then built up speed. Before you knew it he was pounding my virgin ass. I did scream and I wanted Tommy to go easy but he was taking his first piece of female ass. He just kept slamming into me until he lost control. My ass was so tight and he couldn't hold on any longer. 

I felt Tommy shoot a stream of cum into my ass. God help me, I wanted his male seed in my bottom. He used me that day and it wasn't the last time he fucked my ass that summer. The time passed and Tommy soon had to head back to school. I finally got the courage to ask him if he had a girlfriend at college. I could tell he didn't want to tell me but he finally broke down and said that he did. I was crestfallen. 

Tommy said the relationship with the girlfriend wasn't anything special. I didn't know what to believe. Tommy fucked me one finally time before he left. We stood in the living room and Tommy picked me up. I had my arms around his neck and he held my legs up. We ended up fucking standing there. Oh, he gave it to me hard at first and then Tommy lowered me onto the dining room table. He made me beg for cock that day. Tommy wanted me to remember all fuck sessions we had.

I took a final load of Tommy's cum that day. He drove his prick into my belly the whole way and then seeded me one last time. It is now a few days since Tommy went back to school. We exchanged phone numbers but I haven't heard a word from him. He told me that he would be busy that first week back and to let him contact me first. I think I am in love with Tommy. I wonder if it was just a summer fling or will he be back in my bed ever again.