 When the new neighbors moved in just a few months ago, we hit it off right away. Patty and I were a couple years older than Stacey and Mike but we did a lot of social things together. Stacey and Mike where a good looking couple. She was a dishwater blonde of 5-4, 105 pounds. She didn’t have the prettiest face but she had a body that could kill. Stacey’s breasts were huge for being natural and had a perfect ass. Mike was a jock in college and played basketball a couple days a week to stay fit.

Patty and I had a great sex life and enjoyed trying new and exciting things. Patty was slightly taller than Stacey and too had a great body. Patty worked out every day and took pride in looking good. I was distance runner in college so I’m not the buffest guy in the world but I I’m built for endurance.

On several occasions after a night of drinking with the neighbors, the conversation would turn to sex. Patty and I would joke about swapping partners but that’s as far as it ever went—just conversation. Mike and Stacey always seemed to enjoy the discussion but nobody had the nerve to take the first step.

One Saturday after working in the yard all day we invited Stacey and Mike over to grill. Stacey showed up looking good in short shorts and a tank top. Patty was wearing the usual cut off jeans that were cut so high her ass was half hanging out and a bikini top. Patty used to wear thong panties but as low ride pants got lower she decided to not wear any panties. It could have been the fact that I was horny but both women were looking extremely hot.

We grilled burgers and had many beers. After dinner Patty brought out the tequila, salt and lime. Patty was a Crown and diet Cokes drinker who always turned to tequila by the end of the night. “A toast to friendship” she said after handing everyone a shot and lime. Mike hated doing the shot because he always got really fucked up but he knew if he didn’t he’d catch a lot of shit from everyone else.

Stacey was obviously starting to feel the effects of the alcohol because she started dancing to the music coming from the deck speakers. Of course Mike and I gave a few whistles to encourage her to continue. Not wanting to be left out, Patty joined Stacey in the center of the deck. Seeing both women shaking their stuff for us gave me an instant hard on. As the song came to an end and a slow song started, Patty grabbed Mike’s hand wanting him to join her. Mike was a little hesitant at first but the tequila was taking effect on him too.

Seeing Patty with Mike caused me to jump up to get my chance to do a little grinding with Stacey. I grabbed Stacey by the waist and brought her close to me. I could tell she could feel my hard on because she kept looking deep in my eye as she pressed harder against my groin with her hips. It was an extremely erotic look in her eye as she was obviously grinding her clit against my hard on. We turned on the deck so my back was to Patty and Mike. My hands slid down her back to her ass. I couldn’t resist grabbing her ass and bringing her even closer to me. We were dry grinding so hard I was close to cumming. By the look on her face I think she was too.

As the song came to an end Mike was the first to speak “I’m ready for another drink, anyone else?” I didn’t want to let go but I knew I had to. While the girls went to get the drinks Mike couldn’t stop talking about how lucky I was to have Patty and how hot she always looks. I agreed but also had the same feeling about Stacey.  “Stacey pretty hot herself. I’d love to get a piece of that ass” I said.

In the kitchen the girls were saying the same things about Mike and me. “Mike is such a hunk. I wish I could have him for just one night,” Patty told Stacey. “I’d give him to you for a night if I could take Kevin for a night” Stacey joked. “I’m sure Kevin would like that but I don’t know if Mike would go for it” she continued.

“I’ve got an idea” Patty said. “You get Mike all worked up and let me join in. That way he knows you’re okay with the whole thing. You just prime the pump.”

“What do you mean, prime the pump?” Stacey asked.

“You just get him all horny and just dying to get his rocks off and I’ll take it from there” Patty said. Let me do my magic and we’ll see how far he’ll go”, Patty said with a devilish grin.

“If we can get Mike to loosen up himself then he shouldn’t have any problems with you being with Kevin”, she continued.

Nodding her head and smiling, Stacey said “I like it…I like it.”

Back on the deck Kevin decided he’d see just how serious Mike was.

“I think Patty would like to get a piece of your ass too. She’s commented on more than one occasion that she’d like to see your package.”

“Maybe if we weren’t married I’d consider it but I don’t want to do anything that is going to hurt Stacey and my marriage”, Mike said.

“Well, you never know until you ask.”

“I couldn’t ask Stacey if I could fool around with Patty! She’d freak.”

“All you have to do is start talking about having a fantasy. You don’t have to mention any names.”

Just then the girls stepped back on the deck.

“What have you guys been taking about?” Patty asked.

“Oh, just how much we’d like to screw each others wives,” Kevin said.

Everyone laughed as if Kevin was telling a joke. Patty asked Kevin to come in the house to help her get some more drinks. After they went into the house Stacey sat on the edge of the chase lounge Mike was laying on and started hugging and kissing him. It wasn’t long and she could sense Mike was getting excited. She started stroking his cock through his shorts while licking and blowing in his ear. She knew this would drive him crazy. Mike began squeezing and pinching Stacey’s tits through her tank top. Stacey instantly lifted her tank so he could have full access to her boobs.

In the kitchen Patty told Kevin of her and Stacey’s plan. Kevin loved the idea. Patty and Kevin peeked through the window to see Stacey was progressing with the plan nicely. They both watched as Mike began sucking Stacey’s nipple as she undid his shorts to expose his cock. She began slowly stroking his shaft as he feverishly sucked her tits. Kevin and Patty were instantly horny and excited to watch the action on the deck. 

Patty couldn’t wait to get involved in the action. Her mouth was watering for two reasons: seeing Mike’s dick and the thought of sucking Stacey’s tits herself. Kevin decided to stay at the window as Patty slowly and quietly worked her way onto the deck. Mike was so busy working Stacey’s tits he didn’t see Patty enter the deck.

Patty sat on the other side of the chase, opposite Stacey. Stacey released Mike’s cock and not missing a beat, Patty began stroking it. Mike didn’t realize what was happening. Patty couldn’t resist putting her lips on his deep purple head. She licked her lips and slowly sucked and licked Mike’s meat. Mike immediately froze.

Whispering in Mike’s ear, “It’s ok, it’s just Patty. I don’t have a problem with it as long as it’s ok with you.”

Being a normal guy, there was no way Mike was going to object. Patty started taking longer deeper strokes with her mouth as Mike laid back and Stacey began kissing him. He was in total ecstasy; having his wife’s permission to get a blow job from their neighbor.

Mike reached over to pull Stacey’s tank top all the way off and for the first time he saw Patty sucking and stoking his cock. Just then Patty looked up at Mike and winked. With that he was just about to shoot his wad. Sensing his urge to cum Patty released his prick. She reached around her back and untied her bikini top and threw it to the ground. She positioned herself so Mike could suck her tits.

Stacey wasn’t sure what to do; should she leave those two alone or should she stay and watch. Patty helped he make the decision. She reached over to Stacey’s head and pushed it down towards Mike’s dick. With this Stacey went down on Mike as he sucked and kneaded Patty’s tits. He couldn’t hold on much longer. As his balls tingled and the eminent eruption coming soon Mike feverishly squeezed and bit Patty’s tit. She moaned with pleasure as he shot his wad in Stacey’s mouth.

Witnessing this in the kitchen, Kevin had his cock out of his shirts and was feverishly beating his meat. Soon after seeing Mike cum, he too was shooting his spunk in the kitchen sink.  It was an amazing sight seeing his wives tits being sucked by his neighbor as his wife gave him a blow job.

As Stacey finished swallowing what she could of Mike’s cum she sat up and looked Patty in the eye. Seeing some of Mike’s cum on Stacey’s lip Patty couldn’t resist but give her a kiss just to taste Mike’s salty cum. Patty instantly darted her tongue into Stacey’s mouth wanting a better taste. Having never done anything like this before, Stacey was reluctant at first but soon enjoyed Patty’s soft lips and embrace.

Stacey finally broke the kiss and said “Let’s take this inside were we can get a little more comfortable.”

Patty agreed and the girls went hand in hand into the house with Mike right behind.

To be continued…