 My name is Jake and my family just moved into a new neighborhood. I am twenty and my dad just got transferred to a new job. I wasn't too crazy about the move but I had to tag along with my parents for now. The people in our new surroundings seem friendly enough, especially Sue, our next door neighbor. Sue and her husband own a nice size pool. Sue's husband is a salesman who is always on the road it seems. Sue is a hot brunette around thirty. She loves to walk around in her small bikini and take swims nearly every day. It is hard not to be staring all the time.

When I was in the backyard yesterday, Sue called over to me. 

"Anytime you want to take a swim Jake, just come on over," Sue told me.

She didn't need to ask me twice. I got my trunks on and I entered into their pool area. Sue was already in the pool, so I dove in and joined her. We swam a few laps together and then got out and dried ourselves off. Sue then asked me if I wanted something to drink. I said sure and we walked into her house. As we were standing in the kitchen, I was giving Sue the eyeball. She had great looking tits and I could tell she had her pussy shaved down. Her bikini bottom was so small and I couldn't see any pubic bush showing.

Sue turned to me and offered me an iced tea. We stood there just chatting, but I was looking her over very closely. I think Sue was doing the same. I caught her looking down at my bulge once or twice. I wondered if she was really interested or just browsing. We were both still wet so I offered to wipe her back down with the towels we had. I stood facing her back and I wiped her from her shoulders to her ankles. I brought the towel up between her legs. 

Sue didn't seem to mind and spread her legs to give me access. I toweled her inner thighs, then Sue told me it was her turn. She stood directly in front of me. She moved the towel down my chest and then slid the towel across my crotch. My cock must have stirred and Sue noticed it. She kept wiping across the front my my cock. My face got red and my cock starting getting bigger. Sue placed the towel on the counter and then moved close to me. She knelt down and placed her fingers inside my waistband. Sue then pulled my trunks to the floor.

My cock sprung loose and Sue took it in her hand. She looked up at my face and then brought her mouth to the head of my dick. She surround my mushroom head and started sucking up and down my swollen shaft. I thought I was going to pop right there. I reached out and placed my hands on the back of her head. I wasn't going to allow her to pull away. Sue had no intention of backing off. She went down to the root of my pole and sucked every inch that I had. 

I was moaning and Sue's mouth was making these loud slurping noises. She finally pulled her mouth away and stood up. She took me by the hand and led me down the hallway to her bed. Sue slipped her tiny bikini off and got on her back. She motioned for me to join her. I got on the bed and spread her thighs apart. I took my cock in hand and guided it to her wet slit.

"Fuck me like you mean it Jake," she told me. Oh I meant it alright. I guided my cock into her wet tunnel. Her pussy engulfed me like a giant fist. I drove into her hard now. My ass was acting like a jackhammer. Sue brought her legs up around my back and I got so deep in her wet hole. I nearly pulled out and then drove deep into her tight pussy. Sue was moaning and screaming loudly every time I entered her. She was begging to be fucked hard.

My balls were making a loud slapping noise as they bounced off her ass. I knew I had a full load to give her and I wasn't going to waste it. Eventually I pulled her legs free. I took her ankles and pushed her legs to her chest. I stretched my legs out straight and proceeded to fuck her pussy as deeply as possible. Sue's pussy was leaking with juices. I could hear the loud slurping noises as I stirred my cock around inside her. 

How long did we fuck there? I couldn't tell you. It seemed like hours to me. Sue told me I better pull out before I came. I had no plans on doing that. I had her pinned to the bed. I felt my nuts starting to pinch. I sped up even more and slammed my cock into her a few more times.

"Pull out Jake!" Sue pleaded with me.

I pushed in all the way to the bottom and released my hot load. Sue's eyes got big as she felt me flood her tight hole. I just kept pouring my seed into her belly.

"Oh my God, Jake!" Sue blurted out.

It felt like I shot a quart of my cum into Sue. Slowly my cock got softer and I slipped out of her. Sue reached out and slapped my face.

"Never do that again!" she said. "I am not on the pill," she told me.

I thought I had blown my chances with Sue right there. She quickly got over her anger and then told me how hot a fuck I was. Sue said that her hubby hadn't been paying much attention to her lately. He was always away and when he was home, he didn't seemed to want her as much. I had no trouble getting it up for this hot bitch. Sue told me I would have to wear a rubber from now on. I knew I might wear it once but eventually it would be coming off.

That is what happened the next time we fucked in her bed. She put the rubber on my dick but as I fucked her I told her I loved cumming in her pussy. I said I wanted to impregnate her belly with my seed. Some switch must have flicked inside Sue. I felt her reach down and slide the lambskin off my dick. I was bare now and I re-entered Sue's tight womb. I slid my cock in so hard and deep now. I could feel her muscles around me. Sue had me in a death grip. I pounded her tight pussy and then gave her what she wanted all along. 

I came inside her again. The seed was just pouring out the tip of my thick dick. Sue arched her back and milked me totally dry. I gave her every drop I had before we finally collapsed in each other's arms. 

"I can't believe I let you cum in me again," Sue said.

"You just wanted me to make you pregnant," I told her. 

She told me that thought had crossed her mind, but she couldn't bring herself to accept she wanted me that way. I told her I wanted her to have my baby. From here on in, I have been fucking Sue bare and we just can't seem to get enough of each other these days. I hope this will work out for us and I will be able to keep my dick inside Sue's hot pussy for a long time to cum.