 I noticed a different vehicle was parked in my neighbor's driveway. I did see this heavy set woman going into the house. I asked my neighbor Craig if he knew what was going on.

"That's Jeff's new squeeze," he told me.

That guy seemed to go through women at least one every couple of months. I was out mowing one day. It was hot and I had my shirt off. I only had a pair of shorts and shoes on. My new neighbor was out washing her car. I could see she had a halter top on. Every time she bent over her big tits nearly escaped.

I'm not one for heavy women but those tits were enormous. I soon finished mowing. I was cleaning off the mower when I heard a woman's voice.

"Hi there," my new neighbor was trying to get my attention.

"I'm Kim," she told me.

I said that I was Rob. She said she should have introduced herself earlier. She said I looked hot. Would I like something to drink. I took her up on her offer. I went inside Jeff's house for the first time. It looked run down to me. Kim produced a bottle of water for me. I got a close look at her chest. She obviously wasn't wearing a bra. Those nipples looked huge.

I think caught me staring. I also could see she was looking at my bare chest. She explained that she had only been living here for two weeks and she was lonely. Jeff worked for the railroad and he was away for days at a time. I almost thought she was making me aware that she was available.

She wanted to know my status. I said I was divorced. That brought a smile to her face. She then asked me what type of women I liked. I should have excused myself right then. I didn't answer her. 

"Do you like big women?" She asked.

Just like that, she pulled her top up over her head. I was now looking at the biggest pair of tits I had ever seen. Granted they weren't firm but sort of fat. Her whole body was the same way. I guess I just stood there not knowing what to say. Kim made it easy on me. She came up close and rubbed her nipples across my chest.

Okay, that doesn't happen to me every day. What can I say? I felt my cock starting to grow. Kim looked down at my shorts.

"Is that an erection I see?"

She quickly knelt down and freed my cock. My bone was sticking straight out. Kim wrapped her lips around my stem and she started to give me head. I couldn't believe this all was happening. Kim went right down to the root. There wasn't any of this sucking the tip of my cock. She wanted every inch of me. Once I was rock hard she stood up.

Off came the rest of her clothes. I was looking at a lot of flesh. 

"You want to fuck me, don't you Rob?"

I hated to admit it. I wanted to bang her hard right then. I guess I just lost it. I didn't have any sex in months. Here was Kim offering herself to me. I kicked my shorts away and got out of my shoes and socks. We made our way over to the dining room table. Kim got onto her back. Her fleshy lips were exposed to me.

I moved in and slid my cock head across her opening. I thought Kim might explode right then. I fed my dick to Kim. I went slow, giving her an inch at a time. To be honest, her pussy was kind of sloppy. I couldn't be choosy right then. I started to thrust into that fat pussy. God, did Kim get loud. She was screaming for me to fuck her.

"Your cock is so much bigger than Jeff's," she blurted out. 

I really didn't need to hear that. I ended up pushing her legs up towards her chest. I let her have it hard. Her tits were jiggling all over the place. Kim definitely was a cock whore. You could tell she couldn't get enough dick. I did reach up and gripped her tits. That sent Kim right over the edge. She began to squirt all over. I was covered with her wetness. I soon started to feel that pinching sensation. I told Kim I was close.

"Don't pull out," she screamed at me.

I know I should have but I was weak right then. I blasted my white cream into her steamy pussy. It was like she gobbled up every drop inside her belly. I kept thrusting like some madman. I finally finished her off and then pulled out. Kim didn't move for the longest time.

"I've never been fucked like that before," she told me.

She was totally spent. When she got to her feet, she made her way back to the bathroom. When she came back, she had me sit and Kim cleaned me with her mouth. 

"I don't think I can take anymore of your cock today," she said.

We got dressed and Kim walked me to the front door.

"Don't be a stranger," she told me.

When I got home I had a reality check. I must have lost my mind. I fucked my new neighbor, a woman I'm not physically attracted to. I fucked her with my bare cock and I gave her a big load of my seed. I had no idea if she was using birth control. Kim had just told me that she wants to be fucked again by me.

I was in over my head, it seemed. I guess I will have to get myself out of this, if I can.