 I was lying awake one night in my apartment, dreading having to go to work in a few hours without having gotten much sleep. As usual, my next door neighbor wasn't doing much to help. Her bedroom shared a wall with mine, and I could always hear every dirty little detail when she and her boyfriend were fucking – which was usually every night.

I could hear her just then screaming through the wall, "Oh yeah, fuck me!" The bed springs creaked faster for a moment, and then she said, "You want to come, baby? You want to come? Then come here and fuck your little girl's mouth!" Then I could hear the weight shifting on her bed and her moans became muffled by something, no doubt her boyfriend's cock in her mouth.

I sighed as a wave of jealousy washed over me. When I moved in, and first met my neighbor, she had seemed so sweet and innocent. She introduced herself as Kaycee, and I introduced myself as Jacob, and she insisted that if I ever needed anything to let her know.

I was taken with her looks that first time. She was petite and beautiful. She was about five-foot-three, thin and athletic, with shoulder length brown hair, and big beautiful hazel eyes. Her lips were full and pouty and soft: perfect dick-sucking lips. I could tell she had a little Hispanic in her, which enticed me even more – I had a thing for Hispanic women. Her breasts were small – b-cups – but so perfectly shaped... and her ass... her ass was sheer perfection: full, pert, voluptuous, and usually clothed in skin-tight pants that left nothing to the imagination.

She gave off that sweet and innocent vibe even more strongly when I complimented her on her looks the second and third time I saw her, and then asked her out the fourth. She had blushed and looked down, smiling. "I'm sorry, I'm really flattered and everything, and you're a really nice guy, but I already have a boyfriend." She peeked up at me just then with those big beautiful eyes and my dick went hard at that innocent expression on her face.

And then there I was, a few months later, my dick just as hard while I lay sleepless in the room next to her, listening to her boyfriend fuck her mouth while I got nothing more than my own palm to please me. So much for her innocence. I hadn't thought about it till that night, but I think her loss of innocence just made me want her more.

I heard her muffled moans cease to be muffled, and she said, "Yeah, baby! Come on my face!" Then I heard his Neanderthal grunts as he spurted his load all over her face, no doubt. She squealed with delight and started giggling and purring like a kitten. This sent me over the edge, and I came right there as I stroked myself.

I just lay there, hoping I could fall asleep and they wouldn't go for another round, which they often did. Then I heard her front door opening, some muffled conversation, and then the door closing again. Out my front window, I could see her boyfriend's tall silhouette walking past my apartment and down the stairs outside. I listened to Kaycee's footsteps as they came back through her apartment to her bedroom – louder then. Then I heard the sliding glass door in her bedroom open.

Every one of our apartments had sliding glass doors which led out onto a rear balcony. Every two apartments shared one small balcony, and I shared one with Kaycee. Ours was on the top floor, and our building was the tallest along the street, so no one could ever see down onto our balcony. This made me wonder how bold Kaycee was and how little she was wearing.

I heard her lighting a cigarette, but the light was off outside on the balcony. I decided I had to see her, and so I put on some clothes and grabbed my own pack of cigarettes and made my way out onto the balcony.

As I opened the sliding door, I saw her silhouette jump with surprise. She saw it was me and said, "Oh, hi. How are you, Jake?" I couldn't see any details in the pitch darkness, as the porch light was off. I could only see her shadow leaning over the railing and looking over the city. I had no idea what she was or wasn't wearing, but my hard on was enormous just wondering.

"I'm fine, thanks. How are you, Kaycee?" I answered her, lighting one of my own cigarettes and taking a drag.

I heard her giggle a little under her breath. "I'm great," she said, and I could almost hear her smiling. I didn't press her about what she meant, because I already knew.

"Mind if I turn on the porch light? I can't see a thing," I said as I already started reaching for the light switch.

Kaycee abruptly blurted out, "No! You'd better not. I'm not really... properly dressed, I guess you could say."

I stopped and said, "Ah, I see. Alright then." I chuckled a little bit to let he know I liked the idea of her in any state of undress. She either ignored it or didn't know how to respond.

After a moment of silence, she changed the subject and we made small talk about our daily lives. I slowly inched my way closer to her, hoping I'd catch a glimpse of something, but I never really did. It was a dark, moonless night, and I cursed that fact.

After a while, she lit another cigarette and my heart stopped. In the one or two seconds where the flame flickered before her face, I could see her boyfriend's come still glistening on her face – she hadn't even bothered to clean up after he left. No woman I'd ever seen had looked sexier than Kaycee at that moment, her face covered in thick splashes of come.

The light wasn't bright enough for me to see anything but her face, unfortunately. She went on talking about whatever it was she was talking about without missing a beat. She obviously hadn't realized what I'd seen. I just nodded along and pretended not to have noticed. After a while, she said goodnight and went back inside. I spent the rest of the night jerking off and didn't get my much needed sleep. Needless to say, the next day at work was miserable. But at least I had thoughts of Kaycee to keep me company.

Things went on like that for a while. I would see Kaycee out front in passing and we would make small talk, and I would hear her fucking marathons with her boyfriend nearly every night – the lucky bastard – but I never saw her on the balcony like that again. I think she was afraid she might get caught.

After a couple months, my boss changed my shift to the graveyard shift. I'd never been so pissed. I hated working graveyard. It was miserable and solitary. Little did I know, I'd be happy about it later.

After my first night on the graveyard shift, I came home at about ten in the morning. I went straight out onto the balcony to have a cigarette. I opened the door and stepped outside and my jaw dropped at what I saw.

Kaycee was laying out on her deck chair, sunbathing nude. She was lying on her stomach, her head turned away from me, her perfect round ass glistening in the red hot sun, covered in lotion. For a second I was terrified she would scream bloody murder or something, but she didn't. Then I realized she was asleep – she'd drifted off while sunbathing nude right here on our balcony.

When I realized this, I tried to calm down and quiet down so I could enjoy the view. I wondered why I'd never caught her doing this before, and then I realize that it was because I'd never been home at this hour on this day before. She had gotten used to my work schedule and knew when she could work on her tan without me seeing her. I hadn't warned her that my work schedule was changing.

I took a closer look at her. She had no tan lines anywhere that I could see. She'd been doing this for some time from the look of it. Her legs were parted just slightly, and I crept around directly behind her so I could see up between her legs. I breath caught. She had the most perfect pussy I'd ever seen: soft pink rose petal pussy lips, and she was shaved completely smooth. I wanted nothing more than to stick my cock into her right then and there, but there were laws against it...

I stood there admiring her for a while, then went inside quietly, afraid my luck would run out and I'd get caught. I jerked off repeatedly while peeking through the blinds at her until, after a while, she woke up and went back inside. From my angle, I didn't see anything more than I'd already seen. However, I did get a wonderful view of her perfect ass swaying back and forth as she walked in.

I kept very quiet the rest of that day, and ever day, not wanting to tip her off that I was actually home, not wanting to scare he out of her daily routine. I wanted to catch her like that again.

As it turns out, I did. Almost every day, I came home to find her passed out on her deck chair, totally naked. There was never anything around her – no bikini, no towel, nothing. Sometimes there was an open book that had fallen closed next to her, and there was always a bottle of sunscreen lying next to her, but nothing else.

That second time, I found her lying on her back. I could see everything. Her pussy looked even better from here: the perfect little hood of her clit, wit and glistening, every inch of her body covered in lotion, glistening and flawless. Her tits were perfect, just as I'd thought. I was used to bigger breasts, but her b-cups looked like that best I'd ever seen. Her nipples were small and dark and hard in the easy summer breeze that passed over her body. She was perfect, and I had to have her or I would go crazy.

After I went back inside that day, I started formulating a plan to catch her at her most vulnerable... A couple weeks later, I put it into action.

One day I came home in the morning to find Kaycee, as always, asleep on her deck chair in the nude. This time, she had fallen asleep on her side, turned away from our sliding glass doors. Her skin glistened flawlessly in the sunlight, each perfect globe of her ass beckoning for me to touch it. My cock ached for release.

I wasted no time going about my plan. I knew Kaycee was relaxed about locking her doors when she was home, so I just hoped that held true today, or my plan wasn't going to work. I went outside to her front door, and tried the knob. Sure enough, the door swung right open. Her apartment was as I remembered it the few times I'd been invited over for a quick cup of coffee: clean and tidy.

I snuck back through her bedroom on my way to her back door. I peeked out the back door to see she was still sleeping peacefully, so I decided to snoop around a bit first. It didn't take me long to find something – lying out in the open on top of her bed was a huge vibrator. I groaned at the image of her fucking herself with this on the bed, moaning and writhing. Looking through her dresser drawers, I made an interesting discovery. She didn't have a single bra or pair of panties of any kind anywhere in her apartment. It occurred to me then that she must have been naked that night on the balcony with me, since she had said she wasn't properly dressed and there was no underwear or lingerie in her apartment that she otherwise could have been dressed in. I grinned; again, the illusion of my little Kaycee's innocence was quickly fading away, and I liked it.

I decided I'd seen enough, so I went ahead with my plan. I snuck over to her back door and locked it from the inside. She had no keys or anything else with her outside – just a bottle of sunscreen and her birthday suit. Once I crept back out the front and locked that behind me as well, she would be trapped outside. I locked the front on my way out and went back inside my apartment. I picked up my pack of cigarettes, took a deep breath – too late to turn back now – and opened my own back door.

I burst out onto the balcony, stretching and yawning, feigning ignorance and fatigue. Then, when I set eyes on Kaycee, I said, "Holy shit!" and feigned surprise as well. She woke up at all the racket I was making, looked at me, and screamed in surprise, sitting up and trying desperately to cover herself. She put one arm across her tits, just barely covering her nipples, and the other hand went between her legs, covering her pussy. She curled her legs up underneath herself, trying to hide as much as possible. She just stared at me in shock.

Finally, she said, "What the fuck are you doing out here?"

"They just changed my shift at work. I just got back and I was coming outside for a cigarette," I lied, showing her my pack. "I'm sorry; I didn't expect you to be out here like this."

Kaycee got incredulous: "Well, stop staring at me, go back inside!"

I pretended not to realize what I had been doing – staring right at her body, not even looking at her face – and said, "Right. Sorry, sorry. I'll go back in." I turned around and went back inside, shutting my door behind me, and then I sat down on my couch and waited for her. It was only a matter of time.

I heard her getting up and walking to her door, trying the handle and rattling the door around in its frame. She cursed under her breath, trying to open the door and finding it locked. She gave up, cursed again, and then I smiled as I heard her walking over to my door. My plan was working perfectly.

She hesitated, and then I heard her knocking on my back door. I walked over to the door and opened the blinds before opening the door. I pretended to be shocked to see her still naked; still, she had one forearm barely covering her tits and her other hand covering her gorgeous pussy. I opened the door and asked, "What is it? What's going on?"

She sighed, and then said, "I seem to have locked myself out the back door. Could you go around to my front door, go inside my place, and unlock my back door from the inside?"

"Sure, no problem," I said. "I'll just be a second."

I left my back door open and sprinted out the front. I tried her front door, but of course it was locked because I had left it that way. Then I walked back inside my own apartment and headed straight for the balcony. I poked my head out to find her waiting on her chair as she had been before: covering up with her legs tucked underneath. I said, "Kaycee, I'm sorry, but your front door is locked. There isn't a key under the mat, is there?"

Kaycee cursed under her breath again. "Shit," she said, "No, there's no key under the mat. I could have sworn I'd left the front unlocked..." She never cast an accusing eye at me though, so I knew she trusted me. She would doubt her own memory before she doubted me – perfect. "I'm going to need to call the landlord then," she said. "Can I borrow your phone?"

"Sure," I said. "Let me grab it." I ran back inside and grabbed my cordless, then brought it out to her on the balcony. I handed it to her, and waited to see which hand she would use to take it. She was going to have to uncover something...

She realized this too, I could tell, and sighed before removing her hand from her lap. She kept her tits covered while dialing the number. I peeked between her legs while her eyes were on the phone and I could just make out the top of her slit, and the little hood of her clit, which I was interested to note, was slightly swollen. Was she enjoying this a bit?

She spoke to the landlord for a moment, and then hung up, saying, "Shit! I can't believe that asshole! He says he's fixing something in a unit across town and he wont be able to make it here for at least a few hours."

I tried not to smile. I was counting on our asshole landlord and he came through wonderfully. He was the laziest dick head in property management in the city. He was probably downstairs watching TV right now and just didn't feel like getting up until the Twilight Zone marathon was over.

She sighed and I said, "Listen, you can come into my place and wait it out, if you like. It would be better than waiting out here all by yourself."

She thought about it and then said, "Yeah, you're right. Thanks."

She stood up after handing me the phone and covering her pussy again. I held the door open for her and she stopped. "Nice try," she said. "Men first today. I don't want you checking out my ass." She grinned a bit playfully at me.

I pretended to be thoughtless and embarrassed: "Right, right. Sorry, that's pretty stupid of me." She smiled, said it was okay, and went in after me. I turned around to shut the door, and by the time I had turned around to face her again, she was sitting on the couch, covering herself up as she had before.

"Do you have anything I can cover myself up with?" she asked.

I pretended to think about it. "Actually... no, I really don't. All my towels and blankets are going through the laundry downstairs. I don't even have any clean shirts either right now." I gave her a rather convincing frown. "Sorry," I said. In reality, I had just hidden all that in my closet so I wouldn't have to offer her anything that might hide her beautiful body from me.

"Shit," she complained. "I can't believe my luck today." She picked up a small pillow laying next to her on the couch and quickly covered herself up, hugging the pillow with both arms. The pillow barely succeeded in covering her nipples, and only covered her pussy by casting it in shadow. I could see the sides of her tits peeking out from behind the frills at the pillow's edge. I also admired the curve of her body, the sides of her ass, and everything else I could see.

"Well, can I get you anything while we pass the time?" I asked.

"No, I'm okay. Thanks though."

I sat down next to her and turned on the TV. I handed her the remote so she could find something she liked and then I just leaned back and admired her body while her attention was on the screen. I lost control and couldn't turn my head away anymore. I had to devour every inch of her with my eyes. Eventually, she noticed this.

"What are you staring at?" she asked, clearly a bit uncomfortable.

"I'm sorry," I said, turned my eyes back to the TV. "I just can't help it," I said, giving her my best puppy dog look.

She sighed, "It's okay, I guess. I'm just not used to being looked at like that anymore."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well, my boyfriend broke up with me a couple weeks ago," she said, looking kind of sad.

"What?" I said, totally shocked, but very happy on the inside. "Why would he do that? He doesn't know how luck he was to have a girl as great as you."

She smiled at me. "You think so?" I nodded, smiling back. "I'm glad you think so, but he kept complaining because I wouldn't do a threesome with him and this girl he knows. He said he was... getting bored with me in bed." She hung her head a little bit.

"That's a bunch of crap," I said, trying to comfort. "He just wanted a free pass to cheat on you. Good for you sticking up for yourself and saying no. And as far as getting bored with you..." I allowed my eyes to wander back over her body while she was watching me. She didn't seem to mind this time. "I don't see how anyone could get bored of a girl in bed with a body like yours."

She blushed brighter than I'd ever seen her blush before, and said, "Really? You really think that's true?"

"Of course," I said. "I'm sure he was just saying that to hurt your feelings. I bet you're amazing in bed."

She blushed again, smiling. She seemed to relax a little, leaning back and letting the pillow fall away from her body a little bit. I was able to barely see one of her nipples peeking out. She apparently didn't notice. She said, "I hope I am. I try," she laughed. "God, I've almost forgotten what its like to have sex though."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

She answered, "I haven't done anything sexual since he broke up with me. I've been so down in the dumps." She threw her arms up in frustration. "I really need to get fucked again," she said, and then her hands immediately covered her lips, and she blushed again, not believing that she could use such language herself. "Sorry," she said, "I can have a foul mouth when I get mad sometimes." She smiled innocently and I had never wanted her more than at that moment.
