 Chapter 3

Oh, what a morning it had been! My neighbor & I had turned a corner in our relationship. We had spent most of the last 18 hours exploring one another's bodies and sexual needs.

Here we now were, in my den, very comfortable & nonchalant with our mutual nudity. Marie excused herself to go to the bathroom. She was gone for a long enough time that I started to wonder. Then she appeared, and with that winning grin, said, "You know, I really like this new look. Since I can remember, going back to the very first time I trimmed myself for a bathing suit, I wondered if I would look sexy with it all shaved off." 

As she spoke, she was still looking downward. Her fingers were spreading her lips, trying to gain that extra line of sight. In the process, she dragged a finger up along those lips and across her clit. Without any hesitation, she passed her finger over it a couple of more times, each time remarking on how good it felt to be shaved, and with each touch shuddering a sign of self-gratification. She looked so hot and agitated that I had to do something.

I excused myself, saying I'd be right back. I went into my bedroom to get my video camera. Man, those things were big back then. I wanted to make a film of Marie, but wasn't sure what her reaction might be. I decided on a little bit of short-term secrecy. I placed the camera within my bookshelves, pointing it toward my bed. I then put it on "record," turned on some soft music to camouflage its "whir," covered the record light from view, and then went back out to the den. She was right where I had left her, lightly touching herself, but mindful of her surroundings.

I sat down, putting an arm around her. As I drew her into my side she withdrew her fingers from her pussy. I asked her to replace them, saying how much I was enjoying watching her. It was obvious that she felt a little awkward, and just laid her hands back in her lap.

Now was the opportunity. I got up, took her by the hand while picking up our clothing, and led her off to my bedroom. She jumped up on my bed, with a little well-placed prod, and settled right back. 

What a sight she was. I think I had always envisioned her in my bed, but hadn't obsessed with it.

Unexpectedly, my phone rang. I answered, finding one of my clients on the other end. We talked for a moment about an order they had placed with me several weeks before. They wanted to expedite the shipment. I promised a return call within 30 minutes. After hanging up, I leaned over, kissed Marie lightly, and said that I'd really like to make passionate love to her again. "I have to make these calls, but while I'm in my office, I want you to keep this warm." With that, I took her hand and placed it over her pussy. "I know you're still horny. I'm still horny. While I'm taking care of this customer, I want you to play with your pussy & clit. Bring yourself to orgasm imagining that I'm watching you. I won't be, of course, but I'm betting that the thought will make you really hot. I want you to come while I'm making my calls. Promise you'll do that for me."

Marie's hands were already moving. She was almost trance-like. She looked at me and said, " This won't take long!" As I kissed her cheek, I whispered in her ear, "Then just keep cumming until I get back. I want you to cum as many times as you want. No! I want you to cum as many times as you can! When I get back, I want you to tell me what you fantasized about while you were masturbating."

While on hold, awaiting shipping info for my customer, I was obviously doing a little fantasizing of my own. I could hear some whimpers from the next room, and found myself more than just a little aroused. There was also that question that kept popping into my mind. Where was all of this going? Here I am, sitting at my desk naked. Being in my underwear was more the norm, but naked, while on my bed in the next room, also naked, my hot neighbor was masturbating. The scene couldn't have been scripted any better than this, and it had mostly developed on its own.

The calls took about 40 minutes. When I got back to my bedroom, Marie, obviously satisfied to some degree, appeared to be napping. She came to slowly when I settled onto the bed next to her. She hadn't heard me come into the room, nor had she heard when I rewound & removed the tape from the camera, put it into the VCR, and turned it on by remote.

Her first real notice of surroundings was when I started lightly licking her nipples while trailing my fingers across her mound. My touch was feathery, like a tickle. When she became aware of other noises in the room, her eyes slowly opened and focused on my television across the room. Before she could react, I spoke up, saying, "I have always wanted to watch you masturbate. All those times I inquired, it was just passed over with nervous laughter." She started to speak, but I stopped her. "I didn't do this to deceive you. I just want to watch you do it. I want to see how you pleasure yourself so I'll know what turns you on the best. We can watch together, then you can destroy the tape." With that, I concentrated my touching on those sensitive nipples. I placed her right hand over her pussy, then asked her to tell me all about her fantasy while masturbating.

Finally being given the opportunity to speak, Marie took over the conversation. "No one has ever asked me to fantasize. Initially, I found it difficult to do. Then I heard something, and saw your camera. It's okay with me because I already trust that you'll not do anything to hurt or deceive me. So, my fantasy started with me masturbating under your watchful gaze. Then it developed into you becoming so aroused while watching, that I found myself masturbating us both simultaneously." 

Marie then really started stroking us both, herself with one hand, and me with the other. She not only continued with relating her fantasy, but also turned it more into a present tense story. She had flipped around into a side-by-side "69-like" position, telling me how hot she was getting watching me watch her masturbation tape, all while she masturbated us both. The whole story had taken on a life of its own, and had reached the point where I no longer knew whether she was relating fantasy, or narrating reality. When she got to the point where she described how she was making me cum in her mouth, I just yelled out, "Now!" She drank it down, not missing a stroke of her masturbation/fantasy-induced orgasm. I fired so much semen into her mouth that I was certain that she'd gag and choke. Instead, she continued sucking & stroking hard. I actually had to move her away when I couldn't take any more.

Shear sexually induced exhaustion took over, forcing a half hour nap. When I awoke, Marie was thoughtfully washing me. This was fast becoming a very thorough, and enjoyable ritual. It was more than a quick wipe-down. She used 2 cloths, one hot and soapy, while the other was just warm and wet. 

Marie was the total lover. Before, during, and after any sexual activity, she was warming, loving, and caring. She always thanked me for being such a wonderful lover, but in reality, she was better at it than I. 

It was getting near the time when her children would be coming home on the school bus. Without urgency or speed, we started gathering clothes and dressing each other. I hooked her bra, and was about to help with her panties when I had a change of heart. I held them to my nose, inhaled deeply, and then slid them under my pillow. 

Marie's mouth fell open. "What are you doing? I need my panties!" I said, "Firstly, I smelled them because I'm a male animal. It turns me on. Secondly, I put them under my pillow so I can smell you whenever I please. And thirdly, you don't need panties. You won't be the first woman to go without them, nor will you be the last. And since we're on the subject of male fetishes, I'll tell you this. I'm not into collecting panties, but I will always have a pair of yours under my pillow. Whenever you come here, you cannot be wearing panties. You can come over and retrieve them at any time, just so long as you leave a pair that you've just worn. If you don't leave any, you're either breaking off our relationship, or you're telling me that you're in need of a spanking. I will certainly oblige. It can be a wonderful form of sexual arousal."

She still looked a little shocked, but I proceeded to help her on with her pants. She claimed to feel somewhat different without panties. I told her that just the thought of her being without underwear would keep me horny.

She had a flushed look when she headed home. I was certain that her panty-less condition was responsible. It sure as hell was responsible for my hard-on.

Neighborly Needs - Ch 4

On the personal side, errands had been neglected that day and needed attention. When you're a bachelor, all of the details are yours alone. Mail, dry cleaning, grocery shopping, and some drug store items kept me out and about for long enough that I decided to get some dinner as well.

When I finally arrived home at 8 PM, there was a message on my answering machine. Marie's voice greeted me. "The kids went out to play shortly after they got off the bus, leaving me with some time to think. You really bring something out in me that I've never before experienced. I had a wonderful day. I've never before gone without panties, and put some on as soon as I got home. You are so naughty! Anyway, as I thought about what we'd done today, I got so worked up that I started to play with myself. I ended up soaking my clean panties, three times! They're under your pillow. If you get home early enough, I'm sure they'll still be wet. Call me if you can. The kids will be in bed by 9 o'clock."

Marie didn't know it at the time, but what she was experiencing was something that had been suppressed in her forever. She had never before shown her love in a sexually animalistic way. To some she might initially appear to be insatiable – a nymphomaniac. She was not. She was a lover in the true sense. When you truly make love to a lover, you discover what I discovered. It cannot be explained or described, it needs to be experienced.

"Hi, I got your message. I'm glad about your day. Mine was pretty spectacular, as well." I continued by saying, "If this is what naughty gets me, count on me staying naughty! As a matter of fact, I may get more naughty! By the way, thanks for the panties. They're still quite damp, and I'm sniffing them as we speak."

Marie spoke up, "You know, I really don't know what to think of that fetish. Is it something that most guys do?"

"Well, there are guys out there that steal them from neighbors' laundry or clotheslines. When they get caught, they're labeled as predators or weirdoes. That's not good. Only those of us fortunate enough to have a willing donor get to do it without threat of reprisal."

We talked about other things for another half hour, finally say goodnight with the promise of talking "tomorrow," possibly even getting together.

Marie had come over after putting her kids on the bus the next morning and, finding me still in bed, decided to make breakfast. Since I've never been a breakfast eater, there was little to choose from. In my sleep, I thought I had sensed her presence, but dismissed it until later when I reached under my pillow. No Panties! Maybe she was a little freaked out by this. I decided to wait until she said something.

I was greeted with the aroma of bacon. Breakfast in bed is a rarity, so I would never discourage the offer. Marie joined me. I was naked under the covers, she fully clothed on top of the covers. When we had finished eating, I asked about dessert. Thinking that such a request after breakfast was unusual, she asked what I'd like. I told her, "Take your clothes off and sit on my face while I think about it." The open-mouth look on her face was more an indicator of an impending blowjob. I immediately interrupted her thoughts, telling her to get naked, and get on top of me. Although still somewhat in shock, she complied. After all, I had yet to disappoint her.

She climbed up and immediately moved toward a "69" position. I stopped her. "Straddle my head while holding onto the headboard." I love to eat a woman while in this position. It is true face sitting. She gets to control pressure and movement. I get to watch her facial expressions. I said, "I know how wet you get when excited. That'll be my dessert. I want it! Don't hold back!"

Her demeanor indicated I had once again "pushed her button." She was actually sitting on my upper chest, my arms pinned but moveable behind her. I raised my hands, sliding them easily from behind her to caress her breasts. Oh, those sensitive nipples were just straining, as stiff and hard as they could be. I immediately put my fingers, from both hands, into her mouth for wetness, tweaking and rolling those nipples until my fingers were dry again. She was in full swing now, actually motioning when it was time to wet my fingers again. All the while, she was controlling her pelvic thrusts and grinding onto my mouth & tongue, telling me when to lick or suck.

Through her half-open eyes, she could see the landscapers clearing leaves next door. I have a window over my bed. Its level doesn't permit a view of bedroom activities, but when kneeling as she was, she had a full view out. Just her head was above the windowsill. I had a good idea what was going through her mind, so, while taking a quick breath I said, "Would you like it if they could see you now? Would it excite you to have them see you getting eaten...cumming on my face?"

Well, the food gates opened! She exploded and shook for minutes on end. Whenever I could, I'd ask, "Can they see you, can they hear you?"

When she finally "dismounted", my face was soaked with her juices, eliciting a giggle from her. "Hope you enjoyed your dessert as much as I liked giving it to you!"

"I drank what I could. The rest I'll wipe up with your panties. It'll make them nice & damp again." As I said this I was watching her expression, and there was a momentary look of wondering, quickly replaced by a matter-of-fact statement, "Oh, I took them from under your pillow this morning, and put them in the laundry at home. There's another pair for you but I forgot to bring them back with me."

I fell silent for a very long moment. I then asked, "Were you thinking about breaking off our relationship when you took them? You must have been. That was how we left things yesterday." I was almost not giving her room to reply, but she broke in enough to say, "Oh no, I just forgot to bring them."

Again, I let the room fill with silence for a number of very long minutes. "Well, you must have considered what I might think. In doing so, you had to have considered that if I discovered them missing before you got back here, then you'd probably be faced with having your bottom spanked. I think you need to be punished for testing me like this."

Now it was Marie's turn to let the room fill with silence. When she finally spoke she said, "I think I do want to be spanked. I think that subconsciously I provoked this, but I need to know what the rules are before you punish me. I haven't been spanked since I was twelve, and that last time left me confused. Inwardly, I didn't know whether I was embarrassed or aroused. When you mentioned it yesterday, I started wondering all over again. I'm still wondering, but I'm sure I don't want to find out at the expense of pain."

"The rules are as follows," I interjected, "for now, the only disobediences on your part that will provoke a spanking is removing, without replacing, your used panties from under my pillow, and/or wearing panties when in my company. Through your silence, you agreed to that yesterday, and still do unless you speak your disagreement right now."

She remained silent.

I continued, improvising as I went along. After all, I'd never been in this position before. It had presented itself, and I ran with it. "Any infraction of those rules will be punished as follow:

1.You will have your naked bottom spanked six times, three times on each cheek. 2.If you at any time attempt to cover yourself with your hands, the punishment will start over again. Just to be clear, if I spank you four times, and you try to cover up on the fifth, I start all over again. 3.If I have to start over two times, the number of spanks will increase to twelve, evenly dispersed. 4.If that happens, I'll switch to a paddle.

Marie was absorbing all of this. I could see her thinking, conjuring up different "what-ifs."

"How do I get you to stop if you're really hurting me?" she asked. 

"Very simple, your safe word will be UNCLE. If you use it, I'll stop immediately. I'll give you 12 hours to come up with a suitable punishment for your first infraction, and another 12 hours for a punishment as payment for having used the safe word." I paused for a moment before saying, "Now get to the bottom of the bed and kneel down. Bend at the waist. You may lean into a pillow, but you may not bury your face into it. Each time, just before I spank you, you will call out, "ONE PLEASE, and then TWO PLEASE, etc. Don't forget!

I rubbed her bottom gently as she was getting into position. She was almost shaking with fear, or was it anticipation?

"Are you ready?" I asked.

"Yes sir, ONE PLEASE!" was her reply. I hadn't asked for, nor had I expected her to address me as "sir," but this whole scene was getting so kinky, I'd given up being surprised.

We proceeded through number five, with her calling out each time. Then she didn't say anything, but covered her red bottom with her hand while saying, "I have a question."

"Well, you may have a question, but you also now get six more spanks! What is your question?"

"May I have the teaser in my ass while I'm being spanked, and would you fuck me afterwards?"

I immediately complied, first lubing her ass, and then inserting the teaser; second, administering six more spankings while she called out the count; then by giving her a hard fuck. "All favors must be repaid with favors of my choice at a later time", I said as I was using the teaser to toy with her ass, and fucking her doggy style.

"What kind of favor?" she asked, barely able to breathe.

As I gripped the teaser, pumping it in & out, I said, "My first favor is I want you to ask, no beg, for this to be my cock instead of the teaser." I fucked her harder than I'd ever fucked before. At the same time, I reamed her ass with the teaser at such a speed that my hand was a blur. She kept yelling out "Harder, Faster!"

We both exploded into simultaneous orgasm. After separating and resting, Marie performed her clean-up ritual (I really was getting used to and spoiled by this event), and then got dressed. When she was about to leave, she feigned finding something in her pocket – a pair of used panties. "Oh, I guess I forgot I'd brought these." Of course, there was a little grin that went along with the statement.

"With all the activity it's seen, my pussy is kind of sore, so if I come back tomorrow, I may end up 'begging' for something else!"

To be continued...

Author's note: Sorry to have taken so long. As previously stated, this is a true story and deserves more attention to detail.