 Aymie wasn't sure she'd ever blushed so much in her life, or so deeply. Mr. Davis would not stop kissing her and she would not stop letting him, even though far too much time had passed since they'd escaped the throng of the party and found their secret little corner of the house. The man had just made her cum, and it was one of the most intense orgasms she'd ever had in her life, and yet she felt herself melting into his touch and his kiss all over again, her body hungry for more and more. Would she ever have enough?

He was an expert with his mouth. It was like he knew the exact way to kiss her to leave her gasping, the perfect places to put his hands to make her burn, and the right noises to make to cause that ache in her pussy to deepen and spread. She wanted him again, right here, right now. Damn the time passed. She wanted everything. 

Aymie had been pinned to the wall by his body all this time, coiled around him like ivy but she unwrapped herself, took hold of his shoulders, and spun them. Mr. Davis broke the kiss and lifted a brow at her, letting himself be pushed and maneuvered with a playful and amused expression on his face. She pressed herself against him, leaning in to kiss him again but he placed two fingers on her lips, stopping her. 

"We should probably get back to the party, hmm?" 

Aymie shook her head, took hold of his hand, and slipped those two fingers past her lips and into her mouth, sucking on them. She slid her tongue along the digits, coating them in saliva before sucking them clean and popping them out of her mouth. Mr. Davis watched her with that entertained expression before his eyes widened a bit and he adopted a more hungered look. He tilted his head and his mouth dropped open a bit and, once she released his fingers, he moved to pull her in for another deep, passionate kiss but she stopped him this time, planting a hand on his chest and sliding down to her knees in front of him.

"Not until I've had a taste," she growled, reaching for the leather belt that held his slacks up.

He moved his hands in to stop her again, but she refused to allow it. She unbuckled his belt and began on the button and zipper of his pants, sliding them down slowly. He was so hard, and it was so inviting and Aymie would be damned if she didn't take a taste of him. Just one taste, then she'd go back to the party. 

"Aymie...we've already been up here too long," he said, but his hand moved to the back of her head as if to guide her in. 

She looked up at him with a smirk. "I know." 

She pressed her mouth to the bulge in his boxer-briefs, teasing him and stimulating him atop the fabric. Mr. Davis's head rolled backwards at the feel of her lips, and his mouth dropped open. Aymie inhaled through her nose, taking in the smell of him, the scent of his anticipation and arousal and it made her quiver with need. She had to taste him. 

She hooked her fingertips into his boxer-briefs and peeled them down, letting them drop and pile around his ankles. His erection bobbed up, now freed from its confines, and hung enticingly in front of her face, a dribble of precum sitting at the tip. Aymie began to salivate. 

"Aymie..." he protested, looking down at her and framing the side of her face with his hand. 

She heard none of it. She ran her nose up the side of his shaft, inhaling his musky smell, then swallowed as much of his girth as she could take. She felt a swell of accomplishment when she made it three quarters of the way down before he hit the back of her throat and she swirled her tongue against his length, sheathed in her warm, wet mouth. Mr. Davis inhaled sharply at the sensation, his fingers tangling in her hair, and his exhale came as a low, carnal growl as he looked back down at her. 

He tasted so good, like sweat and skin and salty tang all at once. She sucked on him slowly, looking up to gaze into his eyes while she pleased him with her eager mouth. His expression was so intensely erotic and his hand guided her back onto his length any time she pulled too far away. He wanted her to continue despite his protests, and it made Aymie hungry for more. He'd been hard since they arrived in this room, but hadn't made a single move to stimulate himself; all of his focus went to her, to pleasing her and making her cum harder than she'd ever cum. Aymie wanted to return the favor. 

She didn't consider herself an expert at sucking cock but she'd had enough practice to know a thing or two. Her hands and mouth worked in tandem, stroking and sucking in long, slow movements to ensure she didn't leave a single part untouched, unattended. Precum leaked from the tip of his cock and onto her tongue and she slurped it down eagerly, hungry for more of that taste. If it tasted that good, his cum must taste even better and Aymie had a sudden pressing need to drive him there, and get that flavor in her mouth. 

She picked up the pace and stroked him fast, suckling on the tip of his rigid erection, which elicited a gasp from him and a strong tug in her hair. He was breathing heavier, watching her with wide, lustful eyes, and slowly pumping his hips towards her face every time she'd take him in. He reached a hand down and tugged his cock from her lips, holding it up.

"Lick my balls, baby. Don't ignore them," he guided. 

He slid his hand around his stiff dick while Aymie bent low and began lapping at them, as instructed, going as far as to suck them lightly into her mouth as well, which earned her another gasp and a moan. He tugged on her hair to pull her back up to his length, holding her a few inches back from it. 

"Put your arms behind your back," he told her, positioning himself right at her mouth. "How's your gag reflex?" 

Aymie simply opened her mouth as a response. Mr. Davis grinned and guided himself into her mouth, taking hold of the sides of her head and pushing deep, deep to the back of her mouth, then past that curve and into her throat. She gagged immediately, but kept those hands behind her back. He groaned deeply, holding himself there for a long few moments before pulling back and allowing her air. 

"Do you trust me?" he asked her, fingertips caressing the side of her face. 

Aymie nodded. She did, more wholly and completely than she expected to, having only spoken to him one-on-one for a total of...maybe three days. But this connection they shared seemed to blur out everything, consuming and enrapturing her. She wanted to do everything possible to please this man, yet she knew in her soul that he would never put her in harm's way, and would never do anything to cause her harm. 

"I'm not going to hurt you," he started, then pushed himself into her mouth again, back towards her throat. "But I need to fuck your mouth." 

Aymie nodded, mouth full, and gagged on him again as he pushed into her throat. She clenched her fists behind her back as he began thrusting his cock in and out, in and out, over and over. His pace was slow and measured, hands gripping delicately on the sides of her head while he took charge and claimed her mouth. She tried to suppress her gags and her drool but it was impossible - she'd never taken anyone so deeply into her throat before. 

"Oh, baby, you're so good..." he cooed, gripping her hair in his fists. "Take that cock..." 

Aymie freed one hand and reached down to play with herself while he fucked her face, finding her pussy drooling and hungry for stimulation when she touched it. She stroked and played with her clit, coating her fingers in her wetness while her saliva coated his cock. His pace began to grow a bit more erratic and she felt as though his cock was swelling in her mouth with each thrust he offered her. He was going to cum soon, and Aymie was starving for it. 

His breaths grew sporadic and his grip became tighter and less merciful. The pinch of her hair being pulled only added to the sensation, the experience of this, and Mr. Davis offered no quarter. She looked up at him and his head was thrown back, mouth falling open as he pumped his hips into her face. Aymie watched him, so provocative and so erotic as he used her mouth for his pleasure and she felt fulfilled in a way that she didn't expect. Every bone in her body seemed made for servicing him, for making him feel this good. She felt a deep satisfaction knowing that his orgasm was coming, and that she was the one who brought it to him. 

"Aymie?" 

Every movement, every sensation screeched to a halt. The sound of Derek's voice from down the hall rang out loud and clear, and Aymie's heart leapt up into her throat and her stomach dropped. She threw herself back from Mr. Davis's body and scrambled to get up and make herself presentable. Mr. Davis yanked his boxer-briefs and pants back up, tucking his cock away and buckling everything up the way it was when they'd began. Aymie covered her mouth to stifle the giggle that came to her, fiddling with her hair and pulling it up into the messy bun it had been in before. She was thankful for her minimal makeup, finding that nothing had smudged or smeared, and turned towards the door to go out and meet Derek in the hallway. Mr. Davis stopped her, curling that arm around her waist and kissing her one more time, hard and demanding, before he pulled back, reaching up a thumb to wipe the drool from the side of her mouth. 

"This isn't over," he growled, winking at her and slapping her on the behind, hard. 

Aymie giggled, feeling such a strong, overwhelming desire to stay, to lock the door and spend the rest of the night exploring Mr. Davis in every way she could...but she knew that wasn't possible. She cleared her throat, opened up the door and rounded the corner to meet Derek. 

"Where were you, babe? I came back with drinks but you were gone."

Aymie pointed a thumb behind her. "I uh, wanted to try and find a sweater. It got chilly downstairs."

Derek looked past her with a raised brow. "In the guest room?"

Aymie felt her cheeks flush and willed them to stop. "Well, yeah, y'know...I keep some of my stuff in storage in there and...I thought that the sweater that matches this dress really well was in there." She shrugged, taking the drink that Derek had for her. "Didn't find it."

Derek shrugged as well and placed his hand on the small of her back, guiding her away from the guest room and down the stairs. Aymie managed a look back and saw Mr. Davis watching them leave, a knowing grin on his face. Her gaze lingered on his until he was out of sight. 

-----

Jackson waited in that room for what felt like an eternity. Every nerve in his body was standing on end. His cock was still straining in his pants, likely soaking his boxer briefs with precum from Aymie's eager little display. Once he was certain that enough time had passed, he stepped out of the guest room and took a few steps into the hallway, then stopped in the bathroom to inspect himself before heading back to the party. 

His reflection looked presentable enough, if a bit frazzled and stirred, and he smoothed out his shirt a bit, tucking it in as it had been, adjusted his rolled sleeves and ensured that his erection wasn't too visible as it slowly but surely subsided in his slacks. 

Goddamn, that girl could use her mouth. She was so, so eager to please him and it stimulated every part of him, the physical and the mental, to know that she ached to satisfy him so deeply. She took everything he wanted to give her without a hint of protest, and Jack's mind raced with ideas of how he could explore her and show her even more of his world, his wants. There had to be a way they could meet more often without arousing too much suspicion...but how?

Jackson shook his head, fixed his hair, then left the bathroom and headed back downstairs to the party. Aymie was with Derek in the kitchen, his protective arm wrapped around her waist, and they were mingling with a few party guests but Jack couldn't help but notice how uncomfortable she looked. She was restless, shifting her weight from one leg to the other and then back again, adjusting the hem of her dress to fall on her in the right way. Jack knew that look - she was needy, and itching still for more stimulation and touch. He'd left her wanting, and that was exactly what he wanted. 

He found himself a drink, then chose to mingle in a separate room from Aymie in order to try to clear his head. He chatted with Mrs. Baker for a bit, along with the Florentines and two of the Smiths' insufferable children. Once he got tired of their conversation he excused himself and wandered back into the painting room, where the portrait of Max was still on display. A few of the guests were still in here, but most of them had dispersed. Rosaline was chatting with someone he didn't recognize, so Jack made his way towards the painting and admired it again, now that he was away from its sultry artist. 

She'd captured Max beautifully. It was as though she'd reached into Jackson's head and pulled out the image that he had of the golden retriever, and put it on display. The soul in the dog's eyes was represented in a way that made him think that he were looking at the actual Max, rather than just a painting. He smiled. It really was a stunning piece of work. 

"She's got some talent, eh?"

Rosaline wheeled herself over towards Jackson and smiled at the painting as well. She'd elected to leave her prosthetic off for the night and get around in her wheelchair, which surprised him. Typically she didn't like to be seen much without it. 

"Yeah, she's got a real gift, your girl. It's not often that someone can really see what you see, when you look at your animal, y'know? But she has. It's beautiful."

Rosaline nodded. "She banged that out in a day. I guess little Maxy had been on her mind since the accident." She sipped her drink. "How is the old boy doing? Healing up okay?"

Jack scratched the back of his head. "Yeah, well enough. He's got a long recovery but he wants to run around the house already like nothing is wrong."

She laughed at that. "Just like a dog, I guess. What do you do when you've got to go to work? Crate him?"

Jackson shook his head. "No, that'd be keeping him in a cage for 8 hours or more, on the days I have to go into the office. I couldn't do that to him." He sipped his drink. "I just kind of let him go and hope he doesn't get into anything or hurt himself. He's old enough that he kind of slugs around most of the day." 

Rosaline nodded and eyed up the painting for a moment before she snapped and pointed at him, her expression excited. "I've got a solution!" She turned towards the kitchen. "Aymie, honey, come here for a minute!"

Jack nearly swallowed his tongue. He turned, wide eyed, toward the kitchen where he met Aymie's hesitant gaze as she wandered into the paint room with Derek in tow. Jack took a few steps back to give the girl some space to breathe, and looked towards Rosaline. 

"You want to help Mr. Davis watch Maxy when he goes to work?"

Aymie looked between her mother and Jackson twice before speaking up. "I-I mean, I thought you usually worked from home, don't you?" she asked, without looking at him. 

"Yeah, usually, but I've been having to go in more and more recently."

That was a lie. Jackson hardly ever had to go to the office and when he did, it was only for a few hours at a time. But he was brewing a plan in his head, hatched from Rosaline's idea. If Aymie would come over to watch Max every day, Jackson would get all the time he wanted with her.

Aymie swallowed. "I mean, if you need someone then...I guess I could help. I don't do much at home when mom's at work, other than painting."

Rosaline grinned. "Well, I think that settles it then! She can come over and help out at your place while you're gone. That way Maxy won't be in any danger, and he'll have some company."

Jackson smiled his approval and shot Aymie a knowing look, feeling a tightening in his groin. He'd have all the time in the world to explore her now, and to show her everything that she'd been missing out on. He caught Derek's eye as well, and the boy looked less than pleased with the plan. 

"You sure, babe? I mean, I know you like the dog and everything but...what about your painting and music and...y'know, us?"

Aymie looked up at him and patted him on the chest. "It'll only be for a few weeks. Maxy's recovery is really important. He needs help getting around. I think you'll survive, right?"

Derek sniffed once and nodded stiffly. "Yeah, I guess so."

Aymie nodded and smiled at her mother, then looked up at Jackson and met his gaze. Her own eyes danced with the promise of possibility, and Jack knew she was thinking exactly the same thing that he was. This opened so many opportunities for them. 

"Great. Then I'll see you tomorrow morning, Aymie. Around 10?"

The girl nodded, and bit her lip. "I'll be there."