 She stirred.

I opened my eyes and glanced at her: Tracy, my neighbor, my fantasy, now my reality. As I watched her, a relaxed and contented look on her beautiful face, my mind thought back over the past several weeks.

We had been neighbors for eighteen years, living four houses apart. As neighbors, we often waved as we drove by in the car or said "Hi" as we walked by each other's house. Through the years, when her firefighter husband was on duty, I would help her clear her driveway with my snow blower, as I did with all my neighbors during heavy snows.

She has always been an avid jogger and I often admired her as she ran around the neighborhood. She has dark blond hair cut just above the shoulders and a really beautiful face. Her body is tanned and fit from her constant jogging. Though I was happily married, I often fantasized what making love with her would be like.

She has two daughters, now grown and on their own. Sadly, she lost her husband in a fire seven months ago. I have a son, living in another city, and a daughter who is away in college. My wife died of cancer almost two years ago. We both gave our condolences to each other when our spouses died, but we maintained only the usual interaction.

About three weeks ago, that all changed. On a hot and humid afternoon I was working in my landscaping. I was just about to go inside and get a glass of iced tea when I noticed her walking by the house. Cooling down after a jog, she was dripping with perspiration. On the spur of the moment, I asked her, if she would like a cool glass of water or iced tea. Noticing that I was sweating as much as she was, she answered that something cool to drink would be great. I invited her to sit on the porch and went to get two glasses of iced tea.

We spent some time talking about our children, our neighbors, our spouses, and how we were doing living alone. She asked me what I missed most about not having my wife around. I told her that I missed the companionship, having someone to talk to, and the intimacy my wife and I had shared. When I asked her the same question, she said that her life was lonely, but she didn't miss any intimacy. I asked her why not, and she responded she and her husband never had much in the way of intimacy.

I told her that I was sorry, that I didn't mean to make her uncomfortable. She assured me that it was alright and continued to say that all he was interested in was himself, that as long as he got what he wanted, he never cared about whether or not she was satisfied.

Without thinking, I told her that she was such a nice and beautiful woman that I couldn't believe that any man would not want to please her in bed. She blushed but looked pleased at my comment. After a few moments of thought, she asked if I always took the time to make sure my wife was satisfied. I told her that I always tried and that my first goal when we made love was to make sure she was completely satisfied whenever she wanted. She said that she wished her husband had been like that.

I thought about what to say next and finally asked her if she had ever had a climax, an orgasm. She looked at me for a moment then told me that she seldom did with her husband and only when he took a long time. With a reddened face, she added that sometimes, when she was alone, she helped herself have one with her fingers.

I looked at her and thought since we had come this far I might as well take the next step. "Tracy," I said," I would love to show you what it is like for a woman to be the center of focus and be totally satisfied."

She looked at me for a moment and said, "I think I'd like that, John."

With a smile, I said, "Well, you run home and take a shower, and I'll do the same, and come back when you are ready, OK?"

"OK," she said, got up, and started down the steps. "I'll see you soon," she called back.

Tracy must not have spent much time in the shower because she was back in less than a half hour. I had just finished drying off when I heard the doorbell ring. I threw some shorts on, opened the door, and invited her in.

"Are you sure about this?" I asked.

"Yes, in fact I can't wait," she exclaimed.

I took her hand and led her into the bed room. "Tracy, "I said, "if you feel comfortable, why don't you take your clothes off, lie down on the bed, and relax. I'll turn my back if you want."

She turned away from me, took off her shorts and panties and pulled her T-shirt over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra. Looking over her shoulder at me, she smiled then lay down on the bed.

She looked gorgeous! I thought what a beautiful and sexy woman she was and I told her so.

"You really think so?" she asked. "I never felt like I was very appealing. At least I was never told I was."

"Trust me," I said, "You are truly one gorgeous lady. I can't wait to give you and that body of yours the pleasure it deserves! Just close your eyes and focus on the sensations you are going to experience. These moments are for you!"

I sat on the side of the bed and, with both hands, began to lightly stroke her face. She smiled as I moved to her shoulders and gently kneaded them. My hands massaged down her arms. I told her to move on her stomach. I worked her neck, shoulders, and arms again, then began to knead her back.

"This is so relaxing," she said.

"Soon, you will be doing just the opposite of relaxing," I told her with a chuckle.

I worked my hands down her back, along her hips, and began to squeeze her cheeks. She moaned contentedly. I continued down her body until I had caressed al the way to her toes. I then began working my way up her inner calves and thighs. The closer I came to her womanhood, the more she parted her legs. I brushed my fingers over her vagina, and she gave another moan.

I told her to lie on her back again. This time, I moved from her shoulders to her breasts. Her nipples were full and standing up. I caressed her breasts, then, very gently, grazed my fingers across one nipple. She suddenly arched her body and exclaimed, "That feels soooo good!"

"Tracy," I said, "after I caress your breasts for a little bit, I'm going to take your nipples into my mouth." She opened her eyes, nodded, and closed them again. I took one nipple into my mouth, gently moving my lips back and forth. I flicked my tongue over her erect nipple and her body jerked as though a jolt of electricity coursed through her. As I moved to caress her other breast, myh hand began to caress her stomach. Giving her nipple the same attention as the other, I slowly began to caress toward her mound. She began to twist and move so that my hand moved closer to her thatch.

"Lower," she pleaded, "please move your hand lower."

I released her nipple and began kissing down her ribs and abdomen. At the same time, my fingers sought and found her sex lips. I brushed my fingers up and down her slit. She sighed and spread her legs wider.

"Tracy," I said, "I'm going to caress you with a finger. I will be opening your lips and stroking the sides of your opening. Then I will move my finger up and down. When you feel that you need more stimulation, just say so."

She nodded her head. I gently placed my finger on her lips, and began moving it up and down her slit. I could feel her wetness, so I parted her lips. With my finger barely inside, I touched the side of her outer lips and circled around both sides.

By now, she was writhing and demanding, "I need more ... now ... give me more ... please."

I brought my finger slowly near her clitoris, and then began to rub it with a circular motion. Her sudden jolt nearly knocked me off the ledge off the bed.

"Oh, John!" she cried. "Oh, I've never felt anything like this before. Don't stop ... please don't stop. "

I could sense her nearing an orgasm. While continuing to torment her clit, I took a nipple in my mouth and began to suck it in, pull off, and suck in again. Her entire body began to thrash about and with a squeal, she came. Her fluids covered my fingers. I continued sucking her nipple and rubbing her clitoris. She continued to experience one orgasm after another until she was spent.

I could tell she could stand no more stimulation, so I lay down beside her and kissed her face, her eyelids, and her neck. As she began to tear, I pulled her toward me, put my arms around her, placed my lips on hers, and gave her a long and tender kiss.

Finally, she said, "I never knew how it could feel. I never imagined it could feel so wonderful. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you for helping me experience such satisfaction."

"It was my pleasure, Tracy. Thank you for allowing me to give it to you. There are many more things I can show you, if you wish."

"I wish! I wish!" cried Tracy.

She stirred again. My mind snapped back to the present. We have come so far from that first encounter. Promising myself more daydreams of the past few weeks, I took her into my arms. She smiled and asked, "Are you ready for some more?"