 I rang her doorbell Friday evening. Seeing her standing there took my breath away.

"You look marvelous, Tracy," I said. "I'm going to enjoy the evening just looking at you."

"You say the nicest things, John. I'm looking forward to spending the evening with you, too."

Over dinner, we shared more of our lives with each other. We talked about our parents, what it was like growing up, our interests, what we were involved in. There was much laughter. I found myself drawn even stronger to her personality, her sense of humor, and that contagious laugh.

Toward the end of the meal, I asked, "Would you like desert now or wait until later?"

"I think I'd like to wait. I'm really full right now," she answered.

"Well, what would you like to do next, then? Go to a movie? Walk through the mall?"

We chose to go to the mall. As we walked, she took my hand. How easily our conversation continued. When closing time arrived, I suggested we find a place for coffee and desert.

Over desert, our conversation turned to sex.

"I was wondering, John, why you always seem to want to satisfy me first."

"I just get so much pleasure out of watching you enjoy being satisfied. The way your body responds, the look on your face when you come, and knowing that it's me making your feel that way. It's, I guess, rewarding. Also, I've always thought that a woman's needs should be met before the man's."

I paused, then said, "Plus, I don't bounce back from coming the way I used to when I was younger. If I came first, and then I wanted to come again later, I might not be able to do it for awhile."

"I'm so glad I got to know you, John. You've helped me realize that sex isn't a selfish thing, it's a sharing thing."

"Exactly," I responded.

Looking at my watch, I said, "It's getting late, are you ready to head home?"

On the way home, we decided to wait until the next day to do any, as she put it, "Fucking."

I said, "I've got some yard work I want to do and some odd jobs around the house to finish."

"And I want to go for my morning jog then do some housework," she added.

"What time would you like to get together, then?"

"Can you be finished by mid-afternoon? If you can, be at my house around 2:00 or so," she said.

"If I'm not, I'll drop whatever I'm doing. I don't want to miss fucking the most fantastic woman I've ever known."

I walked her to her door. We shared a long, soft kiss.

Brushing her cheek with my fingers, I said, "I'll see you tomorrow."

Looking into my eyes, she answered, "I'll be waiting."

I finished my chores, hopped in the shower, and made it to her house just before 2:00. As I stepped inside, she threw her arms around my neck and gave me what I can only describe as a full-body kiss. She pressed her lips against mine, my chest to her breasts, and her mound against my groin. I could even feel her thighs against mine.

Breaking the kiss, she asked, "How did you like that welcome?"

"It made me weak in the knees," I responded.

"It also had some effect on your cock. I could feel it start to grow against me.

"What can I say? You really turn my body on."

"Come on, let's go to bed. I have something I want to try," she said with a seductive smile.

As we went to her bedroom she suggested that it might be fun to undress each other this time. We slowly removed each other's clothing, kissing, licking, and sucking various body parts as they were uncovered. Several times we were both trying to mouth each other at the same time. We ended up being reduced to laughter at the contortions we found ourselves in.

We fell on the bed and I asked, "OK, Tracy, what is it that you want to try?"

She explained that she had been getting a lot of pleasure with the vibrator on her ass. "I started with the smaller vibrator. Then I got brave and started using the bigger vibrator. One time I got it way inside. The vibrations really excited me. I played with my tits and rubbed my clit until I came. Some of them were so intense I thought I'd pass out. So, I've been wondering, what would it feel like with your cock in there?"

"There's only one problem with that, Tracy."

"What's that?" she asked.

"My cock doesn't vibrate."

"I know that, silly," she laughed. "Did your ever fuck your wife that way?"

"No. We used the vibrator a lot, but I never put my cock inside."

"Would you like to try it? You could even come inside me. I don't know if that would be like coming in my pussy, but at least you'd be inside me."

"I'd love to try it, Tracy," I said. "In fact, you're getting me all worked up just talking about my cock in your ass."

"So how do you think we should do it?" she asked.

I thought for a moment, then suggested, "How about you get on your knees on the edge of the bed and lean down on your elbows? Then I could stand behind you and put it in."

"No, I don't think I'd like that, John. That's the way animals do it."

"OK then, you could lay on your side and I could curl up behind you and ... no ... I don't think your ass would open up enough that way."

She asked, "Is there a way with me sitting on top of you? Like you sitting and I kneel facing away from you then lowering myself down on your cock?"

"That would work. Or, how about this? I'm on my back and you kneel across my hips, but facing me. You can put your hands on the headboard for balance and lower yourself down on my cock. You'd have full control of how fast or slow we go and how deep I go inside you. And I would get to play with your tits and pussy."

"And I could reach behind you and play with your balls." she said. "OK, then it's decided.

"Too bad you don't have much enthusiasm, Tracy."

She smiled, "But let's start with some hugs, and kisses, and sucks, and licks first. Nipples and pussy and cock."

So we did.

"Are you ready to try it now, John?"

"I am so ready, Tracy. Get some lubricant. Lather up my cock and I'll put some on your ass and your pussy."

She got the lubricant and began to spread it on my cock, slowly and teasingly. My cock hardened and stood up quickly.

"Looks like you're ready for some action," she smiled. "Now do me, but don't take too long."

When we both were good and slick, I lay back on the bed. She straddled my hips.

"Go slow, Tracy. Remember, you decide what we do and how we do it."

She put her hands on the headboard and started lowering herself until my cock was just touching her anus. I held my cock and she slowly pressed against it. As my cock penetrated slightly, I could feel her anus opening up. She paused and pulled off. She lowered herself again and my cock entered a little deeper.

"I'm glad I've done this with the vibrator first. I really like the stretchy feeling down there."

She pushed down again and I could feel my cock slide past her sphincter. She held it there for a moment, then slowly pulled off. She pushed again and took my cock even farther. She began pumping slowly, pulling off and then drawing me deeper with each stroke. When I was fully inside, she stopped and held me there.

"I love the feel of you inside me, John," she said, then surprised me with a squeeze of my cock.

I twitched and moaned. "It feels good for me too. It's different than being in a pussy. It's so tight and warm. I feel like my cock is surrounded. And I really liked it when you squeezed."

She squeezed again and said, "Let's fuck now, John."

She lifted her ass and pulled me nearly out of her, and lowered herself again. She began pumping my cock in and out of her ass, gradually increasing her speed. I reached up and took both of her nipples in my fingers. As I pinched and twisted them, she bounced on my cock faster and faster. I started thrusting my hips in rhythm with her. I could feel myself nearing orgasm already.

"Pump faster, Tracy ... that's it ... yes ... play with my balls ... Ohhh ... yes ... you are so tight ... faster ... faster ... finger your clit ... fuck your clit ... Ohhh ... I'm starting to come ..."

She responded by bouncing up and down even faster. She furiously fingered her clit.  "Ohhh, John ... Ohhh ... fuck my ass ... squeeze my tits ... fuck, me, John ... I can feel your cock stretching me ... push harder ... I'm going to come ..."

As I came, she gripped my cock with her ass and shouted, "I feel your come ... Ohhh ... yes ... come inside me ... keep fucking ... keep coming ... Ohhh ... shoot your come inside me, John .... don't stop ... Ohhh ... I'm coming ... I'm coming now ..."

Her body jerked and twisted as she came. She held me tightly inside and fingered herself to several more orgasms. Finally, she rolled off and dropped beside me on the bed, as exhausted as I was.

We lay quietly, our breathing ragged, too drained for words. I took her hand and she wrapped her fingers in mine.

When my breathing returned almost to normal, I said, "That was incredible, Tracy."

"I know, John. It was unbelievable. The sensations were overwhelming."

We lay there a while longer. I leaned over, gave her a kiss, then asked, "Do you think you have the energy for more? I have something new for you."

"You'll have to give me lots of attention to get me ready for more, John."

"You know what, Tracy? You're really becoming a demanding woman."

"It's all because of what you do to me. I can't get enough."

I gave her the "lots of attention" she asked for. Then, I positioned myself so that my fingers were twisting her nipples and my mouth was sucking her clit. When I felt her body begin to tremble, I slipped two fingers inside her pussy and reached for her G Spot. As I rubbed it strongly back and forth, her body began writhing uncontrollably.  She shuddered, she shrieked.

"Ohhh, John ... Ohhh ... Oooo ... don't stop ... Ohhh ... Ahhh, stop ... what are you doing to me ... stop ... Ohhh ... No, don't stop ... Ohhh, don't stop ... Oooo, I'm coming ... Ohhh, my body's on fire ... I'm coming ... I'm coming ...Ohhh, I'm coming ..."

As she came, fluid poured from her pussy. I continued torturing her G Spot and sucking her clit. She bucked and arched. She shouted and screamed. She begged me to stop, but I wouldn't. Finally, to get my fingers off her G Spot and my mouth off her clit, she pushed against my shoulders and rolled on her side. I watched her lay there, shudders coursing through her body.

When she was able, she said, "Wow! That was some kind of orgasm. It was like my whole body came. Warm feelings just spread all over me. I think I could even feel it in my toes and my fingers. Please, let's do that again sometime."

"I promise. I loved what it did for you, watching your reactions, how your body just shook, the sounds you made. You know, you actually screamed. And you should have seen the look on your face. You were really over the top."

"And I love everything you do for me too, John. I love it how you make me feel. I had no idea that sex could feel this way, this intense.  And, do you know what else? I like making you kind of loose control yourself when you come."

"We're pretty good together, aren't we," I said.

"I know, John."

We lay silently for awhile, hand in hand.

Later, I helped her out of bed. We dressed and walked to the door where we held each other and shared a lingering kiss.

"John," she said, "In another ten days or so, it'll be safe for you to fuck me for real."

"What we did today was great. But to actually have my penis inside you is something I've been aching to do."

"Me, too," she said.

"Tracy, I've got an idea. Why don't we spend our time together between now and then just going places and doing things together, but not having sex? Let's just enjoy each other's company. It'll give us something to look forward to. You know, the waiting will increase the desire, make it more intense when we do it."

"I like that idea, John. But, I don't know. How you made me feel today will make it hard to wait. At least we can still get together. And we can still hold hands and hug and kiss. Just think what the anticipation will do to us."

We agreed to avoid any sex for awhile, and made plans to see each other often over the next week and a half. As I walked home, I already was looking forward to the next time I would be making love with her, with my penis inside her.