 I had just arrived home after spending several weeks visiting my daughter and son, when my phone rang. I picked it up and a familiar voice said, "Welcome home, John."

"It is so good to hear your voice, Tracy, I missed you."

"I missed you, too, John" she responded.

While I was gone, we had spoken on the phone a number of times and had made arrangements to get together the evening I got home.

"Hungry?" she asked.

"Actually, yes I am. It was a long trip and I haven't eaten since breakfast."

"I made some vegetable soup and have some warm bread. Would you like to come for supper?"

"That sounds wonderful, Tracy. Let me unpack and I'll be right over."

"I'll be waiting," she said.

She opened the door, dressed in shorts and a top. She greeted me with a hug and a passionate kiss, and said, "It's good to have you back, John."

"It's good to be home, Tracy, and to be together with you again."

She led me to the kitchen. As we ate, she asked about my visit with my children. I thought again how fortunate I was. Here I sat, across from a beautiful women, who seemed to not only enjoy having sex with me, but was interested in me and my life. Our conversation was easy and relaxed.

When we finished eating, we cleared the dishes, and sat back down for a cup of coffee.

"I've been thinking, Tracy. Sometimes it is so awkward using words like sex, penis, vagina, or anus. The thought of using slang words instead kind of turns me on."

"I've heard slang words but never thought of using them with my husband." she said. "You mean like for the word 'sex'? I've heard the word 'screw' used."

"And 'fuck'," I offered.

"'Dick' for penis," she said

"'Cock' for penis, and 'cunt" for vagina," I responded.

"I've heard 'pussy'," she said, "and 'tits' for breasts.

I said, "'Ass'" for anus is another one."

After a moment, I asked, "Do you think you might feel comfortable using slang words when we have sex?"

"You mean when we fuck?" she said with a smile.

I laughed and said, "Yeah," as I smiled back.

"You know, I agree, it just might add some more excitement to our sex together. As if we need it."

"You mean when we fuck?"

She laughed and answered back, "We are definitely going to try it."

"By the way, John, I have something to tell you. The day after you left, I went to a health clinic and got a prescription for birth control pills. I have to use them through one cycle before I would feel safe, though."

"That sounds good to me." I paused, and then said, "I can wait another few weeks before I feel my cock in your pussy."

She laughed again, and said, "All this talk is making me want you to do something for me."

"And what is that?" I asked.

"I've heard about oral sex, but my husband would never do it to me."

"Tracy, next to screwing, the thing I love most is oral sex. Where do you want it, in bed, on the couch, on the floor, on this kitchen table?"

"Decisions, decisions, decisions. Well, for my first time, I really think I would enjoy it on the comfort of my bed."

I stood up, took her hand and led her into the bedroom. I removed her top and shorts.

"Tracy, I'm glad you are a jogger. You have a wonderful body. You must turn on any man who looks at you. I know I can't wait to get my hands and mouth on you."

"Well then, enjoy yourself. I'm all yours."

I lay her down on the bed and gave her lips a soft kiss. We continued the kiss as my hands began to roam from her neck, to her shoulders, and finally to her breasts. I told her to lay back and close her eyes. My lips made a trail to her breasts and I took a nipple in my mouth.

"I love it when you lick and suck my tits." she moaned. I moved from nipple to nipple, stimulating each with flicks of my tongue. I took her nipple into my mouth with a quick hard suck.

"Suck it harder, John ... Yes ... that's it ... now suck the other one ... pull on my other tit ... Ahhh, it feels so good ... Yes, suck on my tits"

She pulled my head against her, pressing my mouth harder against her breast. While my lips were giving each nipple attention, I began stroking her abdomen. Making circular motions with my fingers, I moved closer and closer to her mound. Raising her hips, she brought my fingers to her slit.

"Rub your finger against my pussy, John ... Yes ... Up and down ... More ... Oh yes ... I want your finger inside me ... Please, John ... Now ... Yessss ... Deeper. In and out."

Fearing she may come too soon, I took my finger out of her. She moaned in frustration.

"Why did you stop"" she demanded.

"Because now I'm going to suck your pussy and make you come so hard and so many times that you'll beg me to stop. And even then, I might not."

Without another word, I spread her legs wide, put the soles of her feet flat on the bed, and slid two pillows under her hips.

Placing my self between her legs, I kissed her mound and softly fingered up and down her inner thighs.

"I love the scent of your pussy, Tracy." She began to squirm as I brought my mouth to the inside of her thighs. I went up and down one thigh, then the other, licking, sucking, and nipping as I went.

"It's time, Tracy. Close your eyes and lose yourself."

I placed my lips on her pussy and licked her opening. She moved her hips and moaned, "That feels so good, John. Your tongue is softer than the vibrator."

"And you taste wonderful, Tracy," I murmured.

She was already wet. I licked her slit from top to bottom. She gripped the side of the bed and opened her legs wider. I gently parted her sex lips and located her clitoris. I had barely touched it with my tongue when her body jerked. I moved my tongue in a circular motion and flicked her clit. She twisted and groaned. She began breathing faster. I took her clit into my mouth and gave it a sharp suck.

She grabbed my head, pushed my face against her pussy, and screamed, "Again ... suck it again ... harder ... suck my clit... put your fingers in my pussy ... yes ... ah yes ... fuck me with your fingers ... Oh yes ... in and out ... suck me harder... Ohhhh

She raised her hips against my face and came with a shout. Her juices flowed across my lips and face. I continued sucking her clit and fucking her with my fingers. She continued to orgasm one after another, squealing with each one. She tried to push my face away from her pussy, but I kept my mouth on her clit and my fingers in her cunt.

She groaned, "Stop, John ... please, John ... stop ... now ... I can't take anymore ... Ohhhh ... my body feels like it's on fire ... stop ... Oh nothing can feel any better than this."

I finally pulled my mouth from her clit and my fingers from her pussy. Her body collapsed against the bed. She lay for several moments, not saying a word. Every now and then, she would shudder slightly and groan.

Eventually, she opened her eyes, looked at me, and said, "That was absolutely incredible. You can fuck my pussy like that every day it you want."

"I want, I want," I said enthusiastically.

"I'd like to do something for you, John, but I don't know if I have the energy."

"I know, I can tell. You just lay back and let your body bask in all those feelings. There's always a next time."

"Can I at least suck you off?"

"Yes, Tracy, you can suck my cock. But only if you have enough energy," I said.

She slid down the bed and brought my hardened cock to her mouth. She took it deep and pulled off.

"I love to suck your cock," she said.

She reached and played with my balls as she sucked my cock. It didn't take long for me to orgasm. I shot my come into her mouth. She sucked and swallowed until I had nothing left.

"You can suck me like that every day if you want," I said.

"I want, I want," she said with a smile.

"Tracy, why don't you just stay in bed and relax. I'll let myself out. Oh, I don't have to go back to work for a few days. Would you like to get together tomorrow?"

"I'd like that, John. Got anything new for me tomorrow?"

"Let's see what we can come up with," I said.

We kissed and said goodbye.

I spent the walk home thinking of all the things we had yet to experience.