 She had made such comments over years and they always caught my attention.

Janet was our neighbor. Our kids were near the same ages and she and her husband were good friends. We spent a lot of time together as couples and she would hang with my wife and I with her husband.

My wife, while most willing and aware of what it took to make my happy, was only doing what she thought would keep me satisfied. It was a constant joke among all of us that my wife, and her husband, were meant to be coupled because of their common blah sex drive.

I on the other hand wanted the fun and excitement of the old days. Doing it more than once in a day... in the car... on the beach... or in the shower, would have supplemented my now scheduled 15 minute regular boring sessions. 

It was often clear to me that my wife had shared my desires and lack of satisfaction with Janet... Janet seemed clued in to my wife's complaints that I was insatiable and on the other hand upon hearing my regular complaints would respond, "you should have married someone like Janet if you expected such action..."

Anyway, at dinner with the kids, a typical night out, my wife had made a joke to all of us that we were on our way home to bed. Janet joked, "without any action?" "Of course not" my wife replied, "we already reached our quota this month". A few minutes later, Janet softly said to me, "you and I were meant to be..."

I knew she was either interested or seriously flirting. But, I knew that if I could have the opportunity, and not get caught, I would go for it.

Janet had an awesome body. She worked hard at the gym and despite three kids, her body was firm and her tits were pumped and round. She had big puffy lips and a really soft voice and seemed to know how to always make provocative comments in the most tastefully inviting way. It was clear from her comments that she enjoyed sex and was obviously deprived...

Having said our good nights, and while driving home in our respective suv's, I could not keep myself from picturing taking her from behind in one of our garages or over her dining room table. And while we both seemed quite satisfied with, and in love with our spouses, I was only interested in her as a sex partner... someone to fufill my desires and passion without any strings. 

The following day, after returning home from work, I answered the phone and it was Janet. Len her husband was away on business and she told me she had put all the kids to bed early. I commented, it sounded a lot more peaceful at her house than the typical craziness going on over at my place and she joked, "feel free to come over for a sleep over!"

Zap! My cock was at full attention. My heart was pumping and those mental pictures were playing in high definition in my head. This time, completely more forward or aggressive than I had ever been before I replied, "well don't tempt me, maybe not a sleep over, but a quickie would be doable!" After some silence... she whispered, please come over now, and hung up.

I sat frozen. I thought to myself... Could I do this? My wife was a really cooperative spouse, but an affair, with a friend, what would happen if we ever got caught? Same goes for her husband.. he was a friend, but I knew and it was common knowledge that he had no interest in pleasing her the way I would.

I yelled out to my wife, that I was going to run out to pick up some donuts for the kids... She replied to make sure I picked up some for Janet and her kids, (a common practice between us), and I told her that was my plan.

I raced to the nearby Donut store and then pulled in front of Janet and Len's house... This was it... could I do it? I knocked on the back door and she came to the door in shorts and a tight t shirt. When she opened the door, I knew I couldn't resist and had I tried, I don't think I would have been able to restrain her. She pulled me by the arm and closed the door behind me. Without words her tongue slowly explored my mouth. Before long we were all over each other woking at high speed and my hands clenched onto her tits under the shirt which had exposed her cleavage and rock hard nipples.

I interrupted her to say I can't believe we were doing this. Was she sure? Her reply was just what I wanted to hear. "We'll do it just for fun. We'll be careful. We'll never get caught. We'll keep each other satisfied in the way we aren't in our own homes." 

With that, even with her sleeping three sons upstairs, we were embracing in the kitchen. I could't take my eyes off her nipples protruding through her tight shirt. Our hands now were exploring all parts of each other and I pushed her back into laundry room. I tweeked her nipples and slid my hand into her shorts and inserted my finger into her soaking pussy.

She shivered in anticipation and undid my sweatpants and pulled them down. My rock hard dick was on fire. I pulled her shirt over her head and began sucking her creamy white tits, a dream of mine for years. She especially seemed to enjoy this and her heavy breathing intensified. I pulled down her shorts which revealed her thong panties, soaked with her juices.

She lowered her tits to my cock and simply rubbed them back and forth with my bulging dick between them. Then she slowly sucked on my cock, while I watched her soft lips perfectly clench around my dick.. I ended this pleasure and explained that I couldn't resist and mounted her as we lowered ourselves to the laundry room's tile floor.

It was the hottest feeling helping my cock into her pulsing cunt. She whispered in my ear how she'd wanted to fuck me for years. She told me to pound faster and harder.. which was easy to comply. She was wet, hot and tight and using the wall to brace her I was now ramming her at full speed. As I rocked upon her she spoke into my ear how good it felt. The fever and pace of our humping had never been experienced by me before. I felt my load about to explode...I told her I was about to come and she quietly grunted in climax... soon after I shot my load so hard into her that I though I hurt her... She kissed me ever so tender and said, "how was that for a quickie?"

With tears in her eyes she thanked me. She assured me we were not making a mistake.. that we must continue the need to fulfill our desires, and with a soft kiss of those puffy lips and another embrace where I cupped her breasts, I was on my way home, with the donuts, not more than the usual time spent for the routine trip...