 Aymie stirred, her body waking after a long, much needed nap. Her eyes split open to a room she didn't recognize, wrapped up in sheets and blankets that weren't hers. She licked her dry lips and reached up to rub her eyes, and the afternoon began creeping back into her mind once her consciousness returned. 

What a day. After their first joining, Mr. Davis had taken her two more times throughout the afternoon, pulling another three orgasms from her and cumming once more himself. Her body tingled with soreness and satisfaction, and she hummed happily and covered up her head with the duvet, reaching across the bed for him. He wasn't here, but the bed was still warm from his presence so she knew he couldn't have been far. She rolled over and stretched from head to toe, feeling the rawness between her thighs and stifled a giggle, feeling so deliciously sated after an afternoon of deeply fulfilling, mind blowingly good sex. 

Aymie rose from her cocoon and worked her way out of the bed, opting to throw on Mr. Davis's button down shirt rather than her own clothes. It clung to her curvy form, but was loose enough to be comfortable and she pulled her hair up into a loose bun, looking around the room for a mirror to inspect herself. Finding none, she stepped out of the room and into the hallway, where she found the bathroom just around the corner. When she did find a mirror, she looked at her reflection long and hard. 

It was the image she always knew herself to look like, yet she looked so different. Her skin looked smoother, eyes brighter, hair more vibrant. Her lips were swollen and blushed from Mr. Davis's ravenous mouth, her nipples raw as they rubbed the inside of the shirt she wore. She reached down and traced her finger along the lips of her labia, feeling both a jolt of yummy sensation, and an aching protest that told her no, she didn't need any more. She was finally satiated. Had she ever been so deeply fulfilled by sex before? She wasn't sure of that answer. She felt like a new woman, who was known to her core and that brought a smile to her kiss-plumped lips. She left the bathroom feeling valued and beautiful, and went in search of Mr. Davis. 

She could hear music coming from the kitchen, so she padded down the carpeted stairs, stopped to give her love to Max, and lingered in the doorway of the well-lit kitchen to watch Mr. Davis. Smooth jazz mixed with some type of deep EDM beat played from a bluetooth speaker in the corner of the room, and Mr. Davis hummed the tune to himself as he prepared some food. Aymie admired him from behind, taking in the defined muscles of his back and shoulders, the way his sweatpants hung from his hips and gave her a view of the crest of his behind. She bit her lip, feeling a deep tingle in her tummy, and wordlessly watched him for a long few minutes. Eventually, he turned around and caught view of her in the doorway, stopping in his tracks. A lazy smile came to his lips and he looked her over from head to toe, approaching her.

"You look so good, Aymie." He slipped an arm around her waist, hand splayed at the top of her bum, and kissed her softly. 

"Look who's talking," she hummed back, welcoming his lips and smiling against them. 

He lingered there for a long moment, then pulled back and kissed her nose before he returned to his food preparation, chopping some vegetables. He turned the music down a bit, making conversation easier, and Aymie took a seat at the table, crossing her legs and leaning forward with her elbows on the wooden surface. 

"How do you feel?" he asked her, looking over his shoulders with an eyebrow raised. 

Aymie sighed and smiled softly. "...Amazing."

"Fulfilled?"

She bit her lip and nodded, and Mr. Davis smiled as well. "Good. That's how it should be." He turned back to his veggies and threw them into a pot on the stove. 

"Is it always like that for you?" 

He turned, leaning against the counter. "Hm? Is what always like that?"

Aymie pointed up, towards the second floor. "That. Sex. Does it always feel like that?" 

The corner of his mouth turned up in a smirk. "Does it for you?"

"No. I don't think it ever has." She felt her cheeks warm as she said the words, and the nagging twinge of guilt came back to the corners of her mind. "It's...I don't know." She shook her head. "I don't want to sound stupid."

Mr. Davis stepped towards her, lifting her chin with a finger so she was forced to meet his gaze. "Tell me."

"It's like I was meant for this, for you. It's like you know me and...what I need better than I do. Better than anyone ever has." She bit her lip. "I don't think I've ever been so fulfilled or felt so complete before." 

His expression softened and he pulled her lip from her teeth, bending to kiss her softly. "I feel it too." He brushed the loose hair from her face, looking into her eyes. "And no, it doesn't always feel like this. I've only felt like this one other time, Aymie Ann. You're special. This is special."

Aymie tilted her head to the side as he stood back up to continue preparing their dinner. "Who else did you feel it with?" she asked him, sounding timid and small.

"My ex wife."

Aymie's heart leapt into her throat and she felt her cheeks blaze at that statement. He'd said it nonchalantly, like he was describing the weather outside but she felt like it had been a punch in her stomach. Jealousy burst into her chest and she felt her heart rate pick up a bit as her mind moved a million miles a minute. 

"You were married?" she asked, trying her best to sound aloof, like him. 

He nodded, not looking at her. "Mm, a while ago. For five years."

Aymie swallowed the lump in her throat and then cleared it, sitting back in her chair. "What happened?"

She watched his jaw set into a hard line, and his expression grow cold and distant. "She left me."

Those words rang out with pain and her jealousy turned to pity and sympathy. "...Tell me about her." 

Mr. Davis sighed, turning around and leaning against the counter again, crossing his arms over his bare chest. There was a wall up behind his eyes, his defenses drawn. Had she crossed a line?

"I met her in my twenties and was smitten with her from the beginning. She was damned gorgeous, and had an intellect to match. She stimulated me in every way." He peeked at her once, then looked away again. "We got married when I was thirty. Deeply in love, completely taken with one another, the whole thing. Moved here, bought a house, started our life together. We were happy. For five beautiful, amazing years...we were happy."

His words were laced with bitterness and regret, and Aymie stomach twisted at the sound of his tone. She listened intently, not wanting to push him too far. Clearly, this still hurt him to speak about.

"Then out the blue...she told me she was leaving me," he continued, after a long pause. "That she had someone back home, before we had moved, and she'd been keeping in touch with him. That she loved him and didn't want to be so far away from him anymore." 

"Oh wow." Aymie couldn't conceal her disgust. 

He laughed once. "Yeah. Wow." He turned back to the food. "I haven't heard from her in twelve years. She's a thing of the past now. We are a thing of the past now."

Aymie rose to her feet and stepped up behind him, wrapping her arms around him and resting her hands on his chest. His skin was warm to the touch and she felt him sag back into her as she rested her cheek against his back. 

"I'm sorry, Mr. Davis. I'm sorry that that happened."

He took in a few long, measured breaths before she felt his hand close around one of hers. He didn't say anything, just stood there with her arms around him. Aymie wondered if he'd ever shared this with anyone before. Mr. Davis was a private man - for all the time she'd known of him, he'd been a bachelor. Everyone thought so. For him to reveal this part of his life was a complete surprise to her and it had taken her off guard. His heart was still broken, that much was obvious, but he had moved on and had built a life and a business despite the wounds left by that woman. A renewed fondness and admiration swelled in Aymie's chest and she hugged him tighter, her hands running up and down his chest. 

They stayed like that for another few minutes, silent and still, sharing one another's space before he released her, instructed her to go get dressed and cleaned up, and she'd done so. They'd shared a lovely meal together, spending the next several hours chatting and learning one another outside of the bedroom, just as they had in it. They discussed their childhoods, favorite bands and music, preferred seasons, places he'd traveled and places she wanted to travel to. He flirted, teased her and made her blush and she softened him and made him smile. Conversation flowed easily and they drifted along as the afternoon passed into evening, the sky dimming outside, and a chill settled on the house. Aymie helped to clean and do the dishes, scrubbing the plates and putting things away, taking several long breaks to wrap herself around Mr. Davis, who pinned her up against the counter and drank kisses from her lips with no regard for time spent. They melted into one another so perfectly, and when the time came for Aymie to head home, her entire being protested. 

She stood at the door, sandals on her feet and Mr. Davis's arms around her, holding her against his form with his forehead pressed to hers, stretching out the moments as long as they could. She wanted nothing more than to stay. The thought of being without him, of returning to her mother's needs and the coldness of her empty bed made her heart ache. She knew she couldn't stay...but every piece of her yearned to. 

Mr. Davis kissed her once. "I wish it wasn't like this." He breathed her in, squeezing at her hips. "That we didn't have to hide. And I wish you could stay."

Aymie smiled softly, running her finger tips up and down his chest. "I do too." She kissed the side of his jaw and nestled into his neck. 

"Will you come and look after Max tomorrow? I have to go into the office for a few hours." 

She grinned, and laughed once. "That is why I'm here, right?"

His laugh resonated in his chest, and she felt the vibrations of it against her cheek. "Yeah, I suppose it is. I'll be sure to give you raving reviews if your mother asks."

She slapped him on the chest once and he laughed again before pushing her back against the door and kissing her deeply, sensually, his tongue probing past her lips to tangle with hers with his hands in her hair and his body pressed tightly against her. She matched him, clutching handfuls of his shirt and taking in everything he offered her. When he pulled back, he framed the side of her face with his palm and looked into her eyes. 

"I'll see you tomorrow, then."

She nodded. "See you tomorrow."

He reached past her and opened up the front door a crack, pressing a final kiss to her lips before he stepped back and gave her a wide berth, holding the door open for her to leave. Aymie looked at him for another long moment, aching to stay, and then turned and stepped out of the front door, down the stairs, across the grass patch and back into her own house, where her mother greeted her from the living room once she stepped inside. Aymie kicked off her sandals and forced a smile, ensuring she looked as normal as possible, though she felt completely the opposite. Every step she took from his house to here left her feeling empty. Hollow.

"How was it?" Rosaline asked her, thumbing through a book from her recliner. 

Aymie smiled weakly. "Really good. Max is doing really well. He slept most of the afternoon...but it was nice nonetheless." She lied straight through her teeth and it surprised her how easy it was. 

Rosaline nodded. "You're home later than I expected."

Aymie stepped into the kitchen fully, leaning on the banister that separated the kitchen and the living room. "Yeah, Mr. Davis wanted me to stay for dinner. He made a really good vegetable soup."

Rosaline nodded, not looking up from her book. "That's great, honey. Going back over tomorrow?"

"Mmhm, he has to go in to the office again so I'll be there for the afternoon." Her mother nodded again, seeming completely enraptured by her book and Aymie stepped through the kitchen. "I'm pretty tired, ma, I think I'm going to hang out in my room for a while and then go to bed."

"Okay, honey, sleep well."

Aymie stepped through the painting room and headed towards her bedroom, shutting the door tight behind her. She stripped out of her clothes and threw herself under the covers of her bed, feeling the cold chill of the sheets against her bare skin. She sighed and buried her head under her pillow, closing her eyes and getting lost in her head, giving in to the memories of Mr. Davis's hands on her body, his kiss, his touch, and let the images replay over and over in her mind. They were much more pleasing than the growing feeling of emptiness in her chest. It was as though she had been torn down the middle; half of her was here, and half of her had stayed with him. She tried to focus on the positives of her incredible day, getting lost in the thoughts of Mr. Davis until sleep claimed her.

-----

What was this girl doing to him? 

Jackson watched her leave across the lawn and his chest developed a sharp ache once she disappeared into her front door. Once he shut the front door and stepped back into the kitchen, he felt the coldness of the house settle into him. It felt wrong. Without her here...it didn't feel whole. How did she hold that much power over him after only a few days? It baffled him. 

"Come on, Maxy, let's get you ready for bed."

The golden's head barely lifted up off of his bed, heavy from the influence of his pain pills, and Jack helped him up and carried him outside to do his business, then carried him back inside and up the stairs to the bed he had in Jack's room, setting him gingerly in it. Max curled up and drifted off within a few minutes and Jackson heaved a long sigh, undressing and heading into the bathroom to shower off before bed. He turned the water on, hot and inviting, and stepped into the stream after it had time to heat up. He welcomed the warmth against his flesh, feeling chilled now that Aymie was gone. 

As he washed himself, his thoughts were consumed with her. Her body, her smile, her laugh, her intellect...there wasn't a part he didn't enjoy. Their hours of fucking, though they took their toll on his aching body, were delicious and entirely perfect. Her orgasms were so intense, felt throughout her whole body. The way she shook and spasmed in his arms aroused him in a way he didn't think possible, to know he had that deep of an effect on her. Even now, as the warm water and soap cascaded down his body, he felt himself stir. His cock twitched at the thought of her cries, the way she moaned, the taste of her tongue and the smell of their sex. He willed himself to calm - he was already sore enough as it was. 

But Aymie's beauty went deeper than the physical. There was an old soul in her bones, a complex capability in her mind, and a curiosity in her spirit that spurred him to want to know her more and more, to learn everything that he could. He was drawn to her in a way he couldn't explain. When she left, he felt as though a piece of him were leaving with her. Like she was taking it from him. Every bone in his body craved to have her close. 

Was he falling for her? Christ, the thought of that made him roll his eyes. He'd only known the girl for a few days, there was no way he could be. What was he, a teenager? Love was much more convoluted than that and if his track record had anything to say about it, he didn't know jack shit about love. Not really. 

He shook his head. Why did he bring up Olivia? He hadn't thought about her in years, let alone spoken about her with anyone. That part of his life was dead and buried, and he was at peace with it. Did it still hurt? Hell yes, but he wasn't about to start pining over a woman who'd kicked him to the curb for some jock back home. Aymie's curiosity was admirable, but he wished she hadn't asked. The less that she knew about his past, the better. It made things easier to move towards a better, brighter future. 

That brought a thought to Jack's mind that he didn't particularly like. He recalled how it felt, when Olivia left him. When she told him about the other man, how she'd been sleeping with him whenever she and Jack were engaged, before they'd even moved. He remembered the pain of it, the betrayal of trust, how it felt as though his existence were crumbling down around him. ...Is that how it would feel for Aymie's boyfriend if he ever found out? For the first time since Jack had entertained thoughts of a tryst with Aymie, he felt guilt heavy in his chest. He didn't wish that kind of pain on anyone, even less on a boy so young. Sure, he was a dick...self absorbed, narcissistic, and entirely too controlling of Aymie but he was still worthy of common decency. 

Was this wrong? What he felt for Aymie, what they did? Jackson hadn't really taken all that much time to truly consider it. Her body, her spirit had consumed him beyond reasoning and he hadn't thought long on the ramifications of their actions. What would her mother say if she ever found out? Nevermind what she'd think of Jack, but what would she think of her daughter? Would she belittle her? Cause her shame? And what about what Derek would say? Would he spread rumors about her, that she was some kind of whore, sleeping around with the neighbors? Jack had no desire to cause Aymie that kind of pain. Any pain, for that matter. ...Perhaps there was more to consider than he originally thought.

Jack shut off the shower stream and squeezed the water from his hair, stepped out into the steamy bathroom and dried himself off. He strode back into the bedroom and crawled into the bed, greeted by the smell of Aymie's perfume and the scent of their sex, wrapping around him in a heady aroma that stirred him right down to his groin. She had a heavy influence on him, and was so powerfully attractive in every single way. He couldn't wait to explore more with her and take her deeper into the submission that she so desperately needed. That they both needed. But they needed to talk. To sit down and really talk about their desires, where this was going...if it was going anywhere at all, or if it was just a fun distraction for the two of them. Deep down, he knew it was more. He felt the girl in his soul when she was close, and he had a sneaking suspicion that she felt it too. But this was much deeper than the both of them realized, he thought to himself, and they had to be sure that the potential consequences were worth it. 

Jack looked at his clock. It was only 8:30, but he was exhausted. Aymie had coaxed two orgasms from him and that was damned near unheard of at his age. He didn't know he was still capable of two in a day...maybe three, if he had the time. He grinned and chuckled to himself. His hips were sore and he was sure they'd bruise tomorrow after the pounding he'd given her. He wanted to be inside her every second, now that he'd felt it. She felt like fucking paradise inside and out, and thoughts of her delicious body dominated his thoughts until the exhaustion in his muscles got the best of him and he slowly drifted off to a needed, restful sleep.