 The next morning, the phone rang as I was getting out of the shower.

"Good morning," she said in a sexy voice. "Sleep well?"

"Like a baby," I answered. "You?"

"I don't think I have ever slept so hard in my life. I didn't even move."

"That's what a great orgasm will do for you," I said. "Hey, I haven't eaten yet, would you be interested in going out for breakfast?"

"That sounds good, if you promise to eat me later."

"You are becoming insatiable, Tracy."

"It's all your fault, John. You make me feel incredible"

"Alright, alright, it's all my fault. But you really inspire me. You are so sexy, you have such a gorgeous body, and you are so enthusiastic. Plus, I think you are a really interesting person. I enjoy being around you."

"You're making me blush, John."

"I'll be making you do more than that later."

"Promises, promises. When will you pick me up?"

"Give me a half hour to get ready. I'll see you then."

I rang her doorbell. When she opened the door, she took my breath away. She had on a summer dress and her hair in a ponytail. I thought how beautiful she was and how fortunate I was to be able to have her company. I told her my thoughts. She thanked me and gave me hug and a kiss.

We went to a small restaurant uptown and had a light breakfast. For two hours, we talked and laughed. We shared what our lives had been like and told stories about our children. The conversation then turned to the present and future.

"Tracy, do you feel OK where we are together? I mean, sex with you is fantastic, but there is more to life than that. I really enjoy your company. I'd like to spend more time with you."

"I know, John. And I'm enjoying being with you too. Let's just see where our relationship goes from here."

"I'd like that, Tracy."

She leaned toward me and whispered, "Now, if you are done talking, let's go fuck."

I laughed and whispered back, "You really are a naughty girl, aren't you?.

"Yes, and I'm ready to show you just how naughty."

She stood up, took my hand and said, "Let's go, your house this time."

We barely got inside the door when we were in each other's arms. While keeping our lips locked in a kiss, she walked us to the bedroom. We fell on the bed. I held her face and ran my tongue over her lips. She opened them slightly and I slipped my tongue inside. I ran it over her tongue and around the inside of her mouth.

"Give me your tongue," I said.

She slipped in her tongue in my mouth and began exploring. I put my lips around her tongue and began to suck on it gently. She started pushing her tongue back and forth in rhythm to my sucking. She pressed her body against mine. I could feel her rigid nipples against my chest. Her pussy ground against my cock.

She broke the kiss and said, "Let me suck yours."

As she sucked my tongue, she pressed her body even more firmly against mine. We could both feel my cock growing.

"Let's get out of these clothes," I said.

I helped her off the bed and pulled the sundress up and over her shoulders. I knelt and tugged on her panties. I put my lips on her uncovered mound. Her hands went to my head, pressing me against her wet pussy. I licked her slit, she gasped and pulled my mouth tighter against her. She moaned when I pulled away. I stood up, brought her close to me, and unhooked her bra. I leaned down and began to lick and suck her nipples, twisting the one not in my mouth. I could feel her body tensing up and heard her groan softly.

I stepped back. She looked at me with frustration and said, "Why did you stop?"

"I just wanted to look at you, Tracy. And I want to thank you for letting me make love with you."

"No, thank you, John, for showing me what sex, I mean fucking, can be like."

She lay down on the bed and said, "Will you please hurry up. Take your clothes off and get down here."

I removed my clothes and sat on the edge of the bed. Leaning over her, I stroked her face and kissed her lips softly. Kissing down her neck I moved my hands to her tits. Rolling her nipples between my fingers brought them erect. I brought my lips to a nipple and gave it a sharp nip with my teeth.

"Oh," she gasped. "I like that. Do it to the other one."

Encouraged by her reaction, I licked my way to her other nipple and gave it a nip as well. I went from nipple to nipple to nipple, licking, sucking, and teasing with my teeth.

"Roll toward me so I can suck your nipples too," she ordered.

I twisted my body so that we were able to reach each other's nipples.

She paused long enough to say, "I like sucking our nipples at the same time."

I started working my fingers toward her pussy. She grabbed my cock and began stroking it. With her other hand, she played with my balls. I moved my body so that my mouth could reach her mound and covered it with kisses. At the same time, she took my cock in her mouth and began to suck it in and out.

"Tracy, roll over on top of me and get up on your knees."

When she had positioned herself, I pulled her pussy toward my lips and opened it with my fingers. I licked her slit and she gave a moan of pleasure. She took my cock in her mouth and sucked it to the back of her throat. I found her clitoris, flicked it with my tongue, and sucked it my mouth. She twitched and sucked my cock in and out faster and faster. As I sucked on her clit. she pressed her pussy against my face. I loved her aroma and the taste of her. I could feel myself nearing orgasm. Her body was tensing up at the same time.

I lifted her pussy off my face just enough to shout, "Come with me, Tracy, come with me. Suck my cock deep."

"Fuck my clit with your mouth, John, suck it hard."

We sucked each other to orgasm. My come filled her mouth while I drank in her flowing juices. Neither one of us would stop our sucking. She came several more times, and, though I did not, her mouth felt incredible on my cock.

Finally she rolled onto her back and put her arm over her eyes.

"John," she said, "every time I think nothing can feel any better than the last time, you show me something new that just knocks me off my feet."

"I've never in my life felt myself come the way I do with you either, Tracy."

We lay together for awhile, our energy spent. I rolled to my side and took her in my arms, putting a gentle kiss on her lips.

I said, "I hate to go back to work tomorrow, Tracy."

"I know, John. But I could probably use a few days of rest from how my body tingles all over when we fuck."

"How would you feel about going out to dinner Friday evening? And maybe do something afterward."

"I'd love that, John,"

"Great, I'll pick you up at 7:00."

She got up and put her clothes back on. She turned to say goodbye and I noticed a smile of contentment on her face.

"You are the most appealing and sexy women I have ever known, Tracy. I love making love with you. Besides making me feel fantastic when I come, you make it so much fun."

"Thank you," she said warmly. "I love the way you make me feel too. By the way, can I take that little vibrator home? I really liked it when you used it on my bottom."

I got up, took the vibrator out of my dresser door, and handed it to her.

"Have fun," I said with a smile.

We went to the door, kissed and held each other for a moment, then said goodbye.

As I watched her walk down the street, I felt an unexpected ache in my stomach.