 Tracy had just left. Watching her walk down the street, I decided to keep a journal of our experiences. What follows are entries from my journal.

As Tracy put her shorts and top back on, I was struck again by how sexy she is and what a great body she has. We stood at the door, and I asked, "Would you like to get together again?"

"The sooner the better," she responded.

"Tracy, I have next Wednesday off, how about dropping by around 10:00 or so?"

"No, I think I would like you to come to my house this time."

"That's fine with me, I'll see you then."

For the next 3 days, all I could think about was seeing her again and awakening her body to the pleasures she had never experienced before.

When Wednesday morning arrived, I was filled with anticipation. Before I left for her house, I found two vibrators that my wife and I had enjoyed. I intended to bring her to even greater heights of fulfillment.

At 10:00, I rang her doorbell. She appeared at the door dressed in running shorts and a running bra.

"Good morning, gorgeous!" I exclaimed. "You look wonderful"

"Thank you, John. Come in and have a seat. I'm almost ready."

I sat, and after a few minutes, she came to me, took my hand, and led me to her bedroom. She had drawn the shades and turned back the covers. 

"John," she asked, "would you like to undress me this time?"

I walked to her and removed her bra. Grazing my hand across a nipple, I said, "You are so sexy, so beautiful." I took her into my arms and we shared a long and passionate kiss. I gently laid her down on the bed. The pillows and bedsheets smelled as if they had been freshly washed.

We kissed, touched, and held each other. I could feel her body beginning to respond.

"Tracy, today I have a different way to stimulate you and give you an orgasm. Have you ever used a vibrator?"

"No," she said. "I've heard about them, but my husband never wanted to get one. He said he didn't want anything to take his place."

"Well, after today, you'll know what you've been missing," I promised her. "Just lay back and enjoy."

She turned to her back. I leaned up and pulled down her shorts. As I uncovered her mound, I let my fingers linger there. I touched her opening and could feel that she was already becoming wet. She groaned a complaint as I left her mound to remove her shorts the rest of the way.

"Tracy," I said, "I want to show you the vibrators I'm going to use to stimulate you."

I showed her the larger of the two. It was thick, about 8" long, with a ribbed shaft. "This vibrator can be used on the outside to stimulate your outer lips and clitoris. It also can be used inside of you. It'll give you a feeling of being filled up and the vibrations will spread from inside out" I explained.

I next showed her the G-Spot vibrator. I asked her if she had ever heard of the G-Spot. She said no, so I explained where it is, what it does, and how the vibrator stimulates it.

"Are you done talking yet?" she asked. "I just want to get started."

She pulled my head to one breast. I took the nipple in my mouth. As I moved my lips back and forth, it instantly became erect. She pulled my head against her breast and I gave her nipple a strong suck. She moaned and moved my head to her other nipple. This one, I flicked with my tongue. Again, she pressed my mouth to her breast and her moans became groans.

"Oh, John, this feels so good. Don't stop, just go back and forth between my nipples"

I was happy to do just as she asked.

While I was continuing to pleasure her nipples, she took my hand and moved it to her mound. She took one of my fingers and placed it on her slit. Her body began to squirm.

"Finger me there, John," she pleaded.

I parted her outer lips and rubbed my finger top to bottom, avoiding her clitoris. I could feel her wetness. I removed my finger without touching her clitoris and removed my mouth from her nipple.

"Why did you stop, John?"

"It's time for the vibrator. Get comfortable"

I took the larger of the vibrators and, reaching between her legs, covered my fingers with her juices, and spread it on the vibrator. I turned it on to slow speed and caressed her inner thighs with it. With each caress, I brought it closer to her slit.

"It feels different," Tracy said softly.

I touched her opening with the tip of the vibrator. She jerked. I moved it up and down, slowly parting her lips with the tip. She brought her knees up and opened her legs wider. I gently pushed it against her opening and increased the vibration.

Her body squirmed, she arched her back, and said, "Push it all the way inside, John ... I want to feel it inside me. Oh ... yes ... it feels like I have a big penis inside me."

I moved the vibrator in and out of her opening.

She said, "It feels so good ... don't stop ... faster please ... deeper ... yes that's it ... don't stop."

But I did.

Her body collapsed in disappointment and she gave me frustrated stare.

"Why did you stop?"

"I want to use it to stimulate your clitoris, and I didn't want you to come first," I explained. "Just lay back and close your eyes. When your orgasm comes, just let it flow over you and through you. I'll keep the vibrator on your clit so that you can come as many times as you want."

"You mean I can have more than one orgasm?"

"Yes, Tracy, Just let me know when you want me to stop."

I leaned down and kissed her eyelids then her lips. Kissing me back, she looked into my eyes and said, "Thank you for doing this for me."

"Like I said before, Tracy, I get pleasure myself doing what pleasures you."

I turned the vibrator on and again placed it between her legs. She spread them even wider. I caressed her slit until the lips opened. This time, instead of pushing the vibrator into her, I moved it closer to her clit. When the vibrator touched it, her whole body jerked like a jolt of electricity went through her. I moved the tip around her clit. Her hips began to rotate and I slowly increased the speed of the vibrator. She began to moan again. Suddenly, she grabbed my hand and pushed the vibrator flat against her clit. I could sense her orgasm building so I turned the vibration higher. Her body shuddered, and with a cry, she came. She pressed my hand and the vibrator harder against her clit. Her body was wracked with another orgasm. And another. 

Finally, she shuddered and went limp, breathing heavily.

"Enough, John. Just let me rest for awhile and get myself back together."

I lay down beside her and held her. I stroked her hair, her face, her lips, and, after a few minutes, she dozed. I smiled to myself at her look of satisfaction and contentment.

Later, she opened her eyes and said, "I can't believe the way you make my body feel, John. I've never felt such intense sensations before. Thank you for making me feel what sex can be like."

"You're welcome," I responded.

"You are so patient and you've concentrated so much on my satisfaction. Now, what can I do for you?"

"We'll leave that for next time, if you want a next time," I said.

"What do you think," she exclaimed. "How about next Saturday?"

"How about 1:00 at my house?" I asked. "Oh, by the way, Tracy, I'm going to leave the vibrator. You can use it to make yourself come."

"I am so exhausted, I don't know if I can have another orgasm before then."

"You'll be surprised! Let me know how often you use it between now and Saturday."

"OK, and I'll be there around 1:00," she said.

I tenderly kissed her and gave her a hug. I got up to leave and glanced back at her. She smiled and mouthed the words, "Thank you again."