 Dear Readers:

Thank you for your positive feedback and constructive criticism. I hope you enjoy the rest of Tracy and John's story.

From my journal:

The doorbell rang exactly at 1:00. I opened the door, and there she stood. As usual, she looked fantastic. Since it was still warm and humid, she was wearing blue running shorts and a white running bra. In a bag was the vibrator I had left with her. I invited her in and led her to the kitchen for a glass of iced tea.

We sat down and I asked, "So how have you been the last several days, Tracy?"

"I'm so glad you left me that vibrator, John. I've been using it practically every morning, afternoon, and night. I still can't believe how I feel when I come. And not just once, but I can keep having orgasms until I have to stop from exhaustion. I can't get enough of it."

"I had a feeling you'd be using it a lot," I said with a smile.

"I had to go buy some lubricating jelly, I used it so much. Anyway, what can I do for you today? After all, it's your turn."

I asked her what she usually did with her husband. She told me that he was only interested in putting it inside of her except when she was having her period. Then he would make her take himself in her mouth. He would hold her head and pump himself in and out of her mouth until he was ready to come. Sometimes he would come on her face, other times he wanted to come in her mouth and make her swallow it. If he couldn't come that way, she had to massage his balls and stroke him until he came.

She asked, "What did your wife usually do to satisfy you?"

"Tracy, it would take way too long to sit here and tell you everything I would love to have you do for me. Why don't we just start and feel our way through it. I'll tell you what feels good to me and then you can try it."

She stood up, took my hand, and we walked toward the bedroom. She stopped, held me, and gave me a long and gentle kiss. Then, she started grinding her hips against me and I began to harden.

She said, "I know one thing you like already."

She pulled off my T-shirt and pushed me down on the bed. She sat beside me and caressed my face while giving me more passionate kisses. She moved her hand down to my crotch and began to rub my still hardening penis through my shorts. Smiling at the reaction she was getting from me, she pulled them down and off.

"Start at my neck and work your way down," I told her.

She kissed me full on the lips then moved to my neck. Her hands caressed my chest. I flinched as her fingers touched my nipple.

She asked, "Are you sensitive there, too?"

"Yes, definitely," I responded.

She moved her lips to my nipple, and gently sucked it in.

She pulled off and said, "Yours stand up just like mine."

She moved to the other nipple and spent several minutes going back and forth, licking and sucking them. I began to squirm as she continued her licking and sucking. Her hand caressed my stomach. I moved her hand lower.  She touched my penis, which was fully erect by now. I twitched and moaned and told her to keep sucking my nipples and touching my balls. She did as I asked. Feeling her tickling, I raised my legs. Her fingers brushed my anus and I jerked involuntarily.

"Oh, I'm so sorry. It was an accident. I didn't mean to touch you there," she cried out.

"Why are you sorry, Tracy? That was fine with me. It felt good."

"My husband would never let me touch him there. He wouldn't touch me there either. He thought it was dirty," she explained.

"Tracy, let me tell you, you can touch me there anytime you want. My anus is really sensitive and, if you stimulate it, it will cause quite a response."

She asked "Will you touch me there sometime."

"Would you like to see what it feels like now?"

"Yes. But no, today is for you."

I told her I wanted to get something. I got up, went to the dresser, and took out the small vibrator and the lubricant my wife and I had used for anal play. Returning to the bed, I put it in her hand.

I said, "If you feel comfortable, would you rub some of this jelly on my anus and the vibrator and use it on me?"

"What do I do with it?"

"Just stimulate me around my anus with the vibrator. When you think my anus is relaxed, gently push the vibrator against it."

"Should I try to push it in?

"Yes, but wait until you think I've loosened up. I'll tell you if you are going to fast."

I lay on my back with my legs raised. She looked at me as she squeezed the tube and put some on the vibrator. Smiling, she squeezed out some more and put her finger on my anus, spreading the jelly around.

Her jellied finger moved to my opening and she began making a circular motion with her finger. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensations. She turned the vibrator on and started pushing against my hole. With her other hand, she held my penis.

"Oh, Tracy, that feels so good ... yes ... keep moving it around ... that's it ... oh, you have no idea how good this feels ...push it in now ... that's it ... slower ... now harder ... harder ... please ... yes ... now in and out ... Oh yes ... No! That's enough! I don't want to come yet."

Startled, she brought the vibrator out and asked, "Are you alright?"

Almost breathless, I replied, "Oh yes, I'm really fine. It's been so long since I've had my anus played with."

"I'm just glad I could give you some pleasure for a change. What can I do for you now?"

"It was feeling really good when you were playing with my penis. You can do that to me anytime you want."

She leaned over me, gave me a hug and a kiss, and started on my nipples again. She wrapped her hand around my penis and stroked it up and down.

When I could feel the pressure building, I asked her, "Would you please take me in your mouth?"

"I want to," she smiled.

She wrapped her lips around my penis and drew it into her mouth. She sucked in and then pulled almost off. She ran her tongue up and down my shaft while she pulled me in out of her mouth. Her fingers started caressing my balls. I could feel myself nearing the point of no return. As she sucked my penis, I began pumping in and out in rhythm with her mouth. She reached for my nipples and began twisting and squeezing them. When my body arched and she could tell I was about to come, she slid a finger into my anus. That put me over the top. She took me deep and sucked even stronger as my come spurted into her mouth. She kept her mouth around my penis and sucked and swallowed until I was dry. As I began to shrink, she pulled off and asked, "How was that?"

I could barely muster the energy to answer, "Fantastic."

She lay beside me and held me to her.

"John," she said after a few minutes, "You are making me love sex."

"Uh huh," was all I could say.

"And I really loved making you feel so good. But all that licking and kissing and sucking I did makes me want some too. Will you do something for me?"

"As soon as I can move again," I said.

"I think I'd like to feel what it's like to have my bottom touched with the vibrator and your fingers."

"Tracy, there is nothing I would rather do right now. Just let me get my energy back first."

"Just don't take too long."

"Do you know what? You are becoming really demanding," I said with a smile.

I took her hand in mine, and we lay together quietly. After a while, I helped her pull off her bra and shorts and told her to roll over on her stomach. Straddling her back, leaned and kissed her neck and massaged her shoulders. Then, I trailed kisses down her back until I reached her cheeks. I spread her legs apart and touched up and down the inside of her thighs. She sighed. My fingers caressed between her cheeks. Feeling her body respond, I circled her anus with a finger.

She twitched, pushed her anus against my finger, and moaned, "Oh, John that really feels so good."

I stopped long enough to put some jelly on my finger then continued teasing her anus. I said, "Now relax, Tracy, and enjoy the sensations." When I felt her opening relax and spread, I gently pushed my finger just inside. Her body jerked. I said, "Tell me if I need to stop."

"Don't stop now, I love this feeling."

I began slowly moving my finger in and out of her opening.

With each stroke, she pushed her body back toward my finger. Slowly, I eased my finger deeper inside.

"John," she moaned, "please use the vibrator on me now."

I reached for the little vibrator, held it near her hand and said, "Please turn it on for me, Tracy."

Without removing my finger from her anus, I helped her turn onto her back. I told her to raise her knees, spread her legs wide, and put her feet flat on the bed. I slid two pillows under her hips.

"Play with your nipples while I use the vibrator." I began moving my finger in and out of her anus again. With each stroke, I pulled my finger back a little farther until it was completely out. I immediately put the vibrator against her opening, circling it, and pushing slightly.

Pushing her anus toward the vibrator, she said, "Put it inside now, I want to feel it inside of me."

I began slow in and out motions with the vibrator, sliding it deeper with each stroke. She breathed faster, her body responding to the stimulation. She continued twisting and pulling on her nipples. I kept thrusting in and out of her opening with the vibrator. When I felt her at the edge of orgasm, I rapidly fingered her clitoris.

"Oh ... Oh ... don't stop ...Oh ... please ... faster ... harder ... Oh ... I'm coming," she shouted.

Her body arched and shuddered. As she came, her fluids flooded my hand and the bed sheets. I didn't stop stroking her clitoris or thrusting the vibrator in and out of her anus. She continued having orgasms.

Finally, she groaned, "Enough John, I can't take anything more."

I slowly brought the vibrator out, lay beside her, took her into my arms and whispered, "Do you know how good it makes me feel making you come like that?"

"It can't feel any better than how you just made me feel," she said with a sigh.

We lay together while she was recovering.

"Tracy," I said, "I'm going to visit my daughter and son for a couple of weeks. I'll be leaving the day after tomorrow."

"If I were selfish, I'd tell you to cancel your visit," she said. "Call me while you're gone?"

"Yes, I'll need to hear your voice. I'm going to be missing you."

"I'll miss you too, John. Will you let me take the vibrators home?"

"I think I've created a monster here," I joked.

"You mean a sex monster," she said with a weak smile.

Eventually, she got up and dressed.

At the door she said, "Enjoy your visit with your kids. And don't forget to call"

We said goodbye with a tender kiss and a promise to get together when I got back. As I watched her walk home, the vibrators in a sack and a satisfied smile on her face, I thought what a fortunate man I am.