 It was very late. Our dinner guests had left an hour ago and my wife had gone off to bed. She was definitely feeling under the weather and was well past being able to stay awake. I had finished cleaning up and was not feeling that tired, so I decided to have a browse of the Internet. 

Without any forethought, I stumbled onto a free access lesbian site. The pictures were more than pleasing to the eye, down right sensationally erotic to say the least. I have always admired the way a woman could make love to another woman, at least from what I had read and viewed. The site also contained numerous stories so I opened one and it just so happened that it was a story about light bondage and toys which gave me some wonderful ideas for the lovely Michelle next door. The following Monday I went shopping for some interesting items to assist with my research reading over the weekend. Feeling extremely pleased and very anxious to try my purchases, I phoned her and told her I would be around in a few minutes. She excitedly purred her acceptance and said she would put the kettle on awaiting my arrival.

As soon as I entered her hallway and had closed the door, I ran my fingers into her sandy blonde hair and assertively pulled her into my arms. Our tongues meet instantly and excitedly started doing battle as we pressed hard against each other, hands feverishly groping. We were like two teenagers, eagerly trying to satisfy our passion for each other. Her hand crossed the front of my jeans, squeezing the tubular length of my now hard cock. I thrust my crotch back against her hand as I flattened the swell of her chest under my palms. I could feel the ridged nubs of her nipples under the softness of her whits sleeveless T-shirt. I pinched them, rolling them firmly and pulling on them. She groaned loudly into my throat, our mouths still joined. Saliva dripped from the corners of our mouths such was the passion and fierceness of our kiss.

We finally broke for air but I did not relinquish my grasp on her breasts. She looked down at my hands, watching as I crushed her tits against her rib cage. Michelle slowly lifted her gaze, her soft hazel eyes having a lustful glaze in them. Without saying a word, I lead her upstairs to the bedroom. 

"Get undressed!" I ordered as we entered her bright creamy coloured boudoir. While she obediently disrobed I went into the ensuite and returned with a large tube of sorbelene to use as a lube and placed it on the headboard. 

"I have a surprise in store for you Michelle but you'll have to trust me completely."

A twinge of excitement must have run through her as I noticed her shiver slightly at my choice of words. "Of course I trust you, Ray, why shouldn't I?" but the mysterious tone in my voice told her she was in for something a little different. 

"Lie on your back in the middle of the bed." I snapped keeping my back to her while I emptied the contents of the plastic bag I had with me onto the floor beside the bed. I placed a pillow underneath her which raised her hips and pushed her sparsely covered pussy forward, and there she eagerly awaited my touch. "We'll start slow at first, I need to warm you up and relax those muscles for the main event."

Michelle was extremely perplexed yet obedient. I poured a generous amount of lube directly onto her already soaked pussy and began rubbing it all over, even down the inside of her creamy thighs. "I'm already pretty wet Ray, you've got me pretty horny with your talk."

"You'll need it, believe me. This is about limits, and you're going beyond what you thought yours were," I retorted in a slow, deliberate voice, trying to sound confident and dominant with a strong hint of mystery.

My hands began a deliberate massage of the muscles surrounding her vagina, the feeling must have been welcomed because she began rocking her hips slowly. I could tell she was dwelling on my words by the somewhat bemused look she was giving me. Yet I could also tell she was as much curious as she was excited, with the addition of some suspense and maybe a bit of fear.

Without warning I quickly entered her with two fingers of both hands, gliding easily into her soaking over-wet quim. I curved my fingers and raked them across her inner muscles, forcing them to submit and open. I could feel them give way to the steady opening pressure, and her clitoris was noticeably beginning to throb and pulse as it swelled. The right hand fingers I twisted around and up beneath her pubic bone, rubbing forcefully as another finger entered. Her G-spot started to swell, revealing its location as my fingers homed in on their target.

I pulled one hand away and rubbed the heel of its palm into her mound, rubbing the hood over her clit while my other hand dug deeper to surround her g-spot with warm sensations. 

"Oh shit that feels sooo good, but I also feel like I need to pee," she exclaimed suddenly. I assured her with a stern voice that the sensation was only temporary and it would pass very soon.

I continued with my ministrations, using four fingers deep inside her now quivering pussy, relentlessly stroking her g-spot in tight, hard circles while my other hand rubbed her mound feverishly. Michelle's clit was now stone hard beneath the force of my palm, her hips rocking in a twisting, thrusting motion, begging more from my touch, trying to enclose my hand in the hot folds of her womanhood.

Suddenly she rose and groaned aloud that she was about to cum. "Ngghhhhh, god yes. Getting close. One of those quick, short fast ones I get from such intense stimulation," she hissed.

Her pussy clenched in quick short bursts as the waves of her orgasm crashed on her body. I noticed that with each spasm her pussy muscles relaxed so I continued pressing my whole hand deeper into her. Her pussy admitted me freely, since I timed my thrusts so well, but it was almost an involuntary act. Michelle did not have the will to stop me nor even encourage. She was just there, experiencing it and giving herself to me.

Her orgasm subsided as quickly as it had arrived, but I continue rubbing hard against her clit and g-spot. The sensation was overpowering. ."Ohh, Ohhh, slow down, gently….. …gently, please, let me catch my breath. After I cum my clit gets hypersensitive, and continued stimulation is too much for me, it almost hurts." She was panting. 

But I did not stop. "Trust me!" I said, with a wicked grin.

Her hips started bucking wildly, trying to release her clit from its over sensitised state. She seemed to be kind of giddy. Trying to get her mind's commands through to her vagina but her body was betraying her as it seemed as if it was hungrily begging for more, and each thrust of her hips served only to drive my whole hand deeper and harder on target. Her mind was swimming out of control, her head thrashing from side to side on the bed as she bit down on her lip. It appeared suddenly that the table had turned, and she quickly became aware that what pain there had been was now mixed deliciously with pleasure in such a way as to intensify it. This was a new door for her. For Michelle, her mind had accepted it just like her body already had long before.

"Well that should do for a warm up" I said in an off-hand tone as I slowly withdrew my fist from her clutching pussy. Quickly, I reached for the contents of the bag I brought and raised a set of fleece lined wrist and ankle cuffs, plus a length of rope. Her eyes riveted to the items as I proceeded to carefully attach them. 

"Trust me now, Michelle." 

After securing the cuffs to her ankles and wrists, I attach the ropes. "I have never played at light bondage before" she said with a slight tremor in her voice, so I could tell she was filled with a curious sense of excitement, fear and anticipation. I secured her wrists to the headboard, and pulled the ankle ropes through the headboard and back over from behind. As I pull on the ropes, they slowly lifted her legs up and over her vivacious head. Soon her legs were spread widely and pulled over her head, with her ankles forced down to bed level and held securely by the ropes at the same level as her ears. "It's a good thing you are pretty limber." I commented, seeing that her muscles were definitely straining.

Now her whole body was bent in half, with the effect that her soaking pussy was completely helpless and vulnerable to whatever I had in mind. I poured another healthy dose of sorbelene, and let it drip slowly down her pussy onto her arse. I raised my index finger and waved it front of her face then slowly worked it into her tight arse, gently rubbing her clit all the while. The mix of sensations from her clit and her arse soon encourage her my muscles to relax and after quite a few minutes I pressed two fingers deep between her cheeks.

Withdrawing my fingers from her vulnerable arse, I quickly disrobed. My penis was throbbing with the excitement of having such a beautiful playmate. The thick head a turgid purple colour eagerly waiting the opportunity to spear deep inside one (or both) of her liquid orifices. I stroked my length, standing directly beside her head so she could see exactly what I was doing. Michelle's eyes were riveted to my cock as I grabbed it and coated my veiny shaft with lube, up and down I slowly stroked myself until it was dripping. This only served to heighten her curiosity as to what I was planning to do. 

With a wicked smile I knelt on the bed right in front of her open pussy hole. I leant down and sucked her hard, my whole mouth enveloping her mound and sucking up the flooding wetness from her sticky pussy. I worked my tongue deep inside then flick the hard clit. Over and over I repeated my oral attacks while renewing my anal attacks, rimming her arse hard with my two fingers. 

She was worked into a frenzy now, her hips bucking wantonly, "I want you to do what ever you want. I can't wait for you to plunge that fat thing up my pussy," She cried like an animal driven mad with desire and lust, "Please, fuck me and soon!"

I smiled knowingly and placed the engorged head at the opening of her arse. With slow deliberate pressure I began entering her quivering hole. I pushed her cheeks aside with my thumbs so that there were no obstructions to drag against the shaft. Slowly my cock head entered her steaming body, just using the head and forcing directly against her arse hole, steadily pushing the clutching entrance open.

"Oh my god!" she screamed loudly. "Slowly Ray, please. I…… I don't know if I can take you…………"

She was so wet with lube and her own copious flow that there was little resistance as the head entered easily. I held still feeling her body quiver with excitement. Soon her muscles relax and submitted while I kept steady pressure on my rod, prying her virgin arse open. Suddenly the head popped fully inside, the hard ridge around the helmet now totally consumed by her hungry anal ring. She was completely helpless but tried to rock her hips, using her body to help me further within her body. The temperature must have climbed 10 degrees, because I was getting slippery with sweat. She groaned low and deep from within her throat, her head trashing from side to side indicating that she was very near another powerful orgasm.

I pushed my cock forward slowly not wanting to go in all the way too quickly, amazed at how her gaping straining arse swallowed every inch of my shaft. My free hand worked her exposed clit directly as I sank in further. She was ready to cum, so I stopped, wanting to prolong the build up. I slapped her rump to quickly divert Michelle's attention. The sudden shot of pain ran through her making her jump. 

"Stop." She pleaded and gasped at the same time. "Please….. wait a minute! Want to cum with you." she moaned.

"You've only taken about 4 inches Michelle, and I can tell your hungry arse wants it all!"

Her hips bucked again. "Ohhhhh, wow" she shouted, "Keep it right there, keep it right there and let me work it, let me open my bottom and wrap it around your delicious cock. So close, Ray. Got to work it through. Must cum with you… pleaseeeee."

I let her have her way and soon I was fully imbedded in her rear and starting to work my penis with short thrusts against her inner tight muscles. Each time I pulled out it felt as if steel springs were squeezing around the shaft and shooting it out of her and each time I entered her dark channel and her muscled walls reluctantly started to give way then closed in hard. She was riding high again, about to come like never before, and I was ready for her.

As I started to moan with the build up of my own climax, she picked up the pace with her hips. My short thrusts became deep hard ones, feeling as if I was going just a fraction deeper each time. My body had a mind of its own, as her helpless arse tried both to eject this massive intruder and to impale itself further along my thick shaft.

"I'm going to cum, oh my god I'm going to cum hard!!" I shout. Michelle mirrors my words, fighting against her bonds to work her quaking arse against my imbedded groin.

"That's it, cum Michelle!, cum all over us both, open that arse and wrap it around my cock!, swallow that cock deep inside your arse and cum!"

As the first wave of orgasm hit her I started plunging myself deep inside her anus, pumping her body as hard as I could. My hands clamped onto her thighs, leaving red marks but my own pleasure was driving me to fuck her with all the might I could muster. Her body was plunging against mine, it had no choice but to obey, and each spasm clutched tightly against my shaft. I was coming with a force I never imagined. My head began to swim as her body is wracked with stronger convulsions. I'm coming long and hard, fucking her very hard, slamming my crotch into her, each connection of our bodies met by a loud wet slapping sound and then exploding thick streams of sperm against her gripping insides. I felt there was no end in sight, and my mind was about to go. I felt Michelle stiffen as I sense another orgasm building up behind this one. My cock erupted again and again, the pent up release of my orgasm not leaving a centimetre of her inner being without a coating of my white goo.

Finally, our bodies can not handle any more, in particular Michelle. Her whole being is soaked with pleasure and sweat. I released her bonds, her every muscle drained of energy and we both collapsed in a puddle of quivering flesh. She gently ran her fingers through my hair, cradling my head and soothing my still gasping breathe.

"I knew you had something wicked in mind, but that was unbelievable!" she murmured softly. "I shall have to reverse the role at some stage you know?"

"I know you will."