 The phone call was a surprise. After some inconsequential small talk, the caller dropped his voice in asking, "Does the term 'watch-and-be-watched' ring any bells with your two?"

Mark paused before committing himself. Eventually, he said, "It might."

"We hoped it might."

"We?"

"Pam and I."

Mark waited for further elucidation.

"We're planning a little get-together for Saturday evening. You remember Gary and Audrey - they come to the Neighbourhood meetings occasionally?"

"Vaguely." In fact, he remembered Audrey very clearly: a good-looking woman, slender with small tits and sensational legs which her short skirts were clearly intended to emphasise.

"Well, they are coming. And we thought it might be good to have a third couple - if you and Lisa would be interested."

"I'll have to ask her."

"Of course. Call me back and let me know. We think you might enjoy it."

"Yes." Mark hesitated. "Would Lisa be expected to - contribute?"

"Participate, you mean?"

"Yes."

"Not necessarily. But - well, you know."

"Yes, I think so. I'll get back to you."

Mark decided to wait for a timely moment to broach the subject with Lisa. His caller had been Andrew, chief motivator of the local Neighbourhood Watch scheme, a loose-knit coalition of people who agreed to keep a wary eye on any activity that might threaten the security and general well-being of their upper-middle-class community. Mark and Lisa had been persuaded to join when they moved into the area more than a year earlier. There had been irregular meetings to discuss vandalism, littering, late-night noise and the like. Discussion had been desultory and results, apart from a few stickers in windows, minimal. But now it seemed that Neighbourhood Watch might have an entirely different connotation for the select few who received an invitation from Andrew and Pam.

************************

That night, with each thrust of his cock into Lisa's warm wetness, Mark pondered on the unexpected phone call. If it meant what he was sure it did mean, how would Lisa respond? At this moment, with her legs wrapped round his back and her pelvis rising to meet his distended member, he could believe she was the absolute epitome of sexual desire. His earlier ministrations with tongue and fingers had brought her to a pitch she seldom achieved these days. Secretly, he had to concede that he had been aroused himself by images of what might happen if only he could persuade Lisa. Now, picturing himself taking her from behind while Andrew and Pam and their guests looked on, his concentration on the immediate sensation in his groin wavered, undermining his control: his cock spasmed, spunk flooded his wife's cunt. Desperately, he pressed his still semi-erect cock into her as she, realising what had happened, manoeuvred her clitoris against him to reach a conclusion that was only partially satisfying.

"Sorry, sweetheart," he said. "I seemed to get carried away."

"Don't worry. It will probably be just as good for me next time." Lisa disappeared to the bathroom. When she returned, Mark feigned sleep.

In the first years of their marriage, sex had been frequent, passionate and innovative. But, in the manner of many couples, over time they developed a familiar routine. There was no difficulty for either of them in achieving orgasm but the instinctive search for ever more imaginative eroticism had gradually given way to a series of practised moves. The right preliminaries were soon followed by the right buttons being pressed and in a relatively short while the predictable outcome was reached.

Importantly - and crucially in the light of Andrew's phone call - Mark and Lisa had stopped talking about sex. They had taken to fucking in silence until a gasp from Mark or a little whimper of fulfilment from Lisa signalled an end. How then, he wondered when he lay awake in the night, could he suddenly ask Lisa if she would like to go out for the evening to watch other people fucking? Other people they hardly knew but who might expect to see Lisa spreading herself for Mark? They had lost touch with each other in this critical area and he didn't know how it could be re-established. In the forefront of his mind was the fear that Lisa might be horrified at the mere suggestion, threatening what intimacy remained. And yet, so tempting was the prospect of joining Andrew's party, he couldn't bring himself to give up. Eventually, in the small hours, he devised a plan.

The following morning, during a long conversation with Andrew, the plot was agreed. As a result, Mark was able to tell Lisa no more than that they had been invited out to dinner. "You remember Andrew and Pam from Neighbourhood Watch?"

"Yes. Nice couple - is this more Neighbourhood Watch business?"

"Don't think so. Apparently it's just us, them and a couple called Gary and Audrey. They've been at one or two of the meetings but Andrew seemed to suggest it would be just a social get-together." 

There was a thriving dinner party circuit so there was no reason for Lisa to think this was anything out of the ordinary. She said, "I remember Audrey - slim, rather attractive."

************************

When they arrived on the appointed evening their recollection of Audrey was fully vindicated: perched on the arm of a chair, gin and tonic in hand, legs crossed, dark skirt halfway up her thighs, she was looking somewhat more than merely attractive. In the chair beside her, Pam wasn't entirely overshadowed. She, too, was making the most of her assets, a low-cut blouse displaying ample breasts. And was there, Mark wondered, a hint of protruding nipples?

Looking round the room, he felt that for a group in their late thirties and early forties this was undeniably a sextet with the emphasis on the sex. And he didn't exclude Lisa. While more conservatively dressed than the other two women, he believed that the Lisa of old had not simply disappeared: beneath the surface cool was a sensual nature that would need little encouragement if the circumstances were right. Andrew would undoubtedly have told Pam what was afoot; probably Gary and Audrey knew, too. The question was - how would Lisa respond when the moment came?

It helped that Andrew and Pam were admirable hosts, keeping the conversation light with no awkward pauses, ensuring that empty glasses were quickly refilled. Dinner, too, was accompanied by quality wines. Mark noted approvingly that Andrew, on Lisa's right, took every opportunity to replenish her glass. Lisa abstained when the port decanter was circulated but allowed herself to be persuaded by a brandy slightly larger than she had requested. So far, so good.

It was after dinner, when they had moved into the drawing room where a CD was playing quietly, that Andrew played the opening card, having been given his cue when Pam made what seemed an innocuous comment about tabloid newspapers and their fondness for kiss-and-tell, three-in-a-bed type stories. "In the end," she said, "it's not much more than titillation."

"Is it though?" said Andrew. "I was reading a piece the other day about wife-swapping - apparently it's not as prevalent as it used to be because nowadays everyone is terrified of AIDS."

"That may be true as far as it goes," Gary responded, "but I doubt whether AIDS has killed the philosophy that gave rise to wife-swapping: once you've accepted there is more to sex than a lifetime of monogamy it can't be easy to give up." Plainly, Gary had been well briefed.

"So what takes its place?" asked Audrey.

"From all I read, the great craze now for the couples who used to swap is still to get together but the sex - certainly the full sex, no matter whatever might go before it - is restricted to their own partners. Watch-and-be-watched, they call it. People are both exhibitionists and voyeurs." 

"I suppose if it keeps people together, spices up their sex lives without deceit, there's something to be said for it. If you're that kind of person." This contribution from Lisa left Mark with mixed feelings. At least, she wasn't embarrassed by the turn the conversation had taken but the tone of her remark was hardly an endorsement.

Gary picked up the thread again. "Another aspect of this watch-and-be-watched business is the way it has led to the opening up of sex clubs. I gather we'd be surprised how many towns have at least one."

"Sex clubs?" Lisa was still willing to be involved in the discussion.

"Some have admission for singles but mainly they're intended for couples. There'll be a bar and a dance floor where people can meet. Get to see if they have anything in common. Then there'll be other areas where more or less anything goes. If you just want to watch you can. On the other hand - "

"If you want to know if it's a good idea - " Andrew had been circulating to top up glasses. Now, unnoticed he was standing behind Pam's chair, his hands resting lightly on her shoulders. " - I mean, would anybody object to a little experiment?" 

Without waiting for an answer, Andrew let his hands delve into his wife's décolletage, Pam responded by opening buttons of her blouse. The front fastening of her bra followed, allowing Andrew to cup large round breasts. When they were offered to the full gaze of the onlookers, Mark noted that his impression of protuberant nipples was correct. There was a little cry of "Oh," from Audrey. It was a cry not of shock but of admiration or even envy, Mark thought. Perhaps something more. He looked at Lisa but at that moment her expression was blank. Not approving but not shocked either.

In the room, the atmosphere had changed palpably. As small talk had given way subtly to a consideration of watch-and-be-watched, now there was a silence broken only by the CD playing in the background and punctuated by quiet sounds of pleasure from Pam as her husband alternately caressed her breasts and tweaked her nipples. The dark points stood out proudly. 

It was Pam who spoke. "Darling, this is very nice and you know I'll enjoy it as long as you want to keep doing it. But it's too one-sided." She took his hand from her left breast and urged him round to her side. Then she reached for his zip and began slowly to pull it down. The implications needed no articulation. Everyone present sensed that the tipping point had been reached. All eyes, though, were not on Pam's unzipping of her husband; the centre of attention was Lisa.

Mark leaned close to his wife, squeezed her hand and murmured in her ear, "Are you all right?"

"Do you want me to be?" she asked.

"Yes. I do."

"Then I am." And then more loudly, for everyone to hear: "Please, everyone. Please don't think I'm a wet blanket. This is all very new to me but if Andrew and Pam are going to ... I mean, if they want to continue, I think I would like to watch."

Soon Pam had Andrew's cock in her hand. For a while she contented herself with bringing it to erection. Then, cupping his balls in one hand, she used the other to guide the hard member to her lips. Her tongue flicked out in a quick darting movement while her hand continued to massage the shaft. Opening her mouth, she took in the circumcised head and began to suck. When she removed it briefly it shone with her saliva. Pam was unhurried, mistress of every variation, sometimes holding the object of her attention at arm's length for all to admire, then licking sensually from the very base to the tip before swallowing it once more, hollowing her cheeks as she sucked.

At last, Andrew placed a hand on the top of his wife's head and said, "Careful, dear. Not too much, too soon."

Pam released his cock and smiled up at him. "Ready to move on?"

"More than ready. That's a very greedy mouth - and I was tempted. I always am. But you're right. We don't want to disappoint everyone by missing anything out."

"Well, then. You've started undressing me. It might be a good idea to finish the job." She rose, shedding the open blouse and bra before turning to allow Andrew to unzip her skirt. When that fell to the floor, she presented herself to the company in black knickers, suspender belt, stockings and high heels.

Andrew was beginning to divest himself similarly when Lisa whispered to Mark, "Am I expected to match this?"

"Do you want to?"

"I'm not sure if I can. It's made me wet already but - I just don't know."

"You don't have to." He put his hand on her thigh, pressed reassuringly and left it there, caressing gently. Her skirt rose a few inches but she made no move to push it down.

Andrew guided Pam back to her chair, placed a cushion at her back and another behind her head, spread her legs, hooked one over each arm of the chair, knelt between them and bent his head. As Andrew began to lick, Mark sensed rather than heard the sigh that revealed Lisa's concentration on the scene unfolding before her. She slid forward slightly in her chair, causing her skirt to rise further. Meanwhile, Andrew used his fingers to part his wife's labia, exposing a clitoris as prominent as the nipples of her tits. His tongue went to work. The effect was to cause Pam to push upward with her buttocks, forcing her cunt into his face. Andrew backed off, put two fingers in his mouth, sucked and then used them to begin a steady finger fuck. "Oh yes, darling. Give me plenty of that." Pam's words were no more than a murmur, but clear enough to raise the erotic temperature of the room another degree. Beside Mark, Lisa's breasts rose and fell as her breathing quickened.

The tension was broken when Pam carefully removed her husband's hand from its nest and spoke aloud. "Enough, darling. I need to be fucked properly, and I expect our guests would like to see, too." She arranged two cushions on the floor so that when she lay across them, opened her legs and raised her knees there was a clear view of her cunt. Juice generated by Andrew's efforts gleamed in the light. Once everyone had had time to enjoy the spectacle, Andrew took his cock in his hand, knelt and let the knob play around the enticing entrance.

"Don't tease," Pam pleaded. "You've done enough. I'm more than ready. Give it to me."

"Now?"

"Yes, now for God's sake. I need it now."

"Hard."

"Yes, hard"

In one swift movement, Andrew rammed his cock into the opening. Pam cried out with pleasure, spurring him on. The fuck was fast, fierce and surely could not last, but the couple knew their limits; when the climax seemed imminent, Andrew steadied himself, partly withdrew, then held his cock in place before recommencing at a slower tempo. Pam wriggled her hips appreciatively.

Mark felt a nudge. Lisa gestured with a slight nod towards Gary and Audrey. His trousers were open and she was bending across him, sucking his cock while her eyes remained fixed on their hosts on the floor. There, Andrew was steadily increasing the speed and vigour of his thrusting. With each penetration there was the smack of flesh on flesh; with each withdrawal there was a glimpse of a jutting shaft glistening with his wife's lubrication. Pam had closed her eyes. Her arms were clasped round Andrew's back, her fingers digging into his buttocks as she pulled him into her as she opened herself to enjoy to the full his hardness invading her innermost depths. The position intensified the pressure on her clitoris and this time there was no holding back. "Yes, darling," she cried, "Yes. Now." Gritting her teeth, she bucked against his pounding. Suddenly her eyes opened wide and the orgasm flooded her. Instantly aware, Andrew drove ever harder and faster until his torso stiffened and, with a groan, he, too, reached the ecstatic heights.

For a while there was only the sound of the couple's panting return to normality. When they raised themselves a little groggily from the floor, Pam said, "It looks like we need to make room for the next turn."

It was true. Gary and Audrey were already eager to emulate their hosts. Gary was naked, Audrey wearing only a pair of red open-crotch knickers. As they took the place vacated by Andrew and Pam, Lisa removed Mark's hand from her thigh and squeezed. "My love," she said, "I don't think I can stay out of this any longer. Do you mind if we -?" 

Mark pulled her to him and kissed her fiercely. Her tongue pressed into his mouth. He could feel her undoing buttons, shedding clothes herself while she almost pulled his shirt from his back. There could be no more doubt about the effect of watch-and-be-watched.

The two fucks that took place side by side became almost a competition as they went through all the variations. While Mark and Lisa began in the missionary position, letting him discover just how wet the preceding exhibition had made her receptive cunt, Gary took Audrey doggy style. When Lisa in her turn knelt for Mark to get into her from behind, Audrey crouched over Gary's face to have her cunt licked. Lisa had a spell on top, her tits jiggling as she lowered herself on and off Mark's rampant cock. At the same time her head was turned to watch the efforts of the couple sweating only a few feet away at their side. She put a hand down to massage her clit, but Mark reached forward to take over that role.

It was then that Lisa became aware of Pam crouching beside her, steadying herself with a hand on Lisa's shoulder so that her mouth remained close to Lisa's ear during the rise and fall of what had become a carefully controlled fuck. "My dear," murmured her hostess, "I just want you to know how good you've been. We were afraid you would be shocked."

Lisa nodded, indicating that she understood.

Pam went on, "Will you do something for us? When Mark is ready, we want to see him come. Will you let him shoot on your tits? Gary will do the same for Audrey."

For a moment, Lisa hesitated. Then she looked down at Mark and said, "Do it for me, Mark. Quickly." Her husband intuitively intensified his fingering of her clit until she twisted, gasped and clung on to Pam for support. Her recovery was remarkably swift. Climbing off her husband, she lay on her back and motioned to him to kneel at her side. When he did so, she grasped his cock and began to masturbate him, a task simplified by that instrument having been well lubricated inside her. Her eyes left Mark and turn to her side where Audrey was intent on getting herself off with a frenzied frigging while Gary pointed his cock at her tits, gave two jerks and directed a series of creamy spurts on to them. At the same time, Lisa felt Mark's cock muscles tighten, followed by a fountain of cum that also found its mark.

Watch-and-be-watched? It certainly had the effect they said it had.

************************

Driving home later, Lisa said, "That was planned wasn't it?"

Mark prevaricated. "How do you mean - planned?"

"It was a set-up. It was Audrey who gave the game away. If you are just going for dinner with friends, you don't wear red open-crotch knickers. So they knew, and Andrew and Pam must have been in on it, too. Were you?"

"Would you be upset if I was?"

"I suppose I should be, but I guess you thought if you had asked me first I would have said no."

"Would you have?"

"Probably."

"And?"

"I'm glad you didn't" She reached into his lap, stroked where his cock was folded.

They drove in silence for a while until Lisa said, "Can I ask you something else?"

"Of course."

"Would you like that to happen again?"

"Only if you would."

"I'm surprised you think I might not. After what happened. It's as though we've turned the clock back twenty years, isn't it?"

"It is."

"Only before next time, I'd like you to speak to Gary about something. When he was talking about watch-and-be-watched, he said there was only ever full sex between partners, and that's fine with me. But he also said something about 'never mind whatever went on before it.' Remember?"

"Yes, I think so."

"Well, when Pam was bending down beside us and murmuring encouragement, I began to wonder if we hadn't missed something in the preliminaries. Especially the women, if you follow me."
