 I walked into my bedroom to pick up my wallet and keys. As I did, I glanced out of the window, and stopped in my tracks. My neighbour, Debra, was sunning herself by her pool.

I had seen Debra tanning herself a few times before, and I had always enjoyed the view. She was about thirty-five, and she had what you might call a petite figure. But she looked pretty nice from where I was standing.

I watched her for a few minutes, and then remembered that I had an appointment, so reluctantly I picked up my things and left, but my mind was on Deb in her blue bikini.

Debra, her husband Ray, and their three children had moved into the house next to mine a little over a year ago. They were a nice family and good neighbours. I had been to a couple of barbeques at their house, we borrowed things from each other occasionally, and I had looked after their children a couple of times for them when they had to go out unexpectedly. Some Saturdays Ray would come over to watch basketball on TV at my house. He said that there was nobody at my house to tell him to take his feet off the coffee table, and not to drink so many beers. While I liked Ray's company to watch sports, we had never really bonded. I thought that he had a rather large opinion of himself, and I don't care so much for people like that.

Whenever Ray talked about Debra, it was always to complain about her, and usually, the complaint was about her lack of enthusiasm for bedroom activities. But as I got to know Ray better, it became obvious that the guy hadn't a clue about how to treat women properly. It had always seemed to me that Debra would be a little hottie in the sack. I thought that she just needed the right man to push her buttons. I always thought about this when I saw Deb in her bikini, and how much I would like to be the one to push those buttons.

A few days later I was working in my front garden when I saw Deb's car pull into her driveway. When she got out, she waved to me and I waved back, and then she started to unload groceries. A minute later I heard her cry out in pain and there was a crash of breaking glass.

I dropped my spade and ran over to her. She was sitting on the ground rubbing her leg. "I slipped over," she said. "I think I've twisted my ankle."

I knelt down beside her and examined her ankle. It was already starting to swell up. "Looks like it's twisted all right," I said. "Let's get you inside."

I lifted her up into my arms. She was very light and I carried her easily. As I did, she put her arms around my neck and smiled weakly at me. I had never been this close to Deb before, and she smelled wonderful. Even though I was thinking about her ankle, a part of me was reminded of what a hot woman she really was.

I carried Debra into her lounge room and placed her on the couch. Then I got a cold cloth and wrapped it around her ankle. "You will need to stay off that ankle for a while," I said. "Close your eyes and rest. I'll take care of the groceries."

I went out and brought in the rest of the groceries, and then I cleaned up the broken glass. Then I went back into the kitchen and made us each a nice cup of tea. When I took the tea into the lounge room, Deb was sitting up.

"I feel a lot better now, Steve," she said. "Thanks for looking after me."

"It's a pleasure, Deb," I said.

We talked while we sipped our tea, and I realised that we had never really talked to each other before. As we did, I found out more and more about the lovely Debra. She was, as I had always suspected, a very sensitive woman. She used to paint a lot before she had married Ray, but said that she didn't have time to do it any more. I suspected that there was more to it than that, and that she had lost the inspiration to be creative. Although she didn't say it, I got the distinct feeling that she felt trapped in a lifetime of routine and boredom.

We talked for a couple of hours, and during that time I really warmed to her. What a shame that she felt the way that she did. And although she didn't blame Ray for her dull life, it was obvious that my original impressions had been correct. Ray had absolutely no idea how to treat a woman right.

I examined Deb's ankle again, and saw that the swelling had gone down a lot. I got some bandages and strapped it up tight. As I was doing this, I noticed that she had lovely legs, and I have to say that I enjoyed touching them. I briefly wondered what it would be like to slide my hands up her legs and explore the rest of her body. When I thought about this, my cock started to get hard, so I had to think of something else quickly so that it would go down again. Because of this, I had to stay on the floor and fuss with the bandages longer than was really necessary, but Deb didn't seem to mind.

I had just finished bandaging Deb's ankle when there was a commotion of noise at the door. Her children had arrived home from school. I went to the door to meet them.

"Hi, kids," I said. "Your mommy's had a little accident. She's hurt her ankle, and she's in the lounge room." The children rushed in to see Deb. She assured them that she was all right. Then I made some snacks for the children and they disappeared into the TV room.

I made us each another cup of tea and we talked some more. We must have talked for a couple of hours but it seemed like it was just a few minutes. Then there was another noise at the door as Ray arrived home. I went to meet and told him what had happened. 

Now that Ray was home I had no excuse to stay any longer, so I said my goodbyes, and told them to call me if I could help with anything. They both thanked me profusely for my help, and I went back to my house.

The next morning, about eleven, the phone rang. It was Debra. She said that she had baked me a chocolate cake to thank me for helping her the previous day. She asked if I would like to come over for cake and coffee. Of course I said that I would.

When I knocked at the door, Deb called out, "Come on in, Steve. I'm in the kitchen." I went into the kitchen and Deb was sitting at the table. On the table was a delicious looking cake, but Deb looked even more delicious than the cake. I had expected her to be wearing a robe, or maybe sweats, but she was wearing a very nice dress. And she had put on makeup. I assumed that she had prettied herself up to take her mind off her sore ankle.

"How's the ankle?" I asked.

"It's much better, thanks, Steve," she replied. "But I'm trying to keep off it as much as I can today."

"That's a good idea," I said. "I'll make the coffee."

I brewed the coffee and cut two pieces of cake. "Let's have our coffee in the lounge room," she said. "That is, if you don't mind helping me."

I reached out to help her up. "Do you think that you could carry me?" she asked. "That is, if I'm not too heavy."

"You're light as a feather," I said as I picked her up.

As I carried Deb into the lounge room, again she put her arms around my neck, and once again I realised that I was very close to a beautiful and desirable woman. My cock started to react. This time I couldn't do anything about it, and to make matters worse, as I put her down onto the couch I brushed her leg against my hardened cock. I sat down quickly. Deb didn't say anything so I guessed that she hadn't noticed.

We ate our cake, drank our coffee and talked. Again I was amazed at the range of her interests. And then I noticed the clock and was surprised to find that we had been talking for almost three hours. 

I decided that I really had to leave, and so I stood up to go. "Could I ask one more favour before you leave?" she said. "Could you carry me back to the kitchen?"

As I carried Debra back to the kitchen, her presence was almost overwhelming. My knees felt weak and my head was spinning. It took all of my self-control not to turn my head ever so slightly and kiss her.

This time I managed to put her down without brushing her against my cock, which was now fully erect. "Take the rest of the cake home with you, Steve," she said. Thankfully I picked up the cake dish, and used it as best I could to hide my throbbing erection as I left the house.

The next day was Saturday, so I knew that Ray would be home to look after Debra. I saw him in the yard and asked how she was. He said that she was a lot better. I saw him again on Sunday, and then he said that she had just about fully recovered.

On Monday morning I was working in my kitchen when I heard splashing from Ray and Debra's pool. Looks like Deb has fully recovered, I thought. Then after a while the splashing stopped. It occurred to me that Deb might be sunbathing, so I hurried up to my bedroom to check. Sure enough, she was lying in the sun, but this time she was topless!

I stared at Deb. Ok, her boobs were small, but she had nice brown nipples. The sight of her bare tits, along with the memories of our closeness the previous week, made my cock spring to attention. Without thinking about what I was doing, I pulled out my cock and started to wank off as I looked at Deb's tits. I imagined how hot it would be to rub my cock on her nipples, and then to cum on her tits. The thought of doing this made me cum immediately.

When I looked out of the window again, she had gone. I was disappointed, of course, but I thought that I had been lucky to see her topless. I returned to what I was doing in the kitchen. Then a few minutes later the phone rang. It was Debra.

"Sorry to be a nuisance, Steve," she said. "But I can't get the pool filter to work. Could you have a look at it for me? And then maybe you'd like to have a swim."

"Sure," I said, and hung up the phone. 

I changed into my swim trunks and went out my back door. There was a connecting gate between our properties, and so I didn't have to go around to the front of her house. She was waiting by the pool filter, wearing both pieces of her swimsuit. Well, what did I expect?

I checked the pool pump and found that it had simply tripped out an electrical circuit breaker. I reset the breaker and the filter sprang into action. "I wish all problems were as easy to fix as that one," I said.

"Oh, but you're so clever," Debra purred. "I would never have known to do that. Let's go for a swim."

Before I could say anything, she dived into the pool. "Come on in," she called, "the water's lovely."

I took off my shirt and dived in. The water was indeed nice and cool, but there was something even nicer, and that was Debra. Somehow, she looked even sexier all wet than she did when she was dry. And then I noticed her erect nipples pressing against her suit.

She saw me looking at her nipples, and she blushed a little. I was embarrassed and I looked away. But then she moved very close to me. "You know, I've seen you looking at me when I sunbake," she said softly.

I didn't know what to say. All I could do was to stammer, "I'm so sorry!"

"Don't be sorry," she said. "I like the idea that you find me attractive. And so this morning I thought that I would give you something a little more interesting to look at. Did you like what you saw?"

"Oh yes," I gasped. "I liked what I saw very much."

"Then I thought that you might enjoy a closer look," she said. She reached back and undid her bikini top, and let it fall into the pool. Her nipples were as hard as little brown berries. Then she took my hands and cupped them around her tits. I squeezed her tits, and massaged her nipples with my fingers. She moaned and then whispered, "Take me inside, Steve. Your house."

We climbed out of the pool. Deb put on her robe and I put on my shirt, and I led her through the gate to my yard and into my house. As soon as we were inside she threw her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately. I kissed her back, and picked her up so that I could hold her close to me. She wrapped her legs around me and started to grind her pussy into me. I thought that my cock was going to explode. Quickly I lay her on the table, pulled down her bikini bottom and my swim trunks, and rammed my cock into her pussy. As she was so petite her pussy was tiny, and she gasped as I filled it completely with my cock. There was no question of making slow love, we were both so turned on that I slammed my cock in and out of her pussy, and on each thrust she raised her hips to meet me. In about a minute we both exploded in huge orgasms. 

After our breathing returned to something like normal, I stood and pulled her up to me. Then I led her to the bedroom. This time I made slow, gentle love to her, pleasuring her in every way than a man can pleasure a woman, and she in turn did the same to me. We made love for hours, and I don't know how many times that we each came, but it was a lot.

I wanted Deb to stay with me forever, but of course eventually she said that she had to go. I knew that her children would be home from school soon, so I didn't argue with her.

The next morning I was in the kitchen when there was a knock on the door. I opened it and Debra was standing there. She smiled hello and came inside. Without saying a word she opened her robe and I saw that she was naked underneath. 

This time we managed to make it to the bedroom, but as soon as we got there, I grabbed her and fucked her pussy without mercy. She moaned and gasped and finally screamed out with pleasure as we both came.

For the rest of that week, each morning there was a knock at my kitchen door, and Debra was there. We spent many hours making love. I taught her a few things about pleasing men, and she was a willing student. But I could never get enough of her fantastically tight pussy, and I spent as much time as I could with it wrapped around my cock.

On Saturday, of course Debra couldn't visit me, but Ray came over in the afternoon to watch the game. It hadn't even occurred to me that he would do this. I was a little concerned, after having spent the week fucking his wife, that I would accidentally say something that would make him suspect that something was going on. But he seemed to be completely normal. In fact, he was in a particularly good mood.

I kidded him about his good mood, and asked if he had won the lottery. He said no, something much better had happened. Debra had suddenly become a lot more interested in sex. They had done it every night that week, sometimes more than once, and it had been great. He was a very happy camper.

Once Ray started talking about his improved sex life I couldn't shut him up. He came up with several theories to explain Debra's new interest in sex. He said that he really thought that it had something to do with her spraining her ankle. Maybe, he said, it was the extra attention that he had shown to her while she was laid up.

It was difficult but I managed to suppress a smirk. "Yes, that must be it," I said. "Women always respond to a bit of special attention."