 Chapter 1 - Dan

It was a hot spring day, I was pretty excited as today was the day I got the keys to my new house.

I drove to the property and parked on the kerb outside as I waited for the estate agent. The property was in a little cul-de-sac. It was quite a private and peaceful area.

I sat in the car for about 20 minutes, as I see a flash of blonde running by in the corner of my eye.

I catch a glimpse of her; she was about 5'5 sporting a white cotton t-shirt, I could also make out the outlines of a black sports bra underneath. If I had to guess the size of her breasts she'd be a 32C. She wore these green short bicycle shorts which came up halfway up her thigh. The green shorts accentuated her tight behind as she jogged along.

She wore these red framed nerdy glasses kind of like Felicity Smoak from Arrow. She had shoulder length hair that was tied in a pony tail at the back.

I watched her butt swish as she jogged past me. The girl grinned as she caught me staring at her as she continued her jog down the street.

I decided that I wanted some fresh air so I opened the car door and tried to get up. As I did so I felt a sharp pain in my crotch area. When I looked down I saw my cock pressed up against the steering wheel, it was rock hard. 

I tried thinking about complicated things like Maths or something at work but nothing seemed to get my mind off the girl's tight ass swishing in those green shorts.

The estate agent wasn't due for another hour or so, clearly I was too eager to get into my new house, it was early in the morning where most people had either gone to work and all the kids would be at school. If no one was around I thought, why not? 

So I pushed the car seat backwards, leaned back, unzipped my pants, closed my eyes and began masturbating with my 8 inch cock dreaming about pounding that girl's ass.

After about 5 minutes of beating away vigorously, I was still extremely hard and no where near climax. I was still jerking off with my eyes closed when suddenly I hear a knock on the window and a female voice say. "You look like you could use a extra pair of hands or mouth with that." Said the girl in the green shorts sporting a big grin on her face.

"You have no idea, Miss" I replied as I wound down the passenger side window.

"Do you want some help then?" She said with excitement as she opened front passenger door.

Before I could respond to her question she jumped into my car, leaned over and help herself to my cock. Geezus did it ever feel good. I could tell she was very skilled at fellatio judging from her technique. She was sucking on the head of my cock, her tongue wrapping around the length of my cock massaging it. 

I placed my hand gently on the back of her head guiding her up and down the length of my cock. Her hair smelled of sweet pomegranite. Her perfume smelled of orange flower and lychee.

"You've got yourself a decent size cock here." She said admiring my manhood as she got up for a breather. Her red glasses were fogged up.

"Thanks gorgeous, you sure seem to know your way around it." I grinned at her removing her glasses and placed it in the centre console.

"Mmmmm thanks Hun, I don't know what it is but your cock tastes better than most," she said as she resumed sucking me ravenously.

She massaged my ballsack as she worked the length with her tongue again. She performed her tongue wrap around technique on my cock up and down the length of my cock from the base to just below the tip. She did this for about ten times before she opened her moist mouth, licked her lips before swallowing me whole, all the way to the hilt.

If I had describe the way I felt at that moment being deeply entrenched in her throat in one word it would be, amazing. That would even be under selling the feeling, the way her uvulva rubbed against my cock as she sucked and slowly brought herself to the tip before she slamming back down for seconds and thirds could only be called heaven.

My cock stirred as I felt cum start to build up at the base of my cock. The green tights girl continued performing her marvelous fellatio on me. She looked extremely comfortable with my cock in her mouth, she squeezed the base of my cock with her left hand just as I began to cum.

"Oh god, I think I'm cumming! Get ready baby. It's going to be a big load." I screamed.

"Don't worry honey, I can handle any load you're willing to give." She said with my cock still in her mouth. 

She continued to massage the head with her tongue until I felt I was going to explode. Her left hand still had a tight grip around the base of my cock. She shoved my entire length down her throat one last time before releasing her grip. Once her grip was released, I blew the entire contents of my load down her throat. 

Spurt after spurt I kept cumming, it felt like I'd never stop. Every load I gave she happily swallowed and sucked down my cum, not a drop was wasted. 

After about ten shots I was done, however my cock was still rock hard. The look of surprise and excitement was clearly seen on her face as she sucked the length of my cock sliding up the shaft. Her mouth came off my cock with a "plop" sound once the tip of my cock made it past her gorgeous full red lips. 

I looked at this beautiful woman who had just given me the best blow job I'd ever experienced with amazement. The way sun shone on her at that moment with her lips glistening with my cum. The woman looked divine, like an angel come to give me my last blowjob. She gave me a smile that made my cock and my heart melt. 

She leaned forward and kissed the tip of my cock which made me squirt once more. Instead of down her throat like before now it covered half her face. As the cum dribbled down from just under her eye to her mouth she licked it clean with glee. The look on her face said it all.

"Now now, calm down big fella, we'll have some fun later!" She said as she lightly tapped my balls.

She got up and gave me a kiss on the cheek and whispered to me,

"I'm with the Neighbourhood Watch. Welcome to the neighbourhood. You'll fit right in here, my name is Esther, but you can call me anytime." Esther said as she gave my cock a gentle squeeze with her left hand while guiding my hand down her shorts with her right. 

"You can have this later, I'll make you work hard for it but you'll cum harder than you did just now!" She said winking at me.

There was a massive moisture patch between her legs of her green shorts. I slid a finger into her pussy as I wanted to fuck her right there and then. She grabbed my hand gently then looked at the clock on my car before shaking her head at me with a grin pulling my hand out her shorts.

"Not now my dear, I have somewhere I need to be, be patient." She winked.

"Oh I see, well my name is Dan and I'm VERY pleased to make your acquaintance. Tell me is everyone in the street this friendly or is it just you?" I replied as I licked her pussy juices off my fingers.

"No, just me, when I saw you playing with your big cock and it made me so wet that I just had to taste it. I always get what I want." Esther said grinning, 

"I'm off sweetie, I need to shower before I run some errands. Welcome again Dan. I'll see you again soon no doubt! I live just next door." Esther said as she walked off into her house with her tights still drenched in her pussy juices.

As soon as she disappeared from sight my cock began to settle down in sadness as if to say,is that it. I looked down at my white shorts fearing the worst, but not a single drop of cum was on it. I admired Esther's fellatio handiwork before quickly putting my cock back inside my shorts. As soon as I did so the estate agent pulled into the driveway.

I got out the of my car and greeted David, the real estate agent. 

"Hi David, how are you?" I said as I shook his hand.

"Yeah not bad Dan, and you?" David replied.

"Yeah can't complain, had an eventful morning. Can't wait to get deep into this neighbourhood and start exploring." I replied back as a smile appeared on my face ear to ear, chuckling to myself.

"That's great, shall we do the final inspection before I hand you the keys?" David said unsuspecting of the pun I created for myself.

"Yeah sure!" I replied as David opened the door and showed me around the house.

It was a decent sized house, on a block of 60 squares, the house was about 30. It had three bedrooms with two bathrooms and two living areas with a deck out the back and a lock up garage.

After inspecting the house and saying goodbye to David, I walked out to the car to get out my gym bag which had a overnight bag and some cleaning gear. As I neared my car, Esther drove out of her house waving to me. I waved smiling back at her. I picked up my stuff but I noticed Esther forgot her glasses in my car. I took them with me as I went back into the house and headed straight to the ensuite to shower.

When I reached the shower it was so dirty from not having been used for months, I became too disgusted to shower in the filth. I sighed and started cleaning the entire bathroom, this got my cleaning juices going as I moved to the other bathroom and before long I found myself moving to the kitchen and cleaning that area too.

The only thing left was to vacuum all the carpets and mop the tiled floors. Which I did meticulously, I felt like I cleaned every corner of every room in the house. Afterwards I was completely exhausted and sweaty, I cracked open a semi-cold beer from my Esky to cool off and relax before I headed into the shower.

I washed all the dirt and grime off every inch of my body, paying careful attention to clean my cock and under my foreskin too. I was drying off in the master when I saw someone walk by and ring the door bell. I wrapped the towel around my waist and quickly answered the door. 

It was Esther.

"Hi Dan, It's lunch time and I thought you would be hungry after all that hard work so I brought you some goodies." Esther said as she handed me the picnic basket. She was wearing the same T-shirt from earlier but she exchanged her green bicycle shorts with a short white tennis skirt. She had black framed glasses on this time.

"Please do come in, I've just cleaned everything I don't have any furniture as the truck won't be in until later in the day." I said as I invited her in. "We can sit in the kitchen and eat."

"Great! I'm famished." Esther said as she walked in.

"Oh, I've got your glasses, you left them in my car this morning," I said as I grabbed it from my gym bag.

"Thank you darling" Esther said as she grabbed my ass as we walked to the kitchen.

I laid out the contents of the basket on the kitchen bench. There were cold meats, sandwiches and various cheeses as well as a bottle of champagne. I picked up the champagne and asked.

"Shall we?"

"Yes, that's a welcome gift for you." she said as I popped open the bottle of champagne and poured us a glass each.

After lunch, we polished off the bottle of champagne, Esther moved closer, she was breathing sharply as her breasts moved up and down.

"So, where did we leave off this morning?" Esther said leaning over and kissing me on the lips. Her hand masterfully had my cock out in half a second already stroking it from under the towel (I didn't have time to change).

"Mmmmm yes, where were we indeed." I replied back kissing her passionately back in response.

I laid her on her back on the cold tiles with my right hand supporting the small of her back; my fingers gently massaging her ass cheeks as she lay down. I ran my left hand up the side of her leg and reached in under her t-shirt, she had no bra on. My hand reached her breasts as I began playing with her areolas with the tips of my fingers. 

Esther was starting to get hot and flustered so she took off her t-shirt revealing her magnificient assets, I was wrong about the size of her tits earlier she was still a size 32 but she was definitely a D cup, she had big dark pink nipples the size of small sultanas they surrounded by a light peach coloured fifty cent piece sized areolas . 

I leaned in and began licking and sucking her erect pink nipples. I drew a line from the middle of her abdomen down towards her crotch with my index and middle fingers. Just barely touching her skin, she had tight taut stomach except for this bit of skin at the bottom, just under the bit of skin I noticed a little scar. I skipped touching it as I moved my hand down to her smooth waxed pussy. 

She wasn't wearing any underwear underneath that tennis skirt, it gave easy access as I inserted my middle finger in her moist pussy slowly making way deep inside her. I rubbed the edges of her clitoris with my thumb.

I placed light kisses behind Esther's left ear making my way down the nape of her neck, while still fingering her. Esther's pussy was now soaking wet, I wondered if she thought about riding my cock since this morning.

"Mmmm Dan, yes, I've been dreaming of your cock inside me since this morning. That's why I had come back quickly. Unghhh" Esther moaned as if in response to my thoughts.

"I haven't stopped thinking about you either Esther. After the blow job you gave me this morning, which I have to say again, the best I've ever had." I exclaimed. "I kept imagining what it would be like with my cock deep inside your pussy."

Esther responded by getting up off the floor and pressing me down firmly onto my back with her right foot. Once I was lying down she stood above my cock like she was about to impale herself.

Steadying above me, Esther used her left hand and guided my cock to the entrance of her love canal. Her pussy looked like those perfect porn star ones where it looks like a hamburger bun. Slowly she lowered herself onto my cock; from my point of view it looked like the bun was getting split into two by a big sausage. 

Initially there was some resistance but as soon as the head was in, she slammed herself down to the hilt like she'd done with her mouth earlier. Esther screamed with pain and excitement as my cock pressed up against her cervix.

"Unghhh! Oh god, it's better than I thought, it fills me up completely. It's hitting all the right places!" Esther screamed as she began slowly riding me.

Her pussy made slurping sounds as she rose up slowly about halfway up my cock then slam back down with force with a big slap as her ass landed on my quads.

"Oh yeah mmmm yeahh my little asian stud, I can't believe how big you are. Unnghh!" Esther continued to scream while riding me. 

"All the better to fuck you with, my dear!" I replied while at the same time kissing the nape of her neck and working my way down to her breasts.

I lifted her up off the ground and placed her on top of the kitchen bench, being a good neighbour I couldn't make her do all the work. This position also gave me better access to her g-spot as I drove my cock inside her again and again.

"Oh Oh Oh, yes yes yes, Oh Esther, your pussy is so tight mmmmm!" I screamed as I continued entering her over and over. The sound of my balls slapping her thighs could be heard throughout the house.

"Im pretty tight for a mother of three ey?" She whispered cheekily, as I stopped to register what she was saying for a second, then I remembered the scar I went past earlier and connected the dots.

"Wow, not bad indeed, does your husband condone you fucking your neighbours?" I asked while still pumping her ferociously

"What he doesn't know won't hurt him right, and what about you? Do you have a partner? I saw a photo in the car." Esther questioned arching forward running her nails down my back.

"Oh we're not married, we don't even live together yet," I said as I put her down on the floor and began to mount her doggy style.

"Unngh unggh yes, that's it Dan, that's the spot oh my god, I think I'm going to cum, Don't stop don't stopppp." She screamed as I continued my onslaught of her pussy.

Stroke after stroke I delved into Esther, the head of my cock pressing into her little g-spot while my balls swung underneath hitting her just under the clitoris. 

I wasn't far from cumming as Esther began to shudder, just a few more strokes should do me.

"Unghhhh aaahhhhhhh I'm cumming Esther. Take it all baby" I said as I pushed my cock in her really deep as it pressed up against her womb as I blew filling her with my cum. 

"Oh yeah baby, fill me up with your cum, let mummy's pussy have every drop just like this morning!" Esther exclaimed.

"Yesssss, arghhh unggh. I loved it how you didn't gag when you swallowed my cum this morning." I said happily as I continued blowing my load deep inside her. She wasn't wrong this morning, I definately came harder inside her pussy as cum started to settle on top of my balls.

"I'm a sex starved housewife, there's nothing I want more than a big cock spraying deep inside me. You'll understand once you meet my husband, Steve." She grinned as she made a small dick sign with her right hand. I pulled out of her tight twat with a plop. My cock covered in the cocktail of our lovemaking.

"Wow you're tight!" I queried pulling her close pressing her tender breasts up against my chest before giving her a deep kiss.

"No baby, it's coz you're so damn big." She winked as she dropped to her knees and began cleaning my cock. Careful not to let a single drop of cum drip to the floor.

"You don't have to do that Esther, we can shower it off." I said apologetically.

"What a waste of perfectly good cum, let mummy clean it up for you!" Esther said cheerily with a mouth full of my cock. 

After voraciously sucking my cock clean, some cum started dribbling out of her pussy half way down her thigh. She used her finger and scooped it up, licking her hands clean. Esther grinned as she leaned forward kissing me passionately, her tongue pressed against mine. I could taste myself from the inside of her mouth as her was still full of my cum.

"Now it's time I did the same for you!" I said as I lifted her up on the kitchen bench again. I knelt down and performed my best cunnilingus routine on her, cleaning her pussy inside and out.

"Oh baby, yes... wow no one has ever done that for me. You'll do fine, you'll do fine indeed. Join the Neighbourhood Watch with me." Esther rambled as I ate her out.

I paid her rambling no attention as my head was between her tender white thighs. I admired her body as I ate her out, I ran my hands down both her legs. Her skin was smooth with some stretch marks, her abs were still tight with a bit of loose skin. Her 32D's were still perky. So except for those two things her body could easily compare with a 20 year old's.

After I slurped every drop of our love cocktail, I stood up as I lifted Esther off the bench.

"You're a true gentleman Dan. Not many men would offer to lick me clean." Esther said thanking me.

"I here to please you milady" I said chuckling as I bowed.

"You're a dork!" Esther said, her breasts jiggling as she laughed.

I kissed her as I carried her to the shower at the back, as the ensuite was visible from the road with no blinds up yet. 

I turned on the water as we each grabbed a shower gel pack and started lathering ourselves. I offered to wash Esther's back, she turned around and I began to lather her back by drawing circles with soapy hands working my way from the nape of her neck down to her ass cheeks. I started massaging her ass with my left hand and with my right I reached underneath and inserted my middle finger deep into her pussy.

"Oh so you still want to play, do you stud?" Esther said as she pulled my finger from her pussy and turned around grabbing hold of my now erect cock.

"Sure do baby," I replied pulling her close and kissing her deeply on the lips again.

Esther lifted her legs and wrapped them around the small of my back as I slid my cock deep into her pussy. It slid in easily due to the shower gel from her hands. I held her from under her ass as I started pumping her slowly.
