 I folded the newspaper and laid it on the table, all bad news I thought as I drained the last half-inch of coffee from my mug. Gail was at the sink washing the breakfast dishes. I never tired of looking at my wife; it was always a good sight, particularly the way she was dressed now, in shorts and a t-shirt. I gazed at her shapely legs and lovely ass and felt a twinge in my loins. She had splashed some water onto her shirt and I could see the profile her large, left breast and hard nipple against the wetness. I stood up, grabbed my mug and dropped it into the sink and gave Gail a kiss on the neck. She smiled and flicked a blob of soap suds onto my nose as I picked up the tea towel. As I dried the few items and placed them aside I was becoming very sexually aroused. Gail had always had this effect on me and now, after 35 years of marriage, I wanted her as much as ever, even though I had to find out something, somehow. I threw down the towel and went behind her, wrapping my arms around her waist and pressing my erection against her shorts. 

"I want you, Mrs. Banner," I whispered in her ear and moved my hands to her breasts.

"Oh, Mr. Banner, you are naughty, you will have to take me upstairs," she cooed back in a sexy voice.

"No, I'm going to take you right here," I said determinedly. 

"What about Molly and Bill? They could see us through the window."

"I don't care, I want you here and here is where I will have you and besides, they're on vacation."

"Oh, I completely forgot, what about Josh?

"I don't care if Josh sees, I'm going to take you here," I said and unzipped her shorts, pulled them down and fondled her perfect bottom. She spread her legs allowing me easy access to her pussy and my fingers slipped easily inside then onto. My pants came off quickly and pulled her back away from the sink a little and as she bent over, her breasts became submerged in the soapy water. I rubbed my strong erection over her ass then entered her pussy. I moved back and forth at an easy pace, wanting it to last. Over the years I had learned to prolong sex although it had never been easy for me. She had always aroused me so much and I had, for a long time, imagined her with other men, of handing my lovely prize over to someone to enjoy as I did, someone who would be as aroused by her as I was, validating my sexual choice. I couldn't explain these thoughts but they were very strong and exciting. But right now such thoughts were far from my mind as I savoured the feeling of my cock deep inside her wonderful pussy. I reached into the sink and grabbed her tits, it was so erotic feeling them all wet and soapy through the t-shirt and my pace increased.

"Baby, oh baby, yes, give it to me," Gail moaned, then, "yes. . .yes. . .yes," each time my thighs smacked against her buttocks. 

She knew I was past the point of no return and I squeezed her nipples hard and felt a tremendous surge at the base of my erection. I squeezed her luscious, wet tits and ejaculated as I slammed hard into her. "Phew, that was good!" Gail murmured and my cock softened and slipped out of her. "I could do with that again."

"We would have to get you another guy. As the song goes, 'I'm not as good as I once was but I'm as good once as I ever was,' so it will have to be another guy,' I said.

"Umm, is that something you think about?"

"It crosses my mind now and again; I imagine watching you with a well-hung, super hard, young stud, or even a hugely hung not so young stud."

"Stop it! You're making me horny, now put the dishes away.

I reluctantly let go of her tits and cleared away the dishes. What she had said about my imagining her with another guy making her horny preyed on my mind. What did she mean? Did she secretly lust for another man? Was she seeing another guy? Did I really want to know if she was? Did I want her to and could I handle it if she was? I thought I could but one never knows until it happens. There were lots of questions and no answers and eventually I put it to the back of my mind.

Molly and Bill Sedgewick had been our neighbours and friends for 29 years. They were a few years older than Gail and me but we had had many good times over the years. Molly was a little plump but not fat and it suited her, 'thick,' I think they call women of her build. She had curves in all the right places with oversize tits and a shapely ass. Bill was a bit of an exercise nut and was in good shape. He stood about six feet tall and had a trim, muscular body. Our homes had just been completed and we moved in within three week of one another all those years ago. Our home backs onto a woodlot with a ravine beyond and the location was the prime reason we purchased it. We enjoy Nature and a level of privacy and the home offered both. Gail and I had no children whereas Molly and Bill had two sons, Shawn, 27, had moved to New Zealand on a four-year teaching assignment and Josh, 24, had returned from work in Africa six months ago and was staying, temporarily he said, with Molly and Bill. We had watched the boys grow up into fine young men and had often babysat when they were small. An incident occurred several years ago that I still look back on and smile. I was returning through the ravine from birding and as I walked slowly through the woodlot I saw movement through the trees. I stopped and focussed my binoculars and was surprised by what I saw. It was Josh, half hidden by a tree, masturbating. I moved my binoculars in the direction of where he was looking and saw Gail. She was in her bikini and tidying up around the pool. I worked stealthily closer, I don't believe Josh would have heard me anyway; he was so intent on Gail. His cock was a healthy size and very hard, I even felt a twinge of envy. I was close enough now to hear his mutterings as Gail walked about and bent over, "Oh, Mrs. Banner, yeah, bend over and show me your ass, oh, that's it, I love your big tits, suck my dick, suck my dick, I'll fuck your sweet pussy, spread those legs for me, oh yeah, yeah, ooohhh!" He fired off a huge load of cum that splashed against the tree and as he put his cock back in his pants I hid and watched him head home. I never told Gail but I do think about it often and how I couldn't blame the young man for using Gail for his masturbatory fantasies. Gail spent a lot of time around the pool in the summer and was usually scantily clad and I wondered if he spied on her a lot and jerked off. 

Wednesday dawned bright and clear and I was sitting on the patio with my morning paper and coffee. "Good weather in the Dominican," I called out to Gail, "Molly and Bill will be enjoying themselves, they have nude beaches there don't they?"

"I think so but would they go to a nude beach?" Gail said as she came out in her bikini. "If they did I can't let Molly get ahead of me in the tan department; I'll lay by the pool for a while then do a little weeding in the rock garden."

"I think they just might. If we were there we would, I'd like to see all the men look at you and get hard."

"Oh, hush, I'm a middle-aged woman, nobody would look at me." 

Once again I admired her body and thought she was very wrong. Her body was still tight and sexy and looked twenty years younger than 55 and a lot of young men prefer a mature woman. "Okay, I'm off birding, I won't be back until after lunch. Once I've checked the ravine I'm going to the lake and see what's happening there."

I picked up my binoculars and scope on its tripod, knelt down and kissed Gail on the back of her neck and caressed and patted her ass. "See you in a few hours," I said and trudged off towards the ravine. I had been gone about a half hour when I tripped and my scope slammed against a tree, the eyepiece was shattered and rendered useless. There was nothing to do but head back home, I didn't want to lug the scope around. I came up out of the ravine and through the woodlot expecting to see Gail on a lounger by the pool or over at the rock garden but she was nowhere in sight. I walked around the garden and was nearing the pool house when I heard muffled voices. Not sure what to expect I eased my way over to the window and peered inside. I saw Gail's bikini draped over a stool first then looked to the left. Gail lay naked on a bench with her legs high in the air and Josh was pounding into her with long, hard strokes. "Oh, Josh, yes, fuck me, oh yes baby, let me have it, oh, oh, oh," she was moaning.

I just stared and the more I stared the more aroused I became. I had imagined her being fucked by a young stud many times since that day a few years ago and now it was happening I didn't know how I felt. Gail screamed and held Josh tight with her arms and legs around him. He had just ejaculated and was slumped on top of her. I moved out of view of the window and heard Gail say, "John's playing golf on Friday at ten, come about ten-thirty, I'll leave the back door open and you can come right upstairs. I'll be waiting for you in the bedroom and we can play our game."

I headed back to the woodlot, unclear of exactly where or why I was going and thinking, what was 'the game' she mentioned? I slumped down and rested my back against a tree to think. My mind couldn't erase the sight of Josh fucking Gail; I could see his big cock thumping into her pussy over and over and hear her moaning with the pleasure of it. Yes, I was confused but I was also terribly aroused and I unzipped my pants and took out my hard cock. I had an overwhelming urge to jack off but an even greater urge to fuck Gail. I wanted to see if her pussy felt the same after another man had had his hard cock in there and would it be incredibly erotic to pump my cock in her pussy already filled with the semen of someone else? I zipped my pants and made my way back to the house. Gail was back in her bikini and weeding the rock garden. I walked up to her and took her arm, "Come," I said.

"You're back early, where are we going?" she replied.

I didn't answer and took her into the pool house, "Lay down, I'm going to fuck you," and gave her no time to reply and pushed her onto the bench. I pushed her bra up over her tits and took off her bikini bottom. My hands held her legs wide and I plunged my tongue into her pussy. It was swollen and wet from Josh's cock and I could taste something different. . .Josh's cum. My pants came down and I entered her in a rush and gave it to her hard. I wasn't exactly angry but I did want to fuck her as hard as I had seen Josh give it to her, if only to prove to myself that I could. I thought of his cock and cum inside her and it wasn't long before she felt sperm flooding into her. 

Gail ran her fingers through my hair and clasped her legs over my back, just like she had done with Josh. "Oh, John, I love it when you get horny like this," she panted, "these past few months I seem to be wanting sex more and more. Perhaps it's because we're retired now and have more leisure time, I just know I think about sex a lot more than ever before."

"Remember, I'm five years older than you and though my brain is willing my body sometimes reminds me that my young buck days are long gone."

"I know, I know, don't worry, I'll be okay."

I bet you will I thought and I'll be there on Friday see that you are I thought.

I put my golf clubs in the trunk and waved to Gail who was standing at the front door and pulled out of the drive. I drove the five minutes to the park beside the lake and parked the car. I hiked around the lake, through the ravine to the back of my house. I took off my shoes and went in. The house was quiet and halfway up the stairs I heard the shower running. The bedroom door was open and I crept through and into my walk-in closet, leaving the sliding door open an inch or so. The shower turned off and Gail hummed happily to herself. She came out of the ensuite and proceeded to dress in a pink, cupless corset with garters, black stocking and heels. She sat on the end of the bed and played with her nipples and pussy. I looked at my watch, 10:33 and at the moment I heard the back door open. Gail heard it also and lay back on the bed and spread her legs. Josh bounded up the stairs and straight into the room, it was obvious he had been there before, perhaps many times.

Gail spread her pussy as he walked into the bedroom and said in almost a purr, "I've got something hot and wet for your tongue and big cock, come and get it, your slut is ready for you."

"You look so sexy you fucking slut, open that horny, old cunt for me, I'm going to fuck the shit out of you, you dirty, slutty old whore."

"Oh, Josh, I want to be your mature slut fuck, tell me I'm your whore. Tell me how you want your big, hard cock in my wet cunt, tell me, tell me how you're going to fuck me, Josh, I want your young cock to fill me full of cum." 

This was a side of Gail that I had never seen. How long had their relationship been going on? She obviously loved to play the old slut to his young stud. I was both shocked and incredibly turned on by this display and I released my cock from the confines of my pants. My erection was incredibly hard and I stoked it slowly.

"Turn around and get on your hands and knees, you horny slag and show me your ass," Josh said as he removed his shirt.

"Yes, I will, I will but show me your cock first, I want to see it."

"You'll see it and you'll feel it in your mouth and old pussy. I'm going to fuck you and you're not going to want me to stop, now turn around like I told you to you dirty slut."

"Yes, Josh, I will, just fuck me like the whore I am," and she turned and presented her ass to him.

Josh walked over to Gail and roughly mauled her ass then gave her two hard spanks on each cheek and said, "When I tell you to do something, you do it! You'll see my cock when I'm good and ready. From now on you call me sir, is that clear you cheap, slutty whore?" and he spanked her again.

"Oh yes, Sir, I'm sorry, I just love your cock inside me so much and I need it bad, I sorry, Sir."

He didn't respond, he spread her pussy lips and asked, "How many times has this old cunt had a cock it? He rammed two fingers in and finger-fucked her with force."

"Oh. . .hundreds. . .thousands but I want yours the most, its so thick and hard, no one has ever fucked me like you do, Sir."

"You should thank me for sticking my cock in an old, used cunt like this," and his fingers worked harder.

"I do thank you Sir; I thank you every time you fuck me with your big, beautiful cock."

"I like to hear you say that you horny slut, get on your knees." 

Gail got down onto her knees beside the bed and Josh stood in front of her. "Alright, you know what to do," he said.

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir, oh thank you Sir," Gail said sounding grateful and she unzipped his jeans and pulled them down. His cock sprang into view, I saw it clearly for the first time and it was very long, thick and hard. Gail stared at it but did not touch it. Josh held his erection and stroked it then held it up against his stomach. "Suck my balls, slut," he demanded and Gail leaned forward and licked and sucked his bag while she fingered herself. "Okay whore, tell me what your mouth is for."

"It's for your cock, Sir, to fuck and if you want, to fill with cum," Gail said as she looked up at him.

"Open."

Gail opened her mouth and Josh held her head with both hands and rammed his cock in and bucked his hips. He fucked her mouth in a way that I would never have thought of doing and there was no doubt she was enjoying it. I had to stop stroking my cock for I was close to shooting my wad over the closet door.

When he pulled out Gail was gasping and he picked her up and pushed her over the edge of the bed. "Spread your legs," he ordered and she opened them very wide. He looked down at her bent over the bed, her ass and pussy very exposed to him. "That's a good position for a fucking slut, legs spread and a hungry, old pussy spread. Are you ready for some cock, slut?" he asked as he stroked his big erection.

"Oh yes, Sir, stick your cock in my wet cunt and fuck it hard, I want to feel you hot cum splash inside me," Gail panted with excitement.

He spanked each cheek of her ass then rammed his cock into her without mercy. Gail moaned loudly as her fucked her rougher than I had ever thought of doing. He grabbed her hands and held them behind her back as her continued to slam into her.

She just moaned, "Yes, yes, fuck me Sir, fuck your slut, fill my cunt with cum," over and over.

I could see Gail's lovely ass from my hiding place and it looked so erotic the way it moved every time Josh slammed hard into her. The sound his cock was making told me that her pussy was super wet and that and her erotic and filthy words were too much for me and I shot a heavy load somewhere into the darkness of the closet.

Josh turned Gail over and pounded her as he stood beside the bed then they finished off fucking doggy-style with a lot of mutual moaning and screaming at the end. They collapsed together on the bed in each other's arms and kissed passionately. "I love acting as your slut, it's something I could never do with John somehow but with you it seems so natural. . .and horny. Your mature, horny slut, it turns me on so much," Gail said as she lazily teased his hair.

"Me too, I'm so glad you suggested it. I had sex with two older women when I was in Africa, one black and the other white but they came nowhere close to you. I find you so erotic and sensual especially when you dress up like this for me, I could fuck you every day."

They kissed briefly then Gail said, "I wished you could but now it's time for you to go," and she tousled his hair.

After Josh left Gail took a quick shower, dressed and left in her car. I made my way back to my car and drove home. When Gail came home I was having a cold drink by the pool and she called out that she had got a couple of nice steaks for supper. While I was waiting for her to come home I realized how much I had been turned on by watching her with Josh. My cock still tingled at the memory of her as a mature slut for a young stud with a big cock. I had decided to say nothing and look for opportunities to watch her again and at some point I hoped to tell her I knew and watch openly, join in and perhaps find other studs for her. Josh's comment about the black woman in Africa had stuck with me and I thought watching a young black stud with a huge dick fuck Gail would be very exciting.

A few days later I saw the airport limo pull up next door and a tanned Molly and Bill staggered up the path with bags and made their way inside. We had them over for dinner the following evening and heard all about their fun in the sun.

I couldn't get watching Gail out of my mind and the opportunity arose two days after Molly and Bill arrived back home. I told Gail I had signed up for an all day seminar about birding in Costa Rica and Belize and would be gone from about 8:30-3:00. I knew she had an appointment with the hairdresser at 9:00 so I hoped my plan would work and I would go undetected while I watched from my hiding place. I knew the plan was full of holes; Gail might meet Josh in the pool house again or in any room in the house but I was banking that they would use the bedroom. I parked at the lake again and walked back to the house through the ravine. I was so excited that my heart raced and I had to tell myself to calm down. Sure enough Gail's car was gone and I made my way to the bedroom. I turned the TV on and the volume down low. About an hour later I heard a car in the driveway and looked out to see Gail open the door. I turned off the TV and ensconced myself in the closet. Gail came upstairs and removed her clothes and went into the bathroom. After freshening up she put on a half-cup bra, black garter belt, fishnet stockings and stilettos. My cock was so hard and I had a strong urge to open the door and fuck her myself. She sat on the edge of the bed and picked up the phone, "Hi, I missed you so much. . .yes, I'm ready. . .can you come now. . .right, the back door is open." She hung up the phone and took a quick glance out the window then stood in front of the full-length mirror. She caressed her big tits then turned and looked back as she felt her ass. Facing the mirror again, she toyed with her pussy and spoke in a low tone, "Oh, hurry up, I've missed you so much, I want your huge cock inside me."
