 I walked out of Dan's house at about 12 minutes past 10 on that Sunday night, my left arm was linked with my daughter Rachel's. The smiles on our faces said it all. We both had that look that said we just had the best sexual experience we've ever had in our lives.

A slight breeze blew past my exposed legs as a slither of Dan's cum oozed out from my stretched pussy and trickled down my left leg. I spread my legs a little wider as I walked, hoping the breeze would help dry the cum more quickly. 

The walk home took less than 30 seconds as I approached the back of our family home entering via the kitchen sliding door. Rachel quickly ran upstairs to her bedroom with a spring in her step I had not seen before. I walked casually into the master bedroom which was downstairs and started removing my clothes, first my blouse then my shorts, dumping them into the laundry basket as I sauntered into the walk-in robe of the master bedroom.

Just as I entered the walk-in robe, I felt a pair of hands fondle my breasts from behind.

"Hello Darling, you're home late." Steve said as he caressed my breasts from behind planting kisses on my shoulder.

"Yes, Rachel and I have just been making Dan feel at home in the neighbourhood. He's a great guy. I think Rachel really likes him." I said casually.

I turned around to face my husband Steve, he stood naked, the head of his cock poked out from beneath his bushy pubic hair. I tried to convince him to shave down there in the past but he's a traditionalist and wouldn't budge. Steve had a slim build, he had a hairy chest. His cock at attention was about 4.5 inches long and 2 inches wide. He gave me three wonderful children so we know it works, but it just didn't satisfy my voracious sexual appetite.

"You smell really good, what perfume are you wearing?" Steve said as he kissed me moving his hands under my bottom.

"Oh... it's this new shower gel I'm trying out." I replied, the shower gel was Dan's.

"I like it, just the smell of it is making me hard." Steve said as he pressed his cock up against my inner thigh, his pre-cum began leaking on to my left leg.

"Mmmm Steve. What have we here?" I said as ran my fingers through his pubic hair and down the length of his cock.

"I want you so bad honey". He whispered as his cock stiffened pressing up against my clitoris and waxed pussy.

"Darling take me to our marital bed and make love to me like the horny husband I know you are." I whimpered as I jumped into his arms, sliding the tip of his cock between my moist pussy lips.

Steve was strong for his size as he lifted me up by my shapely bottom with ease. I wrapped my legs around the small of his back, as I rubbed my pussy against his hard cock. 

Steve carried me to our marital bed, and laid me down on my back. I held my legs up in a V shape, waiting for him to get between them. Steve loved my long legs, I worked hard to keep them in shape. He pressed down with both his hands, one on each of my ankles and slowly spread my legs as far as he could while still holding onto my feet. He slid his hands from my ankles to my knees as he got onto his knees and positioned his hard cock at the entrance to my still dripping wet pussy. 

Some of Dan's remaining cum gushed out from inside of my pussy as Steve thrusted his cock as deep as he could inside my waiting twat. Steve pressed himself against my pelvis and held himself there for about 20 seconds enjoying wetness and warmth of my pussy.

"Oh Honey, you're so wet and juicy. It feels so warm in here!" Steve moaned as he began to thrust in and out of me. 

"Yesssss Steve baby, it's because you make me so wet with your big cock." I screamed a little white lie.

"Unnnghhh, yeah Esther, honey. I love your pussy. I love the way it wraps around my cock perfectly." Steve said as he started thrusting in and out of my pussy faster and faster. I moved my hips upwards matching his furious thrusts so as to make him go deeper inside me.

I gripped his cock as tightly as I could by tensing the walls of my vagina. Tension started to build up at the base of Steve's cock as he continued vehemently thrusting harder and harder.

"Get ready baby, Papa's about to shoot a big load inside you." Steve said as his cock began throbbing uncontrollably. Little spurts of cum began shooting inside me as Steve's cum mixed with Dan's. 

"Oh honey! Oh my, you came so much. Look it's leaking out of me." I replied running my hands through the hair on his chest.

Steve pulled me close and kissed me passionately on the lips. I kissed him back just as passionately giving his butt a little squeeze. Steve pulled back and smiled at me, kissing me on the forehead before rolling over and was fast asleep. He even started to snore; I was too tired from the day's activity to berate him for not spooning with me that I too fell asleep. 

***

The alarm clock on my cell phone went off. I reached over and silenced the alarm with the power button. I looked at the time and groaned, it was 5 am. I had been waking up at 5 am every morning for the past 4 months trying to transform my body, as I had put on a little weight over the winter months. I looked over my shoulder at my husband still fast asleep. Sometimes I wonder if he has even noticed the change in my body or even appreciates the body I've sculpted for him. 

I slipped out of bed and walked to my dresser and picked up my favourite deodorant. I gave my pussy a quick spray before turning to look at myself in the mirror. My shoulder length dark blonde hair was all over the place. I smoothed it out with my hands before tying it in a ponytail at the back. 

Now that my hair was out of the way, I turned slightly so I could see my whole body in the full length mirror. I ran my hands slowly down from my breasts, they used to be a D cup but they were slightly smaller now thanks to Jenny from boot camp. Not that I was complaining the training made my body firm all over. Now my breasts didn't just droop, they were firm and perky. If you had to guess my age, you'd say I looked like a 25 year old woman fresh out of college. In reality I was a 39 year old woman who's had three kids.

I moved my hands down to my abs which aside from the bit where the scar from the emergency C-section was completely flat and firm. Not bad for a 38 year old, who has given birth to three kids, I thought to myself. Michelle Bridges eat your heart out, I grinned as I pulled on my tight green bicycle shorts over my firm round ass giving them a little squeeze. I was quite proud of my ass, and I loved the way they looked in these figure hugging shorts. Rachel would kill for my ass, hers was like her fathers, completely flat. One good thing she got from me were my boobs. She was already a full C cup, I wonder if she was still growing.

Looking through my underwear drawer I noticed all my sports bras were in the wash. I wasn't going to run in my frilly lace bras so I slipped on my tight white dri-fit running t-shirt and tied it underneath my breasts showing my mid-riff. I put on my Asics Kayano running shoes and sped out the door.

I loved the smell of morning dew in the air, it was so refreshing especially with a slight drizzle. I made my way down to the river trail as I usually do every morning, my chest felt a little breezy, I looked down and saw that the knot came undone and my breasts heaving away. 

I re-tied the bottom of the t-shirt underneath my breasts to support them better this time I tied it with a double knot. My mind drifted to thoughts of the events of the past couple of days. Of all the men I've slept with in my twenty something years of being sexually active I have never met anyone who drove me as crazy as Dan did, his every touch made my skin tingle. Never have I gone back for seconds so quickly after sleeping with a stranger once.

Dan, my pussy moistened at the thought of him; my feet continued to pound the dirt trail, stride by stride my legs moved, I loved the open air, it usually cleared my thoughts and refresh and revitalise me so that I would ready for the day ahead, however on this particular day, my thoughts kept returning back to my wayward thoughts of Dan cumming deep inside my pussy over and over filling me with his delicious cum.

The realisation that I was infatuated with Dan had just hit me as my pussy started leaking. You could say I'm more infatuated with Dan than I was when I first met my husband Steve back in high school.

Steve. He was my high school sweetheart, what's happened to us? Where did we go wrong? Where did our spark go and when did I start sleeping with other people? My brain drifted back to Dan again as I continued jogging. Thinking back, if I had to pick a moment of when it all started I would say it was that time about 2 years ago, when Steve was away on business as he'd gotten a big contract up state and would be away for six months. He was always working and was never at home, before he went away we hadn't had sex for over a year already. 

That particular summer, school holidays had just started and I had sent them to stay with their grandparent's interstate on the Gold Coast. I stayed behind as I couldn't get time off work and wouldn't be able to stay home and keep an eye on them, and Steve was in WA working.

The boys next door (where Dan lived now) were having a party to celebrate them graduating from University and I'd baked them a cake to help them celebrate. I hadn't let myself go then but I was little curvier than I was now, I wasn't as toned. That night I felt a little promiscuous going to a party with 21 year old's. 

I decided to dress up in this figure hugging black number that showed off my curves and D cup breasts and my full rounded behind. The G-string I wore was so skimpy that there was barely any material covering me at all, it had a little triangle which sat over the entrance to my pussy and that was it. 

Topping off my look I slipped on my 5 inch high black heels. I hadn't worn heels in a very long time and it was a bit awkward at first. I practised walking in my kitchen before walking over across the lawn in them. 

I arrived carrying the cake I'd freshly baked and knocked on the door. Simon greeted me at the door.

"Hi Mrs D!" Simon said "Welcome to our graduation party!" 

"Thanks Simon, are you going to show me in or are you just going to stand at the door while you look at me?" I said cheekily as I noticed his eyes trying to look down my top.

"Sorry Mrs D. Right this way!" Simon said as he walked me to the back room where some boys were playing pool. 

There were a couple of people on the deck smoking some sort of pipe. I was a little early as I wasn't planning on having a late night. There weren't many people in there yet just a couple of the boys playing pool on the billiard table.

I recognised one of the boys playing pool his name was Jesse, he was Simon's housemate. I didn't recognise the other boy who appeared to be schooling Jesse at pool. Jess still had 5 balls remaining while this other boy was about to pot the eight ball. 

I tried to get a closer look at him as I positioned myself in the corner of the room. He must have caught me staring at him as he looked up at me and gave me a smile and a wink as he potted the eight ball finishing the game. All the boys screamed in glee as they all took shots of Tequila.

He grabbed both cue sticks and walked over towards me, the fluorescent lights beamed onto him as we walked towards me. I could see him clearly now, he was 6'2, with a blonde hair and trimmed beard. He wore a white t-shirt with designer jeans. He looked like he just stepped out of the Hollywood movie.

"Hi, I'm Jake and you must be the goddess I've been hearing about?"

"Excuse me?" I replied.

"Oops, my bad. You're Esther right? From next door?" 

"Yes, that's me."

"You look even more ravishing in person than Simon had said you look."

"I don't know what to say, umm thanks Jake." 

"Not a problem." He said as he lifted my hand towards his mouth and kissed it lightly.

I shifted my legs as my pussy began to stir, I pulled my hand away and smiled at Jake as I took another sip of my beer. I was drawn in to his eyes, there were maybe 15-20 other people around but I was only focused on Jake.

"Care to play a game with me, Esther? Or would you prefer I call you Mrs. D?" Jake asked politely.

"No, Esther is fine and sure, I'll play. What are the rules?" I asked.

"Each ball your opponent gets in, you have to take a shot."

"Seems fair. What to do you get if you win?"

"Well, we have to play for something, how about if I lose I take off my t-shirt."

"And if you win?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.

"You have to give me a kiss. On the lips."

I'd had a couple of bottles of beer in me already and I was so enamoured by him I replied 

"Sure Stud, why not?" without even thinking about what I was saying.

"Well pretty lady, I rack. You break." He said as he passed me the cue-stick and began racking the balls on the table.

Jake stood at the opposite end of the table watching me as I bent forward and positioned the cue-ball. As I lined up my shot, Jake had a clear view of my breasts as they jiggled when I pulled my shot. 

It was a good break and I'd gotten two balls in however, only one of them was mine. It was still my turn but we both had to take a shot of vodka. Geeze it was strong stuff, as I held back a cough so as to not look weak in front of the boys. I was on the yellow balls, I lined up my next short, left corner pocket off the top rail. It went in! I jumped up as high as I could and screamed in glee as Jake swilled his vodka with ease. I went for my next shot but it bounced in and out of the pocket. 

"My turn, pretty lady" Jake said as he took hold of his cue stick. 

I moved to the corner and watched as he hit the next 4 balls in. Slam, Slam, Slam. The boy didn't miss! I took the four shots of vodka like a champion by my head was beginning to swirl a little. I looked at the next shot, it would be a straight shot but a long one.

The competitive fire in me burned like never before as I walked in direct line of sight of where Jake was lining up his shot. As he was pulling back, I bent down and pretended to do the straps on my black sandal heels. I felt the cue-ball hit me square on the left cheek as it bounced off me and onto the ground. 

"Hey!" I screamed in drunken glee. "What was that for?" I said rubbing my sore left butt cheek.

"Sorry Esther, I must have slipped." He said apologetically.

"It's okay. My turn now, right?" I said as I picked up the cue-ball giving Jake another eyeful of my voluptuous behind. 

Since it was so figure hugging, I didn't wear any underwear as I didn't want people to see the lines underneath.

I lined up my shot, as he'd hit the ball of the table, I could set up the ball anywhere. I hit the next 4 shots with ease even in my drunken state. There was two balls left then the eight ball, I looked up and smiled at Jake as I hit the next two balls in. There was now a crowd watching us play. Simon was standing in the corner watching, I walked over to him and whispered.

"Simon, why is everyone watching us?" I queried.

"Because no one has ever beaten Jake. He's won tournaments around the state." Simon said.

The look of shock in my face could be seen as I went to line up the final eight ball. It was hard up against top rail and the cue-ball was right of centre on the opposite end an inch off the rail. All I had to do was graze the eight ball and I'd win. Jake's balls were clear of the eight ball.

As I lined up my shot for the eight ball, just as I was about to pull the shot, Jake grinned at me as he took his t-shirt off. Showing his perfect abs and pectoral muscles. It was too late to stop as the cue ball fell short.

"Nice shot, Esther!" Jake grinned as he walked passed me carefully putting his left hand on my left cheek where the cue-ball had hit me earlier. 

"I'll massage this better later." He whispered as he winked.

"Ummmm, what?" I stammered as he began potting balls left right and centre.

Before I realised, I was offered two shots of vodka by Simon. I slammed the first one down as the sound of the eight ball entering the pocket clanged. Just as I finished the second one I felt one big hand softly caressing my lower back and the other cupping my left butt cheek. Jake kissed me passionately on the lips, I didn't resist. In fact I kissed him back as my tongue began massaging his as I pulled his body closer my hands running down his chiselled abs. As our lips intertwined as the crowd cheered us on.

"Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!" The crowd was cheering, thinking I must be one of the university girls. I certainly felt at that moment like I was in my early 20's again. 

I'd lost the game, but I didn't realise at the time that I had lost something else entirely. Something had snapped inside of me and it was pure lust in motion. I was in the moment and I didn't care that there were 20 odd people watching me as I passionately kissed the most handsome man in the room. Jake's hand went from underneath my butt cheek and in between my lefts as he deftly hid the fact his fingers were inside my dripping wet pussy. I stopped for a breath as I whispered in Jake's ear.

"Is there some place we can go for some privacy?" I said hungrily nibbling on his ear, wrapping my legs around the small of Jake's back.

"Sure is. SIMON!! I'm using your bed!" Jake yelled to the cheer of the crowd. 

I hid my face in Jake's chest as he carried me to Simon's bedroom, as soon as we entered the bedroom, I ripped the belt off his pants as he threw me on the bed. Jake was removing his jeans as I pulled my little black dress over my head releasing my 32D breasts. I crawled to the edge of the bed as Jake released his thick veiny cock. It was about 7 inches in length and about 3.5 inches in girth. 

Before Jake could remove his legs from the jeans I had him deep in my mouth straight down my throat as I suckled his sweet nectar. His cock was recently shaven, maybe 1-2 days ago, as I could feel the little bits of hair sticking up as I slid slowly down the length of his cock. I worked the head of his cock with my tongue, massaging it from left to right while I continued sucking. 

"Ohhhh goddd Mrs. D. Stop! Stop!" Jake screamed as he grabbed my hair trying to pull me off.

This only made me go harder as I deep-throat-ed him again and again.

"Shit! I can't hold on. I'm going to cummmmm!" Jake screamed as he shot thick streams of cum down my throat. I swallowed everything he gave me as I pulled back with a plop sound.

Jake's cock went limp as a dead possum as it left my mouth. I grinned as him as I licked my lips clean of his cum.

"Now it's my turn, stud!" I motioned "come" with my pointer finger as I leaned back into the bed spreading my legs wide with my right hand spreading my pussy lips for the eager young man.

"I... I can't Mrs. D" Jake stammered.

"What do you mean you can't? I thought I told you to call me Esther." I said angrily.

"Well.. after I cum, it takes me at least an hour to get hard again." Jake said about to cry.

"Well fuck me... What's a girl to do to get fucked around here?" I yelled at him in drunken rage. I moved forward and began tugging away at his cock trying to make him hard. "You're telling me that this hot body of mine can't get you hard?" 

"I'm... I'm sorry Esther... it's just the way I'm wired..." Jake said whimpering.

I slapped his cock away in disgust, "Ughh! Get out!" I yelled pointing to the door. 

"Yes... yess... yes..." he said as he tried to pull up his jeans his cock getting stuck in the zipper in the process.

"Now!" I said as I threw the pillow at his as he fell over with his legs tangled. He kicked them off as he grabbed the pillow and ran out the door crying with is cock in full view of everyone. 
