 Ken and Leanne had met in 1971 in school. They were attracted to each other, no doubt about that, but Leanne was already engaged and Ken had a steady girl friend so, as a matter of social mandate, rules are rules after all, they just smiled and talked and silently recognized the bond they had. 

Did you ever think about the "one that got away?" Did you ever wonder how life would have turned out had you pursued that person, instead of this one? It's not a full-blown regret because you don't really know if the other person would have responded but, still, it's a tiny pebble in your mental shoe. You can shake it out of the way, but you can't dump it out. It pops to the top of your mind, in a daydream, when you don't expect it. For Ken and for Leanne, each was the other's nagging seed of curiosity, the long-term "I wonder what..." It's like an itch that comes up from time to time, gets casual attention, and then hibernates again but is never truly scratched to rest.

Then, before you know it, thirty years pass. Careers are pursued, kids are raised, cities are visited, tummies grow and shrink, hair falls out and what's left changes color, money is compiled, and waists expand. All in all, satisfactory lives are led and it all happens in the blink of an eye. Yes, Ken, you actually are 54 years old, struggling to lose weight and your opinion is really sought by people you respect. Holy smokes, I'm old! 

Then, one day, Leanne sent Ken an email. "Are you the same Ken who attended Control Data Institute in 1971? I have one of your books and I'm intent on returning all of the books I've borrowed." It was a nice note, carefully written, friendly. Ken read it and if there had been an EKG monitoring his heart and an EEG attached to his brain both of them would have signaled, "TILT!" Ken was transported instantly back 30 years, he could hear her voice, see her smile. He could list all the things that he was attracted to then. Her casual hair, her sparse but precise make up, her clear intelligence, her philosophy that suggested that she would hurt no one, hold no one as enemy – all of these were a sweet, clear picture in Ken's mind in an instant. Leanne flashed into his brain, fully formed, comely, attractive, just as she was thirty years ago. It was a wave of realization; it was an epiphany.

Leanne had no real desire to return the book. She knew that the book was no issue to Ken and really didn't care about it at all. Her marriage, sometimes rocky, had settled into tolerability. Her youngest had just graduated from High School. She was an enormously bright person and her style of thought led her to introspection, to an examination of her life. And that led her to Ken. "I'll write him about this book," she thought. "It'll be fun to see how he responds."

"Okay," Ken thought, "I'll write back, confessing my identity but telling her I'm more interested in her than in the book. We'll see." And so he did. 

For the next three weeks, Leanne and Ken kept up a lively, almost daily, correspondence. Sometimes they'd meet online in a chat environment and have a typed, live conversation.

Over the net they chatted about millions of things. They shared their views about semi-successful marriages and a person's obligations to adulthood. Ken called it "obligations to manhood," saying that a man accepts responsibility for his life and the lives of his family and, to a lesser degree, the lives of his employees. They both took responsibility seriously. That's why they stayed in marital situations that were less than ideal. It wasn't only the fear of being on their own, it was also the impossibility doing something for themselves at the expense of hurting other people. It was just too high a price to pay, no matter how much relief or fun was offered. This is a thought process that comes from maturity and it is as frustrating as it is satisfying. 

Then, one morning, on the net, things got out of hand. Both Ken and Leanne are conservative people, neither given to any but the most reserved behavior. Ken would NEVER talk about sex to someone he hardly knew -- it just wasn't in him. He was quick to blush. Leanne was the same, a woman with a position in the community, respected and demure. But in this early morning conversation, and for the first time for either of them, they produced an imaginary van, walked out to it, and step by step, faster and hotter than ever before, Ken took Leanne's clothes off and made love to her with her enthusiastic participation. It was the first time at cyber sex for both.

Ken was shocked and delighted! Leanne was shocked and embarrassed, but wet and horny at the same time. Leanne used her vibrator to finish her orgasm before she left for work and Ken went into the bathroom and masturbated, eyes closed, seeing Leanne beneath him. What a surprise! What a delight!

In the next conversation, they agreed to meet. Ken lived in Texas, Leanne was still near Detroit. It would be fairly easy for Ken to get away for a few days but Leanne said that she couldn't reasonably be out for the whole night. Still, Ken could fly in on Tuesday, they could meet Tuesday afternoon for conversation and an early dinner. Then, if they wanted, Leanne could take the whole day Wednesday and spend it with Ken. They promised each other no pressure and no obligation for intimacy. 

Neither of them appeared visibly disappointed at their meeting. As arranged, Ken was waiting for her at the nearby restaurant, a ten-minute walk from the Embassy Suites. Ken wore a sports jacket, open shirt, dress slacks and Leanne had on a nice white blouse under a light green vest. Black slacks and flat shoes completed her outfit.

They each had just one drink before dinner. Neither decided on the steak, Ken had fish and Leanne the Chicken Kiev. Ken ordered a bottle of wine, a white Graves, which was served a little too cold so he asked the waiter to take the ice bucket away. "This wine is plenty cold enough," Ken said.

It's impossible to catch up on 30 years in one evening but it's so much fun to try. They talked about everything! Leanne and Ken alternated telling the other about their children. They talked about business, they laughed about Dave Berry, they talked about their marriages. Both said "yes" to coffee but "no" to desert. 

Ken said, "Please come back to the room for a minute. I'd like to show you the progress I've made on my book." Leanne hesitated a bit. She smiled and said, "Okay."

Walking back to the hotel, they held hands. It seemed like the most natural thing in the world, as though Leanne's hand had always been held by Ken's and Ken's hand had always been filled by hers. With about 5 minutes to go, Ken stopped, pulled her gently to him, put his finger under her chin and tilted her face up. He kissed her. She returned the kiss, and then made it passionate. She opened her mouth to his and their tongues touched and that intimate, wet, hot touch sent electrical ripples through Ken's body. His erection was immediate and Leanne could feel it as he held her tight, tummy to tummy.

In the room, Ken offered Leanne a "light scotch and water." Since the ice was already there, it was easy to fill two glasses with ice cubes, pour the scotch and add the water. Before handing her a glass, Ken took off his jacket.

"This is the living room," Ken said. "It has a nice couch, a comfortable chair, a table suitable for dining with a guest and this small kitchen area: sink, cupboard and microwave. Here is the bathroom and, if you'll just step this way, miss, through here is the bedroom." Leanne smiled and saying nothing let him lead her into the bedroom.

Ken took the drink from Leanne's hand and set both glasses down on the nearest bedside table. He took her into his arms, kissing her and turning her so he could walk her backwards toward the king-size bed. The bedspread had been removed and the bed covers and top sheet turned down. Slowly and ever so gently Ken pushed Leanne onto the bed, first sitting and then laying down. Leanne smiled again, and said, "Uh oh."

"Shhh." Ken said kissing her ear and unbuttoning the vest she wore. With the vest open Ken passed his hand over her blouse touching her collarbones, her breasts, both of them, then her tummy and over the waistband of her pants, lightly touching between her legs. Now Leanne was getting warm, warmer, moving sexily to his touch. He unbuttoned her blouse, still kissing her mouth, then her chin and neck and then her eyelids, forcing her eyes to close.

He had a fleeting thought that it was odd that none of these buttons were difficult. Her blouse, all the way unbuttoned, he undid her belt and the button at the top of her pants, then the zipper. Leanne rolled a bit toward him as he reached behind her to unhook her bra. He did that quickly, just pinching the ends together with a finger and thumb. The bra fell open. "How did you do that?" Leanne asked. Ken whispered, "Beginner's luck!" She laughed softly.

Leanne was now naked from the waist up; her beautiful breasts were exposed and her nipples were erect. Ken stood and quickly took off all of his clothes, shoes first, then shirt, pants and underpants together and his socks, standing on one foot at a time to remove them. It seemed to both of them instantaneous. 

Ken, completely naked, bent down and took the waistband of her pants and the elastic of her red panties in his hands together. She bought her body up a bit and he pulled both pants and panties down her legs and free of her feet. He tossed them ostentatiously into the corner of the room. He knelt on one knee and took both socks off of her feet, one at a time.

Leanne scooted up a bit, head on the pillow, and just looked at him, and at his erection. She opened her arms to him, smiling. He joined her, lying beside her, kissing her lips, their tongues playing with each other. Ken moved his hand all over her, lightly touching her breasts then squeezing just a bit and playing with the nipple. He moved his hand up and down her back three or four times then moving lower to her ass. From behind, he reached to touch her pussy, noticing that it was very wet. Leanne sighed, and brushed Ken's cock with her hand, then held it tightly. 

Ken's erection pulsed at Leanne's touch. He turned to kiss her tummy and she turned too. Ken kissed and licked Leanne's thighs and the lower tummy just where her pubic hair stopped. Then lower, to her pussy, gently licking up and down, putting his tongue inside her from time to time. Ken put his first two fingers inside her, licking and sucking at her clit. Leanne was breathing faster now, she turned further, getting her hand back on Ken's cock then kissing the purple head of his cock. She bent to him and sucked the head into her mouth, sucking strongly and tickling the tip of his cock with her tongue. Then she removed her mouth, flicked the head of his cock with her tongue and licked the underside of his shaft all the way to his balls and then back up to the top. Ken drew in a breath sharply and, turning, said, " I have to be inside you right now, Leanne ." 

Although she had never said anything like it before in her life, never thought it, and certainly never, ever dreamed she'd ever say it out loud, now, quietly, she said, "Yes, Ken, fuck me now. Please fuck me."

He opened her legs and, supporting himself on his hands, with clear space between their torsos, they both looked down and watched his cock at the entrance to her pussy enter it just a little, hesitate, and then disappear deep into her wet pussy.

Leanne had her first orgasm at once, wrapping her legs all the around Ken's waist and squeezing. "Oh, yes, Ken you're filling me up!" 

Ken was breathing hard, driving into her as hard as he could. "I'm going to cum, now." And he filled her pussy with his juices. They rolled on their sides, holding each other tight while their breathing slowed and their heart rates returned to normal.

"Will you come back tomorrow morning, Sweetheart?" Ken asked her.

"Oh, yes," she answered.