 A couple of weeks earlier, Nell had noticed the moving van in front of the neighbor's house. She wondered who had moved in, but didn't think much about it. She was surprised to hear her doorbell ring late Saturday afternoon, and to find her new neighbor, Joe, standing outside the door. He introduced himself, and said he was hoping they could get to know each other, since he didn't really know anyone yet in town. A grin spread across Nell's face ear to ear, and she said, "Yeah, that would be great. I'm happy to be the welcome wagon. How about if I come over in an hour or so, make you a nice dinner, and we can chat?"

Nell spent the hour getting ready, choosing a sexy black skirt with a very high slit and a silky cream-colored blouse. Under the skirt, she wore nothing at all, and under the blouse just a camisole. She touched her nipples to make them erect, wanting to be sure that they showed nicely through the thin fabrics. Perfect!

She knocked on his door promptly when the hour was up. As he let her in, his eyes traveled from the top of her head to the tips of her toes. He poured some wine and they chatted a bit, laughing and touching each other's arms as they became more comfortable. Then, Nell stood up and said, "Guess I better get busy cooking that dinner. Can I get you some more wine?"

Joe said, "I'll get it. Better grab you an apron." He returned from the kitchen, handed her a green and white checkered apron, and sat down and relaxed. She gave him a wicked smile, quickly undid every button on her blouse, shrugged out of it, and let it drop to the floor.

Joe could see her perfect round breasts and hard nipples through the camisole for a moment, before Nell pulled that off too in one quick movement. As she slipped on the apron and tied it in the back, she said, "There, that's better. Wouldn't want to spill on my blouse."

"Oh yeah," Joe agreed, "That'll do nicely." He rearranged the front of his pants a little and watched her big tits jiggle as she rummaged in the fridge for some meat and veggies for a stir fry. She played with her nipples from time to time as she chopped and prepared, hoping that he was keeping an eye on her, hoping that he was pleased. When the oil was hot, she dumped in the marinated meat. It sizzled, and some of the splashing oil caught her on her tender breasts. Nell yelped from the sudden pain, but Joe just smiled and said, "I guess that's what happens to nasty girls who cook topless."

Nell walked over, stopped just in front of Joe, and locked eyes with him. She unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor, stepping out of it and turning in one smooth move. She heard the little gasp of pleasure that escaped Joe's lips as he saw the apron ties dangling over her bare bottom. She switched her fanny, headed back to the stove, and didn't say anything at all.

When all was ready and Nell had served dinner, they chatted and laughed their way through the delicious meal. Joe was still in his t-shirt and jeans, while Nell enjoyed the freedom and Joe's obvious pleasure at her body clad in only an apron. He could hardly take his eyes off her as she cleared the table and ran the water to do the dishes. As she stood with her hands in the soapy water, Joe came up behind her, reached around her, and started to tweak her nipples, pulling on them, massaging her breasts.

Nell slowly moved her hands to hold onto the counter. She pushed firmly back against him. With a satisfied smile she felt his rock-hard cock against her ass, and noticed that he had on only his boxers now. He continued to rub her nipples between his strong fingers, Starting at the point and tracing around the nipple.

Nell wiggled her ass, wanting to feel him pressing between her cheeks. She let out a moan as she moved her hips up and down and back and fourth. She shivered to feel his length grow and harden even more as she worked him to a frenzied state. Joe gave a low growl and slowly planted kisses along her back. Tracing his tongue slowly up to the back of her neck, his fingers traced up from her nipples and along her mouth.

Nell was positive what she wanted. She tried to spin around, but couldn't. He whispered in her ear, "You're not wet enough yet." Then, he blew on her ear and licked around her ear lobe. He slowly sucked it into his mouth, nibbling on her, which caused a tremor to shake through Nell. He moved his hand down her stomach, his fingers tracing into her belly button. And then he moved lower. He pressed her from behind with his hips, pushing her closer to his hand. His finger traced around the outside of her pussy. He touched her lightly, coating his fingers, and brought them up to her mouth. Nell tried to suck her juices off his fingers, but Joe just ran them over her lips, which she licked eagerly. 

She reached down, wanting so badly to pull his cock from his boxer shorts. "I am so wet for you," she said, trembling. But Joe pushed her firmly against the sink, continued to rub against her ass. She focused on him, rubbing against him. This is what she wanted and needed. She needed to be rubbed. Wanted to feel his hardness in her.

While she ground her bottom against him, Joe reached forward and grabbed the water sprayer near the sink and turned on the water. Pinning her against the counter, he sprayed her breasts with cold water, not allowing her to move. He sprayed her face as well, getting some of her hair wet. She screamed from the sudden coldness of the water. He whispered in her ear, "Now you are slippery and wet."

"I love being wet for you," Nell breathed out, still gasping from the shock of the cold. She tried to turn a little, wanting to get her hot little hands on his throbbing cock, longing to stroke it, hungering to taste it. But, Joe had another idea. He held her pinned as she clung to the counter, her legs weak with excitement. With one strong hand, he directed her legs apart and in a quick thrust, he jammed his middle finger into her pussy as far as it would go.

Nell still leaned over the sink, dripping, spread-eagled against the counter, moaning in delight. He made a circle inside her, twisting first one finger and then two around and around. "You like it deep inside you? That's a good girl -- move your hips for me. God, you have a gorgeous ass."

Nell's movements became frantic. She gyrated on Joe's fingers, feeling close to explosion. But, slowly Joe pulled his fingers out again, and moved them to her lips. This time he let her suck eagerly. Then he loosened his hold and led her over to the table. "Lie back on the table, my horny little one," Joe directed. 

Nell liked the sound of this new game, gave him a quick wink, perched her round ass on the edge of the table, arched her back, and relaxed backward until she rested on the table. Her breasts, round nipples still hot and erect, were now the centerpiece. "Wait there," Joe ordered, "Don't move." Nell tried to remain as still as possible, very eager to do exactly as he said, very much wanting him to find her pleasing. She was filled with a delicious mix of slight apprehension and very great excitement about what he might be planning.

She watched out of the corner of her eye as he turned on a burner on the stove, adjusted the dancing flame, filled a small pan with water, and put it on to heat. Joe looked with satisfaction and hunger at Nell, spread on the table for his enjoyment. Then he found a jar of hot fudge in the cupboard. He put it in the water on the stove to get nice and hot and gooey. Then, he turned to the freezer and came up with a pint of ice cream. As he walked toward the table, he said, "We're both going to have a treat now, my hot and horny little neighbor."

Joe dipped one finger into the ice cream, pulled out a creamy dollop, and dropped it into the valley between Nell's huge tits. Nell shivered from head to toe as the ice cream melted, running down toward her belly button. Joe dipped in again, and rubbed some of the freezing cream on Nell's right nipple. Nell squirmed with delight at the sensation of the freezing ice cream on her hot tit. Joe leaned over and ever so gently licked it off, pulling the nipple into his mouth and running his tongue slowly over it.

Nell wanted more. She looked at Joe, dipped her own finger into the ice cream, dropped it on her breast again, and offered it to him, sitting up just a little so she could place her nipple directly in his waiting mouth. This time he sucked hard and eagerly, finishing off the ice cream but still sucking, raking her nipple with his teeth. At seemingly the same moment, they both noticed that the water was boiling...the hot fudge was ready.

Joe got up, placing Nell's hands around her own legs. "Keep em spread for me, baby," he said. Joe opened the hot fudge jar, sooooo hot. He got a bowl and spoon and slowly poured some into the bowl, letting Nell see the fudge fall from the spoon, like it would be falling soon on her waiting and tender flesh.

He leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Where should we test the temp of the fudge, little one?" He knew that Nell wanted some on the tip of each nipple, wanted to feel that burn a little, wanted to beg Joe to lick it off.

"Hold very still," Joe said, taking the spoon out and letting some fudge drip onto her right nipple. Nell closed her eyes to fight the sting and arched her back. Joe spooned more onto Nell's other breast. Both nipples were covered in hot fudge. Nell started to massage her breast hoping to relieve some of the pain from the hot fudge, but Joe wouldn't allow it. "Lets let it cool off on your nipples. You know you like it, nasty little thing." He blew on the hot fudge letting it cool. Nell let out a light moan as Joe circled her nipple with his tongue.

Joe bit down on her right nipple, pulling off a perfectly formed fudge nipple and sucking it into his mouth. Then he pulled up Nell a bit. "Would you like some fudge?" he asked, with a gleam in his eye. All Nell could do was nod her head yes. Joe helped her up into a sitting position and pushed her hot fudge covered nipple into her waiting mouth. Nell hungerly sucked the fudge into her mouth, biting down harder then Joe had.

She was sitting on the edge of the table now, her pussy so close to Joe's cock, which was still straining inside his boxers. She shimmied forward and started to grind into him. The hot fudge had been too much for Nell, she was out of control. She had to have his cock, had to feel it forcing into her. "Come on, baby, fuck me hard. I'm so ready for you. Please pound me with your cock," Nell begged into Joe's ear.

He pulled down his shorts finally, and Nell gasped at his throbbing cock, the head glistening and ready. He grabbed hold of her ass and thrust his cock into her waiting pussy. He started with long strokes, pushing in slow and hard and then slowly drawing out. Nell moved with him, "Oh, that's right. That's so good. Give it to me."

As he would draw almost out, Nell shivered with excitement, waiting for him to enter her again. Joe's face was full of lust and power. His hands groped her ass, massaging, grabbing, holding tight. He started to pump faster and harder. Soon, he was slamming into Nell, making small noises in his throat, his eyes fixed on her pussy, watching his cock pound in and out. Nell was screaming and bucking wildly, beyond words, trying somehow to get even more of him inside her by her wild thrusts.

With one final slam, Joe shot his load deep into Nell, his hands holding her ass, his balls slapping her. Nell's orgasm shook her body for a full minute, wave after wave of intensity. She had her legs locked around his waist, and she shook all over. When she finished, she didn't even have enough energy left to grin. She just slid slowly to the floor and rested.