 I had known that Danielle was trying to butter me up for something the moment I came home to find her cooking my favorite dinner (baked salmon, drizzled with honey), with a bottle of nice wine on the table and an implied promise of after-dinner calisthenics in our bedroom, during which I would put my penis inside her vagina. In our three years of dating, she's done nice gestures like this before, but this time was different. For one thing, she had that smile on her face. I'd become really good at reading her expressions, and this smile quite clearly said 'I am buttering you up for something'.

Like I said, really good.

I had been prepared for a lot of things. Some off-hand mention of a friend who was getting married soon, maybe. Perhaps she'd walked by the animal shelter on her way home from work and become lost in the soulful eyes of a puppy with a sob story attached. Maybe her mom had invited herself over to dinner next week, in which case I had not been buttered up anywhere near enough. I was prepared for anything.

Anything except for what she actually wanted.

"I'm sorry, I can't have heard that correctly."

"You did, Derek."

"No, clearly my ears must not be working right, or this wine's hit me harder than I thought. Because it seriously sounded like-"

"Yes!" my girlfriend said, looking like she wanted to strangle me for a moment. "I want you to have sex with my cousin!"

I don't think I ever could have seen that coming.

"So," I said, finally breaking the silence that had followed Danielle's sudden outburst. "What the hell?"

"Look, I can't believe any of this is happening either," Danielle said, pinching the bridge of her nose. "I've had a weird afternoon."

"I can only imagine," I said, pouring some more wine into my glass. "So? Why do you want me to have sex with Nellie?"

Nellie was my girlfriend's cousin, eighteen years old and headed off to college in a few weeks. Danielle was ten years her senior, and the two were frequently mistaken for sisters. Both had straight black hair, creamy fair skin, gorgeous green eyes, and bodies like holy shit. Tall, curvy, and totally stacked. I had done my best to avoid checking out Danielle's teenaged cousin, but damn it, I am mortal and she's got tits like a dairy cow.

"Well, you know I met her for lunch earlier to talk about going to college..."

"Yeah."

"And that included talking to her about boys..."

"Uh-huh."

"And she started getting all red in the face, like she was embarrassed about something..."

"Mhm."

"Derek, I know you're listening, you can stop it with that."

"Right. Sorry."

"Anyway, I press her about what's got her blushing when we're in the car, and finally get it out of her that she's a virgin."

My glass had been halfway to my lips, but it stopped at that last word. "Nellie's a virgin?" 

Danielle threw a tiny chunk of salmon at me, which I caught in my mouth. "Let me finish. So, that gets her the talk about, you know, finding the right guy to have her first time with, using protection, all that stuff, and she... asks me for a huge, huge favor."

"Don't tell me," I said, having swallowed the bit of ballistic salmon. "She wants to borrow me?"

Danielle nodded, and held her glass out for me to fill. I filled it a quarter of the way up, but at a silent glance from her, kept going until there was more wine in the glass than there wasn't. "Yes," she said, already beginning to empty the glass. 

"Did she say why?" I asked.

"Well, she's always had a bit of a crush on you," Danielle said.

My eyebrows rose. "Seriously?"

Her brow knotted in confusion. "You didn't notice?"

"No. Should I have?"

"She was hardly subtle about it. Anyway, she says she really wants her first time to be with someone like you." The last of the wine vanished down her throat. "I can not believe I just said any of that."

"The feeling's mutual," I said. "So... you want me to take your cousin's virginity."

Dani sighed into her empty glass. "This is weird, isn't it?"

"Just a bit."

"It's just – she's like the sister I never had, and I want her to be happy," Danielle said. She tipped her wine glass back again, hoping that more would materialize, but was disappointed.

"I'm still having a hard time believing she's a virgin," I said. "I mean, come on, with a body like that? All the boys at school were probably drooling after her."

"She went to an all-girl's school," Danielle explained. Then, her eyes widened and glittered as she parsed the last thing I had said. "You have been checking her out."

"Hey, you just asked me to have sex with your cousin, I think I get the opportunity to speak my mind," I said. "And my mind says that your cousin is smoking hot."

"So you'll do it?"

I paused, drumming my fingers on the table. "What's the catch? This is too good for there not to be a catch."

Dani rolled her eyes. "There isn't a catch, Derek."

"You might as well have just said 'yes, there's a really big catch'."

"You just have to fuck Nellie and make sure she has a good time," Danielle said. "No catches, no weirdness, and I won't be mad."

"Dani, this is big," I said, more than a little concerned. "I know you think it's alright now, but what if you change your mind afterwards? What if it, I don't know, ruins your relationship with Nellie?"

"It won't," Dani said, certain of herself. "Derek, you remember how you lost your virginity?"

"Of course I do," I said. "You never forget your first time."

"My first time was in high school. It was two minutes of clumsy humping in the back of an old Volkswagen that smelled like wet socks," Dani said bitterly. "You said it yourself, Nellie is going to get a lot of attention from a lot of boys who couldn't even point out a clitoris on a chart. I want her first time to be memorable, and not because it was bad."

"So, me."

"So, you. As I said, she thinks you're the hottest thing since the invention of the toaster, and if you can give her good memories and experience, she won't be going to college completely blind." Her voice was ironclad, but her eyes were uncertain. "Derek, you don't have to say yes. If you don't want to, I won't hold it against you, and neither will she. We can all pretend that this conversation never happened. But it would mean the world to Nellie, and to me." Her eyes were pleading.

I thought about it. "You're sure you won't change your mind and resent us for it?"

"I'm sure."

"Her parents aren't going to know?"

"Fuck no, of course not."

I bit my lip, mulling the situation over.

It was true that Nellie was hot as hell. She'd always struck me as one of those girls who were very self-conscious about being pretty, who saw her own beauty as a curse and hated getting attention for it. She never really looked me in the eye, and on those occasions when I caught her staring at me, she would quickly make excuses to leave the room. Now that I knew she had a crush on me, that sort of explained her behavior...

I put myself in her shoes, and realized that Danielle was right. If I did this with Nellie, it would be a memory that stayed with her for the rest of her life. It would demystify sex for her, maybe even boost her confidence. How could I possibly say no?

I nodded. "Alright," I said, making a brilliant smile cross Danielle's lips. "I'll do it. For you."

Danielle's smile turned wicked. "Don't act like you're only doing this out of the goodness of your heart, you just want to fuck my cousin."

"That is extremely true," I admitted. "Come on, have you seen her tits?"

"Only girl in her class who wears an F cup," Danielle said.

"Get out of town," I said, eyes wide. "God, when can she come over?"

"I'll talk to her about it," Danielle said, standing up. "Right now though, I think we could both use some exercise to work off that salmon..."

"You're the best girlfriend ever," I said, rising and following her.

 

Three days later. The big night. I sang to myself in the bathroom, finishing up my shave with a towel around my waist. I had wiped an oval in the foggy mirror so I could see myself, and I think I can say without ego (well, without much ego) that if I was a woman, I'd totally do me. Once I was done with my safety razor, I ran a comb through my short, coppery blonde hair. "Looking good," I said to my reflection.

Danielle didn't even knock at the door before she came in; we were that close. "Almost ready?" she asked. She was dressed for a night out with some friends, with a casual dress and not that much makeup. I've always thought that she didn't really need makeup, but then I might be a bit biased. 

"Born ready," I answered, splashing some aftershave on. It burned, but a nice burn. "You're looking nice."

"Thank you," she said, curtsying a bit.

"Headed out to find some fresh meat?" I joked, moving around her into our bedroom. She punched my shoulder.

"No, you dick," she said. "You're all the man I need."

"Glad to hear that," I said, dropping my towel as I rummaged through my dresser. Behind me, Danielle whistled at my ass, and she booed when I pulled on a pair of boxers. "So. Half an hour."

"Yeah," Danielle said, while I wriggled into a nice polo shirt that fit me like a glove. "You remember the ground rules?"

I nodded, selecting a nice pair of khaki pants. I didn't think I would be wearing them for very long, but it never hurts to look nice. "If she says stop, I stop. No suggesting anal. No joking about suggesting anal. If I get mine before she gets hers, my ass is grass."

"And have fun," Danielle said, stepping up behind me to give me a sweet kiss on the cheek. "God, this is so weird."

"Are you sure you want this?" I asked. I'd been asking her that a few times a day for the past few days, giving her an out if she needed one.

"I'm sure," Danielle answered without hesitation. "You?"

"Ready and willing, as long as you're okay with it," I answered, applying some cologne. "Nellie is never going to forget tonight."

I'd made sure of it. Everything was ready. The sheets on the king-sized bed had been cleaned, the pillows were fluffed, and more than two-dozen half-melted candles (Dani and I had used them before) were set up around the room to give it a sensual glow. The entire place looked warm, inviting, and erotic. I had suggested setting up some speakers to play sexy saxophone, but Danielle had vetoed that idea before it was even halfway out of my mouth.

"Hard to believe," Danielle said, looking around the room.

"Last chance to back out," I said.

"I'm not changing my mind," she said, exiting the room with me following her. "Nellie, on the other hand..."

"Hey, as soon as she sees me, her clothes are going to just fall off," I said. "I'll have her cumming without even touching her."

"I'm amazed at how flexible you are," Danielle said, stepping into a pair of heels at the front door. "I've never seen a man suck his own dick like that."

"Ouch," I said. "Any idea how long you'll be gone?"

"A few hours. Just going to meet some friends and get very drunk," Danielle said.

"Alright. If you get back and we're still going at it, feel free to join in," I said, brushing my hand against her hip.

She purred. "God, you're so greedy."

"Can you blame me?" I asked, arms around her waist and lips at her throat. "I've got the sexiest, greatest girlfriend in the world."

"And I've got the hottest boyfriend in the world," she said, taking hold of my wrists and peeling them away. "And he needs to save it for Nellie."

"Come on, just a quickie," I said, laying a line of kisses from her throat to her earlobe.

"No," she said, wriggling out of my grasp. "She'll be here in half an hour. Remember the rules."

"Wait," I said, grabbing her shoulder and turning her around. "You forgot something."

"What?" she asked, and then I gave her a deep kiss.

"Love you," I said, prompting her to smile and give me another kiss.

"I love you, too," she said. "Don't have too much fun."

"That's not a promise I can keep," I grinned. "If she's anything like you, we'll be at it all night. By the way, were you serious about the 'no anal' thing?"

"Good night, Derek," Danielle said, and swept out of our apartment.

I checked my watch. It was about seven, and Nellie was due here at seven-thirty. To kill some time, I plopped down on the couch and watched the news, volume turned down so I could listen for any approaching footsteps. I didn't pay much attention to what was on the TV, though. My mind was utterly captivated by thoughts of Nellie.

Danielle and Nellie may have been cousins, but they were constantly mistaken for sisters. Danielle's mother and Nellie's mother were twin sisters, which probably factored into it. Danielle and Nellie were both jaw-droppingly gorgeous, with creamy skin, gorgeous black hair (Danielle's went to her shoulders while Nellie's went down her back), soft, beautiful faces with the cutest little noses imaginable, and bodies like Jessica Rabbit. Round, bountiful breasts, slender waists, and childbearing hips that were perfect for holding on to. I was a lucky man to be with Danielle (and liked to imagine that she felt the same way about me), and I was even luckier than usual tonight.

The sound of footsteps coming down the hall snapped me out of my fantasizing about Nellie's nude body. I turned the TV's volume down lower, pricking my ears to listen to the sounds of someone approaching. A glance at my watch told me that it was seven-fifteen; Nellie wasn't due for fifteen minutes. Maybe she was early?

The sound of heels tapping against the hallway floor continued, coming closer and closer until they finally stopped.

Right outside my front door.

I turned the TV off and hurried to the door, straightening my hair. She was early.

I stood in front of the door, waiting for Nellie to knock. It took her a few minutes – and she nearly left once, her footsteps moving back down the hall before she turned around and came back – but finally, there it was: a soft, barely-audible tapping.

I waited a few seconds, and then opened the door. "Hey," I said with a friendly smile. "You're a bit early."

Nellie stood in the hallway, clenching the strap of her purse; she didn't look me in the eye, instead focusing on my feet. She was dressed to the nines in a cute little black dress that embraced her many curves and showed off two intoxicating inches of cleavage. She was shifting nervously from foot to foot, her green eyes flicking everywhere but at me. "Um, hi, Derek," she said softly. "Is that a problem?"

"Nah, it's perfectly fine," I said, stepping aside to let her in. She smiled nervously at me as she entered, and I couldn't help but check out her ass as she passed. Verdict: damn fine. "Want something to drink?"

"Just some water, thanks," Nellie said, moving towards the living room. She had been here before, and knew her way around the place. I went to the kitchen to fetch a cup of water. When I entered the living room, I found her sitting on the old green sofa, her purse in her lap and both feet on the ground. She took it gratefully, and had it empty by the time I sat down next to her. She set the now-empty glass on a side table, cleared her throat, and the silence began. She still hadn't looked me in the eye yet.

Finally realizing that she wasn't going to start the conversation, I took it upon myself. "You're nervous," I said. That finally got her to look at me, her deep-green eyes meeting mine for a brief second before she focused on my shoulder.

She nodded, fingers tightening on the purse. "Yes," she said, her voice barely more than a squeak.

"You don't have to be," I said, putting my arm around the back of the sofa.

"I know, but..." She bit her lip. "You're my cousin's boyfriend. I already felt weird for having a crush on you, and now we're going to... to do this. I don't know if I can."

"I never realized you had a crush on me," I admitted, crossing my legs.

"I know I shouldn't have," Nellie said.

"It's fine," I said, laughing. "I'm honored that such a pretty girl likes me."

That got her to blush nicely. She gave a tiny smile that set my heart fluttering. "Thanks," she said. "Are you sure you're okay with... with this?"

I gave her a flat stare. "Nellie," I said, my tone almost dangerous. "I am more than okay with this. I am so okay with this that I would trade a kidney for the chance to be with you. You are an unbelievably beautiful young woman with a body so hot I could cook dinner on you."

The blush deepened. She set her purse aside and inched closer, hands bunched up in her lap. "I'm still nervous," she said. "I mean, what if Danielle-?"

"She's okay with it and I'm okay with it," I said, putting my hand over hers. "But are you okay with it?"

"Yes!" she said, the word seeming to fly out of her mouth. "I've had a crush on you since I was fifteen, and now I actually have the chance to – to sleep with you, but I'm acting like an idiot and I feel like my head's about to explode and-"

She didn't say more, because I had leaned over and kissed her full, red lips. For a second, she was tense as a plank of wood, and I worried that she would push me away, but then she melted, moaning into my mouth as she returned the show of affection. "It's okay," I said once our lips parted. "I don't think you're acting like an idiot."

She flushed a cheery scarlet, and cleared her throat. "Can you do that again?" she asked quietly.

I smiled. "With pleasure." We inched closer on the couch, our thighs touching, as I took her head in my hands and kissed her once more. She was clumsy, unsure of what to do with her hands and her tongue, but I patiently guided her through it. She sighed as my tongue played with hers, gently probing her mouth. After a few minutes, I pulled her closer, hands on her soft, generous hips. Her arms tightened around me, searching my back for purchase.

"Enjoying yourself?" I asked, breaking the kiss for just a second. She didn't appreciate that, and grabbed my head to pull me back in, ravenously attacking me. She was really getting into it. So much so that she was the one who grabbed my wrist and directed my hand towards her chest, softness concealed under black cloth.

"Touch me," she pleaded, warm desire in her voice. I didn't see any reason to deny her. My fingers squeezed her through her dress and bra, taking hold of those delightful melons. They were a bit smaller than Danielle's, but still huge and oh so much fun to play with. I kept kissing her as I played with her breasts, feeling how my actions made her breathing sharpen and turn to whines.

"How do you like it?" I asked, moving my lips down to her throat. If she was anything like her cousin, this should drive her wild. The sounds I got in response proved that I was right.

"I've been dreaming about this for three – ah – years," Nellie whimpered. "It's amazing."

"Three years?" I asked, pressing her breasts together. "I'm flattered."

"I couldn't help it," Nellie said, her voice high-pitched from what I was doing to her. "It was that Christmas dinner that Danielle brought you to when you started dating. I took one look at you and thought – oh my god."

I had taken hold of the straps of her dress and brought them down her arms, exposing her cream-colored bra and midriff, smooth except for an adorable mole by her belly button. "Keep talking," I said as my hands played over her abdomen. "Don't let me distract you." And then I went back to nuzzling at her neck, reminding myself not to leave a hickey. Her father had muscles on top of his muscles, and I didn't want him to twist my head off.
