 2.01 Mary, Sara and the Neighbourhood:

2.02 Mary, Sara, The reception:

2.03 Jessie and her Sybian Lover:

2.04 Jamie and the Semen Extractor:

2.05 Susan and her Robotic Lover:

2.06 Daniel, the Harness and his Sybian Lover:

2.01 Mary, Sara and the Neighbourhood:

To the daily commuter, Willow Falls appears to be a nice, quiet suburban neigbourhood. Single-family homes, well kept lawns and pet dogs playing with with their owners. Beneath the surface, is a shadier side of life. It is a community of sexual openness where families and singles meet in various homes during the weekends for sexual discovery, enlightenment and entertainment. The themes include straight, lesbian, gay, toys and machines. A coordinator keeps the residents up to date on locations, category, time and openings. If space is available, a curious resident(s) may attend for observation only.

After their incredible sessions with each other, Mary and John reserved Friday nights for themselves. Sara went on a crusade to find boys at her high school which she could teach to satisfy her sexual needs. Over the past year, Mary had received emails from the coordinator but had always shied away from responding because she is a widower. This all changed in the bungalow at the resort. John was going to be away for two weeks on company business and Sara convinced her mother that they should attend one of the 'gatherings' as observers.

"Let's see something new, different and unusual. Let's go to the house that is offering Toys and Machines."

A shocked Mary didn't know what to say,

"That's not exactly what I hand in mind."

Sara smiled,

"If we don't like what we see we can always leave. Just the description is enough to excite me and I have always wondered what Zoophilia is all about."

A nervous Mary relented and returned the email asking for two open positions as observers. Within the hour, Mary was informed of the location, date and time, along with the rules and requirements. The performances are in a theater like room in the basement and everyone, including the observers, must be naked. The living room and dining room are used as changing areas.

2.02 Mary, Sara, The reception:

An exuberant Sara and nervous Mary arrived at the house fifteen minutes ahead time. A man at the door checked his list of names and smiled as he handed them a card with their seat numbers. They entered the house and saw a large crowd of people either undressed or in the processing of undressing. The mood was cheerful and full of expectancy. Mary and Sara joined others in the dining room and undressed. Sara did so quickly and Mary a little slower. They looked around and saw that most hairless like themselves. Within a few minutes, Mary was being greeted by neighbours she knew and she began to feel more relaxed and at ease. As they talked, she found out that some of them were going to take part in the performances.

A chime was heard and everyone began filing toward the door that led to the basement.

The basement was larger than what Mary had envisioned. There were twenty rows of theater-like seats, sixteen seats per row. The rows were in a semi-circle in front of a raised 12' by 12' platform. A three foot high guard rail ringed the platform along its left, rear and right sides. The front of the platform, facing the audience, was open. Along the left side of the room was a small sink with shelves holding wash cloths, sponges and towel. Sitting on the right side of the room was a sink and bottles of liquid soap, depilatories and pills.

Mary and Sara found their seats. On them, was a paper outlining the events and and participants.

1. Jessie Sybian

2. Jamie Boy, hair removal, semen extraction

3. Susan Robotic Lover

4. Daniel Sybian

Three men carried something onto the back of the platform that was wrapped in a sheet. After a bit of a struggle they got it into a standing position and then left. The outline at the top of sheet had the contours of a head and shoulders. Mary whispered to Sara that this was probably the Robotic Lover that was mentioned in the paper.

2.03 Jessie and her Sybian Lover:

The lights over the seating area dimmed and the hostess walked onto the platform.

"We have a busy and exciting schedule ahead of us tonight so we will get right to it. As most of you know, our customized Sybian is now available for sale. There are two models, one for females and the other for males. Jessie has volunteered to demonstrate the new Sybian to the audience.

A man walked onto the platform and positioned a cloth covered item at the front of the stage, facing the audience. He removed the cloth and Sara's eyes opened wide when she saw the Sybian. The camera's zoomed in and everyone got an up close up look of the customized Sybian.

The body was similar to a saddle, without the horn. Two adjustable side rails were attached for hand supports. On the surface of the 'saddle' was an oval outline and in front of that was an outline of a 3/4" circle.

The right hand rail had six press-type buttons.

TEST AUTO START STOP

The left hand rail had three buttons,

6.00" x 1.50" 6.75" x 2.25" 7.50" x 2.75"

The 'AUTO' button would detect the user's orgasm and release its ejaculant.

The Hostess pressed 6.00" x 1.50" and then TEST.

Sara's eyes opened wide when she saw the oval outline being replaced with a multi-lipped labia massager. It was soft and pliable and was made up of dozens of small, self moving, suctioning 'lips' and mouths.

A flexing tube replaced the 3/4" circle. The clitoral massager was a velvety 'mouth-like' tube. Its function was to stimulate the clitoris and close over the erect organ with its internal suckling 'lips' and a 'tongue'. Laser sensors would guide both massagers to its target.

A deep ribbed phallic rose upward between the lips of the labia massager. It was self lubricating and each rib rippled independently. Hidden tubes at the base of the phallic delivered the Sybian's lubricant and ejaculant.

Sara's breath quickened when she saw all the parts begin to move. Soon the glistening phallic rose up and both she and Mary gasped when they saw the skewering ribs pulse and throb. It made three upward strokes and jettisoned its ejaculant.

The Hostess then returned every thing to its normal 'off' state. The Sybian was now ready, and she nodded at Jessie.

Jessie walked onto the platform, straddled the saddle and nestled down onto its warm surface. She looked down and did her best to position her sex over the oval outline. She didn't really have to, because the labia massager would use its sensors to align itself with her folds. The Hostess raised the saddle so Jessie's legs were just slightly bent and then pressed the 7.50" x 2.75" button and then AUTO. Jessie closed her eyes, grasped the support rails and took in a deep breath.

She felt movement under her labia as the oval pattern changed and the labia massager's 'mouths' and 'lips' moved upward and made contact with her sex. The lips formed around the outer folds with a delicious suckling and massaging action.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"

Ecstatic sensations flooded her labia and spread inward, into her vagina. The soft mouth-like tube pushed through the circled opening and snuggled onto her protruding pink button. The contact caused her hips to buck forward and she gasped as her clitoris leaped out of its protective hood. The suckling 'mouth' slipped her over her protruding clitoris and she squealed in joy as the suckling 'mouth' and 'throat' encased her rigid organ of joy.

"Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!"

The 'lips' that were between her swelling folds pushed them further apart and began sucking on the excited entrance to her vagina. The ecstatic sensations from both massagers caused her arousal to explode across her loins. Her excited nipples grew erect and stood out from her firm breasts like bullets. Jessie felt the suckling 'mouths' and 'lips' explore her flaring and swollen 'folds' and gasped as more 'lips' slipped between them and join in the teasing and caressing of the excited entrance to her womanhood.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"

Jessie closed her dazed and aroused eyes and began moving her excited sex back and forth on both massagers. Her mind became saturated with wonderful waves of joy that were cascading across her body. Soft slurping sounds could be heard as her juices mixed with the massager's slick 'lips'. Her excited vaginal entrance began clasping as her vagina spasmed and rippled with joy. She was jolted out of her euphoric daze when she felt a slight pulsing pressure nudge against her vaginal opening. The nudging pressure built and Jessie gasped when she felt the entrance to her vagina being gently opened. She knew the phallic was at the portal to her womanhood. She felt the warm liquid oozing from the thick head and a delicious warmth spread around her eager entrance. She felt the opening widen and the warmth spread inward. Her inner lips stretched ecstatically over the pulsing head and Jessie moaned as waves of pleasure flooded her sex.

"Ohhhhhh!! Goddddd!! Yes!! Yes!! Yes!!"

She pushed down and ground her enflamed entrance against the slowly advancing head of the phallic. Her body now hungered for more of her Sybian Lover. The Sybian was in no hurry and nudged inward slowly and deliciously. Jessie's arousal exploded and she moaned as the ecstatic sensations rippled into her seething vaginal passage. As the phallic slipped inward, so did the number of the expanding and contracting ribs. She wailed in ecstasy as her vaginal muscles rippled in sync with the pulsing ribs. The suckling clitoral 'throat' made her organ of joy feel as though it was going to explode.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"

The probe pushed further upward into her clenching sex. It twisted and turned, it pulsed and purred as it explored the eager sheath. Soon its seven and half inches of warm undulating thickness made Jessie's mind reel with its ecstatic fullness. The phallic partially withdrew then slipped back in. Jessie had to tighten her grip on the rails to stop herself from falling off of her Sybian Lover.

It began an ecstatic rhythm, all out then all in, slow then fast. The massaging lips now extended themselves and began a delicious suckling all around Jessie's swollen and excited folds. The relentless thrusts of the Sybian twisted, turned and flexed as it explored her seething vagina. Her engorged clitoris jerked and throbbed as orgasmic tingles radiated from it. The flexing phallic thickened and thousands of tiny cilia-like fingers pushed outward from the surface of the phallic and started massaging and caressing her enflamed vaginal walls. Jessie screeched as jolts of ecstasy shot across her loins. Her mind and body were catapulted into a sexual frenzy.

"Ahhhh!! Ahhhh!! Ahhhh!!"

Jessie couldn't keep up with her frantic counter thrusts and she slumped own onto her Sybian Lover and let the waves of ecstasy explode across her body. The clitoral massager now began to push Jessie toward her orgasmic trip point. Its suctioning lips now rippled along the full length of her mini erection-like organ. Excruciating, ecstatic sensations gripped her throbbing, swollen folds. She felt as though dozens of warm, wet tongues and lips were swirling and sucking on her enraged clitoris. At the same time the phallic began deep, full length thrusts. Jessie was close to fainting as the flood of sensations saturated her body.

"Ohhhhhhh!! Goddddddd!!"

Jessie was at her orgasmic trip point and her Sybian Lover knew it.

Suddenly, the phallic lunged fully upward and stopped. It swelled to a full three inches inside Jessie's enflamed vagina. The pulsing ribs along it's flexing length teased and tantalized the sensitive nerve endings of her clasping vaginal walls. Jessie hunched down forcefully ground her excited sex onto both massagers. The Sybian unleashed forceful torrents of its ejaculant which gushed and jettisoned into her spasming cavern causing the vaginal sheath to ballooned ecstatically. Jessie screeched as waves of ecstasy flooded her body. Her body unleashed her orgasm and her vagina went into deep convulsions and her rigid clitoris exploded.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

Jessie screamed as the orgasmic waves hit her. Her hands fisted tightly on the rails and her toes curled. Her legs shot outward in the air in a wide 'V'. They kicked franticly as deep orgasmic spasms and convulsions racked her body. The Sybian coaxed a second, body wide orgasm to explode across her body and her orgasmic wail echoed around the room.

"IEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ..."

Jessie's body went into orgasmic overload and she lost consciousness for a few seconds. When she recovered, her body was still in the throes of orgasmic aftershocks. The phallic was still twisting and plunging. Her body quickly rode another orgasmic wave which again pushed Jessie into a sexual frenzy.

Her convulsing body thrashed and squirmed between the support rails, her head twisted from side to side. Her clitoris was jerking wildly within the suckling 'mouth'. The phallic exploded again. The thick mix of Sybian ejaculant and vaginal juices gushed past her swollen and flared folds drenching her thighs and the saddle.

"IEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ..."

This time her exhausted and drained body shutdown and the Sybian whirred to a stop, still deeply imbedded within her body. Slowly Jessie recovered and she cooed and gurgled as deep aftershocks rippled throughout her body.

"Ahh!! Ahh!! Ahh!!"

Both massagers and slowed to a soft and gentle purring action and she rested on the soft, wet surface of the saddle as her body came done from its orgasmic highs. The Sybian being in the 'AUTO' mode slowly withdrew from her body. The loving 'mouth' on her still rigid clitoris withdrew and the rigid pink organ stood hard in the air.

She groaned as the Sybian's phallic slowly withdrew out of her clasping womanhood. A loud slurping sound was heard as the thick head slipped past her reluctant inner lips. Torrents of ejaculant and vaginal juices gushed from the gaping entrance as her vagina returned to its normal size.

Jessie moaned with disappointment as the wonderful fullness left her body.

"Ohhhh!! Slowly ... Slowly ... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"

The Hostess helped a glowing and radiant Jessie off of the saddle and a woman helped her walk toward the basement's large walk in shower.

Mary whispered in Sara's ear, we will order one of those.

2.04 Jamie and the Semen Extractor:

The sybian was removed and a rectangular box 2'W x 4'L x 3'H was wheeled onto the platform. The audience watched as the top and sides were removed and a strange machine was revealed. It resembled a motorcycle without the tires or engine. The width of the rear of the 'seat' was about normal but was much wider from the mid-section to the front of it. The surface was clear, gel-like, and its internal parts could be seen. The rear part of the 'seat' was saddle shaped and instead of handle bars there were hand-grips on the sides of the wide body. Foot rests were at the normal motorcycle position, at the bottom, and slightly toward the rear. Restraining straps could be seen hanging from the hand grips and foot rests. Most of the audience had seen this machine in operation before and waited to see who the lucky 'user' was going to be.

A woman in the front row stood up and pulled her reluctant 18 year old son onto his feet. She led him onto the platform beside the machine and had him face the audience. The Hostess joined them and smiled at a very nervous Jamie.

"Jamie is 18 years old and is in conflict with his sexuality. His mother installed tracking software on the his computer and found out that her son is spending a lot of time on Gay oriented web sites. With the mother's consent, we will help Jamie experience what an anal penetration feels like and then he can decide if a Gay relationship is what he wants. His mother has given him an enema and we will finish the preparation by removing all of the hair from his genital area and between the cheeks of his buttocks."

Jamie looked at his mother with a pleading face. She just smiled at him and moved behind his naked body and put her arms around him,

"Its going to be Ok Jamie, this is necessary."

Two naked boys came onto the platform and went to the sink and put several items from the shelves onto a rolling cart. These included, a package of two pills, a cup of water, a bottle of silky depilatory, a basin of warm water, wash cloths, sponges and towels. Jamie looked nervously at the cart as it was rolled in front of him.

A boy handed the pills to Jamie, along with the cup of water. He shook his head and his mother told him that if he didn't drink the pills down she would hold his nose while the pills were being put into his mouth. Jamie nervously swallowed the pills. The Hostess informed the audience that the pills were multi-purpose. They would induce arousal and enhance his semen production.

One of the boys knelt down in front of Jamie and put his hands on the inside of his thighs. Jamie flinched at the touch and then reluctantly allowed the boy to push his legs apart. The boy looked up into Jamie's face and said,

"Hunched down a bit Jamie .. good .. that's good."

The boy was handed the bottle of liquid depilatory and he began squirting the thick liquid over Jamie's lower abdomen, thighs, penis, balls and between the cheeks of his spread buttocks. Jamie shifted his body back and forth trying to evade what the boy was doing, but his mother held him firmly from behind.

The boy's hands now began to mix the silky liquid into all the hair that he could find. Soon, Jamie felt exquisite 'popping' sensations as the depilatory began dissolving his hair. The boy's silky hands lifted his balls and swirled his penis around in delicious circles. Jamie stifled a moan as pleasurable feelings washed across his genitals. The boy's right hand slipped between his cheeks and began spreading the slick liquid around his anal area. The fingers teased and caressed Jamie's anus and Jamie fought back the tingling sensations was flooding his anal area and radiating into his penis. The pills and the boy's persistent hands soon had Jamie's penis stirring and he groaned with disbelief and embarrassment.

"Oh Noooo ... Mom .. Mom .."

The mother smiled and leaned close to her son's ear and whispered,

"Its OK Jamie, your allowed to get an erection here."

The boy smiled and intensified his actions. Soon Jamie's hard manhood stood out like beacon between his hairless thighs. Both boys now used the warm, wet sponges and wash cloths to remove the depilatory and the remnants of Jamie's hair. Jamie moaned and his hips jerked his hardness against the sponges and wash cloths that were giving him so much pleasure. They finished their work with the soft, plush towels and Jamie closed his eyes knowing that everyone in the audience was looking at his engorged erection.

A boy positioned a stool beside the 'machine' and left the platform. Jamie felt the Hostess and his mother hold onto his arms as they 'walked' him to the Semen Extractor. His eyes darted nervously around the room and his body trembled not knowing what was going to happen to him. Jamie saw the smiles from the audience as his erection and bloated balls bobbed and swayed between his thighs.

The Hostess guided his feet onto the stool and his mother helped him climb on to the machine and straddle the gel-like 'seat'. The hostess put his feet into the foot rests. The hand-grips shifted back along the sides toward the center of the 'seat' and his mother told him to reach out and grasp each of them. An apprehensive Jamie weakly protested as the restraining straps were attached to wrists and ankles. The hand-grips moved back to the front of the machine, pulling him forward so he was leaning onto the gel surface of the seat. The foot rests moved his feet upward and back toward the rear of the machine. A dazed Jamie whimpered as two Gel-like straps were fastened across his shoulders and lower back, pressing his body onto the machine's surface. The back up the 'saddle-seat' raised upwards and outwards, spreading the cheeks of his buttocks. His balls and erection felt cramped as they were pressed onto the surface of the saddle-seat, as did his areolas on the forward area of the 'seat'.
