 Claire Morgan pulled into the parking lot and stared at the building. It was a large structure of steel and blue tinted glass. She was several minutes early and wanted to calm her nerves before starting her first day in the building in front of her with the letters IBM prominently displayed at the top. She closed her eyes and reflected on the events in her life that got her to this moment in time.

A grin appeared as she recalled a ten-year-old trying to convince her dad that she was not too young to help him in his TV repair shop. They lived in a small town in Kansas and he had the only TV store for many miles around. He had his store as long as she could remember and as she got older, she would sit and watch him work on all kinds of electronic devices that needed repair. He took delight in explaining what he was doing. She didn't understand much of it at first, but over time, she began to grasp how TVs and radios worked and the troubleshooting technique he used. 

Everything changed the day her dad yielded to her pleas and agreed to let her help. She started testing the vacuum tubes, and most of the time that would fix the problem. Later, with some guidance, she was taking on the sets that needed more work. By the time she was twelve, she could fix most of what came into the shop. At fourteen, she was accompanying her dad on service calls. Her birthday was in June and the day she turned sixteen, he took her to the DMV for her driver's license and told her, "Tomorrow we'll divide the calls. You go north and I'll go south."

It wasn't long before she was running the store while her mom and dad were on vacation. She loved what she was doing and dreamed of the day she would take it over. It was 1962, the beginning of her senior year in high school when she discussed her future with her folks. She voiced her desire to do more in the store but her dad felt otherwise. He believed she could have a better career with her skills than fix TVs. President Kennedy's space program was underway and he thought the electronic age was about to explode. He also suspected that the advancements in technology would one day render TV repair obsolete. 

After graduation, she enrolled in an electronic technology school in Kansas City - not a college but more of a trade school. Twenty four months straight of classes with breaks only at Christmas. One hundred started the program and twenty-six completed it. She finished second in the class with only a tenth of a point separating her from tying for number one.

She interviewed several companies, and her background was certainly a plus. It was IBM that appealed to her, and here she sat in Atlanta, a long way from home, ready to start her first day. 

She walked through the front door and stood in awe at the immense size of the foyer that literally sparkled from all the chrome and glass. "Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore." 

After a few hours with Personnel, she was introduced to her boss, Brian Duncan. She judged him to be about her father's age, a little shorter, and a whole lot less hair. He escorted her to her work area to meet and join the rest of the team. "I've heard good things about you and I think you'll enjoy our group. Most of the guys have been here for several years, and you'll have the distinction of being the youngest and the first woman." 

"Not a surprise. Of the twenty-six in my graduating class at Central Tech, I was the only woman."

Claire brought the count up to twelve service techs, which elicited a remark about being part of Duncan's dozen. It was quite a diverse group of age and backgrounds. They were from all over the US and she thought it was funny that not one person was from Georgia. The oldest was much older than Duncan and the previous youngest was probably about five years her senior. 

All the guys were dressed in the 'Big Blue' dress code: dark slacks, white shirt, dark tie, and everyone had a pocket protector complete with pencils, pens, and various tools. Fortunately for all, no one had to wear their suit jacket in the work area. Claire had been advised about the dress code and had a dark skirt with a matching jacket and a plain white blouse. She refused to wear a blouse with a pocket when she started wearing a bra. 

Claire reached her height of five feet, ten inches by her sophomore year. She found being tall had its advantages when dealing with people. She developed some decent muscle tone from handling the heavy TV sets but, much to her chagrin, her bust size barely filled a B cup bra. 

As expected, the eleven men eyed her differently. Before them stood a tall woman with shoulder length, dark wavy hair -- not a beauty but decent looking. She had a nice smile and seemed friendly enough. Some wondered just how good a tech she was, and if she would get preferential treatment. Some viewed her as a threat to their desire of one day to be the boss. Some viewed her like a little sister in the family. They all knew one thing, her performance on the job would quickly show just how good a tech she was. 

It would be a few weeks before Claire joined the group because she had to report to a different building for training. Her instructors were impressed with the questions she asked and the methodical approach she took in troubleshooting. It was information her boss was pleased to receive. He was concerned about the impact of having a young woman joining the group. He felt her ability made her a good hire but working dynamics can be another story. 

It didn't take long for Claire to feel comfortable with the guys. What pleased them most was the fact she enjoyed a lot of the same things. She enjoyed the same TV shows and added to the conversations when they would talk about them the next morning. She happily joined the group for lunch on Fridays and thought it was perfectly normal that they always went to the same restaurant. She quickly memorized the menu and knew each waitress by their first name. Claire easily became one of the guys. The one thing that separated her from her co-workers was her love of hiking. She was very pleased with what the Smokey Mountains had to offer. 

Sometimes when she was on a hike and taking in a scenic vista, she would become nostalgic and think about Bruce. She was in a new city, new job, and no man in her life. There were days she missed him terribly. He was a fellow student at Central Tech, a few years older due to the fact he had joined the Navy right out of high school. It was Bruce who not only introduced her to hiking but much more. He brought her out of her shell and exposed her to a world of fun and play. One pleasure she became particularly fond of was sex. 

For Claire, growing up in a town of less than five hundred people was limiting in many ways but even more so when it came to dating. For her, working with her dad and repairing TVs was more appealing than boys. Other than a few dances in high school, she never really had a date. When she enrolled at Central Tech, her folks encouraged her to take advantage of life in the big city. 

A smile came to Claire's face when she thought of Bruce. They were about the same height and he was one of the few guys with a shaved head. It was something he did in the Navy and just kept it. Not a big or muscular man, but he did like to stay fit. His hazel eyes would sparkle when he laughed and he always seemed to be in good humor. 

At the start of school, lab partners were assigned and by the luck of the draw, Claire and Bruce were a team. Naturally they shared their backgrounds and why they were in school. A comfort and rapport soon developed and a mutual attraction began to grow. It wasn't long before they even sat together in class. 

When Claire voiced her frustration with learning FORTRAN V, he invited her to his house after school to lend a hand. Plus, he was eager to show her the computer he had built. If anyone deserved the moniker of computer geek, it was Bruce. He was all about building and coding computers. 

Claire didn't know what to expect when she walked into "the room". The computer was a large box with wires everywhere. His pride and enthusiasm was evident by his animation as he demonstrated many of its features. Claire was very impressed with his skills and with the machine. Their interaction cemented the bond between them. 

When Bruce invited her to dinner, Claire was thrilled. After all these years, she was finally going on a real date. She fretted, however, about her lack of experience. Would he try to kiss her later? Should she let him? Secretly, she hoped he would because she wanted to let him know she liked him.

During dinner, she let Bruce in on her deep secret. She was a total novice when it came to the dating scene. She wanted to experience it all, but she needed to be with someone she could trust. After some discussion, she was confident that her faith in Bruce was well founded.

They left the restaurant hand in hand and there definitely was a kiss good night. Claire felt warm all over from their embrace. When he held her tight, she could feel his erection. She was excited by the new sensation but a moment later, he said good night and walked away. 

She closed the door and realized she was panting. Looking down she could see her nipples pushing hard against her blouse, and there was a distinct ache below her waist. She had a sudden desire to explore her body and quickly undressed in front of the mirror in the bedroom. Her breasts felt so wonderful to touch and when she slid her hand down to her pubic hair, she was pleasantly surprised not only by the wetness but the sensitivity. She quickly moved to her bed, reliving the sensation of his erection as it pressed against her belly. Instinctively, she parted her legs and reached down to explore the wonders of her clit. She felt an intense desire to relieve the sexual tension and for the first time, she masturbated.

Her climax was intense and literally breathtaking. She hadn't known what to expect but it was wonderful and totally relaxing. It was an experience that made her feel like a new woman, and she surprised herself by calling Bruce to tell him what just happened. By the time she finished describing everything, he was stroking his rock hard cock and ready to jack off again. Pleased with her bravery, she said good night not knowing the affect her foray into phone sex had on him. 

Bruce proceeded slowly with Claire's 'dating experience' much to the discomfort of his hard dick. It was obvious that she was an eager pupil, but he felt that it was not wise to rush things. He reminded her that school and good grades were the most important thing. They should focus on and help each other to that end. 

Claire understood and reluctantly agreed, but in her mind she was determined to 'go all the way' sooner than later. She got her wish the following weekend. It started innocently enough with Bruce instructing her on the art of French kissing. His protégé soon had his pulse racing and his temperature rising. He was unaware that he had moved his hand up and lightly cupped her breast. That was all it took. She responded by pressing his hand hard against her. A few moments later, clothes were on the floor, and they were hurrying to the bedroom. 

She didn't know what to expect but she was mesmerized at the sight of his erection. It looked so big and long and...beautiful. He knelt between her legs and rubbed the head of his cock between the wet lips of her pussy. For Claire, it was a dream come true and the sensation was exquisite. She was panting with anticipation. He slowly and gently entered her virgin territory, watching her face as he filled her completely. She looked at him with a grin and simply said, "Wow."

He gave her a kiss on the lips and with short strokes, began to slide out and in. It took a few moments for her to relax but once she did, she rocked her hips to accept his plunges. Unfortunately, he didn't last as long as he desired and announced that he was about to cum. When he reached the edge, he pulled out and shot a stream of semen on her pussy. The look of pleasure on her face brought a big smile to his. 

He watched with some amusement as she ran her fingers through the milky white substance adorning her pubic hair. "I wondered what it would feel like," she said. "It's so creamy ... and I like it." 

She rubbed some on each nipple and then licked her finger. "Tasty, too."

For Claire, this was worth waiting for, but she realized that this new found pleasure could be a distraction and that was something neither wanted. They came up with a plan to keep school number one and sex their weekend reward.

Bruce had not yet introduced Claire to the sensual joys of oral sex. He wanted her to enjoy various positions other than the missionary first. He had a plan that he hoped would work. One day he suggested they go to a restaurant in a shopping area near the river. One of the businesses in that area was a theatre that showed adult rated movies and sometimes had guest strippers. 

Dinner went well and he drove slowly past the theatre. "What's that?" she inquired.

"A theatre that shows only X-rated adult movies."

"Really? Have you ever gone inside?"

"A few times."

"Do women go there, too?"

"Yes they do. In fact you'll find more couples than singles."

After a few moments, she said, "Would you take me?"

"If you like. When would you like to go?"

"How about now?"

Claire was pleased to see that there were several couples waiting to enter for the next show. She was excited to experience another dimension of sexual pleasure and who knows, she might learn something.

Watching the movies while observing Claire's reactions was a whole new experience for Bruce. It appeared she wasn't put off at all and judging from her breathing and expressions, she very much enjoyed it. The movies always got him aroused and he hoped she would feel the same for the drive home. 

Once they were in the car, he looked at her and said, "What did you think?"

"I liked it but the thing that intrigued me most was the oral sex. It appeared to me they really enjoyed it. Can we do that?" 

Bruce gulped, and the hard-on he had was now throbbing. He could hardly drive home fast enough. They were naked by the time they reached his bedroom and as they moved to the bed, he pushed her onto her back and buried his mouth in her pussy. Fingering her clit was one thing, but feeling his lips and tongue performing their magic was an intense and pleasurable sensation like no other. She was amazed at how quickly she climaxed and much to her delight and surprise, he didn't stop until he brought her off again. 

After a few moments of recovery, she swapped positons and was kneeling in front of him. She took his hard tool in her hand and leaned down to lick the precum from the head before taking it into her mouth. She tried to duplicate what she had seen in the movies but she wasn't sure about her technique, so she stopped and asked for instructions. They were pretty simple: no teeth, relax your jaw, and move your head with your hand. 

With those instructions, it didn't take long for her to get the hang of it. She really enjoyed the way it felt and the pleasure it was giving Bruce. She just hoped she could bring him off, too. Soon he was thrusting his hips with her movements and practically panting. When he groaned that he was about to cum, she could feel a change in his cock. Suddenly his body stiffened and she received the fruits of her labor. She kept pumping and swallowing every bit until she milked his dick dry.

"I bet you had this evening planned," she said with a coy smile as she nestled in his arms.

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Ooohhhh... only a lot. I think oral is by far the most fun."

After a few moments she said, "What else do you have in mind for me?"

"How do you feel about hiking and doing it in the woods?"

"As long as we wait till summer."

Summer came and Bruce picked out some state parks that he thought would suit the intended purpose. In his backpack, he carried their lunch and Claire's pack contained a blanket and a bottle of wine. She was surprised to learn he grew up an avid hiker. He was a wealth of information as he described the plants and even the rock formations. All of this was completely foreign to her. It didn't take long to hook her on the beauty and wonder of nature.

When they reached a stream, they moved off the path and into the woods. When they found a suitable spot, the blanket was spread and clothes were shed. On her knees or on her back, it didn't matter to Claire, she loved to feel his cock deep inside. When it was her turn, she preferred to straddle him and ride up and down. She would fondle her breasts and squeeze her nipples while he rubbed her clit with his thumb. After a few orgasms, she would bring him off with her mouth. 

They continued their relationship all through school and true to their set goal, Claire finished second in the class and Bruce finished third. They knew it would come to an end after graduation. A job in California with a defense contractor appealed to Bruce and the job in Atlanta was Claire's choice. They decided it was better to go their separate ways than to try to make a career around each other. 

Claire would think about Bruce from time to time and often when she recalled their play time together, she would get aroused. Her hand would reach down and perform its magic, even though it was a poor substitute for the real thing. But, she reminded herself, that will come in due time. Right now she has to show eleven co-workers and her boss that she is a damn good service technician.

After a few months, Claire's boss was confident in her ability and felt she was ready for the big time. He called her to his office to inform her of her next assignment. 

Claire put down the phone with some anxiety. She glanced at her watch and wondered why he would call so close to quitting time.

She entered his office and was relieved in part that her boss was all smiles. Standing nearby was another gentleman who was sporting a big grin.

"Come in, Claire. I want you to meet Jim Wagner. Jim is with the System Engineering group and he's tasked with delivering a System 360 to a customer in Charlotte. In a nutshell, you will be part of his team to assemble it here, test it, and then install it at the customer's site." 

"Thank you, Mr. Duncan and thank you, Mr. Wagner. I'm flattered to be considered and I promise to do my best."

"Good. Starting tomorrow you'll report to Jim and join his team. This assignment should take several weeks, so I'll see you when you return."

She walked out the door and thought, "Wow girl, you're in the big league now." She also couldn't get over how handsome Jim was. Broad shoulders, dark hair, green eyes, and from the way she had to look up at him, she estimated he was at least six feet. 

Jim had been with the company a year when the new 360 was rolled out. This would be his second installation. The first one took longer than estimated and he hoped to do better with this one. At first he wasn't sold on the idea of a female tech but Brian assured him that Claire would be a good asset. He was surprised and pleased when they met. He hadn't expected to see someone so young and cute. It was rare to find a woman in the organization who would rate a second glance. 

Claire arrived at her new location a few minutes early and was surprised to find Jim waiting for her. He was even better looking than she remembered. Probably married, she thought ruefully. He handed her a new ID card and escorted her to the conference room. There were several people who were involved with the project. Introductions were made along with their role. Claire would primarily be involved with assembly and checkout but would remain until completion. 

Not surprisingly, she was the only woman in the group. Everyone was friendly and seemed glad to have her on the team, but a couple of the men made her uncomfortable. They seemed to leer at her. It didn't go unnoticed by Jim and he maneuvered her to sit near him. After the planning meeting, he asked Claire to come to his office. 
