 Let me know if you liked it. Please vote and comment.

--------------------------------------

Bloop!

Something interrupted her thoughts. She was sitting in front of her mirror, mostly dozing off. She couldn't quite remember what it was she had been thinking about. That's always so frustr...

Bloop!

She realized that the noise was coming from her computer in the other room. Someone had messaged her. She lazily stood up and admired herself in the mirror. It was clear by the goofy, self-inspirational air fist pump that she was proud of her body. She had been working on it since she moved away from home when she turned 18. Tanned skin, raven black hair, a toned stomach and that amazing kind of ass that a girl can only get in the gym.

She wondered what she would do tonight. As she walked into the other room, she remembered to check the message she had heard earlier. She sat down in her chair and saw that it was Aiden, a mid-20-something guy who she had seen periodically over the last few years at her job where she worked as a server. It was one of those places where the girls dressed just scantily enough to get the guys' attentions (and their tips.) At a place like that, it's pretty common to get propositioned all the time by horny guys, especially with a body like hers. She did, admittedly, like to flirt with the guys and try pull their strings. 

This guy was a little bit different, though. He was cute in that "sorta nerdy" kind of way. He wasn't too big of a guy but you could tell he kept himself fit. He had always been respectful and funny, even though she was pretty sure he'd jump in her bed given the chance. They had flirted here and there with the idea of hanging out outside of her workplace. She found herself wondering just for a second how his body looked and began reading his message.

Aiden{Hey! We should hang out some time, finally. Yeah? If you're still down, let me know.}

This piqued her interest a bit. Maybe he would finally make an advance on her. She decided to answer with the usual non-committal flirt.

{Yeah we need too!}

Bloop!

Aiden{Definitely! What are you up to?}

{Sittin at home, just got done daydreaming, u?}

Aiden{I just got back from the gym. All my friends are busy tonight and the gym always makes me... antsy. What were you daydreaming about?}

{I wish I could remember! But what do u mean antsy? How does the gym make u antsy?}

Aiden{Um. Let's just say when I work out really... hard. It really gets my blood pumping.}

She laughed a bit. She kinda knew what he meant but still couldn't believe he actually said that. She decided to toy with him a bit.

{Gets ur blood pumping? Doesn't that slow down when ur done?}

Aiden{Oh, well for me it kinda likes to stick around in certain areas. Areas that make me a bit frustrated when they dont cool off.}

She thought she would toy a bit more.

{Like stick around in your muscles?}

Aiden{It gives me a raging, pulsing boner ok?! There, I said it. But no really, it's one of the best ways to get turned on. Well, besides.. you know, someone else doing the turning for you.}

For some reason when as she was reading the first sentence, she felt a jolt go from the back of her neck down her spine and straight to her clitoris. She felt herself start to moisten a bit at the thought of his cock. Now she was starting to consider playing with him for her own pleasure. After a long pause, to make him wait and sweat for a few moments, she decided to respond with just as much boldness.

{Why don't you touch yourself? You can pretend I'm there if you want, it wont bother me one bit.}

After she hit send she realized she was breathing a bit heavy. This was turning her on quite a bit. She watched as the chat window flashed "Aiden is typing..." over and over. God, he must have been hard as a rock by now. Oh, that was a nice thought. She wondered how big his nice hard cock would be and if it could fill her up in the way that she wanted right at that moment.

Aiden{Wow. Thanks. If I was horny before, I'm practically drooling at this point. Tell me, if you were here, what would you be doing?}

{Nuh uh! That wasnt part of the dealio. You get to make that part up on your own!}

She took a second and realized she wasn't really sure where she was going with this. Up to this point she was just seeing how far she could take it and maybe turn him on a bit. She reached a hand down to feel her wetness and grazed against her clit, sending electricity all up and down her spine and causing her to gasp out loud. She realized she was way too horny at this point. Now she wanted him to help make her cum and to fuel her fantasy. No, she needed more than that. She wanted to go to her room and pull out her toys and spend the rest of the night there!

Bloop!

Aiden{That's so cold. Are you sure you don't want to have a little dirty session? Think about it. You can imagine being here with me now as I caress my cock. You can't help but to get flustered and I notice that your nipples have gotten hard. I slowly lean over closer to you and let go of my cock as I pull your shirt and bra down. I look up at you teasingly as I slowly, excruciatingly slowly, flick your nipple with my tongue. Your turn.}

She was reading his message and was getting uncomfortably into it. She started to touch herself halfway through the message. God he knew how to describe the things that he wanted to do to her. No, the things that he would be doing to her if he was there right now. She had a tiny orgasm as she imagined him flicking his tongue across her hard nipple. Unfortunately, the only attention her nipple was getting was a pinch from her own fingers. The little relief she got from her mini orgasm only served to fuel her further and she started to feel a haziness in her head. She wanted him badly, and now. She made up her mind that she would have him tonight. She decided to go for broke.

{1568 Heming Ave. apt 24. Cum ;) over now.}

She watched as the chat window flashed that he was typing for about 20 seconds. He obviously wasn't sure what to say.

Aiden{Really?}

Ha. It sure took a long time to type that.

She was excited, hoping he would take the bait and come give her the pleasure she really wanted.

{If you come over, now, I'll let you touch me.}

---------

Bloop!

Aiden{You're not allowed to touch your clit until I get there, no cumming. Understand?}

That took her a little bit by surprise and took her clit by surprise too. She felt that tingle again from her neck as it went down and hit her clit, a slight gasp escaping her involuntarily.

{kk ;)}

Right before she hit enter, she saw he had logged off. She leaned back and reality set in a bit. Was this a good idea? I mean, she didn't know that much about this guy but he seemed like a nice guy. She felt safe physically at least, he wasn't the type to force himself upon her. The thought caused her lust to break through her thoughts and she thought with a chuckle that she really wouldn't care at this point. She wanted him too bad.

She relaxed and sunk into her chair and started to drift off thinking about what his body might be like. She was glancing over his abs in her mind when she realized she was touching her clit. Screw that. I can do what I want, she thought. He wont know anyways. She went back to touch her clit and oddly, something felt wrong. She didn't know why but she felt like she wanted to do what he said. She had agreed to it after all. She sat there and struggled with her conscience which told her no while her lust was driving her to make herself come. 

She decided to just pay extra attention to the rest of her body, that would be good enough. She begin rolling her nipples between her fingers and they hardened immediately. She pinched them after that was no longer enough and she instantly felt a flood of wetness as she cried out quietly, arching her back in frustration. She sat up panting and her hand flew uncontrollably down to her clit once again. She started to feel herself sweating as she struggled, wanting to come so so badly. She succeeded in not touching it though even though it looked like something was physically stopping her from stretching that last inch to put her finger in contact with her clitoris. She threw her arms out panting and then realized a full 15 minutes had...

Knock Knock Knock!

The sound sent a chill down her spine and she felt short of breath as she felt a sudden surge of sexual energy. Her heart started racing as she slowly stood up trying to calm herself so that she could answer the door. She had never walked so slowly than she was now as she tried to calm herself on the way to the door. She peeked through the peephole and saw him. The energy she was feeling was coursing through her body and seeing him made all of that energy ignite. But instead of losing control she felt a serene sort of calm wash over her as she decided to give him the best orgasm he had ever and would ever have in his life.

She felt more confident than ever before in her life as she opened the door and stood halfway behind it as she just stared at him through the mostly opened door. She bit her lip as she noticed how nice he looked. He had a cocky smile on his face he was wearing that red pair of pants that she had complimented him on just the other night a couple of weeks ago. He was wearing a more tight-fitting shirt than he usually wore (or maybe he had just been working out extra hard.) She noticed that he looked pretty good actually and got even more excited as she noticed that she could see his pants starting to get just a bit tighter as he looked at her.

She was wearing an all black bra with all black boy short panties and nothing else. She was standing with her back slightly arched sticking her ass out ever so slightly. She knew she looked amazing in this pose and he was drinking her in with his eyes, which seemed to be kindled to a low fire at this very moment.

"Are you going to come in?" She said.

He just nodded as he walked in to the doorway putting all of his weight on one foot at a time, walking as slowly as possible, it seemed. He didn't stop approaching though as he entered her space and strongly but gently pushed the door out of the way. He never stopped coming closer though, looking at her dead in the eyes with that damn cocky grin still on his face. It was making her feel like she was being seduced and maybe she was. Just as she realized he smelled really good he leaned in and she closed her eyes, standing just slightly on her toes to make up the height. He backed her up just a few inches into the nearby wall and he denied her the kiss she wanted as he forcefully grabbed her hips and slid his lips down to her neck bone as she exhaled, realizing she had been holding her breath for quite some time. All should could hear was her heartbeat which had returned to full speed.

She looked down and noticed his arms looked flexed and full as he squeezed the sides of her ass, nearly lifting her whole weight off the ground in his grasp. She realized now that she was far too turned on to care about anything except getting his cock in her mouth. This thought pushed everything out of her mind and she looked upward as he ravished her neck and gently bit down on her. She could feel and hear his hot breath as she just enjoyed the sensation.

When she gained her composure just a bit she attempted to tear him away from her neck so that she could go down to her knees. But, he was already moving. Down. 

Oh god, she thought. He wasn't lying earlier.

She was a little bit disappointed as he began sliding her panties down and off of her feet, one by one. She had wanted his dick in her mouth. That would have to wait tho...

Gasp!

She couldn't help but to gasp aloud as his tongue found her clit immediately. She was already so wet but she could feel the wetness his tongue provided as it slid easily up and down her clit and between her lips. She was going crazy as he flicked is tongue up and down. Gently at first but then more firmly as he threw one of her legs over his shoulder and she realized she probably couldn't escape even if she had wanted to. But she had absolutely no intention on trying to escape. The only thought she had was that she was finally going to get to cum.

She was panting against the wall, running her fingers through his hair as he caused her to ride higher and higher approaching orgasm. God, he was good at this, she thought. She could practically see the crest of her orgasmic wave approaching as he all but stopped.

Noooo! She screamed in her head, but it really just came out as a series of N's. She tried to grip his head with her knee as she increased the pressure on his head with her hands.

"Did you come while I was on my way here?" He said.

"Oh God, no I didn't just keep licking me!"

"Did you touch your clit?" He said, with just a little bit too serious of a tone.

She hesitated. He saw. She knew she was busted.

"Only once, and then when I realized, I stopped. I promise!"

He stood up and put that fucking asshole arrogant grin back on his face as he said, "You don't get to cum yet. Suck my cock."

She was furious that he would talk to her like that. She stood up and went to slap him and then realized that somehow her hand had found his crotch. She heard that familiar sound of her heart beating in her ears as she realized that she was dropping to the floor. Everything was drowned out by the beating as she practically ripped his zipper down and shoved his pants down to his knees.

Dun Dun. Her heart beat.

He began taking off his shirt as she slowly slid his underwear down his thighs. His cock bounced as the band of his boxers finally let it free. She caught the head between her lips and looked up to see that cocky grin still on his face. She wanted to make him melt like she did. She made a half-trip down his cock barely grazing her lips around his shaft. She knew he would barely be able to feel it. She closed her mouth around it and moved back as she sucked forcefully on it and made a pop sound as she moved her mouth off of it.

She looked up at him with a playful grin as she saw him clench his jaw, and then his hands slightly as he looked slightly up toward the ceiling still smiling, but it was no longer a cocky smile.

"How long have you wanted to be where you are now with me kneeling at your feet worshiping your cock?" She said.

He obviously was having trouble speaking as she gave a full lick from the base to the tip half way through his first word.

"For...hmm. Probably since the night we met."

She made eye contact and smiled, "I thought so."

She gave a few more licks, moistening his cock before she grabbed it once again in her lips and slowly descended upon it. Opening and closing her mouth around it as she went, as if her lips were crawling down his shaft. She maintained eye contact as she saw that his grin was completely gone and he looked on with pure lust as she bottomed out on his cock. 

Well, not quite, she realized. There was still about an inch or two to go with him at the back of her throat. She picked up the pace as she started really working his cock in and out of her mouth. Slow enough that he wanted more with just the right amount of suction and plenty of saliva. She loved to slide a cock in and out of her mouth and she realized that she could probably sneak some flicks at her clit while she was servicing him. She went to touch her clit but once again she felt like she was breaking some rule. She got a rush of excitement as she decided to ask.

"Can I touch my clit?" She asked with a pouty face as she came off his cock.

He looked down panting and sort of came to as he realized what she had said.

"Oh. Yes you can. Just don't cum." He said with an Or Else expression.

She wiped that smile off his face, making him gasp as she really picked up the pace, flicking her clit with her finger and sliding his cock in and out of her mouth faster than before.

"Fuck! Your mouth feels amazing!"

She felt like she could come almost immediately. She was panting and gyrating her hips as she really got into servicing his cock. She had to slow down her finger once, twice, three times before she realized it was no use. She had to have him, and now.

She popped off his cock and jacked it with her hand very slowly as he looked down, seeing her obvious passion. No words were needed.

She turned around and led him by his cock over to the nearby sofa. With her knees unbent and her legs spread apart, she leaned over the back of the couch and guided him right to her waiting hole. She looked back and tried to give him fuck me eyes but he was already beginning to enter her. He didn't take it slowly and there was no need to, she was dripping wet from the anticipation.

They both exhaled, "Fuck" as he bottomed out inside her. She began gyrating her hips as he started pumping in and out of her pussy at full speed. Her legs were shaky already and she felt her orgasm coming. She exploded after only a handful of thrusts into a mind-shattering orgasm. She couldn't make a sound as she came all over his cock. He was still pumping and and out of her as she looked back and saw a fiery look in his eyes. He had held on for her through her orgasm and she was glad because she was feeling the pleasure increase again as she started riding the wave back up. After a few minutes, she could tell he was getting close as he had his eyes shut, obviously trying to shake it off.

She pushed him out of her and guided him around the couch. She pushed his chest as he fell backward sitting, on the couch. She followed just behind him, straddling him. His cock was throbbing, searching for her pussy as he grabbed her ass strongly with both hands. She kissed him softly, both hands running through his hair. It served to ease the tension a bit as she gyrated her hips, rolling around trying to find his cock. She grazed against it a couple times, he obviously had calmed down a bit just before she found his cock and succeeded in putting it where it belonged.

She dropped down all the way in one movement and began grinding on him with his cock buried in her as deeply as it could go. He was hitting her in all the right spots and she felt her orgasm quickly approaching. He was watching her face as she started bouncing up and down on him, bringing him closer and closer to the edge. Their eyes locked and she ground her hips once, twice, three times before he gasped out.

"Fuck!" He started to come.

She exploded into the biggest orgasm she had ever had in her life. All she could see was white. Her entire being was centered on feeling his hard pulsing cock deep inside her as she rode it through her orgasm. He grabbed her around the back and made to move her off of him. Realizing he was trying to get her off, she pushed his hands out of the way.

"Just Cum!" She said, forcefully.

She began to feel rope after rope of cum shooting into her as he pulled her strongly into him. He mashed himself against her chest as he spurted again and again, deep into her. She wasn't sure if she was screaming or silent as she rode wave after wave of her orgasm. It seemed to go on for minutes as she felt her pussy spasm over and over, squeezing his cock as it throbbed and jetted his load into her. Eventually, she looked down as he was jerking slightly as her pussy was milking out the last few spurts of his cum. He looked up at her again with an exhausted smile. One of complete satisfaction.