 The sound of the computer signing on always made her excited. She looked forward to seeing if he was online. Her hands were shaking. She wanted to ask him something, something important, and it was a big step for her. 

There he was. Christopher's screen name glowed on her screen and she couldn't help but smile. Hi she typed, and waited. His little smiley was his signature response to her hellos. She could barely contain herself. He has been asking her to meet with him for months, but she was too scared to say yes, he just about gave up asking. This time, she was going to surprise him and be the first to ask. How are you babe, he asked. Great, she replies, I have something to ask you. Shoot, he types back. She takes a deep breath and starts to type the well thought out way she decided to ask him. Well I know I have been a bit shy lately about meeting with you. We have been talking so long, I feel like I know you so well. And I think its time we met, in person, that is, if you still want to. She finished typing, held her breath and hit enter, and waited to see what he said. There wasn't an answer right away and she started to get nervous, her stomach clenching up a bit. Finally he sends her a little laughing smiley. He thinks I'm toying with him, she laughs to herself. So to show him she is serious she says, meet me at George's bar in 20 minutes, you have seen pictures – but do you think you will recognize me? Again it takes him a moment to respond and he says, absolutely I would know you in a crowd of thousands. See you soon, she types and signs off before she loses her nerve. 

She had spent hours earlier that day trying to pick out the perfect outfit to accentuate her body. She had to look perfect. This man had changed her life, and she hoped he would want her as much as she wanted him. 

He was sitting at the bar with a drink in his hand looking around. She could see him and he was just as gorgeous as he looked in his pictures. He didn't see her walk in – so she just stood and watched him for a moment – taking in his sandy brown hair and beautiful eyes. When he turned to her, standing framed in the doorway, he smiled. He did recognize her. She was so nervous she could barely move. He stood up and started toward her. God he is so hot, she thought to herself. The way his legs looked in those jeans was just about more then she could take. He had a single white rose for her. "Sam?" he stated more then asked and put the rose in her hand. A tingle ran through her when his fingers touched hers. They stood there for a long time just looking at each other. Finally she whispered, "Christopher, at last we meet" barely able to get the words out of her mouth. They both laughed. Sam leaned in to hug this man, the man who brought her out of a terrible depression, and made her want to live again. Before she realizes it, she is in his arms, warm and safe. She closes her eyes and can't help but take in his scent. She is so turned on by him, and she has never met him until this moment. She begins to wonder if she in out of her mind. 

He puts his hand on the small of her back and she is a bit disappointed that he pulled away from her, and pulled her back to reality. They sit down and she has no idea what to say, she is just captivated by his eyes, his scent, his body. Her mind begins to wander about what she wants to do to him, and her nipples harden instantly. She looks down and tries to cross her arms to cover her body's betrayal of her feelings, but its too late he has seen her response and smiles. "So I'm not the only one who is a bit aroused by all this, eh?" he says. "Your beautiful when you blush Sam." She smiles and looks down. He takes the rose he had given her and places it in her hair, and smiles. How can this sumptuous man want her? He is Adonis and she is plain Jane. He takes her chin in his hand and says "Stop thinking that" as if he read her mind. "You know me so well" she sighs and laughs. 

They talked for what seemed like hours. He was so close to her, her senses heightened. She clasped her hands around her drink to try to get her head together. Closing her eyes, she tries to concentrate on the cold glass in her hands, to clear the thoughts of him naked out of her head. When she opens her eyes he is inches from her face. She takes a quick breath in, and he brushes his lips against hers. A bolt of passion shoots through her body and she puts her hand on the side of his neck and gently pulls him back to her. She knew that it would feel like this. Like a million volts of electricity had just passed from his lips to hers. His hand tentatively moves to her face then down her neck. She can't restrain herself any longer. "Christopher... will you come back to my apartment?" He says yes before she can even finish her sentence. He tosses a few twenties on the table and in a moment they are up and out the door. He followed her to her apartment, and quickly walked hand in hand up to the door. She puts the key in the door and he stops her before she can open it. "Are you sure?" he asks, his excitement showing on his face. Always the gentleman she thinks, then smiles at him and turns the door handle to open the door. He wraps his arms around her waist, kissing her deeply and lifting her up and into her living room – pushing the door closed with his foot behind them. 

Her heart was beating so hard she was afraid he could hear it. He gently put her down and she slipped off her shoes without leaving his embrace. She pulls his neatly tucked in shirt out of his jeans and unbuttons it. His chest was tanned and she can't help but running her hands over the smooth skin, up under the now open shirt pushing it off his shoulders. It falls to the floor silently. 

He moves his hands down her neck to her waiting breasts. The shirt she picked out is spread over them tightly, and she had caught him looking at them several times that night. He stroked her nipples that were straining against the soft fabric. She let out a soft gasp and closed her eyes. Sam had dreamed about his hands on her body for so long, she began to wonder if this was real or another vivid creation of her mind. His hot breath on her neck proved this was all too real and she took his hand and led him to her bed.

Sitting on the edge of the bed he pulled her between his knees and looked up at her. His hands move to the hem of her shirt and run up under it, his hands resting on the warm skin just above her hips. As she looked down at him – she realized he has his eyes closed. "Are you ok?" she asked in a hushed voice, worried he had changed his mind. He opened his eyes and looked up at her. "You have no idea how long I have been waiting for this. I want to savor every touch, every curve of your body, every inch of your skin." Her nervousness melted away and she knew she was his to do with as he pleased. 

Christopher slowly slid her pants down over her thighs, letting his fingers dance over the skin. A shiver rolled across her body like the wind across a wheat field. She pushed her hips close to his face and he kissed her belly. Sam ran her fingers through his hair, and let out a soft sigh. He stood up and slowly moved his hands up her body and pushed her shirt up and over her head. "Do you like what you see?" she asked tentatively, and he growled against her neck in approval. His response gave her a bit more confidence and she pushed him back on the bed. "Then maybe you will like this too...." 

Walking over to the radio she pushed the button and sexy music flowed from the speakers. Slowly swinging her hips to the music, putting on a little show for him, Christopher's smile grew bigger and bigger, as well as another part of his anatomy. Pleased that he was enjoying her performance only added to her seductiveness. She paraded around the bed and teased him with idea of her taking off her clothes. His manhood was straining against his jean – begging to be freed. Reaching around to her back, and undoing the hooks on her bra made him sit up right on the mattress. Letting the straps fall, painfully slow made him lean forward on his hands and knees. Sam wondered how long she could hold off from letting it fall to the floor, and what would he do when she did. Turning her back to him she let the lace bra fall to the floor and she looked back over her shoulder. 

Christopher was kneeling on the edge of the bed, eyes trained on her back. She rolled her shoulder toward him giving him a profile view of her ample breasts. I can't believe I am doing this she thought to herself, as she hooked her thumbs in the band of the matching lace panties. Sliding them off one hip, she glanced back over her shoulder to the captivated audience on the bed. Christopher was already half way across the room and she turned on her heels and let the panties fall to the floor. He stopped dead in his tracts. For a moment, as she stood before him completely exposed, her heart skipped a beat. Why did he stop? Her hands began to tremble. She didn't know if she should say something or walk away. They both stood for what seemed like an eternity, a tear welled up in her eye rolled down her cheek. "You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen" he said. And when he scooped her up in his arms, she had already forgotten about the tear. 

He positioned her softly on the pillows. "I want to kiss every inch of your body Sam." he said, covering her with soft, powdered sugar kisses. He whispered how perfect each part of her body was before he kissed it. "The soft curve of your neck, the rise of your breasts, the beautiful pink nipples." On and on he lavished her body and her mind until she didn't think she could take it anymore. "I want to feel your naked body against mine" she said, and reached for his belt. He positioned himself on his side facing her as she worked on his belt and then the button of his jeans. Once they were open she could see his hardness outlined by the thin material of his boxers. Sam felt like a virgin again, excited and scared at the same time. She pulled his jeans down and couldn't take her eyes off him as he was exposed bit by bit. He was everything she imagined and more. He could never be as nervous as I was, she thought, he is perfect. Once he was down to his boxers, Christopher surprised her by asking her to wait. "I feel like a kid taking off my clothes for the first time in front of a girl" he chuckled. She couldn't believe her ears. Here was a man she thought was flawless, but he was just as vulnerable as she was. At that exact moment, Sam fell in love. 

He pulled her hand to his lips and kissed her palm softly. Then he placed it on the waistband of his boxers and smiled at her. Gently she pulled them down. His hard cock was standing at attention. Sam laid her body on top of Christopher's. They fit together perfectly. She could feel is hardness against her thigh and his warm skin touching every inch of her own. They kissed deeply. They explored the uncharted territory of their bodies. He was licking her nipples, sucking each on into his mouth. A small moan escaped her and he smiled. 

Sam wanted to taste him. Beginning at his ear and licking her way down his neck and chest, down his stomach to that place just below the belly button, lingering there to tease him. Slowly trailing her tongue down one thigh, making sure she didn't touch his manhood, her hair hung lightly over his hips. Sam positioned herself at the bottom of the bed between Christopher's knees. Placing small kisses over every inch of his thighs. Then looking up to watch his reaction, she leaned up a bit and placed a soft gentle kiss on the head of his cock. Christopher closed his eyes drew a sharp breath in, and held it. Not taking her eyes off of him she lowered her head and let her warm lips and tongue wash over his head. Swirling her tongue slowly, using her hand on the rest of the shaft. Tongue sliding down the underside and then back up. Licking down, under his balls then slowly back up to the head. Sam's head bobbed up and down as she mercylessly devoured his cock. Little streams of drool slid down his dick and over the hand she was using to stroke him. He tasted so good she didn't think she would ever stop sucking him.

Christopher was making small noises and he opened his eyes to find her eyes still locked on his. The moment was so intense. He couldn't take anymore, and he leaned forward and took hold of her shoulders, moving her onto her back. He pulls the rose, that until now was in her hair, tucked behind her ear, and runs it over each breast, making Sam's nipples tight with desire. Down her belly, and softly over the little tuft of hair she had at the top of her now very wet slit. Letting the rose lay there, he nudges her thighs open a bit and she willingly lets her knees fall open. When he leans down to take the rose in his teeth he can smell her sweetness. Letting the rose fall to the bed he lowers his head down and let the tip of his tongue graze her swollen labia. Chills run over Sam's body. She grips the bed sheets in an attempt to get control of her mind which is spiraling out of control. Just when she thinks she can think again, he pushes his tongue deep into the warm, wet folds of her pussy. 

"Ohhhhh" she gasps, as she loses control of reality and turns her self over to the pleasure of the moment. 

Noticing the white knuckled hold she has on the sheets, Christopher reaches up takes her hands in his. She grips them so tightly that he stops for a moment.

"Are you ok?" he asks her. Looking down at him was all the response he needed. Her face was flush but she was smiling with pure passion, and her eyes were dancing wildly. 

Christopher dips his tongue back into her pussy and slides up to the hood of her clit, pushing it back to expose the hard little nub. Sam lets out a long low moan and encourages him even more. He plunges his tongue deep into her waiting hole over and over, gaining momentum with each thrust. He can tell she is nearing orgasm when she take handfuls of his hair in her hands. 

"OH GOD YES BABY!" she cries over and over. She bucks her hips and pushes his face deep into her pussy when she finally is pushed over the edge into climax. His face is awash in her juices and he laps up as much as he can, savoring the taste he waited so long to enjoy. 

Christopher crawls up her body like a jungle cat on the hunt and takes hold of her wrists and pulls them over her head. She hears that animal growl deep in his throat. She can't help but think of Tarzan and Jane. His animal like behavior drives her insane, and she can't wait to become his prey. 

He lays his body on top of hers, and she realizes how much bigger then her that he is. Dwarfed by his broad shoulders and big hands holding her arms, her face buried in his chest, she closes her eyes, again letting the passion of the moment take control of her senses. 

Hovering over her, teasing her with the head of his cock. Sam was completely at his mercy. She tried to raise her hips to urge him inside of her, but with his full weight on top of her, and his hands holding her arms – she was totally pinned against the bed. Excitement and fear mingled together in her head. She felt she knew this man better then she knew herself, but there was still that fear in the back of her head that she had never met this man until tonight. 

"Please...." she whispered, pleading with him not to torture her any longer. 

"Your sure your ready?" he asked her

"Yes" The word barely escaped her lips and she pushed the head into her waiting pussy. Sam gasped and her body tensed. 

Christopher had a vice like grip on her arms, and she still had the mix of emotions running through her head. Their arms were both extended up over her head, and he used his elbows against her shoulders to push deep into her slippery slot. 

"AAAAHHHHHhhhh" she cried out. There was no time for her pussy to stretch to accommodate his fat dick, he just forced it in. Pain was quickly replaced with pleasure and he withdrew and drove it home again. 

"You like that?" he groaned into her ear. "Yea" was all she could manage to say as he lay into her pussy once again. Pushing her hips up as much as she could, she rose up to meet him thrust for thrust. Faster and faster he pumped into her sweet pussy. Sam struggled to move as another wave of climax washes over her, but he has her well under control and he just continues to fuck her like an animal. 

Sweat from their crazed exertion had puddled in the soft curve of her bellybutton. Sam locks her ankles around his bare ass and pulls him deeper into her. Sam cant control her self and her cries of passion she doesn't even realize are coming from her own mouth. Christopher's low growl had returned and she could hear nothing else. The sound was completely intoxicating, urging her on. The raspy sounds were more then she could take and her 3rd climax hit her as Christopher thrust into her one last time and he filled her convulsing pussy full of cum.

He collapsed on top of her, exhausted from the fervor of their pace. Sam's head was spinning as she came down from her orgasm. "Was that worth the wait?" she asked him and Christopher rolled over next to her and pulled her to him. Her head was cradled in the crook of his arm, and she nestled against him, totally satisfied and blissfully worn out. 

As she drifted off to sleep, she heard him whisper to her, "I would have waited a life time to be with you, and a life time is what I hope we have together."