 On October 31, 1864, the Nevada territory was granted statehood into the United States, making it the thirty-sixth state. In 1993, the Nevada State legislation designated October 31 as a state holiday, or Nevada Day. Then, in 2000, they decided to make the last Friday in October the day Nevadans celebrate Nevada Day. This is a fancy way of saying school and state government buildings are closed on the last Friday of October.

So why am I boring you with a history lesson? So you better understand my story. My boss, Jacob Hoskins, is a native born Nevadan who is proud of his state's history. He requires all of his employees to learn things about Nevada. Luckily, he's not really anal about it. His biggest thing is us knowing about Nevada Day. Since he liked having Halloween off as a kid, we still close on October 31 regardless of what day of the week it falls on. Our clients know this is just how he is.

This year, the Sesquicentennial, or 150th anniversary of Nevada Day, aka Halloween, is on a Friday. Jacob has announced we are having a huge Halloween party in the office on Thursday so we can enjoy our Nevada Day with our family and friends. Now, Jacob throws us a nice Christmas party every year before we shut down for two weeks at Christmas, the way the public school do. It's just cheaper to shut-down for the two weeks than to run a skeleton crew for maybe two clients.

Oh, right, you don't know what we do, we're a moderately sized accounting firm. There are about thirty or so people who work there from accountants to secretaries. We work with a few smaller, local casinos here in Las Vegas, and some other local business owners. They all know we don't work Nevada Day, Halloween, the week of Thanksgiving, and the two weeks at Christmas. I'm not an accountant though, I'm a secretary, Jacob's secretary to be exact.

Who am I, you ask? Oh, I'm Morgan Schneider. Though, some who know me might say, "The Queen of Bad Decisions." Why? Well, about two or three years ago I was dating a guy named Clinton Moore. Clint, as we all called him, was a smooth talker, and a hell of a lover. He convinced me to move to Las Vegas with him where he claimed he had a great job opportunity waiting. Like my nickname implies, I followed. His great job opportunity was working for a local casino owner during the day, and stealing cars or dealing drugs at night.

Now, I didn't know about his night work until the day the cops arrived to raid our home and arrest us both. I felt so foolish. I didn't know what to do. I mean, I had only been here a few months, and had no family or friends I could call for help. Clint decided to call his boss, Mr. Rocca, for help. Mr. Rocca came with his lawyers. They read the charges and went to work. I was nearly conned into signing a confession I didn't understand that would have cost me several years behind bars by a cop I thought I could trust. When all was said and done, I was released and the charges against me were dropped. Clint, on the other hand, was convicted and sentenced to ten years.

Though, my troubles didn't end there. I was fired from my job because of the arrest, and was evicted from the apartment I shared with Clint. In fact, I was packing my bags when Mr. Rocca arrived at my home with an offer I couldn't refuse. He said he knew Clint was a sleazebag and had been investigating him for some time. It's how he knew I was innocent and why he fought so hard to get the charges against me dropped. This was all fine and dandy, I told him, but it didn't solve my current problem.

That's when he made me an offer I couldn't refuse. Well, I guess I could have, but only if I was stuck on stupid, which I was trying not to be anymore. He needed a girl to work in an accounting firm as a secretary and spy to see if they were stealing from him. He worked with three different ones, and he was sure one was stealing from him, but he wasn't sure. Of course I jumped at the chance. Then he helped me pack my bags and took me to what would be my new apartment, on the other side of town. It was a nice one bedroom place that more than met my needs.

It was there in my new apartment, Mr. Rocca made me pay for his services. It was a night of hot, passionate sex. Mr. Rocca was an incredible lover, but made it very clear, this was a one night event and I was to never speak of it again. I have a job and a roof over my head so trust me, I have never spoken of it, until now.

That's how I met Jacob Hoskins. Mr. Hoskins is a handsome man in his late thirties, with dark auburn hair, and piercing gray eyes. He always wears a three-piece suit with a vest, tie, slacks, jacket, and starched shirt. He wasn't thrilled about hiring me, as he suspected I was a plant, but he agreed to give me a month trial because he was in dire need of a secretary after his last one had to leave because her Air Force husband was transferred to Europe.

Mr. Hoskins was all business, but his former secretary was something else. After a week, I still couldn't figure out her filing system so I decided to stay late one night to try to reorganize it. Once I thought everyone had left, I kicked off my shoes, and started pulling files. After a couple of hours, I slipped off to the bathroom. When I returned, I saw two men moving around my desk. In a panic, I slipped into an open office and called the police.

Imagine my embarrassment when I learned my "intruders" were my boss and his driver/bodyguard. Turns out he was investigating why someone was still in the building after hours and had also called the police. Once it was clear no one was committing a crime, the officer who had come scolded us both.

But my surprises didn't end there. Mr. Hoskins didn't fire me, but had me come in the following Saturday and helped me reorganize the files. Turned out we were over-billing some clients and under-charging others. Those we overcharged, we notified that they had a credit for their loyalty, the under-billed ones were told of a price increase to help make-up for our losses. It totally worked. Mr. Rocca was one of those overcharged clients. He told me later he was so glad I was there to fix the problem with the billing.

Fast forward to October, and I was in need a costume for our Nevada Day/Halloween party at the office. I decided this year I would find the sexiest costume I could and since Halloween was also on a Friday, I would wear it to a local bar for their annual Halloween contest. The problem was, this is Vegas, and being the sexiest woman in a bar is never easy.

I hit several costume shops, but the quality was so poor, or the prices were so high, it wasn't looking good. However, I'm not the kind of girl who gives up easily, and if I had to, I'd hodge-podge a costume. I went into what I thought was yet another costume shop, but it was a consignment store with a slew of nice clothes. Only in Las Vegas could such a place exist.

That's where I found it, the perfect costume. I swear it was practically custom made for me. It hugged every curve in a way that made me sexy without being slutty. I bought it on the spot with the matching shoes that were also in my size. The sales clerk smiled wickedly at me as I paid her. I figured she knew this outfit would probably get me laid, and I was hoping she was right.

My costume only needed some make-up for me that was more unique than what I normally wore, but that was fine, and easier to find than the costume. I realized after I got home my costume even came with the jewelry needed to make the look complete.

Thursday, October 30th, came quickly and we closed early so everyone could go home, change into their costumes, and come back. The best part was we still got paid for the full day. I was so excited to put on my new costume and get back to the office. I was careful putting everything on, including styling my hair and putting on my make-up. A last look in the mirror told me I'd definitely turn a few heads tonight and tomorrow.

When I arrived, the party was already in full swing. Mr. Hoskins spared no expense. There was a local band, caterers, and some amazing decorations. Our normal conservative office was now a haunted office with surprises behind every door. All the normal office furniture was moved into a few of the back offices so we had access to the bigger rooms for the party.

"Oh my god!" exclaimed Carla, one of the other secretaries, wearing a poodle skirt and blouse. "Where did you get that costume?"

"Better yet," asked Sandra, wearing a long princess gown, "where did you get that body?"

I smiled proudly and spun around to show the girls my entire belly-dancer/genie costume. The top was a golden bra and the harem pants were purple and green, trimmed in gold coins and lace. My veil was a sheer purple that covered my nose and mouth and connected with the purple and golden hat. I pulled my hair up into a single pony tail that was woven through the hat. The shoes were golden and the jewelry was very gypsy like, so I jingled as I walked.

"You like?"

"Like?" exclaimed Carla. "I fucking love!"

"Seriously, where did you find this?" asked Sandra.

"Local consignment shop. I think it was in Winchester or Spring Valley, but it might have been Paradise."

"You're going to give every straight guy a fucking boner," said Carla.

We all laughed and headed in. Turned out I was the only one who dared to dress like I did. I didn't care, I was a sexy, single woman living in Las Vegas who was hoping to get laid tomorrow night, and I wasn't about to buy a special costume for my work. It wasn't like I was naked.

The party was a huge hit. The band was fantastic and the food was amazing. I danced with several coworkers and a few of the accountants, though their wives didn't quite approved. Oh well. The only person I didn't see was Mr. Hoskins. I was sure he was there, but other than seeing Hunter, his bodyguard/driver, he was nowhere to be found.

I was surprised when Mr. Rocca stepped up wearing a stripped zoot-suit and looking like an old gangster from the Roaring Twenties, and smiled at me. "Well don't you look sexy tonight?"

"Mr. Rocca!" I exclaimed. "Pleased to see you tonight."

"How's the job going?"

"Great! Mr. Hoskins has been a wonderful boss and I can't even begin to thank you for helping me get this job."

"As I recall, you already did."

"Oh, right," I giggled.

"So, how well do you know your boss?"

"What do you mean?"

"Have you met any of his family?"

"Not that I'm aware of. Why?"

"Oh, because he's got a few skeletons in his closet."

"Don't we all?"

"Well, he has a surprise or two as well."

That comment about the surprise or two struck me as odd, but I blew it off and said, "Well, he's a great boss and considering all I've been through, I've nothing to complain about."

"Well that's good to hear."

A woman with salt and pepper hair, dressed as a Roaring Twenties flapper stepped up and asked, "And who's this?"

"Morgan, my lovely wife Tatum Rocca. Tatum, this is Morgan Schneider. She was the young lady I rescued from jail when that idiot I hired got arrested."

"Oh yes," she said, her voice had a clear air of high society. "The secretary you fucked."

I was taking a drink when she said that and I instantly choked. Mr. Rocca didn't look pleased that I had spit my drink on him, but it really wasn't my fault. "What the fuck is wrong with you Tatum?" he snapped.

"Are you denying you fucked her?"

I was still gasping for air when he said, "Yes I am. I told you, Clint was a sleaze-bag and the cop was trying to get this poor girl to sign a confession she didn't understand. If she had been guilty, she wouldn't be here now."

I finally was able to catch my breath and said, "Mr. Rocca talked to Mr. Hoskins on my behalf."

Mrs. Rocca looked at Mr. Rocca and me, then said, "You two better be telling me the truth. If I find out you fucked my husband, prison will be the least of your worries little girl."

Did I mention I'm a curvy, petite woman with blonde hair and blue eyes? Tatum Rocca is over six feet tall in her heels and thick salt and pepper hair. I smiled up at her and said, "You have nothing to worry about."

"Good! Now, let's get something to eat dear."

"It's was good seeing you again Morgan. And tell Jacob thanks again for adjusting my account. I was afraid I'd have to find another accountant."

"I'm sure he'll be happy about that."

"What adjustment are you talking about?" asked Tatum as they walked away.

"I told you dear, Jacob realized I was getting over-billed so I have a credit on my account..." Mr. Rocca's voice trailed off as they left.

Shortly after the Rocca's left, I noticed three men wearing full masks that I couldn't identify standing together. One was Frankenstein, one was a Wolf-Man, and one was the Phantom of the Opera. All three had the same build and I was sure one of them was Mr. Hoskins. The identity of the other two men was a mystery, but I liked the idea of a mystery. I smiled and flirted with all three, but none of them seem to react.

The party raged on and I decided to check out the haunted rooms. One was a cemetery with tombstones that bore the names of all the employees, including mine. I won't lie, that was a kinda creepy. Another was a mad scientist's laboratory where there was an assortment of bizarre experiments in jars. The next was made to look like a gourmet kitchen that's main ingredient was human body parts. Arms, legs, feet, hands, fingers, toes, and even heads hung along the walls. There was even a chef who looked a bit crazy inviting you in to have a taste. Though the décor said otherwise, the samples were rather delicious.

Each room I went into was creepier than the last and really added to the theme. The last room I visited was Mr. Hoskins's office. There was a coffin in the center of the room that was open and empty. I giggled at the thought of my boss being a vampire. The coffin was lined in dark red satin, a few candles were lit on my boss's desk that was covered in black satin, but the creepy vibe gave an erotic feel to the room. I could picture Mr. Hoskins fucking any woman of his choice on that desk, myself included.

"Good evening," said a man's voice.

I turned to see the Phantom standing behind me. "Good evening."

"What's a lovely young thing like you doing in a stuffy place like this?"

There was something familiar about his voice, but I wasn't sure who it was. "I work here."

He laughed. "I know that, silly."

"I know you, don't I?" I asked.

"You do," he said, locking the door and closing the gap between us.

I bit my lip. My heart raced. "Care to give me a hint?"

I could see him smile as he said, "Now, where would the fun be in that?"

I looked up into his gray eyes and knew instantly, who he was. "Mr. Hoskins?"

"Jacob, please. Tonight I'm Jacob," he replied.

He removed his mask, unhooked my veil, then took me into his arms and kissed me hard. Now, I'll admit that I've been attracted to my boss since the day I met him, but I assumed that he had a girlfriend or a wife. I mean, he's fucking gorgeous. In my humble opinion, what woman in her right mind wouldn't date him, let alone fuck him? Now he was kissing me in the way I had only fantasized about. I felt my nipples harden and my pussy dampen. So many naughty thoughts raced through my mind.

Jacob broke off our kiss and said, "I've been wanting to do that since you first started here. In fact, there are so many things I've wanted to do to you for so long now."

"Like what?" I asked, biting my lower lip.

"I wanted to put you over my knee and spank your bare bottom after your little stunt of staying late, then calling the police on me."

"In my defense, I didn't see you, only your outlines. Would you have had me done anything different?"

He paused, and ran his fingers along the edge of my face. "No, I don't think I would. But, you were here after hours without permission."

"True." I really couldn't argue with that.

"And then I've wondered what it would feel like to have you suck my cock while I'm on an important business call, especially with Mr. Rocca."

"Oh?" What did he know?

"I knew he sent you to spy on me."

"He thought you were stealing from him."

"Well, technically I was. But you helped me fix that. I knew right there and then, you were a keeper. In fact, because of you, we've actually made more money in the last quarter since the recession. Now, I want nothing more than to bend you over my desk and fuck you hard after I've fucked that smart mouth of yours."

Jacob's gray eyes burned with desire. It was clear what he wanted. He reached around and grabbed my pony tail hard enough to tell me he was serious without hurting me, then kissed me again. I could feel his hard cock pressing through his pants and into my abdomen. I reached down to unzip his slacks when he released me.

He stepped over to the coffin, grabbed the pillow and said, "I'm not a complete ass, you might want to set your knees on this."

I smiled. "Thanks. That would be nice."

Jacob moved to the edge of his desk and leaned back. "I was thinking of having you sit under my desk, but I think I'll save that for next week, that is, if you willing."

I smiled wickedly at him. "I might be."

He grinned. "I like the way you think. Now, where were we?"

I stepped up, tossed the satiny pillow on the floor by his feet, and said, "I believe I was about to fulfill your first wish, Master."

Jacob snickered. "So do I get three wishes then?"

"Sure," I said, unzipping his pants and freeing his steel-rod cock from his pants. "Please make your first wish to make it all official."

"I wish for you to suck my cock, but don't make me cum. Not yet, anyway."

"As you wish, Master," I said, kneeling down before him, on the pillow.

His cock was perfect. Not too thick, not too long, tanned with a purple mushroom head. His balls were darker, and firm. I wrapped my hand around his shaft, feeling its soft exterior and pulsing veins from his heartbeat. I licked the head, tasting the sweet, salty precum and purred. Jacob moaned softly, watching my every move.

I slid my mouth over the head, and took his cock into my mouth. Jacob gasped, but said nothing. I looked up at him and saw him smile. I licked and sucked this cock, taking a bit more until I had him fully in my mouth, and the head of his cock touched my throat.

"Fuck!" he gasped, grabbing my head.

Jacob started to thrust, fucking my mouth the way I hoped he would later fuck my pussy. I felt myself grow wetter as we worked together. I love sucking a man's cock, I really do. It's a skill I personally have spent years working to improve on. I listen to my partner. His words, his moans, his breathing. It all tells me what he likes, and doesn't like. I could tell Jacob liked what I was doing.

Jacob pulled me off his cock with a pop. Saliva was hanging from my mouth to his cock. I caught it with my tongue as he said, "That was fucking amazing! You've got skills that would rival... never mind... time for my second wish, Genie."

I smiled and stood up. "What would my Master wish for now?"

"Your pussy," he said. "I wish to eat your pussy and make you cum. But, within that wish I want to do things to you that you won't fight me on."

I wondered what he was up to, but since my goal was to get laid as long as he fucked me, I was willing to try almost anything."

"May I ask what?"

"I love anal, but it's not what I want tonight. I do however, have a toy, a brand new toy that I'd like to use on you."

"What is it?"

"A butt plug. I bought it when I first hired you and I swear it's never been used by anyone. I want to use it on you, train your ass to one day take my cock. If it hurts I will take it out."

Now, I had engaged in anal a few times, but I personally never cared for it. Most men treat your ass like your pussy, when it's so not the same. I liked the idea of 'training' my ass to one day take his cock.
