 Please vote on any story you read here at Literotica. Whether you like the story or not, it gives the author (and the site) an idea of what the public's responses are.

Thank you so very much...please enjoy.

As he lay facing her he looked down into the soft eyes gazing up into his. For a brief moment he stared in shock. A veil had been lifted, or so it seemed. Or maybe it was just that he had stopped playing games...with her and also with himself. Maybe he just suddenly grew up, but he could see what she had been holding out to him, for so long in their relationship. 

He wasn't sure at first just what he felt. Was it fear? Or was it longing, need? Or maybe something he didn't yet understand about himself. He lifted a slow, trembling hand to touch her cheek with his fingertips. He wanted to say something, but his usual store of witty words failed him this time. Silence stretched between them. It was almost uncomfortable to him, but just when he thought it would drive him to distraction she whispered a single phrase.

"It's all right."

He quietly heaved a relieved sigh and leaned down to brush her lips with his own. It was an offering to her for almost the first time since they came together. Usually he was in control, he held the reins of their lives together. He held the flow of emotions in his strong hands but for this night he understood. She let him have control. Not out of fear or out of amusement but because she trusted him. Though he stumbled from time to time, he would not hurt her on purpose. This he understood and the depth of her trust scared him. 

She was giving to him a gift that he only now understood. She had stayed by him, through so much and he had never given her that one thing she really needed. But now he would...if only for the night. 

Gently, more gently than ever before he caressed her face. He studied the line of her brow, her jaw. With his artist's eye he generally saw the physical beauty of a woman, but tonight he saw the glow that made her truly beautiful. He knew her face intimately. She wasn't a great beauty, but she had always brought him back to reality. He had never really known the reason.

She let out a little sigh and turned her lips to his hand. As her lips touched his palm he closed his eyes. The sensation was pleasant. Her lips on his palm always sent a jolt through his body. He took a slow breath as he felt the tip of her tongue, slowly, lightly licking down his palm. It wasn't a heavy touch, it tickled in fact, but it was so sensual. 

With only a touch, she eased him onto his back, her mouth still lightly massaging his palm. Once he lay flat she slowly moved her lips and tongue down his wrist, so slowly it was almost painful to him. His skin became sensitive to the tickle of her hair over his chest. He tried to control his breathing, to let her take control. It was hard, but this was so good.

She lifted her lips from his skin and blew lightly across the dampness. It caused little goose bumps to cross his skin. She smiled at the little moan that escaped his lips and then moved quickly up to his shoulder. She wanted him badly, so badly, but she wanted him to feel just how much he meant to her. 

She started again with the gentle, light kisses, this time along his collarbone. The skin was thin across his bone and she could feel his pulse under her tongue. As she made sure to trail her hair across her chest she could feel it jump. This was so delicious. Barely sexual, but she had him quivering with need. Now if he could only hold out, she would feast on his manly soft skin. He tasted so good.

Moving slowly, she moved down to the broad muscle of his pectorals. They were lightly covered with hair that glistened in the candlelight. She licked and kissed her way down slowly, inch by inch. He tasted so good to her tongue. She had wanted to take her time pleasing him, and it looked like he was going to let her.

Slowly, almost achingly slowly, she lightly dragged her tongue around his nipple. It tightened and grew erect, just as her own did in response. She could feel his hands move, coming to rest...one in her hair and one on her naked hip. She nibbled on his nipple, almost playfully. The gasp he let out made her giggle, breathlessly. 

She lifted her face and looked into his eyes for a few moments. His hand caressed her hair softly and he licked his lips. He mouthed for her to go on and she smiled. Bending her head, she returned to slowly tasting him. His head settled back, his eyes rolling shut. 

Unconscious of her own body's response to what he was doing, she pressed her body along his side. As she continued to lick down the center of his chest, she moved so that she had one of his legs pressed between her own. He could feel the wetness against the skin as her hips rocked gently against his leg. 

She was beginning to purr and moan as she licked and nibbled. It was harder than he thought to let her continue. He was fully aroused now. His penis was standing up a bit from his body.

He almost reached down to stroke himself, but he curled his fingers into a fist. "Let her do as she wishes," he thought. As she moved down his abdomen to his belly he gasped. She had dipped her tongue into his belly button. The wet tip of her tongue tickling him.

"Mmmmm," she commented as she rested her cheek briefly on his belly. "I see my attentions haven't gone to waste."

He chuckled, bouncing her head against his belly. "No, love. Nothing you do ever goes to waste."

She giggled, and then in one swift movement, darted her head down and licked the glob of pre-cum leaking from the tip of his penis. The sudden wetness made him gasp again. "Ohhhh," he moaned.

Finally bringing her hands into play, she wrapped one small hand around the base of his cock and moved her head down. She slowly closed her lips over the tip and sucked gently. Both of his hands came down into her hair. He tangled his fingers in the silken strands and did his best to breathe. The feel of her mouth was wonderful.

Concentrating only on pleasing her love, she started a slow up and down motion. She sucked gently as she pulled back, and licked as she slid down. It was not a fast, passionate movement she set up. More the same gentle, sensual touch that she had used to arouse him from the beginning. She wasn't trying to bring him to climax. No, she wanted taste him, to pleasure him for as long as she could. And she wanted to feel him inside her own body. To feel him fill her completely with his being. This was just a way to get him ready.

For an endless time she continued to gently suck on him, till she felt he was ready. She could feel his pulse throbbing now inside her mouth. His breathing was becoming harsh and she pulled back, letting him slip from her mouth with a quiet pop. With a final kiss to the wet organ, she slid up his body. 

She lay full out on top of him and took his hands and placed them on her hips. Then she put her hands on either side of his face and slowly, deeply kissed him. The kiss held all the love she held for him, and gave it to him. His head was swimming from what she had been doing and the kiss took his breath away. His hands moved from her hips, slipping one up to her breasts, and the other trying to slip between them.

She moaned and slid her legs to either side of his hips. She could feel his cock pressed against her outer vagina lips. She began to rock against him, rubbing her wetness along his shaft. She needed him, badly, but she was going to make this last as long as possible. As his hand moved between them she bit her lip. Pressing closer to him she shook her head a little bit. "Not yet love."

He took a deep breath and then nodded. "All right, just don't wait too long." He moaned again as he felt himself slip past the out lips of her vagina. "I need you. I need to be in you."

She moaned in response. "Just a little more." She could feel the pressure building. She gasped as a jolt went through her and then she pushed down. He slid inside her just as she tightened around him. She had rubbed against him long enough for a small orgasm to shoot through her body and the feel of his hard cock sliding into her was heaven.

Together they moaned and began rocking. Shudders past over them both. He grit his teeth. He was so close to cumming but he didn't want to so quickly. He wanted her to cum over and over before he did but doubted he could hold off. Her attentions had been too good.

With a groan he rolled her over, plunging deep inside of her quivering form. He thrust again and again, deep grunts coming from his chest. He could feel her vaginal walls tightening again and again, her voice calling out his name as her legs locked about his hips. The throes of her orgasm were the most intense he had ever experienced. The sharp prick of her nails in his skin made him thrust even harder. Just when he thought the intensity of her climax was too much, he too exploded in pleasure.

As they both slowed and came to rest, she opened her eyes and looked into his. As always, hers held a hint of wonder. She brought a slow, trembling hand to his face and touched his cheek. He looked down at her, a touch of that same wonder in his eyes. He spoke before she could. "I love you." Then he kissed her deeply.

As he broke the kiss, he whispered. "Never doubt that, love."

She smiled softly, her fingers trailing fire across his skin. "I never have." 

bigpapabare@2007