 Anna lay back on the sofa and slowly undid the top button of her corduroy jeans. She let one leg casually drop to the floor and undid another and then another button. Looking up at me she slid her hand into her jeans and began to fondle her moist pussy.

Her quiet whimpering and heavy breathing became more intense and she arched her head back as a wave of self induced pleasure hit her. After a few moments more she withdrew her hand which was glistening under the morning light coming through the window.

Beside the table was a jar of Honey which she had put on her toast earlier. I unscrewed the lid and placed one finger in it coming out with a dollop of honey on my finger. I brought it over to her mouth and she greedily lapped at it, sucking the finger until all the sweet substance was gone.

With the wet finger I slid down the middle of her blouse and underneath her jeans where her own hands had been moments earlier. She had nothing protecting her wet snatch save the Jeans and my finger instinctively found the top of her clit. Touching her love spot almost made her come on the spot, but I withdrew my finger and took the jeans off her shapely legs.

I took more honey on my finger and slowly let it drip into the pubic hair and pussy. I lowered my head downwards and began to lick her pussy in long strokes, making sure to get as much of the honey as possible down into her crack. After a while I began to delve as deep as possible into her slit with my tongue.

I could taste her juices and mixed with the honey they were sensational. I nibbled at her clit gently, causing her to lash her head around and set her flowing black mane in motion. She pulled her legs up to her chest and then slowly spread them wide. The years of gymnastics had obviously left her supremely supple.

I continued the long strokes with my tongue from the base of her pussy to her black pubic hair. As my strokes quickened so her bucking continued until finally she let out a loud lingering moan and rose on her feet, arching her back and closing her eyes.

As soon as she had come she immediately began to apologise, claiming it had been so long since she last had it. I asked her how long, interested to know how a woman as beautiful as her could not have any man she wanted. "It's been about two months now. My boyfriend is having difficulties at work and isn't up to it when he gets home." I knew the type. All ambition and career. If only he knew what he was missing out on.

I held her head in my hands and said that there was no need to apologise. I brought her lips up to meet mine and we kissed passionately, her getting a faint taste of honey and her own juices from my tongue. I asked her casually if her boyfriend had ever gone down on her before. She claimed he had once, but thought it too degrading. Not degrading enough however for her to go down on him whenever he wanted it.

"So how good would you rate your blow job?" I asked. "Well I have had a lot of practice, haven't I." her coyness was gone now, she surrendered to the moment and slowly began to peel off my shirt, one button at a time. When she was finished unbuttoning it she turned her attention to her own white blouse and began unbuttoning that too. She opened it wide, exposing the richness of her dark flesh and her beautifully shaped breasts. It was one of the first things I noticed when I walked into the house, she was not wearing a bra under her blouse.

I reached out and touched one of her nipples, feeling its hardness and noticing her arousal. She pushed my hand away gracefully and embraced me, rubbing her tits against my chest and stroking the growing mound in my trousers. I could feel her hard nipples pressed against my chest and I knew she had been true when she said she hadn't been getting it for a couple of months.

Se peeled my shirt off then lay me back on the couch. She began to play with my cock through the material of my black track suit bottoms stroking and caressing it until she dipped her hand in and pulled it clear of my bottoms and my boxer shorts. She began to play with the tip, bringing it into her mouth and circling it with her tongue. She licked under the helmet and then slowly slid the full eight inches into her mouth before withdrawing it.

It wasn't the first time that I had had deep throat, but it took a rare woman indeed to go right down on a man with a cock as wide as mine. Time and time again she went down on me and soon she had me on the edge of coming. She knew it too. She lifted herself up and began vigouroisly pumping my cock with her hand, only inches away from her tanned chest.

I knew what she wanted and duly obliged, exploding onto her breasts with a loud grunt. With one hand softly stroking my cock she used the other to rub the hot cum into her breast pinching her nipples in turn. She brought her tongue down and began to 'clean' my cock of the remaining cum. I lay back and asked her what to do next.

"My husband is due back from work in a half an hour and I don't want to rush sex with this lovely dick" She rubbed my cock again for added emphasis. "Will you be able to come back later, he's spending the night in Dublin on business. He's leaving about eight." "I'll be here at nine." It gave me enough time to prepare some special goodies and her enough time to build up into an expectant frenzy.

At about ten past nine I rang the doorbell and waited for her to answer. She must have spent the time hanging on the doorbell because she answered almost straight away. She came to the door in a grey jacket and skirt. She looked very business like and quickly explained why. In order to stop her husband's curiosity she had said that she would be in a meeting all evening and that she would be uncontactable.

Clever thinking, she was more than just a pretty face. I stepped inside and took a look at her long slender legs as she led me down the hall. The business skirt stopped a good three inches above her knee. The jacket was tailored inwards at the middle, making the most of her thin waist.

"This is kind of awkward. Where do you want to go?" she bit her bottom lip in a sexy way after she asked the question. "Do you normally make love in the bedroom?" She nodded her head in response. "Then lets pick the Kitchen." She seemed a little perturbed at my suggestion, but she led me into the kitchen anyway.

It was a big kitchen, bedecked with tiles and all the modern utensils. Anna turned round to me and asked if I wanted a coffee. "No you're refreshment enough" With that I grabbed her tightly and kissed her passionately, letting my tongue do more than just talk.

She responded by pushing her body even closer to mine. That was when I knew it was time for action. I hooked my hands under her bottom and lifted her up onto the table. I pushed the jacket off her shoulders and left it to one side. I then pushed her back on the table and slid my hands down to her waist. Her grey skirt had a zip on the side and so I zipped it down and pulled it over her shapely legs.

I got a pleasant surprise when I saw the suspenders on her legs, complete with a pair of skimpy black lace briefs. I brushed my hands gently along her legs and up to her hips. She had a black woolen poloneck jumper on under the jacket and I slid my hands underneath it and up to her armpits. I could not feel any bra straps and was very pleased when she removed the jumper to reveal those lovely firm bra-less breasts again.

I whipped my tongue over her hardening nipples and heard a few long moans emanating from her mouth. I dragged my tongue down her stomach and when I got as far as her briefs I tugged them to one side to give me a good look at her crack. She was even wetter than she had been that morning and her ultra sensitive clit immediately responded to my aggressive licking.

She locked her legs around my head, willing me on to bring her to orgasm. She wasn't long in finding a rhythm, arching her back and spreading her arms on the table for support as she thrust her hips at my mouth. She had been more out of control than earlier in the day and I loved it.

She was on a high, but I wasn't going to let her come yet. I pulled my head away and stood upright. I removed her damp panties which I had pushed to one side. I smiled at her and said "I've got a surprise for you." With that I reached into my pocket and pulled out a small slender vibrator with a multi-speed action.

If there is one thing I love more than coming it is slowly watching a woman come, and knowing that I'm the one doing it to her. Anna was in no position to argue and her eyes opened wide with wonder when I switched the vibro on its lowest speed.

She twitched her groin up and down, trying to get as much of the vibro touching her as possible. I pushed at her cunt walls, made wet by my tongue and her own natural juices, they divided tenderly under the rod's pressure. I had slid barely two inches of the six inch vibro into her before she began moaning as before. This time her ecstatic growls came from deep inside her very body.

I rapidly increased the speed of the vibrations and began withdrawing the three inches of the machine which was already inside her. I pumped her with those same three inches, nudging her closer and closer to climax I began twisting the love toy inside of her, watching as she lifted her buttocks off the table in response.

I felt the power I had over her at that moment and it aroused me so much that I was almost on the verge of coming myself, without even being touched! I withdrew the vibrator from her well lubricated pussy and immediately pushed it against her clit. Running the vibro, full length, along her love spot was more than this diva could handle and she exploded inside, shivering in sheer orgasmic elation. Her cunt began contracting in rhythm, forcing her love juices out and closing up the hole which had moments earlier, been filled with my machine.

She sexily bit down on her bottom lip as the last ripples of pleasure from her climax shook her body. Anna was obviously unused to this attention and jumped slightly when I bent my head down to lick her soaking pussy. Her cunt was glistening invitingly, and so I stroked my tongue along its engorged length, feeling her hips continue to buck under this stunning stimulation.

Now was the right time for Anna to take control, as she instinctively knew. She raised herself up off the table, pulling my mouth away from her feast to experience the delights of her mouth. She kissed me full on the lips. With one hand on the back of my neck she slid the other down my chest to my bulging mound, stroking and groping it through my jeans.

She stood down from the table and knelt down to undo my button fly. She put her hand in and pulled my meaty gristle clear. She pulled back my foreskin and began licking the top of my knob. There was nothing more she done than that. She held my shaft at its base with one hand, and licked the whole of my helmet. In my highly aroused state that would have been good enough to do it, but Anna had other ideas.

Grabbing my cock firmly with her right hand she led me, tool first, into the bedroom. "I told you I didn't want to rush a screw from this monster" She emphasised the monster bit with a quick flick of her right hand, which still had a firm grip of my dick. "I was only warming up earlier. Now I really want a fuck."

She pulled my jeans and boxers to my ankled and hustled me over to the bed. I removed my t-shirt and she took off everything but her suspenders. She was looking sexier than ever, and I wanted to fuck her more now than when we first met. There was no stopping us.

I stood up and embraced her, pulling her slowly towards the bed. I swung her round and pinned her shoulders to the bed, all the time kissing her neck and luscious lips. I grabbed hold of my stiff member and began teasing her by rubbing the tip up and down her pussy lips. She whispered "Do it" before closing her eyes. I entered her in one long stroke, feeling the pressure of her pussy walls as they enveloped my cock.

Our earlier activities had left her comfortably lubricated and her width matched mine to orgasmic perfection. I started with a slow pace, filling her to the hilt and grinding her rear into the mattress. She still had her eyes closed, her arms were stretched backwards, towards the bedrails. Her breathing was synchronised with my strokes and a small bead of perspiration had emerged on her magnificent orbs.

I quickened the rhythm slowly, building up to a frenetic pace only when I had turned her around, onto all fours, and entered her from behind. Her face was burried in the pillows, which was just as well. Her screams as my pace quickened were become ever more vocal. My biggest fear, indeed, was that the neighbours would find the screams just a little too distracting and stop us in mid stride to tell ust to keep the noise down.

It concerned me little once I felt my own climax building up. I was poumping in and out of Anna like a jackhammer, removing almost my full eight inches before pushing it deep into her again. I was starting to feel the tell tale signs of coming. Anna must have known that too. She urged me to bring her to orgasm before I was spent.

I held back for as long as I could, and just before I came she let out one long moan after another, gasping the words "I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming" over and over again. When her cunt muscles began to spasm during her own climax I was ready to let go. I gave one final shove deep into her pussy and pumped my load, every drop of it, into her womb.

Exhausted and spent I lay down at her side, recounting my thoughts and gazing admirably at this beauty at my side. At first she said nothing, panting heavily after our intercourse. This soon subsided and she turned to face me. She looked longingly into my eyes and I knew that the two of us could never love like that again.

I left early the folowing morning, soon after we had another session in the shower. She left me with that final reminder of her deep throat method, which had left me stunned the previous morning. In barely twenty four hours I had given pleasure to one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen, and received untold pleasure in return. Even now I still think about her. Even now after moving on to new towns, new neighbourhoods, and new pleasure seekers.