 Wilson was casually dressed in jeans hanging below his paunch, a plaid shirt and boots. He entered Sears with one last Christmas gift in mind. He was instantly attracted to a plain, plump, young lady with three kids. The youngest, an infant, was squalling, and two toddlers were all over the place while the mother tried to make a purchase in the clothing department. She was angry, she was frustrated, she was about to cry. 

"Can I help? I'd gladly hold your daughter while you finish."

I was taken aback; an older, homely man was offering to care for my daughter. He looks ordinary but honest, and for some unknown reason I'm drawn to him. He's the type of man I would normally look at but not see, however, there's something special about him. I need assistance, but can I trust my daughter to a stranger? 

"I'm Wilson Harper. I'm not a kidnapper or child molester. I'm a simple guy who's willing to tend your children. I'll hold your daughter where you can see me, and watch the other two.

"Okay, yes I need help." She thrust her screaming daughter to him, "Her name is Lou Ann."

Wilson took the child. She quieted right away and wiggled in his arms while smiling and running her fingers over his face. The other two children came running, "Who are ya mister?"

"I'm Wilson and I'm holding Lou Ann so your mother can pay the cashier."

The kids were intrigued and asked questions.

While he talked to them, he observed their mother who was probably in her late twenties, wore an inexpensive dress, her brown hair was in a pony tail, and she was overweight in all the right places.

"Thank you. My children are such a hand full but at least that's the last thing I have to buy. Thanks again Mr..."

"Harper, Wilson Harper."

He isn't much to look at: homely in a Barney Fife way, a pot belly, and poor posture. 

"Mr. Harper, I don't know how to repay you. You've been so kind."

"My pleasure Mrs..."

"I'm sorry I'm Sally, Sally Sissons. I'm actually recently divorced." Why did I tell him that? I don't usually talk openly to strangers.

"Is that a good or a bad thing?"

Is he a mind reader? Is he asking about my divorce or what I think he's thinking? "A good thing, I don't know why I stayed with him so long." 

"Let's go mommy, I'm hungry," the five year old boy said.

"Me too momma, I want ta eat," said the little girl.

"Could I buy lunch for you and the children?"

"Oh no, no that would be asking too much especially the way my children behave."

"They're not a problem. We can go to the food court, they kids can use McDonald's playground and you can rest."

"If you're sure it's all right? Eating with three children can be quite an experience."

"It's not a problem. I take my nieces and nephews out to eat all the time; they behave the same way."

"Okay, thank you. You're very kind." 

Wilson gave Sally thirty dollars. "This should be enough." 

"Do you like hamburgers or chicken nuggets?" She hesitantly took the money.

"Both are fine with me."

With Mary Lou in his arms, he led David and Lynette to the central play area. He tended the infant, who cooed contentedly, while the toddlers ran in circles, played leap frog, and hide and seek. 

Sally returned with four plastic bags.

"Mommy! Mommy! Why were ya gone so long? What did ya buy me? I'm hungry when is we gonna ta eat?" David, the five year old asked.

She placed the bags on a table and returned Wilson's change. She kissed her children and distributed the food and drinks. She took Mary Lou from Wilson, "I can't thank you enough. It was wonderful being able to shop and buy food without worrying about the kids."

"It was my pleasure. They pretty much took care of themselves. All I did was watch." He also watched Sally who didn't have an outstanding feature, but she had a nice personality. 

As he ate he asked, "Where do you work?"

"I'm a clerk at a Hallmark Shop called Carols in the mall. I'm shopping here because its close and I don't have transportation. What do you do?"

"I'm a computer programmer for Burroughs and Chapin. You said you were divorced."

"Yes, after six years of physical and emotional abuse and three kids."

"I'm sorry; it must be difficult for you."

"It is. I love being a mom, even though it's difficult dealing with three children on my income."

"How do you manage?"

"Not well, I get child support from Richard, food stamps, my in-laws help a little, and I work, but its hand to mouth most of the time. What I miss most is the adult affection, err I mean adult companionship."

Wilson's attention perked up. "If you don't have a car why don't you let me take you home? I have a truck which will hold the five of us and your packages."

"Thanks for the offer but you've already done too much. We can catch a bus."

"No, I insist. You're packages can go in my tool chest and we can all jam into the cab. Let the kids play a little longer, and I'll bring my truck around to the Food Court entrance."

Looking thoughtfully, she smiled a crooked smile and said, "Okay, a ride would be nice and my children will be easier to manage." 

* * * *

The ride was wild. The kids loved the truck but couldn't sit still. They had to be restrained several times to prevent him from running off the road. He was thankful when they arrived at the apartment.

Carrying bags and herding kids, he helped them to their third floor apartment. The place was a wreck: toys, clothes, paper were everywhere. He placed the bags on the kitchen table. Sally settled the kids in front of the TV and walked with him to the door.

"Thank you so much for the food, the ride, and helping with the children. Will I see you again?" She asked her hand clutching his.

"Do you want too?" He looked dumbfounded.

"Yes, I'd like that very much."

"How about I bring Christmas dinner? What will the children eat?" Wilson the shy computer programmer asked.

She laughed, "Chicken fingers and French fries. It not a traditional Christmas dinner but it's what they like."

"Chicken fingers it is. What time and what would you like?"

"I like everything, why don't you surprise me. We usually eat around six, is that okay?"

"I'll be here." 

She took him by the arm and kissed him on the cheek. Why did I do that she thought. He's not good looking, but he's nice and good with the kids.

Wilson walked to his truck rubbing his cheek with his hand and smiling happily.

* * * *

He arrived ten minutes after six. A miracle had occurred. The apartment was spotless; the kids were scrubbed and neatly dressed. Sally wore a dress that disclosed womanly curves, her long brown hair was hanging down her back, and her face was made up.  

The kids went crazy over the food, soda, and ice cream. They actually sat at the table for five minutes before beginning a parade between the kitchen, the living room and their Christmas toys. Sally fed Mary Lou giving Wilson quick glances. They ate Colonel Sander's fried chicken and talked until seven. In the living room they watched cartoons, and Dave and Lynette displayed all their presents for him.

"Can you stay while I get the kids ready for bed?

"Yes, I'd like too." The only female companionship he had that wasn't family was his favorite whore he saw twice a month.

Dave and Lynette came out to thank him and gave him hugs and kisses. "Thank you Wilson for bringing us Christmas dinner. We like you a lot. Thanks for coming."

The children slept at last. 

It had been more than a year since I've been with a man. He isn't in Richard's class, but he's nice. My pussy lips are contracting and my nipples hardening. Does he want me? Should I be assertive? I want him. I want his kisses. I want his cock. 

"Would you like a cup of coffee?" She led him into the kitchen, brushed against him when she poured the coffee, and touched his hand when she added Half and Half. 

"Can you stay for awhile and watch TV now that it's quieted down?

"Yes, I' like too."

She guided him into the living room and sat next to him on the couch. They watched TV for a few minutes before she leaned toward him and their shoulders touched. A spark of static electricity leaped between them. Anxiously, not sure what to do he stretched and placed his arm along the back of the couch.

His arm behind me is exciting. I'm as nervous as a virgin anticipating his next move. She cautiously placed her hand on his thigh.

Without conscious thought he slid his arm to her shoulders. He started to pull it back, but she took his hand holding it in place.

I'm thrilled by his arm around me. It's making me hornier. Turning her head, she saw him staring at her. Embolden she moved her lips toward his but stopped short.

Wilson's face flushed, her hand was near his hard on. He closed the distance between them and wet her lips with his. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have."

"I wanted you too." She returned his kiss and moved her hand up his thigh.

He pulled her closer and pressed his lips harder against hers.

I'm thrilled. He wants me as much as I want him. She pulled his hand from her shoulder to her breast, and inched her other hand to his crotch.

He squeezed her breast and pulled her hand to his erection.

He does want me. I love his tongue in my mouth and my hand on his cock. Oh God, it's so big. He tastes and feels so good. I'm leaking and my nipples are on fire.

"Mommy," a voice rang from a bedroom.

* * * *

They were shaken upright.

"That's Lynette, I have to go or she'll be out here. Please, don't leave. I'll be right back. Sally rocked Lynette to and fro. I hope this doesn't cause him to lose his desire. I need him close to me--in me. I'm a mother, but I'm a woman to Wilson. He's so gentle and caring. He's not handsome, but he wants me as much as I want him. Mandy was asleep and breathing softly. Standing, she removed her bra through the sleeve of her blouse and took off her crotch-soaked panties. She was ready if what she hopped would happen--happened.

They smiled shyly approaching each other. She placed her hands in his. Her body was as tight as a loaded spring. She was perspiring from lust, and her juices slipped from her pussy down her leg. Anticipation caused her to shudder.

He stared into her brown eyes. 

"Wilson, I want you. I need you."

"Are you sure? What about the children?"

She placed his hands on her breasts, pulled him to her, and kissed him. My God, his touch and his kiss are causing my nipples to tingle and my cunt to convulse. "Not here--the children." She led him to her bedroom. The bed had been neatly made, with a blue bedspread. The scent of orange filled the room. A single light dimly lit the room. She removed her blouse baring her breasts. I'm topless in front of a horny man, a man whose cock I want. I hope he's pleased with my breasts.

Wilson watched intrigued. Aside from a topless dancer or a whore she was the first woman he'd seen half naked. 

She slipped out of her skirt, dropped to the floor, and stepped out of it. She was conscious of the fluids gleaming on her inner thighs, the roll of cellulite around her stomach and hips, but she couldn't stand still because of her eagerness. 

He kicked his loafers away and rapidly but awkwardly removed his cloths over his noticeable pot belly.

Sally threw the comforter to the floor, crawled into the bed, stuffed a pillow under her hips, and spread her legs opening herself to him.

Wilson placed a knee on the bed.

"Mommy!" Came a cry.

"It's Lynette again. I have to go." She put on a robe and left the room. I was about to get what I wanted and Lyn is crying again. His cock looks so good. I hope he can keep it up. She ran to her crying child.

Sally's heart dropped as she rushed to the other bedroom. A sip of water and a little 

rocking was all it took to get her back to sleep. She hurried back to the bedroom fingering her clit and praying Wilson was erect.

"I'm sorry about Lynette," she said jumping into the bed while noting his dripping erection.

"I understand Sally its okay."

She smiled, fingered her clit, spread her legs, and opened her arms to him.

He crawled between her legs and toward her cunt.

She was hungry for him; she took his cock in her hand and guided him toward her entrance. 

The tip of his shaft parted the jungle of hair surrounding her slit. He inched his cock into her wet and willing pussy until he could go no deeper.

They sighed simultaneously.

His thumping cock was buried in paradise. He lifted himself to his hands and stared into her eyes.

"Wow! You're amazing," He planted kisses all over her face.

I'm giddy. His cock filling me is awesome and his kisses so unexpected. "Thank you, I've dreamed of this since we met." She tightened her vaginal muscles around his staff holding him in place.

"I felt the same way." 

They lay still staring at each other.

"I usually come quickly." 

"It's okay, whatever happens, happens," she lifted her pelvis, grabbed his hips, and pulled him toward her. 

She pushed him back and pulled him into her again. An orgasm would be nice, but having him filling and slowly stroking me is wonderful.

They got into a rhythm and over a long period of time they stimulated each other as sensations built slowly to a peak. Faster and faster they moved until a thunderbolt of lightning surged between them and they climaxed--groaning.

The night didn't end there. They kissed, massaged, fondled, and rubbed each other until he was erect again. 

He rode her. 

She rode him. 

They wanted to please each other--they did.

I lost count of my orgasms, but I'll never forget the ecstasy.