 Jennifer went into her bedroom and started picking out something to wear. She was stopped in her tracks when she heard Cody's bike start up again. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, repeating her mother's words in her mind... "This will pass."

An hour later, the doorbell rang, it was Cody. 

"Uhh, Cody, hi," said Jen, a bit stunned and breathless.

"Hey baby, wow you look hot, where you goin'?" he asked.

"Uhh, just out with some friends for pizza, no big deal," she answered nervously.

"Oh yeah? All your other friends gonna be dressed in mini skirts and thigh boots to eat some pizza too?" he asked.

"Cody, what do you want? My friends will be here soon," she said, slowly pulling the door closer to her body.

"I don't want anything, baby, how bout I sit here and keep you company until your friends get here?" he said, taking a seat on the front steps.

"Uhhh, oookay," she said, nervously shutting the front door and sitting down beside him.

Cody turned and looked at Jen, "I miss you, baby," he said, leaning in to give her a kiss.

"Oh God, Cody, don't," she said, scooting away from him.

"Cody don't? What the fuck is that, Jen? This summer I never heard "Cody, dont," he said.

"Yeah, well, things have changed," she said, looking down.

"Only thing that's changed is you've suddenly become a Daddy's girl and you can't stand up for the man you said you love," he said.

Just then, Caleb pulled up and honked the horn, waving to Jen.

"Some friends huh?" said Cody, standing up, "Friends means girls, Jen, I don't see no damn girls in that truck, all I see is some weasel."

"Cody, please, I'll talk to you when I get home," said Jen, standing up and walking to Caleb's truck.

"Talk to me? Yeah you do that, bitch, you fuckin' talk to me," Cody yelled, walking back over to his house and hopping on his motorcycle. 

Jen watched him peel out of his yard, "We can go now, Caleb," she said, buckling her seat belt.

The whole time Jen was out with Caleb, her mind was with Cody. Where did he go? He was soooooooo pissed and Jen knew of his bad temper. 

"How's your pizza, Jen?" asked Caleb.

"Huh? Oh, I'm sorry, my pizza's just fine, thank you, Caleb," she answered, a bit embarrassed.

An hour later, Caleb and Jen were already heading back to her house.

"I'm sorry, Caleb, I guess it's just too soon," she said, as they drove down a dark, secluded road.

Caleb never responded, or even looked at her. 

Soon, he was pulling into a very dark parking lot, lit only by one flickering street light.

"Where are we? I thought you were taking me home," said Jen nervously.

"It's an old abandoned cemetery, I come here sometimes," he answered, clicking the automatic locks before shutting the truck off.

"Why did you lock the doors?" she asked, trying to pull the door open.

"Relax, Jennifer, it's not safe to sit here with the doors unlocked, besides, I thought you and I could talk," he answered.

"About what, Caleb? I don't wanna talk, I wanna go home, right now," she said.

"Not yet, baby," he whispered, leaning in and kissing her hard.

She began to squirm and push her hands against Caleb's chest, "No, Caleb," she screamed, "Take me home!!!!!"

"Shut up, Jennifer," he hissed, lightly popping her in the mouth. 

She was so stunned she didn't know what to say or do, no one had ever hit her before.

"That's more like it," he said, unzipping his pants, "Come here, baby."

"I'm not your baby, Caleb, please take me home," she pleaded.

"I said not yet, Jennifer."

He reached over and grabbed her hand, placing it on his cock as it rested on his leg. Jen began to feel sick to her stomach. She could only think of Cody right now. 

"Stroke it, slut," he whispered, pulling it completely out.

Jen's eyes welled up with tears, but she was also fearful of her life at this point, so she obeyed. She closed her eyes and began jacking Caleb's cock.

"Ooohhh yeah baby, that's it, that's it, mmmm stroke that cock," he moaned, "Get it nice and hard so I can fuck you, slut."

Jen fought back her tears and bit her bottom lip, as not to make a sound. 

"Faster now, Jennifer, squeeze it a bit harder," Caleb instructed. 

Again, Jen obeyed, stroking Caleb's cock faster and squeezing it a bit tighter. A few minutes later, he instructed her to stop and remove her panties. 

"No, Caleb," she said, "Please, no."

"Do it, Jennifer," he hissed, "Take off your fucking panties."

Still Jen refused, so Caleb reached over and slid his hand up between her thighs and quickly ripped the lacey panties. 

"Get on your knees, slut," he said, "NOW"

Jen began to weep uncontrollably at this point, but she obeyed. It was a tight fit, but Caleb somehow managed to get on his knees behind her and slide her mini skirt up around her hips. 

Just seconds before he slipped his cock into her, a loud shattering noise erupted and broken glass showered all over Jen... it was Cody.

He had put his fist thru the windshield and had Caleb by the hair.

"Unlock the fucking doors, you piece of shit!!!!!" Cody yelled.

Caleb began to babble, mostly begging Cody not to hurt him. He managed to turn enough to click the key on and unlock the doors.

"Get outta there, baby," said Cody, "Go wait on my bike."

Jen quickly scrambled out of the truck and ran over to Cody's bike.

She watched the 2 men struggle and exchange punches. She could hear them yelling, but couldn't make out what they were saying. 

A few minutes later, Jen saw Caleb peel outta the parking lot, flipping her a bird on his way out.

Cody slowly walked over to her. She could see his hand was badly bleeding and he had a cut above his left eyebrow. 

"Oh God, baby, oh my God, are you ok?" she said, running up to him.

"I'm fine, get on the bike," he said.

--------------------------------

The ride seemed to last forever as Jen sat behind Cody, her arms wrapped tightly around his waist and her head resting on his back. 

They pulled up to her drive-way at a little past 10 pm, only to be greeted by her father who was none too happy that his only daughter was with the biker trash again.

"What the hell did I tell you about him, Jennifer?" her father yelled.

"Daddy, before you fly off the handle, let me explain something," she said.

"No, Jen, baby, you go in the house, I'll take care of this," said Cody, turning off his bike.

Jen obeyed and never looked back, quickly running into the house.

She watched from the living room window as the two men in her life stood out there talking. Her stomach was queasy and she felt weak. A few minutes later, her father walked into the house and asked her to come outside.

"Yes, Daddy," she said, following him outside.

They walked over to Cody and her father began, "Jennifer, it's not easy for me to admit that I am wrong, but this time I was wrong, honey. Cody told me what happened tonight. I'm sorry you went thru that, baby. I will no longer stand in the way of you and Cody."

Jen stood there, stunned for what seemed to be for years.

"Oh my God, Daddy, do you mean it?" she asked tearfully.

"Yes, honey, I mean it, what Cody did tonight was beyond brave and I can't think of anyone I'd rather have my only daughter spend her time with," he said, smiling.

Jen hugged her father tightly, whispering I love you, Daddy, in his ear. 

"Now, if you two will excuse me, I have some coffee brewing in the house," said her father, "You two have a good night."

Cody and Jen watched her father disappear into the house and she turned to him, "Cody, I don't know what to say."

"You don't have to say anything, baby," he said.

"How did you know where we were?" she asked.

"Well, there's only one pizza joint around here, I went there, saw his truck and I followed you guys after you left the restaurant," he answered.

Jen hugged Cody tightly and they shared their first kiss in months. It felt so good to have him back. 

Cody broke the kiss and whispered, "My parents are gone for the night, let's go."

Jen smiled and took Cody's hand as they ran next door, giggling and disappearing inside his house. He slammed the door shut and grabbed his girl, pushing her up against the wall. 

"Oh God, Cody," she moaned as he cupped her ass and she wrapped her legs around his waist, "I've missed you so bad."

He pressed his body weight to her, holding her up against the wall as he unzipped his jeans and let them fall to his ankles. His cock bounced free as he cupped Jen's ass again. He shoved her skirt up around her hips and rammed his cock deep into her cunt. 

They kissed hard and heavy as Cody fucked his girl up against the wall. Of all the times they had ever been together, Jen had never felt him fuck her this hard or this intense.

"You're mine, baby," he moaned as he bit into her neck, thrusting his cock deep into her cunt. 

"Yes, yes Cody, yes, I'm yours baby, all yours," she groaned as he fucked her into the wall.

He cupped her ass tightly and walked her over to the couch, his cock still buried deep within her pussy. He fell on top of her and positioned himself up on his knuckles. Looking down at his girl, he began punishing her pussy, fucking her with such intensity, the couch began to slide beneath them, back and forth.

"Don't ever leave me again, baby," he moaned, "Never deny me, bitch."

"No, never again, Cody, I swear," she moaned breathlessly.

"OOOhhhhh, fuck, I'm gonna cum," he moaned, as drops of his sweat rained down on Jen, "I'm gonna fill you up baby, give you my hot load."

Jen's body went into overdrive with Cody's dirty words and soon she was overtaken by her hard hitting orgasm. She screamed and clawed his back as wave after wave crashed into her body.

The two laid there on the couch, struggling to catch their breath.

"I love you, Cody," Jen whispered.

"I love you too, baby," he whispered back, "I want you to be with me always, Jen, I want to make you my wife."

Jen's eyes widened as she rolled over to face Cody, "OH MY GOD, ARE YOU SERIOUS???????????"

"I'm dead serious, baby, will you marry me?" he asked. 

"YES YES YESSSSSS BABY, OH GOD YESSSSSSSS," she screamed.

-----------------------------

Well, it's been a year now and Cody and Jen are as happy as 2 people can be. Their parents all got together and paid down on a house for the young newlyweds, who are now preparing for the birth of their first child... a daughter they will name Linkin, after the band Linkin Park and the first band whose song they ever fucked to.