 I'm not done with you yet

Things were changing for Tim Wallace. He had accepted a position as Senior Art Director for Hemisphere, a Seattle marketing agency, and was completing his first week on the job.

The job offer came shortly after David Kendall, someone he had worked with at Branson Tanner, another local agency, became the Creative Director at Hemisphere. It was a promotion and a welcome change of pace.

Tim had made a lot of mistakes in the past year, not the least of which was having a one-night stand with his co-worker and good friend, Kelly Forbes. Even though they agreed it couldn't ever happen again, their romantic feelings for one another complicated things greatly. Tim tried to get Kelly off his mind by sleeping with Jeannie, another co-worker, but that only served to make Kelly upset. The confrontation drove Tim into the arms of yet another woman, Marion, who co-owned Branson Tanner.

It was a mess.

So, when Dave offered Tim the job at Hemisphere, he accepted. He hadn't found a way to resolve things with Kelly and wasn't likely to. It would be better to get away from the problem and settle in for a fresh start. He had a new title, a new work address, he had recently turned 33, and for the first time in months, he was adequately distracted from Kelly.

That isn't to say that he was willing to cut all ties to his life at Branson Tanner. He was still in regular contact with Lyra Price, a thick, black Project Manager he had befriended early on. Lyra had known Kelly long before Tim started at Branson Tanner, but quickly became his friend and confidant alongside Kelly. She often called him for a sympathetic ear, especially recently as she was going through a breakup with Derek, her boyfriend of four years.

He didn't mind hearing from Lyra, even if it was just to hear her complain. It allowed him, on occasion, against his own better judgment, to find out about Kelly. Lyra confided that Kelly had also taken a job at a different agency, that things weren't going well between Kelly and her husband, Mark, and that she wouldn't be surprised to see the marriage end.

Such news added to Tim's confusion. After a while, he stopped asking. It was better to leave Kelly out of his life. He had a new group of people in his life now, and it would be wise to focus on getting to know them, this time without making the same mistakes he had before.

The end of Tim's first week in the new job afforded him just such an opportunity. Dave gathered a group from Hemisphere to hit a local bar for happy hour. Tim was invited. Thankfully it wasn't Marty's, Tim's usual bar. He didn't want to risk bumping into Kelly. This was Palley O'Malley's, a bigger bar and one of Dave Kendall's favorite haunts.

Tim walked in and noticed the sign. Karaoke at 8:00, it read. Lyra came to mind. It was one of her favorite things to do. He texted her immediately. "Karaoke at Palley O'Malley's, 8:00."

He sat down with a group of his new co-workers and struck up conversations about work stuff, people's hobbies, and the best things to see and do in Seattle. Dave Kendall had vanished, so Tim was without the only familiar face in the office. He managed small talk as best as he could and even met two or three people who shared his sense of humor, but he was relieved to get a text back from Lyra. "OMG," she said. "I love Karaoke. Sing one for me."

"Why don't you drop by?" he answered.

"I don't want to crash someone else's party," she replied.

Tim didn't want to make Lyra uncomfortable. He would have to seek familiarity elsewhere. He walked near the bar and found Dave, who was chatting up a couple of women. Dave welcomed him over and introduced him to Priscilla and Shannon. They were gorgeous. Priscilla was of latin heritage and had long dark brown hair. Shannon had curly, short blonde hair and tattoo sleeves. Dave pulled Tim aside and explained that he had just met them and that he was well on his way to taking them both home. Tim was impressed and a little jealous. Dave clearly knew how to play the field.

Dave's assessment was accurate. Before long, he was paying his tab and leaving the bar with both women in tow.

It was almost 8:00. By then, there were only about five of his co-workers left in the bar. Tim texted Lyra. "Come by. Almost no one left from party. Time to let out your diva."

Lyra replied immediately. "Put in What's Love Got To Do With It for me. I'll be there in ten."

She was true to her word. At 8:09, Lyra strode in wearing a light-gray sweater-dress and knee-high black boots. Tim stood and gave her a hug. "Ready to rock this party?" he asked.

A haggard looking woman screeched a Journey song from the karaoke stage and Lyra laughed. "I don't know. The competition seems pretty fierce," she replied.

The man running karaoke seemed eager to tear the microphone from the screeching woman. "That was Betty, everyone," he half-heartedly announced. There were sparse pity-claps in random corners of the bar.

"Up next," he said, "Lyra. Can I get Lyra up here?"

"That's me," Lyra winked at Tim. She half jogged her way to the microphone. "Hi everyone," she romanced the crowd, as the first chords of What's Love Got To Do With It rang through the speakers.

She began and it was a stark contrast. Tim wondered if the patrons of Palley O'Malley's saw it coming. "You must understand that the touch of your hand makes my pulse react, that it's only the thrill of boy meeting girl. Opposites attract."

She was at the top of her game. "It's physical, only logical. You must try to ignore that it means more than that."

By the time she got to the chorus, people were on their feet, cheering. Lyra was in her element. She finished the song to a standing ovation and left the stage to join Tim. 

He ordered her a beer and clinked his glass to her bottle. "It's been too long since we've had a fun night out," he said.

"Agreed," she replied, "and It's about to get more fun too."

The singer who was up after Lyra was finishing up his song, some crooner Sinatra stuff. "How so?" Tim asked.

"Up next," the karaoke man began.

"No," said Tim.

The karaoke man continued. "Tim. Can I get Tim up here?"

"Yes," said Lyra.

"You'll pay," said Tim as he walked up to the stage. It was a song he recognized, a blues song, Five Long Years. He'd done it before when he went out with Lyra and Kelly a year ago. It went over well. This time was no different. There were some whistles and shouts as he sang his heart out. "I worked five long years for one woman. She had the nerve to put me out."

If anyone from Hemisphere was still in the bar, they were being treated to a side of Tim that he rarely showed. "She had the nerve. She had the nerve. She had the nerrrrrrrve... to put me out."

It was another standing ovation. Tim went back to Lyra and high fived. "The score's tied," he said. "Better put in another song."

That started a two-hour volley for top dog of karaoke. It was just silly enough of an endeavor to keep the two suitably entertained. The crowd, inspired by how much fun they were having, began to get into it, putting in songs to sing. The caliber of singing went up as the time between Tim and Lyra's performances increased.

More of their time was spent laughing and drinking. It had been a while since Tim had so much fun.

Lyra smiled and laughed. The extra weight she carried gave her a formidable bust, which shook beneath her light-gray sweater-dress. She caught Tim looking.

It wasn't as if Tim didn't notice the thick black woman before. She had been there all along. Yet, Tim had spent so much of his time pining for Kelly that he didn't give Lyra much more than a cursory glance, ironic considering it had been she who had been there for him so often, when Kelly's attention drifted to Mark.

"Eyes up, rock star," Lyra smiled.

"What?" said Tim.

"You know what," she said. She turned her head to watch the singer and turned back. "Actually, look all you want. I'm feeling like a total diva tonight."

She pressed her breasts together from the sides and threw her hair back. "I love these puppies," she said and laughed. "More than Derek ever did, anyway."

"Derek isn't into you that way?" Tim asked.

Lyra shook her head. The beer was beginning to affect her. "That guy doesn't know what he's into, but he certainly isn't going into me anymore."

Tim's eyebrows went up. "You two are officially through, then?"

Lyra nodded. "What about you? You done with Kelly yet?"

Tim was surprised. Lyra wasn't typically so direct. "I hope so," he replied.

The corner of her mouth turned up, amused, and she bit her lower lip. She swiveled back and forth in her chair. "Kelly's a bitch," she slurred.

The two were silent for a moment before laughing uncontrollably. It was such an undeniable release. Kelly had been such a huge part of the angst of the past year that losing the pretense had the affect of throwing their cares away.

"Whaddaya say, Tim?" said Lyra. "I'm pretty much done with singing and I don't want to get too drunk. What say we call it a night?"

"Sounds good," Tim replied. "I'll pay up and meet you at the door. You're not driving anywhere."

Lyra nodded. She tapped him on the nose with the end of her finger. "You're pretty," she joked.

It wasn't a long drive to Lyra's apartment. They climbed the stairs and Lyra, out of nowhere, said, "I didn't mean to call Kelly a bitch."

"I know," said Tim.

Lyra turned and pressed her back against the wall next to her door.

"Kelly's my friend," she said. "So are you. I hope you know that."

"I do know that," Tim smiled, "and I know you don't think she's a bitch. Truth is, right now, I don't care if she is or isn't."

"Do you really mean that, Tim?"

"Yeah, I do."

Lyra's eyes seemed to scan his face. Perhaps she was looking for a sign of his sincerity.

Her eyes rested on his mouth. She wet her lips with her tongue. Tim didn't know if she was simply vulnerable in the wake of her breakup with Derek or if it was something else.

Lyra's mouth formed a smile. "Enough of the deep shit," she chuckled. It was that abrupt direct-ness again. "Anyway, thanks for showing me a fun night."

"It's what I do for spicy divas with great racks," he shot back.

She reached forward and hugged him. Her smiling face looked up at his. He smiled back, briefly realizing that neither she nor he had let go. There was none of the awkward nervous energy Tim had always had in the arms of a woman. They were having fun, still smiling and laughing...

...even as they began to kiss.

It seemed a natural extension of their conversation, as if it was just another form of laughter.

Then the kisses became longer and deeper.

The door opened. They walked into her apartment. She grabbed his hand and led him into the bedroom.

"Don't mind the mess," said Lyra, as she fumbled at the buttons of his shirt. "I promise, I'm not drunk. Well, not too drunk anyway. I just can't seem to figure out your shirt," she chuckled.

"I got this," he said. Maybe he was distracted by what was happening, but he struggled with the buttons too. Finally, he just pulled the shirt up over his head.

Lyra laughed loudly, pressed her hands to his chest and kissed him. Her lips were luscious and thick. Her kisses were very different, but worth the adjustment.

"Never kissed a white guy before," said Lyra.

"Me neither," Tim responded. "I mean I've never kissed a black girl."

Lyra kept smiling and laughing. She unzipped one of her black leather boots and nearly fell over as she took it off, having to support herself with a hand on the bed. "I guess there's no way to make this part sexy tonight," she giggled. "Sweater-dresses don't exactly peel off."

She wasn't wrong. She pulled up at the bottom of the dress and it bunched awkwardly as she moved the material up her body. It crested her bra-clad breasts and she pulled up sharply to get it past her head. Finally she worked it off her arms and threw it aside. "Good riddance," she smiled.

"Yeah, good riddance," Tim smiled back. He looked her up and down as she stood in white panties and a bra. The contrast made the smooth skin on her curvy body appear extra dark.

Tim took down his pants and tripped slightly as he pulled them off. He leaned on the bed and took off his socks. "This is going well," he joked.

Lyra approached him, pressed her body to his and kissed him deeply. Her lips parted from his and she looked into his eyes. "Okay," she said. "Let's see if we can at least make this part sexy."

She drew her shoulders back and pushed her chest out toward him. Tim looked down, found the hook on her bra and unhooked it. "So far so good," he said.

He pushed the straps down her shoulders and the bra fell. Her heavy breasts were naked and Tim's hands roamed over them. He lifted up on one of them, knelt and drew his mouth to her nipple. His tongue circled it as his lips pressed to her soft flesh. He moved to the other one. "Is that better?" he asked.

"It's pretty fuckin' hot," she answered.

He licked her other nipple, wrapping his arms around her body and pushing his face into the soft skin of her breasts. He licked and sucked as her nipple hardened against his tongue.

Lyra moaned. "Yes," she said. "You have to take your boxers off. No more foreplay. I just want you in me now."

The urgency in her voice made Tim's cock even more erect. He stood and dropped his boxers. Lyra shimmied onto the bed and removed her panties.

There she was, a thick, sexy black woman lying on the bed, her legs parted, her pussy on display. She looked up at him as he stared at her; cock in hand.

"Oh yes," Lyra said, lust in her eyes. "Put your big hard cock in me."

Tim moved onto the bed, planting his palms on it alongside Lyra's body. The head of his cock pressed against the outer folds of her pussy. Slowly, he worked his cock into her. She was slippery from arousal as he gradually went deeper.

Lyra's eyes closed. She was focused on the sensation of having her pussy full of Tim's cock. "I fucking want you," she breathed. "Fuck me."

He lowered himself to kiss her as he began to slide his dick in and out. Her lips responded to his with passion and depth. Her naked body against his was electrifying. She reacted to each slow penetration as though it was the first. Her tongue slid between his lips. She didn't merely accept his sex. She devoured it. Her arms wrapped his body. Her right hand caressed his ass. Her knees were raised, with one of her legs crossing behind him.

She reached orgasm much faster than Tim anticipated, parting from their kiss so that her mouth could open to pant from her pleasure. Her body stiffened as her pussy clamped down on his cock. She cried out and then relaxed, laughing and smiling, looking into Tim's eyes and kissing him tenderly.

Tim lifted off of Lyra and lied on his back with his head on the pillow. His hand stroked his cock as he looked at the curvy black woman. It was still slick from her pussy.

Lyra watched him for a moment and then got off her back. "I'm not done with you yet," she said. Her knees straddled his lap and she guided him into herself again. She moved in her seated position, her body bouncing as she rode Tim's cock.

It was a feast for the eyes: Her dark skin against his white skin, the look of pleasure on her face, her hair as it tossed back and forth, her big tits and the way her soft flesh bounced with each movement.

His hands roamed over her smooth black skin as she rocked her hips against him, working his big cock in her pussy. "You're so fucking sexy," he said.

"I didn't realize how much I needed this," she responded. She slowed down and stopped.

"What?" Tim inquired, confused as to why she stopped.

"Sorry," she said. "I just find it kind of amusing that we're doing this. Don't take it personally. I just didn't see this coming."

Tim chuckled. "Yeah, given the past year, I don't think anyone expected us to be together like this."

"Know what, though?" she asked. "It feels pretty fucking good."

"It's fun," said Tim.

"Yeah," agreed Lyra. "Fun. That's it. That's the right word." Her eyebrow raised in a mischievous look. "Speaking of fun..."

She dismounted, turned around and guided him back in so that she still sat atop his cock, but facing the opposite direction. Her hands rested on his thighs as she looked over her shoulder seductively at Tim. Her hips began to move and her big round ass bounced before him. He held Lyra's hips as she ground against him, quickly working his cock in her pussy again and again. She felt so fucking good.

It felt like Lyra was ready for another orgasm. Tim sat up and wrapped his arms around her. His hands glided up over her fleshy stomach and kneaded her tits as he kissed her shoulders and neck from behind. Her body moved with his as he fucked from underneath, her skin pressed tightly against his. She stiffened and cried out as she came a second time.

She collapsed forward and pulled Tim with her so that she was on her hands and knees and he was behind her. He got his legs under him so that he knelt and pushed again into her.

"I can't believe how fucking hot this is," she exclaimed.

Sweat dripped from Tim's forehead as he thrust deep into Lyra. Quickly and forcefully he pounded her pussy, caught up in the act. He held tightly to her wide hips, watching the flesh of her substantial ass bounce against his thrusts. Beads of sweat glided down her smooth dark skin from her exertion as she pushed back on him.

She moaned and cried out. "Oh. Yes. Fuck. Yes, fuck me. Oh Tim. Oh fuck me. Fill my pussy," she shouted.

The rhythmic undulation of her full-figured body before him was hypnotic. His mind was in a daze, drunk on the sensations of their sex. He didn't want it to end, but knew he was very close to climaxing.

"Yes, Tim. Yes," she continued. "Come for me, baby."

An overpowering pleasure ran down the length of his cock as he erupted, shooting his hot cum into her pussy.

Lyra let her arms and legs go limp. She fell forward to the bed and Tim traveled with her, his cock still inside. He lied atop her, kissing the skin on the back of her neck.

Her eyes were closed. She smiled broadly. "Oh Tim," she panted. "That was so what I needed."

"Me too," he said.

After about a minute, Tim climbed off of Lyra and stood. She turned onto her side and stared at him for a while.

"That was so great," said Tim.

"Yeah. It was fun," she agreed. "I just hope it wasn't a big mistake."

"I don't see how it could be," he replied.

"You know, Tim, I know that you still have unresolved feelings for Kelly."

"Is this the part where you tell me we shouldn't do this again?" Tim asked.

"No," said Lyra. "Whatever you decide to do, just know that I'll always be here for you."

Tim smiled. "You always have."

Four days later, Tim folded laundry in his living room. It was nine at night and he was anxious to finish up so he could relax.

As the Seattle rain fell outside his window, there was a knock on his door.

It seemed a bit late for a surprise visit, especially during such a downpour. He hoped that, whoever it was, it was not going to take up much of his time. He was in a hurry to put his feet up and relax.

He opened the door.

"Hi Tim," said Kelly. She looked as good as ever; a pretty face, her blonde hair damp from the rain.

"Kelly, what are you doing here?" he asked.

"I hope it's okay that I'm here," she stated. "I really needed to see you."

Tim paused and reluctantly stood away from the doorway to let her in.

"I didn't want to leave things to be the way they were the last time I saw you," Kelly said. "I've wanted to call you so many times."

"Why didn't you?" Tim said, coldly.

"Would you have answered?" she asked.

Tim looked at the floor. "I don't know."
