 Disclaimer: All characters are over eighteen years of age.

Editing Credit: Blind_Justice

Copyright © 2013 redskyes

I wasn't sure what woke me up at first, if it was the feel of her soft body spooned against my front, the sweet scent of her skin, or her plump ass pressing against my dick. It didn't matter how tired I was, how desperately I just wanted to sleep. She smelled amazing, she felt fantastic, and while I knew she needed a good night's rest as much as I did, if not more, I couldn't let this moment go. In our crazy, whirlwind lives as of late, it was almost impossible to find a moment of privacy together, and to have the energy to do anything about it.

Regardless, I was awake, and I was rock hard. I really didn't want to wake her up, but she felt too damn good, her soft skin under my arm, a full breast cupped in my hand. I really did want to let her sleep, but I was already grinding my cock against her ass and kissing the back of her neck, so it was too late to stop.

Fuck, I loved the taste of her skin, even after eleven years. I still adored the sounds she made, like the soft moan when I clenched my hand around her big breast and felt her nipple stiffen against my palm, her body slowly turning, twisting, seeking me out, searching for more of my hands, my mouth. So receptive, even in her sleep. It was an incredible turn-on, knowing that she was mine, that I could have her right then and there, and that I was going to.

The bedroom door was open, so there was that element of risk too, the possibility that he might walk in and we'd be caught in the act. How could we possibly explain what we were doing? There was no way we could make him understand. If he caught us, I had no idea how we'd get through the resulting disaster.

But like I said, I couldn't stop now. Her soft skin, delicious scent and lush body had ripped me out of my slumber, and every fiber of my being was roaring with need, desire so intense that my skin felt too tight. And it was her fault, her fault that she smelled so fucking good. I had never known a woman that smelled as she did, sex and sin and just so mouthwateringly delicious.

She made another sound as I shuffled down the bed and kissed her spine, raking my nails down her back, a satisfied and sleepy coo that made my cock throb with anticipation. A sound again, this one plaintive and confused, because she had been sleeping peacefully and I, the asshole, was waking her up. But it was a moan of desire too, because no matter how many times we did this, no matter how often I took her, once we started, we couldn't stop, and it was never enough.

I kissed her hip and kneaded her full ass with one hand while sliding the other down her soft belly and infinitely softer mound, turned her onto her back, cupped the back of one thigh and then the other. Her legs trembled as I pushed them up and out, spreading them wide. The scent of her arousal hit me like a truck, and holy fuck, it was just unreal, sweet like her skin but musky too, an aroma that was utterly feminine and called to me on a primal level. I wasted no time, and there was no preamble. I kissed her plump labia, pulling one side and then the other into my mouth and sucking lightly, then licked her soft and hairless cleft, right up her center. Her taste only made me hungrier, mad with lust. She whimpered softly and arched her back, pushing her heaving breasts up into the air as she spilled her dew into my hungry mouth.

Yes, she was tired, but she loved it when I did this, loved how very much I ached to taste her and have her in my mouth. I kissed her clit and sucked it lightly. Her hands clawed at the sheets. I pushed my arms under her thighs and grabbed hold of her waist, digging my fingers into her soft skin while licking and kissing her heavenly cunt, slurping loudly, not caring in the slightest how much noise I was making, how lewdly wet it sounded, how depraved. Goddamn, her taste, her heat. I heard myself groan and she gasped as I licked her hot flesh, pushing my tongue into her slick valley, feeling her writhe beneath me, pumping her hips up and down.

I ravished her twat with my mouth, determined to get at least one small come out of her before I took her. She murmured my name, pleading, beckoning, warning and demanding. I moaned and pressed my nose against her clit and just fucking ate her up, reveling in every drop of nectar that leaked out of her and onto my tongue, every thrust of her hips, every gasping breath she took, and finally the shivering and silent climax that had her gushing into my mouth.

God, I wanted her to just grab my head and crush my face between her legs. She never had, never did, and never would. She wasn't that kind of woman. She was strong and brave, fearless in everything she did, but in bed, she was a submissive to the core. It was one of the many reasons I couldn't resist her, why I never bothered trying. When I wanted her, she gave herself to me. Admittedly, she topped me from the bottom, but it didn't matter. I loved her, craved her, ached for her always, and she was mine.

But she was still coming and the door was still open and she was making far too much noise, so I crawled up her body and swallowed her cries with a ravenous kiss, shoving my tongue into her mouth to silence her. She didn't care in the slightest that the lower half of my face was soaked with her musky nectar. She sucked on my tongue and then screamed into my mouth, unprepared to feel me pushing inside her.

Oh, holy fuck. Tight and wet and so goddamn hot. Jesus Christ, she was hot. I pushed and pushed, until with one slow but insistent thrust, I was balls deep in the goddess beneath me. She threw her head back to scream, but I clamped my hand over her mouth. Her cunt was clenching down on my cock so powerfully that if I hadn't been hilted inside her, she would have pushed me right out.

"You have to be quiet, baby," I murmured, kissing and nibbling on her neck and throat.

She moaned under my hand, pleading, plaintive, begging me to move, to fuck her.

"We don't want to wake him up, do we?"

She whimpered and shook her head.

With my hand still covering her mouth, I pushed up onto one arm and pulled my turgid dick down her slippery core, feeling every wrinkle and fold caressing my shaft and crown, and when I pushed back in, she moaned under my hand and her eyes fluttered shut. Fucking hell, the feel of her surrounding me was just unreal, indescribable. It was heaven, and it was perfect. My cock jerked inside her. My balls pulled tight to my body and the core of my shaft tingled and burned. Christ. One goddamn thrust and I was already close to coming. I needed to collect myself.

"Look at me."

Her eyes opened, big and green and glistening, desperate and angry, her hot gaze alone demanding that I keep moving, that I keep fucking.

"Can you be quiet?"

She nodded quickly. She dreaded the day he caught us just as much as I did.

I smiled, lifted my hand from her mouth, and gave her a soft and sweet kiss. "Good girl."

My cock had calmed somewhat, as much as it would in that situation, at any rate. Holding myself up on both arms, I slowly pulled my achingly hard dick almost completely out of her, leaving just my tip inside her. Experimentally, I pushed back in. Her flesh parted reluctantly around my crown, making me fight for every delicious inch of progress. I was delighted to find that I was no longer hanging precariously over the edge of release. She groaned and covered her mouth with her own hand. My next thrust was a little faster, a little harder.

"Fuck, baby," I breathed.

I pumped my hips, fucking her slow and deep, fighting her body fighting me. Gravity alone wasn't enough. I had to use practically every muscle in my body, force her to accept me. She was more than wet, but unaccustomed to me because we just didn't have the time that we used to. I wasn't hurting her. I knew her body, the sounds she made, the way she felt, all of the cues that guided me, told me what she wanted and when. And I had missed her - this part of her, this part of us - so very much.

She turned her head to the side and bit down on the meat of her palm. I pushed up with my toes and rolled my hips so that my shaft would graze her clit with every thrust. Her lush body shook and her eyes flew open, staring at the wall as I pushed in and pulled out, stroking her insides with my hard length. I could feel her tightening around me, bathing me in her wet heat and easing the way for my cock to carve inside her. Having been so close to coming already, I knew it would be a while before I got back to that point, so I was free to fuck her harder and faster.

My thighs slapped against hers, a lovely musical beat of flesh on flesh. She opened her legs wider and pulled her knees up, letting me push just a little deeper than before, almost too deep, but the angle was perfect. My swollen crown rubbed that spot on the roof of her cunt, back and forth, again and again. She was watching me, big green eyes wide with wonder, mouth hanging open. Her full breasts bounced up and down with every thrust of my cock into her tight feminine core, and I couldn't resist them. I pushed balls deep and grabbed a breast and pinched her nipple between thumb and forefinger. She covered her mouth and groaned loudly and her cunt clamped down on my cock. Her neck and shoulders corded and a deep blush crawled up her chest.

God, I loved watching her come, feeling her clenching and releasing around me, soaking my length with her release. I kept myself deep inside until she gradually came back down, then I eased my hard prick out of her sopping wet twat. She moaned in complaint.

"Hush."

She whimpered softly, then sighed as I kissed her breasts and stomach, shuffling down the bed on my hands and knees. She turned her head to the side again and brought her knees together, because she knew what I wanted and she thought she was too sensitive for it. But I knew better. I knew her body. I knew what it could take.

With my hands behind her knees, I forced her legs open, lifting her pelvis. The instant I saw her glistening cunt, I closed my mouth around her and pushed my tongue into her hot furrow. Her fragrance and flavor were so much more potent after she came, and I fucking loved it. I licked and slurped on her sweet box, pushing her knees towards her chest when she tried to writhe away from me, growling into her cunt, demanding that she keep still, that she submit. She whimpered and moaned and clawed her hands into the sheets. She was coming again, gushing into my mouth and I was swallowing her down.

She was still coming when I lifted my soaked face from between her legs and turned her over onto her stomach. I didn't have to say a word. With her shoulders on the bed, she presented her lush ass to me, cunt glistening as she spread her legs. I took hold of her hips and shuffled forward on my knees, found her hot center with my crown and pushed inside. She moaned loudly into the mattress, the oily walls of her slick twat being forced aside by my thick length.

Spreading her ass cheeks with my thumbs, I began to rock my hips back and forth, sawing my full length in and out of her body, long-stroking her until her body shimmered with sweat. Fuck, it was a lovely sight, the lips of her womanhood stretched tight around my shaft as I just plunged inside her to the hilt, my pelvis slapping against her thighs. She was pushing back, meeting me thrust for thrust and taking every inch I had. She was close to coming, but so was I, and I wasn't ready. I wasn't finished with her. Not by a long shot.

I pulled my hips back, my bloated crown finally coming out of her with a wet, sucking slurp that was immediately followed by a vaginal fart. She laughed breathlessly and I chuckled with her. Moments like that were one of the many reasons I loved her so much, because we shied away from nothing, confronted the uncomfortable or embarrassing, and laughed when necessary. One of our mottos; Queef happens. You can let it ruin your play or accept it as part of sex and just roll with it. We rolled with it.

She whimpered and pushed her ass towards me, begging me to fill her, to fuck her. With my hands on her lush behind, I pushed her down onto her stomach and thrust back in, laying myself along her back, reveling in the heat of her sweaty skin and the softness of her body against my harder frame. I fucked her slow at first, adoring the sounds she made, the whimpers and moans, desperate for more and pleading for release.

I pushed up onto my arms and thrust harder, faster, my pelvis loudly slapping against her ass. In that moment, I wanted nothing more than to hear her come again, to see her body shivering with release, but her moans were getting softer and father between. She was still tight, but so wet that there wasn't much friction anymore. I growled with frustration and yanked my dick out of her.

"Don't stop," she hissed.

Oh fuck, the sound of her voice, so desperate and raw and hungry.

"Too wet, baby," I told her.

I clenched my hand around my dick and stripped as much of her nectar off me as I could with one stroke, then I grabbed her hips and hauled her back up onto her hands and knees. She gasped and lowered her head, knowing what was coming. Lodging my cock at her opening, I crammed myself inside her. I was harder than before, longer, wider, and she was still so goddamn tight. She groaned out loud, too loudly. I cringed.

"Shh," I reminded her, thrusting in and pulling out, fucking her hard and deep from crown to nuts.

"Oh God," she whimpered, shoving the pillows aside and clawing at the sheets and pushing back at me, her golden hair fanning out like a fiery halo.

I didn't want him to wake up and find us. I wasn't finished with her. My cock was throbbing with power, so goddamn hard and just absolutely primed to burst. She was so perfect, even after all this time. So beautiful, so fucking hot, wet and just too damned tight to be legal. My turgid length throbbed and swelled inside her, and my balls pulled tight to my groin.

"Gonna come," I warned her.

"Please!" she gasped, pushing back to slap her ass against my pelvis.

I leaned over her and held myself up with one arm then wrapped the other around her chest to maul her breasts and pinch her nipples. Otherwise I just held still, letting her rock her body back and forth beneath me, letting her take her pleasure, impaling her hot cunt on my cock again and again.

"Oh my God," she moaned, body shivering and shaking and coming again. "Oh God!"

I couldn't move. She felt too good, too perfect. The slightest movement on my part and I'd burst.

"Come inside me," she gasped, pushing higher up onto her arms, pressing her back against my chest. "Please, baby. Come inside me."

My cock swelled and my balls pulled so tight to my body that I thought they might crawl inside. With my arm around her chest, I heaved both of us up onto our knees. I wrapped my hand around her throat and squeezed, cutting off her air, fucking my unyielding cock up into her body again and again, knowing that I was almost too big for her, almost too long, almost too wide.

She laid her arms over mine on her chest while I fucked her perfect cunt. I felt it coming. My belly tightened, snapped loose, and hot cum rushed up my shaft. I thrust balls-deep and bit her shoulder, dimly aware that she couldn't breathe. I exploded in her depths, releasing a torrent of thick semen into her climaxing core, rope after rope of hot goo until I felt it leaking out of her and over my balls. She shivered and shook in my arms, and began to go limp.

With a final gasp, I released her throat. She took a sharp breath and collapsed, but I held onto her and eased her down onto the bed. She lay prone, arms and legs out, catching her breath while my dick remained snug inside her cum-soaked pussy. I leaned over her and kissed her sweaty back and shoulders, then nibbled on the back of her neck.

"That was a nice midnight surprise," she mumbled.

I chuckled and kissed her cheek, my erection waning, her body pushing me out of her and making both of us moan plaintively. I laid down beside her and she rolled over to drape her body over mine, cupping my cheek in her hand and kissing me.

I hated that I was getting older, that I couldn't stay hard for hours and hours like in my youth, because even though I was flying high after fucking her for what must have been the ten-thousandth time, it wasn't enough. It would never be enough. I wanted her always.

"I love you," she murmured against my lips.

"Love you too." I kissed her again, softly but at great length.

She laid her head down on my chest and stroked her hand up and down my stomach. I wrapped my arm around her back and we just held each other for a while, gently stroking and petting, and occasionally kissing, and I hated my treacherous, aging body, because even after all that, I still wanted her.

Hm. Maybe it was time for a little blue pill. Could be fun.

She snorted quietly. "I can't believe we didn't wake him up."

"Wouldn't have been my fault," I told her, stroking her soft back. "You make all the noise. Not me."

She pushed up onto her elbow and frowned. "Do not."

"Do so. I can keep quiet. You, on the other hand, need a gag."

She bounced her eyebrows at me. "Promise?"

I grinned and added an item to my mental shopping list.

She frowned again and looked at the open door. "I don't know how he slept through that." She glanced at me, green eyes a little wide with concern, instincts kicking in. "Should we check on him?"

I shrugged a shoulder. "He's two. He could sleep through an earthquake."

She nodded, but she was still looking at me expectantly. Then she bit her lower lip and flashed sad puppy dog eyes at me.

I sighed. "I'll go check on him."

She smiled triumphantly, rolling away so that I could get up. I pulled on my flannel pants and glared at her.

"You're a manipulative bitch, you know that?"

She blew me a kiss.

He was sound asleep, head on his pillow and his arms and legs tucked under him, trying to keep warm because he'd pushed his blanket down the crib. And, of course, he was adorable, perfect, and ours. I pulled the blanket over him and kissed the back of his head, taking a moment to breathe in his unique scent, a mix of his mom and dad, her hair, my skin. I left before my presence woke him, and before I started tearing up.

Making my way back to our room, I kicked off my pants and crawled into bed, wrapping my arms around my wife and pulling her back into my chest. She cooed quietly, half asleep, soft and warm, so utterly feminine and so goddamn perfect, and she was all mine. I was one lucky bastard. I held her close and breathed in her scent as I drifted off to sleep.

Never enough.