 This is the first story I ever wrote. Please feel free to comment and vote. All feedback is greatly appreciated.

* * *

Pulling into the gravel carpark, her headlights formed eerie shadows on the trees as Heather pulled into her usual spot. Resigning herself for another long night at work, she shut off the engine and gathered her few belongings as she climbed out of her old beaten up Toyota. Looking around the parking lot she eyed Juan's sparkling BMW. Her heart skipped a beat as she sighed involuntarily.

Trudging toward the familiar building, Heather smoothed her skirt before entering through the large glass doors. The lights bright and welcoming as she smiled warmly at Kirsten, the chubby cashier, who smiled cheerfully back before returning her attention to her customer. 

Working nights suited Heather's life at the moment. With no man to come home to, her tiny one bedroom apartment seemed large and empty in the evenings. Going to work for her local supermarket kept her busy and her mind too preoccupied to dwell on her loneliness. Since her divorce she rarely ventured outside her home, apart from the occasional visit to the store or to the library where she found solace visiting numerous chat sites, talking to friends in far off places on the public computers.

Spotting Juan talking with Michelle, one of the girls from the deli, Heather smiled, trying not to make her attraction toward him obvious. Juan, a tall, dark haired man, strikingly handsome with his European appearance and dazzling smile, looked up to see Heather heading toward them. His smile warm as he greets her.

"Hi, Heather. Looks like we're in for a busy night. The Cromley order has just come in and it's a big one!" 

Laughing, his eyes sparkling, Heather laughed along, trying not to sound too eager. Did he hold her gaze a moment longer than usual? Heather thought to herself, brushing it off as being her over active imagination. She took the order from Juan's hands and gazed over it. 

"You're right Juan, this will keep us busy all night!" Smiling softly, she took her place behind the counter and prepared to get started.

"Well, I've sliced most of the ham for the order, Heather, but I got busy so I've left it on the slicer for you. Sorry I couldn't do more," Michelle said removing her apron.

"Thanks Michelle, you did great. Any plans for tonight?" Heather asked. 

"No, just a quiet one in front of the box'" Michelle giggled. "Have a good night. I'll see you tomorrow." 

Watching the dizzy blonde walk toward the staff room, Heather laughed softly to herself before gazing her attention back to the Cromley order.

Busying herself slicing and packing the meat into the coolroom, she hadn't notice Juan approaching behind her. Turning, she jumped. 

"Oh, you startled me," Heather laughed.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you." Juan chuckled, placing a hand reassuringly on her arm. 

The feel of his hand through the sheer fabric of her uniform set off sparks deep within Heather's stomach. 

"I came to see if you might like a hand with the order," he continued. 

Feeling the heat in her face as she blushed, being all too aware of his hand still on her arm, Heather tried to regain her composure. 

"I think I have it under control. There's only the pastrami and pork left to slice. I should have it done." Glancing at the clock, Heather gasped. "And I'd better get a move on or I'll run out of time!"

"I'll give you a hand." Juan offered. Smiling gratefully, Heather watched as he took the pastrami from the cooler and headed toward the slicer. 

Heather returned her attention to the task at hand, taking the leg of pork from the shelf and joined Juan at the slicer. Packing the pastrami into the tray, the sound of the slicer broke the silence between the pair as they worked vigorously to finish the order on time. Placing the last tray into the coolroom, Juan wiped his brow. 

"Phew," he said smiling and meeting Heather's gaze. "Thank God that's done!" he laughed. "You did a fantastic job to get that all done so fast Heather." 

"Thank you for your help." she replied mesmerized by his dazzling smile.

The chime of the clock strikes the hour bringing the pair back to reality, just as Sue, Heather's replacement happily greeted them. Noticing the trays lined up in the coolroom, Sue laughed,

"Wow! You have been busy! I take it the Cromley order came in?"

"All done. Ready to go." Juan replied,smiling. "All thanks to Heather's hard work." 

Smiling shyly, Heather removed her apron. 

"Well, it's all yours now Sue. I'm exhausted." she laughed.

Grabbing her jacket and purse, Heather waved her good-byes as she headed toward the carpark. Fumbling through her bag searching for her car keys, Juan came running up behind her. 

"Wait up." he called. 

Turning to see his lithe figure coming toward her, Heather's heart skipped a beat. 

"You really did a great job tonight, Heather. I just wanted to thank you again." he puffed.

"All in a day's work," she joked, noticing the shadows on his face from the lights over head, unable to avert her gaze.

"Hey, I'm going to the bar for a quiet drink, care to join me?" Juan asked. "My shout as a thank you for tonight." 

Trying to hide the excitement in her voice as she answered,

"I'd love to. Thank you." 

"Great," he smiled, "I'll follow you back to your place, then we can go in my car if you'd like." 

"Sounds great. I'll run inside quickly and change." 

Feeling like a school girl, she nervously unlocked her car and waited for Juan to bring his car around.

Back at her apartment, Heather quickly ran inside and tossed her purse on the table. Rushing to her bedroom, unzipping her uniform, she eyed her wardrobe for something to wear. Opting for her favourite black dress, she pulled it on over her head and exhaled nervously as she checked her reflection in the mirror. Smoothing down the creases she said to herself, 

"It's now or never girl. Go get him!" Giggling, she grabbed her purse and headed out toward Juan's car. 

Smiling approvingly, Juan whistled then laughed. 

"Wow, you're even fast at changing."

Blushing, Heather smiled. The pair discussed the night's work as they drove toward the bar. The aroma of Juan's aftershave danced around her nostrils, filling her with thoughts of what it would be like to wake up to his scent on her pillows. Waking from her thoughts, Juan turned his car into an empty space. 

The music audible from the carpark, as the pair head toward the entrance. Juan, cupping the small of Heather's back, led her to a table toward the rear. Taking a seat, she smiled up at him. 

"What'll it be?" Juan asked as Heather continued to take in her surroundings. 

The red lamp shade of the overhead light cast a romantic glow, as the wax, dripping slowly down the candle in the center of the table, flickered slightly as she eyed the wine list. 

"A Riesling will be fine, thank you," she smiled. 

Watching as Juan made his way to the bar through the crowd, Heather takes a moment to recapture her thoughts. Still unable to believe she was there and with Juan, she smiled to herself.

Returning with two glasses of Riesling, Juan smiled as he took a seat beside Heather. The two chatted easily as they sipped their wine, recollecting their busy night. The noise of the crowd and the pulsating beat of the music, almost oblivious to the pair as they laugh and share their life experiences. 

As the crowd slowly started to dwindle, they realise they'd been talking for hours. Juan, placing a hand on Heather's thigh smiled and said,

"Well I think I'd better get you home." 

Almost instinctively, she leaned in and kissed him. As their lips lock together, Juan's fingers tightened slightly around her thigh. Heather moved her hand over his chest as the passion in their kiss intensified. Their tongues entwined as the wine began to take effect. Not sure if it was the adrenaline of the moment or the alcohol, Heather felt a sudden dizziness wash over her as Juan moved his hand slowly up her thigh.

Parting her legs slightly, feeling a gush of moisture warm her inner self, Juan traced his hand almost nonchalantly over her panties. Remembering suddenly where they were, Heather whispered breathlessly in Juan's ear,

"Maybe we'd better get out of here." 

Juan nodded as he took her hand, leading her outside where he took her in his arms and kissed her deeply once again. Tracing the back of his finger down the side of her face, he kissed her lips softly and led her to his car. 

The drive back to her home, seemed to take forever as the pair glanced constantly at one another smiling. As Juan pulled into her driveway, he turned off the engine and reached over taking her in his arms. The kiss reflecting things to come as his tongue drove deep inside her mouth with vengeance. Unashamedly she whispered, 

"Let's go inside." 

As they made their way inside her apartment, Heather closed the door quietly behind them. Feeling a sudden rush of embarrassment wash over her, she offered Juan a drink. Removing his jacket he smiled, 

"That would be great, thanks." 

Following her into the kitchen, Juan stood behind her as she prepared their drinks. Sliding his hands down the sides of her arms, he kissed her softly on the neck. 

Feeling a shiver charge down her spine, Heather turned to face him wrapping her arms around his neck as their lips met. The ferocity in their kiss leaving them both breathless as Juan pulled her dress up around her hips. Heather's panties damp in anticipation, as his hand slid inside them. Guiding a finger between her folds, his tongue slid over hers. 

Feeling a soft moan escape her lips, Heather slid her hand over Juan's crotch finding his zipper, slowly releasing him from the confinements of his trousers.

Cupping his manhood in her hand, Heather moved her hips against Juan's hand. Resting her head against his shoulder, she slowly stroked him. The ecstasy of her pending orgasm, left her weak at the knees. 

Gripping onto Juan for support, she lost herself in the moment. Moaning, as Juan continued to slide his fingers deep inside her as his thumb concentrated on her erect clit. Finding his lips, Heather kissed him hard as her vaginal walls spasmed around his probing fingers. As the last waves of her orgasm subdued, she slowly caught her breath. 

Juan kissed her softly as he hooked his fingers into the sides of her panties and slowly peeled them down over her slender hips. Heather pulled her dress up over her head, tossing it aside. 

Taking in the glory of her sensuous body, Juan kissed his way to Heather's navel as he lowered her panties down her thighs. Heather raised herself onto the bench, tossing her head back as Juan's tongue skimmed over her lips before sliding onto her swollen clit. Parting her folds, Juan wrapped his lips around her bud, flicking his tongue gently as he softly sucked it into his mouth. Sliding two fingers deep inside her, he continued to tease her exposed clit. 

Curling her fingers through Juan's hair, Heather arched her back pulling his face into her as another wave of orgasm rocked her body. Moving his mouth to her opening, Juan slid his tongue deep inside her, lapping up the sweetness of her nectar. 

Raising himself to meet her face, Juan kissed Heather long and hard. Tasting her own juices from his mouth, she returned his kiss voraciously. 

Lowering his trousers, feeling them fall around his ankles, Juan guided his hardness to Heather's moist vagina. Cupping her supple breast, Juan rolled her pert nipple between his fingers, as he thrust himself deep inside her eagerly awaiting pussy. Wrapping her legs high around his back, Heather slid her hands down Juan's back resting them on his ass cheeks, pulling him into her. 

The ferocity of his thrusts increasing as Juan felt himself swell before exploding deep within her. The power of his orgasm causing him to cry out as he buried himself inside her. Still pulsating, Juan kissed Heather ravenously as he slowed down the intensity of his strokes. Her inner walls snug around his shaft as he spilled the last of his load, Juan wrapped his arms around Heather and held her close.

Holding Juan tight as they caught their breath, Heather beamed, knowing that Friday nights after work may never be the same again...