 Meet Cody Jones, the neighborhood bully and all around asshole. For years he had lived, with his family, next door to Jennifer Sloan. Many nights he had fantasized about ramming his thick cock into her preppy little ass and showing her she was no better then anyone else. But, he knew, this was only a fantasy ......... or was it. 

Saturday morning, Cody was awakened by Jennifer and her friends splashing around in her pool and jamming to very loud music. 

"Hey!!," he yelled down from his bedroom window, "You bitches cut that noise out, some of us are trying to sleep here."

Jennifer was in the middle of the pool, floating on a plastic heart shaped float when she pulled her sunglasses down to her nose and looked up at Cody's window, "Are you talking to me?"

"Yeah, I'm talking to you, you little preppy princess, keep your slut friends quiet, I'm trying to sleep," he yelled back, slamming the window shut.

"God, Jen, who the fuck was that?" asked Mia, Jennifer's best friend.

"Oh nobody," she answered, "Just the neighborhood asshole who I've had to live next door to for the past 15 years."

Jennifer slid her sunglasses back up and leaned her head back, soaking in some of the California sun.

Back at Cody's house, sleep was gone for the day now. He climbed out of bed again and sat at his computer desk, sliding it over just a bit to get a full glimpse at the bitch next door. His eyes scanned her long, tan legs and her full breasts that always seemed to make his cock turn into a steel rod. Like always, Cody pulled his throbbing cock from his boxers and proceeded to jack off, watching the object of his desire. 

---------------------

Two days later, there was a knock on Cody's front door, he answered it wearing only a towel as he had just stepped out of the shower. 

"Yeah?" he asked, standing there only to find the bitch, Jennifer, standing on the other side. 

Jennifer was speechless for a moment. She had never seen Cody like this. He was always wearing dirty jeans and t-shirts with holes in them and a bandana around his head. 

"Uhhh, uhhh," she stuttered, finding herself very flustered, "My car won't start, do you think you could come over and look at it? I wouldn't ask except my parents are gone for the summer to Switzerland and you are the only male around ....... So, do you mind?"

Cody rolled his eyes and thought about it for a second or two, "Yeah, let me get dressed and I'll come take a look at it."

As he shut the door, a devilish smile spread across Jennifer's lips, suddenly Cody Jones wasn't so bad after all. 

Fifteen minutes later, as promised, Cody walked over to Jennifer's house and found her in the garage, with the hood up on her car. 

"Ok, I'm here," he said, walking over to the vehicle and the damsel in distress.

"I don't know what's wrong with it, it worked just fine yesterday, now                        it only makes a buzzing sound when I turn the key," she said, sucking on the plastic ear piece of her sunglasses.

Cody leaned into the engine, messing with random wires. Jennifer took this opportunity to walk behind him and check out his ass which was now tucked into a tight pair of Wranglers.

"Well, I think I've found your problem," said Cody, "Look at this battery, it looks like something from the dark ages, you're gonna need a new one."

Jennifer stood there for a moment, then said, "Ok, my parents left me a credit card for emergencies, can you take me to get a new one?"

"Sure, but all I got is my bike, hope you have nothing against motorcycles," he said, slamming the hood closed. 

"Ok, let me go inside and freshen up, I'll meet you in your drive-way in 10 minutes," she said, turning and running into the house.

Ten minutes later, Jennifer came bouncing into the drive-way where Cody was already sitting on his bike, waiting for her. 

"Here, put this on," he said, handing her a black helmet. 

She placed the helmet on and the pair pulled out of the drive-way. 

After purchasing the battery, Jennifer asked Cody if he'd like to get some lunch. He agreed and they spent the next hour eating and talking, finally getting to know each other. During the course of their conversation, Jennifer began to realize that she had alot in common with this guy she had lived next door to since they were both 3 years old.

The couple laughed and shared high school stories and compared their favorite bands and foods. All in all, it turned out to be a wonderful afternoon. One hour had turned into 2 hours and they decided they should head back and install Jennifer's new battery.

After he was finished, Cody thanked Jen for lunch and a "cool afternoon."

Over the next few weeks, the couple would see alot of each other, taking in movies and going on long rides on Cody's bike. They were unknowingly falling in love. 

One afternoon, after a long ride in the country, Jen invited Cody into her house for a soda. He agreed and the pair made their way inside. Once in the house, Cody scanned the living room, noticing Jen's parents had a love affair with blue ...... there was blue as far as the eye could see, in one shade or another.

"Here you go," said Jen, handing Cody a cold pepsi. 

"Thanks," he said, as they both sat down on the large, baby blue sofa.

"Your parents really dig blue, huh?" he asked.

"Yeah, it's almost sickening," she answered, taking a long sip of her drink.

Cody sat back and got comfortable as Jen got up to put some music on.

"Linkin Park okay with you?" she asked, loading the cd into the player.

"Yeah, they're cool, good band," he answered.

Jen smiled and pushed play, then returned to the sofa, this time sitting closer to Cody.

He smiled back and put his arm around her, pulling her head to his chest. 

As hard as she tried, she couldn't help but look down and see the massive bulge that was growing inside his jeans. 

She giggled silently and nestled closer to his body. 

He placed his soda on a table next to the sofa and placed his hand under Jen's chin and brought her lips to his. They shared a very hot first kiss. Jen could feel her insides tingling and her nipples began to rise beneath her blouse. Cody moaned into her mouth and ran his fingers thru her long, thin blonde hair. 

Within minutes, the slow, passionate kiss turned into a heated exchange of loud lip smacks. Their hands were all over each other and Jen had made her way up to her knees, placing her hands on Cody's shoulders. He pulled her onto his lap and cupped her small ass, slightly digging his nails into her cotton skirt. 

They continued to kiss hard as Jen slid her left hand down inside Cody's jeans, quickly wrapping her hand around the biggest cock she had ever felt. Cody moaned louder into her mouth and slid her skirt up above her hips, revealing her purple lace panties. It didn't take him long to start tugging at the panties, pulling them down just below Jen's ass cheeks. 

He broke the kiss and whispered, "Pull my cock out, Jen."

She smiled and obeyed Cody, quickly popping the button free and yanking the zipper down, only to find out he wasn't wearing anything underneath. She immediately saw his thick layer of black pubic hair and this set her on fire. They kissed again as she pulled his cock out and lowered her pussy to the tip. 

Cody, again cupped her ass and began pushing her down, wanting his cock buried inside her NOW.

The pair moaned and panted into each other's mouths as Cody's cock burrowed itself inside Jen's tight pussy. She could feel him stretching her as she began rocking back and forth, fucking this massive cock that was buried inside her cunt. 

Cody reached up and pulled some of Jen's blonde hair, pulling their lips apart. They stared into each other's eyes as their rhythm began to pick up. Jen could feel Cody bucking his hips slightly, fucking up into her steaming cunt. With their eyes locked on each other, Cody began unbuttoning Jen's top, popping a few of the buttons and sending them across the living room floor. 

His eyes widened and his mouth watered when he opened the blouse to find that Jen wasn't wearing a bra. All the fantasies he had had of her tits were nothing compared to the sexy vision he was now witnessing. He ran his hands over the warm, creamy mounds and rolled the hard, pink nipples in his fingers. Jen moaned in a low, slutty growl and threw her head back, grinding her cunt around Cody's cock.

Cody leaned in and lowered his mouth to Jen's left nipple, sucking the hard, pink flesh into his lips. Her moans were now becoming high pitched whimpers and she was beginning to ride Cody's cock in perfect rhythm to the music that was booming from the stereo.

He pawed at her right tit, rubbing it hard and squeezing as he sucked her left nipple, biting it from time to time. 

"Ooohhh, God, Cody," she moaned, bringing her hand up and cupping the back of his head, forcing his mouth to almost inhale her entire tit.

He looked up and watched his sexy bitch's face as he fucked and sucked her. She never looked more beautiful or more sexy then she did at this very moment. She wrapped his long hair in her fist and yanked as she bounced on his steel rod. 

"OOhhh, OOhhhh OOOOhhhhhhhhhhh, Goddddddddddddd," she moaned, "Cody, I'm gonna cummmmmmmm ..........."

Cody released her nipple and placed his hands on her shoulders, forcing his cock to bottom out in her steaming cunt. 

"That's it, baby," he growled, "Cum all over my huge cock, you sexy bitch"

Jen began bouncing wildly, driving Cody's cock deep into her womb as the music continued banging from the stereo.

Cody drove his cock up and bucked his hips with force now, "Fuck, Jen, I'm gonna cum, you want me to pull out?" he asked breathlessly.

"NOOOOO, God noooooo, cum inside me, Cody, please baby, cum so fucking deep inside me," she moaned, finally reaching her climax. 

Her sexy, slutty body quivered as she rode her orgasm to the hilt. Her pussy clamped down around Cody's cock causing him to cum deep within her sexy cunt. 

"OOOhhhhhhhhhh, FUCK," he moaned, dumping his load deep inside her.

He still continued to thrust his cock up inside her, long after he was finished cumming. Again, he took Jen's nipple into his mouth, sucking it hard.

Finally, the pair began to calm down as Jen slowly rocked back and forth, milking the last bit of cum from Cody's spent cock.

"I want you to be mine, Jen," he said, looking into her eyes, "I don't want another man to fuck you ever again."

Jen smiled and agreed to be Cody's girl and agreed that no other man would ever fuck her, except him.

-----------------------------

As the summer wore on, Jen and Cody continued to fuck like wild animals, alternating from his house to hers, then to the pool, twice on his motorcycle and several times in the woods where they would take their long afternoon rides. 

"I love you, Jen," Cody whispered, as they lay on the sticks and leaves in the woods.

"I love you too, Cody," she said, kissing him passionately.

"We should get going, gonna be dark soon," he said, getting up and pulling his jeans back up.

---------------------------------

They arrived home to find Jen's parent's car in the drive-way.

"Fuck, they're early," she said, climbing off the motorcycle. 

"Well go in and see them, baby," he said, "I'll see you tomorrow."

Jen agreed and gave her renegade boyfriend a long, steaming kiss before disappearing into the house.