 He stood at the gate, his thick muscles flexing beneath the fabric from the wind chill blowing through the thin material and into his bones. He shivered and shoved his hands deep into his pockets, as far as they would reach in the small pouches. His big knuckles not leaving much room in the tiny space. He pushed his head down and walked on as the gate opened and the guards hollered for them all to "Get the hell out of here," Other men shouted curses back at the guards, others laughed and took off aware of their freedom. A few ran into the arms of loved ones. He walked past them all, unnoticed, despite his enormous size. 

He stood 6 foot 3, about 240 of thick, solid muscle, built through years of hard manual work and good genetics. He had always been a bigger man, but with nothing but time inside, he had nothing better to do but to workout. His solid rough form had turned chiseled and cut in the right areas. He walked, not entirely sure what the future held, but for now he knew only one thing: he needed a big fat burger and a shot of whiskey. 

He had a small amount of money that the prison gave him before he left, along with one change of clothing and a bag. The rest he had to figure out on his own. Luckily, he had a friend willing to offer him a place to stay along with a decent job in a small construction business. He had no real family, just past memories of foster families that didn't care until he was old enough to be out on his own. 

After that the bad choices were made one after the other until he ended up in prison doing 5 years for losing his temper with someone who had it coming. The coma hadn't been intentional, but attempted murder was the charge and so he did the time willingly and suffered through. Prison wasn't as bad for him, with size on his side. He had kept to himself and others left him be. He was ready to somehow fit back into society, he wasn't sure how that would work, but his main goal was to just stay out of trouble. He wasn't a bad man, nor was he a trouble maker. He was just dealt unfortunate cards that he didn't play very well. He planned to keep his head down, find a place, and make some money and from then on, who knows. He had no love, he had to peace, he just had his life, which wasn't much. 

He walked for miles, the cold nothing but a minor annoyance at this point, as the daylight turned into dusk, the snow began falling, the wind chill dropping and the side of the road freezing. He could see the town ahead and dredged on. 

He opened the door slowly and walked into the bar, the smell of fried food and spilt beer blasting his face, entering his nose, filling his lungs and making his mouth water. Several heads turned in his direction; eyes widened, and then quickly looked away, afraid of his reaction. He was used to that, people being afraid of him. He was an intimidating character. His size was cartoonish and abnormal. He belonged in the freak show as The World's Strongest Man, or in the wrestling ring on television. He kept his eyes down and made his way to an empty barstool. He set down his bag gently, his muscles relaxing in the warm heat of the building. He shifted his massive frame on the stool, his feet resting on the floor. The bartender asked him what he'd like and he ordered his burger and alcohol. 

He stared at his hands, looking at the lines in his palm. He watched his fingers flex, as he closed his fist and re opened it. He ran his left hand through his dark beard and rubbed his jaw. He hadn't realized he had it clenched while he was walking, it was feeling sore now. He left his hand resting on his face and let his elbow lean on the counter, looking deep in thought, though thinking of nothing. His food came, he devoured it in minutes, though relishing in the taste of a burger; he hadn't had one in years. It filled him up fast. He chased the burger down with the shot of whiskey and asked for water. He would have ordered more, but his money supply was limited and he had to be smart. He gulped down the water, waiting for his ride. 

Half hour or so later, a hard slap came down onto his back, that sort of thing would make almost anyone flinch, but he only turned his head to look. Standing there was he his old friend, biggest damn smile on his face, arms wide open for a hug. 

"You big basturd!" Greg yelled, loudly. Max stood, towering over his friend and leaned down, picked him up and squeezed. "Ugggh!" Greg groaned, feeling the air squeeze out. Max set him down and held out his hand, to shake. 

"How ya been, man?" Max asked, his deep voice, low and heavy. 

"Good, good, can't complain. Let's get you outta here, or do you want another drink?"

"Naw, I'm good. I could use a good sleep right about now." Max said, lifting up his bag and throwing it over his massive frame. 

"Alright, the guest room is made up, Amy's fine with you staying with us for a while. She thinks you're coming in from Minnesota, so let's roll with that story, alright?" Greg asked.

"Alright," Max replied, following his friend out of the bar, and into his truck. 

They pulled up to the house a little after 9 p.m. The view was nice, open fields of perfect white snow, no neighbors for miles. The country was a good place to live. The back of the house was lined with trees maybe a ½ mile or so back. The house, a one story 3 bedroom modern home shone brightly against the night sky. The snow glistening from the lights on inside, like a million tiny diamonds. 

Max followed Greg into his home that he shared with his girlfriend of a few years, Amy. Greg and Max had been friends since they were teens. They had shared a foster home for a few months before they were switched out due to the parents' meth lab getting raided. They were split up but had formed a bond after the things they had endured with that monstrous family. They had stayed in touch all these years and Greg had visited Max in prison, without Amy's knowledge. As far as she knew, Max was a hard working man from Minnesota, coming to Michigan for just a change of scenery. 

Max walked through the doorway into the house, ducking his head slightly. He bent down to take off his wet, slush caked boots. His socks were soaking wet and his feet were numb. 

"Here, your room is this way," Greg walked through a hall and opened the door at the end, it was a small room; it had a tiny dresser, a full size bed, and a closet, but it would do. It was better than the cell, it was better than the streets. Max set his bag down on the bed and sat down. 

"Thanks man," he shook his head, looking over at his friend. "I really appreciate this, you have no idea."

"No problem, were family. Fucking brothers. I don't forget that." Greg said, holding his fist up for Max to pound. "C'mon, you need to meet Amy, I think Jenna's here too."

"Whose that?" Max asked, following Greg out of the room and down the hall, into the kitchen.

"Amy's friend." Greg stopped and turned towards Max, "Wait til you see her...holy shit," He smirked, raising his eyebrows at him. Max heard laughter echoing out of the kitchen and down the hall. The first voice was husky and deeper. The second voice was angelic and soft. The sound was refreshing and uplifting. It made Max smile, without thought. He stepped into the kitchen and looked around. There stood two women. One tall and thin, blonde hair to her shoulders. Not many curves, but a decent figure. Max preferred more curves to a woman. 

The blonde threw her head back and slapped the counter laughing hard, her husky laughter even louder now that he was in the kitchen with them. 

Max's eyes shifted over to the other woman standing across from her friend. She had a huge smile on her face; amused at her friend's reaction to whatever it was she had just said. She was a few inches shorter than her friend, with long black hair, highlights of brown throughout, down to her waist. She had darker skin than her friend, possibly Italian. Her white teeth sparkled like the snow outside, as her lips, pink, glossy and full, curled up with her big smile. Max followed his eyes down her body; she had a smaller frame, nice curves in the right places. She had a snug grey sweater dress on with leggings. It made her ass round and her breasts rounder.

Max felt his face flush with warmth. His chest got tight and his stomach felt sick. He hadn't seen a woman in a while. And this woman was beautiful. Beautiful didn't even describe her correctly. She was...perfect. Max felt the front of his pants tightening and the arousal overtake him. 

He blinked his eyes quickly and tried to focus his attention elsewhere. He wasn't sure which was Amy. He did not want to be lusting over his friends' woman. The women turned their attention suddenly towards the men in the room. The blondes' eyes got big for a moment then she smiled and waved. 

"Hi! You must be Max, I've heard so much about you! I'm Amy." Max felt dizziness wash over him, the blonde was Amy, Thank God. 

He nodded his head at her, smiling, "Hi," he mumbled, his throat extremely dry. He then turned his glance to the dark beauty. Jenna. She looked at him from across the room. Her lips were parted slightly, and she slowly licked them unconsciously. Her eyes, the bluest things Max had ever seen in his life, bore into his body. 

She looked him up and down slowly. She followed her eyes up his huge frame and to his face, when she met his eyes, she blushed lightly and looked away, embarrassed. She smiled to herself, or to him, he wasn't sure. 

All he knew was that he wanted her. He had never seen a woman like her. He had never wanted something so bad, needed something so much. Whatever it took, whatever he had to do, he would be with her. That was his purpose in life now. Her.