 He awoke to the sound of silence, which was a first. For a moment confusion swept through his tired brain and he couldn't wrap his head around why there wasn't any yelling, swearing, banging on the bars. Then he remembered: I'm out. Then she came to his mind. Jenna. 

He remembered her curves, her laughter, her smile, but most of all her eyes. Those blue orbs were not just beautiful, not just a pretty color, they were seductive, they were enticing, they were sexy. He wanted those eyes looking up at him. He needed to see her again, soon. Today. But first he had to start work. 

He got up and around and Max and Greg soon left for his first day on the construction job. It had been a long while since he had done anything like the sort and it was nice to be working hard, with his hands, using his body to build. They were working on the interior of an office complex. The job was supposed to last 3 weeks. That promised Max 3 weeks of good pay. That could get him a car by the end of the month. And hopefully after that, his own apartment. 

Through what he hoped sounded like casual conversation Max was able to get some information on Jenna from Greg. She was a 25 year old first grade teacher. She and Amy had been friends since they were in Elementary School and were close as sisters. Jenna lived alone. No pets, no roommates, but most importunately: no boyfriend. 

"You sure are asking a lot about Jenna," Greg laughed, as they made their way to his truck after the day had ended. "Look I get it, she's beautiful, she's smart, and she's funny. She'd be a great girl for someone. And I think she'd be great for you. But she's not easy. She tends to be very closed off. I'm not sure why. But she limits who she lets into her life, especially when it comes to men. All I'm saying is, don't expect her to sleep with you anytime soon." 

Max thought all that information over in his head on the drive home. It didn't make him falter though; it made her more...desirable. It made her sexier to know she wasn't a slut. That just meant she'd have to trust him, get to know him, love him. He was perfectly OK with that. He wanted that. 

But he also wanted to fuck someone, soon. They weren't a couple yet, it wouldn't be wrong. She wouldn't have to know. Max asked about the local bars and where he could find someone. Greg told him about a little club outside of town with strippers and a few ladies that do extra for the right price. Greg gave Max $50 and told him it was a gift and to have a good time. Max had never paid for sex before, but what the hell, he was willing. 

Later that night, after a nice dinner made by Amy, and a few more questions about Jenna, Max got ready and went out. He had been able to wiggle her apartment name out of them and was now on the hunt for it. With a little direction from a local gas station clerk, he came to her apartment complex around 10 p.m. 

The apartments were different than he'd seen before. Rather than a building with apartments stacked on top of each other they were more like bungalows. Clusters of 3 small apartments together side by side in one building. Each had a small lawn and parking spot in front of the door. The lot was well lit and her green car was easy to spot. 

He parked in an open lot and stared at her window. He wondered what she was doing in there. The light was still on in one room. He thought maybe that was her bedroom. Maybe she was undressing, getting ready for bed. Maybe, since she was single she needed to tend to her own personal release. The light went out. Time for bed, he thought, noting the time. If she was a teacher then she probably had to get up pretty early. He imagined her in a cute little dress, reading to her students, laughing and smiling at them all. He bet they loved her. 

God, he wanted to see her so bad. He closed his eyes and imagined her room. More so, her bed. He saw her lying there under the thick covers, snuggled warm. Her dark hair splayed out on the bed beneath her on the big white pillow. Her arms above the covers but then slowly she took her left arm and slid it under the covers. She moved her hand over her pajama bottoms, rubbing her pussy through her pants, giving just a faint sensation to her clit. She moaned softly to herself, her other arm now folded up and resting by her face, her fingers working through her hair. Max could see her clear as day in his head. 

She slipped her hand under her pajamas and under her panties. She had a small patch of pubic hair, thin and trimmed. She tickled it gently then rubbed her two fingers slowly over her clit. She dipped her hand lower into her folds where her juices were flowing freely now. With her fingers moist, she again rubbed her clit in a circular motion. She groaned louder, her eyes closed, eyebrows curled up in a look of pleasure. Her legs shifted wider under the covers. Her breathing grew deeper, her breaths bigger and more raspy. She rubbed herself faster, her legs wide open now. She tightened her grip on her hair as she curled her lower back up. She bit down on her bottom lip, and felt the orgasm take over. She opened her eyes and whispered Max's name, smiling. 

Max opened his eyes and rubbed himself. He was hard as a rock. Max wanted his hands in her panties. He wanted to feel her warmth, her wetness. He wanted to make her cum. He needed someone, now. It wasn't going to be Jenna, unfortunately, but that will come. He had to be patient for that. But until then, he'd have to see what they had available at this club.

He drove a ways; Greg had lent him the car for the night, knowing his friends' need for a good release. He followed the direction Greg had given him and came to it a little after midnight. The place was small, seedy and what you'd expect. 

He walked in to see only a few men sitting at the round, low tables. A couple more people were at the bar, backs to him. Over to the left was the bar, over to the right was the stage for the strippers. A worn out, raggedy looking, red head was on stage shaking her hips to an old, slower, Metallica song. He looked around for the other women; there was a prettier blonde chatting with a few men at one table. She was cute, but not what he wanted. He went over to an empty table and sat down, scanning the room over. 

"Hey there, handsome," a high voice called from behind him, he started to turn but she met him half way, coming around. Perfect. She had dark hair, a smaller build and it looked like she might have blue eyes. That wasn't so hard, Max thought. He smiled his friendliest smile. "Can I get you something, baby?" the girl asked, putting her hand on his shoulder. He tilted his head to the side, looking up at her. 

"Guess it depends, what'd you offer?" Max asked, furrowing his brows at her, giving her a quizzical look. 

The girl looked around the room for a moment, as if checking something, then bent down into his ear and whispered, "Whatever you're looking for, handsome. You just tell me what you want." She lifted her head back up and looked at him, waiting for a response. 

"I think you know what I want," Max replied. 

"You're right, I think I do. Follow me." She turned and walked towards the back of the building, behind the bar. Max followed closely behind. His nerves were starting to get the best of him. It had been so long since he had been touched, so long since he'd even seen a naked woman. 

His stomach fluttered with anticipation and his groin ached for release. She took him into a small room; it looked like some kind of VIP room. There was a chair, a couch and a small round end table. The table had a lamp on it with a very dim light. The girl turned and shut the door behind him. "You sure are a big boy," she said, her voice falsely seductive. Max could tell this was her job. She was not here for fun; she was not here for pleasure. She was here for money. 

He took out his $50 and set it on the table. He sat down on the chair and looked up at her. She wasn't very pretty. Her face looked older than it should; her hair was dry and obviously dyed. But, in the right light, at the right angle, if he tried hard, she could be Jenna. The girl looked down at the money on the table and raised an eyebrow. "My names Candice," she said, biting down on her lip.

"No," Max replied, "It's Jenna." The girl didn't even seem surprised by the request. She nodded her head and sauntered over to him, kneeling down between his legs. 

"For that much money, I'll be whoever you want, baby." She ran her hands up and down his legs, stopping at his knees. Max grabbed her hair and moved some of it towards her face to block her features. She looked more like Jenna now. She could at least pass for her, if he imagined. She ran her hands back up his legs and stopped at his belt. 

She began to undo the belt buckle and pull it off. Max grabbed her hands and yanked her up onto his lap. She straddled him, arms tucked into her chest, wrists held my Max. He leaned back and closed his eyes, pulling her arms over by his head so she was on his lap and close to his face. She placed either hand on the back of the chair and rubbed her face against his, nuzzling his cheek a little bit. He turned into her touch. It was now Jenna's face so close to his, rubbing against his. 

She kissed his throat softly, flicking her tongue out now and then to give a tickle. It turned his stomach, in a good way. She pulled on his shirt and peeled it off. "Woah," she breathed, impressed with his physique. She ran her hands through his chest hair, and back up to his shoulders. She kissed his neck again then began trailing down his chest. Her legs slipped off his lap and onto the floor. She finished undoing his belt and unzipped his pants. 

He helped assist in peeling them off, along with his boxers. His member stood tall and thick, ready for attention. But first, she kissed around his legs, tickling and teasing him. The sensation was driving Max wild. Jenna was such a sexy tease. She knew just how to touch him and where. 

"Jenna," Max whispered, breathing her name. She finally gave him what he wanted. What he needed. She wrapped her hand around his cock, giving a gentle squeeze. Max moaned loudly, the sound coming from deep within. The feeling of her hand, it was too much. He wasn't sure how long he'd be able to hang on for. The pleasure was building, fast. She stroked him a few times, and then he felt wetness and warmth around his member. She had taken him in her mouth. The sensation was incredible. Tingles ran through his body from head to toe. Her mouth was hot and her lips were tight around him. She seemed to swallow him whole, like an old pro. 

She was a pro, a whore. This wasn't Jenna, this was some junkie hooker. Max shook his head, trying to shake the facts from his brain. Wait, no, it was Jenna. Yes, it was. It was sweet Jenna, in her grey sweater dress, kneeling before him. A goddess at his knees. She had chosen him to love, to touch, to suck. He thought only of her as the pleasure once again built. He looked down at the girl, her face down and covered by her dark hair. It was Jenna, her head bobbed slowly as she rode his cock with her mouth. 

Max put one hand on the back of her head, touching her hair softly. She quickened her speed, bobbing faster, bringing him to the brink of climax. He grabbed onto a handful of hair and squeezed as the need overcame him. The release filled his body and poured out into Jenna's mouth. She sucked him dry and swallowed. She licked her tongue around her lips, getting all traces of his cum. 

As soon as she was done and she looked up at him, his satisfaction was gone. It wasn't Jenna anymore. It was just some stripper whore with too much makeup. Max sighed, the disappointment filling the spot in his stomach where his pleasure and happiness had been moments before. Max stood up and dressed quietly. The girl grabbed her money and sat down on the couch. She watched him through narrowed eyes, not sure what his deal was. He pulled his shirt on and walked toward the door without even a second glance at her. 'Well, that was kind of weird,' she thought to herself, 'although I've seen weirder.' She stood, adjusted herself and went back to work. 

Max drove back to Jenna's and parked in the same spot once again. He spent the next 2 hours sitting there. Not moving or seeing, just sitting. He felt like shit. He felt he had cheated her. Next time, it would be with her. He wouldn't be with anyone else. He couldn't. Other women were disgusting. Mere insects next to her. Next time, it'd really be her.