 Laura was apprehensive as she paced back and forth outside the door of Jack's apartment. It had been three days since they fought about moving in together, and she was missing him terribly. She finally couldn't take it anymore, and after an hour driving aimlessly around town to try to clear her head, she had ended up there. Every time she nearly mustered up the courage to knock on his door, she found an excuse not to. At one point, she wondered if he could hear her out there; the soft sounds of her sneakers on the worn-down carpet, her gentle crying, her intake of breath every time she backed away from his door once again.

She didn't even know why she had thought of going there in the first place. Her dark blonde hair was disheveled, she had no makeup on, her hazel eyes were swollen from crying, and she was wearing her pajamas. Jack surely wouldn't want to see her. She resigned herself to her fate of being without him, and right as she turned around to leave, she heard the tell-tale click of his door opening.

"Laura? What are you doing here?" There stood Jack, looking naturally handsome as always. His glasses were slightly down his nose, his black hair was tousled, and his bright green eyes were bright. He sounded confused but not angry. Laura froze and took a deep, steadying breath, and she wrung her hands in front of her, twisting them in her sweater as she turned to face him.

"Hi, Jack." She cautiously stepped forward and looked down at her feet. "I missed you," she admitted softly.

"I miss you, too," he breathed as he closed the distance between them in one single step and took her face in his hands, gently prodding her to look at him. "But we can't have a disagreement over something that big and expect to just be okay."

Despite herself, Laura felt fresh tears starting to fall. "I know. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to react that way. I do want to live with you; in fact, nothing would make me happier." She smiled up at him, her first genuine smile in days.

"You do?" His voice sounded strained, as if he was holding back tears of his own.

"Yes, Jack, I do. I really do." Her lips tingled as she longed to kiss him, longed to touch him in the way she needed to. "I hate being away from you."

"I do too, these last few days have been torture."

"They have for me too, as you can probably tell," Laura laughed softly.

"You're still the most beautiful girl I've ever seen." Jack pressed his forehead to Laura's and gently rubbed his thumbs over her cheeks as he gave her the smile that made her melt. "Do you want to come inside and talk?"

Laura's face flushed as she bit her lip and nodded. "I would love to."

Jack smiled and gently slid his hand down to take hers, clasping it tightly as he led her into his apartment; the apartment she had been in so many times before, but tonight it seemed different somehow. The atmosphere was charged; maybe it was because they had been apart for the last three days and there was sexual tension between the two of them. Jack looked like he was about to make a move, but he suddenly backed up a step, letting her hand go and running one of his hands through his hair.

"Would you like anything to drink? I have wine and beer; not the god stuff, though. My roommate drank it all before he moved out yesterday." Jack rolled his eyes as he walked to the kitchen area and opened the fridge. She stepped out of her shoes and kicked them gently out of the way as she considered her answer.

"Beer sounds good; I'm sort of burned out on wine for the moment. My girlfriends and I drank a pretty sizable amount of it this weekend. We also ate a lot of ice cream." Laura self-consciously crossed her arms over her stomach and looked up at Jack, who looked like he was trying not to laugh. "And what is so funny? I'm all gross!"

"You're not gross." He stepped forward and handed her a beer, which she accepted gratefully and took a swig. Jack continued, "I just find it almost funny that you acted like we were broken up, since that couldn't be farther from the truth." The look on his face turned more serious as he took a sip of his own beer and ran his fingers through her hair.

"You really mean that?" Laura's eyes welled up with tears.

"Of course I do." Jack took her beer from her hand and set them both down on the coffee table, turning his back to her for a moment.

He turned to look at her again, and instantly she was lost in his eyes. He looked like he was about to say something else, but Laura effectively cut off whatever it was by lunging herself at him and throwing her arms around his neck, smiling for a fraction of a second before pressing her lips to his in a deep, tender kiss. He immediately reciprocated by wrapping his arms around her slender waist, pressing her body flush against his.

Laura's moan was muffled against his lips as she murmured, "I need you."

"God I need you too," he whispered. "We can talk more later." He picked her up by her waist and she wrapped her legs around his waist.

"I love the sound of that," Laura said as she wrapped herself more tightly around him while he carried her to his bedroom. As she pressed closer to him, she could feel his erection pressing against her. "I can feel how much you need me, you know. I need you just about as much." Her voice dropped to a low whisper as she rubbed against him, biting her lip coquettishly. "I haven't been able to stop thinking about you."

"Mmm, I haven't either, Laura." The way Jack said her name made her moan, and she slid down his body to the floor and pulled his blue t-shirt off over his head before tossing it to the floor. He helped her take off her hoodie and tank top, murmuring appreciatively when he saw that she wasn't wearing a bra. "You are so sexy."

"Shut up and kiss me," Laura murmured as she pressed her naked torso against his and kissed him, opening herself to him when he licked her lips. His tongue massaged hers in a way that made her wet, and she moaned desperately into his mouth. Without breaking their kiss, he pushed her shorts and panties down her long, smooth legs and she wriggled out of them. He teased his fingertips back and forth across the base of her stomach then moved his hand between her legs, groaning when his fingers found her clit and he felt how wet she was.

"Oh fuck!" Laura moaned as she broke their kiss and tilted her head back. Jack took advantage of this and kissed and nibbled along her neck and collarbone.

"I love how wet you are for me," he whispered huskily. As his fingers rubbed in slow circles around her clit, she unzipped his jeans and pushed them and his boxers to the floor. He stepped out of them and she gripped his hard cock, loving the way he growled against her skin as she stroked his shaft teasingly.

"Please make love to me, I don't want to wait anymore," she whispered. Without hesitation, Jack gently lay her down on the bed, following her closely and keeping his hand on her clit. She ground her hips against his hand and locked her eyes onto his, spreading her legs and guiding the head of his cock to the entrance of her wet pussy. He moved so that his hands were braced on the bed on either side of her shoulders as he slowly pushed into her with a groan.

"You're so wet and tight," he moaned as he started thrusting gently in and out of her. "Three days feels like an eternity." Laura could only nod in agreement as she grabbed either side of his face and kissed him, moaning into his lips as she moved her hips to meet his every thrust.

They made love slowly for a while, but soon, neither of them could stand the tension anymore. Laura raked her nails down Jack's shoulder blades, moaning out "Harder, I need you, please!" Jack responded with a grunt as he started pounding into her faster and faster until Laura was writhing underneath him and nearly breaking his skin with how hard she was scratching him.

"I love being inside you," Jack panted as he slammed his cock into her again and again, the whole time still rubbing her clit, so quickly that his hand was a blur.

"Don't stop!" was all Laura could manage to say as she felt her orgasm building. "Oh fuck, I'm gonna- FUCK I'M CUMMING!" she screamed as her orgasm hitting her with such force that her body tensed and arched off of the bed, remaining nearly frozen there as Jack continued to mercilessly slam into her, trying to hold back his own orgasm because he wanted to give her as much pleasure as possible before he let go. Another orgasm wracked Laura's body, her inner muscles clamping tightly around Jack's cock and making it harder for him to move, but he managed, growling deeply in his throat.

"Oh fuck, I can't stand it anymore," Jack moaned as he thrust hard twice more and came deep inside her with a growl. This triggered another orgasm from Laura, and she moaned hoarsely as she thrust her hips in perfect rhythm with his. When Jack finished, he rolled off of her and collapsed, panting heavily.

They lay in silence for a few moments, catching their breaths, until Laura finally spoke. "Words cannot describe how badly I needed that," she said between deep breaths.

"Ditto," Jack chuckled breathily. He rolled over to look at her, and she turned to him at the same time. "I love you," he whispered.

"I love you, too. Never let me go, okay?" Laura answered imploringly.

"That would be impossible to do, since you are mine forever," he grinned in a way that Laura knew he was telling the truth.

"I really like the sound of that." She snuggled in to him and sighed contentedly. Jack kissed the top of her head and pulled the rumpled covers up around the two of them, reached over to turn the bedside lamp off, and wrapped an arm protectively around her. Soon they were both sleeping soundly, and it was the most peaceful night's rest that either of them had had in days.