 You know you're in trouble when your wife snuggles up to you and says, "Sweetheart."

You don't want to know what she's going to say but you know you're not going to escape so you very cautiously say, "Yes?"

"The amalgamation of my company with Anderson's Beavers and Brains is going ahead."

"That's great news, honey," you say, relieved it was just something work related. 

"I know. My department will just about double in size and I'm in line for a nice rise, as well."

"And you deserve it. You work hard and produce brilliant results for them. It's about time they showed their appreciation with some financial incentive for you."

So far all was sweet. Maria had worked hard to bring this amalgamation about and she was line for a healthy bonus as well as the better paying job if they pulled it off.

"As of next Monday I'll be working flat out for a week getting everything sorted out. I'm going to be frantically busy."

"I fully understand that, love, and you have my full support."

"I knew you'd understand. I'll call you every night without fail."

"Eh?"

"Oh, didn't I mention that we'll be doing the work at Anderson's headquarters. They're, um, situated on the Gold Coast. I have to fly up there for the week. My plane leaves on Sunday night."

When it comes it's always a killer. Interstate for a week. I thought a few choice words but I didn't say them. I knew when to be supportive.

"Um, well, yeah. It'll be a change for you. Weather is awfully hot up there."

"Ha. Like I'll be getting out of the office to find out what the weather is like. I'll be lucky to even see daylight."

All things considered the news wasn't too bad. A week without Maria meant I'd be eating a few meals from the local take-a-ways, but I could handle that for a week. Very easily, now that I thought about it.

"Now I know that you hate cooking and housework so I've arranged for you to have help for the week. Patti is going to come and cook and clean for the week."

The other shoe had just dropped. Actually, the week's absence was more of a slipper and fell with a gentle pat. Patti was a steel capped work boot that was slammed to the floor with great force.

"Your sister, Patti? That is the Patti you mean?" I asked in fear and trepidation.

"Um, yes. Who else would I ask to help me out?"

Practically anyone at all, would be my preference. Maybe I could still extract myself from this.

"I'm sure I can look after myself for a week," I said. "There's no need to bother Patti. She's just a child."

"She's eighteen. The experience will do her good."

Her, maybe. Me, not so likely.

"She's not the best cook in the world," I explained. "Last time she cooked a steak well-done I could have sold the result as charcoal. Charcoal would have been tastier, too."

"She won't approve if she doesn't practice," Maria said.

"She doesn't like me," I pointed out. "She thinks I'm an unwashed, uncouth, barbarian."

"An excellent judge of character," said my smirking wife. "Your pointing out that you have a bath twice a year whether you need it or not did not help."

"She still shuns boys in case she catches boy-germs. She's a ditz."

"I don't think she's that bad," Maria said, but she didn't sound too confident.

I did, but I could see I wasn't going to get very far. I sighed and let it go. I'd be at work most of the day and if the food was too bad I could go and get take-a-way, whether Patti liked it or not. Come to think if it, if Patti was cooking I would be buying take-a-way for two. I doubt that she'd eat what she cooked herself.

Sunday rolled around all too soon. Patti turned up and greeted Maria, all hugs and kisses and smiles. After that she deigned to notice my presence and snarled in my general direction. I politely snarled back and backed away cautiously.

Maria was picked up and whisked away to the airport. I turned to regard Patti who was pointedly ignoring me.

"What the hell are you doing here, Patti?" I asked.

"I promised Maria that I'd keep house for a week and see that you're decently fed," she told me.

"Yeah, yeah, I know all that. The question remains, what are you doing here?"

She gave me a nasty look and shrugged.

"Mother is being a bitch, lately, always on my back for no reason at all. I can't even walk in the room and she'd have something to bitch about. When Maria asked me to come here for a week it seemed a better option that spending a week with my mother. I don't know what's got into her."

"Perfectly normal," I told her. "You're reaching that stage in your life when you'll be wanting to leave home. Your mother knows it and is just being bitchy to give you that added incentive. She probably doesn't even realise she's doing it. It's like the mother bird giving the fledgling a kick in the ass so it falls out of the nest and flies. I wouldn't worry about it. If you don't leave she'll just revert to normal behaviour after a while."

Patti reacted rather hostilely to my masterly summation of her home situation but I just ignored her. I just got on the phone and ordered some pizza, although I did ask her for her preference.

I had dinner and then watched some TV until I was ready to retire for the night. Just a quiet night at home. Oh, I did have to explain to Patti that noise-makers had two volume controls. One was where she turned the dial to an acceptable level. The other was where I put my foot through the offending speaker. Seeing it was her speaker she opted to turn the dial.

I got up then next morning, had breakfast, and headed off to work. After a full day at work I was ready for home and a decent meal, although feeling a little dubious about the quality of the meal that I would get. My expectations of a poor quality meal were not met. To have been met there would have needed to be a meal. There wasn't one. 

I could see that Patti had had breakfast and lunch. Her plates and the things she'd used were scattered around the kitchen. There was no sign that she'd made any effort towards preparing dinner. I decided that a friendly chat was in order and went in search of her.

I could hear noise coming from the front room and assumed that she was in there. I wandered in and reviewed the situation. Patti saw me come in as I saw her glance towards me before her eyes reverted to the TV. She was still, I was willing to swear, in the pyjamas that she'd worn to bed the previous night. They might not have been but you couldn't prove it by me. She also had several dishes and some nibbles on the coffee table, indicating she just might have been there all day.

When I put all her little peccadillos together it seemed to me that she wasn't throwing out a subtle challenge but was declaring war. I suspected that I was supposed to reprimand her and tell her what was expected of her where upon she would defend herself by calling me a bully. My attitude was why should I? She knew damn well what she was supposed to do. She'd already discussed that with Maria.

It occurred to me that I now knew why her mother was picking on her. At the same time I had a blinding flash of the obvious. Maria didn't really think that Patti would pitch in and do the housework and cook my meals. Maria expected her to do just what she was doing; seeing how much she could get away with. I was expected to deal with her, bringing her into line, and I had a week on which to do it. Thank you, Maria. Thank you very much.

A lecture wasn't going to do much except annoy her and irritate me. Or should that be irritate her and annoy me? Kicking her out of the house would please me but wouldn't teach her anything and would annoy Maria. I suspect that Maria had already considered those two options and would know that I'd reject them. I shrugged (mentally only) and went and sat on the couch next to Patti.

"Had a nice industrious day, did you?" I asked affably.

"Huh?" she said giving me a passing glance. 

She actually seemed surprised that I'd speak to her. Not that she cared. Her attention was now back on the idiot box and the parade of idiots dancing about in it. Ah, well, I hadn't really expected much of a conversation at this point.

I hadn't just say anywhere on the couch. I'd placed myself so that she was on my right, just where I could easily take hold of her and swing her across my knee. I proceeded to do this little task, with Patti giving a startled squeal. 

With Patti face down across my lap my hand came down firmly upon her rump. I won't say she gave another startled squeal. It was more of a shout of shocked horror, which she promptly repeated when I repeated the spank. I actually managed to give her half a dozen good spanks before she found her voice in a coherent manner.

"What are you doing?" she managed to shriek.

I paused the spanking, still holding her in position, with the spanking hand resting on her bottom.

"Ah, spanking you?" I suggested. "Just as a way of getting and holding your attention. Is it working?"

"What? No. You stop it. Now!"

So. Not working, huh? Maybe I'd better take additional steps. I pulled down her trousers and panties, leaving her with a bare bottom. (I was absolutely positive they were her pyjama pants from the previous night.)

There was a lot more squealing going on now, but I just went ahead and dropped a few more hard spanks on her now bare bottom. Finally she got her voice under control.

"Stop it. What are you doing?"

I paused the spanking, my hand idly rubbing her smarting bottom. (Well, yes, my hand might have drifted a little from her backside but the principle was the same.)

"I already answered that," I replied to her question. "Don't you listen? I need to make sure you're actually paying attention while I talk to you."

"OK. OK. I'm listening. Couldn't you have just said you wanted to talk to me?"

"What makes you think I didn't?" I asked her, leaving her stumped. She knew perfectly well that she didn't know if I had or not because she'd been pointedly ignoring me.

"Ah, I'm sorry," she said quickly. "What did you want to talk about?"

"How about we talk about what you've done today?" I suggested.

"I haven't done anything," she protested.

She seemed a little uncomfortable, squirming about under my hand. Possibly her bottom was smarting more than I thought. I very considerately started massaging a little more firmly.

"But isn't the reason you're here so that you can do something?" I asked. "You know, like housekeeping and maybe preparing dinner?" 

My fingers, for some reason, were getting wet. Maybe because they'd trespassed between her lips and were doing their massaging internally. Not that Patti seemed to be worrying about it.

"Ah, I'm sorry," she gasped out. "I'm not used to being the one responsible for that sort of thing. I just forgot all about it."

She also writhed about a bit more than she had been doing. Was it my imagination or was she pressing herself against my hand? I sort of suspected that it wasn't my imagination. Not that she knew what she was doing, not really. One thing my probing had discovered was that she was still a virgin. Interesting but it didn't affect this discussion at all. 

"Then I assume that tomorrow you will do what Maria asked you to do? That will include getting out of bed at a reasonable hour, doing any housework required, and preparing a meal for when I get home? I'm always home by six so you can time the meal accordingly."

"Yes, yes," she said quickly, eager to agree if it meant getting up off my lap, I suspected. "I'm sorry about today, honestly."

"OK," I said swinging her back to her feet and standing up myself. "However, I do think a penalty is called for to make up for today's lack of performance. Why don't you bend over the arm of that chair?"

I steered her towards a very fat armchair. The arms to the chair were big and fat and at just the right height. She was bending over it before she really caught on to what was happening. She hadn't even had a chance to pull up her pyjamas and she was now very nicely on display.

"Wait," she said, speaking quickly. "You already spanked me. There's no need to do it again."

"Patti, you don't think that was a real spanking, do you?" I asked. "Why, I barely warmed up your bottom." Which was true. It was more of an attention getter than a spanking. It might have smarted a little, but that was all.

My hand dropped down and started rubbing her mound again. It was hot and wet and ready for some more dedicated attention.

"You may put your mind at rest," I assured her. "I'm not about to spank you."

Typical virgin. It took her a couple of moments to catch on. I could see when she finally did as her whole body jerked and she turned her head to look at me.

"Wait a minute," she gasped, "You can't think that I'm going to let you oh my god!"

She interrupted herself when my trousers went down and she saw that yes, I did think she would let me. She hastily turned her head away, not wanting to see what was about to happen. Oddly enough, she wasn't saying no, either. I'd expected some sort of denial, ranging from a demure refusal to a frantic plea for mercy. Instead I just had a young lady not looking but poised and waiting.

She gasped when she felt me part her lips and then gasped again when she felt my erection leaning against her. Still holding her lips apart I pressed gently into her, withdrawing my hand so her lips could wrap around me and hold me. Now that we were engaged I started pressing home.

She gave a small squeak when I broke her hymen but that was all. I guess she was lucky that being deflowered hadn't hurt. For that matter I guess I was also lucky. She may have made a fuss if it had hurt.

Now that things were progressing I forged ahead, moving slowly but deliberately, inexorably pushing deep into her. After a few moments she started making little ah sounds as I moved deeper. These sounds were becoming louder the further I penetrated. I have to admit she was quite noisily accepting me at the finish.

I was definitely right about one thing. Those were certainly her pyjamas. The top was really loose and there was no impediment, such as a bra, to my closing my hands upon her breasts, the pair of them fitting neatly into my grasp, her nipples already hard little nubs that pressed against my palms. 

Now that I was set I just started moving easily. She was making some rather startled but appreciative sounds so I'd say it seemed she was not in distress, which was fortunate. I wouldn't want to make her punishment too onerous. I just kept up a nice easy rocking motion, waiting to see if she'd catch on as to what she was supposed to do.

She wasn't a total ditz, it turned out. She started moving with me in a remarkably short time, pushing eagerly to meet me. I moved things along a little faster, finding her quite eager to match me. She was still giving tongue, happy little sounds emerging from her as I took my pleasure. 

Being a virgin I figured it would probably take a while for her to build up to a climax so I kept the pace a little slower than I normally would, pacing myself so I could keep going. She settled down happily, taking her punishment with good will. 

Patti prospered under my attentions, starting to push back harder, silently urging me on to greater effort. I assume silently because she didn't know what to ask for. I knew what she wanted, however, and adjusted my efforts accordingly.

I was moving faster now, hitting her harder, and her vocal excitement was building, urging me on. She was ready and eager and I saw no need to defer things. I started putting on the pressure, building on her excitement, urging her towards a climax. 

I finished off with a bang, driving in hard and feeling her come to pieces under me, yowling out her excitement and pleasure as her climax rolled over her. 

Afterwards I arranged for a delivery of Chinese. Tomorrow, I quietly pointed out to Patti, I expected a home cooked meal. I didn't expect to get a good one but I did want her to put the effort in.

After dinner we were watching TV when Maria called. She told me how things were going and asked how my day was. 

"Well," she said, as we were finishing up the conversation, "have you raped Patti yet?"

"What are you talking about?" I demanded. "I would never do that. What makes you think I would?"

"OK, no need to get upset," Maria said. "It's just that when I asked Patti if she would stay for the week she expressed her belief that you were a brute and an animal who would rape her before the end of the week. I pointed out that she was a complete ditz at times and I doubted that she'd last a single day without getting either spanked or raped or both. So what happened?"

"Um, I will admit to having to chastise Patti earlier," I told her, "but that was all. I assure you that there was no rape involved."

"Sure," said Maria with a snigger. "Don't worry. I'll get all the details of Patti when I ring her."