 The next few weeks were amazing. Max had never been happier. With the life he's had, it wasn't hard to say that, but with Jenna things were perfect. Christmas break came and they spent every single day together, mostly in bed. They spent Christmas together with their friends, exchanging a few gifts and a nice dinner. It was the best Christmas Max had ever had. 

The more time Max spent with Jenna, the more we got to know her; the more he realized how unbelievably kind, beautiful and enchanting she was. She was so fun and silly, she was always making him laugh. She was generous and caring, always wanting to make sure Max was happy and satisfied. And Max was the same for her. He had never had this before, the chance to treat someone like this, and no one had certainly ever treated him this way. No one had ever put him first, his wants and needs first, or cared what he thought about anything. Jenna made him feel like he was worth something, like he mattered. 

His feelings for her were strong to begin with, even when he didn't know her that well, but now that he knew her intimately, knew her deeply, he couldn't get enough. He couldn't get her out of his head. He couldn't stand being away from her. But when they weren't together he couldn't help but worry. His insecurities got to him when they were apart and bad thoughts clouded his mind. Did she feel the same way? They hadn't said 'I love you' yet. Was it too soon to say that? He certainly felt it. Why hadn't she said it? Was she with another man when they weren't together? Did she know she could do better? 

Max had come to realize even though he wanted her more than anything, that he didn't truly deserve her. She was far beyond his league. A girl like her deserved the best, deserved money and trips, and diamonds, and flowers and everything she could ever possibly want. Max knew he couldn't give her most of those things. He knew that his criminal record might possibly become a problem one day, but he tried not to think about that. He just hoped that if the day ever came, she would love him enough not to care about his past. 

Max had been working a lot to get enough money to get his own place, finally. It was a small studio apartment in the crummy part of town, but it was only 400 a month and included heat, so he couldn't complain. He didn't spend a lot of time there anyways. Most days he was at work, most nights, at Jenna's. It had been a long week, the weather was cold; it was mid January now. Max couldn't wait to get off work, take a long hot shower and see Jenna afterwards. 

Max had found Jenna a teacher pin and was excited to give it to her. He knew that was her quirky collection; strange and gaudy pins. She joked that every teacher needed pins. It made her feel like a real teacher in some silly way. He hoped she would like this one. It was a stick figure teacher; with an apple on her head with her hair a crazy mess and papers in one hand and a pen in the other. 

It wasn't expensive and he hoped that was alright. But as time went on throughout the day, he became more self conscious about it. What if she didn't like it? What if she saw the box and hoped it was something nicer? What if she's disappointed? His questions turned to doubt, and the doubt to fear. By the time he was on his way to her apartment, he was sure she was no longer interested in him. It was crazy how his mind spiraled into madness, but he couldn't help it. He contemplated giving her the pin over and over, but finally grabbed it when he got out of his truck. 

Max entered Jenna's apartment to find her on the couch, reading a book. As he shut the door behind him, Jenna got up off the couch and over to him for a hug. She snaked her arms under his and around his waist. She set her chin on his chest and looked up at him, smiling wide. 

"Hi," she sighed, looking up at him adoringly. All doubt went out the window when she looked at him like that. He placed both hands on the sides of her face and kissed her softly. 

"Hi," he whispered back. He ran his hand through her hair, feeling the cool softness of her. He leaned down and placed a kiss on the top of her head. She smelled amazing, as usual. He breathed her in deeply. 

"You OK?" she asked under his kiss, there was concern in her voice, and face as she pulled back and looked up at him, arms still wrapped around him. 

"Yeah," Max sighed, "Just a long week, glad it's over." They made their way into the kitchen and Max got himself a can of pop from the fridge. Jenna hopped up on the counter and told him about her day at work. Her eyes lit up when she spoke about work and the students. Max could tell she loved her job so much. He thought now was the perfect time to give her the pin. He pulled it out of his pocket; it was in a small purple box from the store. Max came closer to Jenna and stood between her legs. He held out the box for her and placed one hand on her knee. "This is for you," Max said, as she took it from him. She smiled, surprised at the gift. 

Nerves twisted his stomach in knots. It was so stupid to be so worked up over a fucking pin, he thought to himself. "I hope you like it." He said meekly. Jenna opened the box and Max stared at her face for a reaction. She looked down at it with a slight smile on her lips, and then she burst out laughing. She threw her head back and giggled, her laughter ringing through the apartment. She placed one hand on Max's shoulder and leaned in to kiss him. When she pulled back she had a huge smile. 

"I love it, how cute." She awed. She placed it up against her chest to see how it looked. Her smile widened and she kissed Max again. "Thank you, really, it's so cute! I'm going to wear it Monday!" She set the box aside and wrapped her arms around his neck. "That...was...so...thoughtful..." Jenna purred as she planted kisses on him between words. Her legs wrapped around him, pulling him in closer to her. 

"Really? You really like it?" Max stuttered, feeling insecure about the gift, still. 

"Yes!" she replied, "you know me and my pins! It's perfect, and personal, and thoughtful and very sweet." She answered, running her fingers through his hair, making Max's head tingle. He closed his eyes and moaned under her touch. Even though she was happy, and thankful, he still felt stupid about it. The act had instead of making him feel good, made him feel like a dope. He knew she wasn't a materialistic person, but still. 

"I dunno, you deserve better than a 6 dollar pin," Max sighed, looking down at the floor, pulling away from her, slightly. 

"What? Max..." Jenna started, she didn't care about the price, she loved the pin. It was so...her. She pulled on the front of his shirt, tugging him back towards her. "Stop it, I love it, I really do." Her hands roamed over his shirt, feeling his muscles tense under her touch. She rubbed over his shoulders and neck, feeling his thickness. "It was so sweet, you're so sweet." Her hands were now caressing his face, trailing through his stubble. 

"I'm not good enough for you," Max blurted out. He was even surprised he said it aloud. He looked up at her. Jenna's eyes were wide and her face turned into a hurt expression. 

"Why on earth would you say that?" she asked, her hands resting on the sides of his face. She frowned and furrowed her eyebrows at him, visibly upset at his comment. 

"You're so..."Max started, not sure where this was going. He hadn't meant to say that. Sure, he thought it, but now that she knew he felt that way, he was more worried now. "perfect. You're so beautiful and sexy and just...perfect. And I'm...nothing." Max finished, looking into her eyes. Max had never seen Jenna look so sad. He shouldn't have said that.

Jenna sighed heavily. "Please Max, don't ever think that. I am not perfect. And you, you are NOT nothing. This past month with you has been so amazing. You are so sweet and caring." Jenna pulled him closer to her to close the distance between them. She wanted him to understand how she felt. She planted a kiss on his cheek, keeping her face close to his, "You are so fun to be with," another kiss on the other cheek, "you're funny," A quick kiss on the lips, "you're unbelievably handsome," her tongue flicked out and grazed his lips, making him open his mouth to her. She licked his top lip and nibbled it before planting another soft kiss. "You make me so happy. I love the things you say, the things you do, the way you touch me," she mumbled against his lips. She grabbed a hold of his hand and placed it on her thigh. He ran it up her thigh and between her legs to rub her gently over her clothes. She moaned into him, giving him another, deeper kiss. She pulled her face away and looked up at him, "I love you." she said. 

Max thought his heart stopped for a moment, but realized it hadn't because he could hear it pounding in his ears like a drum. His stomach twisted and his chest felt tight. His head spun and he stared at her for a moment, struck. Jenna inhaled sharply, waiting. She began to grow nervous. She had really just said that, 'can't take it back now, even if he doesn't say it back' she thought. 

"You do?" Max finally choked out. Jenna bit down on her bottom lip and nodded. Max exhaled deeply and closed his eyes. He leaned his forehead against hers and smiled to himself. "I love you so much." He replied back. He kissed her neck and buried his face in her shoulder, letting the happiness and excitement of her words overtake him. He pulled back after a few moments and Jenna turned to kiss his lips, and her sweet, soft kisses turned into heat. Jenna opened her mouth for Max and he explored her with his tongue. His arms wrapped around her back and he held her close as they kissed and nibbled each other's mouths.

Max lifted Jenna and walked into her bedroom. He laid her down on the bed and pulled her bottoms off along with her panties. Jenna sat up and pulled off her top. Her breasts bounced out and jiggled without a bra on. Max's eyes greedily drank her in. He looked her body up and down, stopping at his favorite parts. Jenna stared in his eyes when he met her gaze. He smiled at her and kissed her again, leaning into her, forcing her to lie back down on the bed. 

Max's kisses moved from her mouth to her neck and down her collarbone. Max knew that was one of her favorite spots to be kissed. She gasped his name as his hand caressed her inner thigh. He purposefully rubbed and tickled her thighs, teasing her. He wanted the pleasure to build; he wanted her dripping wet for him. He wanted her to beg for him; to tell him she loved him over and over. He trailed down her body with his lips and tongue, stopping at her tits to suck and lick them. He took his time there. Max loved the taste of her skin, the feel of her nipple when he nuzzled it with his nose, the way her body arched up to meet him when he licked it. 

"Max, please." She moaned, her fingers frantically grasping at his hair. He could tell she was reaching her limit. She needed him. She wanted him. She loved him. Max smiled to himself, loving the effect he had on her. That never got old to him; the way she wanted him. It still surprised him, still made him hard, every single time. Max kissed at her tummy, rubbing his lips across her smooth skin. He kissed down to her pelvic bone and around to the inside of her legs. Jenna groaned, he could hear the raw desire in it. He loved teasing her like this. Hearing how much she wanted him, needed him. 

He positioned himself off the bed and got to his knees on the floor, leaning onto the bed with his elbows. His arms snaked under her thighs and he pulled her to him. He looked down at her pussy. Her lips glistened with wetness, her pink clit swollen with need and desire. He took one finger and ran it along her pussy, rubbing over her clit. Jenna gasped and squeezed Max's handful of hair she had. His finger slid down to her slit and his finger slipped in easily. She was wet and ready for him. He slid his finger inside and massaged her. He could feel her muscles tense and release around his finger. He loved that feeling. 

Max lowered his head and licked at her clit. He switched his gaze upward to look at Jenna as he licked her. She had her eyes closed and wriggled in pleasure at his touch. He licked over her clit and nibbled it with his lips. He set a steady pattern that he knew she liked. At the same time he kept his finger busy, caressing her, pulling it out and stroking her before thrusting it in again slowly. He switched to two fingers when he knew she was getting closer. 

He began to suck at her clit; one hand busy below, the other roaming over her tit, caressing and pinching her nipple. Jenna's breathing got heavier and he knew she was very close. Max pulled his finger out and spread her legs wider for him. His tongue dipped down and flicked over her hole, up to her pussy and finally her clit. Jenna gasped at the unexpected sensation of having her backside licked. They had never done anything anally, but that, just then felt amazing. It pushed her over the edge and she felt her orgasm shake through her. She arched against Max's face as he dove back down for more. He let go of her legs as she wrapped and squeezed them around his head. 

Max felt her orgasm rake through her, making her skin shiver and quake. He licked at her pussy, lapping up her sweet juices as she came. He loved the way she tasted. He couldn't get enough of it. He drank her as she came over and over, multiple orgasms shaking her. He felt her legs squeeze around his head, as they always did when she came from oral sex. Her hands pushed at his head, her clit over stimulated from the orgasm. She couldn't take him licking her any longer. He always liked to get one last nibble in just to make her crazy. His lips munched down on her tiny nub and she cried out his name, in pleasure and slight frustration. He smiled to himself. That's my girl, he thought. 

Jenna lay back on the bed, breathing heavy as Max crawled his way up to her. He straddled her and planted kisses on her face. She quickly began unbuckling his pants, wanting more of him already. Max's erection sprung from his pants as she struggled to get him out of his clothes. Max stood and undressed quickly. He crawled on top of her and she immediately wrapped her legs around him, pulling him into her. He slid into her so easily, she was still so wet. Max gasped at the feeling of her tightness surround him. She felt so good. He pumped into her slowly. His hand under her bottom, to pull her closer to him. Jenna moaned over and over as he plunged into her; one arm around Max's neck, the other caressing his face. 

Max looked into Jenna's eyes as he thrust into her. "I love you," he muttered, thrusting deeper into her, he wanted her to feel how much he loved her. "I love you," he said again. Jenna whimpered beneath him; gasping out, "I love you," back. One final thrust and Max felt his release come. He moaned deeply into her shoulder as he came. He pushed her down into the bed and she squeezed around him. They both lay breathing heavily; Jenna caressed Max's back as he lay on top of her, he didn't want to move. 

This had been the best day of this life. Everyday felt like the best day to him, but the next day always got better and proved him wrong. He wasn't sure how this day could be topped. All he knew was that she loved him. She really loved him, and nothing was going to take that from him. He would kill before he let that happen.