 The summer dragged on; humid muggy days, mosquito infested nights. Max spent weekdays at work and evenings outside Jenna's apartment until it was time to go home and meet up with his creation of Jenna. She didn't come over every night; he didn't have that much money, but most nights. Some nights were really good; Max really could feel Jenna there with him. Other nights weren't so good and would end in Max lashing out in anger and physically throwing the girl out of his place. But then school started back up and things began to change. 

Once September rolled around her routine got more orderly. Jenna would come home almost every day at 4:30. Max began sitting out on her patio furniture so she had to see him when she went to her door. At first it frightened her; she wasn't sure what exactly he was capable of. Did he want to hurt her? She really didn't think so, but she'd seen lots of crazy things on T.V. 

She had told him for the first week, every night, to go home and leave her alone; she threatened to call the police, but never did. She didn't want to get him into legal trouble, especially if he was on parole. She knew she was being too nice, too easy on him, but she couldn't help it, it was her nature. He had hurt her with his lies, but after a while of this she began to rethink his feelings for her. The idea of him using her and manipulating her was fading. She began to realize that his feelings for her were strong, whatever they were; love or obsession, she wasn't sure, but he wasn't bluffing when he had said he wouldn't let her go. 

He told her every time that he loved her, pleading with her to talk to him, to take him back. She began to ignore him, she wouldn't look at him, and she just unlocked the door and went inside. Max would always get up from her chair outside and stand by the door as she unlocked it. He would lean against the wall and watch her, even though it was only for 30 seconds. He always said hi and asked 'how are you?' She hoped maybe ignoring him would cause him to realize it was really over and he could move on. She didn't want this for him, not for either of them. She didn't want him to know but it was so hard for her to see him. 

A part of her was angry about the lies and scared that he was an ex-convict. But another part of her, a big part of her, still loved him. Still found him incredibly sexy and handsome. A part of her strangely was turned on by his past; the fact that he was such a hardened man, but had let her in. Had let his guard down and been sweet to her. Had treated her with kindness and sweetness that she had never had with any other man. 

And the sexual attraction they had was undeniably strong. She still thought about him at night, when she was alone, touching herself. She thought about his strong arms and his broad chest. How good he felt when he was on top of her. How protected she had felt with him. Knowing no one could hurt her with him by her side. But she had never considered he could be the one doing the hurting.

Jenna began to notice that Max wasn't just at her home after work, sometimes on the weekends he was at the store when she was; if she out to lunch, he would be sitting at a table nearby. He never said anything to her, just kept his distance and watched her. So she ignored him and went on with her business. After about a month of this, Jenna began to accept what was happening, it just became a part of her day and it didn't bother her anymore. She didn't get nervous walking up to her door; she didn't worry when he was watching her eat dinner with friends. She just accepted it as Max being Max. 

October came and autumn was Jenna's favorite season. She loved the beautiful colors of the trees, the smell of the wind on a cloudy, cool, evening, the sound of the dried leaves rustling across the parking lot at work as she walked to her car. This time of year put Jenna at a sense of ease. It made her relaxed and feel warm inside, even though the weather was cooling. She couldn't explain what it was about fall, but it just did something amazing to her. 

One evening she came home, a little later than usual, she had stopped at the store and bought decorations and Halloween treats for her students. She was feeling the spirit of the season and was very happy. She walked up to her door and of course, there was Max waiting on her patio. He stood slowly and took the few steps to her side and leaned his massive frame against her apartment wall. He stuffed his hands his pockets, it was obvious he was cold. The temperatures were in the 50's this time of month and got even colder as the sun went down. But yet, there he was still. 

"Hi," He said, smiling down at her. She looked up at him and could see the excitement in his eyes of finally getting to see her today. His dark orbs burned into her and she smiled back at him quickly. 

"Hi Max," she replied. Max's face changed, surprise filling his features. He couldn't believe she had spoken to him; she hadn't done that in over a month. Max straightened his body as she unlocked her door. Bewildered at this change of events Max's brain spun, trying to think of what to say next. "You need help?" he asked quickly, seeing an opportunity to take this further. Jenna frowned, a look of questioning herself on her face.

"Uhhhhh." she mumbled, thinking, she stepped through her apartment door and turned back towards him, "Sure, there's some bags in my trunk still." She walked inside and Max jumped to get the bags from her car. His hands were shaking as he grabbed them and closed her trunk, he couldn't believe this was happening. His heart beat so fast and hard he grew dizzy with excitement. He remembered the last time he had been inside her apartment, how he had helped her with her bags and it had turned into a very bad experience for both of them. He pushed that from his thoughts and tried to focus on the now. He was in her place now and he needed to make the right choices this time. 

He set the bags on her table and stood in the kitchen, wringing his hands together, trying to think of the safest approach. He watched her as she pulled the things out of the bags, her back to him. His eyes scanned over her body. Her dark hair fell almost to her backside; it had grown longer over the summer. His eyes scanned lower and stopped at her ass. He watched it for a while as she moved around, setting things down, pulling things out of the bag. He loved her ass. The roundness of it, the strong muscle that made it high and tight. He remembered running his hands over it while she would sit on top of him. 

Max began to feel his cock harden and decided he needed to take it easy. All his mind and body was telling him to do was to take her, right there. She'll love it; he told himself. But he pushed those thoughts away, he had been wrong before and he'd be wrong again. He couldn't handle her rejecting him again. 

"So," Jenna turned towards him and leaned against the counter, forcing a smile, it was still beautiful but not as beautiful as her real one. Max could tell she was tense, uncomfortable. It broke his heart that this was where they were at.

"How did we get here, Jenna?" Max blurted out, the thought in his head escaping his lips before he had thought it through. He expected Jenna to yell, tell him it was all his fault, because he was a liar and a manipulator. But she didn't. She frowned and curved her eyebrows, making a sad face. She opened her mouth to speak, but then stopped and sighed. She looked up at him, her eyes burning with sadness. 

"I don't know," She mumbled, shaking her head at him. She shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know," she said again, her voice more strong that time; she pushed off the counter and stood up straight. "But...Max, what you've been doing, it has to stop." She looked at him, pain in her eyes. Max looked down at the floor, feeling the rejection once again wash over him like a wave of nausea. He nodded slowly in response to her. "I know you love me, I do. But, you have to stop doing this to yourself. OK? It's not healthy. And it's not...fair, to either of us." 

Jenna stepped closer to Max, even with the words she was saying to him, she felt the heat rising for him. He looked so lost, so beaten down by her words. "Max, I don't want to hurt you; I just want you to move on." She stood in front of him now, looking up at his hung head. He made eye contact with her and she felt the desire building in her chest and in between her legs. God, he was so ridiculously good looking. Why did he have to be so damn good looking? 

"That's not going to happen," he responded quietly. His arms hung at his sides, his shoulders slumped. It wasn't a threat, it didn't sound like he meant for it to frighten her. It was just a fact. Jenna's face pained at his response. She knew this was going to be difficult for both of them, but Max looked like he was on the verge of tears. Jenna opened her mouth to say something, but she didn't know what to say and just shook her head. She closed her eyes and sighed deeply. 

She felt his hand graze her cheek gently and opened her eyes. She should have pulled away, she knew that. She couldn't say one thing to him and then act another way. She didn't want to confuse him, confuse herself. But she couldn't move. The touch of his hand felt so damn good. His fingertips caressed her cheek down to her lips. They parted involuntarily and she took in a sharp breath. He looked down at her lips and licked his own. He stepped closer to her body and traced her bottom lip, then her chin with his thumb. He leaned down to her and Jenna muttered his name to stop.

Max ignored her plea and slowly placed his lips on hers. The kiss was so gentle, his lips barely touched hers, but it shot electricity through Jenna. He kissed her again, a little harder this time; he opened his mouth to close his lips around her bottom lip and sucked at it gently. Jenna felt her insides turn and flip and her pussy felt like it was on fire. He groaned into her mouth as his hands cradled her face. He kissed her again, slipping his wet tongue in between her lips and massaging her with it. Jenna's hands rested on his chest and she felt his chest muscles flexing as he ran his hands through her hair and down her back, pulling her closer to him. She kissed him back, feeling her head spin. She wanted his clothes off, on top of her, right here on the kitchen table. 

But before she could even pull at his shirt, he let go of her and stepped back. He breathed deeply and smiled at her, shyly, his dimples deepening on his stubbled cheeks. His face was flushed and his eyes twinkled. Jenna looked at him, surprised and confused. "Thank you," Max said to her. 

"What?" Jenna asked, she didn't understand why he was thanking her. 

"Thank you," he said again, his smile got bigger. He stepped back towards her and put his hands on her shoulders; he took a strand of her hair in-between his fingers and played with it. "That was just what I needed." Jenna sighed and her shoulders slumped, she had done it. Said one thing and done another. Put thoughts in Max's head she didn't want there. Shit. Max tilted his head and frowned down at her, "What?" 

"Max, that shouldn't have happened," she grumbled, stepping away and putting her palms to her forehead, whacking herself for her own stupidity. She raked her hair with her fingers and groaned to herself. She walked out to the living room, needing to put space between them, but Max followed her. 

"No, I understand. You need time. I can give you that. I will, I'll give you that." Max said, nodding his head at her. A smile broke out on his face again and he laughed to himself. "You still love me, I can see it. But you're not ready, and that's OK. I can...I can wait." Max leaned in and pecked Jenna on the cheek. "I love you." He whispered in her ear, and then walked out of her apartment. Jenna stood there in silence, not sure of what she had just started. 

Max felt elated. The night had turned out so perfect. Being able to touch Jenna again, kiss her, feel her skin, it was so euphoric. She still loved him, he knew it, and she hadn't denied it. He just had to be patient, give her the space and time she needed. She would be his again. 

Later that night when his Jenna imposter came by, he told her to give him the things back and that he never wanted to see her again. When she got upset about not getting his money any longer he turned violent. Max grabbed her by the throat and slammed her against the wall. 

"You're going to get the fuck out and don't ever come back." Max growled through clenched teeth.

"How about I tell your little girlfriend about us, hmmmm." She threatened, thinking that would get her somewhere. It didn't. He tightened the hold on her neck and she couldn't breathe. 

"You go anywhere near her I will kill you. Do you understand?" She struggled to grab at his hands. "Do you?!" he screamed in her face. His dark eyes burning with hatred, he was frightening when he was angry. She shook her head yes as hard as she could. He let her go and she dropped to the ground, coughing and catching her breath. 

"Now get the fuck out," he opened the door and waited while she grabbed her things and ran out. He slammed it behind her and went to sit on his bed. He didn't feel sorry; he didn't feel ashamed at how he had just treated her. All he felt was happy and excited and couldn't wait to talk to Jenna again tomorrow. He looked up at his wall and smiled to himself, smiled at her. Jenna was plastered all over his wall. Pictures he had taken of her when they were together. Pictures of just her, of them together, pictures she didn't know he had taken, after they had broken up. They filled his room. He lay back and unzipped his pants. He needed release after the night he had, had with her. 

He grabbed Jenna's sweater that was sprayed with her perfume. He shoved his nose in it and inhaled her sweet scent, slowly stroking his member. The smell was intoxicating to him, his drug. He exhaled deeply and inhaled again, thinking of Jenna, what she had looked like tonight, what her lips had tasted like. It took only a few minutes for him to feel the tension building in his cock. The tingling started in his balls and spread down his legs and up his chest as he came. He breathed her in one more time as he shot the last of his load. 

****

Weeks went by as the weather got cooler, Halloween passed and the nights got chilly. It became almost unbearable for Max to sit out in the cold, but he still did it. They spoke to each other briefly every time. Small talk, ending with Jenna telling him to go home, to stop acting crazy, that it was too cold for him to be out there. His rebuttal was always to let him come inside, but she hadn't since their kiss. She knew it was a bad idea and told herself every time she got out of her car and walked up to her doorstep, 'do not let him in.'

Max knew Jenna needed time, but he was beginning to grow impatient. He needed her. He started to grow frustrated, not at her, but just at the situation. One night she came home and Max was in a particularly agitated mood.

"How come you're home so late?" He asked, trying to keep his voice calm, he didn't want to nag, or sound possessive, but it was almost 8 at night and it had been freezing out there. He had gone back into his truck and sat until she finally came home, it was so cold. He got out of his truck and was now following her up her walkway. He placed a quick kiss on her cheek when she got to the door, sneaking it in without her approval. 

"Max," she sighed, looking down at her keys in her hand. "Go home." He frowned down at her, she looked different. Nervous? Upset? Sad? Something was going on she wasn't telling him about. 

"What's the matter?" He asked, concerned. He placed his hand on her shoulder and crouched his body down slightly to try to meet her fallen gaze. "Jenna?"

"Not tonight Max please, it's been a really...long day. OK?" She looked up at him, before turning to open her door up. He could see now that she had been crying. 

"Hey, no, tell me, what's wrong?" He tried to follow her into her apartment but she turned at the doorway to stop him. 

"Go home, please. I can't, I just can't do this tonight." Jenna begged. But Max wasn't leaving; he needed to know what was wrong. It was his job to make her feel better. To do whatever he could to help. He wasn't going to just leave her like this. She needed him, whether she knew it or not. 

"Jenna, let me in." He placed his hand on the doorframe and waited. She looked into his eyes; he could see the hurt there. He just didn't know what the cause was. She shook her head no and tried to close the door. He lifted his hand off the frame and grabbed the side of the door before it could close. "Jenna, just let me in. We both know I can get in one way or another. I don't want it to be like that...let me in, OK?" Max said, the words threatening, but his voice calm and concerned. Jenna sighed, stepped back and walked over to her sofa. She sat down and hung her head. 

Max let himself in and shut the door behind him. He walked over and sat down next to her. He would wait, he decided, until she was ready to talk. He placed his hand on her back and rubbed slow circles on it, trying to help. He was lost; he had no clue what was bothering her. 

"Nonnie died." She finally mumbled out after a few minutes of sitting in silence. Jenna wasn't close to her family, she had a distant relationship with most of them, no relationship with some; but she had always been very close to her mother's mom, her Italian grandmother that she called, Nonnie. The rest of the family wrote her off as an old nuisance, but not to Jenna. 

Max knew how much she had meant to her and now understood the pain she must be feeling. His heart broke for her; he too, cared a lot for Jenna's Nonnie. She had been very kind to him when they had gone to visit her. She had been kooky and funny and told stories that made him laugh and felt like he was at home with her. He had never had a real family, but when he had been with Jenna and her Nonnie, he felt like he belonged to one. 

Max's chest burned in pain for Jenna and for her grandmother. He hugged her tightly and she squeezed him back. She needed this right now; he knew she needed him to be there for her. He held her as she cried into his shirt, staining it repeatedly with tears and mascara. She would stop for a while and lean on him, and then would start up again. He leaned back on the couch, pulling her with him; she now lay on top of him. He pet her head and whispered into her ear that everything was going to be ok, that she was at peace, that Jenna would be fine, little things that he hoped would help, but was sure didn't. 

Jenna told Max about the phone call from her mother, she was angry and hurt and began to cry as she explained the story. Then she began talking about her favorite things about her Nonnie, what she'd miss the most, what her favorite things about her were. Finally late into the night, Jenna dozed off in his arms. Max carried her to bed and laid her down. He looked over her face, eyes puffy and reddened from crying. Her mouth was open to breathe since her nose was stuffed up. Max traced her face down to her chest and further to her hips. His hand lingered and he wanted so bad to touch her between her legs. But he knew now wasn't the time for that, as much as he wanted it to be. Max tucked her in and left her to sleep, leaving a note on her table to let him know if she needed anything. 

****

Jenna woke late the next morning; luckily it was Saturday, so no work today for Jenna. It took her a moment to realize it was morning and tried remembering what had happened the night before. Max had been there, she had told him about her Nonnie. Tears filled her eyes and her stomach hurt from the pain. Her Nonnie had passed on Monday, her mother finally had told her yesterday, AFTER the funeral had taken place. Jenna had been livid that no one had told her. She had been so close with her Nonnie and to not be told, to not be there at the funeral- it was a slap in the face. But that was her family. 
