 Jenna woke in the middle of the night, her head spinning from the hang over already kicking in. She looked around and saw she was at Max's. She groaned to herself and let her head fall back onto the pillow. She knew this had been a bad idea from the second she saw all the pictures of her on his wall, but she had felt she owed him her gratitude, her thank you. But that turned into way more than she had expected. She had gotten drunk and then her inhibitions had taken off and she let passion and desire and her loneliness consume her. 

She looked next to her and Max was asleep, his arm was resting on her waist. She turned her body slightly and grabbed his hand. She moved his arm back and he grumbled in his sleep. He pulled his arm into himself and readjusted. Jenna watched him, a dim light coming from the kitchen. She looked at his face, that face she knew so well, but really didn't. 

She physically knew him, knew every detail of his body, and knew what he liked, what made him laugh, but she didn't know the truth about his past, or his family, or his life. She had no idea what he really had been in prison for, what it had been like for him or how it had affected him. It was so strange, looking at him, knowing where they were now. How had things gotten to such a weird place? Jenna knew what Max had been doing these past months was wrong. She knew she should have put a stop to it a long time ago, but she had gone along with it. Why? 

Maybe because she had never felt this kind of love before from a man. But was it really even love? She knew he was capable of it, he had been good to her when they were together, and he had been sweet and loving and good. And when the truth came out he wasn't angry, he never yelled or hurt her, but he just wouldn't stop. That persistence should have scared her; should have made her concerned, but it really didn't. She felt no fear, no alarm for her well being. Maybe she was naïve or just ridiculously stupid, but she just couldn't bring herself to stop. She couldn't bring herself to put a real stop to all of this. Because deep down, she didn't want it to stop. 

She watched Max's face in the light, his rough exterior softened while he slept. The lines in his face weren't stressed, but you couldn't see his dimples either. She loved those dimples. It made him look like the kindest teddy bear, especially when he was really happy. Jenna lightly traced his face with her forefinger, trailing down his cheek. She ran it through his beard and down to his chest, he was shirtless now and she admired his muscles. She traced over his shoulders, his frame thick and hard under her touch. His chest was thick with hair and she loved to run her fingers through it when they used to lie in bed, entangled in each other. 

"Hi," Max mumbled at her, his voice thick and deep with sleep. She shifted her gaze back to his face and he was looking at her with a half smile. He placed his hand on her arm and ran it along her length. "How you feeling?" he asked, lifting up onto his elbow and placing his head into his palm. His other hand trailed down past her arm to her leg and stopped to trace circles on her knee. Jenna quickly got out of bed, regretting it right away as the dizziness and head rush hit her hard. She stumbled and closed her eyes, bringing her hands to her forehead and groaned. "You OK?" Max asked, sitting up in bed. 

"Yeah, just a headache, I should leave," Jenna bent down to pick up her pants on the floor, as she stood back up Max got off the bed and stood in front of her. 

"What, why?" Max asked, placing both hands on her shoulders. "You're drunk, you can't drive home." 

"No, I'm fine now, really. I shouldn't still be here." Jenna tried to pull her pants on but stumbled and sat down on the bed for assistance. Max hovered over her, looking down. He couldn't understand what was happening. He thought things were good now; she had come to him, for once. She had come on her own to thank him, she had drank with him, she had let him touch her, pleasure her. 

"I don't understand," Max admitted. He rubbed at his eyes that were still a little fuzzy from sleep. "Jenna stop!" Max growled loudly, reaching down and yanking her pants out of her hands and throwing them across the room. She wasn't leaving, not if he could help it. "You don't need these, let's just go back to sleep, we'll talk about it in the morning, OK?" Max said, trying to push Jenna down onto the bed and lay beside her. She pulled away from him and crawled off the bed.

"No Max, I need to leave." She started to walk across the room but suddenly felt Max's arms around her waist, pulling her back into him tight. He pushed his head down into her shoulder. 

"Jenna, don't do this to me." Max begged, holding her tightly so she couldn't escape. He tried to calm his voice but felt the anxiety rising in his chest and through his words. He thought maybe if he held her close enough she'd stop and come back to bed. "Please?" he whispered, his hold on her tightened.

"Max, let go, you're hurting me," Jenna objected, wiggling, trying to loosen his grip on her waist, she pushed down at his hands, but no luck. 

"I don't want to," he muttered to her, letting go and grabbing her by the shoulders to turn her towards him. She tried to step back but she wasn't quick enough. His hands gripped onto her tiny shoulders and his fingers dug in deep. "But you're not leaving me, Jenna. Not again." 

"Max, stop!" she raised her voice, cowering at the pain in her shoulders. Her face pained as she looked up at him. She pushed at his chest hard and pulled away. He let her go and stood glaring down at her. His hands curled into fists. Jenna could see Max's jaw clenching and unclenching repeatedly. And for the first time Jenna was afraid. Jenna looked back and forth between his fists and his face, her nerves shaking her. "Max..." Jenna said, cautiously. She stepped back and held up her hands in defense. 

"Do you have any idea how much I love you?" he asked, stepping closer to her, his glare turned to pain and his eyebrows furrowed. "Do you know how happy I was that you came here tonight?" Max's voice cracked and he unclenched his fists. Jenna had backed up as far as she could go and was now trapped against the wall and Max's enormous frame. "You came here, remember? I didn't make you." Max stood in front of Jenna, she couldn't see his face in the darkness of the apartment now, the only light, a dim bulb above the sink, cast shadows and all Jenna could see was Max's outline. His dark figure a giant mass, looming over her. 

She saw one arm come up and it rested next to her head against the wall. "You came here on your own, and I just wanted to help, wanted to make you feel better." Max's other arm moved and his hand came up to her face. His fingers stroked her cheek and trailed down to her neck. His fingers circled around the back of her neck as his thumb rubbed on her jaw line, gently. "And I did, I know I did baby, I made you feel real good." Max whispered, stepping closer, and leaning his head down to place his forehead against hers. "That's all I want to do, I just want to make you happy. Why won't you let me do that? Hmmm?"

Jenna felt confliction tearing through her. She wasn't sure if she should be afraid for her safety, or worried about Max. He was visibly upset and was having trouble getting a handle on it. She calmly placed her hand on his cheek and the other on his waist. 

"I'm sorry, I know you do. I'm just...I'm tired and I have this headache and I'm confused about everything right now. Please don't be angry. I didn't mean to make you angry." She caressed his face and he leaned into her touch, moaning under his breath. 

"I could never be angry with you," Max whispered to her, his lips grazing the skin of her jaw. "Just don't leave me." He kissed her cheek. 

"OK, let's go back to bed," Jenna whispered back to him, pushing his body towards the bed. She felt so confused. The fear had passed and now she wondered if she had been unreasonable. She had never seen him angry like that before and it had thrown her off, frightened her. But he had no intention of hurting her. He just wanted her to stay. So she would stay; at least tonight. 

Max slumped at the edge of the bed and wrapped both hands around the back of Jenna's thighs. He put his head down and rested it against her waist. Max could feel Jenna's pulse with his head against her stomach. It was beating fast. He had frightened her, he knew that. He didn't mean to, he had lost control and was sorry, but on the bright side, it had gotten her to stay. 

Jenna's hands rested on Max's shoulders and he relaxed. Her touch worked wonders on him. He wanted more; he wanted her to touch him in other places. Max's hands released her legs and grabbed hold of her panties, he slid them down her legs slowly, waiting for an objection, but it didn't come. He grabbed the bottom of her sweater and pulled it up over her head. Jenna stood still as he stepped around her and unhooked her bra. He ran his hands over her back, feeling the softness of her skin. He kissed her shoulder and trailed his hands down her hips. He let go of her and yanked his sweatpants and boxers off. He kicked them off to the side as Jenna turned to face him. 

He waited for her touch, he wanted it so badly. He needed it more than anything right now. Max finally felt her hands on his body. They started at his chest and slowly trailed down to his cock. She grabbed it firmly and Max moaned loudly, closing his eyes. The feeling of her hand wrapped around him was incredible. It had been so long. She stroked him slowly, his member stiff and erect. He heard creaking and realized Jenna had sat down on the bed. She pulled at his dick gently and he stepped forward towards her. 

He felt wet warmth surround his tip and knew she had taken him in her mouth. Max's head hung back and he groaned with pleasure. His hands roamed in her hair as she pumped away on his cock. Her hand grasped the base of his penis and squeezed gently. She licked the underside of his shaft all the way back up to the tip; her tongue warm on his member. "Oh baby," Max muttered under his breath. This feeling was indescribable. He didn't want it to end, but he felt his release coming already. He wasn't ready for this to be over. He needed more of her. He pulled his cock out of her mouth and gently pushed her back onto the bed.

"What's wrong?" Jenna asked, surprised he had stopped her from finishing him off. 

"Nothing," Max answered, climbing between her legs. He noticed she didn't open them as wide as she usually would for him. Her presence felt reluctant underneath him. "I'm not going to hurt you," Max said, worried she was afraid of him after his outburst. "I would never hurt you," he felt her legs open more for him and he positioned himself above her. His arm wrapped underneath behind Jenna's head and the other grabbed onto her thigh. He slid into Jenna slowly and all worry left his body. He felt her wetness and knew everything was OK. She was not afraid, she was wet for him; she wanted him as much as he wanted her. 

Jenna felt his weight push her down into the bed as he slowly plunged into her. His hand pressed into her leg, pulling her body even closer to his. His arm beneath her head curled around and his hand grabbed a hold of her hair. She felt him fill her and she couldn't help but squeeze around his member deep inside her. The undeniable truth was how good he felt. Even after everything that has happened, the things months ago, the things tonight; Jenna couldn't deny how good Max felt on top of her, inside of her. 

He pumped into her slowly, repeating 'I love you' with every thrust. He whispered to her how good she felt and how much he had missed her. "Tell me you love me," he whispered to her. It caught her by surprise and she didn't respond. "Tell me," he demanded again. He thrust into her harder and repeated it. "Tell me baby, tell me you love me." 

Jenna knew she shouldn't, this was going to add fire to the flame that was already burning too bright. Saying I love you to him was going to push him over the edge and he would never let her go after that. It would be impossible. Max's hand moved up her leg and to her own hand. He intertwined his fingers in hers and pushed her hand down into the bed above her head. She breathed his name in passion, hoping that would be enough to subdue him for now. 

But it wasn't. He plunged into her deeper and harder. "Tell me," he muttered to her, pumping away. He hoped the pleasure would get it out of her. If he fucked her good enough, she would say it to him. He breathed heavily, his climax getting closer but his heart sinking with every second that went by that she didn't tell him. He felt the tears swelling up in his eyes, without his consent and he shut his eyes tightly. "Tell me," he mumbled one last time.

Jenna felt her own climax approaching and tried her best to concentrate on that, rather than what Max was asking of her. But then she felt the wetness on her shoulder and realized he was crying. It tore at her heart and made her feel horrible. Max had made mistakes, he had made bad choices, he had lied, but he never faltered. He never gave up on them and what they had together. Months later his persistence had paid off for him and he was now plunging into the only thing he ever wanted. 

And here she was, stringing him along all this time, letting him stay in her life at a distance. And for what? So she wasn't alone? So she felt wanted? But did she make Max feel the same? He surely deserved that same appreciation, that same attention and affection. She couldn't keep it at bay anymore. 

"I love you," She gasped at him, wrapping her free hand around his neck and pulling him even closer to her. "I love you," She repeated, "I love you." Max's body froze and he looked at her face, though hard to see, their eyes had adjusted to the darkness and they stared at each other. Max looked dumbfounded. He blinked at her and stared for a moment. "I love you," she repeated one more time before kissing him. She shoved her hips up into him and he began thrusting back into her again. 

Jenna whimpered beneath him, her climax building and building until she went over the edge and cried out. She gripped him with her legs and squeezed as the pleasure raced through her body, sizzling her skin. 

Max kissed her hard, groaning into her mouth as he felt himself come. He slammed into her hard, feeling her tiny frame slide upward in the bed. He plunged into her again, softer this time as his climax shook through him. He dove as deep into her as he could, feeling the orgasm subside. 

And that was it, all this time, all the waiting and patience had gotten him to this point where he knew they would always be once again. She had told him she loved him, she had admitted it. Not only to him but now to herself. Max could feel all the tension and all the pain he felt over the months fade away like it never even happened. All that mattered was that she was now here, in his arms, and she wasn't going anywhere. Not because he wouldn't let her, but because she didn't want to be anywhere else. 




Note to the reader:

Thank you to everyone that read my story. I hope you guys enjoyed it. This is my first story I've ever written but I've always had a passion for writing. I also have a fascination with stalkers and love to read novels with stalkers in them. I had been thinking about how neat it would be to write a novel about the ideas I think up in my head, but then thought, why not on literotica? Jenna and Max's relationship and story is primarily based off of a sexual attraction and need for one another. So I thought this would be a good site for it. 

I really struggled with how to end it. I wasn't going to end it like this, I had another idea in my head, but it was more violent and didn't have a happy ending for Max, like most horror movies, and I just couldn't bring myself to do that to him. 

Realistically this is not a love story that I would consider normal in any way and don't think it would be the smartest choice in boyfriend selecting, but Max was not meant to be portrayed as a bad man. I had some comments throughout my story about how he is a creep and a true stalker, but honestly he's not meant to be. 

A true stalker instills fear into the victim and that victim worries for their safety, Jenna knew she didn't need to to do that with Max, because he wasn't a danger to her. And he was never meant to be. 

I hadn't originally wanted them to end up together because realistically that wouldn't happen, but its fiction so why not be outrageous!? 