 He was never mine, to attempt to lay claim to him, would have been like trying to hold water in your hands. He was a unique individual and since him I haven't met his like. For him life was to not only create your own music but to dance to the sound of it as well. His views on what he called this adventure were difficult at most times to deal with. If you had the chance to know him however, he had the ability to forever change your life. 

I met him at college and it turned out to be a breakfast I would never forget. I had joined the line in the cafeteria to get food when a tap on my shoulder brought me out of whatever thoughts I had been absorbed in.

"You try the waffles yet?"

"I had no idea that they even served waffles."

"They don't serve them; you have to make them yourself. Come on I'll show you."

This young man I had never seen before in my life led me over to a counter in the corner of the room where a few waffle irons and small cups of batter were sitting. He grabbed the can of spray oil, coated the machine, and pointing to the sign "only one cup of batter," poured two cups onto his iron. Then out of his pocket he produced a baggie of chocolate chips, and sprinkled them onto the next waffle he made. When they were done he plopped them onto my plate and made himself some while I put butter and syrup on mine. The conversation that followed was as simple as it could have been. He asked the expected questions of where you from, what's your major, etc. I found myself a little curious when we finished that he didn't ask for a phone number or try to find out where I lived. We parted when we got outside; I thought at the time maybe I wasn't what he had been looking for.

A few weeks later I found myself restless and decided to wander out to the grassy area out in front of my dorm building. I had been enjoying the sun and some music for most of the afternoon when I felt someone standing next to me. Looking up I saw that it was the guy from breakfast that morning. Without saying a word he stretched out next to me, put my head on his shoulder while wrapping an arm around me, put his other arm behind his head, and closed his eyes. I had no idea how to respond so I choose to go with it. For the first time since I had come to school I took a nap and ended up sleeping better than I had in months. I woke to a very sweet kiss on the forehead. Again he left me, this time I had a feeling he had a bigger plan in mind.

I got a phone call from a friend that weekend....

"You should come over Friday, having a group of people over, and you really need to get out of your room before you go crazy."

"I don't know, I've got a lot due right now."

"Come."

"I suppose I could make if for a drink or two. Who's coming?"

"People from class, ones you don't know. I do feel I need to warn you about this one guy though. He's got a talent for getting girls, I don't know if I want to see him seduce another friend."

"I can handle him; boys are just a distraction right now anyway."

The week crept by. I kept to my normal routine, got my shit done, and when Friday rolled around I found myself more excited than I had expected. I hadn't been doing much lately and since I would be meeting new people that night I decided to go shopping. I found a perfect pleated skirt I paired with a tank top that showed off what cleavage I had. I displayed that cleavage in a brand new lacy red and black bra that had come with matching panties. I topped it off with what I called my hooker heels, black open toed, leather, seven inches of heel. They put me on my toes and were a bitch to walk in but I'd be sitting at my friend's house so it was worth the risk. 

I walked into my friend's apartment without knocking, and enjoyed the moment of having everyone's eyes on me. Strutting further into the room, I moved to the kitchen where I knew my friend would be. I was handed a fruity concoction of unknown substance by no other than my mystery man. He happened to be standing next to my friend, both of whom were now simply staring at me. This was the last place I had been expecting to meet him. My friend broke the silence.

"This is the girl I invited you here to meet. I see you may have already met. He's also the one I warned you about."

"Well this is the one I was telling you about."

No further explanation was given. My friend only smiled at me, I should have known at that point I was in trouble! We moved to the table where I was to be introduced to the group of people who would become some of my best life long friends. Striking up a game of cards we proceeded to get very drunk. I would like to tell you at this point that I handled myself with poise and grace, I didn't. I suck at card games and the drunker we got the fewer clothes I found myself wearing; I was comforted in the fact that I wasn't the only one at the table sitting my skivvies. Eventually people started wandering home, or falling asleep around my friend's apartment, the evening was over but I wasn't finished yet. With a smile meant only for me, the guy took my hand and led me out the door. I had found out earlier that his room was closer to where we were than mine, so that was where we went.

The hints and innuendos, small touches and teases had been happening all night, by the time we made it through his door we were both crazy with lust. The clothes I had just put back on started to come off again. He peeled my shirt off, wrapped his arms around me and my bra went flying across his room. Our lips met for the first time, the kiss started out as something frantic but as he backed me towards his bed it changed. We started to play with each other, the kiss becoming deeper, our tongues gliding and twisting together. He pulled my bottom lip into his mouth, biting it, eliciting a moan from deep in my throat. My hips touched his bed and my skirt hit the floor. I was pushed back onto the bed; the fluidity of the motion that he used to take my panties off showed me how experienced he was at this game. He buried his face in my pussy. 

His tongue slid inside me and what he was doing felt amazing. He moved to my clit, at first pulling it into his mouth and sucking on it. Then he started to lick me. With just his tongue and lips he would push me so close to cumming then slow down, and then he would do it again. I didn't think there was anything more he could do to increase the pleasure I was feeling, but then he sucked my clit into his mouth again and he slid a finger deep inside me. It was more than I could handle, I shattered. I had thought he would stop at this point, but instead he continued. This time he went slower, seeming almost to worship my pussy with his mouth. He brought me to climax again. As I was recovering from this second orgasm he started to kiss and lick his way up my body. 

He licked my thighs, nibbled at my hips, kissed each rib; his hands smoothing over every inch of my skin. His lips closed around a nipple, pulling it into his mouth in one hard long suck. I arched my back bringing my tits closer to his mouth and one on his arms snaked beneath me, locking me tight against his lips, giving me no chance to get away from him. He continued to ravage my nipples, teasing and tasting first one then the other, unrelenting until he finally had me begging him to stop. Slowly he kissed his way up to my neck. As he sunk his teeth into my neck he slid his finger deep inside me once more. All I could do was scream and hold onto him as he drove me again towards cumming. 

It had been hours since we had started and I felt as if I had gave him no pleasure at all, as if I had done nothing as yet to repay him for everything he had done to me. I grabbed his hair and pulled his lips to mine. This time when our lips met it was pure energy; with his fingers still inside me it was all I could do to not loose my mind. I used my hips and shoulders to push him onto his back, so that I was able to marvel at his body beneath me. I finally had control, or at least what little control he let me have. I began an incremental torture of his body. He had taken his time to enjoying every inch of my skin, I was only to happy to do the same to him. 

Leaving his lips, I kissed across his cheek, and nibbled at his ear. It was an action that elicited a small sound from him, something I had yet to hear. Encouraged I continued my exploration. Next I laved at his neck and shoulders, biting him just above the collar bone, enjoying myself as I was rewarded with another small moan. I kissed my way down his body, stopping like he had done to tease and torture his nipples, making sure to touch each rib as I made my way further down his body. I sunk my teeth close to his hip bone, the action causing him to arch his hips and drive his hands into my hair. I moved down to his inner thigh, my cheek brushing his cock, making sure that the contact I did make was light and quick. 

I could finally see how hard he was, and how large! Up to this point in my sexual experiences I had thought that I had mastered many things, being able to swallow a cock was one of them. As I sized up his rather large member I realized that my skills would be put to the test on him. When he pulled my hair, trying to guide my mouth onto his cock, I bit him again. In my own sweet time, making sure to tease him as he had teased me, I worked my way towards the moment when I would put his cock into my mouth. I was now kneeling between his legs, he had reached down and all fingers of both hands were now threaded through my hair, my pussy was dripping wet. Opening my mouth wide I moved my lips over the top of his cock, never actually touching him. I simply breathed on him for a few strokes, my presence that close only making him want the contact of my lips even more. 

When he tried to force the movement again, I relented, covering him with my mouth, the tip of his cock touching the back of my throat. It was only for mere moments that I was able to feel his whole length; he was too large for me to keep down my throat for too long. My gag reflex kicked in and I had to move back up his length to take a breath. Once I reached the tip of his cock I made sure to swirl my tongue around it before I began to slide my way back down. Inch by slow, slow inch I swallowed him again. Taking my time, I made sure that when I felt him hit the back of my throat I was relaxed enough, and ready to take him further than I had the first time. He was harder than any man I had been with; it was difficult for me to keep my mind on sucking his cock instead of riding it. I had always loved the taste of cum and I really wanted to taste him as he filled my mouth. I was to be disappointed however. I knew he was close; I could feel his orgasm on the brink of happening, when the hands that were still fisted in my hair pulled me off his cock and dragged me up his body. 

I learned in that next moment how large my illusion of control had been. He grabbed my hips and put me under him in such a quick fluid motion I barely had time to register it had happened. We were kissing again, his tongue diving into my mouth and sliding over my lips; his teeth grabbing my bottom lip and nibbling on it. I could feel my juices dripping down onto to the bed. I had been teased enough all I wanted, all I needed at this point, was to be fucked.

His cock slid into me. He went hard and deep. In one thrust he was buried as far as he could be inside me. I arched my hips, my back coming off the bed, my head falling backwards onto the pillow. When my eyes reached the window I could see the sun just beginning to rise. We had already been together all night and I somehow knew we had just begun. His next few strokes we the same. Long, hard, and deep. Then our pace changed again, it was slower, more sensual. It seemed that he was taking the time to enjoy every inch of sensation as he moved in and out of me. He wrapped one arm around my shoulders, placing the other around my hips, placing me in just the right angle to get slightly deeper. It didn't take long for me to cum again. 

He placed me on top afterwards. Grabbing my hips and showing me how he wanted me to fuck him. In a position that I should have had all control I found I had none. I was still at his command. When he moved me so that I was sitting, straddling him, he kept hold of one hip but began to fondle a breast as well. I thought I would lose it again! It didn't take long with me riding him to make him cum as well. Exhausted I collapsed next to him. He reached down to grab the blankets then wrapped me in his arms and we feel asleep. 

It was mid afternoon when we woke up again. Not having anywhere else to go we took advantage of each others bodies again....twice! When I left we knew we would see each other again, on a campus as small as ours there was no way we wouldn't, but I thought it was strange that we didn't exchange phone numbers. After a few days when I hadn't seen or heard from him again, I figured I was just a fling. It was a month later that he showed up on my doorstep a Carnation in his hand, it was like he had never been gone, like we had experienced more than just that one night together. It happened that way with him for the rest of the time I was at school, no matter our life situations. Whenever he would show up at my door it was like the time in-between hadn't happened, we would fall into each others arms and disappear for a few days. It took me a while to figure it out, but, in all that time, he was never mine.