 You open the door, and before I can even see you, you've enveloped me in your arms. I can't catch my breath. I know you can feel my breasts pressed against you – heaving is so trashy-romance-novel, but God, it's true. 

We cling together. 

I notice you are breathing hard, too, as you step back from me. 

You tilt my face up and kiss me, ever so gently. 

At first. 

Then your grip tightens, your fingers tangle in my hair. 

The kiss becomes more urgent. 

I go weak at the knees. You steady me. I lean into you. 

We separate, but barely, and step over the threshold together. 

Your hands are running up and down my ribcage, almost absently. We hold each other, centering. 

"What are we doing?" You murmur in my ear. Your warm breath in my ear sends a shock of pleasure to my core. 

I press even closer to you. I am tiny in your embrace. 

"I don't know. I don't know." I take a deep breath, realization sweeping over me, relief, "I'm where I belong. Right now, I'm where I belong. Are you?" 

I don't know I'm holding my breath until you kiss me again. 

We stand in the entry, making out like the hormone-crazed teen lovers we once were. 

Your hand slides up my arm, tugs down the strap of my black tank. 

You rain kisses down my neck, my shoulder, then you slide up against my body suddenly. You pull my hands above my head, press me hard against the wall. 

My arms fall around your neck when you suddenly release my hands. I wrap my legs around your waist as you lift me into the air. 

I bury my face in your neck. For a moment it's almost innocent, a snuggle; then I start to nip and tongue your neck, your ear. 

And we're in your bedroom. You sit us on the bed's edge. I push you back, straddling you. 

I sit up. You slide your hands up my ribcage, raising my tank. I lift my arms and you sit up enough to pull it off me and fling it aside. You seem to appreciate the black strapless bra and leave it on me for the moment. 

I tug at the hem of your tee, pulling it out from your jeans. You pull it off with one hand in that inimitably male way. 

You lean back on your elbows as I run my hands over your chest. I glance up at you just before I start flicking my tongue over your flat nipples. You look straight into my eyes, you make no pretense of looking away. You moan. I shiver. 

I nip and tongue and kiss my way down your chest, your waist. I slide my fingers into the waistband of your jeans. You tremble. I feel you get harder. I press my palm against your length, squeeze you. 

I snap open your jeans then stand abruptly. I step back and you sit up more, seeing me. I unsnap my capris, unzip, and give a little shimmy to slide them down my hips. 

I stand before you, unintentionally wanton in the black bra, black thong, with all my long hair in a tousled, man-handled mess. 

Your eyes rake over me, taking me in. I move back toward you, crawl up your body. 

You grab me and flip me over as I start to straddle you again. You press your thigh between my legs. I wonder if you if you feel through the faded denim how wet I am. 

You kiss me, our tongues intertwine. You lick at the corner of my mouth. I suck at the pulse throbbing in your neck. 

Your hands find my breasts. You drag your thumbs across my nipples. I feel the pleasure through my whole body. My toes curl. I run my fingers through your hair, clasp you to me. 

Suddenly we are insatiable, hands all over each other. You pull off my bra and groan as you bury you face in my chest. I push at your jeans until you kick them off; your boxers come off with them. 

And then my panties are gone. We are naked together again. The light is fading in the room, spilling shadows across our bodies. We are all fingers and mouths and nerves. Touching, tasting. 

You press your face between my legs. I turn so I can take you into my mouth at the same time. You use your fingers on me, sliding in and out of me while you tease me with your mouth. 

I swirl my tongue around you, suck you into my mouth, one hand wrapped around you, stroking, pulling, the other hand pressed to your hip. You throw your head back and groan. 

You knot your fingers in my hair, pull me to your mouth. You own me with this kiss. 

In one movement, you are above me. You look into my eyes as you press into me. You won't let me hide. 

I lock my knees behind your back, grab your shoulders. We rock slowly together for a moment. Joined. 

Then faster. You press me hard into the bed, then slip almost out before you plunge back into me. Your hands, my hands constantly moving, exploring, enticing. 

Has it been minutes? Hours? I have no idea. 

I arch under you as I get close. You read my body. You slow yourself for a second, look into my eyes again. And then you pound into me mercilessly. 

My body, my brain, everything stops and I all do is feel you, revel in you in me. Your scent. Your tattoo. 

I see you close your eyes, I think for the first time in our coupling. I know you are near the end of your control. I'm there, too. You must be able to feel it. 

You explode into me. I respond at the same moment, my insides clenching you, my fingers digging into your strong shoulders. It seems to last a lifetime. I can't tell if you are breathing. I know I'm not. We collapse together, a tangle of sweaty limbs. 

You gather me in your arms, pull a blanket over us. 

"I've missed you," one of us whispers, but neither of us knows who spoke.