 Christmas had never looked quite so bleak as it did this year. 

I was newly single, just returned to London after a failed relationship -- what else was there to do but to go out and try and laugh, drink too much and pretend to be somebody else for a while?

It didn't really help that my libido was raging, having not had a good fuck in over a year... Pascal, my ex, was not only severely under-endowed, but fixated on 'making love', and, well and good as that might be on occasion... my tastes tend to veer more towards the wild fucking that comes with my fetish for BDSM. 

Don't get me wrong -- Pascal is a nice guy. He genuinely is, but the relationship wasn't working... and when my friend kissed me, and I didn't stop him, well, that was the final nail in the coffin. 

I sat outside a pub in south London, waiting for my friend Laura to turn up, smoking a roll-up and tapping my feet against the cold. Sighing, I looked up at the dark sky, fogged by the London mist, and wondered exactly what had happened. After a few minutes of this fairly melancholy musing, I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and looked around for her, humming under my breath along to the song blaring into my ear through my one working headphone. She was supposedly dragging along her step-brother and his friend, God knew how that was going to turn out... I've never been great at meeting new people, and the state I was in -- well. I'd been talking about sex non-stop since the relationship ended, so desperate for a good fuck that I'd resorted to merely letting my imagination go into overdrive. Not that that was a rare occurrence, anyway... as a fairly day-dreamy person, my imagination tended to kick off without a moments warning -- and a fair proportion of the time, it was fairly X-rated. 

A hand poked my arm, and I jumped, my headphone falling from my ear as I looked up and saw Laura grinning at me, a smoke hanging out of her mouth, 'how you doing, sweetheart?' she said, giving me a one armed hug as she yanked the man loitering next to her into view. 

I didn't even look at the man for a second, I just looked at her, and said, 'just fine, except I would kill for a fuck.'

She laughed, and there was silence from beside her, before I heard an exhalation of breath and the words, 'well, my friends offered to take me out on the pull tonight, so this could be interesting...' fell from the air as I looked up to see a pair of bright eyes gazing at me with interest. My eyes slipped over his face, shrouded in the dark of the night, and I saw a pair of well-formed lips, set in a face that wore a half-smile as he raised his eyebrows at me. 

'I'm Ash,' he said, patting me on the shoulder, 'I hear you're in need of some cheering up...'

I let out a half laugh and nodded, leaning back on my hands, 'yeah, could work... I'm Chess, Chessie, whatever you want to call me.'

'Cute,' he said, smiling as Laura groaned, and shoved me in the shoulder -- 

- 'dude, do you think you could turn off the flirting for two minutes?' she laughed, slapping her forehead as Ash shook his head.

'Jesus, Laura, I'm in there!' he laughed, stretching his arms up, 'give a guy a break!' 

She shook her head, smiling, threw her smoke on the floor and grabbed my arm, 'get your ass in the pub, girl,' and we trailed in, with her step-brother behind us, still laughing as we entered the bright, loud din. 

A couple of drinks later, and his friend, Andrew had turned up. Ash and I had been flirting a little, much to Laura's playful exasperation, and when her and Andy went out for a smoke, I stayed to keep Ash company out of pure self-sacrifice -- although, perhaps partially also because having seen him in the light... well, he was drop-dead gorgeous, with a body to sin for. 

'Chess, keep the flirting at least PG rated, yeah?' she told me, shaking her head but laughing at the same time, and I grinned back and promised I'd try. 

They left, and by the time they returned, I was leaning on my elbows over the table, laughing at something Ash had said, and watching his eyes twinkle as he looked down at me, occasionally dipping down to rest on the shadowed V partially exposed by my dress, making me blush and avert my eyes for a second... only to be drawn back, much like a moth to a flame. 

'I'm heading out now,' I said, grabbing my smoke from the table and standing up, Ash's eyes following me as I stood, sending a rush of endorphins into my head as he stood too, saying he'd join me. We left the pub to a chorus of wolf-whistles from Laura and Andy, and we were both laughing as we got into the cold, dark outdoors. 

I lit up, inhaling the tobacco as I blew it out into the crisp air. The nicotine hit me, and I wandered over to a bench and sat on it, smiling at Ash as he strolled after me. I shivered, hunched over as I smoked, having left my jacket inside, and he looked over and made a soft sound, 'cold, huh?'

'Yeah,' I replied, 'always am though...' and he laughed, the sound sending a shiver through my stomach. 

'Do you want my coat?' he asked me, and, was it my imagination -- or did he move a little closer as he spoke? Was his voice a little huskier?

'Nah,' I replied, 'wouldn't want your pretty ass to get cold, after all...' 

He laughed again, and barely a second later, his arm slipped around me, his hand slipping under the wool of my cardigan to lay on my bare skin as he pulled my body against his. 

'Purely body heat, you understand...' he muttered, his voice a little rough, 'Laura would kill me if you got hypothermia...'

'Mmm,' I murmured, my head in his shoulder, 'that the official line on it?' 

There was silence for a second, and then the cigarette fell out of my hand as his hand slipped down to my back, and I felt my body being thrust against his hard form. My head lifted automatically, a gasp dropping from my lips, as his mouth captured mine in a hard kiss, closed mouth for a second before his touch softened and his tongue instinctively delved inside. I moaned into his mouth, my body arching towards him as his hand clenched on my hair, angling my head into his mouth as he made a guttural sound into my lips, sending shivers through my bones to coil inside my stomach. 

The kiss ended all too soon, my breath coming raggedly as I let out a breath, leaning into him, weak and pliable. 

He laughed, standing up, 'get your pretty ass inside, they're going to wonder what we're doing out here...' 

I looked at him, not moving, 'honestly, I think they'll have a pretty good idea, to be honest.'

A head shake, another laugh, and he grabbed my hand and pulled me to my feet, yanking my body to plaster against his as he thrust his hips against mine, his teeth briefly sinking into my neck, 'well, to be fair, they aren't fools, and I'd be stupid if I kept my hands off you, anyway...'

I growled against his skin, and rested my head against his shoulder, 'get your pretty ass inside, douche,' and at hearing his own words thrown back at him, he chuckled, grabbed his drink and towed me inside. 

Laura and Andy looked up with knowing smirks as we came back in, 'good time guys?' she asked, her gaze dropping to our hands, and as we sat down and I leant against him, they both exchanged looks and rolled their eyes. 

'Should've guessed,' they said in unison, as Ash dropped a kiss on my temple, and the rest of the evening passed in a haze. All I was conscious of was the feel of his strong arms around me, the touch of his fingers on my leg when I shifted position, the flirty comments that he directed at me, and the growing ache in the pit of stomach that twisted whenever I thought of the kiss outside. 

The pub began to get busy around half 10, and Laura stretched, and began to gather up her belongings, 'better be heading off,' she said, and Andy nodded and took out a smoke. 

'I'm catching the same bus, will come with,' he told her, and she turned to look at me, one eyebrow raised. 

I opened my mouth, unsure of what to say, when Ash cut in, his arms tightening around me, 'I'll look after this one,' and Laura nodded, poking me with her foot. 

'Text me tomorrow, you,' she told me, kissing me on the head as they took their leave, and I twisted around to look at Ash, to find him staring at me, eyes hooded, his lips parted.

'Want to get out of here?' he asked me, his mouth millimeters from mine, and I nodded, breathing in deeply, my eyes half closing as he pulled me to my feet, grabbed my back, and we left. 

The ten-minute walk back to his took half an hour, walking slowly, his voice sending shivers up my spine as he pushed me against trees, walls, lampposts. The streets were quiet and his hands grasped my bare waist, nudging under my skirt, as he ran his fingers under the hem of my skirt, his mouth demanding on my lips and my neck, my back arching as he kissed a pattern of desire down my skin. By the time we reached his door, the key hardly fit in the lock as we stumbled in, mouth to mouth, his body harsh against mine as he slammed me against the wall, his hips thrust hard into mine as I felt the hard bulge of his cock grind against me, my body shaking in his arms as I arched my back, my arms around his neck as I searched for his lips. He teased me, brushing kisses over my mouth as I sighed, tried to reach him, unable to secure a kiss until his hand tangled in my hair again and his mouth came down hard on mine. His tongue slipped in, skin on skin, as his lips teased out a shivering moan, broken by his mouth. 

His arms fell to my waist and he moved me, lifted me onto the table nestled in the hallway, and pushed my legs open. His fingers tore through my tights, took place on my thighs and squeezed them, his nails digging in a little as I moaned, my hips moving closer and my hands on his neck. My head spun as his finger began to slowly, carefully, gently trace a pattern up my inner thighs, taking his time, wickedly evoking a desperation, 'please,' I begged him, 'please,' and,

'what?' he growled, 'tell me what you want', and I pleaded for his fingers, pleaded for his touch, for him. The words fell from my lips and he plucked them with his touch and his fingers slid inside me, my wet pussy squeezing him as I bucked, unable to believe how good it felt until I felt his body duck over and his mouth suck my clit between his lips, flicking it with his tongue. He found the most sensitive part within seconds, and toyed with it, fast and furious, driving me to the edge and I could feel it building, could feel him wrench a animal instinct from deep within me. It was so close, I was almost, and I came, crying out, my hips working wildly. My body spasmed, my pussy squeezing his fingers as he wriggled them inside me, driving them deep, drawing out the last frantic seconds of my orgasm. 

There was no time to recover, as he lifted me from the table and I fell to my knees, my head up, my mouth open, my eyes closed as I felt his cock touch my cheek. My fingers wrapped around his length, gasping as I felt him. How was that going to fit? But all worries took no place in my mind as my lips enveloped him and he let out a guttural moan, thrusting into my open, willing mouth. He filled me, I tasted him, ragged noises muffled by his cock as I took him into my throat, my open lips pressed against his groin as he thrust in and out, slowly, his hand in my hair, tight and demanding, as his breathing came heavy and fast. My tongue caressed the tight head of his cock, pre-cum sharp and salty, twisting around his length as he pulled out, pulling me to my feet and pushing me towards an open door that led to his bedroom. 

His hands were under my top, playing over my bare skin, slipping under the underwire of my bra. I whimpered as his thumbs skated over the underside of my breasts, arching my back towards him, asking wordlessly for more as he pushed up the bra with his knuckles at the same moment as taking my nipples in his strong fingers, twisting enough to make me gasp and shake as he abruptly stepped back, and, pulling off his t-shirt, looked at me with hooded eyes. 

'Strip,' he told me, and I gazed at him wide eyed, my blood firing like molten magma in my veins. My fingers found the hem of my top and I pulled it off in a fluid motion, his eyes still on my face as I fumbled for the clasp of my bra and let it drop to the floor. Out of breath, burning, I shimmied my panties and skirt down to my ankles, catching my torn tights with it and slipped them off my feet, my shoes having been discarded somewhere in the hallway. As I stood there, naked, his eyes moved from my face and slowly slipped down over my body, inch by inch, sinfully, temptingly, erotically. He took in every last centimeter of my body, his gaze resting on my tightened, pink nipples and sliding gradually over my stomach, my narrow hips, to the dark thatch of hair between my legs. I thanked heavens that I had groomed that morning, shaving the labia and trimming, and before I could think anymore, his hands were pulling mine behind my back, spinning me around and bending me over the bed, as he pulled off his t-shirt and let his jeans fall to the floor, already unbuckled. I cried out as his mouth grazed my neck, his cock pressing against me, blocked by the thin material of his boxers, damp from pre-cum and too thin to stop me from feeling, yet still too thick, too thick, too thick. I shook as he growled into my ear, 'do you want this?' and,

'yes, please, yes,' I pleaded, my head spinning, my stomach twisting in desire, limbs quivering in need. He ground his hips against me, letting me feel his cock straining to be released, and his teeth grazed my sensitive skin, biting me, as he lifted me up, one arm around my waist, and moved me on to the bed, telling me to get on my back, and as I scrambled over, he was on me, his mouth finding mine with desperate ferocity as I realized he'd removed his boxers in the split second I was moving, and before I could think, I felt the tip of his cock find the wet entrance of my pussy, and he was inside me. His cock pushing, gently, not out of choice but because I was too tight to let him thrust into me with wild abandon -- at first, anyway. He slipped in, slowly, every inch filling me, how could there be more? But there was, my legs wrapping around him and noises falling from my lips in between deep kisses, until at last he was buried inside my pussy, filling me, my wet hole pulsing around him, not knowing what I needed, what I wanted, until he drew out and slammed in, evoking a cry from me as it almost hurt, but it felt too good for me to care, 'don't stop,' I begged him when he paused at my cry, 'it's been too long,' and he took me at my word and fucked me. His hard body pounding into me, hard and fast, desperate, sweaty and animalistic as my hips bucked at him and my back arched, our bodies playing the age-old dance and as he began to groan, short, sharp moans, I felt myself tense and my pussy tightened, so tight he swore and his nails dug into my hips, his mouth hard on my lips as my body broke apart and I came, 'Ash, please,' and he slid deep, so deep that I could hardly see from pleasure, and his back tensed, a soft, human, involuntary, choked noise falling into the skin of neck as I felt him cum, inside me, my legs wrapped around his waist and our hearts racing.

We lay still, two humans, sated and exhausted, his breath on my neck and my hands in his hair, and our hearts slowed. Our minds cleared. Some nights, you will never forget.