 It's been a very hot summer along the central coast of California and I am ready for some cooler weather. I'm itching to get on the road again with my travel trailer. I retired a couple of years ago and have been enjoying life on the road. A couple of weeks ago I took my friend Julie on a short trip up to Santa Margarita. We stayed at a small RV Park. It was a warm week and we enjoyed our time together making love and being naked the whole time. I am hoping for a similar adventure when I hit the road again.

I thought about driving back to Oregon and connecting with my camping friend, Victoria. However, she is well into her teaching semester and would only have the weekend free. Still the chance to play with her incredible pink nipples is a big draw. I've never seen a lady with inch long nipples, and ones so sensitive she can orgasm on the spot. I miss having her full Brazilian waxed pussy planted on my face. She has such sweet cum.

I've done a bit of research and have decided to drive over to Sequoia National Park. It's just a three-hour trip over to the eastern side of the state. The temperature will be much cooler and there are plenty of trails to hike. There are sequoias, cool conifer forests, sun-splashed meadows, and exhilarating vistas to take in. The only question is who can I persuade to go with me. Both my next-door neighbor, Denise and my friend, Julie are working full schedules at Sprouts Farmers Market. I know I promised Denise a road trip, but that will have to wait.

It took me a while, but then it came to me. I should ask my favorite Cal Poly mom, Catherine. She has been my walking buddy since the spring. We belong to a club that sponsors 5K and 10K walks several times a week. We usually find time to walk on Thursday evenings and Saturday mornings. Unfortunately, I've neglected her for the past five weeks while I welcomed Denise to the neighborhood. I hope she doesn't take it too personal.

Catherine retired last year from an accountant position with a Paso Robles winery. I'm sure she'll be up for a quick getaway. Catherine is a super sexy lady who stands five foot-nine with a pair of wonderful Double-D tits. Like my neighbor, Denise, she has sparkling blue eyes which just mesmerize me.

I feel a bit of trepidation as I call Catherine. I'm not sure how to explain my five-week absence. Catherine answers her cell phone.

"Hey Catherine, it's me, Rob. How are you?"

"Oh Rob, I'm so glad you called. I must apologize that I haven't talked to you for the past month, I've been down in Southern California visiting my daughter, Amy. I should have called to let you know I wouldn't be able to walk with you. Can you forgive me?"

"Of course, I can. I've been a bit pre-occupied myself. The house next to me just sold and I spent some time helping my new neighbor get situated. I also spent a few days up in Santa Margarita with the trailer; and that's why I am calling. Would you like to go to Sequoia National Park with me? I'm thinking of spending a week over there to get away from this heat and do a little hiking."

There is definite joy in Catherine's voice as she accepts my proposal. She tells me she will be back this coming Tuesday and wants to walk the 5K on Thursday with our club. The route is one we've done before. It starts at the Monarch Butterfly Grove in Pismo Beach. Catherine says she will meet me there. She also tells me she has a stunning revelation that she wants to tell me about, in person. I try to pry the info from her over the phone, but she won't budge. I guess I'll have to wait until Thursday.

I am left to my own devices until Thursday. Denise, Julie and my favorite BBW fuck buddy, Laura are all too busy with work to play. I resort to using my trusty Fleshlight a couple of nights to relieve the tension and enjoy much needed orgasms. Just thinking about RV'ing with Catherine keeps my cock hard. I anticipate a Saturday departure.

Thursday rolls around and I will meet Catherine at the Monarch Butterfly Grove. She and I have talked a few times this week and planned our arrangement. Like clockwork she arrives. I watch her cross the highway and join me in the grove. We embrace for the first time in five weeks. We share a passionate kiss. Other walkers, whom we know, take notice and welcome us. Catherine is wearing her ubiquitous Cal Poly Mom sweatshirt, along with a pair of black yoga pants which hug her tight buns and show her prominent camel toe. She has me wondering if she is wearing any panties. I see some of the men glance her way as their eyes focus on her pussy.

Sorry fellas, I'm the lucky bastard who will be sampling her later tonight, if I play my cards right. We hold hands as we sign the club roster. I can't help but to stare at Catherine's generous bust. Her Double-D's appear fuller tonight. Perhaps it's a new bra which pushes her mounds up and out.

"What are you looking at?"

"I'm sorry Catherine; was I staring? It's just that I haven't seen you for five weeks and you look extra special tonight."

"Nice try buster, you're staring at my boobs again. Thank you for the compliment anyway."

Catherine knows I love gawking at her tits, but she lets me slide. We move off by ourselves and wander thru the grove, checking out all the butterflies in the trees. There are so many more than in the spring. At 6:30 our walk leader, Barbara, gathers us together for introductions and to pass out maps. We've done this walk before and know the route. We allow a group to lead the way and fall back to the end, leaving the grove and walking through the golf course. Golfers swing away and swear as their balls slice thru the trees. Soon we are on the path along the Oceano Dunes where four-wheelers kick up sand.

I whisper, "Hey Catherine isn't this where you and Lacy picnic in the nude?"

She smiles, "I said we picnic here and then sometimes find nearby dunes for a little sunbathing. We don't strut around showing our boobs to everybody."

"Too bad, I'm sure you would have a lot of followers."

The dune trail takes us down to the county airport. We keep hydrated with bottles of water.

Catherine grips my hand, "So, I told you I have some news to share. Well, it involves Lacy and her husband. It's part of the reason, I left to stay with my daughter for a few weeks."

"This sounds serious."

Catherine continues with a soft voice, "You know how we said that Lacy's husband always had his head stuck in books about rocks and didn't pay any attention to Lacy? We thought he hid out in his room and had no interest in sex. Well, come to find out that he was up in his room spying on me and Lacy and even you. It turns out I don't enjoy the privacy of my backyard like I thought. He installed a couple of video cameras that he used to watch me."

"Oh my god Catherine, that's terrible. How did you find out?"

Catherine's voice is trembling, so I hold her hand in mine as we walk and she explains.

"Remember when we took Lacy to Avila Beach and then came home and made love? You ate her pussy while I sat on her face, and then I used the strap-on with her while she gave you a blowjob. Her husband, John watched the whole episode. His video cameras are connected to his computer and he watched every minute. The next day, he confronted Lacy. She blew up and accused him of being a peeping Tom pervert."

Catherine went on to say that he apologized, but accused Lacy of being cold and distant. If they would make love more often then maybe he wouldn't spy on the neighbors. Lacy demanded that he removes all cameras and promises never to go near Catherine. She would work on their marriage and be more available to his advances.

Catherine continues, "Remember our first Saturday together, when we were in the spa?"

"How could I forget. You wore that bright green bikini that didn't cover anything at all. The little triangles barely covered your nipples. You gave me that incredible blowjob. Yeah, I remember."

"Well, John had a video of that entire day. I feel so violated. Lacy demanded that he erase it, or she would move out of the house. She told me it is gone and they are going to work on their marriage. She said she and I should take a break from our visits to Avila Beach."

That comment made me do a double-take.

"Wait, what did you say? Take a break from Avila Beach."

Catherine smiles, "You know we go to Avila together. We've been going for years, way before the three of us were there."

"Yeah, but have you two gone there since we were there?"

"Of course. You know I'm an avid nudist and voyeur. And you know how horny I get after spending the day at the beach. Lacy and I have used the strap-on several times in my backyard. It's gotten a lot of use. I love it when she takes me from behind with that eight-inch cock. Don't worry, it will never replace you."

I'm not sure her comment makes me feel any better. After all it is eight inches versus my seven. Catherine says she wanted to give Lacy some space to mend the rift with her husband. And that's the real reason she left to visit her daughter in Southern California.

We continue our walk to the end of the dunes where we double-back and walk north to the butterfly grove. The sun is starting to set and there is a bit of a chill in the air. I notice Catherine's nipples are pushing out against her sweatshirt.

"Rob, will you come home with me tonight? I really want your company; it's been way too long for me and I need to feel the strength of a man."

I hadn't planned on spending the night, but I am not about to pass up an opportunity to make love with Catherine. We complete the 5K walk and head hack to our cars. I follow Catherine up Highway 101 to San Luis Obispo contemplating the evening ahead. We arrive at her house. I get out of my truck and open her car door. As soon as she stands up, I take her in my arms and plant a loving kiss on her lips. I let her know I am here for her and that she can take the lead tonight.

Catherine unlocks the front door and we walk in. The lights are out over at Lacy's house. I wonder if she and her husband are out working on their marriage. The last thing Catherine needs is to feel unsettled in her own backyard.

"Rob, will you please start a fire in the den and make yourself at home. I'll be with you in a minute."

I head into the den and turn on the gas fireplace. There is no need for my fire building skills here. A simple twist of the dial and the room begins to warm up. There is a new rug in front of the fireplace. It looks to be faux sheepskin; it feels so plush. Not wanting to waste any time, I sit on the couch and remove my shoes and socks. I stand and drop my pants. My cock is semi-rigid in anticipation of the nighttime activity. I sit down on the new rug and feel the soft texture caress my bum.

I move my ass back and forth against the fur and feel my balls slide along the sheepskin. I flex my cock and it stiffens. I'm ready for Catherine. She walks in carrying two glasses of wine. Her smile brightens as she realizes I am completely nude with a nice hard-on.

"Well, I like a man who doesn't waste time. I see you're ready for me. Have a sip of wine while I join you."

Catherine hands me a glass of Chardonnay and puts her glass on the coffee table. She grips the bottom of her Cal Poly Mom sweatshirt and pulls it up over her head. She reveals a beautiful green lace demi-bra that supports her tits, pushing them up and out. The top half of her crimson aureoles are on display and her rigid nipples poke out above the material.

"Wow Catherine, you are gorgeous. Is that bra new?"

"Yep, I picked it up when I was in L.A. Would you care to see the matching panties?"

Saliva drips from the side of my mouth, "Of course I would. Now I understand why your nipples were so prominent under your sweatshirt. Have they been that hard all along?"

"Yes, they have, ever since I planned to get you back to my house and into my bed."

Catherine grabs the waistband on her yoga pants and pushes them to the floor. I see her matching green lace panties form a perfect frame around her pussy lips.

"Ta Da. Look, they are crotchless panties. I feel so decadent; my pussy is already wet."

I admire the green lace garment and see a bit of moisture along her slit. Her dark red inner labia hang down about a half inch from within. Her entire triangle of pubic hair is on display. It takes all my will-power not to grab her ass and eat her pussy.

"Crotchless panties, eh. Well that explains why your camel toe was so noticeable tonight. You know all those men were staring at your lady bits?"

"They can stare at my cunt all they want. But my pussy is reserved for you."

Catherine kneels on the soft rug and sits in front of me.

"So, what do you think of my new rug? Isn't it the softest? I love how it caresses my skin. You must like it; look at that beautiful cock just waiting for me."

Catherine scoots up and wraps her legs around my waist. She grabs my shaft and pumps it a few times. Her big boobs look so inviting as they lay on her demi-bra. I reach over and pinch her erect nipples. Catherine sighs and works my cock up and down. I pull harder and lift her boobs up and over the bra cups. Her Double-D's swing back and forth, coming to rest high on her chest.

Catherine takes a long sip of wine and then scoots a little closer, pressing my cock against her inner labia. Juice from her inner core coats my shaft. She uses her moisture to lubricate my cock. Her hand wraps completely around my shaft and pumps it a few more times.

"I want you inside me right now. I'm tired of silicon dildos and vibrators, I want real flesh deep in my cunt."

I oblige Catherine by lifting her up by her hips while she positions my glans between her inner lips. I ease her down onto my shaft and fill her up with seven inches of hard cock. Catherine grinds her hips into mine as we settle into a tantric position. We wrap our arms around each other and hold tight. Her nipples dig into my chest as her breasts squish between us. My lips search out hers for a passionate kiss. Our tongues intertwine moving back and forth within open mouths. We press our bodies together in a tight clinch.

"Rob, your cock feels so good buried deep inside. Oh, how I've wanted this feeling. Don't move, just let me feel your girth."

Of course, I can't just sit here without flexing my cock. Catherine counters by doing kegels and using her pussy to clamp down on me. We are interlocked as one being as we bask in the warmth of the fire.

Catherine gazes into my eyes as she grips my shaft, "Do you know we haven't been together for almost five weeks? I bet your Fleshlight got a lot of use? I know my vibrator has been working overtime."

"I may have used it a time or two."

"Well your cock feels divine tonight. What have you been up to, besides fucking your Fleshlight and dreaming it was me? You said you have a new neighbor that you helped get settled; a family, a couple, single?"

"Single."

"Male or female?"

"Female."

"Should I be worried?"

I flex my cock several times, "Not at all."

"Does she know about your Fleshlight?"

"Maybe."

Catherine kisses me, "What else, you said you took the trailer over to Santa Margarita?"

"I did. But before then, I spent a week up at Crater Lake. I think I told you I was headed up there."

"Yes, I remember. How was it? Meet any camper friends?"

"It is truly remarkable. The lake is so blue and the temperature was perfect. I may have met some fellow campers during the week."

Catherine squeezes her pussy, "I bet you did. Did she have big boobs?"

"What makes you think it was a female? And no, she didn't have big boobs. Why do you always accuse me of only looking for big boobs?"

"Cuz I know you. Look around."

"I don't just love your big boobs, I love the total package, especially your long legs and sparkling blue eyes."

Catherine squeezes her pussy again, "Boy, do you know how to lay it on thick. So, what was the attraction?"

"You know Catherine, if you keep practicing your kegels, I'm going to shoot my load before we're ready. OK, so I met a lady named Victoria. She is only a B-cup, but she has really long nipples, they are an inch long and very pink and very sensitive."

"Ha, I knew there had to be something. So, you like the long, sensitive nipples?"

"Am I going to be grilled this whole time? By the way your pussy is so wet and so hot."

"Yes, and nice try changing the subject."

"I've never met a lady with such long nipples. Maybe it was the novelty. But anyway, she is a very nice lady. She teaches elementary school up in Medford. I'm not sure if we will ever get together again. Why am I telling you this?"

Catherine squeezes her pussy again, "I told you when we first met that I'm a bit of a voyeur and I like to hear about your conquests. I'm not threatened at all. I know what I bring to the table. So, then you came home."

"Yes, I came home and met Denise, my new next-door neighbor. And then I took my friend, Julie, RV'ing for a couple of days over to the old winery park on the other side of Santa Margarita. I've known her for about four years. She works at the local Sprouts Farmers Market."

"Big boobs?"

"Catherine, you are killing me."

Catherine is in a talkative mood, considering I have my cock buried seven inches deep inside her pussy.

"I love the Sprouts here in SLO. I shop there all the time. Once, I was in the produce section checking out the vegetables. There was a cute box boy standing near me, I think he was in college. I picked up a big cucumber, it must have been at least 12 inches and thick. I asked him if the cucumbers were fresh while I ran my hand up and down like it was a cock. The poor kid turned five shades of red."

"What did you do?"

"I put the cucumber in my cart and walked on."

"Catherine, you are so bad"

"I know."

"So, how was that cucumber? I saw a porn video where a woman took a long cucumber, peeled it and stuck a condom on it. She fucked herself silly."

Catherine just smiles and winks at me.

"So, Rob, let's get back to this new neighbour of yours, you said her name is Denise? Is she cute?"

"Yeah, I think so. She reminds me so much of you. Sparkling blue eyes, great sense of humour, and very active."

"Have you seen her naked? I bet you have, you are a fast worker."

"Maybe."

"Big boobs?"

"Yes."

"Bigger than mine?"

"A little bit bigger."

"Oh my. Nipples?"

"As big as my thumb, just like yours. Crimson red aureole, three maybe four inches wide. You two could be sisters"

"Shaved?"

"Landing strip."

"Sweet tasting?"

"As sweet as you. Like I said, you could be sisters.

"Age?"

"Forty-seven."

"Rob, you are robbing the cradle?"

"No, I'm not. She's a mature forty-seven. And besides, she's eleven years older than Julie."

"Oh my god, Rob. That's not much older than Amy."

"Believe me Catherine, there is a huge difference between mid-30s and just out of college."

"And does this Denise work?"

"She just moved up from Southern California and got a job at Sprouts."

"How convenient. Two ladies for the price of one."

"I guess I am just a lucky guy."

"Competition?"

"More like 'cooperation'."

"Why, Is she bi-sexual?"

"You could say so."

"And you know this, how?"

"She owns a strap-on, just like you."

"Has she used it on you?"

"Catherine! You know I wouldn't go for that."

"Why not, you like my finger in your ass."

"Your finger is not eight inches long and two inches thick."

"Don't knock it until you've tried it. I think I'm getting to like this Denise."

"She gave me a small butt plug to use. If that's any consolation."

"Good for you. I do like Denise."

"I think you two would get along famously."

Can we meet?"

"I think soon."

"Well enough of this chit-chat. I want you to make love to me like you made love to Denise."
