 Her alarm went off. Reaching for the cell phone she charged each night on her nightstand, Dee pressed the button that would delay the sound for five more minutes. She didn't want to get up, to have to face the long day ahead of her asking customers if she could help them find something. Laying on her back she sighed as she wiggled, pulling the blankets closer to her chin.

She was beginning to drift back into that peaceful state where she felt completely relaxed. She'd had a fitful night's sleep, unable to finally climb into her bed until the early hours of the morning. Not that she was complaining. She'd been up laughing with their friends. She just wasn't looking forward to being so tired during her work day. When she was sleepy it seemed her coworkers tried extra hard to irritate her.

Dee was just beginning to doze again, when she felt the blankets being pulled away from her body. She was about to complain, to yank the covers back up and tuck them around her body when she felt someone nudging her legs apart. A second later, the person was climbing up her body.

Whiskers were pressed against her, the short hairs scratching her flesh slightly as Danny kissed her. Typically his face was smooth, he didn't enjoy having facial hair, but it was still really early. And sometimes Dee liked the way it felt so rough against her. He pressed his lips against her, his tongue parting her before he dragged it against her clit. The pressure retreated only to be replaced lower. A long leisurely kiss that had her tilting her hips upward.

She felt him moan slightly against her, the slight vibration exciting her even more before he licked her again. She bit down on her lip, trying to contain her own whimpers of pleasure. But her body would not be denied. She pressed down, attempting to get as close to Danny's mouth as she could as he licked and sucked greedily on her. She thought she would go insane if she didn't feel him inside of her. Soon!

A moan escaped her as she felt him press a finger deep inside of her. She wanted more and tried to angle her body to feel as much as possible. His tongue continued to circle and tease her clit as Danny started to pump his finger inside her body. She moaned again, slightly louder this time when he added another finger. It wasn't as nice as feeling his cock buried inside of her, but she loved feeling him. He buried the fingernails of his free hand in her thigh and Dee arched her back, tilting her head from the complete pleasure of it.

Danny knew her better than anyone else. He played her body like it was one of his beloved musical instruments and she enjoyed it. He toyed with her, building her pleasure then easing slightly. He knew she loved it when he teased her. She wasn't known for being very vocal, but with him, how could she not be? He knew just how to stroke her, where to touch to get her to release note after note of pleasure.

After what felt like entirely too short a time for such pleasure, Danny's movements became less playful and more demanding. He wanted her to come for him, and she would. She couldn't deny him that, and she wouldn't want to even if she could. His mouth grew more insistent, his fingers thrusting deeper, hitting the spot that she loved to feel him press against. Her muscles were tensing. She reached down between her legs to wrap her hands in his hair. The strands were long enough for her to grab now.

As her orgasm continued to build inside her, her hands turned into fists. She couldn't decide if she wanted to yank him up her body so she could taste herself on his lips and tongue as he thrust his cock deep inside of her so she could cum all over him, or if she wanted to keep his face buried in her pussy, uncaring if he could breathe or not so long as he didn't stop.

Her entire body was tensing, moans were being ripped from her throat. She no longer had control over her body and she loved it. When her orgasm hit she screamed out with pleasure, ever muscle in her body trembling as she simultaneously tried to hold him still and encourage him to keep going, to draw her pleasure out for as long as possible.

After another very slow kiss, Danny pulled away. Her time with him that morning was too brief—but then it was always too brief, even when they spent the entire day naked in each other's arms doing nothing more than kissing and touching and fucking.

He continued to crawl up her body, pausing here and there to place a gentle kiss against her side and suck her nipple into his mouth. 

"Good Morning, Beautiful," he told her with a smile.

Dee could smell herself all over his face and it made her wetter for him. "Careful," she warned. "A girl could really get used to waking up like that."

"Good," he replied, lowering his head to kiss her lips. "I plan to spoil you. You deserve it."

When he began to pull away, she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him back down to her, sucking his tongue greedily into her mouth.

"Time to get up," he told her, looking as reluctant as she felt at having to part from her. 

She got up and began to dress. It would be a long day at work, but she would certainly enjoy indulging in thoughts of how she would show Danny just how much she appreciated his attempt at making sure she would have a wonderful day.