 Cassandra was the young lady who lived in the unit across the hall from mine. In actual fact her parents lived there but she resided with her parents. She was a redhead, nice figure (very nice if you like a girl with large breasts), a bit of a temper (redhead, remember), reasonably fit, reasonably intelligent and a touch naïve. That last was to be expected with a young lady who had only recently turned eighteen. I was quite certain that life would strip some of the naivety away.

I might as well add that she was a reasonably well behaved young lady. She would get into mischief at times but never into any real trouble. Polite and well-mannered and a credit to her parents. I, personally, thought she had bad taste in boyfriends, but that was just me. Her parents considered them all to be fine upstanding young men.

To her I was Joe, the guy next door. We'd talk occasionally and that was about it. I was a few years older than her but was considered a friend. When with me she gave the impression that she thought I was older than I was. For some reason she seemed to put me in her parent's generation, maybe because if I caught her in some sort of mischief I'd growl at her, making me an authoritarian figure in her life.

I arrived home one Friday evening and Cassandra was in the hall next to her front door talking to some guy I hadn't seen before. He was neatly dressed and well groomed. His clothes looked as though they were expensive. He had a quiet elegance that was rather at odds to the feeling I got about him. I trusted him not one little bit.

Now when I turned into the hallway he'd been in the act of giving Cassandra something, talking earnestly. She seemed interested and was looking at whatever he gave her. Then she saw me, blushed guiltily, and put her hands behind her back.

Just like that I went from indifferent to as suspicious as hell. I strolled up to them, smiling.

"Afternoon, Cassandra," I greeted her.

"Joe," she mumbled, nodding to me. Oh, yes, definitely guilty of something.

"Show me," I said, nodding towards her hands.

"Piss off, Joe, or whatever your name is," said the gentleman by her side.

I ignored him, waiting.

"It's nothing, Joe, really," Cassandra assured me.

"Then you won't mind showing me," I pointed out.

"I mind," butted in the stranger. "I told you to piss off."

I just kept smiling and looking at Cassandra, keeping the man in my peripheral vision. I really did not trust him.

Cassandra slowly and reluctantly brought out her hand, revealing two little pills.

"And just what are they?" I asked, and the ice in my voice would have dropped the ambient temperature five degrees.

"Geez, mate, they're just ecstasy. Nothing to get upset about. I suggest you just keep on going and mind your own business."

This time I did pay attention to him, giving him a killing look.

"When I need your input I'll ask for it," I told him. "Why don't you see if you can hold your breath until I'm ready to talk to you?"

"How much did those set you back?" I asked.

"Nothing, Joe," protested Cassandra. "Mike gave them to me as a free sample. He assures me that they're harmless and non-addictive."

"Harmless and non-addictive, huh?" I asked Mike.

He nodded, watching me warily.

"In that case you won't mind taking them, will you?"

"Geez, what's all the fuss? I was trying to do the girl a favour. She wanted to do something new and different and I figured these fit the bill."

"Uh-huh. I notice that you're not taking the damn things, though?"

"I don't need to. I have my own supply. I gave those ones to her as a freebie."

"And if she wants more you start charging. The more she wants the more you charge."

"They're non-addictive," he snapped. "She can just stop taking them anytime she wants."

"Physically, non-addictive. Mentally is another matter. Did you warn her of the side effects?"

"Harmless, Joe," Cassandra hastened to let me know. "They don't have side effects."

"I dunno. I'd have thought the occasional person dropping dead would be considered rather a nasty side effect. It's been known to happen to first time users as well as long term users. Did you notice your sleazy little drug dealer hasn't taken the pills he's suggesting you take. He's got more sense."

"Fuck this. I was just doing a favour for a friend. If you don't want them give them back and I'll be on my way."

I reached out and took the tablets out of Cassandra's hand. I dropped them on the floor and crushed them, looking at Mike with a blank face the entire time.

I smiled at him.

"If I ever see you talking to Cassandra again I will break one of your arms. If I'm in a good mood I'll let you choose which arm."

His face looking ugly but he couldn't suck up the nerve to challenge me. Not really surprising. I was somewhat bigger than him and it was obvious that I had a muscular build. He decided discretion was the way to go and retreated. 

I opened my door and jerked my head indicating she should enter. She did, still being careful not to look directly at me.

"Something new and interesting, uh?" I said.

"I wouldn't have actually taken them, Joe. I was just curious and Mike was very persuasive."

"You'd have taken them eventually. Either he would have talked you into taking them right then and there or he'd have got you to put them in your purse. Every time you opened it you'd have seen them and wondered and one day. . ." I broke of and spread my hands to show it was inevitable.

"The trouble is, Cassandra, that you may have taken them and had a very pleasant experience. That would naturally tempt you to try them again, paying for them. You may take them a number of times with no problems but, and it's a big but, sooner or later the law of averages catches up with you and you're in hospital or the morgue."

I let the silence go on for a short while. Cassandra was biting her lip and didn't seem to know what to say.

"Tell me, do you think your mother would enjoy a trip to the morgue to identify your body?"

Cassandra had gone past guilty, embarrassed, and upset, and was at the angry stage. I got in first.

"I guess you're dying to tell me that I'm not your father and have got to right to read you the riot act. You're quite right. You'd better scoot before I forget myself and be really rude to you."

Cassandra jumped to her feet, eager to be on her way.

"When you get right down to it," I said affably, "I'm just as glad that it's your parents that you're going to have to explain yourself to."

"You're going to tell them?" Cassandra sounded quite horrified. I'd never told them of any other little problems she'd had.

"This is a little more serious than throwing rotten oranges at cars," I pointed out. "If I had a daughter I'd know I'd like to find out as soon as possible if she's experimenting with drugs."

"You haven't got a daughter and if you did she'd want to be doing drugs. How can you possibly tell on me?"

"Well, as you so rightly pointed out I'm not your father and have no right to tell you off or punish you. Ergo, I handball the whole thing to him." 

"I didn't say that," Cassandra protested. "You did. I didn't say a thing about you telling me off."

"Maybe so, but you were thinking it. You wouldn't like the sort of punishment I might dish out, anyway. It might be new and different but I don't think you'd like it."

I received a rather angry look for that new and different crack but I just smiled serenely, which probably incensed her even more.

"Really?" she said, sounding totally disbelieving. "And just what sort of punishment might you dish out?"

"Well, I've threatened to tan your bottom in the past," I reminded her. "This time I'd actually do it. Shall we go and see if your parents are home?"

"Wait a minute," she said, flapping her hands up and down. "There's no need to rush. You wouldn't really spank me, would you?"

"This time, yes, I would."

"But I'm eighteen. I'm an adult."

"Correct, an old enough to learn from your mistakes, especially if you're given a potent reminder that you made a mistake." 

"I've never been spanked. I see no need to start now."

"You've never been caught playing with drugs before. I see no reason to let you off easy."

"This is blackmail."

"No, it's not. It's not even coercion. It's a case of you were a silly girl and want to avoid being punished. Go with the parents. You'll probably be able to talk them around."

She stood there and glared at me. She was furious with me but I could live with that. In my opinion she'd been very stupid and deserved whatever her parents did.

"Alright, damn you," she suddenly snapped. "I'll take the damn spanking."

"What? Are you sure? Like you said, you're eighteen. A bit old for a child's spanking." I was startled. I'd been sure she'd go with the parental option. She'd been winding her father around her little finger for years. 

"You should have thought of that before you said you were going to spank me," she said, sounding rather smug.

I shrugged and sat down on the couch. I patted my knee, indicating she should come and bend over. I settled her nicely across my knee and flicked her dress up away from her bottom. She'd been expecting that and didn't let out a peep. It turned out that she hadn't been expecting me to take her panties and lower them. 

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" she yelled, trying to heave herself up off my knee. Fortunately, or unfortunately, depending on your point of view, my hand was holding her firmly in place. 

"I'm getting ready to spank you," I told her. "What did you expect? I already told you that you're too old for a child's spanking. Consider what I might have insisted on."

"You've pulled my panties down. What more could you want?" 

"I might have demanded that you strip completely and lie face down on the bed for the spanking."

"You wouldn't!" She sounded quite shocked at the idea.

"I could quite easily. You probably have an excellent body and I'd enjoy seeing it lying on my bed. The trouble is, spanking you that way would inevitably lead to me having sex with you, either before, during, or after the spanking. That's less likely to happen here."

"What do you mean, less likely? I am not having sex with you. I never agreed to having sex."

"That's what usually follows an adult type spanking. I'd have thought you'd realise that. It's not as though you're still a child."

My hand moved across her bottom and between her legs, cupping her mound, my hand just resting there holding it.

"I agreed to a spanking. That's it. A spanking. Nothing else. You shift your hand."

"So, just a spanking. No teasing you here." I thoughtfully rubbed her pudenda to show where she wasn't to be teased.

"A spanking," she repeated, and for some reason her voice sounded a little hoarse.

So I spanked her. Easy to say, a lot more fun to do, even if it was being done with serious intent. A spank on the right cheek, one on the left, and one in between. That last one brought a vigorous protest.

"You said you wouldn't touch me there." 

"Be reasonable. It's nicely curved and just the right size for my hand to cover it. If you don't want to get any smacks there keep your legs closer together."

A few more spanks, evenly divided between her cheeks and then her legs were drifting apart again. Why do girls do that? They must know that they're exposing themselves. Anyway, her mound received another spank and I received another protest. 

"I can't keep them together," she wailed when I pointed out that she should close her legs. "The spanking hurts and it makes me forget."

"Well try. I'll give you a reminder when you get a little careless. Just don't whine about it."

Somehow, I don't think Cassandra appreciated the little reminders I gave her. You'd think she be relieved. The slaps I landed on her pussy were much lighter than the spanks that landed on her bottom. The reaction of bottom and pussy were similar. Her bottom was nicely flushed from the spanking and, even though the pussy slaps were far lighter, her mound was also flushed. Swollen, too, with her lips getting all puffy. Odd how these things happen.

Deciding that the spanking was complete my hand came down with one last slap on her mound. It stayed there, gently rubbing.

"What's going on?" she demanded to know.

"Well, the spanking is finished but you seem a little flushed and swollen here so I'm just rubbing it to ease it a little."

"There's no need. Just stop it." Strange. Her voice was definitely rather hoarse. 

"Do you mean to stop rubbing completely? Would you prefer it if I did it this way?"

I slipped a pair of fingers between her lips, rubbing her internally. 

"Yes," she yelped, and I mean yelped. You'd have thought she'd just got an electric shock.

"OK. Yes, I just do it this way."

"No. I meant yes to stop. Not yes to do that."

"Oh. Ah, why? Don't you like this?"

"That's beside the point. You need to stop doing that."

She did sound a little frantic. I shifted my hand, contenting myself with rubbing her bottom.

"OK. You will remember what I said about those stupid tablets, won't you?"

"I'm hardly likely to forget," she muttered.

"Before you go," I said, swinging her back onto her feet, "Would you be so kind as to lean over the end of the couch for me?"

"Why?" she asked, sounding all suspicious. Where's the trust? Shocking this lack of faith people have in their fellow man.

"Why do you think?" I asked, standing up myself and starting to undo my belt.

Her face went bright red.

"You're going to try and have sex with me."

"Cassandra, love, if you bend over the couch I can assure you that try does not come into the equation."

"What if I say no?"

"Then I will be both disappointed and suffering from a masculine condition known as blue balls. It's a very painful medical condition for which there is only one known cure."

Now that I was blatantly propositioning her she seemed to be getting all her confidence back. She was standing straighter and smiling. I could see the question running around in her mind. Should she or shouldn't she. The advantage for me was the fact that she was aroused. I waited.

I felt like cheering when she turned and bent forward over the couch. I came up behind her, letting my trousers drop. I lifted her dress and she was there, exposed and ready, her panties still down around her ankles. 

I was not of a mind to give her time to change hers. I had her lips apart and my cock pressing forward almost before my trousers had time to hit the floor. I'd bet, correctly, on her being aroused. She was hot, and wet, and oh so ready. Now that I had started I had no need to push the pace. I just kept up a long steady push, slowly sinking in deeper, not stopping until I was all the way home.

(Might I say here that I suspect I might have over-rated Cassandra's naivety? She was not a virgin and knew precisely what to do about that cock that had been advancing into her, pushing back to a certain extent and making sure she took me deep.)

Safely sheathed I paused for a few moments.

"Cassandra, I am not going to be trying to stroke your breasts through your clothes. Can you please take your dress off?"

From the way Cassandra bitched and moaned it's not the easiest thing in the world to take off your dress while you're bent over a couch with a big fat erection stuck inside you. Every motion you make carries down to your groin and you find yourself squirming about on top of that erection. Not that I was complaining. 

After a few moments of twisting and squirming she managed to get her dress off and drop it on the couch, at which point I gave her a helping hand by undoing her bra. While she was sliding that down her arms I was sliding my hands around her and capturing the aforementioned breasts, and very nice they felt, too.

Before I proceeded any further there was one little thing I wanted to check out. I slowly dragged my hands down from her breasts and along her sides until both hands were placed just under her ribs. Then I dug my fingers in.

Good god almighty, what a commotion. Cassandra was laughing and swearing and wriggling around, doing wonderful things to my cock while she did so.

"It's good to see that you're still a little ticklish," I murmured after things quietened a little.

"You are a horrendous bastard. Don't you ever do that to me again." 

"Which, tickle you, or tickle you while my cock is so inconveniently placed?"

"Either, both, just don't do it."

"Is this more to your taste?"

Even as I asked the question I pulled back and drove firmly home again. I didn't wait for an answer, taking the gasp she gave as answer enough. I quickly set to, driving smoothly in and feeling her pushing back eagerly to receive me. My hands were back holding her breasts, rubbing them in unison with the rhythm that we'd established.

It was a very pleasurable task bringing Cassandra along to the point where she was near to a climax. It was just as pleasurable but more interesting seeing how long I could hold her at that point. Not long, it turned out. The little witch had a few tricks of her own. She did something indescribable with her internal muscles and there was no way I could keep going after that. 

I spilled my seed hard and fast, while Cassandra had her own climax, which she greeted with a kind of laughing scream. She'd damn well known what I'd been trying and had deliberately spoiled it.

We disengaged and I sat down on the couch, pulling her down onto my lap. She snuggled up against me, almost purring.

"Better luck next time," she said with a bit of a giggle.

I didn't say anything, just waited until her brain caught up with her mouth. Next moment she was sitting bolt upright.

"Not that there is going to be a next time for you," she said quickly, giving me a reproving look.

"Dear me. So I'm now facing a lifetime of celibacy?"

"With me, I mean," she explained. "You won't be having a next time with me."

"Today and never again?" I asked.

"That's right."

"OK, if you say so. In that case I had better make use of what is left of the day."

I lifted her off my lap and stood up.

"Come along," I told her. "I'll show you the correct way to shower after a friendly engagement and how you can turn it into a really friendly shower."

I headed to the shower, towing her behind me. She was protesting but not resisting, apparently resigned to her fate. As long as no tickling was involved.