 She sold yellow page ads. In 1998, that mattered. We talked a couple of times. Chipper and engaging, described her well. She insisted on meeting, in person. I wasn't buying much and do most of my business over the phone, so I declined. She wasn't having any of that, and set an appointment after she returned from the Caribbean. 

Two weeks later,3 o'clock sharp, she bounced through my door. Short blond hair, bubbly, lots of jewelry and clothing that was flattering, but more salacious than professional. She had a sleeveless goldish cotton sweater with a v-neck that accentuated her cleavage, framing the amulet on her necklace nicely. Her skirt was cream colored and a bit too short for her age. Toeless, strapless heels mabe 3 inches, bringing her to all of five five. She was pretty.

Honestly, she was old enough, that, as a younger guy I wouldn't have noticed her in a restaurant or some other public venue, but here she was, filling my office with energy and a sexual vibe which was nearly palpable. We talked, a lot, and hardly any of it was business. She reached out and touched my hands or my forearms, getting up and sitting down again, stepping closer, moving back. I'd never seen anything like it, and it was enjoyable. I saw the other tenants leave my wing, passing by my open door. She told me her birthday passed before her trip and her husband had gotten her something really nice. I bit, I'm in sales, I know the ques, it was clear this was what she'd been building up to. 

"Please, tell me, what did he get you?" I asked leaning forward in my chair. Elbows on my knees, fingertips touching, cocking my head slightly as my eyes traveled up her body. I had been leaning back, not really knowing where this was going, and I was curious. She sat in a dining room chair I had until the real office furniture was delivered. It was a hard, even though the seat was cushioned, and it had a straight back. It looked a little too tall for her, and although she had kept her legs perfectly together her skirt simply wasn't long enough to block my view when I decided to look. I gazed in and could make out a small bow on her panties. Continuing up I lingered on her breasts, then I looked her in the eyes while I adjusted my dick in my pants. She looked down watching what I was doing. 

Her mouth opened, "I got new boobies!" she gushed, leaning forward, and I swear, shaking them at me. 

"Ya like 'em, huh?" I asked, grinning roguishly. but I followed up quickly and deliberately, "I've never felt fake boobs..." I extended my hand, palm up, beckoning to her to take it. "C'mere." I pulled gently and she stood allowing herself to be pulled toward me. I found her other hand and guided her close. "New boobies." I said holding her gaze as my hands slid silently under her sweater at her hips, up her waist, then circling behind her undoing the clasp of her bra.

"This should be fun." I murmured as I felt her surprisingly taught stomach as she allowed me to push up her sweater and bra squeezing and admiring her new boobies. I kissed her left nipple and then her right, swirling my tongue, leaving them wet and glistening. Looking up, her face held in stunned rapture. I glanced out the door to the hall before catching her nipple in my teeth and tugging playfully. "I, think... everybody's gone." 

Dropping my hands to her hips I pulled her into my face, kissing, biting and sucking her nipples. "Ya know this isn't the best vantage point." I said, pushing my chair back and admiring her wet nipples and flat stomach with her sweater and bra pushed up over her tits. She looked nervous at my withdrawal, and the blood drained from her face when we heard a noise out in the hall.

There was only one way out, and I had seen the only neighbor, who came in, leave.. "No one's comin', except the cleaning crew, around 7, and you want me to appreciate your new 'boobies,' doncha?" I added watching as she went from a terrified pale color to a crimson blush. I had no idea of what I was doing, but it felt right. "Take off your sweater and your bra, lemme get a look at you." I added with a bravado that even fooled me.

She stood there holding her things, topless. She was fit, my god was she fit. Glancing to her side, her distraction was incredibly alluring.

"Just drop 'em on the floor, it'll make the place look better." I added feeling my interest rise, as she looked back at me, squinting with fake indignation, but saying nothing as her clothes slipped from her fingers and piled on the carpet. 

Small moments can last forever, and we were waiting, weighing the possibilities. She was stunning. The hair the necklace, her earrings, the multiple bracelets on one wrist, her flat tummy, and fake boobs, with delicious nipples shining with my spit. The little detail that remains etched in my memory, twenty years later, was how her hand opened, discarding her top and bra on the floor. As they slipped from her fingers with her french nails, it was evident she'd let go of all self doubt and reservations about what she was doing.

She looked down at me, with hunger, hope, and resolve. "Mmmm," I growled as I found the button of her skirt on her hip, unfastened it, and listened to the zipper roar as I dragged it down, followed shortly by her skirt bunching up at her feet. Her panties were wispy with a bow, on the front I'd seen while she'd been sitting. No more than strings on the sides, which I curled my fingers around enjoying her smooth skin as I whisked them down her thighs past her knees and down to her ankles. She steadied herself on my shoulder as she stepped out and I scooped up both items and tossed them onto the discard pile she'd begun.

"Aren't you a sight?" I exhaled, truly amazed. "Step back so I can get a better look at you." I added genuinely impressed with what she offered. "Sit back in the chair, I wanna watch you masturbate for me." I commanded, unzipping my fly.

She complied, sitting on the front edge of the chair. "... oh, no, no, no, nooo leave your shoes on, please, leave your shoes on. It's a good look! Put your left foot up on the chair, so I can see everything..." Which is when I saw the metal ring. One leg up, with the heel next to her and one down. Legs spread wide on the edge of the chair. Her left hand squeezing and massaging her new boobies and her right hand, sliding down. Middle finger moving over her clit, spreading her very wet labia around it, then disappearing under the palm of her hand, as her beautiful french nails slid into the stainless steel ring, tugging out gently, exposing the neck of the steel toy hidden away.

"That's an Njoy butt plug!" I demanded, wrestling my rapidly swelling cock balls above the waistband of my shorts and unzipped fly. I stroked my dick, while cupping my balls as she eyed my progress and slid her ring finger into the ring, forcing the swell of the plug to bulge out her pink pucker. "Oh fuck! That's hot." I added pushing against the upward curve of my fully engorged dick. "Didja do that for me?"

Talking directly to my unbelievably swollen gland at the tip of my circumcised dick, "It's medium. Uhn." inserting the two fingers that had been in the ring inside her vagina and mashing her clit and labia with the rest of her hand. "One and a quarter inches across the head," she groaned, "I think it's smaller than the plum you're abusing... oh! it's leaking precum. Lick it for me." She added throatily. "It makes me feel sexy, and I like the fullness... and showing it off... to you, but I did it for me."

Obedient and responsive pornography incarnate, now, inspired me to obey. I wiped up the clear bead of fluid and watched her watch me with a growing intensity that felt like psychic compulsion as my fingertip smeared the clear drop across my tongue, and asked, "Is that good for you?" The squishing, sloshing sounds and the clear strands of grool seeping faster as three fingers, then four, disappeared inside her distended vagina, plus the look of wild abandon, in her eyes as she fingered herself without inhibitions led me to believe she approved. Her new boobies bounced violently. 

I was on my knees, devouring the nectar dripping from her stuffed cleft. Liberating her fingers from the fleshy folds, and worshipping her blossoming lips, wholey sucking all of her into my mouth and then running the tip of my tongue from below the ring on the butt plug, up, over her perineum separating her labia, and brushing her clit as the tip of my tongue raised her hood, then, down, mashing her with a flat wide tongue, grazing her clit as it forced the hood to cover nearly all but the tiny base, forcing her lips wide, then lower, as I searched as deeply as I could with my tongue, inside her cunt. 

She responded so well. One leg over my shoulder pulling me in. Her hands in my hair, encouraging more pressure on her slit, while her arms squeezed her fabulous tits together. And she was loud. Profanities, moans, and grunts cascaded from her mouth, punctuated by whimpers and gasps, as I stretched her lips out, then held the longest part in my mouth, filled with spit and grool, as I brushed the most sensitive parts of her labia side to side. I stabbed her clit, sliding her hood up, with the hardened tip of my tongue, as I felt the wetness slide out my mouth knowing it was covering the curve of her cheeks and soaking the hole filled to capacity with the plug. I love eating pussy, and she tasted, not like honey, but more acidic, like ripe home grown tomatoes in July. It's tangy and thick, and pussy... I was worshipping it.

I looked up, meeting her wild eyes as I delicately licked up, just touching outer edges of her spread inner lips and flicking her hood up as I tapped at her clit. "Ohhuu ahhh that... feels soooo ooooooow, such a long tongue, ahhh I want it as far as you can cram it up my little pussy." Then, somehow she was standing on one foot with her leg draped over my shoulder trying to smother me, as she forced my head between her legs. I'm good at this, because it's something I love doing, plus she appreciated it and she was instructing me how to do it better. With the fervor of religion, plus adrenaline, I extending my tongue and searched for her cervix. 

Then she was leaning back, holding herself up on the armrests of the chair, pushing her pelvis into my face, as I gave up on my cervical quest and tried to locate the patch just inside and up that can make some girls squirt. My dick was so hard, I could feel the head brushing against my white dress shirt as it throbbed achingly and was probably smearing precum on it and my tie. I reached around, grabbing an ass cheek and inadvertently the ring to the plug and squeezed with all my might as I applied more saliva to her gaping cunt.

The craziness of the moment sunk in and I pictured what somebody would see if they walked in. From behind I would look completely dressed, but she was naked, except her jewelry and shoes. 

I was hot, she was on fire. I stood up and my dick bounced with each heartbeat. She grabbed it with authority and leaned forward and rubbed it against her cheek before taking the tip into her mouth. Looking up as her fingers delicately danced over my slick crown, she said, "I like your dick."

As intense as we were, that, was a nice touch. It made me feel really good and turned on in a different way. I knew, I wanted her to enjoy it. As eloquent as I can be, I was rendered nearly speechless, mustering, "I am throbbing so hard, I wanna fuck you right here."

It could have been more articulate and artful, but leaning against me she got both feet on the seat of the chair, wide apart and lowered herself so I could penetrate her and kiss her at the same time. My dick was so wet with her spit, I slipped in until I felt the bulb of the plug block my way. "Makes you feel full, does it?" I asked enjoying the extra pressure as I began to fuck past it. "How's it feel to be plugged in one hole and taking my cock in the other?" 

"Err, I'm being so bad... do you think I'm a slut?" she gushed into my ear as her arms encircled me and held me for a moment deep and pushing down on the root of my cock.

"You are behaving like a slut. You've got your wet pussy swallowing my hard dick, and we met only a couple of hours ago. You undressed in my office with the door open, when you could have closed it. You fingered yourself when I told you to masturbate for me. You showed me the ring to your butt plug, which you had to insert before you came in here... and you sat on it while we talked. You showed me your new boobies and let me lick 'em, and bite 'em and manhandle 'em. What else? You took my cock in your mouth and now I'm balls deep, while you squat on this chair forcing me as deep as I can go, but real sluts take it in the ass. Do you want to be a real slut? I answered with as much derision as I could summon. She wanted the humiliation and I didn't want to disappoint.

"Yes." she whispered in my ear.

I pulled back and grinned at the wild look in her eyes recognizing at the same time that this was some sort of trigger building the moment into something more. "Yes? You don't sound very confident, not like you did when you told me you got new boobies." I observed, then with a sneer, "You should try that again."

She swallowed hard, and gathered herself, "I... want you... I want you to fuck me in the ass. I want you to fuck me with your hard dick. I want your cum. I want to feel you cum, because I'm a slut and you can fuck me any way you want, but give me your cum." Her words conveyed her lust, but it was bolstered by passionate honesty and conviction. 

I'd have ejaculated, if I had taken a single stroke. I pulled out, glancing down at the shiny film on my cock and began undressing. "Turn around. Put your hands flat on the seat of the chair. Spread those legs wider." I advised, as my pants fell to the floor from the weight of the belt. "Arch your back." I added as I stepped forward and lightly brushed my fingertips across her buns bumping the plug ring then skimming them along her hip, past her waist and up her side. I pushed the head of my dick against her cheek, smearing precum and grool, to get her attention.

She turned and accepted the head of my cock in her mouth as I looked down into her eyes and removed my tie. I unbuttoned my shirt and slid it off, discarding it on the floor with her clothes. I pulled off my t-shirt exposing my flat stomach above my athletic tight boxer style briefs. I stood there in my socks and shorts, with my engorged and veiny cock and shaved balls protruding from the fly, motionless with my dick in her mouth, while she craned her neck taking me in. I reached back and slid two fingers through the ring. "This must come out."

She nodded and I began to pull. Her jaw unhinged, stretching a strand of saliva between her lips and my dick as the flange of the plug stretched her asshole. I relented and the plug pulled back inside her tight asshole. 

"Oh shit!" she sighed as her head came to rest on the seat of the chair and her knees bent, "Try now."

Stepping back behind her, I slid off my shorts and knelt behind her licking her gaping pussy, before standing to the side of her, reaching across her back and draping my left arm across her back so I could cup her ass and finger her cunt as I removed her plug. The bulge was impressive before she expanded allowing the widest part of the plug to slip past her grip and escape. 

I had never seen a gaped asshole before in real life and I leaned in, intending to lick the rim, but it startled her and she clamped down with a yelp, and we both laughed and stood looking at each other. 

She grabbed my dick and grinned.

"You're such a fucking slut, now, get on your knees, lick my balls and stroke my cock." I commanded with authority.

She managed to get both of my balls in her mouth, but all she could do was squeeze my erect dick. Having my nuts in her mouth paralyzed me with sensation. It was overwhelming and my jaw came undone this time.

When she pulled off I realized she was worried. Laughing, I said, "That felt amazing down to my toes, and up to the base in my skull, amazing!"

She smiled demurely, "I've never done that before."

"A first, for you? Such a good girl. You're a very good girl, a very willing slut, now open your pretty mouth." I complimented in a low husky voice, while watching her sit back on her ankles, place her hands on her thighs, open her mouth, and accept the butt plug without breaking eye contact with me. "Oh you are a good slut. That was dirty and hot.. So sexy. Good girl. Now! Face down, ass up, with your asshole pointing out the door, and reach back and pull your cheeks apart, so I can see clearly where you want my dick."

Without hesitation, her tits and cheek pressed against the carpet, butt plug in her mouth while her asshole and pussy beckoned, provocatively. I marvelled, licking my hand and spreading saliva over my turgid throbbing dick, as veiny as I'd ever seen it and ready to pop. A couple strokes confirmed how close I was to cumming. She looked so good offering herself, like that, I got down behind her and licked from her clit to her asshole and back applying as much spit as I could before lining my dick up with her open cunt. 

I pushed forward, and the angle wasn't right but the pressure felt amazing and she began to moan around the plug. I raised my right leg, then the left, pulling on her hips to sink deeper and get my dick wetter before taking her asshole. There was no way I could hold that position very long, but it didn't matter, I wasn't going to be able to hold out very long either. 

I pulled out and my dick bounced up against my stomach, as I spit on her asshole, then bent my dick down and watched my cock head open her up as I pushed. It was a first for me and she whimpered as I sank in about halfway. It may have hurt her, but truthfully, I didn't care, well, enough to wait more than a couple seconds before trying to sink all of my dick inside her. 

She had gotten off the floor, propping herself up on her hands and I could grab a shoulder and her hip as I pulled out and thrust back in. "Fuck! You're so deep in my asshole. Just fuck me! Use me! I licked you balls and was careful, but you're just tearing me up with that hard dick. And I asked for it. Asked you to fuck my ass and make me your slut. I am your slut now and..." she hissed, spitting more profanities, but fucking me back, hard. "I'm going to cum while your dick is up my ass, and I can't help it. Why does this make me so turned on?

She pushed me over the edge I'd been teetering on for so long. I pulled back for the hardest thrust as I felt my cum surge into the base of my dick and I was out. We moved the wrong way and I watched in slow motion as a rope of cum flew halfway down her back, before I pressed forward again, both of us groaning with anguish and disappointment until suddenly, warmth velvety wetness held me once again. 

She was flat on the floor, I on top of her, my dick in her, pushing and spewing cum, but I was in her pussy. Momentarily thinking this wasn't actually supposed to happen, but again her response and my orgasm wiped all concerns away. 

When I finally, could think again, I was still hard, despite cumming, and she was being crushed under me. Lifting up, I was worried I'd squashed all the air out of her inquiring, "You ok?"

"Fuck! I want to cum again..." was her reply. I slid off her back, cum mingled with sweat adding a glisten to her skin and lay of my back. 

"I don't know how long this thing will stay hard, but saddle up baby. Ride my dick" I grinned knowing I'd enjoy the show.

She straddled me and lowered herself onto me. My head spread her cum covered lips and disappeared inside her as she bounced, rubbing her clit and squeezing her tits. Just before I said something, she raised up spreading her cunt with one hand and rubbing the head of my cock against her clit with the other, until an evil grin spread on her face and she lifted higher, and stuffed my cock up her butt. I felt her hole spasm around my dick as she took a couple of strokes, but my orgasm had taken its toll on my rigidity. After coming off by accident, we couldn't get it back in her ass. 
