 "Hello there." 

Samantha looked up and smiled. Rising and sticking out her hand she came around the side of her desk to greet the newcomer. "Hi" she said "I'll be your personal assistant for the duration of you visit to our branch office." All the while she was smiling and talking her eyes took in the rugged appearance of her temporary boss. He had a strong chin with a cleft in the middle. His nose was aquiline with a slight bump in the bridge, as if it had been broken at least once in his lifetime. His eyes were of an interesting hazel green. His olive suit brought them out beautifully. He had dark chestnut hair that had a slight wave to it. He looked as if he had at least one Italian ancestor with his dark complexion. All in all he was quite a fine specimen. She had to bring her mind back to the matter at hand or she would end up drooling all over herself.

He had taken note of the interest in her eyes and took his own perusal of her person while he was at it. She had shoulder length curly hair with bright blue eyes that had a sensual look to them. Her lips were rosy and had a slight pout to them. The things he could think of that she could do with that mouth began to run through his head. "Sorry, I was distracted by your mouth.... what did you say?"

She widened her eyes slightly in shock that he would be honest enough to actually admit that. She took a deep breath and said "That's all right, I was wondering about your tight rear end myself..." She smiled as she said it and looked him right in the eye; almost daring him to have a comeback to that one.

He grinned and extended his hand. "Matthew Marchal"She smiled right back and responded "Samantha Tranker." As their hands connected a spark seemed to jump between them and light them both on fire. 

He pulled her closer to him and kissed the back of her hand "It's a pleasure to meet you..." He turned her hand over and gently licked the middle of her palm "...ma'am." She shuddered slightly at the action. She found it to be highly erotic.

As she pulled her hand away she felt a keen sense of regret. However, with the way this first meeting is going, she has very high hopes for the future.

----------------------------------------

The next day she was taking dictation in his office when all of a sudden he stood up and stretched and said "I've had just about enough work for the day... how about you?" There was a definite leer in his eye as he said this. She knew that everything that could happen this day all depended upon her response to this.

"Yeah I think it's time we got to know one another better. What do you think?" She said. "I think that is a wonderful Idea." He replied. He walked towards her and held out his hand. She took his hand and slid up against him. He leaned his head down and placed a gentle kiss on her lips. She slid one hand up his chest and around his neck deepening the kiss as she leaned in closer. He wrapped his arms tightly around her and picked her slightly up off of the floor. He walked her towards the desk and braced her over it. He leaned into her and pulled one hand free so that he could cup her breast and play with it through her top. He reached between them and slid his hand up her thigh till he got to her damp crotch.

He slid his fingers back and forth across the satin fabric. The harder he rubbed, the damper the panties became. "Please." She moaned. He smiled and kissed her quick and hard before whirling her around and leaning over her.

As he bent her over the desk, he simultaneously yanked her panties down and her skirt up. With one swipe of her arm she cleared off his desk and she gripped the opposite side of it with a tight fist. He reached around and squeezed her breasts, kneading them and twisting the nipples. A slight moan escaped her parted lips and she arched back against him, grinding her firm ass into his bulging crotch. He took his left hand and reached between her cheeks seeking the moisture between and finding it he stroked her back and forth with her own juices until she was almost dripping. She was containing her moans with difficulty. Occasionally one would escape her trembling lips and she would be hushed by the sweet whisper of his kiss upon her lips. He gripped her by the hips and shoved her higher up on the desk. He reached down and unzipped himself, pulling his cock out and letting it bounce against her ass. He rubbed himself up and down her slit, lubricating the head of his cock with her juice. He kicked her legs wider apart forcing his legs completely in between hers until she was stretched to the point of being uncomfortable. He spread her wide with one hand and reached down to guide himself to her wet opening with the other.

As he slipped the head of his cock into her she could feed it pulsing with excitement. She arched her body back trying to take more of him into her; only as she would shove backwards he would pull back as well so that he was not advancing anymore than just the head. She finally gave up on forcing him to go deeper into her and just whimpered with unfulfilled desire. 

As he heard this he positioned himself with his knees slightly bent and angled her way. He gripped her by her shoulder length brown hair, twisting his fist tightly into the loose curls. That proceeded to yank her head and neck backwards arching her throat in a slight arc. Once he got her in a position he liked he didn't hesitate. He slammed his full length into her in one forceful shove. She almost screamed with excitement. He leaned forward and sank his teeth into her neck biting and leaving his mark. He soothed it with his tongue gently stroking her smooth skin, all the while slamming into her, forcing her further up on the desk with every shove. 

He released her hair and slid his arm around her chest just above her breasts. Gripping her tightly he pulled her backward until she was leaning almost completely upright again. Her breasts bounced with every return thrust. He began to slam into her more forcefully with every withdrawal. She reached around and gripped him by his firm thigh and held tight. Trying to keep her balance she dug her nails hard into his thigh and he growled in response seeming to enjoy the slight twinge her nails gave him. So, she reached even further back and gripped his buttock digging her nails in. 

He slowed down and stopped. Pulling back and away he removed himself from her causing her to groan in frustration. He grabbed her by the hand and pulled her away from her desk and pulling her after him as he walked to a straight backed chair that was near. He sat down with slightly spread legs and pulled her to him. He suckled on her tight nipples reaching down and massaging her throbbing clit. She arched into his hand and ground herself into him trying to ease the ache he had created. He pulled his hand away and replaced it with his mouth. She felt her knees wobble when she felt the first sensation of his tongue stroking her enlarged clit. A strangled moan escaped her and he looked up at her with a wicked twinkle in his eye and went back to work.

He laved and stroked his tongue up and down her wet slit, concentrating on her clit on every return sweep of his tongue. He slipped his hand between her thighs and lightly stroked all around her opening gently teasing her with the hint of more when he would dip his finger inside. As she ground herself onto his hand he gave in and slipped his finger inside. He slowly worked it in and out, twisting it as he went. He added another finger and got a little rougher with every gentle spasm he felt pulse through her. As she neared her peak while he was stabbing her clit with his tongue, she gripped him by the hair and held on tight. She started to twitch and moan more rapidly. He slipped one of his fingers out of her and slid it around to her anal entry. He circled it and gently pressed on it sliding just the tip of his finger inside. The feeling of her ass being penetrated as she was nearing orgasm sent her over the edge and she drew her fist to her sharply to stifle her outcry as she came. While she was still trembling with residual spasms of pleasure, he pulled away from her and pulled her face down to his for a gentle kiss. 

He swirled his tongue around hers and sucked hers into his mouth so he could tease it with teeth and tongue. They kissed until he became aware of how her body was still slightly trembling with a lack of real strength to hold her upright after her intense orgasm. He withdrew from the kiss and pulled her down onto his lap. This put her at the perfect angle to enter her while still sitting.

He had kept his erection the entire time he was licking and fingering her wet slit. He loved the taste and smell of her arousal. He gently lifted her up just enough so that he could slide his still unsatisfied cock into her. She felt him penetrate her and she slowly slid down his length. She slid down until he was fully embedded inside her. She reached forward and slid her arms around his neck and pulled his head to her breasts as she started to slowly side up and down on his rigid length. He nuzzled his face in between her breasts and slipped his hand around so that he could grip one and guide it to his mouth. As he sucked on her nipple she started to increase her pace. She began to grip him with her inner muscles in a powerful clench and release motion. 

He wrapped both arms around her waist and began to help her ride him, controlling the speed and length of her movements upon his cock. He started to thrust his hips with every withdrawal trying to keep any and all contact he could with her. He could feel his own orgasm coming upon him and didn't want her to go without, so he reached between them and stroked her clit with a gentle, purposeful touch. The wilder she became the more intense it was for him so he continued to stroke her and rub on her clit. As he felt himself begin to pulse with his orgasm he applied just the right amount of pressure to send her off. She clenched around him and her inner muscles gripped him so tightly that they set off his own orgasm. He could feel her milking all of his semen out of him clenching so tightly he gasped with the intensity of it. They lay together in a tangled mass and caught their breath. 

"I have a feeling I'm going to love working here." He drawled.