 "John, would you please step into my office when you have a minute?" my new boss, Julie, asks me over the phone even though her office is just a few doors down from mine. Uh, oh, I think. This isn't going to be good. I'm already behind with my regular workload, I've been jumping through hoops to bring her up to speed and now she's got a new request that is going to keep me here for who knows how long tonight. This always happens when there's a new boss. Days wasted going over the same material, answering basic questions and not being able to move the company forward. Come compensation time, no one will remember the time and energy I spent making her seem intelligent. And of course her ego will minimize all of my efforts and then, in hindsight, she'll honestly believe that I had nothing to do with her success. I've seen it all before. Meanwhile, my wife isn't going to be happy. I've already missed way too many dinners and the kids have forgotten what I look like. Maybe it really is time to think about a new career. Wouldn't it be nice to be my own boss?! 

I walk down the hall and approach her office. I notice that she's in the middle of writing an email. Great, I think, another power play. She just called me down and now she's going to have me just linger in the hallway while she finishes something else that she's working on. Wow, she's so important. Am I supposed to be impressed at how efficient she is with her time? Well, I'm not. I'm really just pissed. I look like her little puppet waiting in the hall waiting for her to call me in when she's ready. The only good side is that she is quite pleasant to look at. I don't know for sure, but she must be late thirties, early forties. She has that sexy, professional business woman look that says, I'm smart, I know it and don't even think about messing with me. She's wearing a light green business suit with a white top. The top of the suit is hanging over the chair and she's showing just a hint of cleavage that says "I dare you to look." 

She typing the last few words and without even saying a word, she motions for me to come in. As I start to walk in she says "John, please close the door, would you?" I wonder what this is all about. Top secret project? Maybe, but unlikely. I'm not being fired, no one from HR is here. I wonder what it could be. 

"Have a seat John," Julie motions to the chair and takes off her glasses. 

I take the seat and wonder out loud, "What's up, Julie?" 

"Well, John, we have a little situation." 

I blurt out , "A situation? What do you mean?" 

"John, when you sign into your computer each morning, do you read the little blurb that pops up?" 

Not really, I think to myself. But I do know that it talks about improper use of the computer equipment or something like that. I'm not sure I like where this is going. 

"Sure, why Julie?" 

"Well, John, are you also aware that I am able to monitor all internet traffic for the members of my team?" 

OH SHIT! This is very, very bad. I have visited a number of non-business related sites lately. I'm not sure I can even help it. I enjoy looking at the pictures, finding other people to chat with and potentially meet and I've even started writing erotic stories. Maybe I'll get off the hook and she's just talking about the shoes I purchased online recently. Not being very good at hiding my emotions, my face turns white. 

She looks at me and says, "Apparently you weren't aware. However, what have you been doing is a very serious offense and can not be tolerated here. You realize this is grounds for dismissal."

I begin to wonder how I am going to explain this to my wife. I'll lose my job and my family in one day. Talk about a bad day! I'm speechless and can't even respond to Julie. 

"There is a way out of this for you," Julie gazes intently at me with a devilish smile and an almost evil look in her eyes. "It seems we have some interests in common. And I'm not talking about the shoes you ordered. I particularly liked the pictures you posted last week and the story you wrote about your college days." 

The pictures she was referring to were ones I had managed to take of myself with my digital camera on a recent night I was alone. There were various poses with my cock first soft and then fully hard. I enjoyed taking the pictures but I also enjoyed my anonymity. Knowing that no one would ever be able to make the connection that my face went with that cock, I was less inhibited. I had masturbated several times knowing that people had seen my cock and I enjoyed the favorable email feedback from woman. 

Even though I posted for comments from women only, I seemed to get a lot from guys asking "are you bi?" I'm not, but its nice to be wanted Never in a million years would I suspect that my boss would have seen them. She saw them and she knew my face. How embarrassing is that!! I could die. And the story about my college days was about a time I was studying for an exam and ended up inside of my attractive study partner. At this point, there were a range of emotions washing over me: mostly confusion and fear mixed with excitement. She saw me naked, she read about me fucking and she was sitting here telling me we had interests in common! As much as I tried to fight it, I could feel my cock coming to life right there in her office and I squirmed.

"John, the way I see it, we have a few options here. I could take the moral high road and bring you to HR right now. You would be terminated immediately and this will go on your permanent record. Or....." 

She let the word hang there. The fear and excitement were both still there. She just let the "Or..." fill the room, not saying another word. She looked at me with a deep hunger. Her hand went between her legs for an instant before she completed her thought. "Or, you could choose to take on some additional special assignments."

"What kind of special assignments?" was about all I could grunt out as I cleared my throat. 

"Well, you'd be my personal assistant taking care of my very personal needs. I know you know exactly what I mean and I can see that you probably won't object too much by the extra care you've been taking to try to hide that growing erection. Normally, I wouldn't be able to propose this type of arrangement because I'd be afraid of sexual harassment charges. You've made it so that I don't have to worry about that. One word of complaint and you're out on the street and I have the records to not only have you lose your job but also to embarrass you and maybe have you lose your family as well. So, what's it going to be, John? Are you going to be my very, personal assistant or are you going to opt for being ruined?"

Now what was I going to do? I never thought I would be blackmailed. I do like the idea of having sex with this woman. But the thought of doing it because it suited her needs and because I had to...well that was both a little humiliating and a turn-on at the same time. "When do we start?" I asked. 

"Very good, John. I'd say we start now. First go over and lock the door. I'm very busy this afternoon, so this will just be a test to see how well you can orally please me." I walk over and lock the door. As I walk back, Julie stands up and tells me to help her down with the suit pants. She kicks them to the side and is standing before me in cotton bikini panties. I can't believe this is happening. 

Moments ago I thought I was going to be fired. Now I'm standing here alone with my attractive boss, her pants on the floor, her thin panties offering a clear view of what's underneath and I'm about to have my tongue between her legs. THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU. She puts her fingers through the waist band and slides the thin material down to her ankles and sits back down in the chair with her legs spread. What a site! I never could have guessed this was the way my day was going to end up, me admiring my boss's pussy. Her nicely, trimmed pussy -- not too hairy, not completely shaved, just very neatly groomed. Her lips visibly calling to me with a little hint of moisture on them. "Okay, John, you may begin." 

The only way to really do what she has asked of me is for me to get on my knees. I get down and as I move my fast really close I am rewarded with my first breath of her. While this is going to be for her pleasure, there is no doubt that I am going to enjoy it as well. I put my hand on her upper thigh to balance myself and she lets out a little moan of anticipation as my head moves closer. I stick my tongue out and ever so gently lick up the left side of her outer lip and down the right side. Again, she lets out a more throaty moan and it is questionable at this point who really has control over whom. I am teasing her with my tongue and my breath, occasionally adding my fingers, ever so lightly. She is thrusting up to meet my tongue. Unable to control herself. "Yes, John, you will make a good assistant. MMM... that's it. You're so good at licking my pussy. I know we're going to have a lot of fun together. You're going to make me cum soon." 

Her pussy was pushing into my face and I was finding it hard to breath at times. She seemed like she needed it really bad. "Yes, Boss, you have a nice pussy. Am I pleasing you okay?" 

"Mmm...yes, John. You're doing it very well." 

I can't get enough of it either. My cock is so hard. I'm dying to take it out but today is about her. I know it and she knows it. I can tell we will have a chance to do more and I'm guessing that she will enjoy playing with my cock because of the comments about the pictures and the fact that she said today was just the first test. I'll just have to go home and masturbate later with the smell of her still in my nostrils and on my fingertips. I feel her getting close. Her rhythm changing. Her stomach muscles are tensing and releasing, tensing and releasing. Her athletic thighs are gripping my neck, her hands are pulling my face in closer. My tongue is inside of her. I can taste the wetness. I can feel her pulsing. She is about to cum. Although the offices are pretty sound-proof, they're not perfect so she has to suppress her moans. She can not scream out so as she climaxes she lets out a whimper as her whole body shakes with little tremors against my mouth. My face is soaked. She looks a lot less tense than when I walked in. 

She quickly cleans herself up and dresses. I stand up and she lets me know that we're done for now by saying, "That'll be all for now John. I expect you to come to work prepared for the intensity of your services to increase. I also expect that your regular work will not suffer as a result. You have always been a strong performer and now with your expanded duties, I am expecting excellence from you. Good day!"