 Rick couldn't wait to get home. It had been a long week on the road for meetings. The meetings had gone well, but the week had required a lot of windshield time. Rick was tired and ready to crash on the couch with a beer. Only a couple hours to go. He readjusted his 6 foot frame in the driver's seat. He kept in pretty good shape, with broad shoulders and a slim waist, but a week in the car had put a hurting on his 29 year old back. And it was raining. That always added to the stress.

Rick had slowed due to the rain, choosing safety over getting home fast. As he cruised down the lonely highway, he noticed a car on the shoulder with the hazzards on. As he eased past the car, he noticed it was empty. But just a little ways up, through the rain, he noticed a figure walking on the side of the road. "Man, that would suck to break down in this weather," Rick thought. The figure on the side of the road continued to come into view, and as it did, Rick realized it was a female figure - and not a bad one at that. She was walking in short heels, with jean shorts and what appeared to be a pink tank-top. The jean shorts were short, and showed off a nice set of pale white legs.

Without really thinking about what he was doing, Rick began to slow the car. As he passed the woman walking on the side of the road, he noticed a nice figure, in shape with large breasts swaying in the tank-top with each step. Rick pulled over and came to a stop a few yards in front of where she was walking. As she approached the car, he rolled down the passenger side window a bit. "Can I offer a little help?" Rick asked. The woman leaned down - she had a pretty face, her straight, shoulder-length brown hair plastered to her head by the rain. But Rick wasn't paying much attention to her hair. As she leaned down, he was staring straight at a deep cleavage between two full, creamy-white breasts.

"My car broke down. I'm just walking up to the next exit," she said.

"The next exit is 2 miles up. That's quite a walk in this rain. Let me give you a ride," Rick said.

"I don't know," she said, biting her lower lip. Rick noticed she had a set of full thick lips.

"Look, I know safety first. I feel a little nervous pulling over for you myself. But I'm a straight-up guy. It's pouring out. Let me just give you a lift.," Rick said.

She thought for another moment, and then opened the passenger door and slipped into the passenger seat. She crossed her smooth, creamy legs and crossed her arms under her full breasts, hugging her soaked frame.

"I'm Rick," he said, reaching out his hand.

She shook his hand in her soft, small hand. "Lucia." She said, managing a sweet smile. "And thanks for the lift."

"No problem," he said. They pulled back onto the highway in silence. Rick noticed that Lucia was shivering next to him, and turned the heat up. He also noticed a pair of pert nipples straining against her tight pink tank-top.

They got up to the exit, and Rick pulled off. There was only one gas station, and Rick pulled in. "I'll wait here for you just in case," Rick said.

Lucia looked over at him. "Thanks, Rick." She got out and ran into the station. Rick watched her ass sway back and forth with each step. It had been a while since Rick had gotten any action, and a growing feeling was developing in his groin.

A few minutes later, Lucia came back out, looking upset. She got back in the car, near tears. "The garage is closed for the night. Won't be open until the morning, and the clerk said that there isn't another service station for another 40 miles. I'm stuck."

Rick didn't know what to do. He exhaled and looked across the street. There was a Courtyard over there. "Hey, how about this. Let's get you a room over there, and then you can get the station to help you out in the morning."

Lucia shook her head. "I can't," she said. " I can't afford that. I'm just 24 and don't have a job." She stared out the window, shaking her head at her luck.

"I'll take care of it. We need to get you out of this rain so you can dry out. I can't just leave you sitting here the rest of the night."

"No. I can't have you do that. I'll figure something out," she said.

"Come on. Don't be stubborn. We'll figure this out," Rick said, putting the car in gear and heading across the street. He pulled up to the front entrance, told Lucia he'd be right back and went in and got a room. He came out and pulled around to the side of the hotel. "Come on, let's get you where it's warm," he said. Lucia followed him in. Rick had no idea what he was doing, but he figured he would just roll with things and see where they ended up. They got to the room and went in. Rick went over to the thermostat and turned up the heat. 

"Listen, why don't you take a warm shower, and I'll go out and grab us some beer and we can maybe order some food or something."

"OK. Listen, Rick. Thanks." Lucia said, looking at him with big, brown eyes.

"No problem," Rick said, and headed out the door. 

Rick got back to the room just as he heard the shower shut off. The bathroom door was not fully closed, and Rick could see the shower curtain peel back as Lucia stepped out of the shower. Holy shit, he thought to himself. Lucia stepped out of the shower, and Rick got a full glimpse of her naked figure. Her tits seemed even bigger than they did stuffed in her tank-top. They were full, natural, and large, with stiff pink nipples sitting on their perky form. Her body was creamy white, with a smooth shaved pussy between her legs. 

Rick sat down in the chair and popped open a beer, enjoying the view. He could feel his cock growing in his jeans. Lucia dried off, wrapped her towel around her full breasts, and came out of the bathroom. Rick stood up and brought her a beer. He was a good bit taller than her, figuring she was around 5'4" without the heels. He looked down at her with a smile. 

"Thanks, Rick." She said with a smile.

"No problem," he said. 

"I'm a little embarrassed. All I've got is this towel to wear until my clothes dry," she said.

"Nothing to be embarrased about," Rick said. "In fact, if it would make you feel more comfortable, I can get a little more undressed, myself," he said, smiling.

"Uh, that's ok," Lucia said, nervously. But before she could stop him, Rick had pulled off his shirt, revealing his strong frame. Lucia just stared as Rick began unbuckling his jeans, slowly letting them drop to the floor. He stood before her in just his boxer-briefs, and his hard, 8 inch cock was clearly straining against the grey fabric. 

Lucia stood before him, mezmerized by his hard cock, the thick head twitching against the briefs. 

"So, I was thinking. I've helped you out a little. How about you help me out some?" Rick said with a smile. 

"Uh, listen, Rick," Lucia said nervously, backing up a step, "I appreciate all that you've done for me. It's really, really nice. But I, uh, I...." Lucia just stopped mid-sentence, clearly distracted by the throbbing cock in front of her.

"Listen, if you want to leave, you can leave right now. No problem. I won't stop you. But otherwise, how about kneeling down in front of me," Rick said, surprising himself a little with his forwardness. But he felt confident about what Lucia's reaction would be. He could tell she was distracted, and he had a feeling she wanted to stay. Lucia just stood there, staring at Rick's crotch, her chest lifting and falling rapidly with her breath.

"Drop the towel and kneel down," Rick said firmly with confidence.

Almost as though in a trance, Lucia nodded. "Yes, sir," she said and slowly undid her towel and let it drop to the floor. Rick caught his breath as he took in her body, which was even more impressive up close. Huge, full tits, flat stomach, and shaved pussy surrounded by flawless, creamy white skin. He watched as Lucia kneeled down in front of him, her face eye-level with his cock.

"Now take it out," he said. Lucia just nodded, and reached out to the waistband of his briefs. Rick inhaled sharply as he felt the soft touch of her fingers against his waist. Lucia bit her full lower lip and looked up at Rick with her large, puppy-dog eyes. Though Rick saw a level of nervousness on her face, he also detected something else - lust. Lucia slowly pulled the waistband of his briefs out away from him and then down, slowly releasing his throbbing cock. With the final tug, she pulled his briefs down to his thighs and his cock sprang free, bobbing directly in front of her face. Lucia inhaled quickly at the sight of his thick meat twitching right in front of her. The hint of lust Rick had seen was now fully formed on her face. She was mesmerized by his cock.

"Now let me feel your mouth, you little slut," Rick commanded.

"Yes, sir," Lucia said breathily. She slowly moved her full lips toward his cock, and let a long, thick tongue slip out. She slowly licked around the swollen, thick head of Rick's cock. Rick moaned and twitched slightly at the light touch of her tongue, soft and wet. Lucia let her tongue slide down the length of Rick's shaft to his neatly groomed base. The tip of her tongue lightly brushed the top of his full, shaved balls before sliding back up the shaft. As she got back to the head, she opened her full lips wide and let the head of his cock slip into her mouth. 

Rick groaned as he felt Lucia's warm, wet mouth surround his cockhead. Lucia looked up at him with full eyes as she began bobbing her head on the first few inches of his thick, veiny cock, her small, soft hands resting on his thighs.

"That's it, you little slut. Suck that cock," Rick moaned.

Lucia began picking up her pace, taking more and more of his cock into her mouth. Rick reached down and put his hand on the back of Lucia's head and began applying light pressure, pulling her head toward him. He felt Lucia moan as she began stretching her mouth around his cock, allowing inch by inch into her mouth. Rick continued pulling her toward him, feeling his cockhead reach the back of her mouth and slip into her throat. Rick moaned and watched as Lucia took his full 8 inches into her mouth. He felt her throat tighten around his cockhead. Lucia's nose was buried in his crotch, he could feel her breath at the base of his dick.

Rick reveled in the feeling. He hadn't cum in a few days, and the twingling feelings in his balls were growing. He knew he wouldn't last too much longer, but also knew that this first round was just the beginning. If Lucia was this much of a cock-lover, he felt pretty confident she would like his other gift - Rick was blessed with an ability to cum in enormous quantities. And to do so over and over again. The fact that it had been a couple of days since he had cum last only served to increase the size of the load boiling in his balls.

Lucia moaned around his thick cock, bobbing slightly with his cock buried in her throat. Rick felt his cock twitch and knew what was about to come - or cum.

He enjoyed one last suck from Lucia's mouth and then pulled his cock out of her mouth, watching it slide out inch by inch, glistening in Lucia's saliva. Just as his cockhead slipped from her lips, Rick groaned as his cock twitched and a thick, yellowish shot of cum erupted from the tip of his cock.

"Ohhh, yeah," Rick moaned, and watched as the shot landed across Lucia's nose.

"Ohhh, Rick," Lucia murmered. Rather than recoiling at the feel of his warm cum, she moved closer, opening her mouth slightly. Then Rick began to cum in earnest. Thick rope after thick rope of his creamy white semen erupted from Rick's throbbing cock, landing all over Lucia's lips, cheeks, nose, eyes, and forehead. Lucia just watched as his cock continued to erupt.

"Holy shit!" she exclaimed, shocked at the amount of cum spewing from Rick's cock like a fountain. She felt the warm cum cover her smooth white skin.

Rick looked down as the last of his load dripped from his cock onto Lucia's chin. Lucia's face was completely covered in his cum, hardly a spot of uncovered skin showing, and large gobs of cum were dripping from her chin toward her heaving tits.

Rick just looked down and smiled. Lucia just stared in total lust, covered in his cum. She couldn't believe what had just come out of Rick's cock. And Rick knew there was plenty more where that came from. And her tits were just sitting there, looking so inviting. Rick smiled. He had found a little cum slut, and he was about to enjoy the fruits of his generosity..... To be continued...