 Standing barefoot among the soft grass, a smile playing at the corner of his mouth. Thinking of the last few years with all the obstacles and changes in his life, he shakes his head gently each time he thinks of how so much is different in his life. He is so much happier than before and so much more secure in his own character. 

There's a light wind coming in off the coast, he looks around at the softly swaying branches of the trees that surround this clearing on three sides. Everything so green, so lush, so beautiful. He pads lightly across the grass towards the cliff that overlooks the ocean to the east. Stopping and letting his toes curl into the soft damp earth, turning back with a soft smile at the cabin snuggled into the trees. His thoughts drift to earlier that day and his smile broadens.

Approaching the edge of the cliff and looking out at the crashing waves as they continue their assault on the rocks below, memories flow through his mind and he blushes slightly as he realizes the resulting effect in his groin. They had flown into the country the night before and how they had struggled the last year to make this dream a reality. The flight was long and exhausting, but they were both so happy to finally be here. Running on adrenaline for the last 36 hours, by the time they had finally arrived in this remote and awe inspiring corner of Scotland the fuel was running low and they had a much deserved and sound rest.

Loving her these last months he had come to understand how persistent passion feels. The inability to look at the smooth curve of her back, or watch the tiny silver chain dangle from her beautifully formed neck without wanting her, without gritting his teeth silently at the thought of reaching under the covers and gently stroking her sex, rubbing the center of pleasure and making her glisten with the sweet nectar that begs him to taste. 

She was insatiable and so was he, but his patience and his desire to tease would make her wait. Not so lost in the intoxicating passion that was hers, walking away from her, making her crave even more and wait with great anticipation at the next opportunity to have his manhood surrounded by her hand, stroking him to hardness and then being impaled with madness inside of her as his seed would launch hot and thick, coating every delicious inch of her.

Remembering how he gently awoke to the sound of the wind as it caressed the old cabin's timbers. He looked over at her as she slept, rising up on one arm and just watching her face and her form, her nostrils flaring slightly, the gentle rising and lowering of her chest as she breathed. 

Moving his eyes down her form, the soft curves of her hips and thighs as the bright moonlight reflected off her skin. It never ceased to amaze him the effect she had on him. He couldn't help but move himself gently closer, pressing his naked body against hers and slowly moving the palm of his hand down those lusciously beautiful curves.

As he moved carefully closer to her, feeling her soft breath against his skin, he reached up and cupped his hand against her cheek. She never mentioned to him in words how much that touch meant to her, but he knew and he loved being able to still make her heart race when he did so. Using the tips of his fingers, he gently brushed aside her hair and leaned down placing a soft gentle loving kiss to her forehead. 

The entire time they'd been together they never spoke much of the future, always taking one day at a time. Yet, here they were, over a year later living their dream together. He reached over tentatively and slowly rotated the tip of his finger around the tip of her breast, circling the aureole, spiraling down until he touched her nipple. Taking great enjoyment in watching it become firm under his touch, he leans down and wraps his lips lovingly around it, suckling it in and out of his mouth. She stirs from her deep slumber and let's a quiet moan escape from her mouth. 

Fingertips moving with a feather light caress down her body, every inch of her, arms, hips, thighs, buttocks circling around to the front of her, laying his hand affectionately upon her stomach. His fingers were inching towards the sweet source that lay between her legs. 

He suddenly laughs softly to himself remembering how he'd always loved the taste of a woman's source, but never so obsessed and in love with the act of consuming a woman's sex as he was with hers. The straight from the shower wonderful sweetness or the after work, rip her pants off, sour/tangy/sweetness of her. His mouth watered from the thought as he gently moved down her form, carefully turning her onto her back as he did so. He wanted her to awaken, but awaken she would to the touch of his tongue.

Stealthily he slipped between her legs, carefully spreading them as she stirs a little more, mumbling something under her breath as she dreams. He quietly presses his nose against her sex and takes a deep breath, the scent instantly filling him, making his head swim, his manhood instantly hard. 

He kisses her there in that most sacred of spaces. His tongue moves every so cautiously, tasting the salty flavor of her skin. Moving his tongue below her sex, flattening it there in the sensitive nook below her sex and moving upwards slowly, pressing into her, allowing his tongue to slide between her folds and press deep into her flesh, ending the intrusion with a gentle flick of his tongue across the hood of her clit. 

Looking up he sees her looking down at him with a playful smile across her face; he laughs softly knowing that he has been played with some himself. For that he turns his head and sinks his teeth into the flesh of her inner thigh, biting playfully and sucking the flesh into his mouth. She cries softly, he suckles hard and quick. Pulling back slowly and letting the flesh slowly slide from his mouth, looking down and satisfied at the knowledge that he has drawn blood.

Flicking his eyes upward to meet her gaze, feeling the radiant energy of the moon upon them he rises and lifts her into his loving arms. She rests her face into the crook of his neck as he carries her outside laying her down in the wet grass. Kissing her so tenderly, another gaze into her eyes, a silent question passed between them. She nods every so slightly, smiling lovingly into his eyes, then he gazes up into the bright moon, smiling down upon them as if to give its approval. 

Leaning down he embraces her and wraps himself around her, kissing her with every loving beat of his heart. She whispers softly into his ear, "I am yours my love, I submit to you this night with a heart full of love." 

He whispers lovingly back, "Aye, my love. I accept this gift with loving thanks and know that you are my goddess and I worship thee with my last breath." 

He suckled her ear lobe gently into his mouth, flicking his tongue lightly across the outline of her ear and then withdrew. Taking her hand and helping her to her feet "Walk with me love." She follows willingly as he approaches a nearby tree, wind dancing joyously through the branches. As they approach she notices a blanket wrapped around the trunk of the tree, she smiles and bites her bottom lip gently. 

He laughs softly as she begins to understand the planning that went into this night. "Would you stand with your back against the tree my love and reach back to hug it?" 

She does as requested; he quickly and smoothly ties one end of a silk scarf around one wrist, then wrapping behind the tree to capture the other wrist. Making sure her bonds are snug but comfortable. 

He leans into her and kisses her again, suckling her lower lip, biting it. His hands moving up her body, cupping her breasts in each hand, holding it in such a fashion as to allow his thumb and finger to tease, flick and pinch her erect nipples. He backs away again and moves around the back of the tree. A few shuffling sounds reach her ears, then silence again as he moves around in front of her again, that ever present loving smile as he covers her eyes with a large black blindfold. 

He steps away and visually inspects the restraints again, waiting a few moments for dramatic effect. Noticing her ever so slightly wriggling and writhing against her bonds, testing her restraints, then smiling in satisfaction that she cannot escape them. 

Making sure to remain a discreet distance he reaches out with one hand and lightly moves his fingertips across her tummy. Watching as she instinctively withdraws from his touch out of surprise. Then taking two fingers and lightly caressing the outer folds of her nether lips, she softly sighs in gentle pleasure. 

He stands again and leans forward whispering again, "My love please spread your legs as wide as is comfortable for you." Noticing that she's complied he ads, "Now, you cannot close your legs. No matter what pleasure you feel, nor how weak your knees become. If you become uncomfortable or near collapse, simply tell me and I'll release you from your bonds, but not before." 

She nods in acceptance of the terms, imperceptibly bracing herself for what is to come. He kneels in front of her again, placing a hand on each hip, taking a long lick from the hood of her clit, down her slit and finally flicking the tender spot below her sex. Whispering into her sex, "I worship you in this most intimate fashion, giving you what you deserve for being who you are and what you do to the core of my soul." 

Slipping his tongue in between her folds and slowly massaging the pink tender flesh inside, moving up and down rhythmically. Slowly circling the entrance of her sex, flicking his tongue playfully back and forth. Hearing her moans drives his hunger to a more intense level, letting his tongue dart quickly inside of her. Pressing his lips to her and suckling the nectar from inside her, drinking it, letting its nourishment fill him.

He raises himself up and glides the shaft of his engorged member between her lips, massaging her folds with it, soaking it with her wetness. Tapping the head of his cock against her clit, whispering into her ear, "My love, is this what you desire, is this what you crave?" 

She growls deep in her throat, a hoarse broken "yes" escaping her lips, "Please, yes." 

Kissing her forehead he whispers almost imperceptibly, "no."

Quickly kneeling again, taking two fingers and forcing back the hood of her clit, suckling it hard and without preamble into his mouth, sucking it back and forth and forcing it to graze across his teeth. He holds her sweet clit between his teeth, lashing his tongue back and forth across it. 

Her moans get louder, her wetness dripping from her sex, clasping his lips harder around her pulsating nub, hearing her moan and growl as she reaches orgasm, feeling her knees shaking next him, growing weaker, instantly grasping each arm around her legs, letting her lean against him as he suckles even harder, moaning and humming into her clit as she cums yet again. 

He finally releases it as he slowly pulls his head back. Giving it a gentle kiss and raising up to release her bonds and let her lean completely against him. Picking her up in his arms and carrying her back into the cabin. Laying her gently on the bed and covering her, leaving her with a soft gentle kiss. "Sleep my love, welcome to Scotland and the rest of our lives."

Now as the waves continue crashing against the rocks below, he counts his blessings and gives silent thanks to the forces that brought all this into being. He smiles as he senses his love has arisen from her brief slumber and has walked out to join him near the edge of the cliff. "Your a shit, you do know that my beloved?" 

He laughs, "Yes my love, but as I recall even in the beginning you found that an endearing quality in me." 

They laugh together for a time and then after a moment of silence she whispers, "I want to have wild, unbridled, passionate and animalistic sex with you in the cabin while the thunderstorm progresses across this meadow." 

He flicks his eyes to her playfully, "But, dear one, there is no thunderstorm, the night is clear with naught a cloud in the sky." 

The weather had been teasingly lowering since she had slumbered. Now the impending storm knocked hard on the rocks below. She smiles, "Aye, for the moment my love." 

Suddenly the wind increases; dark ominous clouds invade the horizon. Lightning streaks across the sky in its natural brilliance; providing illumination to the earth below. The thunder booms announcing the birth of a new life. 

A few hours later they collapsed in each other's arms unaware of the world around them, the only care in the world is the remaining pulse that carries from their center and the breath they struggle to regain. Falling asleep in each other's arms and dreaming of lives past and dreams to come.