 Mike and I have this nice little earner. We have this old furniture van, and I mean old, but it's mechanically good and it keeps on going. We're also mechanically good and quite capable of servicing it ourselves and as it's a bread-winner we keep it up to scratch. We do local deliveries for all the stores that sell larger items. It's just not cost effective for each shop to possess their own delivery van and we service the local community quite nicely.

On this particular day we had a relatively light load and had already knocked off most of it. Barring a late special delivery, for which we'd charge more, we would deliver this last item and be off for the rest of the day.

The last item was a king-size bed. Frame and mattress. We fronted up to the address, knocked and asked the lady where she wanted us to put it. Upstairs, she says, and don't forget to assemble it. 

Upstairs is a pain and not really our job but I've found in cases like this it's faster to do as requested. Assembly was another thing entirely. We are supposed to be paid for assembly because of the work involved, and the store had stamped the invoice delivery only.

I apologised to the young lady. She was dogmatic. For such a pretty young lass she certainly knew what she wanted. She'd paid for delivery and assembly and that's what she was going to get. Fine by me, as long as I got paid. I rang the store and they confirmed delivery and assembly. I politely queried why we'd been paid delivery only.

There was a bit of to and fro and I agreed to assembly as soon as I received notification via text message or email. Getting money out of some people without supporting documentation is the sort of labour that would have defeated Hercules.

The email promptly arrived. Bastard had been trying it on, I was pretty sure. I mean, she'd paid for the assembly so it was our money, not his. He was just the collection agent.

Mike and I took the bed upstairs and the nightmare began. First we had to unpack the frame so she could examine it to make sure that it was the right bed and to make sure it wasn't scratched or faulty. Satisfied we were allowed to assemble it. Easy, right? Wrong.

She couldn't make up her mind where she wanted it. Could we hold the bedhead up over here? No. How about over here? No. While she dithered I got more irritable.

"Lady," I said, trying to be polite, "You can only have the bed against that wall or that wall. The en suite and walk-in robe preclude that wall. Against that wall you won't be able to pull the curtains or blinds. That leaves two walls. If you choose this wall it will fit but the bed will be crammed over to the side because of the door way. That leaves that wall, where you first tried it. May I suggest we get a move on and put it up against that wall?"

She conceded that I had a point and so Mike and I got to work. Assembly was reasonably easy for such a large object. Definitely a two-man job. We put the two side drawers next to it and tossed the mattress on. Whoever ordered the bed must have measured the room first. Bed and side drawers stretched right across the room. If there was a finger of space between the side drawers and the skirting board then it was a very narrow finger.

The young lady, turned out her name was Janet, was both excited and appalled. Excited because she finally had her new bed in place. Appalled because I don't think she'd realised what a large bed it was. Once I picked up one of the covers she had waiting on the dressing table and flipped it across the bed so she could see what it would look like made up the excitement won out. She was rapt in her new bed. She scrambled up onto it and sat bouncing in the middle of it, a huge smile on her face.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you," she cried. "It's wonderful. I can't wait to try it out properly."

Accuse me of having a one track mind if you will but I didn't think she was talking about sleeping in it. She bounced some more, getting a feeling for the springiness of the mattress. 

"Well, if you really want to try it out, why wait?" I asked.

As soon as she looked at me I started undoing my belt. Boy, did her eyes open wide.

"What are you doing?" she demanded.

"Getting ready to help you test the bed," I explained, undoing my zip.

"You're kidding. With him here," she said, looking over at Mike who was also looking a little stunned.

I found that comment very interesting. Not a case of are you crazy and get out of here but a query about the audience.

"Don't worry about Mike," I advised her. "He won't mind watching until it's his turn. As a matter of fact, Mike, how about you undress her for me while I get ready." 

Both of them were now looking at me as though I was nuts, but Janet wasn't refusing. She was still just lightly bouncing on the bed while I was pushing my trousers down, her eyes opening wider, if anything.

I frowned at Mike and jerked my head towards Janet and he jumped slightly and looked at her. He was close enough to the bed to be able to reach her so he reached over and took hold of her top and started lifting. She raised her arms and the top came up over her head with no problems. She looked excited and Mike looked as if he was going to have a heart attack.

He recovered quickly enough, undoing her bra and sliding it down her arms. He was blushing but she certainly wasn't, just looking more excited. Seeing my trousers were now off I sat on the bed, waving Mike away. He backed off and I undid the catch on Janet's shorts. Taking hold of them by the hems of the legs I tugged and wriggled them off her, leaving her lying on her new bed in a pair of tiny panties.

I left those there for the time being. One hand of mine covered her breasts. Very nice breasts they were. Not very large, probably a b-cup, but very shapely and a very nice pearl white which provided a marvellous backdrop to a pair of very shapely nipples.

As I said, one hand covered her breasts while my other hand was resting on her groin. I bounced her, quite vigorously, hands pressing down powerfully on her breasts and groin and then relaxing to let her bounce back up.

"A very nice bounce to the bed," I observed, bouncing her a few more time for luck while she squealed and gasped.

"You do understand what I'm going to do to you?" I asked, hands latching onto her panties.

She looked pointedly at my erection, giving me a 'Der' look, and nodded. 

"Are you going to protest and say no?" I asked curiously as I slowly drew her panties down.

That got me a scornful look and the shake of her head.

"As long as you know I'm going to be merciless," I drawled.

She put on a resolute face and then spoiled it by giggling.

Tossing her panties to one side I roughly spread her legs wide, leaving her completely exposed to me. One glance at her pussy was enough for me to see that she was ready for whatever I intended, her lips pouting and wet. If her pussy had a tongue it would have been licking those lips in anticipation.

I moved until I was looming above her, my erection hard and long hovering next to her, just brushing her lips. There was a look of expectation on her face with not the slightest sign of any trepidation. I lunged forward, spearing into her, driving fully into her to the sound of a shriek of delight.

Hands on her breasts, roughly playing with them, I proceeded to give that new bed a very thorough workout. I acted rough and tough and thoroughly enjoyed myself. Normally I would try to make sure I was doing things that my partner liked but in this instance I didn't bother. It seemed to me that all she was interested in was getting fucked and that's precisely what I did. I fucked her.

I was all hands and cock, my hands groping and touching and rubbing, while my cock pounded out its pleasure in her receptive passage. She bucked and squealed and gasped under me, her legs wrapped around me as she clung to me. She said a number of things while I possessed her, all of them loud and noisy, but none of them contained the word no.

I fucked her hard and I fucked her fast and she met me in the same frame of mind. When I was finally ready to shoot my load I didn't even stop to consider if she was ready or not. I just poured on the pressure, driving in harder than ever, finally exploding inside her. The fact that she happened to climax was pure happenchance. Not that she seemed to mind, shrieking her head off in delight.

I withdrew, spent, looking over at Mike. I noticed two little things. First, he was twirling his hand as if to indicate that he wanted her rolled over onto her tummy. I promptly obliged him. She squealed and tried to roll back onto her back, only to be stopped by a firm slap to her bottom and the command to get on her hands and knees.

The other thing I noticed? Mike is several inches smaller than me and doesn't have my heavy build. I'd guess that he's at least fifty pound short of my weigh. His erection, however, was every bit as big and fat as mine. As big as? I wouldn't be putting any money on him not being even bigger than me. Also, his smaller size made him look even larger.

While obediently on her hands and knees Janet craned her head around to look at Mike. Then she started wriggling around on the bed while remaining on her hands and knees. I couldn't work out what the hell she was doing at first, then I noticed she was looking to the side. There was a big dressing table there with a very large mirror attached. She was positioning herself so she was side-on to the mirror, giving her a view of what was happening.

Mike had always been observant and a quick learner. He noticed the trick with the mirror and promptly placed himself to give her a decent view. He has also seen how she'd reacted to my rough loving and was quite prepared to follow suit. He lined himself up, his cock barely touching her, letting her get a good view of what was coming. Then he waited.

The man had more patience than me. Also more than Janet. He just stayed there, just the tip of his cock engaged with, waiting. Eventually she broke.

"Do it, damn you," she groaned, following this up with a scream as he did it, driving fully in, hard and fast.

Now that he'd started he set to with a will, his cock beating out sweet music. The slapping of his groin against her was a continuing round of applause for his actions, with her providing vocal music as she conducted with her hips, moving them up and down at a frantic place.

His arms went around her and closed over her breasts, rubbing them and using them to help pull her towards him as he thrust into her. And all the time her eyes were on the mirror, watching her own ravishment.

Now I'll be honest with you. I get as horny as the next man. Maybe even hornier. I have no objections to entertaining a young lady several times. I've never really understood the mentality that reckons once a night is enough. I was already getting another erection and was seriously considering seconds.

Then I made the mistake of looking at her in the mirror and I could see the look on her face. Have you ever wondered what Mr Black Widow Spider sees when he watches Mrs Black Widow Spider walking towards him smiling? I suspected that he saw the same look that Janet was currently wearing on her face. A lustful hunger that wasn't going to be satisfied until his body was a dried husk that would blow away in the next breeze. 

Just like that I lost my erection and decided that Mike and I had another appointment that we simply had to make. It was going to be, so sorry, got to run, bye. I surreptitiously set up an alarm on my phone.

Mike was still going hell for leather. Janet was gasping and squealing and bouncing like crazy, all the time watching herself in the mirror. I got a bit of a shock the next moment, but it was nothing to the shock that Janet got.

Without losing a stroke Mike began slapping Janet's bottom in time to his thrust, yelling at her to get a move on and to put some effort into it. Telling her to make like she really means it.

Now I was laughing, Janet was looking completely shocked, and Mike was going for his end run. Maybe it was just his timing and maybe it was the spanking going along with the fucking that pushed her over the edge, but she climaxed again, the whole bed seeming to shake in time to the way she was shivering and shuddering. From Mike's antics I was pretty sure that he was climaxing also.

I gave the pair of them a few moments to separate and settle down. Then I pressed the button on my phone and the alarm sounded forth. I promptly snatch the phone out of my pocket and looked at it.

"Geez, Mike, we've got a pick-up in fifteen minutes. Get yourself together man. We've got to go."

I didn't give him a chance to say anything, turning to Janet instead.

"Sorry, Janet," I said quickly, "but we've got to run. You were magnificent. We'll have to catch up with you against sometime. Hopefully soon. Come on, Mike. If we miss the pick-up we'll lose the job."

With that I was hustling Mike out of there, still doing up his trousers. Janet was lying on the bed, still naked, watching us go, and looking a little surprised.

"What the fuck's your problem?" asked Mike as we got in the truck.

"Precognition," I told him calmly. "If we'd stayed any longer we were dead meat. She'd have chewed us up, spat out the remains, and buried them behind the house. That woman is dangerous."

Mike claims I was mad. I think I save our lives. The Black Widow thrives and it owns a king size bed.