 Dana rang the bell of the row house in the quiet LA town of Culver City. The building was elegant and well maintained, on a quiet tree-lined side street. The door opened a few inches and a face appeared, veiled in shadow. He asked dubiously "I'm sorry; I was looking for Travis McNamara?"

"No, you're in the right place. You must be Dana. Come on in."

The door opened wide and a small figure beckoned him in. He stepped into a high ceilinged room with soft grey furniture and wooden trim, painted a light tone of beige, the floor highly polished natural wood. His greeter was a short, shapely young woman his age or slightly older. Her straight, fringed hair was a deep shade of red; she had a pretty, unusual face with large green eyes, pouty lips and pale skin and wore a close fitting sleeveless emerald colored long dress that displayed her appealing shoulders and arms and emphasized her full bosom and small waist. "I'm Adrianna. Travis won't be home till early evening, he was delayed at work. He says he's very sorry, but he can't wait to see you. In the meantime he told me to entertain you. He left you a note."

She looked at him expectantly and handed him a sealed envelope. Tearing it open, Dana read: 'Sweet one, forgive me being late. I'll be all the more eager to see you again. Make yourself comfortable in the house and Adrianna and you can get to know each other. Allow her to entertain you; she's special!" The last sentence was underlined. 

Adrianna beckoned him to sit on one of the gray sofas. She took his case and left the room with it briefly. "You're in the room on the left. The afternoon is getting on; how about a cocktail?" A little nervous, Dana assented. She brought a tray with two clinking glasses of pale liquid."

"You must be a friend of Travis'. Have you known him long?"

"I've known Travis a year or so; he's a sweet guy. I met him through his best friend, Richard. That's who I belong to. Richard is really nice too. He's British, and quite rich, but very warm and generous. Have you been seeing Travis long? You look too young to have been with him for much time; he's not a cradle robber."

Dana was slightly taken aback by the frankness of his hostess' conversation, but took a sip of his drink and tried to relax. He acknowledged that he had only known Travis for a week, though they had corresponded for longer.

"He's been talking about you a lot. He really likes you. Looking at you, I can see why. You look like a sweet, smart, sensitive person. That's the only type we have in our little group; all close friends. Do you only like men, or do you like girls too? Has he whipped you yet? Did that get you off? It stings like fury when Richard canes me, but I also come all over the place. I don't know why it's so exciting; I guess it makes me feel that I just want to submit to him, be his devoted slave. I let him do anything he likes to me; whip me, fuck my ass, come on my face...but he's very good to me. Does Travis like to give golden showers? Richard loves that, except he goes so much, I'm practically drowning."

Dana was further confounded by the extreme frankness of the conversation. But the drink had relaxed him, and in a way it was reassuring that he did not have to pretend in front of this very attractive and outgoing young person, who evidently shared his experiences and who could no doubt give some insight into his new friend and the hobby. He admitted that he had been whipped several times already. The last weekend had introduced him to many new activities...he had not really had time to sort them out in his mind. He did know that he really liked Travis. He also felt himself warming to Adrianna, whose manner was so attractive, friendly and confiding. And yes; he shared her feelings of wanting to submit, be a slave to someone he looked up to.

Adrianna noted the diminishing level in his glass and brought two fresh drinks. On the tray was a hand-rolled cigarette. She sat down next to him, sinking into the cushions. "Do you like to get high? This is good stuff; smoke a little with a cocktail, it really makes you feel dreamy and sexy. Everything sensual gets enhanced; takes you to a new place."

"I haven't tried it, but I know it's nonsense when they say it's addictive. I'm game if you are." She gave him an opaque glance, lit the joint and drew in a lungful, which she held down for several seconds. After a pause she expelled it and sighed. She passed it to him. "This is good stuff; only take a little draw. When you're not used to it you'll have a coughing fit if you overdo it."

Dana followed her advice and took only a small hit, following it with a swallow of his cocktail. He was definitely feeling relaxed. The shadows and subtle coloring of the room were most appealing; Adrianna's scent, smoky and exotic, drifted past. She settled herself on the sofa and pressed her leg against his. She leaned over him to take the jay; her bosom pressed against his chest. He caught her glance; her eyes were large and beautiful, with a mysterious expression. She spoke in a husky tone.

"So, you didn't answer, do you like girls as well as boys?"

"To be truthful, I've led a quiet life. I haven't had a lot of experience. That is, until I met Travis. We did a lot of new things together, and I liked them all. Everything has been changing pretty fast. So far, it's been wonderful. I hope it stays that way. I haven't had a really close friend; my parents were old, and cold. It's like a new world has opened for me."

Her breathing had become quicker; she pressed against him.

"You still haven't answered me. Do you like me? Because I like you. I'd like to make it with you."

"I do like you; you're friendly and very pretty and sexy. But what would Travis say about that? I don't want to hurt him; it's early days, but he seems really caring."

"Travis would like it. After all, that's what he said in his note, wasn't it? He wants me to entertain you. In our circle, that means in bed. No doubt about it at all, believe me."

She leaned towards him and kissed his cheek. She smelled wonderful, clean and fresh, sweet and exotic. She moved her lips and nipped his earlobe with her sharp little white teeth, then stuck her wet tongue in his ear. "Don't worry; I promise you Travis won't be jealous at all. We're very open minded in our circle. He's whipped me and fucked my ass several times, anyway." She took his hand and pressed it to her breast. "Would you like to suck on my tits? You can do that, and then I'll suck your cock."

The stimulants and the new environment conspired to excite Dana's young blood beyond any restraints. He reached behind his exotic companion and unzipped her dress. Slipping it off her shoulders, he saw two beautiful, round, pink tipped breasts. With a gasp he moved to take one in his mouth. Adrianna moaned, and stroked the bulge in his pants. They caressed each other for several minutes; then she unzipped his fly, and slithered to her knees. His cock stood to attention. Regarding him inscrutably, she maintained eye contact while she lowered her red lips to him and took him into her mouth. The ensuing sensation was so exquisitely intense that he cried out. She moved her mouth up and down him a couple more times, then stopped.

"I can teach you how to give the best blow jobs. I can show you how Travis likes it best. Let's go to bed; it'll be even better."

She led him by the hand into a spacious bedroom and folded back the coverlet. She kneeled before him and untied his shoes, then pulled off his slacks, socks and underwear. She unbuttoned his shirt and guided him to lie on his back on the bed. She leaned over him and sucked him for a few seconds, causing him to squirm in ecstasy. She stood up, and with her back to him pulled off her dress. Under it she wore only a red thong that enhanced her perfect buttocks which, Dana observed, were marked by a number of thin red horizontal stripes. She pulled down the thong and turned naked to face him. The first thing he noted was the marvelous globes of her breast, Then, as his glance travelled downwards, he saw with astonishment that she had a small but perfectly shaped set of cock and balls, framed in gossamer hair, stirring under his gaze.

"Surprised? Don't be afraid. You like boys too, remember? Richard had the best plastic surgeon make my tits. This way, I can be more for him. Move over a little."

She pressed her naked body against his, kissed him and fondled his penis. Dana gripped her delicate shaft and began to manipulate it. After a few moments she slid her body upside down and put his cock in her, or his -- Dana really didn't know which term to use - mouth. Her cock stood stiffly out in front of his face. He opened his mouth, cupped her small round testes, and began to suck her in the same rhythm that she was doing to him. With his other hand he explored her soft buttocks and passed his fingers across her anal entrance, a perfect raised circle. Cautiously he slipped a finger inside, and was promptly overwhelmed by the extreme satiny softness of the inside passage. She gasped and took his cock out of her mouth. Angling her head, she began to caress his anus with her tongue, circling it with the tip, then probing inside. He reciprocated, and they devoted several minutes to ecstatically licking the other's asshole. 

Dana tried to emulate her extraordinarily sensitive caressing; he found her musky taste highly erotic. She licked his balls, then took each one into her mouth and sucked gently on it. "Would you like to fuck me in the ass? Or would you like me to fuck your ass? It tastes so sweet! But it's getting late; we'd better finish up. We'll have plenty of time later to get acquainted. Travis and Richard are going to take us to dinner in Hollywood tonight."

With that she re-addressed her mouth to his cock, and Dana did the same. Their tempo increased in unison; they uttered small cries of delight; together they felt the urge build, and climaxed simultaneously, squirting copiously as each swallowed the other's come. Sighing with pleasure, Adrianna reoriented herself and kissed Dana deeply. He could taste his come on her lips and, he supposed, her own on his. They lay happily entwined, slightly sweaty, relaxed in the big soft bed as the daylight passed.

Dozing, Dana heard the front door open and started nervously. "Hello, young people! I'm glad you are getting to know one another!" It was Travis' warm tone."Richard's here with me."

Adrianna slipped off the bed and trotted naked, her bottom wiggling, into the living room. She went up to the second man -- an older, but very handsome man with silver hair and a pleasant smile that reminded Dana of Travis -- and flung her arms around his neck, kissing him passionately. He reciprocated enthusiastically and Dana, following her lead, advanced equally nude. As soon as he saw Travis he knew he was in the right place, that everything was all right. Travis' delight was clearly written on his face. He looked Dana up and down with approbation. "I'm so happy to see you. I missed you so much. Come and give me a kiss." Dana shyly advanced and embraced his lover. He opened his mouth to Travis' passionate lips and the two couples, one of each pair fully dressed and the other stark naked, embraced and kissed for long minutes. .