 I had just arrived at my best friends house after a long day at work. Anthony, April, Bianca, and I had made plans to meet up after work and play some board games while having a few drinks. This had been a normal Friday for the four of us and nothing seemed unusual as the day progressed. However, upon my arrival I felt an odd tension lingering in the room. It was as if my presences had just dropped a heavy weight on everyone. "What's up guys!" I yelled as I entered the apartment, trying to bring some kind of positive energy into the room.

"HEY YOU!" April yelled as she broke out of her funk and jumped up to give me a welcome hug and kiss on the cheek. I then made my way to my girlfriend, Bianca, and gave her a large squeeze that was followed by an equally large kiss, before gaving Anthony our typical handshake. 

Something just didn't sit right with their moods. Tension and awkwardness filled the room in an obvious fashion. Telling me that something was amiss. Yet before long, Anthony, gestured at me to go outside and have a few cigarettes with him.

I could tell that he needed to tell me something. However, that "something" turned out to be much more than I was expecting. A "something" that would change the course of our relationship forever.

After a few moments of silence he finally spoke by saying, "It finally happend."

I followed this statement with a look of GREAT concern and interest. "What do you mean? What happend? Everyone seems...off...tonight." I replied as my curiosity was peaking.

"April, Bianca, and I."

"What?! No fucking way! You can't possibly mean..." I replied as my body shook in wild emotion. I trembled in fear and concern, afraid of what he was about to tell me as my heart prepared itself for the answer.

"Yeah...we finished up just before you got here. I wasn't expecting things to escalate the way they did, but it all fell into place. I wasn't expecting anything to happen, but I won't lie by telling you that I didn't want it to happen."

Son of a bitch...

They had done it...

Anthony and April had fucked my girlfriend...

I immediately retreated from the idea, by leaning back in my chair and taking a drag from my cigarette. As I did this I tried to convince myself that what my ears had heard was incorrect. That I must have just misunderstood him or that he was implying something else. However, my hearing was true and a sudden surge of interest sparked in me like a freshly lit candle. "Tell me everything!"

You see, recently I have been having thoughts of watching my girlfriend with another man. Not just anyone though. I wanted it to be someone close to us so that we could talk about it for years to come. How we enjoyed the same woman, shared her luscious body, her soft skin, perky breasts, plump ass, but primarily...my kinks and fetish's through her. The thought of it being Bianca, made it all the more "taboo" due to the fact that she had always been quite conservative and shy in nature. I had only mentioned this fantasy once to her and the fantasy was immediately shot down by her, due to the fact that she didn't like the idea of me not being a protective figure.

Regardless of my desires, I wanted to make sure she didn't have any deep fantasies that she may have been holding back out of fear of how I would react. I didn't want her trying new things behind my back, especially if they were interests that I wanted to explore as well. I was unsure of how she would answer, but I wasn't surprised at her negative feelings towards the issue when she found out that I wanted to see her with another man/threesome, regardless of it being mmf or ffm. In her mind, I was her protector and if I let another man touch her sexually, she wouldn't feel safe with me around anyone. 

Yet the fantasy remained in my thoughts like an incurable virus. It wasn't just an interest, it was a NEED. The thought of seeing her dressed sexually while watching another man caress her drove me wild. Watching and studying him explore her in a pair of pantyhose or in a sexy costume would drive me to ecstasy. Therefore, it was common for me to share this desire with Anthony and April, due to the fact that they weren't judgmental towards me or my fetishes. They were also the first friends that I picked for this fantasy.

Bianca is a sweet and innocent woman. She always dresses very conservatively unless she is dressing for work. In which case she was required to wear office attire. This normally consisted of skirts, pantyhose (normally black or brown, but she did have a pair of white pantyhose that she occasionally sported as well), heels, tight button down dress shirts, and light jewelry. Anyone in their right mind would yearn to have her. Seeing her dress like this every morning is a dream come true and I often think of how the other guys at her work stare at her. They were most likely attracted to her nylon clad legs as she walked around in her sexy high heels, flexing her calves with every step. Her legs were skinny, yet held some tone in her calves from wearing heels constantly while sporting long dark brown hair and a pair of thick black glasses. She also only stood about 5'3" and was of Mexican decent with soft dark brown skin.

If truth be told she is a goddess and many of my friends would fuck her in an instant without second thought about my feelings. I wouldn't blame them if she ever threw herself at them sexually. They all respected the boundaries save for light flirting and moderate touching, which I allowed because they were never aggressive about it or made her feel uncomfortable.

Anthony explained to me in detail about the night it all went down. His voice was shaky and a bit shameful. He was most certainly nervous about how I would react to it. Yet he felt obligated to tell me, knowing that I had to hear it. Was I going to be ok with this? Was I going to be upset? Either way I needed it to happen and I needed to know the details.

The plan had been to go over to Anthony and Aprils house after we all got off work for drinks and board games. This was a usual Friday for us so I never thought anything of it. However, I guess this night turned out to be a little different...

Anthony explained to me that they weren't expecting Bianca to get to their house until around 8 or 9pm. He and April, decided that they had a bit of time to have some fun before company arrived. I wasn't off work till 9:45pm and Bianca normally worked till 7:30pm. Therefore, in there minds they had plenty of time to mess around for a bit before getting presentable.

April was 5'6" and a bit thinker, but in a good way as she sported a plump large ass, sexy pale legs, large busty breasts, and long dirty blond hair. Her personality was outgoing and bubbly (if that makes any sense) which made it extremely welcoming for people to talk to her. She was also bisexual and reeeeeeally wanted to have a four way with all of us. Not because she was entirely interested in me, but because she was extremely attracted to Bianca.

April would find any reason to touch Bianca in ways that were innocent to Bianca yet stimulating to her. Whether it was a light stroke of her legs or hips to full on groping her breasts, she would always find an excuse to touch her. Bianca would always brush it off as just playful banter and move on.

For example, one year during a Halloween party, Bianca dressed up as Chun Li from Street Fighter. She wore the entire get up that consisted of white knee high boots, sheer brown pantyhose (they were high end pantyhose too, softest pair I have ever had the pleasure of touching), the blue costume, and the white buns in her hair. After a few drinks, April decided to grope Bianca. She felt all the way from her boots, up her legs, then finished by stroking her small ass while lifting her skirt. This revealed the entirety of her ass to several patrons at the party including Anthony. I watched his eyes light up in extreme fascination. April also made it a point to molest her nylon clad legs before giving her perky ass a squeeze and a few slaps. Bianca waved this off, because they had both had a bit to drink, but for Anthony and everyone else it was an extremely arousing sight to behold.

Moving on with the story, Bianca had text me the day it happend, saying that she had gotten off from work early and that she was just going to head straight there so that she didn't have to drive all the way home to change and then drive all the way back to their place. We both had keys to their apartment because we were constantly hanging out there and I always wanted her to feel like she had a place to go if she was ever bored. I understood her reasoning and went about my day. Part of me was also hoping that this would lead to her getting more familiar with Anthony and April, which it did. There had been numerous occasions where she would go over there to hang out and have a glass or two of wine with April. There was also a time when she was feeling anxious and just needed some company, while I was at work, so she hung out with Anthony alone. He would always assure me that nothing ever happend and he had no reason to lie to me due to the fact that he had my blessing to engage in any kind of sexual activity with her.

This thought festered in my head for months until it finally happend. That one fateful night will forever haunt me, ONLY, due to the fact that I wasn't there to watch. I remember her attire that day being very appropriate for the work place, but anyone in the right mind would have taken a second look at her.

Bianca wore black suede platform heels with a golden zipper, brown sheer "Legg's" pantyhose with no control top, a tight black above the knee skirt, and a red blouse that showed just hint of cleavage due to her black push up bra.

Anthony described the incident like this...

April went into the bedroom to put on something sexy as he waited for her on the living room couch.

She quickly returned wearing a pink and black corset, with pink lace panties, a black garter belt, and black stockings.

Needless to say he went to the bedroom and proceeded to indulge his desires for her. However, the couple had barely reached foreplay before Bianca used her key on the door and walked in wearing her sexy office attire.

Biancas presence went unnoticed for awhile until she went searching for her hosts. She knocked on the door to their bedroom, giving them quite the scare. This caused Anthony to quickly cover himself with the bed sheets while April donned a black silky night gown before opening the door to the bedroom. "Hey Bianca! We were just taking a quick nap before you guys came over." April lied, knowing that it was a piss poor attempt to cover up the awkward situation.

"Riiiiiiiight. So do you always wear nylons to sleep April?" Bianca teased as she pointed down to Aprils exposed hosiery.

"YUP every time!" April jokingly replied back. "Why are you here so early? We weren't expecting you till later."

"I got off early and didn't feel like driving all the way home to change and then drive ALLL the way back up here. I can come back later if you guys want some alone time."

"What? NO NO NO come in and hang out with us." April encouraged. Anthony could hardly believe her boldness. "I'll just wait out here in the living room till you guys are done. I don't want to intrude." Bianca insisted, but April kept pressuring her into their bedroom.

"Wow you look really hot in your work outfit doesn't she babe?"

"Lemme see, I can't see her from the bed." Anthony replied. Bianca took a few steps into the bedroom so that he could get a clearer look. This gesture sealed her fate as she shyly inched her way into the bedroom. She was a bit shocked when she saw his shirtless body, instinctively gazing upon him. It was clear as day that he was naked underneath their linens.

Seeing Anthonys shirtless body, with the sheets barely covering his pelvis, was most likely the initial trigger for what transpired. There was no doubt that she found him attractive, yet she never suspected to see him in this manner. "Holy shit Bianca you're a babe. Really diggin the skirt and heels. You look great!" He complimented as he stared her up and down. Looking in amazement as she bashfully modeled her attire.

"Right? Look at these legs!" April said as she instantly gave Biancas calves a rub. Her hands softly slid against the nylon fabric that encased Biancas legs with little resistance from her prey. He watched as April slid her hands along Biancas legs, which clearly made Bianca a bit uncomfortable. Yet, according to Anthony, she gave little resistance save for her pulling her legs closer together. This was most likely an attempt to make it more difficult for April to wander any higher, exposing her privates.

Bianca was blushing at all the attention as she allowed April to caress her legs. "Why are you still wearing your heels? Your feet must be tired after working all day. Take those things off." April commanded.

"They are really sore. I hate having to wear heels everyday at work." Bianca said as she made her way to the foot of the bed and sat down. She proceeded to unzip her heels and remove them from her small feet, tossing them to the floor before giving them a quick rub. It was at this moment that April made her finishing move, leaving both Anthony and Bianca speechless.

Without warning April untied her silk gown and let it fall to the floor revealing her outfit right in front of Bianca. "What are you doing?" Her voice sounded extremely nervous and concerning. "Shut up and let us play with you. Trust me...your man is cool with it." April said as she exerted her dominance over my smaller girlfriend by pushing her to her back, landing partially on Anthonys legs. Her lips immediately finding their way to Biancas body. "Wait what? April wait...I don't..." Bianca was suddenly silenced by April aggressively lifting her tight skirt and revealing her entirely hosed lower body. April followed this up by burying her face into Biancas hosed crotch which caused her to gasp in pure shock and what seemed to be a hint of pleasure. "Holy shit babe take it easy." Anthony claims he protested, but admitted that his cock was raging at the sight of his girlfriend buried in Bianca. He said that he instinctively placed his hands on Biancas shoulders in an attempt to provide some kind of comfort, but primarily out of a desire to touch her soft skin. Her head was now resting itself on his legs sending him into disbelief.

It was happening...

Biancas reaction was to grab the nearest object and bury her face in it. This happened to be a nearby pillow. Once it covered her face she moaned into it, shrieking in pleasure and embarrassment as her groin was invaded by another woman. She was trying to hide her guilt as April feasted on her crotch through her hosiery. He noticed her toes were clenched and her thighs were tight around Aprils head, forcing April to fight through the pressure. Yet, despite her efforts, the aggression pressed on.

Anthony began to massage Biancas shoulders, in an attempt to relax her tense body. From his angle he was able to see down her blouse and into her cleavage, causing his eagerness to get the better of him as he immediately forced his hands down her shirt. He gave her small breats several hard squeezes while forcing her blouse to fall lower and lower, revealing her black pushup bra.

Anthony claims that she resisted his grib by grabbing his wrists and pushing him off. Yet, he presisted by aggressively placing his hands back down her bra and massaging her breasts. Pinching her erect nipples between his finger tips with brut force unto she eventually gave in. Her hands focused on the pillow that covered her face as she allowed her body to be overwhelmed.

Once he was given access to her, Anthony, removed the bed sheets and revealed his naked body. He recalls seeing Bianca peek at him as he repositioned himself to gain a more comfortable position. Once settled, he made it a point to keep his cock near her face that was still buried in the pillow. The angle provided full access to which ever part of her body he desired to touch. He continued to massage her small perky breasts while moving her blouse further down until it was around her waist. He admitted that he enjoyed the fabric of her bra cupped in his hands as he forced her breasts together into a single mass.

Anthony would inch his cock closer and closer to her pillow covered face until she realized its presence. When his tip finally touched her cheek, it caused her to sky away, but the soft touch on his cock was far to pleasing for him to not continue. Therefore, every time she moved away, his mast would follow in pursuit, pressing lightly against her soft cheek. It grazed against the same spot over and over until she finally took hold of it with one hand in a fit of frustration, giving it a hard squeeze which nearly made Anthony burst from her shockingly warm grip. Yet despite the warmth of her grasp, he was able to keep his composure.

Biancas grip was firm as his cock fought back by throbbing and twitching in her hand. He then watched as she removed the pillow from her face and placed his balls entirely into her mouth. The sensation was unexpected and caused him to face plant into her stomach. He felt his balls flood into her mouth, causing his cock to surge with more blood. Followed by the sensation of her tongue swirling around them with perfect finesse, sending him into a deep euphoria. This sudden change in interest was extremely unexpected due to her once bashful nature, yet was obviously a welcome gesture.

Anthony then tapped April on the head and gestured to let him have a turn feasting on Bianca. She complied quitely while slowly removing herself from Biancas thighs. Anthony then began to place soft kisses down Biancas stomach towards her nylon covered pelvis. Once he reached her intimates, the smell of her sexual frustration filled his nostrils with excitement. The combination of her fluids mixing with the nylon was a fascinating new sensation. Tasting and smelling every inch of her pelvis through the dampness of the nylon encasing the lower half of her body was intoxicating. He felt her resist slightly by pulling her hips deeper into the mattress. This was unacceptable to Anthony as he forcefully grinded his cock across her face, causing her to accept his steel back into her mouth.

As the couple 69'd each other, April began licking and sucking on Biancas hosed feet. Keeping a firm hold on her legs as she spread them open for her partner. This, in combination with Anthonys body weight, left Bianca completely helpless to them. Bianca would continue to question her current situation, but was utterly helpless. Her thoughts and feelings were most certainly conflicted, yet her body grew more and more accepting of all these glorious sensations.

Soon Biancas hands began to wander Anthonys back and hips as she sucked on his throbbing cock. At this point it was clear that she was enjoying all the attention she was receiving. It was like night and day. Her once hesitant nature became an obsessive yearning for pleasure. Her feet unclenched and came to a seductive arch, massaging Aprils body and face as April soaked them in saliva. He felt her legs and hips relax as he continued to aggressively lick and suck her crotch through the fabric. 

Biancas nylons grew wetter and wetter, dampening the fabric all the way down her thighs. She was loving it! Anthony felt her ever growing hunger as she gorged his cock down her throat repeatedly. It was as if she had been yearning to taste his cock for quite some time. Luckily the feeling was mutual as both Anthony and April had been wanting to enjoy her since their first meeting. Therefore, the intensity of licks grew wilder and his hands gripped her thighs tightly.

This continued for awhile until Anthony repositioned himself ontop of Bianca, and was now face to face with her. He pushed his cock firmly against her pelvis and began to dry hump her through her nylon clad pelvis.
