 Cheryl went along to the cheerleader tryouts determined, but not really expecting, to win the spot. It wasn't that she didn't have the skills, she did. She knew she was every bit as good as, or even better than, the other two girls trying for the unexpected vacancy.

The killer where she was concerned was that the other two girls were way more popular than Cheryl and Cheryl was that little bit older. At eighteen, Cheryl would only be on the team for a year, whereas the other two girls would be there for two or three years, if they made it. Also, Cheryl didn't have the knack of making friends easily. One of her reasons for wanting to become a cheerleader was the hope of meeting and getting better acquainted with some of the other girls.

Peeping out from backstage while Marie did a series of backflips, Cheryl scanned the audience. Half the current cheerleaders were there, as was to be expected. While the cheerleading captain and vice-captain would make the final decision, all the other girls would be having their say, nominating why their favourite should win.

Having the girls there watching her didn't bother Cheryl. She'd been expecting that. What did take her by surprise and make her just that little bit more nervous was that Tony Jenson, the quarterback, was sitting behind the captain and vice, muttering to them as Marie performed.

"What" she wondered, "was he doing there? Did he have a favourite he wanted in the team?"

Marie had finished performing and was now being grilled by the captain and vice. And they weren't holding back just because she was popular.

Then Marie was withdrawing, sweating and smiling, and Cheryl was on.

She'd practised this. She knew her routine by heart. She was not going to be distracted by the audience. She sailed into her routine, her confidence building as she went, knowing she was performing flawlessly.

Finishing with a back-flip and twist that left her facing the audience, Cheryl bowed. And then the grilling started. They must, thought Cheryl after a few minutes, have been holding back on Marie. She was sure that they hadn't been so hard on her. She struggled on, gamely answering all the questions tossed to her.

"That routine you did," Stella, the captain, said. "I haven't seen that done before. Where did you learn it?"

"Ah, that was my own composition," admitted Cheryl. "I've been studying choreography and I applied a bit of that to create a couple of routines of my own."

"Hmm. It was certainly different," said Stella. "That'll be all for now. We'll let you know what we decide. Who's next?"

"She hated it," thought Cheryl dismally. "Why didn't I stick to one of the routines they currently do?"

The eternal why hammered loud in her brain as she watched Janet, the third contender, doing exactly that, springing and flipping all over the stage as though she was already in the team. And, Cheryl noticed, her grilling was the lightest of the lot.

The three girls waited, watching the team chatter, discussing the pros and cons of the three contestants.

"Why," asked Marie, "is Tony there. He's a player. Not a cheerleader."

"That's because he's a very good judge," said Janet. "He doesn't actually have a say on who gets into the team but if he gives a thumb's down then that person won't be selected. But from what I've seen he hasn't given any of us a thumb's down. So it's up to Stella to decide who's best, which will be me, naturally."

A short while later the girls were summoned back on stage. 

"Thanks to all of you for trying out," she said. "You all provided excellent performances and I'm sure each of you would be a credit to the team. Unfortunately, we can only choose one person today, as you know.

Cheryl, we were most impressed by you doing your own routine. It was really well done. The biggest problem we have on the team right now is the sort of imagination that can devise new routines and make them actually work. 

Your demonstrating that talent has swayed the decision in your favour and I'd like to welcome you to the team.

Marie, Janet, you both gave excellent performances and we will call on you without further auditions if we get any more vacancies in the team. Thank you for coming."

Marie and Janet departed. Marie disappointed, but hopeful for the next time, and Janet disappointed and furious.

Cheryl was stunned, but moved forward to receive the congratulations of the team. And from Tony. He gave her a wink, said well done and vanished.

"You owe Tony a vote of thanks," Stella told her. "We had just about decided to flip a coin to pick the winner when he pointed out that with Barbara gone we'll need additional choreography. And the routine you did was good. Very good. We're hoping you can expand that sort of thing into a team effort.

But don't panic over it. We do have an official choreographer. You'll be a sort of unofficial assistant and we'll see how things develop. Your acrobatic skills alone will keep you on the team."

Cheryl was floating on air for the next few days. When she received her cheerleader uniform she promptly put it on and posed in front of the mirror, gloating. She didn't quite go to the extent of taking some selfies and posting them, but it was close.

On the night of her first full practise for the squad, Cheryl was at the auditorium almost half an hour early, wearing her new uniform and a smile that just bubbled up out of her. Too early, she knew, but she was quite happy to wait, just excited at being there.

Cheryl was somewhat startled when Tony, the quarterback, wandered into the auditorium. 

"Uh, hullo," she said, feeling a little nervous. "I didn't know that you came to the practises."

"Uh, hullo, yourself," Tony said, teasing her. "I don't. I took a little bet with myself that you'd be here nice and early and thought I'd drop by to say well done." 

Cheryl blushed.

"Ah, thank you," she said. "Stella said that I owe you a vote of thanks for swinging the decision in my favour."

"Not really," Tony told her. "Stella wanted you anyway, because you gave the best display, but she needed something extra because of the cheer squads there for Marie and Janet. Your choreography got her off the hook nicely. You won fair and square.

Anyway, now that you're here in your nice new outfit, smile. I want a picture."

Feeling self-conscious, Cheryl smiled, while Tony whipped out his smart phone and took a couple of shots. Dropping the phone back in his pocket he walked towards her.

"I hope you won't be too embarrassed, but I'm now going to do something reprehensible," he told Cheryl, smiling with mischief.

Cheryl looked at him, puzzled and smiling a little nervously. Then she gave a startled squeal as he suddenly lifted her skirt and pulled down her panties. She stared down at him as he crouched at her feet, looking up at her. Looking up at her face, she noticed, not up her dress.

"Come on, now," Tony chided. "Lift your feet, there's a good girl."

Before she fully understood what was happening Tony was backing away, her panties hanging out of his pocket.

"Give them back," Cheryl said desperately. "I can't practise without them."

"You won't have to," Tony reassured her. "I'll return them in a minute. Just smile for the camera."

Cheryl smiled, making damn sure her skirt wasn't riding up, while Tony took another couple of shots. 

"Don't worry," Tony told her, laughing. "The only ones who will know what's not under your skirt will be you and me. There's nothing showing that shouldn't."

He came back over to her, panties half out of his pocket. Cheryl waited, her hand out to retrieve them, and promptly got caught out again. Moving closer, he slipped his hands up under her top, pushing her bra up and off her breasts. This time, she noticed, he managed to drag his hands slowly across her breasts as her took them out again.

"Leave it for a moment for just one more photo," Tony told her. "Just think, you'll see these and know that you're naked under your uniform and no-one but us knows."

A couple more shots of a fiercely blushing Cheryl and Tony slipped his phone away.

"There, you see," He said. "All finished and no harm done."

Strolling back over to Cheryl, Tony smiled and slid his hands up under her top again. Not to help straighten her bra, Cheryl found, but to take possession of her breasts. She gasped as he squeezed them, his fingers finding and lightly pinching her nipples.

"Nice breasts," he murmured, while Cheryl gasped and tried to pull away.

"Thank you but they're mine and so I think you should release them," she gasped.

To her relief Tony sighed and lowered his hands, though he did drag them across her breasts as they left. Her relief was short lived as Tony's hands slid up under her skirt, lifting it out of the way while his hands went around to cover her bottom.

"Tony," she hissed her protest, acutely aware of her lack of panties and his hands only inches from some very sensitive areas. "Cut it out, will you?" 

For answer, Cheryl found herself being pulled against Tony. The front of her skirt was also up she found. She knew this because she could feel Tony pressing against her naked flesh. At least she assumed that was Tony. She hadn't noticed him carrying any bats with him.

"What do you think you're doing, Tony?" she demanded.

She felt herself being rubbed against that shaft of his, although when he'd taken it out of his trousers she didn't know.

"You really don't know?" Tony asked, his voice sounding amazed at her lack of knowledge.

Cheryl blushed, part anger, part embarrassment. Of course she knew what he was doing, and he damn well knew she knew.

"Of course I know. What I want to know is why?"

"It's part of the quarterback's duties," Tony said. "I'm supposed to properly greet every new cheerleader. You know how it is, a duty is a duty and I feel I have to do this." 

"Well I have a boyfriend and I don't think he'd appreciate you greeting me this way. Do you seriously expect me to believe you greet all the cheerleaders like this?"

"Well, only the female ones," Tony admitted. "Adrian said I was discriminating against the men but I told him where he could go."

"Adrian's gay?" asked Cheryl, forgetting for a moment that Tony's cock was still pressed against her tummy. 

"As queer as a three dollar bill," murmured Tony, "but a nice chap for all that."

The next moment Cheryl found herself being lifted. She could feel Tony's cock dragging against her as he lifted her, moving down across her mons and she could feel the thickness of the shaft pressing against her slit.

"Enough, Tony," gasped Cheryl. "Put me down."

She should have been more specific she realised as she felt herself being lowered. Tony's erection was in place and she settled onto it, her lips yielding and letting it slide up into her. Or her down onto it, would be more accurate, she knew.

"Tony!!!," Cheryl gasped, feeling herself continue to settle.

"Oh my god," she gasped, as her passage stretch to accommodate the intruder.

"Tony," she wailed as she found herself grounded, Tony's erection fully inside her.

Cheryl found her legs seeming to rise of their own accord, wrapping around Tony's waist. 

"You're not going to stop if I tell you to, are you?" she grumbled.

Tony smiled at her, shaking his head.

"Bastard," she muttered, lifting herself up his shaft a little and then relaxing so she dropped back again. 

"Well, I can't stop you," she said, rising again and then dropping. 

"Do your worst," she gasped, again sliding along his cock. "I won't fight it."

Her back to the wall, her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist, Cheryl felt Tony plunging deep, withdrawing and driving home again.

Legs flexing smoothly, Cheryl moved with Tony, sliding up and down in time to his fierce upward thrusts. Flitting through the back of her mind came the thought that acrobatics were designed to make sex easier. Her fitness and training made it a simple matter to ride Tony. She could keep this up for as long as he could.

Their movements slowly increased in speed, with the pair of them coming together joyously, body joined to body, the friction that made them one increasing, until it threatened to tear them apart.

To Tony's delight he saw Cheryl win their race, her climax coming ahead of his own. He felt her stiffen against him and quickly covered her mouth with his, stifling her cries. At the same time he groaned, and released himself, holding Cheryl tight as he pumped frantically into her.

Finally disengaging, Tony nodded towards the change rooms. 

"You'd better have a quick shower and head out to the practice field," he said, handing Cheryl her panties.

Taking then Cheryl turned towards the change room, then paused.

"On the field?" she asked. "The message I got was to meet here at the auditorium."

"Um, yes, I know," admitted Tony. "But that was to give you some privacy while you said hullo to me. The team will be on the field. You're due there in ten minutes so you'd better hurry."

Giving Tony an old fashioned look Cheryl turned towards the change room again, then paused again.

"Would it be polite for me to point out that half the cheerleaders are under-age and if you greeted them the way you greeted me you'd be arrested?"

"Never fear. They're all quite safe. I have a list of the under-age girls and the dates that they become legal. They generally remind me well in advance when their birthday is approaching."

Tony shook his head sadly. "The quarterback's life is hard," he said gravely, "but I do my best."