 I am a 29 year old man who became a dentist four years ago from a college in Maine and who opened a practice in Miami. I wanted the warm weather and also I love to fish and so I picked my practice location for those reasons. Since I was just starting and had no money, I set up my equipment in an old house which was owned by my uncle and who hadn't used it for a few years. Our arrangement was for me to keep it up so that its value would stay up and I could stay there for as long as I liked. It was a deal I couldn't refuse. Also, it was near a very good neighborhood where there might be a lot of well-heeled patients. I set up my office in the ground floor and lived in the second floor so my house and business rents were for free.

About a week after I started, I got my first call from a woman who wanted to come in right away because she had a toothache. She admitted that she had tried to find a dentist and someone had told her of my sign on the house I had moved into. I told her to come right over. Fifteen minutes later a very attractive woman entered my door as my first patient. She had the classic case of an infected tooth and I was able to find the problem and give her antibiotics to cure the infection and stop the pain. I told her that we would have to look at the tooth after her pain went away and see what needed to be done next. We set up an appointment for one week later.

When she showed up, she was wearing short, short shorts and a lacy top with no bra! She had enormous nipples that poked thru the lace and I couldn't take my eyes off of her big tits. I put her in the chair and dropped her back so that I could go to work on her tooth. she kept telling me how grateful she was for my taking away her pain. I tried to be professional and work on her mouth but she started to rub my cock with the arm that was near me and with her big nipples sticking out and her obvious rubbing, I got hard. She unzipped me and pulled out my hard cock and put it in her mouth. 

As she opened her mouth she said, "This is what I need to make my mouth feel better," and started to suck me. I grabbed the back of her head and fucked her mouth and drove my cock all the way up to my balls into her luscious lips. She gagged and moaned as I thrust into her until I shoved my dick into her mouth all the way and erupted with what felt like the biggest orgasm I have ever had. It had been a few months since I had last had a woman and I was very horny. She got most of it down her throat and the little that went on her cheek she wiped into her mouth as I pulled my cock out. She was so beautiful that I didn't even get soft but put my hand on her crotch and felt her very wet cunt. I pushed her panties aside and slid three fingers into her cunt as she moaned and spread her legs. I couldn't wait and I got between her legs and slid my cock into her cunt holding her shorts and panties aside. She pulled off her shorts and panties and spread her legs up near her head so that she was wide open and I proceeded to fuck her as hard as I could for about twenty minutes until I had the second biggest orgasm of my life into her cunt. In the meantime, she must have cum about twenty times.

As we came down from this fantastic fuck, she put her nipple in my mouth and asked me to suck it hard and pinch the other nipple hard. She moaned and had another few orgasms while I sucked her nipples. I am not the most experienced lover in the world but I had never heard of a woman who could cum by having her nipples sucked. Since I am a real "tit" man, I loved it. I made sure that it took a number of visits to ensure that her tooth was fixed and her cavities filled. She like anal sex, along with any other, and she filled my early days, as my practice grew, with incredible sex.

Aside from fixing her tooth, Norma, my first patient, became my best salesperson. She told her rich girl friends about this young, hung and horny dentist who not only took care of the mouth (in more ways than one) but also the pussy and ass. I began to get calls, about once every two to three weeks, from a woman who said that I was recommended by Norma. I always made an appointment for two hours for these women and they were all fantastic fucks. Everyone was a trophy bride from some rich dude who married a much younger woman but couldn't keep up with her. I was glad to sacrifice my body for this worthy cause.

In fact, over a few months, Norma had six of her friends sign up with me on a regular basis. Since they knew that I lived up stairs because I had all of them up there for some bedroom sex, they called often when their husbands were busy making millions on the many trips they had to take. With Norma and the others, I found myself getting royally fucked and/or sucked at least twice a day. I had a hard time making room for fishing and that's one of the main reasons I came to Miami! The reason I was so busy, was that they had every reason to visit me with no one getting suspicious during the day and I was relatively safe in terms of infections, and it was in my best interests to be quiet about what was going on. During the evening, they could pull into my garage and close the door before getting out of their cars.

I have a very strange social life that has evolved over the past three years. Almost every night during the week, one of the seven women will come over about seven or eight pm and stay with me until about eleven pm or so. They don't ever want to go out because they won't risk being seen by someone who knows their husbands. All they want is good hard sex. Four of them want kinky sex in term of being tied up and some light spanking or pussy whipping, and they all love for me to call them sluts and whores and good for nothing but fucking pigs, etc. The nastier I make it the more they love it. A psychiatrist could make much of what they all feel. I don't care, I'm having the time of my life. The week ends mostly belong to me. I go fishing most week-ends and am relieved to relax my body getting ready for the week days to start.

I have a selection of sex toys, and soft hand and feet cuffs for the kinky, to amuse the women as I wait for my hard-on to come back. I'm surprised that they have not asked to come over with others but I guess the complete freedom of doing any sex thing they want, without anyone else knowing, is part of why they come ever. They don't know this, but I have four cameras placed around my bedroom, but hidden very cleverly. I have an array of controls which will zoom each camera as I wish. I have the controls next to my audio equipment so that the women think I am adjusting the stereo as I zoom in on their sucking or taking a foot long black dildo up their cunts. The audio from the cameras is also finely placed so that even their whispers are clear and understood. Most of the time, they are squealing.

One of my favorites, and there are many, is one woman who is on her back with her legs spread and she is jamming a foot long, thick dildo up her ass as I lightly whip her thighs and pussy. I have my cock in her mouth. Every time the leather hits her cunt she give out a high pitched whine and at the end, she is cumming almost continuously. Her head is hanging over the edge of the bed so that I can fuck her easily while standing next to the bed. When I am ready to cum, I jam my cock up to my balls in her mouth, and empty my load.

Another woman likes to get on a leather seat attached to the ceiling which she lowers until my cock is buried in her cunt. She then likes me to spin her around as I go in and out of her cunt until she comes. For some reason, I have a hard time cumming in this position and so she has many orgasm before I finally explode.

I have asked all of them if they would like some other men to come over and so far they have said no. I think that their ability to do anything they want sexually with a man is what they need and they get that from me. Another thing is that the women don't get out during the week a lot, but only when their men are gone. So when they come over, it has been weeks, sometimes, since they have had an evening alone with me. But when their man is gone, they will come over every night.

One of the women, the prettiest one, likes to get ass fucked, suck cock and get her cunt licked. Apparently her husband can fuck a lot but he won't ass fuck her or let her give him a blow job or lick her pussy and she craves all three. She likes, when I cum in her mouth, to open wide for me to see the cum going in her mouth. When I am through cumming, she swallows my load and looks at me smiling, with her beautiful face, and says very sexily, "I love it." I have four different angles of this picture on my video and I never tire of seeing her. I have yet to cum in her pussy. She kneels on the bed and aims her luscious ass at me as I put scented oil in her asshole and my cock. When I enter her, she likes me to really slam into her while she has her orgasms. I always save this fuck for last since, having cum a few times, it takes me a long time to cum and she can cum a lot. After I have unloaded, she lays on the bed with her legs spread as the cum slowly oozes out of her asshole. A very sexy picture.

Another cutie will, when she is having her period, want me to suck and bite her nipples as hard as I can, even causing a little bleeding. She rubs her clit like crazy as I suck her nipples and moans as she has several earth-shaking orgasms. She then sucks me off and then we have another bout of nipple sucking, another suck, etc., until I run out of steam. She then hops up, kisses me goodbye, and leaves. If her husband is home during her period, she will call and make an emergency appointment. I always see her.

With the arrangement I have, I doubt if I will ever marry. If I could find a female assistant, we might interest the men in the area for some fun and games. I think I will put an ad in the local paper. But that's another story.