 Thinking back she knew it had happened all too quickly. She had vowed this time would be different. It wasn't too different from those who preceded him. The only difference was the addiction was stronger and quicker this time.

It all began when she knew she was moving. Wanting to get to know a few people before even getting to the new city, she placed a simple personals ad. She received several responses. Some looking just for sex, some for friendship, some were just plain lonely men with no hobbies, and one was even to join a couple. There were a few that caught her attention though and that she replied to. One seemed to have some of the same interests as her, such as snow skiing and travel. They talked through instant messengers when they caught one another online. Conversations were always fun and intriguing and eventually turned to the topic of sex. They even shared pictures of themselves in less than normal clothing. After the move they finally heard one another's voices on the phone. She went and met him at his work, a hotel, one evening. The butterflies in her stomach quickly faded as they talked. They only talked briefly but he was considerate and walked her to her car later. The couple hugged for a moment and she took in the scent of his cologne. A quick kiss was exchanged and she was on her way home.

They met again in a few days to swim and hot tub. Both entered the pool with no swimsuits. After a few laps, he pulled her close and the two hugged. They looked into one another's eyes and kissed. She pulled away, smiled, and kissed him again. Their hands slowly began to explore the new body in front of them while they continued to kiss. He lifted one of her legs and she wrapped it and then the other around his waist. He rocked his hips so that his hard cock slide against her swollen clit again and again. Soft moans flowed into his mouth as their kissing became more heated. As their body temperatures rose, the pool water quickly became chilly. They let go of one another momentarily in order to make their way to the hot tub. The warmth of the new pool of water only added to the heat between the two. They stood kissing, their soft, wet skin sliding against the other. 

He moved her so she was sitting on the edge of the hot tub. Slowly he kissed from her earlobes down to her hips. Teasing, he kissed the inside of her thighs before finally moving his mouth inward. Even then he still teased, kissing and licking the outside of her pussy before finally dragging his tongue against her hardened clit. Electricity surged through her body with just that one touch. He looked up to her eyes and she tried to plead for more but all that came from her mouth was a moan. He soon focused more on her clit, teasing occasionally by plunging his tongue deep in her as she tossed her head back in pleasure. As he worked harder and faster, she could feel the heat building in her body, moving from her lower spine, upwards. While one hand held tightly onto the edge of the hot tub, one went to his head, urging him to continue. Her hips rocked involuntarily as she started to climax. 

Her knuckles on her one hand became white from holding onto the edge as her other hand slowly slide onto her thigh, all the while appreciative moans escaped her mouth. As she came down from her high, he licked one last long lick upwards before bringing his mouth to hers. She greedily plunged her tongue into his mouth, trying to memorize the taste of herself on him.

He noticed she was still shaking form her orgasm and suggested making use of an empty room. Grabbing their clothing, they wrapped towels around their bodies and made their way to a nearby room. He quickly shed his towel once in he room and came up behind her. He slowly undid the tuck she had made to keep her towel up and let it slid down her body to the floor. She cold feel his hard cock pressed against her as he reached with both hands for her breasts, toying with the nipples. His hands traveled down her body to her hips as he kissed and licked her neck. He turned her around and then led her backwards onto the bed. As she fell onto the bed, he followed. 

They kissed as he ran one hand down her side, then moved her leg so her knee was bent. As his hand traveled back up, it stopped to caress her breast. He brought his head down to her other breast, licking and sucking on the sensitive nipple, sending shivers through her body. She urged him on as she slowly made his way back to her lips. The kissing was becoming more and more urgent. He kissed her hard before pulling his body from her. Their eyes locked as he bent her other leg. She could feel the head of hard cock pressing against her momentarily before slowly entering her. They watched one another's faces as he continued to ease forward, until his hips were against hers. He lowered his body onto hers again and she brought her legs up.

As she lay with her legs open, knees pulled up, she could feel him deeply inside her. "No two bodies could be more physically close," she thought to herself. His muscular stomach was pressed against her feminine belly. Her breasts were caught between the two lovers, round hard nipples digging into flesh. Their arms tightly held one another, fingers caressing sensitive skin. Their lips pressed against one another. The kissing seemed to help slow the feverish pitch of the intense moment. He lifted himself up, enough to fully pull his cock from the warm wetness of her tight pussy.

He watched her face as he teased her with the tip of his cock, just barely letting her raise her hips to meet him before pulling away again. She bit her bottom lip in frustration, wanting to feel the fullness his cock provided her. He quickly pushed all the way in and her orgasm began. Instinct had her grabbing his back and pulling him closer again. One hand remained on his back, fingernails slightly digging into his flesh. The other hand went to the back of his head, pulling his lips to hers. She opened her mouth as his tongue thrust inward, moaning loudly as her orgasm continued. Her pussy continually contracted around his cock, causing him to gasp. She clung to him, not letting him move until the intensity subsided. When she took her first deep breath, he took his cue and began to slowly move again. They looked deeply into one another's eyes, knowing that the next orgasm she would have would send him crashing over the edge also. He rolled her on top of him. 

She sat all the way up, intertwining fingers with him, just so she could feel him deep inside her. She leaned forward and began rocking her hips on his cocks. The look of pleasure and pure lust in his eyes was enough to make her work even harder. Every time she rocked her hips forward, the head of his cock rubbed against her g-spot. She could feel the flush crawling across her chest and over her face.

"I'm cumming," she quickly whispered before the moans overtook her mouth and spilled off her lips. Tremors shook her whole body as she lowered herself onto him. He thrust harder and deeper, continuing her orgasm until she heard him slowly and softly moan. She felt the wetness quickly grown in her. His cock was still hard as he remained in her for several more minutes while they kissed and slowly came down from their sexual high.