 He felt his heart swell with love as he watched her sleeping beside him on the bed. Her black hair framing her face stood out with sharp contrast against the white of the pillow. She looked like an angel, a siren. This, plus the fact that she eas nude, made her look like any straight man's fantasy. 

Leaning down, he gently kissed her lips. Sleepily, she opened her eyes, a flash of blue, and closed them just as quickly. Smiling, she stretched, the sheet slipping off her full breasts. She let out a soft moan at the erotic feel, her nipples arching upwards.

"Good morning Gorgeous," he told her, smiling at the sight she made. Already he could imagine what the day would hold.

"Mornin'," she mumbled, snuggling closer to him. She gasped as she felt him stiffening against her thigh. "Ooooh well hello to you too," she said grinning. 

Reaching between their bodies, she wrapped her hand around his erection. He groaned and watched as she licked her way down his chest. Maintaining eye contact, she enveloped the tip of his cock in her mouth. She gently ran her tongue over his head while fondling his balls. 

"Fucking tease," he managed to get out. She was still just barely licking the tip of him. "I'm not going to last much longer if you keep doing that," he told her in a strained voice. 

He felt the vibrations on his cock as she laughed and took him deeper inside her mouth. It was Heaven. She eas wet and warm and the slide of her soft lips over his hard shaft was bringing him closer to the edge. Sensing this, she stopped, grinning. 

"Ughh," he groaned. "Now it's your turn," he said, flipping her on her back. Her squeal of surprise turned into a moan as he latched his mouth onto her nipple. Twisting and pinching the other one, he alternated between them. The scratch of his tongue on her sensitive flesh was causing her to writh beneath him. He began to kiss his way down toward the apex of her thighs. Gently he parted the folds of her womanhood, inhaling her clean, feminine scent. 

She cried out in pleasure as his mouth closed over the sensitive nub located at the top of her pussy. She threaded her fingers through his hair and held him to her. He licked and sucked her clit, occasionally dipping into her hole to tongue fuck her there as well. Her climax hit her suddenly, causing her to cry out. He held her under her thighs and licked and sucked all her juices off of her. He then crawled up her body, feeling her curves. 

"I want you inside me. NOW!" she gasped out. 

He pushed his cock right to the entrance of her pussy. 

"You want it here?" he asked her, teasing.

"Yes!!" she pleaded.

"Beg for it," he said.

"Please fuck me! PLEASE!" she begged.

Unable to take it, he plunged forward into her depths. She felt so good. She could feel his cock moving inside her and it was pure ecstasy. 

"Ooooooooooh," she moaned. "Fuck me! FUCK MEEE!" 

By now, she was screaming. He was breathing heavily, panting loudly, his cock slamming into he repeatedly. 

The sound of flesh hitting flesh resounded thoughout the room as he continued to slam into her hot cunt. 

"Fuck me harder. Oooooh yeah I'm about to come," she screamed. 

"Me too baby," he said between grunts. 

With one final thrust, they both screamed out at the same time. Her pussy muscles rippling on his cock made him explode. His hot seed shot deep inside her. 

The shudders finally subsided and he collapsed beside her, pulling her to him, spooning. Spent, she immediately fell asleep. He kissed her neck and fell asleep wondering what was going to happen next. Maybe anal? :)