 My phone rang abrasively, dragging me out of a dead sleep. I fumbled around the headboard and found the receiver.

"Somebody better be dying," I grumbled.

"Uh, oh. Something more learned. You not only hump my best friend, you're grouchy in the morning as well. Oh, the things I'm putting down in my little book." A cheerful voice I recognized brought me to slightly more wakefulness.

"Karen? What are you doing babbling at me at this time of day?"

"I wanted to know if you were interested in going to breakfast. I can tell I shouldn't have called, though."

I peered groggily at my clock. "Are you totally demented? It's 5:30 on Sunday morning. I don't even have my oxygen tank turned on at this time of day."

"Can't help it, I'm a morning person. I always go to breakfast early on Sunday. You want to go or not?"

"How the hell should I know? Where? And when? Give me something to grasp here."

"Just you and me. I usually go with Jean but she's pleading physical and emotional inability. Seems the other night she got half crippled screwing her brains out someplace. And also had a raging argument with her sister that's still going on. She isn't coming along today."

"Oh. Maybe it isn't safe for me to leave the house either."

"Ah hell, I should have predicted something like that might happen. She's been hornier than a three-cunted mink, and I know a man's dick doesn't have any conscience. I promise not to dismember you."

"I suppose I can take a couple of adrenaline pills, if I have any left. Where do you want me, and when?"

"How about if I pick you up? Half an hour?"

"Make it 45 minutes. I need to stand in the shower and get awake."

I was waiting by the front door when she pulled into my driveway. We were on our way immediately. The first thing I noticed was that she got onto the freeway. "Where the hell we going for this breakfast, Dallas?" I grumbled.

"Don't be silly. Dallas is a thousand miles from here. You really are a morning crab. No, Windsor Hills."

"Sixty miles? They better have some damn fine eggs." 

"They do, actually. Little Mom and Pop type place with great food. More important, our cottage is on a lake about five miles from there. We can go out in the boat if you want, fish, loaf around all day, do whatever." That brightened things up. I like spending time around the water. 

I discovered the lady has a heavy foot. In less than an hour we were settled in a booth in an old-fashioned family café that probably hadn't changed much in fifty years. The breakfast was great, fluffy scrambled eggs, sausage, hash browns, in quantities that would make an interstate trucker blink.

The cottage was tucked under monstrous pine and birch trees at the end of a tiny dirt road. I could smell the lake before we got there, a clean, uplifting scent that always makes me feel as though the worst a day could inflict can be dealt with somehow.

We opened the cabin windows to let the place air out and walked down to the dock. The water was beautiful deep blue, smooth as glass. A nice little runabout covered with a tarp rested on a hoist. "You water ski?" she asked me. 

"No, not at all. I can drive if you want to, though."

"Maybe later. First things first for me. I want to peel down. Whenever I'm here I like to be as near naked as possible."

"Sounds luscious to me. I'm all for that. But I didn't bring any swim trunks or anything."

"Naughty boy. Lots of swimming pants around. We keep them for unexpected visitors. There should be four or five pairs on the shelf above the clothes dryer."

I found a pair of faded trunks and an old golf shirt and put them on. It was easily warm enough to go barefoot. While I tried to find something on the battered old radio I heard her come up behind me. 

A pair of slender arms slid under mine and grasped me around the chest. Through my borrowed shirt I could feel a pair of firm and obviously naked breasts pressed against my back. I reached around and felt smooth skin, no matter where I touched. 

"I told you I like to peel down when I'm up here," she said. "Why do you have all those horrid clothes on?"

"All? A pair of trunks and a shirt?"

"More than I'm wearing, pal. Come around here." 

I turned within the circle of her arms and pulled her nude body against me. "You weren't kidding were you? The neighbors must have a lot of drownings when you go water skiing."

"Don't be an oaf. I cover up a bit when I go outside. But we aren't outside. And I haven't been laid in a couple of weeks. You didn't really think I brought you all the way up here to go fooling around with stinky old fish, did you?"

"Yes, I did. Silly me. I suppose this means the bass get to live a little longer?"

"For a while at least. You gonna start something active here, or do I have to do it all myself?"

I cupped her tender ass cheeks in both hands and pressed my mouth to hers. Immediately she slipped a firm thigh between my legs and scrubbed her springy crotch bush against me. Her breathing caught and accelerated as her excitement built. My dick started filling with blood, growing and extending within the borrowed trunks. I've never met anybody who could get me so hot so fast. I could feel her nipples filling and getting taut against my chest.

She pulled her mouth away slightly. "I can't believe I could be such a slut. If you aren't inside me in about two minutes my head is going to explode from the pressure. I've been absolutely dripping for three hours." Her feminine odor emphasized what her mouth told me. I could smell pussy lubricant, spicy and demanding. It boosted my own desire so totally my pecker was starting to hurt from the pressure of being confined.

I grasped her lovely round buttocks tightly and lifted a bit. "Grab on." She did, lifting her feet off the floor and wrapping her legs around me. "Which way?"

"Through the kitchen and turn left." I carried her in and tilted slowly to deposit her on the bed. She pulled me down with her. "You really are overdressed. Get naked," she urged.

"How? You're going to have to let go."

"I wouldn't, except it seems the only way to get anything accomplished. Hurry up." She let me free. It didn't take long to strip and I fell back on top of her. Her jutting nipples jabbed my chest at the same time her silky thighs closed around my hips again. I reclined against the delicious cushions of her firm tits. It felt incredibly erotic to have her smooth skin plastered against mine.

"Hello, nice lady. What do you have planned for today?"

"I plan to fuck you helpless, go for a swim, fuck you some more, who knows? What do you plan to do?"

"Looks like I just go along with it, since I'm here."

"Good. But you better start in the next eight seconds or I am going to run screaming right off the end of the dock and see if the lake actually boils when I hit the water."

I was certainly ready, my dick fully rigid. I lifted my hips a bit and prodded between her legs. Her cunt hair tickled my probe, then I found the hot moist opening I sought. I pressed against it and slid slowly into her welcoming pecker pocket. We both released a long sigh of contentment.

Her hips started to churn against me, urging my prod in and out of her slippery channel. I pumped slowly and deeply, thoroughly savoring the delectable feel of her pussy sucking at my bone. No matter how many times I have sex with this woman, it's always as exciting as the first time. Her legs came up and circled my hips, ankles locked against my pumping buttocks.

"You really know how to do me, don't you?" she moaned. "God, I love having you inside me."

"I like your hot little hole, too. Feels like a pulsating vacuum, pulling the juice out of my balls."

"Good. That's what I want to do, suck the juice right out of you. Hurry up and give it to me. I need you so much." Her pelvis rocked and tilted against me, the hot tube of her sex seizing my length and sucking it inward, clamping down and releasing like she had fingers inside the tunnel of her snatch. 

We settled down to some serious screwing, slamming and twisting against each other. Her wet cunt made little smacking noises against my dick as it pistoned in and out of her body. A pink flush worked its way up over her magnificent tits as she got more and more involved. Her pelvic cycle accelerated, humping faster against me. My mindless dick punched into her in ever-increasing rhythm as we got more excited.

Sweat popped out of our bodies and slicked our skin as we thrust and labored to reach the pinnacle. Her nipples were like stones against my chest, stabbing at the skin as though they were striving to puncture me and enter my body. I could feel her internal tissues clasp and release, first in regular cycle, then more erratically as control ebbed. "I'm gonna do it, pretty soon now," she gasped.

"Go ahead. Anytime you want," I told her. The heat in my balls was building higher and higher but I could tell she would probably go over the edge before I did. As long as she was satisfied I'd be happy.

Her arms tightened spastically against my back and her nails dug in. "Soon, oh man, so soon," she groaned. Her heels kicked against my butt and her loins seemed to flower open so I could get even deeper inside her. The odor of her hot fuck juices filled my nostrils, enhancing the direct physical sensation of her grasping pussy muscles. 

"Come on, c'mon c'mon c'mon," she chanted. "Gonna do it. Gonna come."

"Let it happen, do it for me," I encouraged. I pulled away and shoved my thighs under hers, my knees against her ass cheeks, hoisting her crotch up and grasping the delectable curves where her hips sloped downward to her waist. Looking down, I could see my shiny cock sliding in and out of her golden bush. The visual stimulation was incredible.

"Now, now, OH FUCK, NOWWWWW!!!!!!" she screamed up at me. Her twat imploded around my pecker, violent clutching and relaxing surges of her sucking pit. Over and over she throbbed and pulsed, slamming over the limit. I rammed forward, burying my entire length in her, what felt like all the way to her throat.

The woman twisted and writhed on the bed, eyes clamped shut, sweat pouring off her stomach and tits as she slammed through her orgasm. Her acceptance of utter mind-bending ecstasy, the display of total abandon was awesome. 

That did it for me. I plowed my dick into her as deeply as I could, froze, and let my poor maltreated nuts drain. Shot after shot of hot semen pumped through my nozzle and sprayed the deepest part of her honey tunnel, boiling seed slamming against her sucking walls, until stars reeled behind my eyes and the only sensation on earth was my pecker spilling liquid heat into her swamp.

I flopped on top of her. Our heavy panting mixed for several minutes as we tried to regain sanity. Eventually she stirred and wrapped her arms around me. "Mother bastard, you make me come so hard," she huffed. "If it gets any better than you do me, I don't want to know about it. I'd be unconscious and miss all those good sensations."

"There's no way to describe it," I agreed. "Every time with you is better and better."

"I know. It's scary. But I love it." She pressed her mouth against mine hungrily, tonguing me and crushing her delicious body against me. "You know what? I should be exhausted, but I want to go swimming."

That suddenly seemed like a great suggestion. I found the trunks I'd kicked aside on the floor. She said I could go down and feel of the water, she'd be along pretty soon. I walked down to the dock and dunked a foot. Only slightly cooler than skin temperature, which is best for swimming anyway. 

I went in headfirst. It felt wonderful, the cool liquid flushing off the sweat and sex oils. I opened my stroke in the long-ago learned exercise of a distance-covering crawl, the long reaches and deep pulling reviving muscle memory I hadn't used in years.


When I was fully loosened I curved back toward shore and rolled upward in a slow backstroke. Paddling on my back and gazing up at the blue sky, I heard a splash and swung around to look. Flashing arms swung in graceful arcs near the end of the dock. She stopped and let her legs drop, moving her hands slowly to keep afloat. "It's marvelous!"

I paddled closer. "Sure is. Clean lake water beats a pool full of chemicals every time."

"You looked pretty deft out there. You some kind of swimming freak? Competition or something?"

"Nope. Just grew up in lake country. I can't remember when I couldn't swim. My dad had us in the water before we could even walk."

"I was going to challenge you to a race, but maybe I'd better not." She pointed out over the water. Somebody had anchored a platform built on old oil drums.

What I expected to happen, did, although not quite the way I figured. As we swam toward the float she kept inching ahead of me and I kept picking up the pace to stay even. After maybe twenty yards she poured on the coal. I did my very best, but I was still far enough behind to watch her climb the ladder, tight cutoff jeans plastered to her taut buttocks like blue spray paint.

She grinned happily down at me when I came thrashing up to the raft. 

"Out of shape, old man?" she teased.

I clambered up on the platform. "You are unreal. And you were heckling me about being a pro?"

"Sorry, friend. I'm afraid you've been sandbagged. I got a lot of trophies in high school and college."

I eyeballed the teeny tiny bikini top. "Showing a lot of skin there, my dear. You sneeze the neighbors are going to have a lovely view of your boobs. If you are going to wear the top, why didn't you put the bottoms on too?"

"You know why, lecherous man. I'd have to prune the forest considerably. There's even less of the bottom than the top. I'd be sticking out all over the place."

"I can understand that. Don't, okay? I like your carpet the way it is."

We didn't race back to the dock, just lazed along. "You want a beer?" she asked when we were in the cottage.

"Sure, I'm ready. What are we going to do about lunch?"

"Lake full of fish out there. Gear on the front porch."

I enjoyed the next hour immensely, standing on the dock and pulling in some of the nicest bass I've ever seen in my life. She set up a small charcoal grill and by some mode of feminine magic produced crispy rolls and potato salad. I grilled the fish and we ate on the dock, feet swirling in the water and washing down the delicious food with cold beer.

The early rising and all the day's exercise were getting to me. I went in and flopped on the bed. I was flat on my belly, oblivious to the world, when I felt weight on the middle of my back. I dragged out of sleep, aware of moist heat and soft hair pressed against my waist. I looked down at tan knees clasping my rib cage. 

"Again? You trying to do me in before my time?"

A different voice than I expected answered. "Nope, not again. First time, at least today."

I cranked my head around and looked up at hazel eyes, long auburn hair, and bare tits with thick brown nipples stabbing erectly outward. Karen's daughter. Hoo-rah.

"What are you doing here? And where's your mother? She catches you sitting on top of me birthday naked she may have some words to say. Even worse, say nothing at all, just rip my balls off with her fingernails."

"She had to go back. I came up on my own. I didn't expect anybody to be here. We were talking and she suddenly remembered she was supposed to do the bulletin for her garden club to mail out tomorrow. Just as well I showed up. She'd have remembered about dark time tonight and had to scramble around getting it done."

She lifted up on her knees to let me roll over, then settled her hot snatch on my tummy. She bent over and braced her hands on the bed above my shoulders and dragged rigidly swollen nipples back and forth across my chest. "I said I'd give you a ride....home," she drawled. "You do want a ride, don't you?"

I ran my hands down over ripe hips and around a soft full ass. My fingers found their way to the slippery wet flesh between her legs. "I suppose I might be interested if somebody made the right kind of offer."

"How much of an offer do you need? I'm here, I'm naked, and I guarantee I am totally ready. Which you know anyway, since your hands are all over my cunt."

"Crude, but clear. You didn't take my advice, did you?"

"What advice? Find somebody else? No. I told you, I don't want anybody else. If I have to share so be it. I think I'm still getting a good deal."

"And no consideration for the wear and tear it causes me, clearly. Does it occur to you that I can't go on taking care of both of you all the time?"

"Don't be a crybaby. And it isn't all the time, it's only now and again." She shuffled upward, the dense forest of crotch fur now resting on my chest. "Do you really mind? Hmmm...???? Do you really want to tell me you aren't interested?" I could smell the excited pussy only inches from my face, and my cock was hardening rapidly.

She reached behind her and grasped my dick. "Well, well, it appears to me you're fibbing. This seems to be interested, no matter what you claim." She gripped it firmly and jacked her hand up and down. 

"I've wanted to do something," she said. She lifted up and swung around so she was still sitting on my chest, but facing away from me. My new view was a round, ripe ass and the sleek length of her back, which now bent in an arc away from my vision. 

Suddenly I felt wet heat engulf my prick, all the way to the base. "Mmmm...." she hummed on my tool. The vibration went straight to my nuts, instantly slamming outward to every nerve in my body. She started moving her mouth up and down my length, sucking greedily and pumping it energetically with her hand as her tongue massaged my stalk.

Now here's a problem - no matter how good a woman is at giving head, I absolutely cannot climax from getting a blow job. Some very determined ladies have tried it over the years, taking it as a challenge when I tell them it won't do any good. I don't know exactly what causes it, but my balls seem to go into lock mode when my dick is down a warm throat. I enjoy letting them try, though. The pleasure is considerable, even if I can't blow my nut from having them do it.

Courtesy dictated that I return the favor. I grasped her hips and pulled back, urging her to spread her legs more and settle on me. My nose pressed into her wet crotch and my tongue sliced into the hot, slick flesh of her sex. Her butt tightened as she clamped her thighs down. I heard it (and felt it) when she moaned appreciation: "Uuhhhmmmm....." 

I dug my tongue into her hot goo pot, lapping up the ever-flowing honey she produced. Her position put me in good situation to work on her clit at every stroke. Each time I hit it her hips jerked and slammed her loins against my face. She kept up the suction on my crank, but I could tell she was losing interest in that particular aspect of our activities as she spiraled toward climax. 

Her knees flexed, lifting her loins slightly away and then dropping back down as she fucked my face. I could hear her breathing accelerate as she built closer to orgasm. She started moaning as she increased her sucking, a vibration in her throat that ran the length of my pecker and rattled my balls. "Uuuuhhhhnnnn......"

Abruptly she let my dick slide out of her mouth, lifted off me, and pivoted to fall on her back on the bed, legs spread widely. The soaking gash between her legs gaped open, red flesh glittering in the dark forest. "Oh god, I can't wait any longer. Get inside me quick." She grabbed my cock and tugged. 

I followed her urging, kneeling between her widely splayed thighs. She guided my bone into the gaping wet flesh of her snatch, prodding the rounded head at her fuck tunnel. I flexed my hips forward and slid into her broiling channel smoothly and sleekly until my nuts rested against her sticky ass cheeks. "Fuck yes," she hissed. "That's what I need. Pump it, give it to me hard."
