 Jeremy and Rebecca were an average recently married couple. They got along wonderfully and told each other everything; everything, that is, except their sexual fantasies.

Jeremy is a handsome man standing at 6'1" with sandy blonde hair which he keeps gelled in short spikes. He is fit, tan, and has a very satisfying 7 ½" inch dick.

Rebecca is beautiful at 5'3" with long brown hair. She has small but perky 34B breasts, a bald pussy, and an ass that would make any man drool.

Jeremy and Rebecca's sex life is not that exciting. Usually they have sex in the missionary position before going to bed. Jeremy has experimented with other sexual acts with women before he married Rebecca, but Rebecca is slightly frightened by sex and tends to shy away from new experiences.

Jeremy has always wanted to put his dick in Rebecca's ass. He loves her tight pussy, but cannot stop imagining what it would be like in her even tighter ass.

Rebecca has been reading stories about pain during sex. She finds it hard to believe that any woman would get off on pain, but as she is reading she finds her panties growing wet.

Here is what happened one night when both Jeremy and Rebecca finally gave in to their sexual desires.

____________

Rebecca had already gotten into bed when Jeremy came into the bedroom. She had the covers pulled up to her neck with her back to him. He thought she was asleep. As Jeremy got into bed, he lightly slapped Rebecca's ass through the covers. To his surprise she moaned quietly.

Rebecca knew that this was her chance to try out some of the stuff she had been reading about. As she gave a quiet moan, she pushed her ass closer to Jeremy.

"You sound like you liked that," Jeremy said and slapped her ass again, this time a bit harder.

Again Rebecca moaned and pushed her ass towards Jeremy.

"You do like that," Jeremy patted Rebecca's ass softly and laughed to himself.

"Do it again," Rebecca moaned. When Jeremy didn't move, Rebecca said, "Again, do it again. Harder."

Jeremy was surprised by Rebecca's moans and his dick was beginning to get hard. He slapped her again with a satisfying thwack through the covers.

"Oh, yes!" Rebecca moaned and she climbed to her knees on the bed and faced Jeremy. She took off the t-shirt she was wearing to sleep in and bent over to kiss Jeremy's neck. The covers had fallen off her when she moved and all she was wearing now was a pair of hot pink lace boy shorts. Jeremy rubbed Rebecca's ass, enjoying the feel of the lace against his hand. Then he lifted his hand and gave her the hardest slap yet. Rebecca yelped as his fingers came into direct contact with her lace clad ass. She could feel the sting in her skin. And her slightly moist pussy became wet.

She looked Jeremy in the eyes then looked at the boxers he was wearing. His dick looked like it would rip through his boxers at any moment, tearing them to shreds. Without saying anything, Rebecca took off her boy shorts. She was now sitting completely naked on the bed. The harsh light from the ceiling fan shown off her body. Jeremy had never seen Rebecca in this light before. Because they always had sex before bed, they had always completed the act with the lights off and usually under the covers. Jeremy knew the shape of Rebecca's body almost strictly through the sense of touch. Now, looking at her body in the light, his dick became harder. She was beautiful. Her nipples were standing at attention and he could smell the sweet scent of her pussy.

Jeremy removed his boxers but did not move from his laying position on the bed. He wanted to see where this was going.

Rebecca stared at Jeremy's pulsating dick. She wanted put his dick in her mouth. She had never done this before and the urge was growing too strong. But she wondered what Jeremy would think of her being so nasty. She did not want to turn him off. She debated with herself for several seconds in the quiet of the bedroom. Suddenly she bent her head down and pulled him into her wet mouth.

Jeremy gasped. He could not believe that his wife Rebecca was sucking on his dick. Her mouth was so wet, as if her saliva glands had been working overtime in preparation for his dick. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensation. Rebecca used one hand to hold the base of his dick and the other she used to play with his balls.

Rebecca was surprised by how hungry Jeremy's dick made her. Once it was in her mouth she did not want to let it out. As she bobbed her head up and down she thought about the stories she had read. Taking advice from these stories, she swirled her tongue around the tip of his dick. She sucked hard and pushed him in as far as she could. She began to move faster and her whole body started to rock back and forth. This caused her to rub her clit against the sheet and the feeling made her moan.

Rebecca moaned onto Jeremy's dick and the vibrations made his toes curl. Slowly, so as not to frighten Rebecca off the act, he began to shift his hips to meet each of her downward thrusts. He reached out to grab Rebecca's ass and lightly slap her there. This made her moan more and she shifted so that his fingers could reach her pussy.

Jeremy could not believe what was happening. They had gone from quiet discreet sex in the dark to him fucking his wife's mouth while having a full view of her beautiful pussy and ass. He could see that her pussy lips were already slicked with her juices and the pink bud of her ass hole was calling to him.

He slid his fingers around the outside of her pussy lips. He gently rolled his middle finger over her clit and then inserted the finger into her. She moaned again and he knew he had to taste her juices directly from their source.

Jeremy sat up and bent his head down to her wet pussy lips. As his lips and teeth closed around her clit, Rebecca gave a sharp intake of breath on his dick, chilling it with the air. A few seconds passed and she went back to sucking his dick, replacing the cold air with the warm wetness of her mouth.

It was too much for Jeremy and he thrust his fingers into her wet pussy. He found her g-spot and rubbed at it until she cried out. He played with her g-spot with his middle finger and used his thumb to rub her clit. Soon he was awarded with Rebecca's cries as she fell back on the bed and his hand was covered in her juices.

"Oh, yes! That was wonderful!" Rebecca had never experienced anything like that before. Without realizing it, she began to grind her pussy onto Jeremy's hand.

Jeremy moved his wet hand over her pussy lips. He slid his fingers to her ass hole and gently rubbed it. This was amazing! His wife had asked him to slap her ass, sucked him, and was now allowing him to fondle her ass hole. Then he got an idea that brought a wicked smile to his lips. He moved his fingers back to her clit and slightly swollen pussy lips. He gently stroked her, then without warning, he slapped her pussy lips. He didn't do it with much force, but the act had Rebecca's eyes flying open.

"Yes, again," she moaned. Jeremy slapped her again, enjoying the way her already red pussy lips became a shade darker. Rebecca pinched her right nipple and moan. She thrust her hips up asking for more. Jeremy slapped her pussy again but lighter that the previous two times.

"Harder!" Rebecca panted. Jeremy was surprised. He hit a bit harder and again Rebecca moaned, "Harder!" Jeremy had never seen his wife behave in such a way. His dick was so hard. He began rubbing up and down his shaft and hit her pussy harder like she requested.

"Harder, damn it!" Rebecca yelled and Jeremy almost lost it. He hit her so that the sound vibrated around the room and his fingers tingled with the impact of skin on skin. He quickly shoved two fingers deep into Rebecca and sent her directly over the top. Again his hand was coated in her juices. Her whole body shook on the bed and she gripped the wooden footboard to hold herself still.

As she came down from her orgasm, Jeremy shoved a third finger into her and drove her into another. He loved watching her like this. He felt like he was in complete control. Never before had he excited her this much. And never before had he been able to put three fingers into her cunt. He wanted to push her farther, so he put in a fourth finger. 

Rebecca was panting, she couldn't breathe. Jeremy moved to his knees and shifted around so that he was no long pushing his fingers into Rebecca. He had his hand cupped and was now pulling his fingers towards himself. Rebecca grabbed at his back and ass, needing to hold onto something. Still it was not enough for Jeremy. He shoved in the two middle fingers from this other hand into her abused pussy and started pulling with all his strength lifting her ass off the sheets as he did so.

Rebecca came again, this time with so much force that her juices hit Jeremy's hands and shot back onto her stomach and breasts. Jeremy rubbed her juices into her skin and sucked on her breasts.

Rebecca lay panting. Jeremy was sure that their fun for the night was over. Suddenly, he felt Rebecca's hands on his hips. "I want you cock in my mouth," she practically growled.

She shoved her head between Jeremy's legs and sucked his dick. She was on all fours on the bed with her ass up in the air. Jeremy couldn't resist any longer. He placed one of his cum soaked hands on the back of Rebecca's head and began to fuck her mouth hard. His other hand he moved to her dripping pussy. Her juices were running down her thighs and her pussy readily accepted his fingers again. After wetting his fingers, he moved his hand to her ass and slowly shoved a finger into her tight hole. Rebecca tightened her muscles and whimpered. Jeremy waited until she relaxed again and then pushed the finger in farther. Slowly he finger fucked her ass while she sucked his cock for everything that she was worth.

Jeremy couldn't take it anymore. He wanted to fuck her in the ass but he knew that she was not ready for that yet. That would have to wait until next time. He pulled her around and slammed his cock into her swollen pussy. Rebecca cried out in pain and pleasure. Jeremy fucked her hard for several minutes. He had grabbed the back of Rebecca's neck so that she could not lie down. She sat up at an awkward angle and watched his cock disappear into her pussy. Her mouth hung open and saliva started to accumulate. She wished she was flexible enough to bend herself in half and lick at Jeremy's cock while it was fucking her sopping pussy. His hand around her neck was still wet with her pussy juices and his thumb was resting on her cheek. Rebecca turned her head and sucked her own juices off his thumb. She closed her eyes and pretended that it was his cock.

Jeremy was close to cumming. Watching her suck her own juices turned him on so much and he immediately pulled out of her pussy and moved up to shove his cock into her mouth. Rebecca, getting her wish for his huge cock in her mouth covered in her pussy juices, greedily sucked him until he was just about the cum. Jeremy pulled out of her mouth and shot his load all over her chest.

Both fell back on the bed panting. This was definitely a first for them, but not a last.