 She didn't know what she didn't know. It was that simple. Her life up until this point was as it was supposed to be - fine. She hadn't planned on meeting him. She hadn't planned to feel how she did when she was around him. Yet, there she was, sitting next to him as he drove them back to work from lunch. 

"What was she doing," she continued to ask herself as they talked. She turned and smiled at him. They were talking about an e-mail he has sent her the night before - an e-mail story about her, about them being together. And the discussion was causing her to grow warm.

Trying to adjust herself, she crossed her legs. Wearing a skirt, her bare knee was close to his hand as he adjusted the radio. Finding a station he liked, his hand hesitated briefly, and then rested on her knee. His thumb rubbed back and forth gently, feeling her soft skin. She had no idea how that one touch affected him, but for her, it was how she was always supposed to be touched. It was just right.    

After a blissful moment, forgetting who was touching her and where they were, she quietly moved his hand away. She knew she shouldn't like it. She knew it was wrong. Yet, a few moments later, after a reassuring glance, she found his hand and placed it back on her knee where it remained for the rest of the drive. 

They'd worked together for a few months. Their relationship began innocently - coworkers who enjoyed a lunch out together once or twice a week. He'd made her feel welcome in her new job, gave her tips on their other suite-mates personalities, and helped her learn the ins and outs of the department. But their friendship continued to grow past that of normal coworkers. 

They began to share more intimate details of their life. Details about their fantasies, dreams, likes, dislikes, perversions. The more they shared, the more they realized just how well they seemed to fit with each other. And the more they realized just how well they fit, the more they wanted, well, more. 

Their discussions came to a peak one warm afternoon in August. They had been to this park only one other time, two days ago. That day they had walked and talked, completely enjoying their time away from the office. Deciding they could risk another afternoon after work at the park, they arranged to meet there in two days. 

When they got to the park, they found a quiet spot away from the picnicking areas. Taking the lead from other couples they had seen at the park on their first trip, this time they brought a blanket and spread it out under a tree. The comfort they felt with each other was obvious as they laid down on the blanket and continued to talk. 

They quickly picked up their ongoing game of truth or dare.  "Truth or dare," he asked.

"Dare," I heard myself reply.

"Prove to me you are wearing matching underneath," he requested.

Leaning back, I unzipped my shorts a bit, reached in and pulled a bit of my lavender panties so he could see them. He smiled as I began undoing my top, and let him see that my bra matched my panties. 

Satisfied with myself, it was my turn.

"Truth or dare," I asked.

"Dare," he answered with a grin.

I was nervous. But I asked anyway. "You said earlier that you like how I smell. I dare you to come closer, and get a better smell."

My breathing was deep, I wanted him close to me so badly. Every part of my body tingled at the hope that he would accept my dare. He looked at me, his smile replaced by a desire in his eyes. He moved so that his body touched mine as we lay. I felt my nipples harden, poking out from under my bra.  My pussy was growing moist, aching with the need to be touched.   

His hand reached for my side as he moved his face close to my neck. My eyes closed, I leaned my head back. I could feel his warm breath in my neck. His breathing was quivering as he smelled my neck, up to my ear and back down to above my breasts. 

"God I want to kiss you," I whispered, barely audible.  

The next thing I knew, his mouth had found mine. His kiss was breathtaking. His tongue opened my mouth, searching for mine. I heard myself moan. I had never moaned when being kissed in the past. I realized at that moment that it was him. I was moaning because of him. 

My hands found the back of his head as his explored my body, running down my side, grabbing my ass. They found my breasts and squeezed them while his mouth continued to engulf mine. My head was spinning. He felt so amazing. 

He broke our embrace for a moment, kissed my lips softly, and looked at me. I was sure he could see my vulnerability for him in my eyes. I laid back as he moved between my legs. I could feel his hardness pressing against me from under his shorts. He began slowly grinding himself on me as his mouth rejoined mine. 

His kiss grew deeper, harder, stronger. A soft moan escaped his lips. We kissed for what seemed like hours. Yet I knew, as much as we didn't want to part, we'd have to leave soon. And I couldn't help but wonder what our next trip to the park would bring.