 Introduction: 

Time spent recalling my younger years.

This is a long story and it is as true as my memory serves. If you're looking for a quick one-off, skip this one.

Things actually took place and I've changed or omitted the names of other people not directly involved with our continued time together. 

*****

I had always been sexually active growing up and nothing changed as I grew older and supposedly wiser. If anything, I got more imaginative. This brings us to this place in time:

I met Jill as a trucker. Pulling into a truckstop in Los Angeles, I sat behind the wheel thinking how boring a night on the lot would be. Thinking of the possibilities, I dollied down my trailer and prepared to bob tail into the city and try to find a club with some action. I'll cut to the chase here and tell you I found an attractive woman sitting by herself, nursing a drink. One thing led to another - dancing, drinking and she finally got around to asking me what I did for a living. When I told her I was a trucker, she became intrigued. When I mentioned my truck was in the parking lot, she immediately wanted to see it.

I unlocked the door and had to help her up into the cab. I should mention that Jill was a rather tiny little woman, just at 5' tall, slender, with small, firm little breasts, and a waist I could circle easily with two hands. Once in the truck, she noticed the sleeper. I'd had this truck made to my personal specs. Queen-sized bed, clothes closets, sink, microwave, color TV and a dynamite stereo system, not to mention blue mood lights around the ceiling.

Jill walked back to the bed and sat down, then patted the mattress beside her. I didn't need a written invitation by that point. In about a minute, we were both nude and exploring each other's body. With me still sitting, Jill swung a leg over my thighs and straddled me with her arms around my neck. As I played with her tight little breasts, she reached down and guided me into her sopping cunt, sliding closer to my groin to get as much of me into her as possible. At 7", I'm not a huge guy, with my penis being only a little over an inch & 1/2 thick, but a guy uses what one has...

Jill started hunching away as I tongued her erect little nipples. Part of my mind was surprised that each of her nipples were slightly larger than a dime, with her hard points only barely larger than my own. It was hard to suck the nipples themselves due to their size, so I pulled as much of her breast into my mouth as I could, keeping my tongue busy on the stiff little point. 

Jill's eyes were nearly rolled back into her head, lots of white showing. She pulled back and asked me if I had a towel handy. I thought it was a strange time to be asking that. I was gentleman enough to always offer warm, wet washrag after the deed, never before the culmination. I told her sure, and with her still impaled on me, I reached into the little cubbyhole beside the sink and grabbed a hand towel.

"Do you want me to wet it?" I asked?

"No, put it under you when you sit back down. I think we're going to make a mess."

Hmm, I'd had women who creamed copiously as they got excited, but other than running down their ass, no big deal. Oh well, she was running the show.

Jill started making mewling noises and her bouncing and grinding became more pronounced when suddenly she leaned back, pushing herself onto me to the point of actually bruising my pubic bone. Stiff, like she'd gone into rigor mortis, she came...and cum she did. My entire crotch and the towel under me were soaked. Jill was a rainmaker, a woman that squirted when she came. In all my adventures, I'd heard of them but had never run across one. When she'd finally showed some signs of life, her arms went back around my neck and she kissed me like her tongue would either go down my throat or punch through the back of my neck.

I did eventually get her the wet washrag and I think this impressed her somewhat. Strangely, she really didn't want to lie down on the bed, but asked if it was ok to just sit up front in my air-cushioned seats in the nude. Damn, an exhibitionist streak to boot. BONUS! We talked about where we were from. Talk about coincidence. We were both from the same city in the California, me here on a run and her down for a banking conference. True - Jill was a bank VP here for a weeklong conference but due to head back north in two days. We made plans to just head for the truckstop where she planned to spend the night with me. After making love to her tight, diminutive body several times through the wee hours, she never failed to squirt about a cup of liquid every time she came. To myself, I was thinking to hit Wal-Mart for some plastic shower curtains...anything long term with this woman would make my laundry bill go through the roof.

We spent most of her remaining off time together, getting to know one another and planning to meet up at home. A week later, I parked the truck in a truckstop at home and planned to spend the next couple of weeks getting to know this little lady.

Before buying a truck, I'd been a SCUBA instructor for many years. The agency I certified for kept trying to get me to take a management job at one of the many franchises, especially along the California coast. After listening to my answering machine, one offer definitely caught my attention. About half again more than I made as a trucker, all expense paid trips out of the country at least every 6 months and weekends at the beach with my classes. I would have no trouble getting rid my year-old Kenworth conventional. The bonus lay in the fact the shop was in the same town where'd I'd leased an apartment.

Meeting up with Jill, we had dinner at a nice restaurant and I sprung my plan on her. Taking it all in, she was quiet for a bit, then looking me in the eyes, she asked "Shall we just move in together?" I hadn't actually planned that far ahead, but the thought appealed to me.

"Sure. We seem to get along great and I suppose we can acclimate to each other as we go."

The next few day were a flurry of moving, calling the dive shop, arranging a meeting with the owner to hammer out a contract we could both live with. I had a reputation with the agency of being a top salesman and had run retail businesses in the past. We met, agreed on the terms and sent it to a lawyer for finalization. Jill was thrilled she had a live-in lover but something kind of dug at her mood at times.

During the exploratory time early in the relationship, I couldn't help but notice that something troubled her. I asked, several times. Eventually, she sank into kind of a depression. She had a past and possibly a secret that weighed on her mind. I took her hands in mine and told her there was nothing she could have done before that would make me care for her any less. This led to a bawling, sobbing tale of her childhood. 

Growing up, it seems her mother was divorced with a nine, ten and eleven year old at home, very little money and mom working 2 jobs to keep a roof over their heads. Her mother had made a deal with her brother and his wife to watch the kids in the evenings. Their end was, they were only willing to take one child per night and the other two would have to either go to an evening daycare or find a neighbor to watch them. Jill kind of clammed up at this point. A rough situation to grow up in, but not exactly terrible. Coaxing her on, she finally admitted that her uncle and aunt had initiated her into sex at age nine. At that tender age, she'd not only had full penetration, learned to deep throat, ate pussy and had her own licked but was also introduced to the family dog. Quite a load for a nine year old, and to make matters worse, her relatives made her feel like it was all her fault. They told her if anyone, anyone at all found out, she'd be put in a foster home.

Jill would be a wild woman for about one to three months at a pop, then go into these depressions again for a few weeks. Hard to live with but I eventually learned to read her moods. Actually, I got the hint after having my hand and arm nearly ripped off and beaten about the head and shoulders with it. After confessing her sexual awakening, Jill became a wild woman - always wanting a bigger high, so together, we sought out wilder ways to satisfy each of us. We read an ad in the LA Times about a swing club out near Huntington Beach.

Calling, we made an appointment for a 'personal' interview. Hmm, did they want to see the goods before they took our money? I'd never been auditioned for sex before. Getting there on a Friday afternoon, we were shown into a nice office by the man of the house and given long forms to fill out - questionnaires asking about our sexual history, preferences and/or any kink we were into. Next came a release form, holding the club harmless in case of a civil dispute or diseases we might be exposed to. Next, what later turned out to be the guy's wife came into the room and asked me to join her in the other room. Once there, she asked me to disrobe as she did the same. Nude, she stepped into me and ran her hands over my chest until she reached my erect penis. She slowly stroked it and asked if my wife got jealous or if I were jealous of her with other men. 

At this point I corrected her thinking, telling her we were just living together, and no, neither of us had a problem that I was aware of. She asked me if I'd ever been aids tested and I told her yes, fairly regularly. She went on to ask if it would bother me to make love while others were present, because a few members like to watch as or before they chose a playmate. Again, I told her no, I had no problems with public sex provided the setting was discreet. Holding my by my stiff dick, she led me through another door where Jill was writhing on top of her husband. The woman looked at me and said, "Shall we?"

Watching Jill ride this guy's fat dick excited the crap out of me and I pulled our host's wife down into the same position as Jill. The woman guided me into me dripping pussy and started slowly moving up and down. Soon, she leaned over my chest to ask me if I liked oral and anal or just plain vanilla sex.. Playing with her taut nipples, I whispered that although I liked getting head, I seldom climaxed from it. As for anal sex...bring on the lube!

I also explained to her that I got a tremendous high from fucking in any style and didn't always climax from it. She thought that was strange, but I told her my reasoning- I get totally involved in the penetration, feeling a woman's vagina or rectum squeezing my hard dick, but part of my brain tells me when I get my nut, it's all over for a while. As it is, I can go as much as an hour without cumming and after a physical rest of a few minutes, am ready for another bout.

"Marvelous!" she exclaimed, "So you're all about the woman's pleasure then?"

"My old daddy told me Son, take care of the woman and somewhere along the way, you'll get taken care of too, and the lady will always ask you back." I've lived by those words since puberty.

The woman ground herself hard on my pubic bone, rubbing her clit as she did. Her breath came in short gasps and she stiffened. I could feel her cunt rippling and milking my dick as her climax passed. She lay down on my chest, still impaled on my hard dick.

Jill had ridden this woman's husband to its inevitable conclusion and both were wiping up the mess with a towel. The lady I had been with asked to excuse them so Jill and I went back into the interview room. Shortly, both came out and welcomed us both to the club. The manager asked if either of us had a problem watching the other make love to a stranger. We both laughed, saying why else would we join a swing club if it weren't for strangers -strange pussy and strange dick? The pair just smiled and asked us if we were up for anything.

"Define anything," I asked?

The man spoke first saying Jill was a remarkably avid and demonstrative lover and he thought their members would enjoy the time spent with her. Jill was beaming by this time. The guy's wife spoke up and said the women in the club were in for a treat being with me, as I had no hang-ups about sex in anyway. They both looked at each other, then the man spoke:

"Would you, as a couple, like to help us with new member applicants? Many come in, mostly men with their wives and the man is all bullshit about 'yeah, we talked it over and we want something to spice up our life'. Generally, the hubby talks/coerces the wife into going along with the idea then one of two things usually happen. The wife goes bug-nuts seeing her hubby balls deep in another woman or the hubby goes green with jealousy. Either thinking the other may have found a replacement for them. 

What we'd like you to do is chat with them as a couple, then feel them out, find out what their real motivations are. If it looks like one is pushing the other to do it, it'll never work out and the last thing we need is a domestic quarrel in the middle of mass love making, don't you agree?"

I could see that very thing happening, so after talking quietly to Jill, I told them yes, we'd be happy to chaperone the noobs. Our first club meeting was on the following Friday night and our hosts took us to the side and explained a few details they hadn't mentioned in the interview and we'd had no clue to ask about.

"What we forgot was that every Friday and Saturday night we have a catered meal. Everyone is to remain clothed until the caterers leave. Eating is confined to the meeting room, which is more or less a huge pit in the middle of the house. Once people are seated and eating, I make club announcements. Afterwards, I also remind everyone to use the lockers in the long haul. Smoking is allowed, as long as people use the ashtrays. By the way, most often there are 90 to 120 couples here each weekend, so variety is just about boundless. New couples come with members they may or may not have partied with, so your job is to vet these noobs like we spoke about earlier. If they pass your criteria, escort them into the club, otherwise, notify one of us and we'll gather their hosts and tell them the new people just aren't ready for this.

One thing I want to make perfectly clear...NO DRINKING, NO DOPE. If you see or suspect someone is under the influence, tell us and they are history. It's not hard for you to imagine the hassles and the trouble involved with members that are loaded. We run a quiet house and want to keep it that way." Wow! I was impressed. This was not your typical orgy. Jill and I couldn't wait to get started. Suffice to say, we both saw or participated in about anything two or more people could do together. If you can imagine sex without any sort of violence or jealousy, this was the place to be.

Time to move along. Jill was still on again / off again in the sex department and if I had to hazard a guess, I think she was bipolar. Sadly, if you want to call it that, I was the only person who knew her secret...for a few more months.

We'd received an invitation to Jill's stepsister's wedding. The couple decided on an open air affair in San Diego , followed by a reception on a huge paddle wheeler. Jill's older brother and sister attended also and Jill went into one of her depressions, RIGHT after seeing her aunt and uncle walk by. I'm a people watcher by habit and I watched the sister and brother closely as they noticed their relatives. Both faces went through an array of emotions, mostly fear and then anger. I leaned over to Jill and told her I think her secret could very possibly be her siblings' also. She just shivered and started crying. Noticing this, her brother and sister got very concerned. Deciding Jill would never broach the subject, I launched right into it.

"Neither of you has to give me a yes or no answer, but how many years did your aunt and uncle molest you?" Even out in the park as we were, you could have heard a pin drop. Big sister looked at big brother and started crying and in a few minutes, both were hugging Jill and each other.

"I thought I was the only one," said the brother.

"They both told me I was the special one and it was a big dark secret that they'd never tell mom what a nasty girl I was."

Jill got a really mean look and stood up.

"What do you have in mind, hon?" I said.

"This is something mom needs to know. She thinks the sun sets in both their asses" and off she marched in search of her mother, the other three of us close behind. Her mom liked me, probably considered me son-in-law material but this wasn't my story to tell, so I hung back, just in hearing range when they confronted her. 

Their mother asked a few questions of each in a tight voice then stomped off in search of her brother and his wife. We later learned she confronted them right in front of all the wedding guests, and of course, they denied everything. However, Jill's mom also told them there were now three witnesses to their little act. Go and never come around any of her family again or she'd go to the cops.

A year later, we'd moved into a duplex and life was back to the old sexual roller coaster again. However, her fits of depression seemed to last longer as time went by.

One afternoon, Jill was in her ON mood and I was eating her pussy for all I was worth. I knew she liked to have me lick her from asshole to clit, as this gave her the maximum feeling. I might mention we'd never tried anal sex to this point. 69 and vaginal sex was plenty. Jill gasped out that she needed something more - she wanted to be filled up. Not wanting to lose my source of pussy nectar, I slid a couple of fingers into her hot hole while nibbling on her clit. 

"More, I need more...please!"

Being the considerate lover I am, I slid two more fingers into her slick cunt. She started hunching on my fingers, absolutely lathered up, so I bent my thumb into my palm. POP! My whole hand disappeared into her pussy. I unclenched and clenched my fist inside her, only pulling back and pushing in a couple of inches. Jill's head was rolling from side to side and she was babbling in some tongue known only to her. Jill rolled over on her hands and knees and I started to withdraw my hand.

"No! Don't you fucking take it out!" Ok, I could do that - this was her rodeo after all.

She rocked back on her knees, driving my fist further inside her and nearly breaking my wrist in the process. Struggling, she got to her feet and told me to put my elbow on the bed. Once in position, she squatted onto my hand, impaling herself to depths I thought would permanently damage her. 

During normal sex, she was tight, deliciously so, but I'd seen her take 12 inch dicks as easily as she'd taken mine. She'd also told me she'd had a total hysterectomy after the birth of her daughter. But still, I was concerned. After possibly two or three minutes of her squatting, she came like a fire hydrant, covering me and the sheets with her cum. She stood up and eased herself off my hand.

By this time, I was rock hard and ready to rumble as Jill lay on the cum soaked bed on her stomach. I pushed a couple of fingers inside her wet pussy only to find it stretched to the point I would barely feel I was inside her. A thought struck me - she had another hole and one I'd never tried. Scooping her thick juices off the inside of her thighs, I rubbed it around her puckered little ring. Surprisingly, it was very soft and partly open, likely due to the intense climax she'd just survived. One finger, then two,...all the way to my hand. If she could do this without pain, then I planned to plow her bowels. As I said earlier, I'm long but somewhat thin. I slid into her like it was a custom made glove, just for me. 

After about a dozen slow strokes, from the tip of my dick right down to the balls, she rocked back on her elbows and knees, head down on the pillow. After a few dozen more, she started rocking backwards to meet my thrusts. Within a minute, she reached back and grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands and pulled them wide apart, allowing me nearly another inch to put inside her warm channel. I let Jill do all the slamming, hanging onto her lower back when suddenly, she came. In all the time we'd been together, I'd never actually watched her pussy as she came. Now, all I had to do was rock back and watch it jet from her cunt. If I didn't know better, I could well have imagined she was peeing, instead of cumming.
