 Dedicated to FireStorm, My Inspiration for this Story!

"Hello Ms. Harrison," I said as you walked in my office for your interview.

"Hello" you replied with a smile.

"Please sit down and we'll get started," I said.

As you sat down I noticed how low cut your suit jacket was.

"Very nice," I thought to myself as I admired your cleavage.

I quickly looked back up, but I was too late you caught me looking at your breasts. You just give a little smile as if to say, "Ha, I caught you!" 

"You're here to interview for the position of my personal assistant? I just want to let you know that I am very demanding and this position would require a lot of your time. Is that going to be a problem?" I ask.

"No, I am very dedicated to my work and I'll do what ever it takes to get my job done," you answer.

"Good I need that in this position." I said as a got up and walked around to the other side of the desk and sat down facing you.

Just then you crossed your legs drawing attention to the slit in your skirt rising up your left thigh. I tried not to look down but I couldn't help but notice the band of the thigh high stockings you were wearing. 

"Now how am I supposed to work here if your keep checking me out," you said.

"I'm sorry that's not very professional of me," I said while blushing. 

"It's ok I'll forgive you this time," you said aloud, but thought, "Wow! I wonder how much more I can tease him?"

"Are you willing to work long hours and still be able to make it to work on time the next morning?" I ask.

"Definitely I'm very dedicated to my work," you replied.

"Good because I need that in an assistant. Why don't you fill out this form? It's just so I can use it to evaluate you a little better. It's a personality test it's not to complicated just answer truthfully. You can sit at that table and fill it out, it won't take long."

I pointed to the table on the other side of the office. 

"Sure no problem" you said. Then you got up and took the paper and sat down to fill it out. 

I sat at my desk pretending to read while I watched you. You could feel my eyes watching you from across the room, so you crossed you legs again but this time the slit came up high enough that I could see the strap of your garter belt that was attached to your stockings. 

"Oh my god, she is so sexy," I thought to myself as I kept staring at your legs, watching you as you flipped your shoe up and down with you toes. Then you put your pen up to your mouth and gently moved it back and fourth across your moist bottom lip. Then you ran the pen down your chin and down the front of your suit jacket and stopped just above the top of your breasts. By this time I knew that you were doing this on purpose and I just kept watching you not even trying to hide it anymore. This continued for about another five minutes until you finished the test. 

"There, all done," you said as you got up and handed it to me. "Is there anything else you would like me do?" you ask.

"Possibly there is, but I'm not sure you're ready for that yet," I answered. 

We could start to feel some sexual tension rise between us. Then you sat on my desk crossed your legs and started to softly rub my leg with your foot. 

"Really, so how are you going to know when I'm ready?" you ask.

"Oh, I have my ways," I said, as I looked you up and down. Then I placed my hand on your knee. "This is turning in to a rather informal interview," I said as I moved my finger slowly up your thigh. 

"I can be as informal as you want me to be," you replied as you dropped your shoe off your foot and ran it up between my legs. You could feel my cock getting hard while you played with it with your foot. As you opened your legs I rolled my chair forward and reached around you putting my hands on your ass sliding you towards me. You leaned down and our lips met and we began to kiss each other very passionately, our tongues touching, exploring each other's mouths.

Then I stood up and you wrapped your legs around me as you reached down and began rubbing my cock through my pants making it even harder. I put my hand along the inside of your skirt sliding it up so I could grab your ass. I lifted your skirt all the way to your waist until I could see your thong and garter belt in the mirror on my door. 

"So how is my interview going?" you ask as you kiss and suck on my ear lobe.

"Great, your qualifications are impeccable," I said as I unbuttoned your suit jacket revealing your sexy black bra. 

"So do I get the job?" you asked as you start to unbuckle my belt and unbutton my pants. 

"Oh yes," I said, "You definitely got the job!"

"Good," you replied, "so I know it's not just because I did this..." 

Then you push me back into the chair, kneel down between my legs and pull my rock hard cock out of my pants. You began to lick the tip of my throbbing cum-filled cock and roll your tongue around it. Then you stroked my dick with your hand as you licked to get it nice and wet, tasting my precum. Finally you slide my cock deep inside your mouth massaging it with your tongue. 

While you continued bobbing up and down on my prick, I reach down and start to play with your big beautiful breasts. I pulled them out of your sexy black bra and squeezed your hard puffy nipples. I watched as your lips moved up and down on my cock as you put it deep inside your hungry mouth. 

"Oh fuck yeah this feels so good," I said as I move your hair aside to get a better look at you. 

It was incredible what you were able to do with your mouth. I never had this happen before; you got me so hot I wanted to see what you taste like. So I stood you up and sat you back down on my desk, leaned over and started kissing your breasts, licking around your areolas and nibbling and sucking on your nipples. I put my hand between your thighs and started to rub your freshly shaven pussy. Your thong is soaked because of how fucking horny you had become. 

Then I move my hand underneath your thong and slide my fingers into your wet, hot, waiting pussy. I started to kiss down your breasts to your stomach and down to your pussy, where I continue to finger fuck you and massaging your "G" spot while I licked you clit and pulled your labia with my lips. You began to moan as you put your legs on my shoulders and grabbed the back of my head. I could feel your juices run down my chin as I continue to lick and slide my talented tongue deep inside your pussy. I could feel the heat from your thighs on my neck.

"Oh you taste so good!"

I thought I could feel your pussy pulsing every time my fingers slid in.

"I want to feel your big hard cock inside me now," you said as you pulled my head up. 

Then when I stood up, you grabbed my hard cock and pulled me close to you with your legs. You grab my cock sliding it up and down your hot wet slit and put the head right at the opening of your pussy and said "Fuck me hard!"

I slide my dick into your hot pussy and begin to thrust in and out. I put both of your breasts in my hands and squeezed them together. Then I started pinching your nipples with my fingers. You grabbed my hand and put my fingers in your mouth and said, "I want to taste my pussy on you." 

I leaned over and gave you a hard long kiss so you could taste the juices from your pussy from my tongue. "Oh God, this is so good" I said. With your legs wrapped around me I put my hands on your ass so I can thrust deeper inside you. 

Your pussy feels so good as it tightens around my cock. We continue kissing passionately while we fuck. I stop and pull out for a moment.

"What?" you asked.

"Turn around," I said, "I want to fuck you from behind." 

You hopped off my desk and turned around putting both your hands flat on my desk, your legs flexing as you raise your ass high so I could slide my cock back into your pussy and continue to fuck you. I held on to your hips as I thrust my cock deeper inside you. You looked up and could see me watching us fuck in the mirror. I watched as your breasts swayed back and fourth every time I thrust into you. 

"Yes...Yes, Oh God... FUCK ME " you groan, as I kept penetrating your sloppy wet pussy. I slapped your ass as I continued to watch us in the mirror. Then I reached around with both hands and squeezed your breasts in my hands. 

"OH GOD!!!! I'm going to cum!!! Fuck me! Yes, fuck me hard, fill me with your cum," you screamed.

"OH MY GOD...OHHH...OHH...YYYEEESSS," I grunted as I released my hot cum inside your pussy. You could feel my dick pulsing inside of you.

"OOOOOHHH YEEEEAAAAAHHH," you cried as you climaxed along with me. 

We both fell back into my chair out of breath and satisfied, letting our heart rates slowly return to normal.

"That was so amazing," I said, as you got up and pulled your skirt back down. 

"I think I'm going to like working here," you said with a devious grin, while buttoning up your suit jacket. 

"Oh I think you will too," I added with a wink as I finished buckling my belt, "So when can you start?"

"I thought I already have," you replied, your hand cupping my softening cock. 

"I guess so, then why don't you take the rest of the afternoon off and start back in the morning," I suggested. 

"I can do that," you said as you stopped at the door to check your make-up in the mirror. 

"Oh Ms. Harrison," I said as you opened the door, "I just wanted to tell you that there's a chance that you'll probably be working late with me tomorrow." 

"Great! I'll be looking forward to it," you replied with a sexy smile as you left my office.