 If you read the first episode of this little saga, you know that I had a very unexpected and extremely pleasurable interlude with a delicious blonde. She wrecked all my past typecasting of women by picking me up in a supermarket and fucking my brains out before the night was over. That kind of thing had never happened to me before. Just shows that the ladies are endlessly capable of surprising us men.

Only after she was gone from my house did I realize that I was so pussy-paralyzed I hadn't even asked her name! (Yes, she was one incredible hellcat in bed.) But I figured she knew where I lived so if she should get the urge she'd know where to find me. 

Occasionally I stopped in at Ernie's, a local pub where we had spent some of our first meeting, hoping she might be around. No luck. After more than a month I just chalked the whole thing up to a memorable but isolated experience and figured I'd never see her again. One Friday evening I was prowling around the internet and wondering if I should make one more try at Ernie's when the doorbell rang. 

My, oh, my! Gorgeous blonde, all tricked up in a knockout skin-fitting black knit dress, Grand Canyon cleavage, hemline barely below fur city. It was accented by spike heels, black nylons, the whole formal rig. It was the kind of class presentation that makes even the most insolent maitre d' trample hapless waiters to provide personal attention. When I was done swallowing my tongue I managed to ask her in. 

"You'd better let me put the car in," she said. That was good news. It meant she intended to stay for a while. Besides, a strange car in my driveway would be a sure magnet for my neighbor's interest. Mrs. Harris, who lives next door, is about 112, and monitors the neighborhood constantly. People can't do anything outside without feeling her eyes tracking every move. I've actually seen her scanning the street with a pair of those little opera glasses.

When my blonde came into the house I simply had to let her go up the stairs to the living room ahead of me. I wanted to survey the rear view of that black dress and the dazzling legs that extended down from it. I remember an old movie where some guy was watching Marilyn Monroe going upstairs so intently his eyeglasses shattered. That's the way I felt with her delicious butt right in front of my nose.

"You look prepared to be doing something a lot more interesting than visiting me," I opened when we were settled on the couch.

"I'm at a friend's daughter's bridal shower," she informed me. "Of course she doesn't know that, considering it was already held last weekend. But Shit for Brains doesn't keep track of those things." SFB, I presumed, was her husband.

"That's nice," I agreed. "So you needed some free time and decided to run a little ruse. You look totally stunning, by the way."

"Something like that, and thank you. I needed a morale boost. Besides, I wanted to entice you."

"It's working," I promised. "I hope that knit stretches because in about two more minutes it's liable to be up around your waist."

"It sure does. Wanna see?" She kicked her shoes off and put her feet on the edge of my coffee table, knees bent, and spread her luscious pins slowly and widely. I mean like, WIDE. The hem of the dress stretched, then slid smoothly up her nyloned thighs. 

Interesting. What I had assumed were pantyhose weren't. They were black stockings, and they ended near the tops of those delectable thighs, high enough so the figured elastic tops were just barely covered by the skirt when she was standing. Above that was creamy skin, smooth and silky, and then the abundant thicket of soft golden curls I savored from our previous tryst.

No panties. At least there was no confusion about whether she was in the proper mood. She definitely was. The warm slot of her vulva spread slightly, showing moist pink tissue glimmering through the platinum pelt. Her female perfume immediately swam up my nostrils, heady and warm, erotically spicy.

"Do I take that as an invitation?" I grinned.

"You'd better," she said solemnly. "I felt a bit chilled coming over here. I didn't realize how much this thing was going to ride up until I was in the car. I'm not accustomed to riding around with my crotch open to the breeze."

"I'd better warm things up then." I moved over and settled between her legs. The shiny delta of soft fur beckoned my tongue. I slid my hands up the nylon-clad thighs and cupped her beautiful ass in my palms. Lifting her slightly, I buried my face in her snatch, lapping up the juices that were oozing from her inner glands. Her back arched sharply and she hissed in ecstatic response.

"Oh sugar, you don't know how much I need that, " she moaned. She shifted her hips forward to provide better access for my tongue. Licking up the shiny channel I found the nub of her clit and tickled it, then eased my lips closed around it and sucked lightly.

Her sweet ass bounced in my hands as she started pumping violently against my face. "Suck it," she almost screamed. "Oh, that's so good!" I kept working at her vulva, exchanging nibbles at her clit with sucking up the honey flowing from her aroused fuck tunnel. She grabbed my head and slammed her cunt against my face savagely.

"So soon," she gasped. "Damn, you get me there so fast." Her tummy was pulsing in rhythm with my tongue and her pumping hips. Clearly her climax was only seconds away. I sucked even more voraciously at the pleasure pit under my tongue.

Her legs spread widely, knees lifting as she strained to present her sensation center to my attentions. Suddenly her heels jammed into my back and her thighs clapped against my ears and locked my head in place as she went over the edge. With a sort of keening, moaning "Uh, uh, aaahhhhhh!!!!!...." she rolled into a massive orgasm, hips lurching violently. 

Eventually her lissome thighs relaxed and allowed me to breathe freely again. I pulled my face out of her cock burrow and grinned up at her heaving chest and flushed face. "Feeling better?"

"Oh damn, yes, for a little while anyway. Come up here," she urged. I complied. She locked her mouth on mine, sucking in the dregs of her own sex sauce at the same time her tongue seemed determined to explore my liver. I tasted strawberry lipstick mixed with the exotic flavor of her pussy juice. The position put my groin directly against her pubic bulge. My pecker was so swollen it hurt. She felt it and lifted her hips against me.

"Oooo, yum, I want that inside me," she whispered into my mouth.

I slid my hands under her firm round buttocks. Her arms and legs locked around me as I stood up. I pivoted and carried her into my bedroom, bending to deposit her on the bed. She clung and pulled me down with her, rubbing her crotch against my boner as we settled. 

"Horny are we?" she teased. "I hope that big stick has plans for the very near future. I've been stumbling around feeling empty as a dry oil well for over a month." She giggled and added, "Well, maybe not dry, exactly. Actually I've been producing lubricant like you wouldn't believe every time I think about you but nothing to use it on. I hope you have something to fix that."

"Mmm, with the kind of encouragement you provide, I expect we can make good use of that luscious lube," I agreed. She let me lift away from her and watched as I hastily undressed. My prong jutted out like the bowsprit of a ship, rigid and ready. When I knelt between her legs her fur tickled the tip of my pecker deliciously. 

She reached down and grasped me. "Oh yes, you are eager," she said enthusiastically. While she stroked my length I reached behind her and ran the zipper of her dress down its short track. She lifted her arms long enough for me to pull it over her head. All she wore now were the stockings and a sheer black half-cup bra, her nifty orbs bulging the fragile fabric. Rigid nipples stabbed against the flimsy lace. I rubbed my palms over them, enjoying the sensation. 

When she moaned approval I unclipped the tiny hook between the cups and let her tits surge freely into my hands. I don't care what anybody says, nothing can possibly compare with the soft-firm texture of a well-developed female mammary, a silky smoothness unmatched by anything else in the world. I caressed them, running my thumbs around the stiff cherries of her nipples, while she rested back on her elbows and purred. 

I was about to bend and take one in my mouth when I suddenly thought of something and stopped. Her eyes opened slowly, hazy and unfocused. "What's the matter?"

"Can I ask you something personal? I mean really private?"

"After the things we've done I can't imagine there's much mystery left. But go ahead."

"What's your name?"

Abruptly her eyes focused and widened, and she exploded in hysterical laughter that I joined happily. I have to admit the situation was completely ludicrous. She flopped onto her stomach and buried her face in the pillow, pounding it with her fists. 

"This is insane," she sobbed, still racked by laughter. "I picked you up and screwed you blind, you just had your tongue halfway to my ovaries, and I don't even know your name!"

I rested between her legs and rubbed my cheek against her beautiful ass. "It would be a bit awkward to explain, wouldn't it?" I agreed.

She reached a hand around for me to grasp and tilted her head to focus a vivid blue eye on me. "Good evening, my name is Karen." She tried hard to make it sound formal but she choked on it, snickers fracturing her attempted sobriety.

I took her hand. "Pleased to meet you, Karen. I'm Dave. Would you like to fuck?"

That set her off again. Every time a spasm of laughter shook her body, the cute round buttocks bounced against my face. I took opportunity to pass my lips over the velvety domes, enjoying the luxury of finding humor in a very erotic situation. It was also tremendously arousing. I worked my way over the ripe fruit of her cheeks and up to the pit of her back, licking hither and yon, kissing the soft parts and easing upward slowly until I lay full length on her, my lips against her neck. 

The position delightfully put my hard cock right into the hot seam between her thighs. Her dense thatch tickled my prod when I pressed it against her snatch. She moaned into the pillow. "Oh, honey, if you're still waiting for an answer to your question, the answer is yes." She spread her legs and tilted her hips to provide access for my questing tool. The tip nudged between the swollen lips and sought refuge in her flowing pecker pocket. 

As I'd discovered before, she was extremely tight. I moved my hips in and out, sliding a bit more in each time until the whole length was buried in her. The heat inside her tube was incredible, as was the feeling of snugness clutching my entire shaft. Humming with pleasure, she flexed her lower muscles, tightening her ass cheeks and clamping down on my dick. 

"That's so good," she sighed. "I've been so horny." She wiggled around slightly, making sure I had total penetration into her damp heat. I responded by stroking slowly, going all the way in on each push. Her hips picked up the rhythm, then accelerated as she got more involved in the action. Her internal muscles began to clamp and release, the flexion clasping and sucking at my dick. 

I hoped she was building as quickly as I was because it didn't take long before I could feel the pressure in my nuts starting to clamor for release. In any event it was no problem. She started gasping and moaning, telling me to go harder and deeper. Her hips were almost bouncing me off her silky body. I braced on my elbows and slammed into her faster and faster. "I hope you're close, because I can't hold back," I gasped against her neck.

"Any time, go ahead, I'll be with you," she huffed.

I bashed against her quivering ass about three more times and unloaded, splashing her cunt tube with shot after shot of hot semen. She squealed and tightened her whole body, her silken walls milking at my prod, sucking and gulping, draining every drop of pecker juice I could provide. I collapsed on her back, the last dollop of cum oozing out of my dick into her pulsing channel.

She filled her lungs and exhaled hugely. "My goodness, I like doing that. You suppose we could package it up, maybe put it in spray cans? Just think of the market. We'd be insanely rich in a month."

"Best not. The country's whole economy would collapse. People would be so busy squirting orgasms all over themselves they wouldn't have time to do anything else."

"Good point. We'd better just keep it between us." She squirmed around beneath me until we were facing each other. I was again pleased to note that even after two intense orgasms her nipples stayed rigid and swollen. I lowered myself enough to drag my chest back and forth across the rubbery points.

"You're insatiable," she accused me. "And I love it. Means I can get a hot meat injection whenever I want it."

"You're the insatiable one. You seem to think I walk around with a perpetual woodie. Do you have any idea how much energy it takes to satisfy your hot little sperm vacuum?"

She kissed me quickly. "Aw, poor baby, I wear you all out? Good. You won't be prowling around looking to get some nookie from anybody else. After all, you might have to go to the supermarket someday. Who knows what kind of temptation might drift across your path?" She was heckling me a bit because of the way we had met the first time.

"I know your type," she continued. "Just because a girl lets you poke it into her once, you think you can do it all the time. Of course in my case you're right." She rubbed her whiskery Venus mound against me and smiled brightly, faking a Filipino hooker accent. "You do again, Joe? Special price for sailor boy." I knew I shouldn't have told her I'd been in the Navy.

Amazingly my uncontrollable rod was refilling and rising to the lure. The rounded knob prodded against the juicy slot between her legs. I pushed forward and it parted her swollen cunt lips, seeking entrance to the tunnel of eternal pleasure. A bit more pressure and I slid into her slippery cavity. She wrapped her arms around me and arched her body.

"Damn, damn, damn," she moaned. "I feel like a total whore, but I have no control at all when that thing is anywhere near me. I just want to feel it filling me forever. Push hard, be all the way inside me."

After that there was no more talk. We concentrated on the purely physical procedure of building to sexual detonation, fucking like it was the first time for a couple of teenagers. When we exploded this time there was no doubt we were well and truly finished for a while. My dick was actually getting sore from the grasp of her tight little fuck slot, and I expect her cum-sucker was ready for a rest as well. Time now for cuddling and soft talk, quick little kisses and tender stroking. 

It was quite late when her car drifted under the streetlights. When I was getting ready for bed I discovered the lacy black excuse for a brassiere I'd taken off her. 34C. Very nice. This keeps up, I mused, she'll have to go shopping for more underwear. I was acquiring quite a collection of her dainties. She'd left her panties last time. In return she had one of my shirts, which probably hadn't cost as much as the two diaphanous bits she had left at my house.

I hand washed it and hung it over the towel rack, then stumbled toward my bed. I don't even remember turning the light off before sleep came to provide recuperation. I still didn't have her phone number and didn't know where she lived, but it made no difference. I knew I'd see her when the pressure of raw lechery again built up to overflow point. 

************

Thus I was a bit surprised when I was mowing the lawn late on Sunday afternoon and a car that looked like hers pulled into my driveway. I hadn't expected to see her for a while. I walked toward the car and was surprised when a dark-haired young woman waved and got out. Okay, somebody had the wrong address, and white Saturns are popular.

"Hi. Can I help you find somebody?" I asked as I approached her.

"Are you Dave?"

I was careful about answering. "Yes, but there are lots of Dave's around. Who were you looking for?"

Her answer stunned me. "I'm Karen's daughter. You know, the blonde Karen who comes over here to get laid? I do have the right Dave, yes?" Her voice was slightly deep, but smooth and pleasant. 

There was little point in trying to dodge around it. My face certainly answered her question. I could feel the heat rushing to my cheeks. The idea of somebody probing into a private area of my life disturbed me. "That's kind of personal, don't you think?"


"Did I say I was angry about it? I'm not. I just want to talk to you."

I was hesitant, but I asked her in and we settled on the couch. I didn't make it easier by offering an opening, just waited for her to say her piece. 

"Mom came home about a month ago looking like the cat that swallowed the canary. It was pretty obvious she'd dumped a lot of tension. And she was glowing again yesterday. I haven't seen her that relaxed in years."

I nodded. I still didn't understand why this young lady was here. Well, from my advanced years I would call her young. I guessed she was maybe in her mid twenties, rather pretty, with a hint of her mother around the mouth and chin. Other than that, she had her own features. 

Glossy dark auburn hair flowed halfway down her back, the kind of hair you can lift in your hand and actually feel the weight. Somewhat narrow shoulders and a tiny waist perhaps added an illusion of more bulk than her breasts really had, but even so they filled a sleeveless knit top to an alarming dimension. Her hips and thighs in a short khaki skirt were a tad heavier than I prefer, but seemed reasonably firm. All in all, an attractive woman even if not quite the stunner her mother is. 

She continued a bit awkwardly. "I can't tell you exactly why I'm here, really, except I think you are good for Mom. She and my dad hardly even speak to each other any more. She's been lonely and feeling wasted. But I have certainly noticed the recent change."

She paused and grinned impishly at me, a very pleasant smile. "If I might be a little coarse, she looked, ah, how would you say it?...well shagged. I haven't seen her like that in a long, long time. I was curious who could do that for her. We talked, and she told me about you."

I raised my eyebrows and she rushed on. "Well, not everything, I mean not every detail, but she admitted she had met someone she said was, to use her words, 'astoundingly deft' and she was clearly very happy about it." I was gratified by the praise, however indirect, but I truly did not understand why this woman was in my house. She seemed to sense that and continued. 

" This is pretty embarrassing, but I might as well admit that sometimes I wonder if my husband is lacking something or if it's my fault, or what. I just end up tired and frustrated. The last time we tried, two months ago, he...he said I was a frigid waste of pussy meat and went out to a bar." Her face showed despair and shame. 

I don't like to see anybody hurt, especially in what should be their greatest point of pride. Saying something that attacks a woman's sense of femininity is about like a woman telling a man he has a small dick. It hurts all the way to the core. 

"Look, I'm not a marriage counselor or sex therapist or whatever you need. It isn't a process you measure, like a recipe for baking a cake. I try to give her the things she likes and she does the same for me, and it works for both of us. Forgive me if I sound crude, but she's incredibly sensual. That helps a lot."

She seemed to weigh this. She sighed and rocked her head around on her shoulders, trying to work tension out of her neck. Knowing from personal experience what stress can do, I could almost hear the crackling. "Forgive me for being a poor host. Would you like something to drink?"
