 There was another knock on the door. "Coming!" Rick said, with a little laugh. He stood up, towering over Lucia, who was still on her knees in front of him, covered in his cum. She looked around and reached for her towel.

"Let me see that," Rick said.

Lucia looked at him, panic on her face. Rick reached down and took the towel from her. "Thanks," he said, and winked at her with a smile. Rick wrapped the towel around his waist, and then started walking toward the door.

"Rick!" Lucia half cried, half whispered. She was starting to get up to run to the bathroom.

"Uh, uh. Stay right where you are, you little slut," Rick commanded. Lucia froze, panicked, full of anxiousness as to what was about to happen. But she did as she was told, and remained on her knees, on the floor in the middle of the room, with large gobs of thick white cum dripping from her face and large tits.

Rick walked to the door. He couldn't believe this turn of events, nor how confident he felt at the way all of this was playing out. He was having a great time, and while he knew Lucia was nervous, he also saw a look of lust behind that panic. He knew she was loving this as much as he was. He reveled for a minute and the feel of his naked body beneath the towel. His large ball sack, having released some of his pent-up cum, was now hanging loose between his legs, and he could feel the large sack swaying with each step. His cock was now soft, but still full and felt heavy hanging between his legs. Rick loved the feeling of his cock and balls after a good cum. And he also knew those balls were filling back up again quickly.

Rick got to the door and peered through the peephole. A skinny, pimply-faced teenager stood just outside with the pizza. Rick smiled to himself as he looked down and reached for the door-handle. "This kid has no idea what he's in for," Rick chuckled to himself. He opened the door, still standing in the door frame.

"Hey, buddy," Rick said, casually.

"Hi, sir," the kid said, fairly non-plussed at Rick opening the door wearing only a towel. He had a fairly bored expression on his face. He was wearing baggy slacks, a polo with the restaurant logo on the chest, and a visor pulled casually over a mop of sandy-blonde hair. Rick guessed he was about 5'10", and just skin and bones, the polo shirt hanging loosely on his lanky frame.

Rick stood aside, waiving his hand out. "Come on in and set the pizza down. I'll get the cash," Rick said, watching the expression on the kid's face. He started through the door, looking down as he passed through, but then looked up and caught sight of Lucia and stopped short, just inside the room.

"Wha...whoa," the kid stuttered.

Rick closed the door and turned, standing behind the delivery guy, taking in the same sight and smiling. Lucia was just sitting on her knees on the floor in the middle of the room, her creamy thighs together, a hand resting on each thigh, her tight stomach showing from her straight-back posture, her incredible large breasts hanging wide on her chest - and, of course, Rick's enormous loads of jizz all over her, covering her cheeks, forehead, neck, lips, the tops and sides of her tits, her wide cleavage, her nipples, and even a few globs on her thighs. A few thick globs of cum clung to her chin, hanging there, seeming to defy gravity. The panic on Lucia's face had been slowly replaced by a look of slight amusement and mischief, a slight smile on her lips. The sight was sexy as hell, and Rick could feel his cock growing under his towel.

He walked past the delivery kid and toward his pants. The delivery guy just stood there, staring at Lucia. "Uh, uhm, uh." He finally looked away, staring down at the floor, a look of total nervousness about him.

Rick pretended not to notice. "Let me just get the money for you. Just set the pizza down on the table there," he said. Rick went over and pulled his wallet out of his pants. "How much was the pizza?" he asked.

"Uh, um. Uh, $18, sir, uh, with the Cokes." the kid stammered.

"Gotcha, just a sec," Rick said, digging into his wallet. As he did, he asked, "What's your name, buddy?"

"Uh, Tim. Tim, sir," Tim stuttered, shuffling his feet and trying to look at the floor, but continuing to steel glances at Lucia. "Cool, Tim. How old are you?" Rick asked.

"Uh, 18, sir. Just turned 18 a few months ago," Tim said, trying to swallow through his cotton-mouth.

Rick pulled out a $20 bill from his wallet. He was now standing directly behind Lucia, who was kneeling at his feet, facing away from him and toward Tim. 

"Here ya go, Tim," Rick said, reaching the money out over Lucia's cum-drenched head. This forced Tim to look over and take another glance at Lucia's naked form. And he was going to be forced to come right over to her to get the money. A look of total confusion and nervousness was on his face, but he took a huge breath and stumbled nervously over toward Rick and Lucia. As he approached and reached out for the money, Rick pulled his hand with the cash back up to his shoulder, leaving Tim standing with his arm outstretched just in front of Lucia.

"Now, Tim, my boy," Rick said with a smile. "You've got a choice to make. I can give you a tip for your efforts in cash, or...." Rick looked down and rested a hand on Lucia's head. He felt Lucia jump slightly, but then felt her push the back of her head into his hand, loving his touch. He could see her full breasts falling up and down with her faster breath beneath him. 

"Or," Rick continued, "Lucia here can suck your cock."

Tim practically gasped, and for a second, Rick was concerned he might just faint right there in front of them. Rick wondered if Tim had ever gotten a blow job before. He wasn't a bad looking kid, just nerdy, as though he had spent a good number of Friday and Saturday nights in playing video games, rather than trying to hook up with a high school classmate. Even if he had gotten a blow job, Rick was sure he had never had one like Lucia was about to give him, or from someone built like Lucia.

Tim just stood there staring at them.

"Whatcha say, Tim?" Rick asked.

"Uh...um...I mean...uhhh...." Tim stammered, looking from Lucia to Rick and back. 

Although Tim seemed to be having trouble stating his choice, there was a noticeable bulge in the crotch of his pants which gave away his decision. And the bulge had not escaped Lucia's notice, as she knelt between Rick and Tim.

Lucia reached her hands out and wrapped her finger around Tim's zipper. All three of them moved their gaze toward TIm's crotch as Lucia slowly pulled Tim's zipper down. Rick saw Tim swallow hard, clearly not believing what was happening. He then saw him nearly jump out of his shoes as Lucia's soft hand reached inside his open pants fly. Rick watched as Lucia's hand slithered inside Tim's pants, feeling for the opening in his boxers. She found it and let her fingers slide through to grasp Tim's hard cock. Tim groaned slightly at the feel of Lucia's hand, and Rick hoped he wouldn't cum right then. Lucia slowly began pulling her arm back out of Tim's fly, and her hand finally emerged with a hard dick wrapped in her small fingers. She let go, and Tim's cock stood straight out in front of him, completely rigid and smooth. It was not as thick as Rick's, but at least as long, and was aiming straight at Lucia's cum-covered face.

"Well, Tim. Looks like you could use a good blow job. And let me tell you, in case you can't tell from all of my cum all over her, Lucia here gives probably the greatest blow job you will ever get. So, would you like Lucia to suck that cock of yours?"

Tim just nodded, gulping visibly.

Rick leaned down, putting his mouth close to Lucia's ear, and whispered, "Suck that cock you hot little cumslut. Suck it for all you're worth. And then I am going to fuck that hot little pussy of yours."

He heard Lucia moan next to him and thought he saw and felt her quiver as though she were cumming just from the thought of what was before her.

Without further direction, Lucia sat up on her knees, put her hands on Tim's hips, looked up at him with her big, brown eyes, and brought her cum-soaked face up to his cock. Her lips parted, and a thick soft tongue emerged and traced its way around Tim's twitching cockhead.

"Oh, oh, oh," Tim moaned as he watched in amazement.

Lucia knew Tim wasn't going to last long, and didn't care. She just wanted his cum. In one quick move, Lucia opened her mouth wide and began engulfing Tim's long cock in her warm mouth. Tim's shaft slowly disappeared into Lucia's mouth. Rick watched as Lucia devoured Tim's cock inch by inch, glimpsing her tongue swirling over his smooth shaft. Lucia paused with almost all of Tim's cock in her mouth. Rick saw Lucia's neck muscles twitch slightly and knew Lucia was opening her throat to the cockhead lodged deep in her mouth. With one final move, Lucia pulled Tim's hips toward her and buried her nose in Tim's pants fly. She began bobbing her head on Tim's cock, making slurping, gagging noises as she went. 

"Oh, my god," Tim groaned, his head leaning back. He looked like he was having trouble remaining on his feet. "Oh, my god!" He exclaimed.

Lucia just increased her pace, her head pulling almost all the way off his cock, until just the head was in her mouth, her tongue flicking quickly back and forth across the sensitive underside of Tim's cock, and then quickly swallowing the entire length into her mouth and down her throat, before repeating the move again and again.

Tim's body began shaking. "OH MY GOD! I'M GONNA CUMMMMMM!!!!" Tim exclaimed.

Lucia pulled back until only half of Tim's cock was in her mouth and swirled her tongue around it. And then she began moaning as Tim's salty load flooded her mouth. She began swallowing furiously around Tim's cock, but she could not keep up with Tim's huge teenage load. Gobs of thick white semen began squeezing out the sides of her mouth and dribbling down her chin, dropping to her heaving tits. 

"Ahhhhh, ah, ah, ah," Tim gasped, his body twitching sharply as his orgasm crested and Lucia's mouth drove him over the edge, into an almost intolerable state of excitement.

Lucia finally pulled off of his cock with a loud slurp, and Tim's soaking wet softening cock fell down against his pants. Lucia just smiled up at him, swallowing his cum - or at least the part that hadn't escaped her full lips.

Tim caught his breath and then became aware of where he was. Nervously, he quickly stuffed his cock back into his pants. "Uh, um, th-th-thanks," he stammered.

"No problem, Tim," Rick smiled and led him to the door. He opened the door and TIm quickly walked out and practically ran down the hallway.

Rick closed the door and turned back toward Lucia with a huge smile. "You really are a little cumslut, aren't you," he said.

Lucia smiled at him and nodded shyly. 

"Well, let's see how much you like cock somewhere else," Rick said, and with that he pulled on the edge of his towel and let it fall to the floor. Rick's thick, engorged cock bobbed in front of him, and he heard Lucia moan as her eyes took it in. 

"Get up on the bed on your hands and knees, you little slut," Rick commanded.

"Yes, sir," Lucia moaned breathlessly. She stood up quickly and moved over to the bed and climbed on. She positioned herself on her hands and knees, her calves and feet hanging off the edge of the bed. Her large, full breasts hung down beneath her. Cum dripped off of them onto the bed. Then she lowered her upper body and pressed her chest against the bed, smothering her tits onto the bedspread, the outside of her full globes squeezing out her sides. Her firm, creamy white ass stood high up in the air behind her, and she looked back at Rick with a longing look, her long brown hair splayed over the bed behind her head. 

Rick walked up behind her and stared down at her incredible ass. Her pussy lips were full and already parted between her legs, and Rick saw that they were glistening with her juices. He positioned himself between her calves and leaned forward and rubbed his swollen cockhead up and down her pussy lips, feeling her juices moisten his swollen knob. Lucia moaned.

"Tell me what you want, you little slut," Rick said huskily.

"Oh, Rick. I want your cock. Please fuck me with that amazing cock. Fuck, me, Rick, fuck me," Lucia moaned, waving her ass back and forth slowly in front of him.

"You are such a little slut," Rick said.

"I am, sir. I am your little slut. I need your cock inside me. Please, please, please, Rick. Let me feel your amazing cock," Lucia begged.

Rick continued to rub just the head of his cock against her pussy, which was practically dripping at this point. Lucia pushed her ass back, trying to slide her pussy onto his cock, but Rick pulled back with her, denying her the meat she longed for. 

Finally, he couldn't take it any more, either, and in one swift move, he pushed forward quickly and slid the entire length of his cock all the way into Lucia's pussy, burying his meat inside of her. "Ooooohhhhhhhh!!!!!" Lucia moaned, closing her eyes and gripping a bunch of the spread tightly in each of her fist. Rick groaned, feeling his cock reach bottom deep inside Lucia's cunt. Her pussy was steamy, wet, and tight around his pulsing meat, and Rick reveled in the velvety feel. He slowly pulled his cock back until just the head was inside Lucia's hot pussy, and then plunged back in, feeling his hips slap against her soft, but still firm ass. Rick reached down and grabbed Lucia's hips in his hands, and then he began fucking her in earnest. Rick was in good shape, and that came in handy, as he began pounding Lucia's pussy for all he was worth. His cock pounded inside of her with a constant, fast rhythm, his hips smacking against her ass. Lucia's ass cheeks began to redden with the pounding. Rick just kept picking up speed, fucking Lucia's amazing pussy as hard as he could, as fast as he could, plunging his cock into the hilt with each forward stroke, pulling her ass back toward him at the same time.

"OOOOHHHH, SHIT!!!! OOOHHH, RICK!!!!! YES!! YES!!! YES!!!! FUCK ME!!! FUCK ME!!!! FUCK ME!!!!!" Lucia screamed with complete abandon. She was completely lost in the feeling of getting fucked hard by Rick. Her body began convulsing and shaking, as wave after wave of a powerful, seemingly endless orgasm rocked her body. Rick felt her pussy juices flood around his cock, and the squishing sound increased as he continued to fuck her hot, wet pussy.

Rick kept up an incredible pace for what seemed like forever. His huge, heavy balls swung beneath him, smacking into Lucia's pussy lips with each forward stroke.

Rick felt his balls begin to tighten, though, and knew he was going to cum hard. He pistoned in and out of Lucia's hot cunt a few more strokes, and then pulled out. His thick, swollen cock glistened in front of him. He grabbed it just as he felt the first stream of his load shoot up his shaft, and leaned forward as a huge, thick shot of cum erupted in a long rope from his cockhead. Rick watched as the shot of cum striped down Lucia's back. And then his balls completely unloaded, as shot after thick shot covered Lucia's ass and back. Rick just held his cock like a hose as he covered Lucia in his thick, warm semen. Lucia just moaned beneath him, feeling the warmth of his jizz cover her back, as it had her face and chest. Rick finally moaned and let go of his cock as the last of his load oozed out onto Lucia's ass. They were both breathing heavily as they each enjoyed the last waves of orgasm. Or at least the last of this round......To be continued....