 I had been at this job for almost 3 years. For that entire time I was content with the fact that I didn’t work with any women I considered attractive, I had a serious girlfriend so what did it matter to me? That all changed when Lisa was hired. She was a designer and had recently moved back into town. In her middle thirties she barely looked past her mid 20’s. Dark hair framing deep, dark brown eyes. She had a "sultry" look about her and an attitude to match. I knew I was in trouble from day one. 

Lisa started the job with the usual nervousness. Not exactly knowing what was going on or where to go, she kept to herself for a while. I would occasionally try to strike up a "friendly" conversation but immediately she shot me down with a cold stare and smart remark. I figured that she was just one of those "difficult" women and I left her alone Like I said, I had a girlfriend so what did I need with her?

Over the next few months she kept up with the "cold freeze", appropriate since we were in the middle of winter. But ever so slightly it was warming up, and not just outside. I had begun to notice how fine of a body this woman had. In the winter months she was covered up with thick sweaters but now the silk blouses were coming out and the precision of her curves was becoming more and more evident. She even began to make sly comments to me that no longer held the same "bite" that they once had. Usually snide remarks about my girlfriend (who she never met) and being "whipped". The comments seemed to always have an element of sex intermixed with the abuse. Every now and then I caught her staring at me, granted not as many times as she caught me staring at her ass but still, there seemed to be some interest.

One particular day she was working especially hard on a new project. Lisa was leaning over the drawing table and her blouse was hanging down. From my vantagepoint I could see her small but perfect breasts in a sheer black bra. She had the cutest, round nipples I had ever seen, and they strained against the flimsy material. For a few seconds I basked in the sight of her breasts, which swayed while she erased one area of her current project. I lingered too long and she caught my eyes staring down her blouse. Her icy stare shot through me and I knew I was busted, I was a doomed. But, to my surprise the corner of her mouth slowly curled up and sultry smile crossed her face, she didn’t stand up and "close the show" she just kept bent over the table and even swayed her ass just a little bit to ad to the entertainment. 

"Okay, what just happened?" I said to myself as I went back to my office to calm down and readjust the hardening cock in my pants. The "Ice Queen" wasn’t so icy after all; in fact, she evidently liked to flirt, not to mention she wore a bra that said "hey! Look at these tits!" There’s one thing that gets me hotter than anything and that’s a woman who knows how to "dress". I’m not talking about blouses and skirts here; I mean bras, panties and teddies. A woman that chooses a sheer bra that barely covers her nipples is thinking about something more than support. Lisa obviously liked to show off her fine breasts and seemed to take great enjoyment from making me stop in my tracks to stare.

Time went by and Lisa continued with the sexy flirting. One thing I was learning was that Lisa was very, very dirty when it came to sex. Now, that’s a GOOD thing! She actually took great delight in making me blush, or at least trying to. We were in the midst of moving to a new office when a group of us went over to check it out. It was an old office building and somebody had left a centerfold hung up on a closet door. She caught me checking it out and then decided to inform me that she was a "natural" brunette. The centerfold had a trimmed, blond pussy in the photo, and now this woman was telling me about her snatch. 

When she said it, she did so with almost an offering of "Would you like to see this trimmed pussy, instead of just the poster?" I bravely smiled back at her and risking a sexual harassment suit, I told her how much I got off on smoothly shaved pussies. The cleaner the better. She smiled and stepped towards me. I could see her nipples pushing against the linen top she was wearing. As quick as could be, she grabbed my hard cock through my pants and said, "Yes, I see that you do! Well, this is what I like." and with that she gave a nice, forceful squeeze to my dick. 

Before I could respond, she spun around and walked away to rejoin the others. I stood there with a stiff cock and a dumb look on my face. Man, I was in trouble! At this point, all I could think about was her perfect breasts and round ass...girlfriend? What girlfriend! From that moment on our "flirting’ became more and more explicit. All pretensions of not liking each other were thrown out the window. We both knew how much we wanted to fuck each other and now we were just having fun working the other into frenzy. 

Summer was in full heat wave and I would explain to Lisa how I was going to go home and get some sun. I would show her the swimsuit I would be wearing which was an extremely small bikini. I would work her lustful little mind into a frenzy of me laying out in the sun, muscles glistening with oil, and my shaved cock tucked neatly into this barely there bikini. I could almost feel the heat from her pussy, growing wetter and wetter. She’d let out little moans as I whispered this into her ear. If she could she would have rubbed her clit right there in the office or have grabbed my head and pushed me down to devour her with my tongue. 

Not to be outdone, She would saunter into my office wearing tastefully short skirts and tight fitting blouses. She would sit in front of me with her legs spread so I could catch a glimpse of today’s choice of raunchy panties or sometimes no panties at all. In on particularly heated attack, she came up behind me and proceeded to tell me how she had fucked herself last night with an enormous carrot. That wasn’t enough, she then said how she had had 4 mind-blowing orgasms. I questioned her 4 orgasms and she said that that was nothing! She was capable of so much more! Up to that point, I had never liked vegetables. All of a sudden, carrots were my favorite food. Especially when I imagined Lisa sliding one in and out of her hot, little cunt.

This erotic game went on for weeks. She would tell me of intimate masturbating sessions she had when she went home. Each one involving an unbelievable number of orgasms and how she just had to have more and more. Every now and then she would come into my office under the guise of a question and then proceed to lift up her skirt to show me her steaming, hot snatch or massage my hard cock through my pants. It was getting to the point where I was having a hard on for about 8 hours a day. She was the most glorious cock tease I had ever encountered. For a woman who could be as cold as ice, she also had the hottest sex drive to go along with it. 

It had finally grown to the point of unbearable; this game was going on long enough. It was time to "have" this Italian goddess; I just couldn’t stand it any longer. One morning I had come into work at my usual early hour. I was always the first one there, this time Lisa had shown up earlier than usual as well. We went about our usual teasing. She was wearing a cute blue sundress and a pair of string bikini panties that were almost next to nothing. I met up with her in the hallway and gently pushed her up against the wall. I decided that this was the right time to finally taste those pouty lips of hers, I kissed her full lips, my tongue raced into her mouth, only to be passed on the way by hers. The passion was intense. 

After months and months of tormenting each other sexually, the excitement to finally be experiencing each other was too much. We kissed for what seemed like hours, I held her hands up against the wall so she would have no doubt that I would have her. My cocked ached to be inside her slit, I had never had such a hard cock. It felt like it could explode at any minute. She slid out of my grip and pushed me back. Staring at my bulging pants, she bit her lip and backed away. She said "not here". She was afraid of the others coming in the middle of me fucking her like mad. I couldn’t believe it!!! I couldn’t stop now! Not when I was so close to finally "riding" this sweet piece of ass. She went off to her office and I went to mine. I was in total disbelief, I knew she wanted to be fucked as bad as I wanted to fuck her! I went back to my office and pretended to work. 

There was no way to concentrate with this raging, hard cock dying to get out of my pants. A few minutes went by (seemed like hours) when a pair of string bikini panties was flung onto my desk. They were hot and moist; the sheer fabric glistened with juice. I looked up to see Lisa standing there in her sundress. She had unbuttoned it completely and now I could see her nicely trimmed pussy and the subtle cleavage of her perfect breasts. Her nipples pushed against the cotton dress, obviously she had changed her mind. THANK GOD!!

She settled into a lounge chair I had in my office. She had slid off her dress and was now completely nude; she pulled her legs up a little and spread them far apart. One hand reached down to her beautifully trimmed muff, quickly a finger darted between her moist lips and began to massage her erect clit. She said "Fuck me now, fuck me as hard and fast as you can! Slide that dick deep into my hole and make me cum!" Well, I’m no track star but I was there quicker than Jessie Owens at the Olympics. I quickly slid out of my slacks and began to work my rock hard dick deep into her pussy. She let out a seductive moan when the large head penetrated her lips, what I didn’t have in length I more than made up for in width.

Her dripping pussy stretched wide to take in my whole shaft. Slide in a little, slide back, slide in then back. Slowly I worked it all in, with each thrust she gasped and then grabbed my ass to drive it back into her steaming cunt. With each thrust she spread her legs further and further, she pulled them up toward her chest, this allowed me to drive my shaft deep into her wet pussy. Her moans grew louder and louder, echoing through the empty offices, at least I hoped they were empty. Honestly, I wouldn’t have cared if there were bleachers and crowds of people watching me mount this hot little slut. I was pumping away at her as hard as I could. She only begged for more and more, harder and faster. In this position I was able to devour one of her breasts while I drove my dick deep inside her. She squealed with delight when I licked her hard tits, screamed when I would gently bite the tip. 

While I gave this woman my all, she shouted encouragement in the form of moans and screams and occasionally the dirtiest talk I’ve ever heard. She began to massage her own breasts as I pounded on her sweet little clit. I could feel her building to a mind-blowing orgasm. Her breathing intensified and came in short gasps. My shirt was soaked with sweat and my legs gleamed with her juices as my cock shot in and out of her hole. She began to climax while she demanded that I fill her with my cum. As she shook from the orgasm, I shot a full load of cum deep into her box. She milked my cock dry with her tight pussy; I’d never cum so much in my life. It seemed like I was pumping her forever. Before I could catch my breath, she grabbed my hips and started to pull me deeper into her dripping snatch. Her strong arms pushed and pulled, driving my still hard cock in and out of her. Within a few seconds she screamed at a second orgasm and then wearily collapsed back into the chair. 

Both of us were spent. Our animalistic act had only taken 10 minutes but it was by far the best fuck I have ever had. I’m confident in saying that Lisa was satisfied as well. She sat back in the chair for a while and massaged her swollen clit. I could have sworn that she even had a small orgasm while she did it. This woman was insatiable. She slowly buttoned up her dress; she smiled as she did it. The wicked smile of a woman who was enjoying the warmth of an exceptional orgasm. I handed her her panties that were still on my desk. 

She shook her head and said "Keep them, you earned it." I gathered myself together, started to zip stuff back up when she went to her knees and took one long suck of my cock, cleaning off all of the remainder of her juices in the process. She stood up and whispered in my ear that I had better keep that "thing" clean, she was going to need it again later. With a quick turn she left my office, her dress fluttering up in the breeze enough to give me a nice shot of her round ass. I wanted to grab her and pull her back into my office and take her from behind, but now there were voices down the hall and our fuckfest had to end. 

You’ve never seen a day go by so slowly. All I could think of was the incredible sex that had taken place that morning, and how I was going to get more. It was another day with an 8 hour hard on. AGONY! Finally, the day came to an end. Lisa came into my office, sat down in the same chair where she had cum a few hours before. She crossed her legs slowly so I could see her trimmed box, ala Sharon Stone, and then asked where I was taking her to dinner that night? After she said it, she proceeded to demonstrate her "oral" technique on a pen she had with her. With that I knew I was in for the ride of my life...but that is another story!