 "I'm glad you made it safely by the way."

Handing over the hot cup of fresh coffee, I gently sat on the couch, left knee bent underneath me. I smiled softly at the man seated across from me in the stand alone chair. He's quite fit, with a beautifully strong physique, and delicious curves lining his body in all directions. Most of his bulk is upper body, a result of long hours both in the gym and at a physically demanding workplace.

"Me too. 100 miles is a hell of a trip after a long ass week, nevermind when every mother fucker out there drives like it's Christmas on a Sunday in Vermont."

I laughed and sipped my own coffee. I couldn't lie that I was nervous to be alone with him right now. He's a fairly new friend, and I still wasn't entirely sure of what I could comfortably say to and around him yet.

"Tell me about the drive" I said, "I would really love to hear every detail of how it went." Emphasizing my point, I tucked my other leg under me as well and leaned my elbows onto my folded knees. Looking expectantly at him, I saw his dimples crease into a grin, cute asymmetrical teeth slashing, and he started recanting every last boring detail. Everytime he smiled, my eyes caught his teeth and I imagined what they would feel like grabbing at my skin. How they would send goosebumps down my arms, or if they would leave distinctive marks territorially above my collarbone. My lips parted with a sharp intake of breath and I realized he had stopped talking.

"Oh, sorry, was distracted for a minute."

Those dimples flashed again, and a low chuckle creaked out. "I noticed. You okay there? I didn't realize fields of corn got you so excited" he said.

"Well, you know, it's what you DO with it. Corn IS one of the most versatile crops we produce."

"Mm. Versatile. Speaking from experience, or...?"

I cracked one side of my grin, and winked at him. "Oh, that's for me to know, and you never to find out."

He raised his eyebrows and replied, "You think so, huh? I'll have you know I'm pretty fuckin' adept at extracting information."

"And I'm pretty good at keeping it."

"We'll see. We will definitely see."

"Is that a challenge?!" I retorted defiantly.

He shrugged in response and sipped his coffee, glancing innocently around the room.

 -

Several hours, and many drinks later, we decided to measure who was the alcoholic light weight, and were taking turns with Truth or Dare.

His turn. "Truth or Dare, Mister" I said, coyly.

Colour lightly traced his face as he said, "Wh... Did you just say 'Master'?"

"Hah! You wish" I responded, "You have to earn a title like that with me."

He grinned back, teeth flashing, "Now I hear a challenge."

"Well, if you say Dare, you'll get one."

He contemplated his choice, brown eyes shining brightly with inebriation. Those teeth of his flashed again, biting his lip. "Truth" he said.

'Fuck' I said internally. I really wanted him to take on a dare so I could get the upper hand.

"Weak" I taunted him, laughing. "Alrighty then, Truth. Do you actually want to hear me call you Master?"

His left eyebrow lifted, and he licked his bottom lip before meeting my gaze.

"... I... actually I prefer Daddy."

I parted my lips slightly, considering for a moment if I felt he was joking or not. "Hmm... Daddy.." I said softly, watching his face intently as I tested the word with my mouth. If it affected him, he didn't show it beyond a defiant tilt of his chin. After a moment of pause, his voice eeked out in a much lower tone than before, saying "Truth. Or Dare."

Dare was spoken so low I imagined I could feel the rumble that emanated from deep in his chest. Feeling deflated after he failed to choose Dare, I decided I could catch him off guard by choosing it myself. Until then, I'd only chosen Truth.

"Dare me... Daddy." I challenged, letting my eyes drift across and down his taut body, imagining all the things he could use it to make me do.

He gave a surprised grin, and nodded. "Kiss me."

Both of my eyebrows shot up in surprise, goosebumps freckling my arms. I gathered composure, inhaling, and stood to fulfill my challenge as boldly as I could drunkenly muster. 

I leaned down to a few inches from his face, hands supporting my weight on his arm rests. Smirking, I decided to hold him in suspense a moment, wetting my lips in anticipation. Just as he opened his mouth to say something, I pressed forward and poured every ounce of my pent up arousal into carressing his lips within mine. Fighting against every natural urge in my bones, I pulled away a few inches and said, "Your turn Daddy. Truth... or Dare"

This close to his face, I could better see the effects of that word far more clearly. The muscles in his cleanly angled jaw flexed as he clenched his teeth. His pupils dilated, looking down toward my lips like he wanted to see the word resting upon them. His breath quickened as he inhaled, the sound striking a deep chord within me, mirroring my own stifled arousal.

"Dare" He said, with a voice cloaked in restraint.

Now was my chance.

"I dare you..." I trailed off, forgetting what I had wanted him to do moments before. Damn this alcohol. I closed my eyes to try and remember, and felt warmth enveloping my body. I opened my eyes, gasping sharply, as he had leapt forward quietly and placed his hands on either side of my body, leaning close to my face. My breath came rapidly, albeit shallow, as I searched his face, his eyes, his tongue as it darted between gently parted lips to wet them. What was he planning to do? After staring at his lips for an inordinate amount of time, I brought my gaze to his eyes and opened my mouth to speak.

"... Hi..."

One dimple creased in response as he cocked a smirk.

"Hi baby" he said, tilting his head as he continued, "What is it you dare me to do?"

I closed my eyes again, head swimming. Why was it hitting me now?

"Um... I dare you to..." I opened my eyes, and looked around the room hoping for inspiration I could grasp onto. I landed on the bottle of whiskey we'd been pouring shots out of and flet the inspiration I'd wanted. I had to level the playing field. Grinning, I said, "Take a full swig of whiskey". He pursed his lips and leaned away, back to his seat, looking... disappointed?

"Yes ma'am" he said, filling his mouth with the warm amber liquid and swallowed. Once, twice, a third. A small drop pooled at the corner of his mouth and suddenly I imagined it was my tongue flicking between lips to catch it instead of his.

"Now it's my turn" he said, smiling.

"I still get to choose though." I adjusted myself on the couch, becoming suddenly very aware of my uncomfortable arousal. Pulling my foot out from under me, the pressure and friction sent electricity racing upwards into the simmering heat of my belly. My breath caught, and my eyes half closed and fluttered for a second. A quiet whimper was released, but I hoped I had held it in check enough that he didn't hear it. Looking back at him, he too had adjusted his posture. His head hung a little lower on his shoulders, so that to look at me he had to look up into his lashes. His legs were spread comfortably, and his back rested against the cushion. But the tension was still there. In his hands as they gripped the arms of the chair. I brought my eyes up to his face again and felt an icy jolt in the pit of my stomach as I realized why he looked so... Damn sexy right then. He was poised to leap. Fight or flight level of readiness. It was that same carnal feeling I kept buried to seem as normal as possible. The kind of sex that came from that place was well and truly wild. No words, all instinct. Teeth grabbing, bruises spreading, voices growling.

I creased my brow and tried to will my heart to stop pounding.

Catching my anxiety, he said "Tell me what you were thinking about just now"

"I didn't choose yet" I said, refusing to meet his eyes.

"You aren't going to. Tell me, or I'll make you tell me."

"I told you I'm good at holding information" I said, finally looking up. My face flushed as I did so, belying the lack of confidence I had in that statement.

"And I told you I'm good at getting it." His lips shone as he flicked his tongue over them, and pulled his bottom lip into his mouth. His eyes never left mine. He really believed he could get what he wanted. I couldn't tell him though. I couldn't give that kind of power over me to someone that could use it to... Well, to do anything. The things I wanted, the places my mind took me... They aren't places you SHOULD be going to. They're dark places, achieving pleasure and complete satisfaction in ways that outwardly are terrible. 

Using his grip on the arms of the chair, he pulled himself forward, amplifying the predator-like gaze upon me, and repeated, "Tell me what you were thinking about. Or I WILL make you."

Unable to meet his gaze I looked instead upon the rest of the room, finding my own rings suddenly quite fascinating. I thumbed the grooves in them, saying "There's nothing to say. I was just... I dunno, thinking." With my brows furrowed, I hoped he couldn't somehow read minds. The things I wanted him to do just now... 

He leapt forward faster then I'd seen him move, hand to my jaw, pressing it backwards against the couch. I inhaled, belly churning, as my eyes fluttered briefly; Half here, half in the other world. The world of not thinking, not choosing anything. The world of a submissive when her Dom tells her what she should be doing. Or shouldn't, as the case may be. The aggression he showed more and more was increasingly arousing, and I wasn't sure I could keep from telling him what he wanted if he could actually get my head into that space. Igniting the bratty side of me, I threw my hands up and grabbed his forearms. Feeling the veins in his arms, and the pulse of his own heartbeat I shrugged away the shiver that enveloped me and used most of my strength to quickly grab down at his arms, trying to shrug off his sense of balance.

"You little... No you don't" he said, steadying himself with his right knee on the couch. He brought his hands down to my waist, and used his body weight to leverage me up and over, forcing me to straddle him as he rolled sideways. With his right hand, he reached up and grabbed the base of my hair, pulled it backwards sharply to expose my neck. With his left, he traced his fingers lightly up my shoulder, across my collarbone, and circled the nape of my neck. My head lulled backwards contentedly as he did so, simultaneously loosening his grip on my hair and expanding the amount of neck that was exposed. Relinquishing my hair, he trailed his hand down my back, circling and then grazing the little dimples I had above my tailbone. As he did so, my back arched of its own accord, my pelvis ground downwards, my mouth gaped open, and my hands clenched into fists, all at the same time. One of my stranger quirks, these dimples had forever triggered the most painful, confusing, and arousing bodily responses. Every time they are touched it sends little lightning bolts to my pelvis, and contracts my body.

When he saw my reaction, his mouth fell open, and he started breathing heavier. I could feel his cock twitch beneath me, and my own body pulsed in return. I looked up half aroused, half afraid, and whispered softly, "... no.. please.. please don't"

"What was that?" he said, voice husky.

"I don't really know... it's just... it's just a thing." I worried my inner lip between my teeth and pleaded with my eyes. He was silent for a moment, until suddenly his right hand grabbed the back of my head and brought my lips to his. Tasting the whiskey on his tongue, my mouth watered, and I eventually pulled away to swallow and catch my breath. My eyes closed while I did so, my head lilting to one side as a wave of light-headed tingling rolled across my body. He took the opening and cinched his teeth into the nape of my neck, first softly and then harder, eliciting a low moan from me. My hands grabbed his shoulders, digging in with my nails, and my body pressed down into him. I could feel the heat of his engorged cock pulsing against me again, so I slowly rolled my hips in circles.

"Mmm, Daddy you're so hard"

His gasp was audible, and when my eyes opened to look at his face, his were heavy and low with desire. "What should we do about that, baby girl?" he said, tilting his head at me. I leaned in, kissed his lips, and then dragged mine to his ear, flicking my tongue out lightly and nipping at the edge. His hands squeezed my hips, sliding up to my ribs, lifting my shirt as he went. His left hand slid to my back and deftly unhooked my bra. I brought my arms down to lift my shirt the rest of the way off, until he stopped me with his free hand. Looking down, he was smirking, and my stomach clenched in anticipation. He lifted me with his hips, and suddenly I was on my back on the couch, one of his arms had twisted my shirt to trap my hands above my head, and one of his thick knees was wedged between my thighs. I tried to twist my wrists out of the shirt and he grinned wider.

"Oh baby girl, you don't think it'd be that easy do you?" he said, chuckling throatily.

I tried to bring my free leg towards his shoulders, hoping to leverage him sideways to free my hands, but before I could get farther than his elbow, his right hand grabbed me by my inner knee roughly and pushed it towards my head.

"Clever," he said, "But you'd need to be a lot faster to get away with a move like that. How about you tell me what you were thinking earlier?"

"Nothing" I lied, face flushed in temporary defeat.

He clicked with his tongue and ground his knee against my pussy, sending sweet jolts of pleasure through as punishment. I moaned softly and tried to grind back on him, to continue that delicious pleasure, but he scooted his leg out of reach. Taking advantage of the upper hand he had, he brought up his other knee to the couch, kneeling fully between my legs. Since he was hovering entirely too far away I brought up my other leg and wrapped it behind his thighs, pulling him closer to me. He then leaned down to my exposed neck and began trailing feather-light kisses around and under my neck. As I writhed, my nipples rubbed lightly against the loosened cups of my bra as he moved, stiffening in dynamic interest. My hips began rhythmically rolling against him, and I tried again to free my arms so I could touch him. I wanted to feel every thick muscle on him beneath my hands, and my tongue. He responded by crawling both hands up my arms and removing the shirt, then slipping my bra straps off my arms as well. When I moved to bring my arms down to take his shirt off as well he shoved them away and threaded his fingers through mine, pinning them to either side of my head.

"Good girls get what they want. Tell me something, and I'll decide if you get something in return" he said as he bit his lip.

"What do you want to know?"

He licked his lips, cocked a crooked smile again, expressing his dimples. "Let's start easy. Tell me something you want."

"Um.." I bit my lip trying to figure out where he was going with this, "I want... you to fuck me...?"

He laughed, and said, "Mmm I dunno if you want me to all that badly after all. You didn't even ask me properly" he replied, as he feigned pulling away from me, "Try again". He bent his head down and licked my left nipple broadly, causing it to stiffen from the sudden cool air hitting where his hot breath had just been. He alternated licking, sucking, and then biting each nipple until my back began to curl towards his mouth, willing him to continue. Instead he moved up to my neck and sunk his teeth just beside my collar bone, in the soft flesh. My head flew backwards into the couch, and my body curved into his chest as pleasure roiled through me. Sprites of cool flame danced around my skin, spawned from the churning fire in my belly. With a gutteral "Nnnng" I cracked open my eyes slightly, panting, to see that he had removed his shirt at some point in his ministrations. Muscles strained against smooth lightly tanned skin. His thick neck gave way to rounded pecks, tight nipples, and a patch of sparse hair between the mounded flesh on his chest.

His arms were impressively cut, with veins bulging everywhere the skin allowed. His abs were just defined, without coming off as too much. And there, as my eyes drifted southward, where those abs met with chiseled hip flexors, was a darkened trail of hair that disappeared below his belted waistline. Seeing his belt, my heart started beating a little faster. I knew what I wanted him to do.

"Daddy" I began with wispy breaths, "Daddy I want you to give me your belt... please" My cheeks flushed warmly as I said please. Releasing my hands, he trailed his own down my arms, and pressed my breasts around and together, massaging the flesh while avoiding the nipples. Pressing onward he trailed his nails down my ribs, to my belly button, and I twisted sideways in plesaure. Palming my hips, he leaned onto me long enough to scoot back onto his heels.

"Turn over" he said gruffly, to which I complied instantly. I turned over to hands and knees, and looked over my shoulder to watch him. He slapped my ass, hard, saying "I didn't tell you to turn around, did I?"

Chastized, I snapped my head forwards again and said, "No, Daddy"

"You want this belt of mine?" He said, as I heard the metal clasp clinking in contact with itself.

I inhaled, and responded "Yes please"

Another slap. "Yes please... what?"

I bit my lip to contain the moans already wanting to escape, and corrected myself. "Yes please, Daddy."

He responded non-verbally by slowly dragging his belt across my back, and underneath me. When he pulled it away, my body instinctively tensed, unsure of where it was going to be struck. He put it in front of my face, and tapped my mouth with it. I opened my mouth for him and he said, "Hold this". As soon as I bit down, I felt his hands roughly grab at my hips and yank as he exposed my ass to the cool air. I inhaled sharply, feeling exposed and aroused all at once. His hands were rough, likely with callouses, and he grabbed at the flesh of my ass, spreading the cheeks and tugging at the flesh of my pussy. My chest lowered, exposing as much of my lower half as I could, demanding attention. When he retrieved the belt, he trailed it down my back slowly, lifted it briefly, and then brought it down on my dimples. Immediately my hands clenched, head threw back, and my voice growled. My body was confused and caught between pleasure and pain, and my breath was coming in gulps, unsure suddenly of how to get air into my lungs.

Behind me, I heard his own breath hiss as he inhaled and said, "Oh fuck".

All I could respond was, "Mmm".

"Baby girl I need your safe word. Right now." I twisted to look at him, and sheepishly responded, "I.. I don't have one".

He sat back on his feet, removing contact with me, and I suddenly felt very empty. He pulled me backwards, skin to skin, and wrapped his arms around me to hold me close to him. "You need to give me a word, or I can't continue. I need to know when I'm hurting you, because this... This is hot. And I don't want to get carried away."

I thought for a moment, and responded, "Um... Mango. Because it's a vile fruit"

My ear tickled with his breath as he chuckled, and he smacked my ass as he pushed me forward again and said "Now stay there until I say move. Don't look at me, don't say words, unless I tell you to say them. Understand?"

I closed my eyes, licked my lips, and responded, "Yes Daddy"

The snap of the belt on the flesh of my ass sent shockwaves into my core over and over. I could feel the skin heating up until he stopped and rubbed his hands over the welting skin. Suddenly I felt moistness, and couldn't tell if he had licked it or used my own growing moisture to soothe the pain, but before I could think long on it, the belt had switched sides. When that side had welted up, there was again a cool moistness but this time I felt his breath grazing. He massaged my ass cheeks again, pinching and spreading, and dove his tongue below to my clit, flicking back and forth briefly as my hips tried to press towards him, aching for something deeper. He pulled his mouth away, and brought a rough hand down to flick back and forth, while the other hand grabbed my hair and pulled my head towards my back.
