 I'm a forty five year old construction manager for a restaurant chain. Needless to say I have spent a lot of time traveling over the course of my 22 year marriage. I know that my wife has had affairs. I caught her once when I came home early and she also later confided two other affairs to me. I didn't leave her, figuring it was a price of my job. My wife is very attractive and has always attracted looks from other men. Over the years of traveling and eating most of my meals in restaurants I have put on some extra weight, and I never really had the kind of looks that brought women running to me. In fact until the story that I'm about to relate to you that happened tonight, I had never been with another women since our marriage.

I had arrived at my destination in Georgia on Sunday afternoon. I would be there for a week, supervising construction of a new building. After watching the football game in my room I felt like a beer so I headed off to the hotel restaurant and bar. It was surprisingly empty for a Sunday evening during football season. I was the only one at the bar as I drank my beer and watched the recap of that days football games on the TV. It was shaping up to be another fun filled lonely week on the road.

After about thirty minutes a lady came to the bar and sat about two stools away from me. She ordered a draft and sat there looking at nothing really. She looked to be in her mid thirties, not gorgeous by any means, but somewhat attractive. She had shoulder length black hair and just a little bit of a tummy. After a few minutes we started some typical small talk. She was also in town on business, but only for two days. She too was a regular business traveler and we started exchanging war stories about our travels. 

We talked for about an hour and we had moved to a table to have dinner. As we finished dinner she asked if I minded a personal question. She wanted to know how my wife dealt with my traveling so much. Her travels were beginning to have an effect on her marriage. Her husband had an affair and she didn't know how to deal with it. I told her about my wife's infidelities and that I figured that it was a price I paid for my job.

She seemed surprised when I told her that I had never been with anyone else other than my wife, even after her affair. I told her about my insecurities over being overweight and that while I considered an affair, it never happened. It turns out that she had married her high school sweetheart. It was a typical jock marrying the cheerleader story. Fifteen years of marriage and her job caused her husband to begin to look elsewhere. Like me, she had not been with anybody other than her husband.

After discussing our feeling about our spouses infidelities for a while I think that we both had the same thought. Neither one of us however knew how to broach the subject. I decided to head back for my room and see what her reaction would be. When I told her that I was going to go back to my room she paused for a moment and than asked if she could join me. All that I could do was nod.

I paid our bill and we headed for my room. Neither of us spoke a word. We entered the room and neither of us really knew what to do next. She excused herself to the restroom as I sat on the bed. When she returned she had removed her clothing. She still had a great body. Her tits hadn't begun to sag and they had a great shape with large nipples. Her tummy led to a neatly trimmed bush of black between her legs. 

She came over to the bed and stood in front of me. I reached out to put my arms around her as she began to unbutton my shirt. My hands roamed up and down her back finally caressing her ass. I'm sure that her ass was a lot more firm at one time but she still had a great ass. After removing my shirt she pushed me back on the bed and began sucking on my nipples. The feeling was exquisite and I immediately began to feel my cock stir in my pants. As she continued working on my nipples, her hand began snaking its way down my stomach and began stroking my cock through my pants.

She undid my belt and opened my pants. She got up and pulled my pants and underwear off leaving me as naked as she was. She climbed back on the bed next to me and began giving my cock a slow sensual blowjob. She was on all fours next to me, so I was able to fondle her pussy as she worked on my cock. She was already soaking wet. I easily slipped two fingers inside her. 

I couldn't believe what was happening to me. I had only met this lady a couple of hours ago and here she was sucking my cock in my hotel room. As I continued to caress her pussy, I was able to watch as she worked on my cock. While she couldn't take the entire shaft in her mouth she was able to take about three quarters of it. She would than take my cock out of her mouth and lick the underside from top to bottom. While she was sucking and licking my cock her right hand was fondling my ass and my balls. I don't remember being this hard and this excited in a long time. 

I moved her ass around into a sixty nine position and I began to lick her pussy slit. I spread her open wide with both hands and sunk my tongue as deep as I could inside of her. I loved the taste of her juice. I began to lick and tongue her faster. As I took her swollen clit and began tonguing it, she buried her face on my cock. I could feel her moaning as it vibrated through my cock. 

I pulled my face away from her pussy and told her that I wanted to be inside her pussy. She rolled over onto her back and told me to fuck her. I moved over between her legs and began stroking my cock up and down the wet slit. I spent some time massaging her clit with the tip of my cock. She closed her eyes and rolled her head back and begged me to put it inside of her. I slowly slid my cock from her clit to her opening and pushed completely inside of her in one thrust. Her mouth opened but no sounds escaped as I entered her fully. 

I stayed there not moving for a time as she adjusted to my cock inside of her. I than began slowly thrusting in and out of her pussy. She put her legs around my back which put me even deeper inside of her. Her pussy felt exquisite. She felt much tighter than my wife. She than asked if we could move, she wanted to be on top for a while. I rolled over and lay on my back. She stood over me, straddling my erect cock. She squatted down and slowly took my cock inside. She stopped about half way down and began to fuck me. She had her hands on my chest and she fucked herself on my fully erect pole. Each time she lowered herself she took a little more of me inside of her. When she at last fully lowered herself onto me, she stopped as her orgasm overtook her. I held her still and pushed myself as deep inside her as I could. As the waves of her orgasm began to subside she once again began the up and down motion on my cock. 

After another minute or so she abruptly stopped. She sat up straight and looked at me. I thought great, she came to her senses and wants to leave. What she did next however totally shocked me. She told me that she wanted to let me fuck her ass. She said that her husband has never been permitted even though he regularly asked. To her, this was her last ask of revenge.

She told me that she wanted to stay on top so that she could better control how much of me she took up her ass. While I wasn't super long, I was rather thick. I think she was a bit nervous. She raised herself up and my cock came out of her pussy. She grabbed hold of it and began rubbing the head of my cock over her asshole. When she was finally ready she placed my cock head at her ass and began to slowly impale herself on my cock. I was enthralled by the look on her face as she lowered her ass onto me. When the head of my cock slipped into her ass, her eyes closed and her lips tightened. She stopped for a moment as she adjusted to the new feeling of a hard cock entering her ass. 

Over the next few minutes she lowered herself bit by bit until I was completely inside her. As soon as I was fully in her ass she began lifting her self up and down, fucking herself on my pole. I knew that I wasn't going to be able to take much more of this. I reached down to massage her clit and she picked up the speed of her fucking. She was now fucking her ass with my cock pretty fast as I continued to rub her clit. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she yelled that she was cumming. She impaled herself fully on my cock as she came. The sensation was all I could take as I began pumping my load of cum deep in her ass. She again began fucking me as I continued to shoot my load up her ass. The cum began oozing out of her and ran down my balls. 

She collapsed on top of me, both of us completely spent. We lay there and kissed for several minutes as my cock began to soften in her ass. She rolled off of me and lay next to me on the bed. We lay there and neither of said anything. She took a shower first, and when I came out after my shower she was gone. On the table in the corner was a note. All it said was "See you at the bar tomorrow." I can't wait to see what tomorrow brings.