 A long day had finally made it to an end. I was heading home to my new apartment. I was only nineteen but had managed to be out on my own. It was the start of a whole new world and I was going to take advantage of it. As I walked to my apartment, I ran into another of the tenants. He was hot. I had noticed him watching me from time to time. We made quick small talk as we checked our mail boxes. I had noticed that his apartment was directly across the courtyard from mine that we could see into each other's bed rooms if the circumstances were right. 

Like most girls my age, hormones were running wild. The images that ran through my head began to turn me on and I had not even gotten inside my apartment yet. A long day meant I needed some release. Still fairly new to being on my own, I didn't really have any other way to deal with the stress than to take care of it myself. I decided that I would have a bite to eat then do just that.

After a quick dinner, I decided to go get ready for a shower. I walked into my bedroom and suddenly felt a strange feeling wash over me. I felt as if someone was watching me. I noticed my blinds were still open and I could look out across the courtyard. My eyes quickly shot over to the window of my sexy neighbor. There he was standing. His room was dark but I could clearly see him standing in his window looking into my room. This might have creeped out a lot of people but, for some reason it turned me on. 

I decided that since he wanted a show, I would give him one. I giggled a little and started to undress. I started slowly removing my top. I did my best to pretend I wasn't being watched but, at the same time added a little strip tease dance to my movement. I didn't want to be too obvious after all. I made sure to face the window as my shirt came off so he could see my breasts in my bra. I tossed the shirt away as I flung my hair from side to side in a sexy manner.

I spun around and turned my back to the window so he could watch as I unfastened my bra clasps. I turned my head and a seductive smile crept across my face as I made sure to divert my eyes from him to add to the sexy mystery I was giving off. Once the bra was removed, I turned back to the window and cupped my C cup breasts, acting as if it was a completely normal thing for me to do.

I was starting to really turn myself on. My nipples were fully erect. I couldn't help but pinch them and roll them slightly. I massaged me own breasts for a few moments before continuing with my little show. I moved my hands down to my waist and caressed my own hips. I moved them to the front of my pants and unfastened the button in the front and pulled down the zipper revealing a hint of my panties underneath. I pulled them down and tossed them a side leaving me standing there in only my panties. I once again rubbed my hips and legs.

I turned my back to the window again to give my sexy audience a clear view of my butt. I was imagining him standing there touching his own cock while watching me. The idea that I was giving him an erection spurred me on even more. I hooked my thumbs into the waist band of my panties and slowly pulled them down as I swung my hips playfully. If he didn't have an erection before, I thought, he had to have one now. 

I looked back out across the courtyard and there he was still standing, watching. I could feel my excitement level rising. I ran my hands over my breasts, massaging them. My body started to get hot. I squeezed them a little harder enjoying the feeling washing over me. I rubbed my stiffening nipples. I was officially turned on. While I continued to massage my chest with my left hand, my right hand moved down my stomach to the warmth between my legs. 

I could feel the wetness and heat coming from my sex. I needed to be stimulated and I needed it now. I extended my fingers and began to rub my own clit. My body shivered as I rubbed. Soon I heard my own voice moaning. It was more exciting knowing I didn't have to keep quiet. Who was going to hear me? I continued for several minutes before a small orgasm hit me. I convulsed and leaned up against the window ledge. Breathing heavily, I needed more than just a quick rub down. 

I wondered if that had been enough for him to climax. I reached in to my nightstand and brought out my favorite toy. It's a six and a half inch vibrator. Still incredibly wet, I rubbed my clit again as I put the end of the toy in my mouth. I liked it and sucked it getting it wet and ready for my sex. I turned to the window to make sure my audience could clearly see me prepping my toy. Once it was good and wet, I turned it on to the lowest setting. It buzzed to life almost as if begging me to let it satisfy me.

With my back to the window I bent over. I moved it down to touch my aching clit. The buzz sent an electric shock through me. I am not sure why but everything seemed to be more exciting. Again my breathing got heavier and I started to moan. I could hear the sounds of my voice and the buzzing toy echo through the room. I rubbed the vibrator up and down my vagina teasing myself to the point that I could not stand it anymore. Worked up and ridiculously wet, I inserted the toy into my needing pussy. I moved it in and out slowly as I got myself use to the sensation. I pushed it deep and began to turn up the speed. I looked back at the window so he could get a good look at the pleasure that was on my face. I was sure from my look, he could tell I was enjoying this.

As the speed of the vibration increased, so did my speed moving it in and out. It wasn't long before I had the toy turned up to its maximum setting and was thrusting it in to me with a speed that would make racecar drivers jealous. I could feel my orgasm building deep inside. This only increased my thrusting. It felt like I was on the edge for eternity. Then it hit me like a semi-truck. I convulsed and bounced on the bed moaning and screaming. I had the vibrator buried as deep as I could get it feeling the buzzing inside me. As my orgasm subsided, I turned down the setting on the toy and slowly removed it. I laid it beside me as I tried to catch my breath. As good as it was, I still needed more.

I looked again at the window. He was still standing there. I could see he was rubbing his crotch and his jaw was nearly on the floor. I suddenly had idea of how to get what I wanted. I reached out and grabbed a pieces of paper and a marked. I wrote a message and stuck it in the window. It was plain and simple. "If you liked that, come fuck me now!"

I turned my gaze for just a moment and when I looked back I saw him dashing across the courtyard. I grabbed my silk robe and hurried for the door. I flung it open as he was in the middle of knocking and pulled him in. Slamming the door closed, I began to undress him. We kissed as his clothes were being shed and we made our way back to my bedroom. 

He was naked as we entered and I ditched my robe. His cock was at full attention and my desire was uncontrollable. I dropped to my knees and quickly took his member into my mouth. I sucked franticly like a sex starved animal. I loved his taste. I could hear his breathing become heavy and his moans as I hit just the right spots with my tongue. I bobbed up and down taking as much of his hard cock as I could. 

Several moments passed and he pulled himself from my mouth. He was near his limit and wasn't ready to cum just yet. He pulled me to my feet then moved me to the bed. I sat at the edge as he dropped down to his knees this time. I knew exactly what was on his mind. I spread my legs giving him a clear view and access to my shaved pussy. I was already so wet I had felt my own juices flowing down my legs.

I jumped when his mouth touched my sex. He licked and lapped at me with the same ferocity as I had sucked him. I felt his tongue push its way deep inside me and wriggling as he drank in my fluids. I threw my head back in pleasure and screamed. Never had I been engaged in such a primal passion before. He withdrew his tongue and explored my folds. He quickly found my engorged and sensitive clit. It only took a few quick flicks of his tongue to make me climax. I wrapped my hands around his head and held him as I bucked against his face. He continued to lick as I rode the wave of pleasure. 

I let him go as the orgasm subsided. I moved back up on the bed and he quickly followed. He positioned himself above me. He kissed me passionately as I felt the head of his cock pressing against my wanting slit. With very little effort, he entered me. Inch by inch I felt him fill me with hardness. Once he was all the way in, he waited a moment for my body to adjust. Then he started moving, slowly at first.

I moaned as he began to pick up speed and pace. It wasn't long before we were back at the primal pace as our foreplay had started. I cried out over and over begging for more. "Harder! Oh God, yes! Harder!" I found myself proclaiming. And he did just that. The room filled with my cries and moans along with his grunts, the sounds of my drenched pussy being fucked, and our bodies slamming into each other.

He folded my leg so that they almost laid upon my chest. He was so deep. Over and over he pounded me. I loved every minute of it. As deep as he was, I needed more. He let up for just a moment and that is when I changed position. With his cock still inside me, I spun around and quickly got on my hands and knees with him behind me. He resumed his frantic fucking. This time he wrapped his arms around my waist and leaned over my body just like the namesake of the position, doggy style. He was deeper than anyone had been before. 

His frantic pace was beginning to take its toll on him. One after another, orgasm after orgasm ran through me. My mind was nearly blank from all the pleasure. My body forced itself against him just as frantic as if only driven by instinct. I couldn't even form sentences or even words. The only sounds I could make were moans and cries of pure pleasure. Sensing the end was near, he grabbed my shoulders and pounded me harder than I had ever been pounded in my life. There was a small element of pain but it was brief and washed away quickly. With a loud groan he stiffened up and became still as I could feel him pumping his semen into me. 

This was a first for me. In the frantic chaos of our sex, I had not forced him to put on a condom. Thankfully I was on birth control pills so the chances were slim of me actually getting pregnant. I enjoyed the feeling of him filling my insides with his seed. This caused me to have one final climax before collapsing on the bed in a heap. 

Still out of breath, we laid there. Moments passed and he looked at me. "My name is Mike, by the way." He said. I smiled and managed to form only a single word. "Robin". He smiled back at me and we fell asleep.

The next morning I awoke to find Mike had left. There was a note on my dresser from him. It read, "I had a wonderful time last night, Robin. Never had an experience like that before. If you ever want to do that again, you know where to find me. --Mike"

I smiled. Of course I knew where to find him and I knew how to get his attention too! I grabbed a glass of water and raised it as if to give a toast. To new horizons!