 This is part 2 in the New Guy in Town series. again let me know what you think.

* * * * *

Meghan led me down the hall by the crotch, my sight was blurred either by the alcohol or perhaps the brain melting orgasm I had just experienced moments earlier during our elevator ride. My mind cleared long enough to realize that we were walking down my hallway, and then I saw my door as I was pulled past it. We came to a sudden stop at the next door. Meghan turned back to me her eyes sparkling with unbridled lust. She pulled a key from her pocket and leapt into my arms. Our lips met with a loud smack, and parted immediately as our tongues tangled together in a way that was becoming blissfully familiar. I felt her hands wrap around my neck pulling me deeper into her kiss, and her legs wrap around my waist molding herself to my body. She pressed a key into my hand, never breaking our kiss. I hooked my right forearm under her ass, and slid the key into the lock. The door slid open without a noise and I awkwardly walked into Meghan's darkened apartment, with her clinging to me for dear life. 

Meghan's right hand reached out blindly and flipped the light switch. Our kiss lost some of its urgency, and degraded into soft pecks before she pulled back with a smile, unwrapped herself from me and let herself down. She smiled sheepishly as she turned and walked across the living room. 

"Welcome to my apartment." She said, all the while busying herself with a very large stereo system. 

I reached back and shut the door. I walked slowly over to where she stood with her back to me and planted a soft kiss on the back of her neck. She groaned softly, and reached back to run her hand through my hair.

"Go sit down on the couch, baby, I've got a surprise." she whispered.

I turned and walked over to the couch and sat down. I had no idea what to expect in the way of a surprise but I'm not one to argue with a beautiful woman. A few moments later music began to fill the room. I recognized it instantly. Marvin Gaye's "Lets Get It On." She turned to face me, a devilish grin spreading across her angelic face. She began to dance with the music her hips swaying in time with beat. I was mesmerized. Meghan then began to run her hands over her chest very slowly, her palms ran in ragged circles around her tiny breasts, occasionally stopping long enough to pinch at her nipples. She took a few steps toward me and thrust her hands into her crotch. She threw her head back with a moan, and rubbed gently against her hand. 

She opened her eyes and gazed at me. Her intent was clear, she was going to get me wound up and then fuck me until I couldn't walk straight. She sashayed over to my position on the couch and pushed me back. She straddled my lap and continued her intoxicating lap dance. Her hands began to run over her legs, and back over her crotch, she laid her head against my shoulder as she roughly masturbated through her pants. My hand moved to relieve her of her duties, but it was met with her hand putting it back where it had come from. 

"No touching." she whispered into my ear as she continued to grind against herself. Her hands soon pulled away from her crotch and slid up and under her shirt, I could plainly see her hands moving around under tight top. They settled on her breasts in unison. This show was quickly becoming too much for my senses. My cock was a rigid beast begging for release from the confines of my pants. She began to grind her crotch against mine and her eyes flew open. 

"Looks like someone's excited." she said with a laugh. 

"You have no idea." I gasped out with shortened breath. 

Her hands shot up grabbed her shirt and pulled it off, flinging it across the room in the process. She now sat on my lap in a beautiful blue lace bra. I had had enough. I picked her up and set her back on the couch as gently as possible. My hands flew to the button of her pants, and in less than a second they were unsnapped and in a heap on the floor. She lay in front of me, the most gorgeous creature I had ever laid eyes on, and mine for the taking. I slid down between her legs and planted a gentle kiss on the side of her knee. I lifted her leg slightly and kissed the back of her knee. I felt a shudder run through her body. My hands slid up her chest as I allowed my mouth to work its magic on her knees and calves. I blindly unsnapped her bra, and she leaned up pulled it off and tossed it across the room. I leaned forward onto her, our lips met again, but this time only once. I had bigger fish to fry. I slowly worked my way down her neck leaving a trail of gentle kisses along the way. I kissed my way into the valley between her tiny breasts. They were beautiful not quite a handful, topped with the smallest cherry red nipples. I circled back and kissed the underside of her breasts, slowly taking her body to ecstasy. 

"Oh my God, Jon, you are making me so wet." she cooed as she tried in vain to grind her crotch against anything at all. 

I took her left nipple in my mouth and sucked hard. Meghan gasped. My hand groped for her crotch. She was soaked. My hand found the side of her panties and slid in the side, all the while my mouth moved from her left to right nipple and back again. She was going wild in my arms, when I slid a finger gently over her clit. Her back arched hard, knocking my mouth from her nipple, but managing to drive my finger into her wet snatch. 

"Jon, I can't take it anymore. Please make me cum." she panted, her face flushed from a million near orgasms. 

My hands grabbed the top of her panties roughly, I looked up at her face, smiled and tore them in half. I tossed them across the room, and got down to business. Her musk flooded my nostrils. There is no smell more enticing than that of an aroused woman. I buried my face in her pussy, lapping and sucking at her lips, trying to get as much of her juices onto my tongue as possible. It proved impossible as the harder I lapped at her, the more she oozed. She began to shake violently and I knew her orgasm was on the way. I grabbed her hips and pulled them into my face. My tongue snaked upwards and flicked over her clit.

"Oh Shit, I'M CUMMMMING!" Meghan let loose a scream that would wake the dead. Her juices shot out and covered my face. I had no intention of stopping until I was satisfied. I buried my face deeper into her crotch and began to work on her second orgasm. It didn't take long. 

"OHHHH GOD ANOTHER ONE." She whispered this time as her body tensed, and sweat beaded onto her pale skin. I kept my oral workings up until she had had a third and a fourth orgasm. After her fourth orgasm, she grabbed me by the hair, and pulled me away from her dripping pussy. 

"That was amazing, but I want you to fuck me, NOW." she begged, her face flushed from orgasm. That was all I needed to hear. In no time at all, I was naked standing in front of her, my penis pointing straight at her wet hole. I climbed onto the couch between her thighs and lay the head of my cock between her lips. I slid my hard 7 inches in slowly at first, but began to build up speed as she thrust her hips violently against me in an effort to get more into her. She was screaming louder than before and I was amazed that the neighbors hadn't tried to beat down the door. I leaned forward to plant a kiss on her soft lips as I continued to pound on her. She looked directly into my eyes and mouthed.

"Cum for me, I wanna feel you cum."

That was all I needed to hear. I felt my balls tighten and the semen begin to rush up my shaft. I pressed into her as hard as I could burying my shaft in her. That's the exact moment when my orgasm hit. I had never cum so hard before. Every time I thought that it might be nearing its end it just kept going. It felt like an eternity before I finally came down. I looked down at Meghan and smiled. We fell asleep in each others arms.