 I was still resting from my interview with Michelle Adams, when my secretary phoned me and informed me that the second candidate has arrived.

I quickly scanned through her C.V. to get some information on her that I might have needed in the interview. I learned that she was a 29 year old single mother and that she hasn't had a job for the past 7 months. Desperate, just the way I like them I thought to myself.

As I entered the board room a women stood up. She introduced herself as Janine Wills. Before we sat down I got a pretty good look at her. Not as beautiful as Michelle, but definitely worth looking at. Standing at about 5ft, she had some kind of feminine touch to her. Her most promising feature was her 36C tits straining to get out under her push up bra.

After I asked her all the necessary questions I explained to her that she was not the only candidate for the job. I said to her that the previous interview was very successful and that she had to really convince me to hire her. She obviously knew what I meant because her attitude changed immediately. She lost that feminine touch and got a wicked look in her eyes.

She stood up and approached me. As she got to me she drop to her knees and roughly pulled me closer. She undid my belt and dropped my pants. Not wearing underpants she was surprised to see the size of my cock. She came forward and took the head into her mouth. After only a few seconds of licking up and down my shaft she suddenly inserted my whole shaft into her mouth. I was never deep throated before so this was a pleasant surprise. I started to fuck her face with long strokes, pulling out and then pressing down her throat again. It took only two more minutes to shoot my load down her throat. She drank it all and cleaned off the last drips of cum that leaked from my cock.

After the cock sucking I thought it was time to return the favor. I picked her up from the ground and guided her to the table where just hours before I was fucking Michelle's brains out. She got onto the table and I opened her legs wider for some access to her honey pot. To my surprise she wasn't wearing any panties. In front of me was a bald pussy waiting to be ravished. I started to lick up and down her slit. She was wet and enjoyed the attention her pussy was getting. I opened her legs some more so that her pussy was stretched wide open. After entering a finger into her cunt I started to work in and out of her. Her pussy started to loosen up and I could enter another two fingers. Working her into a frenzy got me hard as a rock again. 

I stopped with the finger fucking and decided it was time to fuck her. As soon as my cock touched her pussy lips she bucked her hips and pushed onto my dick. Her pussy was very tight and I could only get about four inches into her. She was determined to get all of me into her so she grabbed my ass and pulled me towards her. I started to slowly fuck her, pulling out so that only my head was inside her and then forcing my way back in. We settled into a good rhythm and it wasn't long before I felt my second load coming. I didn't want to come inside her not knowing if she was on the pill so I thought of another idea.

Just to make sure she knew who was in charge I pulled out of her. I pulled her towards me and ripped open her blouse. She tried to stop me but it was too late, I tore off her bra and it revealed a nice pair of tits. I pushed her to the ground and then sat on her so that my dick was in between her tits. I ordered her to push her tits together. She did it and I started to fuck her big tits with long strokes. After a while of protesting from her side and enjoyment from mine I shot my load all over her face. 

I got up and started to put my trousers back on, when she asked me if the interview went well. I said to her that it definitely went better than the first one. She just smiled and said to me that I can come on her tits any day I like. That did the trick and I instantly hired her for the position.

I did manage to get Michelle back for a second interview. Let's just say that I fucked her in all her holes and even Janine got into the action. But that is story for another time...