 It's my first week in town, having just moved. After a long week of unpacking and moving in, a little distraction is welcome. Before moving down, having made contact on the Internet before moving, as I would not be alone in this new place, I had been setup on a blind date. Not having had good luck with blind dates, or dates in general, I was hesitant, but my need to get to of the house won over all other reason.

He name was Wendy, she was 27 years old, red hair, green eyes, 5'6 with a medium build, or so I was told. Being skeptical buy nature, I decided not to get my hopes up.

The designated meeting place was at a local hotel, at the bar. I walked in and scanned the area, not seeing her, so I went up and to a seat at the bar that offered a good view of the door. 10 minutes passed, so I ordered a drink, then 15, and at close to 30 minutes I was ready to leave, and was about to stand, when someone called my name. I turned, and any negative emotions I had about being almost stood up vanished with out a trace. She was gorgeous. Somehow I managed to reply and smile.

"I'm so sorry' she said 'I was running late, I get here as soon as I could. Let me buy you a drink."

I was amazed, and glad that I had not left any earlier. Pleasant conversation followed, she was easy to talk to, and we were fast friends. We had much in common, and enjoyed each other's humor. As the night wore on, things became a bit friendlier, slowly moving closer to each other, casually touching. There was a small dance floor near, and a slow and romantic song was playing, so I worked up the courage to ask her for a dance. 

Immediately we closed the distance between our bodies. I had one hand around her waist, the other gently holding a soft hand. Conversation was minimal, we were just enjoying each other's company. All to soon the dance ended, and we made our way back to the bar, hand in hand.

Back at the bar, she confessed to me that she was very unsure about going thru with this blind date, and she almost didn't come, which is why she was late. I told her that having met her, I was happier with her choice to come than she would know, that it had been a long time since I enjoyed such a wonderful evening with a beautiful woman. She smiled and greed with me, then placed her hand gently on my cheek. I smiled and closed my eyes, telling her how wonderful her touch felt.

I opened my eyes, and looked into hers, she was biting her lip, and I smiled, she giggled and asked me what, and I told her how adorable that was. I decided to take another risk, and asked her if she would like to go somewhere quite, and much to my pleasure she said yes.

I asked her to suggest a place, as she knew the city better than me, and she smiled mischievously and said 'my place.' Never one to disagree, I followed her out, and walked her to her car. Her place was close, and it didn't take long to get there. I followed her thru the gate, parked, and eagerly found her.

She led me buy the hand up to her second floor apartment, and I was impressed, as it was as beautiful as she. We sat on the couch, listening to the soft jazz. I couldn't help but wonder if she might be having the same thoughts as I, steamy and passionate.

I couldn't take it any longer, I had to find out. I reached up, and caressed the soft skin of her face, as she had done mine earlier, and leaned in , staring into her eyes, then closed them slowly, and let my lips softly brush hers Sensing no resistance, I kissed her again, soft, just the lips at first, the slowly letting my tongue out to meet hers.

We moved closer together, letting our hands gently run across one another's bodies. I moved from her lips and let my lips slide across her cheek, then let my tongue out to flick her earlobe, then gently traces my way down her neck, planting kiss's every inch.

She leaned her head back and moaned softly and I continued my way around her neck. I moved my hand to the base of her neck, caressing her skin, bringing her down to look me in the eyes. She leaned in and kissed me, more passionate this time, her tongue probing deeper. She put a hand on my chest, and started to undo the buttons. I slid my hand up her leg, and up inside her shirt, cupping her breast outside her bra, gently squeezing gently, feeling her stiff nipple.

She leaned back, smiling sexily at me, and got up off the couch, turning, and walking to the bedroom. Pieces of clothing leaving a trail for me, she looked over her shoulder at me, but I didn't need any directions. I followed suit, and when I got to the bedroom, she was waiting for me on the bed, clad only in her white bra and panties, in the process of removing her bra.

I lay down beside her on the bed, putting my hand on her waist, pulling her to me. Our lips meant again, and I ran my hand up her side, then tracing my fingertips around , up her spine, then across her shoulders and neck, down to her breasts, circling her nipples, making them stiffer. Rolling her onto her back, I missed my way down to her chest, moving to flick her nipples with my tongue, then taking them in my mouth, feeling my tongue ring against them.

Feeling her supple breasts in my hands, I move over her, and kiss her again, then make my way down her body, kissing, nibbling, and feeling her beautiful skin against my lips. I get to her belly and she arches her back in anticipation, running her fingers thru my hair. I part her legs gently, feeling her skin on my cheek as I move further down, pausing, letting the feeling linger.

Her legs are spread, over my shoulders, and I rest my hands on her tummy, running my fingertips in circles, while kissing the inside of her legs, making my way further up. I can feel her warmth thru her panties, and I kiss a small wet spot on them, pressing softly. I look up and smile at her, but she has her eyes closed, lips parted slightly.

I pull her panties to the side, and lick slowly on both sides of her lips, teasing her, and she moans again, and arches her back, bringing her close to my mouth. I lick up and down, bringing my hand down and exposing her most sensitive area, teasing around it with my tongue, then placing my lips over it and sucking slightly, running my tongue ring over her clit, while gently caressing her soft skin. 

She begins to breath rapidly, and begins to squirm and I am force to hold her to me, as to prevent her slipping away. She runs her hands down her body and puts her hands on my head, holding my head down. I can sense her nearing orgasm, and I increase the pace, wanting to give her most pleasure possible. Her back arches one last time and she lets groans loudly and bucks on the bed for 30 seconds, a minute, and her breaths slow, and I kiss my way back up her body, and lay beside her.

Her eyes are still closed, and I pull her too me wrapping my arms around her, feeling the warmth of her skin on mine, and we lay there together for a few wonderful minutes, saying nothing but enjoying the company very much.

I don't know how much time has passed, but she begins to stir, running a hand across my chest, tweaking my nipples, and then slowly moving further down. Soon she is running her fingertips across me, arousing me even more, and she begins to stroke me, squeezing me harder.

She lifts herself up and moves down my body. I am surprised at the sudden urgency. She positions herself over me and slowly lowers herself. I close my eyes and moan as I enter her, enjoying it more and more the deeper she takes me into her. She he warm and tight, and I can already feel her juices running down onto me.

She leans forward and kiss's me deeply, then begins to move up and down slowly at first, going up until I almost fall out, then all the way back down until I can go no deeper. I run my hands across her legs and up to her chest, cupping her breasts in my hands, pinching her nipples slightly. I love how beautiful and sexy she looks and tell he as much, while running my hands across to her backside, cupping her ass in my hands and helping her move up and down, moving faster with each passing minute.

Our bodies come together harder, making slapping sounds, and I feel her sweat dripping onto my body. I pull her down to kiss her deeply and move to roll her over, but she resists, taking my hands and pinning them above my head. Sure, I could move her, but I willingly submit to her desires.

She slows down and begins to tease me. Pulling my almost out of her, then moving only a quarter, or halfway down, quickly, just to give me a quick feel, then keeping only the head inside her, moving only slightly up and down.. I attempt to thrust my hips up to go deeper, to feel myself inside her again, but she it to quick, and pulls away, leaving me wanting her more and more.

I look into her eyes, and can see that she very much enjoys teasing me. I make a few more feeble attempts to thrust up into her again, but finally give up. She continues to move only part way down, quickly and randomly. I close my eyes savoring what little she gives me.

Then with out warning, she sink all the way down, 3, 4, 5 times in a row, letting me linger inside her for a little long each time. She releases my hands and I immediately grab her around the waist. We move faster together, groaning. I can feel myself nearing climax and can tell he is as well. Her head is down, hair brushing me in the face. I can hear her panting and moaning. She leans back and begins to slide front to back, with her hands on my chest. She sucks her breath in short gasps and her body tenses. She moans loudly, almost screaming, and her body quivers, but she doesn't stop. She begins moving up and down on me again faster I hold her hips tighter and fight the urge to lean back and close my eyes because I want to watch her. She looks into my eyes and leans forward and whispers to me 'cum inside me baby' and that is all the encouragement I need. Muscles all over my body tighten and I thrust up to meet her. I can feel the orgasm beginning in my balls and move up thru out my body. I lean my head back and moan that I'm Cumming and she keeps on going. The orgasm continues to roll thru my body, rising with each spurt. Slowly my muscles relax and she slows down, eventually stopping.

I open my eyes and see her leaning forward, kissing my first on the forehead, then on my eye lids, nose, then finally, she softly caress's my lips with hers. We look into each other's eyes, saying nothing, and she lays her head down beside mine, staying on top of me. I wrap my arms around her and we drift of to sleep in each other's arms...