 I drove home in silence. I wandered where Derek and I were headed. Would we develop a relationship or was sex last night just another conquest for him? He was a great looking guy, with a wonderful personality. I assumed he probably hit on a lot of the models, single or married. They might be even hitting on him. The more I thought about it, the more depressed I got. If I couldn’t be happy for myself, at least I could be happy for my mother. She and Kenny had seemed to hit it off immediately. He was a lot like Derek in many ways especially looks and personality.

I drove past the garage as I entered town, Dan’s truck was still sitting out front with the for sale sign in the window. I drove to Mom’s house, unlocked the door and carried in the clothes she’d bought on our little shopping trip. I got a cold drink from the refrigerator and sat down in front of the television. There wasn’t much on TV so I decided to drive over to the apartment. I didn’t expect Dan to be there so I wasn’t disappointed when he wasn’t. 

I plugged in the new telephone cord, using a pair of pliers to get the old plug out of the wall socket. I checked the phone. Hey! It was working. The rest of the day I just catnapped on the couch. I was hoping the phone would ring. I kept thinking a call from Derek would be nice but the phone never rang. I woke up later in the afternoon, grabbed the laundry and headed for the town’s only Laundromat. It was deserted as usual.

I drove by Mom’s on the way back to the apartment to see if she was home. I just wanted someone to talk to. Mom wasn’t home yet so I drove back to the apartment. I hated being there by myself. I fixed myself a frozen TV dinner and glanced over the town’s weekly paper. Same old boring news, it hardly ever changed. I finished dinner and decided to take a shower.

I stepped into the shower feeling the warm water spray across my body. It reminded me of the shower Derek and I had shared the evening before. I wished he were here with me now. I stepped out of the shower and dried myself off. I sat on the edge of the bed awhile before deciding to get dressed. I went to the dresser and picked out a bra and some panties. I slipped the panties on, checking myself in the mirror. I had to smile at myself. I did look hot. I stretched out on the bed and relaxed. I let my hand drift down towards my pussy. I needed some relief. I started rubbing my pussy through my panties. I rubbed slowly, it felt great. I massaged my pussy harder. My hips wiggling a little as I daydreamed it was Derek’s hand working on me or Bryan’s hand! Why I thought of Bryan, I’m not sure. His image just came into my head. I thought about his strong, athletic body and his huge cock. I slipped my hand down inside my panties. I fingered my clitoris. My pussy was getting wet, very wet. I slipped my middle finger inside me, pushing my pelvis downward. I rocked back and forth as I stroked my finger in and out of my pussy. I lifted butt up off the bed and slipped my panties off, spreading my legs as wide as I could. I fingered myself, mentally imaging Bryan’s cock fucking me. My pussy was soaked. The sound of my finger stroking my pussy filled my ears. I teased my clit till I got myself off, a long, slow orgasm. I kept my finger inside me till I recovered. I pulled my finger from my pussy and slipped it between my lips. I teased it with my tongue. I loved tasting my own juices, I always had. I relaxed on the bed, falling asleep. I slept till late in the evening.

I looked over at the clock radio. It was a little after 11:00pm. I hadn’t heard the phone ring. Surely Mom was home by now. I needed to get her car back to her. I dialed her number; it rang about six times before anyone answered. It was Kenny on the other end. I was a little surprised. I asked if Mom was there, he told me to hang on a second. Mom picked up the extension.

“Hi. Whatcha up to?” I asked jokingly.

“Oh, not much. Kenny and I were just getting ready for bed.” She answered back joking.

“Oh! Well, I need to get your car back to you so you’ll have it in the morning for work.” I said. 

Mom told me to just leave the keys under the seat and the door unlocked. Kenny would drive her by in the morning and pick it up. I thought Mom’s remark about her and Kenny “getting ready for bed” was a joke when she made it. I guess it wasn’t, he was going to spend the night with her. I doubted they were planning on actually getting much sleep. Mom asked if I was alright. I told her I was, even though I wasn’t. We’d talk tomorrow evening.

I didn’t sleep much that night. I kept thinking about Derek and what he was up to. I even questioned myself if he was sleeping alone this night. Probably not! I finally dozed off early in the morning. The clock radio alarm went off scaring the hell out of me. I jumped out of bed and headed for the shower. I put on a new skirt and blouse I’d purchased Saturday, fixed my hair and put on my make-up.

I stopped by the convenience store and got my usual cup of morning coffee before heading out on the highway towards Pueblo. It started to rain, my wiper blades barely brushing the water off the windshield. The car needed a lot of repairs but I couldn’t afford them right now. I drove into the garage at the studio, parking next to Derek’s truck. I rode the elevator up to the second floor and stepped off. Derek was in the studio repairing some lights. He smiled as I approached him. I smiled back. I stopped at the coffee maker and refilled my cup. Derek walked over to me and put his arm around my waist. I pulled away from him. My reaction surprised him. 

“What’s the matter?” He asked.

“Nothing. I just don’t feel all that great this morning.” I said lieing to him. “I’ll be alright.”

Derek continued working on the lights. I checked for phone messages and then went into the computer lab to work on the media chips. I forgot the ones I needed to work on were the shots of Bryan. I inserted the chip into the reader and downloaded them onto the computer. I started working with the first shots, the ones of Bryan in his tight, white briefs. I adjusted the color and contrast, checking every detail. I cropped out all the unnecessary background. Saving the results of the finished pictures in a separate file. I was about done with the shots of Bryan in his white briefs when Derek came into the lab.

“I’m going to have to run up to the Springs to get some new fixtures and parts for a couple of the lights. I’ll be back later on this afternoon.” He informed me.

I said OK. I had a lot of pictures to enhance and work through. There were some bills I needed to write check for. I had plenty to keep me busy. He asked if I was feeling better. I just nodded my head. I didn’t really give him an answer. I heard him pull out of the garage. I stopped and thought to myself, “why am I acting like suck a bitch?” I couldn’t really come up with an answer. 

The phone rang several times. The calls were all for Derek so I just took messages, explaining I’d have him return their calls when he got back. I worked on the pictures of Bryan till noon; I had most of the full nudes of him completed. I took extensive time with each one, trying to perfect them. I was getting aroused just looking at them, wondering how many women he’d impaled on that huge cock of his. I daydreamed of what it would be like to have him slide it inside me.

I broke for lunch, heating up a frozen entrée in the kitchenette’s microwave. I wasn’t really hungry. I was thinking about Kenny and Mom spending last evening together. I was happy for Mom and hoped she and Kenny would develop a stable relationship. Mom was a great woman; she needed a man in her life. Being almost forty is still in your prime I thought. 

I heard footsteps coming up the stairway from the street, a man’s footsteps. I got up from my desk and looked to see who it was. It was Bryan. He didn’t have the lady with him we’d seen him escorting at the Rocky Road Saturday evening. He smiled when he saw me. 

“Hey there!” Bryan said.

I smiled and returned his greeting. He asked if Derek was around. I explained he’d gone up to the Springs for some lighting fixtures and parts. He seemed a little annoyed that Derek wasn’t there. He mostly wondered how the pictures had come out. 

“They came out great. I’m almost done with them.” I replied. “I’m not quite done with all of them yet.”

“Derek’s got you working on them.” Bryan quickly questioned. “Wow! Doesn’t that bother you?”

I told him it didn’t bother me seeing pictures of him in his briefs and nude. I was lieing and I think he noticed my voice being a little choppy. Bryan just stood there looking at me. It made me a little nervous wondering what he was thinking. I walked over to the desk and pulled a cigarette out of the pack. It gave me a chance to think of something to say. I finally asked him if he wanted Derek to call him when he got back.

“No. That’s OK. I was just curious about the pictures. I’m kind of in a hurry for them. I need some prints made from some of them.” He replied.

“Well, I’m afraid I can’t help you there. Derek hasn’t shown me how to do the prints yet.” I said apologizing. We just haven’t gotten around to it yet.”

“Can you show me a sample or two on the computer? Just curious to see for myself.” Bryan asked. 

“Sure. I can show you what I’ve already got done.” I answered.

Bryan and I walked across the studio to the lab. I sat in front of the computer. Bryan stood behind me looking over my shoulder. I pulled up the first picture of Bryan. It was one in his white briefs. He really liked the picture. I flipped through a few, letting him see how well they’d come out. He was pleased to say the least. I felt his strong hand on my shoulder. I didn’t move to shrug it off. We looked through several pictures finally bring up the nudes. He remarked that he thought the people would like them. That remark kind of put a question in my mind. What did he mean by “the people would like them”? I didn’t ask knowing it wasn’t any of my business. We finished looking through the pictures I’d completed. I reminded him there were still a few to be processed yet. He said he’d seen enough. He asked me to remind Derek to get the prints done for his portfolio. I told him I would as soon as he returned later in the afternoon.

I walked out of the lab heading back to my office. Bryan was following me. I could feel his eyes looking me up and down. I stood at the top of the stairs figuring he’d proceed to leave.

“You know, ole Derek and I are good friends. We’ve shared a lot of women together.” Bryan remarked. “Not just a few, a lot.”

“I’m sure you have.” I smarted back at him. “I doubt if Derek gets lonely.”

I think my nonchalant answer took him by surprise. At least, I hoped it did. Bryan moved over closer to me backing me up the stair post. He put his hands on my waist and kissed me. I started to push him away but I didn’t exert any strength. His lips pressed hard against mine, grinding. His hands slipped from my waist down to my butt. I felt him squeezing my ass through the leather material of my short skirt. He kissed me hard and I kissed him back even harder. I felt my passions rising as we kissed. He was becoming excited, the bulge in his slacks pressing hard against me. I had to stop him before it got too far out of hand. 

“Let’s go upstairs. Derek’s got this huge bed up there.” Bryan suggested.

“No, we can’t. That’s Derek’s apartment, it’s strictly off limits.” I told him.

Bryan looked around the office. He grabbed my hand and led me back into the studio. He spotted the carpeted platform against the far wall and pulled me towards it. When we got to the platform, he turned and kissed me passionately, pushing me down till I was sitting on it. He stepped back and pulled is shirt off over his head. His muscular body towering over me. I just sat there, not moving. My hands gripped the edge of the platform. Bryan unbuckled his belt and unzipped his slacks. He kicked off his shoes as he slid the slacks down his strong legs. He was stripped down to his briefs in seconds. The bulge in his briefs looked like it was going to burst through the material any minute.

Bryan’s hand rubbed over the bulge teasing me. He put his hands on the elastic waistband and shoved the briefs down his legs. His huge cock sprang out at me. I was breathing hard; Bryan knew he had me excited. He stepped towards me, straddling my legs. His hard cock with its large mushroom shaped head just inches from my face. He put his hands behind my head and pulled it towards his cock. I opened my mouth wide as he slipped it between my lips. I closed my eyes and started sucking on the head of his cock. I licked all over the head and flicked my tongue underneath it. I couldn’t believe how big his cock was but it didn’t scare me. I was so turned on by the feel and taste of it. I wanted to suck his cock till he shot his hot load down my throat. He held my head while he fucked short strokes into my mouth. I started to put my hand on his cock so he wouldn’t force too much in. He pushed my hands away.

“No. No cheating. I don’t want a fucking hand job. I can do that myself.” He exclaimed.

He kept pumping his cock into my mouth till my jaws started hurting. He wasn’t about to cum. I tried working my tongue to see if I could get him to shoot his load. He had too much self-control to allow that to happen. He stroked his cock, pulling it out of my mouth for a few seconds. It gave me time to catch my breath. He pushed his huge cock back between my lips. He was stroking with one hand and holding the back of my head with his other hand. I couldn’t pull away as he fucked my mouth. He gripped the back of my head firmly as he shot his first load down my throat, almost choking me. I gasped for a quick breath as he pumped his second load into my mouth. I couldn’t swallow all of it. The excess cum dripped out of my mouth down onto my skirt. I had my hands on his legs trying to free myself but I felt myself pulling him towards me instead. I wanted all of his cum, every bitter drop. I felt his hand release my head but I kept my mouth locked onto his still erect cock. I licked the head of his cock clean. Bryan looked down at me with a smart-ass grin. He knew I loved sucking his cock, swallowing his cum. I released my lips from his cock. He stepped away from me.

“Now for some of that hot pussy of yours.” He muttered.

“No, I can’t! No way I could take you inside me!” I cried.

Bryan pulled me to my feet and started unbuttoning my blouse. I pulled his hands from my blouse, exerting enough effort to make him realize I meant what I’d said. He stopped trying to get my blouse off.

“Ok, Ok. Can’t blame a guy for trying.” He said.

I told him I’d have Derek call him when he got back. I headed for the dressing room to clean his cum off my skirt. I was glad it was leather, it cleaned up a lot easier than if it had been some other material. I didn’t know why I’d stopped Bryan from trying to fuck me. The night before I dreamed about him as I fingered myself off. I put all thoughts of Bryan out of my mind. The rest of the afternoon, I worked on Bryan’s photos, finally finishing them. It was almost 4:00pm.

I heard the garage door open and the sound of Derek’s truck enter. I walked over to the elevator and took it down. Derek had quite a few boxes in the bed of the truck as I approached him. 

“Hi! Feeling better?” He asked.

“Yeah. Yeah, I’m feeling better.” I answered. “Let me help you with those boxes.

I avoided his eyes, picking up some of the small boxes to carry to the elevator. We loaded everything on the elevator and took it up to the studio level. I mentioned to him about Bryan stopping by, wanting prints from last Friday’s shooting as soon as possible. I told him he wanted him to call him. I didn’t say anything more about Bryan’s visit earlier in the day.

We unloaded the boxes, taking them into the studio. Derek phoned Bryan from his office. I opened up the boxes while Derek made his call. 

“I’m a little hungry. I didn’t stop to eat.” Derek stated. “How about we go out for dinner?” 

“I’m not really hungry. I should be getting home. It’s almost 5:00.” I replied. 

I could tell by the look on his face, he was disappointed by my reply. I realized I shouldn’t have said it. I walked into my office and picked up my purse. I took my car keys out. Derek was standing in the doorway, blocking it.

“What went on her today while Bryan was here?” Derek asked with a stern tone. “Something’s wrong. I can tell.”

I didn’t know what to tell him. I just stared down at the floor.

“Nothing went on. We just went through some of his pictures on the computer is all.” I lied, hoping Derek would believe me.

“OK. What else went on?” He inquired. “Did he hit on you? I know how Bryan works.”

I shook my head no. “Nothing happened. I’ve got to be going.”

Derek stepped out of the way and I made my way across to the elevator. I looked back at Derek. He had a concerned look on his face. I felt I should confess but I was worried he’d go into a rage. I took the elevator down to the garage level and got in my car. I pushed the remote and the garage door lifted slowly. I backed out and drove towards the street. Derek stepped out in front of me. I slammed on the brakes. I almost hit him; the bright sun hid blinding me. Derek stood in front of my car, his arms folded across his chest. He walked towards my car door.

“Get out of the car.” He ordered. “Get the fuck out of the car.”

Derek opened the car door. I put the car in park and shut off the noisy motor. I didn’t know what to expect. I got out of the car and just stood there looking at him. I braced myself, not knowing what to expect next. He grabbed my hand pulling me away from the car, slamming the door shut. He reached over to the door control box on the wall and pushed the “close” button. I just watched him unable to move. He reached in through the open car window and grabbed my purse, handing it to me. He held me by the arm and pulled me towards the elevator. The sounds of the garage door closing finally stopped. We got on the elevator and Derek pushed “3”. We rode the elevator up to his apartment, not saying anything. Derek’s hand firmly grasping my arm.

The elevator stopped and we stepped off into the apartment level. 

“Ole Bryan just had to fuck you, didn’t he?” He yelled. “Did he force you or did you go along willingly?”

“I didn’t fuck him.” I muttered. “I didn’t.”

“So what did you two do then? And don’t tell me nothing. Don’t fucking lie to me.” He shouted. 

I told him what had happened. I didn’t go into details. I just told him I gave Bryan a blowjob and I did it willingly. I had to try hard to keep from crying. I bit my lower lip till it hurt. Derek was pissed, thoroughly pissed. He walked away from me towards the kitchen. I waited a minute or two before walking over to him. He looked at me with fire in his eyes.

“Get out! Get the fuck out of here!” He screamed at me. “I don’t want to ever see you again, ever!

I jumped back as he flew into a rage. I ran to the elevator and rode it down to the garage level. I opened the garage door and drove out into traffic, almost causing an accident. I sped out of town, trying to get away fast. I was crying so hard I had trouble watching where I was driving. I passed a county sheriff’s car coming towards me. I was speeding well past the limit but he didn’t turn around and chase me down. I’d thrown away a good job and a friendship. Most importantly, I’d deeply hurt Derek. How could I have done all that in the same day?

I got back to the apartment. The phone was ringing. I didn’t answer it; just let the answering machine take care of it. I played back the message. It was Mom asking me if I wanted to come over for dinner. I erased the message. I never called her back that evening. 
