 I arrived at the hotel about half hour early. I wanted to make sure the room was nice. The woman at the registration, she was so sweet. I didn't really tell her why I was there. She figured I was meeting some one, I just tried not to elaborate too much. She let me check out three different rooms and pick the one I wanted. She even upgraded me to a Jacuzzi room. After she left I commenced to get settled in the room. Arrange the toys and lube with condoms. Changed into a powder blue silk negligee which came to just below, my freshly shaven pussy. The waiting has now made me more nervous again. 

I noticed a car pulled up by the window. My phone suddenly rang making me jump.

'So, that wouldn't happen to be you who just pulled up?' I asked. Trying to sound sexy, without sounding nervous.

'Yes, it is, I know I'm close. Which one?'

'Room ***.' I replied. I had been reading a book, I jumped up, put it away, checked the room again. Now butterflies. I sure hope I'm not dead in an hour.

He knocked softly and I opened the door, staying behind it. He walks into the room far enough for me to close the door. He came in with his sunglasses still on and a jacket on his arm. He reaches an arm around me as he turned, pulling me in and kissing me deeply as both of our tongues began exploring each other's mouths. He pulled back and took off his glasses and set down his coat. And commenced passionately kissing me. Bringing his hands down to cup my ass.

'Very nice kisser.' I commented.

'I thought to let you be the judge.' He murmured softly.

While still kissing, I pulled back just enough to begin unbuttoning his shirt. His hands were slightly cool against my hot skin as he brushed them along my shoulders, then kissing along my neck and shoulder area. Then dipping the shoulder strap more, he took my nipple into his mouth. My pussy clenched and became so wet. Instantly. He stood back up, as I finished unbuttoning his shirt completely, revealing his very sexy and hairy chest. Dropping his shirt to the floor. I kiss down from his neck to a nipple. He moans slightly, reaching down to stroke my pussy.

Suddenly I wanted his cock in my hand. After seeing pictures, I had to know how big he really is. I started to fumble with his belt and unzipped his pants, to reach in a grab him. I lean closer into him and rub his cock through his boxers. Kissing him stronger this time, more confident. Picking me up, I wrap my legs around him. He stumbles as he pushes me up against the wall. After a minute I dropped my legs down and moved my hands down his back to his ass, clenching his ass with my nails and move his underwear and pants down so I might have a better grasp on his cock. 

It is hard, big and throbbing against my tummy as I squeeze and caress his cock. I then stand on my tiptoes and rubs his cock along the length of my pussy, coating it with my juices. His hands still so cool, were everywhere at once.

'Still nervous?' I asked as he broke away from me. I stepped out of my negligee. I've never had the sexiest body. But right then, I really didn't care.

'Not now.' As he backed up to the bed and sat then fell back. With his pants around his knees.

I step forward and remove his boots, then socks, then pants and boxers. I slowly crawl up his body admiring everything as I meet his lips and straddle his hips. My hair hanging down I nibble on his ears and down his neck. Then down to each nipple. Giving them each equal, licking and sucking. I come back up to his eye level.

'Well, hello.' I purred.

'Hello to you.' As his hands moved up and down my body.

Then he pulls me close and rolls over. Kissing me from my lips, to ears, to nipples. I keep moving my hips against him as I began to drip. Moaning, enjoying the sensations, he is creating. It has been quite awhile since a man took his time with me. I am definitely soaking this up.

Moving down my body, kissing and licking down and around my inner thighs. Then teasingly brush his tongue up my pussy and across my clit. I moan deeper. Pulling me to the end of the bed as he kneels and starts devouring me. Massaging his head with my nails, as he probes by pussy with his tongue and nose. The man has a talent, as he strokes and teases.

'I don't want to cum yet.' I pleaded

'Take your time, I'm enjoying this.' He mumbled. Then he commenced to delve even deeper into my pussy. With one finger at the opening, began rubbing and tantalizing. When he went deeper and rubbed on my G spot I couldn't hold back any longer. I pinched my nipples to enhance my cum more.

'Ahhhhhhhh. I have not cum this hard in sooo long. Please don't stop.' As my hips thrust and bucked with his continued administrations. Holding me down as he pursues my cum, and it keeps rippling. I try to calm it down and I cannot. He wipes his face but has a mouth full of my juices, which he shares as we kiss. Going back down, licking and sucking on my nipples quickly as he attacks again. Bringing this cum even quicker and just as hard.

I squirm and continue moving with his rhythm. Till I am so sensitive I start laughing, as it starts to tickle me instead. 

'Okay, okay, enough.' I continued laughing. He came up next to me kissing and caressing his way up. 

'Now, my turn.' As he lays out next to me.

I eagerly jump up, straddled his body and began working my way down his body. Kissing him, I work over to his ears, nibbling along them and breathing just so inside of them. Then down the backside of the ears and down the side of the neck. To the front, at the throat licking and biting my way to first one nipple. Looking up to watch his expressions. As I suck onto his nipple the more he makes noise. Slowly rubbing my lower body against his cock. Getting it primed for my lips.

I move across to his other nipple giving it the same attention. As his moans deepen even more. I could feel his body reacting and succumbing to my tease and seduction. Reaching down with my hand, spreading his legs open, lightly stroking his inner thighs with my hand. Up to his balls and back down. Never touching his cock. Take pleasure in watching his cock twitch, anticipating, as I look up to observe him, moan more and see his expressions.

While watching him, I grab a nipple in my teeth and feel him arch his back and hold my head against him. I lick and then drop down to engulf him entirely into my mouth. Pulling his cock slowly up and suctioning him back to the tip. Proceeding to lick and play with the ridge around his cock. Letting my tongue explore more of him up and down along the outside. His hips moving in a slow rhythm, as I take him inch by slow inch down his cock, playing and licking as I go.

I put a hand under his ass, as I grasp firmly as I move my mouth down him. I pull to the top and let go, pre-cum drips out and I lick it all off. Circling my two fingers at the base of his cock, I squeeze hard and suck him even harder up and down. Milking his pre-cum out as his cock engorges and swells even larger. I moan as I take him deep into my mouth. He squirms and moves with me, caressing my head and holding my hair to watch me suck on him. Slowly, lightly stroking him, I move my hands up his body while sucking him and pinch his nipples more. Then back down, around his balls and thighs. Never stopping my suction on his shaft.

'You need to stop.' He pleads. 'I don't want to cum yet. I believe your desensitized by now. Want to lick me while I suck on you?'

'No, I lose my concentration. I enjoy sucking you, don't want to be thinking of anything else. But, I would really like your cock in me.'

'Well maybe just a taste.'

I roll over to my back and spread my legs as a further invitation. Moving in between them he starts teasing my clit with his cock, then slowly enters into me. Just the tip at my opening, feeling him rub right on my ridge, his expression telling me everything. I move to match his rhythm. He grasps my knees and pushes them forward, opening me more.

'You need to not move so much, I still don't want to cum.'

'I'll try, it's hard, I so want to move with you.' But I do understand, I do not want him cumming either. 'So, I guess I shouldn't let my pussy clench down?'

'Definitely not.' Me murmurs, as his cock moves deeper into me slowly. 'Mmm, you were right.'

'About what?'

'You are very tight and extremely wet.'

'Then please enjoy, I know I am.'

I continue to let him set his own pace. Me? Just having the benefit of the ride.

'I remember you saying, you like it from behind.'

'Oh yes.' As I scramble to my knees and backup to him. He places his cock, just so, enters slowly and deep. Pulling me back to his hips, he begins to pound me, hard, thrusts deep, penetrating me with new sensations. Positioning my knees together, his legs on the outside of mine, he stands and gently pushes my ass down, to the right height. He then provides me with no mercy as he starts pounding me. Slamming his balls into my clit, harder, deeper, holding my hips and bouncing me back into him. I help with the movements, to get him even deeper.

I can feel him holding back, as my cum builds stronger. His cock positioned to rub me inside and set me off. I encourage him more, as my hips move into him harder. 

'Harder, deeper, baby, mmmm fuck me.' I cry out, as I cum.

'Mmmmm, yes deeper.' He murmurs, as he pounds me more. I can feel him swell. Then suddenly let's loose. I feel him filling my pussy with his juices. And still he slams me. So we both fall over the edge of ecstasy.

'Oooo, yeah.' As I move my hips against him as he slows down, still going into me deep.

He leans over and kissing my back and caresses me. Then suddenly spanks me. Making my pussy clench.

'Mmmmm, should have done that a little earlier.' As he falls to my side and pulls me into him, holding me.

Okay so I didn't die, from a serial killer. But I damn near died from excessive pleasure.