 Monday morning was hectic. As soon as the kids had left for the first day at their new school, Deidre rushed around the house straightening up. She exercised and showered and by 8:45 she was out the door.

Today was a first day for her, too. It was the first day of her new life. New apartment, new city. New life. Her divorce papers had been signed for two months now, and as soon as she had gotten word the divorce was final she took out a map, closed her eyes, and dropped a finger down, vowing to move wherever her finger landed.

Gresham, Washington. What the Hell was in Gresham, Washington? Where was it near? Was it a residential town? Was she out in the boondocks? Were there stores? A mall? Work wasn’t an issue, being a freelance writer. Thanks to e-mail and overnight delivery, she could live anywhere in the world and keep in daily contact with her agent and publisher. She just wanted to be as far away from her old life as possible.

And Washington was about as far away from Pennsylvania as you could get without leaving the continent.

So Gresham it was.

A search through on line realtors found her a three bedroom apartment within days. It was clean, in a nice area, and not too expensive. The realtor said the school district was good- a main concern for Joey and  Leah, as they were just getting into junior and high school. It was bad enough losing a dad and losing their roots. A bad school environment would not be something they could deal with at this point in time.

Her musings caused her to drive past two of the places on her errand list, so she had to double back and drive through a bunch of side streets to get to the bank and post office. One more quick stop at the grocer for dinner and then she was headed home. It was just past 10:30- that would give her enough time to get home and get the groceries away before her new landlord showed up to introduce himself and check out the problems she had called about the night before.

She pulled up in front of her new home to find a man, late-20's she guessed, sitting on the front steps, pad and pen in his hand. She eyed him as she parked the car, got out, went around to the trunk and pulled out four bags of groceries, two in each grasp. As she struggled to close the trunk she could feel his eyes on her and glanced up. He was heading her way.

For a moment her heart skipped a beat. He was big. Did he live around here? Was he a serial rapist? She had left herself little or no room for defense or escape, struggling to close the trunk door with her hands more than full.

“Need help?” His voice was smooth, and to her surprise, sensual, causing the hairs to stand up on the back of her neck, as if he'd kissed her there.

“Well.” She found herself a bit breathless as she attempted a response in a calm voice. “I think I can manage. Thanks anyway. See ya.”

Ignoring her dismissal, the man laid a hand on the trunk door, closing it firmly as he took two packages from her hands.

“I’m Mark, your new landlord. That is, if you're Deidre?”

Exhaling a sigh of relief, Deidre smiled warmly into Mark’s brown eyes. He had a sultry, laid back air about him, and after studying him a moment she felt safe enough to believe him and extended a free hand for a handshake. 

“Ahhh. Nice to meet you, Mark. I expected you to be a bit older.” As their hands touched she felt a jolt of electricity shoot through her body when his warm, strong hand wrapped around her own. 

He felt it too, and paused before he began speaking once more. “That was my dad who answered the phone. He gave me your list.” He waved the pad at Deidre and nodded his head towards the apartment. Reluctantly he let go of her hand, cleared his throat and spoke again. “Let’s get to it.”

Mark followed her up the stairs as Deidre tried to determine the feeling she was feeling. It wasn’t apprehension. It wasn’t fear. It wasn’t exactly uncomfortable. But there was definitely an edge for some reason.

Unlocking the door, Deidre stepped inside with Mark following close behind.

“I hope it wasn’t rude to give you a list so soon. But I didn’t want to be responsible for any of the damages left by prior tenan ts if this doesn’t work out.”

“Why wouldn’t it work out?”

“I’m just saying-”

“It will work out fine. You’re not going anywhere.” He smiled at her as she caught his eyes. Something stirred inside. 

He was too magnetic. Too sure of himself. Too.. too... too cute. Deidre put the bags of groceries on the table and started in mayhem pulling things out and setting the items on the counter top. She thought she heard him chuckle as he walked towards the living room.

She continued on in silence, wondering how old he was. He seemed so young, but then again he didn’t. He was built nicely. Not skinny, not fat, not overly developed. But taller than her. And big. His hands were nearly twice the size of hers, she had noticed as he put the two bags he carried on the table next to hers, before venturing into the rest of the apartment, still spotted with unpacked boxes here and there.

“When you're done come in the living room and show me where the rug is damaged. I can’t find it.”

“Ohhhh. I put a table over the spot, hold on.” She called from the kitchen as she put away a 12 pack of Corona’s. “Did you eat yet? You want me to fix you some lunch or something?” It was a bit early for drinking, but it was a scorcher of a day, and she needed something to cool her nerves. She pulled a beer out for herself, then pulled out two. 

“No, thanks.”

“How about a beer?”

“Sure.”

Two bottles in hand she joined him in the living room. He took one and they clinked, she offering a toast, “Here’s to my new landlord.”

He studied her as he lifted the bottle and took a swig and as she turned away from him to point out the damaged area, he noticed the curve of her ass and grinned.

She caught the direction of his glance as she turned and felt her body flush as she bent down to move the end table. She could feel his eyes on her, and in her mind her clothes peeled away, leaving her naked and vulnerable.

“See?” she asked straightening up.

“I sure do.” His eyes were not focused on the carpet, but rather, on the two little buttons her hardened nipples formed through her tank top. She glanced down at her breasts, then up at Mark. “Um, excuse me?”

He grinned again and mumbled a half-hearted apology before making a note on his pad about the damaged carpet.

As Deidre bent down again to push the table back she came eye to eye with his waist as he stepped closer to help her. She nearly fainted as she saw a large bulge below his zipper. 

There was something between them. And she didn’t know how to explain it. But he felt it too, she could tell. It was a bit obvious.

“Want to show me the way to your bedroom?”

“My bedroom! Mark, I.. I...” Wasn’t this a bit bold of him? How dare he...

“Window pane cracked in master bedroom. Sill needs replacement.” That damn insolent grin never left his face and as he read the note taken by his father the night before. As he walked passed her his arm caressed her breasts. 

A deliberate act or accident? she could only guess.

A detour occured as he walked down the hall. “Let’s check out the bathroom first. You have a leak here?”

“Under the sink. I meant to clean out under there before you got here. You were a bit early.”

“No, actually you were late. My dad told me ten.”

“It was 11. Ten at first, then I changed it.”

“Well he told me 10 a.m.”

Mark knelt down in front of the sink, bent under the cabinet and started pulling items out. He withdrew, and still kneeling, looked up at Deidre, his eyes never moving further than her breasts that now swelled and pulled at her cotton shirt. 

She imagined how his lips would feel on her nipples.

“Can I?”

“Can you what??” her voice was breathless. Her breathing shallow as she felt her legs grow weak and her insides mush together. She felt a tingling in her pussy that she’d not felt for a long time. Years... she thought now, trying to figure out when was the last time she and Rick had had sex.

“Um, flashlight. You got one? Can I have it?”

“Oh. Uh... somewhere. Lemme see.”

“Nah, don’t worry. I’ll check it out after the bedroom. You got the master or do one of your kids have it?”

“Me.” Oh, no. She wasn’t sure if she should follow him into her bedroom. Her body was already betraying her, coming alive just by being near this man. His eyes, his arms, his scent. He was too masculine for her not to notice. Her body, it seemed, had a mind of its own, doing its own noticing of her new landlord.

“You have a list of things you need in the bedroom.”

“Uh. Yes. I do.”

He laughed out loud and muttered something about being able to help her with anything she needed done in the bedroom or out.

Was that a double meaning? “Why don’t I stay out here and make us some lunch.”

“Nah. Come with me.” He looked at her in a way that made her legs nearly give out beneath her. “Follow me,” he directed.

She followed.

He stood at the threshold of her bedroom, taking in the furniture and decor with a quick glance. “Closet door also needs tightening?”

“It’s off the tracks. When I go in and out it nearly crushes me.”

His eyes did a slow appraisal of her slight body and he nodded. “Can’t have anything crushing that body of yours now can we?”

She raised her eyebrows, her face blushing again. When was the last time she’d blushed? High school? Geez...

“Can you do something to fix it?”

“Sure.”

“Now?”

“If you want me to.”

“Um. We are talking about the closet, right?”

“You tell me.” He leaned against the wall and folded his arms across the chest.

“Uh. yes. of course we are.”

“Are we?”

“I don't even know you.”

“You could if you gave me a try.”

“I--” She shook her head, amazed with the conversation she was having.

He waited for her to speak.

“I- I - I don’t do that.”

“So, uh. You adopt those kids of yours?” He nodded towards the class pictures taken last year and framed of Joey and Leah.

“Of course not! I mean I don’t do that. With strangers.” With anyone but her ex-husband she added mentally. My god, she thought. He’s making me feel like a virgin all over again.

“I’m not a stranger anymore.” He put his pad down on her dresser and walked towards her. “Besides. You want me.”

She closed her eyes and shook her head. “No, I don’t.”

“Sure you do.” His hand came up to tweak one of her nipples. It sprang to life as she jumped back, startled, opening her eyes.

“Don't.”

“Why? You don’t really want me to stop, do you?”

“Yes.” she whispered.

“Liar.”

She swallowed thickly and glanced down at his cock resting not too peacefully beneath his jeans. The bulge was large and much more prominent than a few minutes ago.

“You want me,” he said, cupping her breast and squeezing it gently, “and as you can see, I want you. Bad.”

She tried to step away, and shook her head again, unable to find the words to make him stop.

“Sure you do. You want me to fuck you. I can tell.” He took a step closer to her, making her take one last step back so that she now rested against the wall near the closet. He put a hand on either side of her head, imprisoning her within his loose embrace. Then, he bent his head, and kissed her soundly, deeply on the lips, causing her to moan softly.

“Tell me you want me to fuck you,” he whispered against her mouth.

“I can’t.”

“Sure you can. Say it. Mark, I want you to fuck me.” His hands dropped down to around her waist, then moved around to cup her butt and press her against his body. “Say it.”

She entwined her arms up around his shoulders, his neck as she searched out his mouth for another kiss. Pressing her body against his was enough of an answer for him. He picked her up, turned around and placed her on the bed.

Laying down next to her, he slipped a hand beneath her tee shirt, finding the edge of her bra. His fingers slipped beneath the edge, so that the cup lifted upwards, exposing her breast. His head bent as he captured her nipple, biting it and sucking it softly.

She responded with a moan, arching against him, her hands travelling downward to find the button on his jeans. Immediately her fingers undid the button, pulled the zipper down . Her hand slipped over the rock hard mound laying beneath his briefs and it was his turn to groan.

“I want you to fuck me.” She whispered as he paused and looked into her eyes. 

He kissed her deep again but after a moment she pulled away. She got on all fours, leaning over his cock as she climbed between his legs. He rolled over onto his back, arms folded behind his head as he watched.

Slowly she lifted his cock from its resting place beneath his briefs. She raised it up slowly as she ran a tapered fingernail down its long hard length. “I think you are too big. I don't think you will fit.” She said a bit hesitantly.

“I’ll make it fit, don't you worry.” He put his hands behind her head and nudged her downward. She acquiesced, her lips settling gently on the head of his throbbing cock. She licked the tip of his cock like it was an icecream cone. “How am I doing?” She smiled as he groaned and nodded, forcing her head downward even more.

Leisurely she took his cock into her mouth, slowly, inching her lips down over the hard shaft a little bit at a time. She was almost there, she had almost all of his rod in her mouth and even down her throat, all but 3 or 4 fingers worth, when he started to pump slowly, in and out of her mouth. A little bit more, a little bit more, and then he was in. 

He cried out as he felt his cock press against the back of her throat and lost control, pumping harder and harder as he felt the cum build up, needing release.

She worked his cock good, squeezing his balls as she deep throated him, taking all of him in and then releasing him as she dragged her lips down his shaft and back. Harder and harder he pumped, and the more he pumped the harder she sucked, suddenly needing very badly to taste his cum. 

The pulsing started slower, and then faster and then she tasted his salty sweetness as he filled her mouth and her throat and her belly with his load. She took it all in, swallowing and sucking every last drop he spilled. As he slowed down and then finally rested, she licked his cock clean.

“Your turn.” He said eyeing her as she licked the last bit of cum from her lips. 

He sat up, knelt on all fours as he pushed her gently down to the bed. “Ever been fucked in your ass before?”

“No!” she whispered staring at him.

“Well you’re about to.”

“I don’t know-”

He ignored her protest as he unzipped her jeans and pulled them roughly down her legs. 

She lay there unsure what to do next. She’d never even thought about someone fucking her in her ass. And now this stranger was telling her he was about to do that very thing! And she was excited by the idea.

He leaned down and ran his fingers through the thin growth of hair covering her pussy. She was soaked. He slipped a finger inside her, then two, pumping lightly. “You ready to cum?” He asked a bit surprised.

She pressed her cunt against his hand. “Like I’ve never been ready before.”

Head bent, he pressed his lips against her clit, his tongue slipping out to taste her juices before he pulled away from her. He stood up, tugged his jeans off, then straddled her.

He kissed her as his cock parted her thighs, nudged past her pussy lips, finding her hole with little delay. He pressed slowly as she wrapped her legs around his legs rising up to meet his first quick thrust.

She froze and cried out softly. He was huge. He felt huge, She felt tight. And hot. And wet. She was ready for him, and as his thick cock filled her cunt she cried out again, moving with him, against him, squeezing him deeper and deeper until the pulsing started deep inside her, spreading out in waves throughout her whole body. He pumped her harder until her body stopped shaking, then slipped out of her and turned her over. 

Slipping his hand inside her pussy, he moved his moist fingers over her asshole, slipping in and out of the tight opening with his middle finger until her small butt started riding up and down as she moved with him, moaning softly and incoherently.

When he couldn’t take it anymore, he grabbed her at her hips then slowly slipped the tip of his cock into her tight asshole. They both gasped at the same time. He inched his way in slowly, waiting for her to give some sort of "okay," before he moved any further. Little by little he moved into her ass, deeper and deeper until he could go no further. 

By now she was bucking beneath him, begging him to fuck her hard so she could cum again. He obeyed this time, pushing in and out of her, pumping her tight ass until he felt like he was about to explode. He did then, shooting his load deep inside of her. She came as he did, arching her butt up, pressing hard against him as he drove his cock home. With his hands on her hips he gave her a few more slow thrusts, until she had finished cumming. And then he slipped out of her, saying nothing for the longest while.

Finally, sleepily, she spoke. 

“I think I am going to like living here.”

“Well, don’t expect any decrease in your rent because of this.”

“Of course not, as long as you come by every day and take care of my list.”

“Deal,” he said as he bent down to grab her nipple between his teeth. “Maybe I should give you a list of my own.”

the end.