 This is further exploration of young women that turn to the escort industry to make much needed money. This is the second instalment highlighting Saira, a foreign, Muslim music student who accidentally broke her hymen while masturbating with a personal vibrator. This was a catastrophe since a Muslim bride in her country MUST be a virgin or she will be shunned. She needed to make enough money to have corrective surgery to fix the problem before she returned to her native country. Clare, a fellow student, told her how the escort business could solve her money problem. Last instalment, she was interviewed by Jerome, the co-owner of the Midnight Magic Escort Agency along with her friend, Clare. She learned a few new things about sex in the erotic romp of the threesome. Today the shy, new Muslim escort Saira meets an equally shy client on her first escort date. What a super lucky guy to meet and be the first to fuck such a sweet, beautiful girl. Don't we all wish we could be in his shoes on that wonderful date. Read on and enjoy.

Thanks to LarryInSeattle for editing. 

*

Zev Appleman, was a lucky man in many ways. He was a modest California accountant that helped a few university dropouts with their bookkeeping for a start-up tech company. Just four years later, he was in New York being wined and dined by Wall Street financial people who were taking the company public. The thinking was that the projected price of the IPO would make his shares worth a cool $250 million. His 28 year old head was spinning at the thought of this. No more worries about money. Wow, he thought, America - what a country!

He had been to New York several times over the last few months leading up to the IPO. The last time he was there, he had used the Midnight Magic Escort service and had been overjoyed with the service. It was the first time he had used an escort service. It was also the first time he had sex in a year. He was not a ladies man by any measure. It was the best sexual experience of his life. It was so refreshing to be with a professional young woman who aimed to please as opposed to nervous plain-looking amateurs who clearly were not enjoying themselves. Next, , he was booked to be with a new escort named Saira. 

He had been in contact with her over the last week by phone. As he remembered it, he relived the previous titillating, erotic experience and he could not wait to see her in person.

Zev had not been lucky in his love life. Physically he was OK. He was not a bad looking guy and he had a slim build. But he was shy because he worried about his thinning hair, thick glasses and the fact that his penis was a bit shorter than average and also very narrow. He found it difficult to approach women. His mother had tried to hook him up with several eligible girls of the nice, Jewish type. But they all seemed too bossy for his taste. That was likely why his mother liked them. They were just like her, overbearing.

As the company became successful, Zev could see that he would be wealthy soon and he decided to tackle his poor love life and change it for the better whatever the cost. He had been seeing a woman psychiatrist named Dr. Culbertson who specialized in sexual areas. She was a foxy, forty year old woman who wore business jackets over a blouse with tight tailored knee-length skirts and dark nylons with expensive high heeled shoes. He found her extremely sexy but unbelievably intimidating. He normally sat on a hard leather sofa while she sat in a straight-back mahogany chair in front of him. She towered over him and he could smell the odor of her musky perfume. Once, she dropped a paper from his file beside her chair and when she dipped to pick it up, her legs parted and he got a glimpse of her deep red panties and the perfectly white thighs above the nylons. He had blushed crimson and had a difficult time hiding his erection for the rest of the session. She knew immediately what happened but said nothing. She even tried in future session to part her knees enough to give him a peak but he was always looking down shyly and did not notice.

It was Dr. Culbertson that got him to hire an escort and get contact lenses. She was looking for ways to boost his confidence around the fair sex and was constantly pumping up his ego. She coached him to be direct and tell the escort what he wanted. When he first came to her office, he confessed that he was so shy to be naked in the presence of a woman that he had never walked nude around anyone of the opposite sex. The doctor convinced him to try it and it was his great relief that the sky did not fall in when he walked from the bed to the bathroom and back in full view of the beautiful young escort. 

This time in New York he was looking to make further breakthroughs. He was the second highest bidder for the opportunity to take the virginity of a music student, Celeste, who had become an escort. He was very disappointed when he lost out. And then a few months later, Fran, owner the agency, called him and offered him the opportunity to be the first man with another university student who was becoming an escort. This teen was a Muslim and the picture of her that she emailed him showed a beautiful young lady with a traditional head scarf. He learned that she had had an accident with a personal vibrator and had broken her hymen. But she had never been with a man and therefore was really a virgin. The cost at $6,000 seemed reasonable and with Zev's new found wealth, a minor hit to his net worth. Also, he had no problem with her religion. 

His therapist urged him to ask the agency if he could chat with the girl before he flew to New York. She thought it would be a good idea to break the ice and give him a sense of control before the big day. The good doctor gave him a number of suggestions of things to say and do. She even gave him a prescription for Viagra to guarantee his equipment would not fail him at the critical moment. Given the high cost of the date, the agency heartily agreed after talking with the new teen escort. Zev had her private telephone number and she expected his call. Fran at the agency also thought it would be a good idea to help the new girl to be less nervous. 

Zev and Saira Chat

Zev was pacing nervously as the agreed time for the call approached. He had entered the girl's info in his contact list, Lana Virgin Escort and her 212 area code number. He had recalled it a number of times in the telephone dialing area of the cell with the "virgin" handle and it made him smile and get a bit of a woody every time it popped up ready for dialing. Now it was almost time to hit the little green telephone symbol on his cell and connect for real. He was breathing a bit faster.

Saira was also nervous as she waited in her dorm room for the client's call on her new cell phone. She had chosen Lana as her escort name because it meant gentle, soft and tender in Arabic. All of a sudden, the phone rang, startling her and she answered with a tentative "Hello".

Zev caught his breath, too and replied a bit timidly, "Hello. My name is Zev. The agency gave me your number." Then with a bit more confidence, "What is your name?"

"My name is Lana, sir," she said with a lilting, sweet girlish voice.

Zev liked the "sir" part. Her voice was like the lilt from an angelic harp.

"That is a very beautiful name, my dear." He could hear her let out a nervous breath after he said this as if this had broken the ice a bit. He realized that she was even more on edge than he was and the moment was his to control. He stood taller and threw back his shoulders a bit before going on.

"I am looking very forward to meeting you when I come to New York this week. I have been thinking about you a lot since the agency sent me your pretty picture." 

"I hope you will not be disappointed in me, sir. I am just a simple girl who wishes to please you for being so generous."

When she said this, it gave Zev an idea. "What are you wearing, Lana?" 

"I am in my pajamas. It is ten o'clock here and I am in bed. "

Zev could picture the cute teen lying in bed. "What color are they?"

"Pink, sir."

"Are you wearing anything under them?"

"No, sir," she said timidly.

"I want you to take off your pajamas. I want to talk to you when you are completely nude." He reached down and gently unzipped his pants and took out his cock as he said this. He laid down on the sofa and stroked it gently up and down with his free hand. He could hear the rustling of clothes and sheets at the other end and envisioned her tight young naked body laying invitingly on her bed.

"Did you do what I asked?"

"Yes, sir." She had no frame of reference to say anything but yes. In her country women were subservient to men and this man was paying a great deal of money to have sex with her. The $5,000 she will receive is half way to her final goal. She was awash in gratitude and willingness to provide a good experience for the gentleman.

"Very good my sweet." Zev was getting more into a sense of control.

Lana could almost feel his eyes on her naked, vulnerable body. She was surprised to feel her pussy beginning to moisten as she willingly gave her sexual self over to him. She instinctively slipped her free hand down to her soft pubic hair covered mound. She ran her fingers through the thick bush and dipped her middle finger down to the camel toe notch and then further to the down covered lips of her womanhood. She stifled a moan. She would simply die of embarrassment if this man would hear that.

"I am going to call the Victoria's Secret store in Times Square tomorrow and buy you some nice panties and a bra. Go and pick them up under the name Lana. There will be a pink matched set especially for our night together and some extra panties. I want you to wear those panties every day until I come to New York. As you wear them, I want you to be thinking about me stroking your hot secret womanly areas and then making love to you. Do you understand?" 

"My god," he thought with surprise, "Did I just say that? This girl's nature is so wonderful. For some reason, I feel I can say anything or do anything with her." 

"I understand, sir. I will go there and do everything you ask." Her pussy throbbed and gushed love juices even more as the man's firm voice took control.

"I also want you to wear a very feminine shoulder-less summer dress. I like it about knee length, not too short. A nice bright color would be best and a white belt to finish it off. I see from your photo that you wear a traditional Muslim head scarf. That is fine but do wear one that is a cheery color that matches the summer dress, please." 

"Yes, sir. I will wear what you desire." She was thinking that she will be very busy getting ready for the big night.

"OK, Lana. I will text you with the time and hotel location. Bye for now and I will be thinking of you. "

"Goodbye, sir. And may Allah be with you." 

As soon as the connection was lost, she put both hands on her crotch and frantically stroked herself. One finger circled her sensitive clit while the other hand stroked the wet lips of her pussy and the tiny opening to her unfucked vagina. Within a minute, her body was rocked with the strongest orgasm of her young life. 

Zev immediately went to the internet to victoriasecret.com. He spent an erotic half hour picking out the perfect bra and panties while stoking his manhood slowly to make the feeling last. The models on the website were gorgeous. He chose a pink set for the big night with an erotic lacy thong with a see-through crotch and push-up bra from the "Angel" collection. The panties she was to wear over the next few days were a variety of styles and colors. He chose a bikini white pair with red polka dots and a sweet bow that were summery and fun. He bought a small purple thong that would barely cover her pussy and with just a string up the crack of her ass, which would show off her firm buttocks. Another was a yellow lacy silk number with a pair of cherries embroidered on the front just above the crotch. He just might have to take that one back with him as a souvenir to jerk off to when the urge comes over him. 

After he made his decision, he envisioned her lying there in the sexy Victoria's Secret "Angel" underwear with her arms outstretched towards him, inviting him to come to her. He stroked his cock faster and had the strongest orgasm of his life. The anticipation of the next few days until he would be with her would be delicious and torture at the same time.

His therapist, Dr. Culbertson, was delighted that he had taken control during the phone conversation. She knew it was a great stride for Zev. 

She even had a few more brilliant ideas to help with his phobias. He had a great deal of guilt and shame about masturbation. She had tried to tell him it was totally natural and good but he could not get over a childhood incident. His mother had once suddenly walked in on him while he was jerking off nude on his bed with a Hustler magazine just as he was cumming. She spanked his bare ass and it was the most humiliating moment of his life. Dr. Culbertson told him that when he was to meet the escort, he should leave the hotel room door open just enough to allow her to walk in. He should tell her beforehand to "Just walk in without knocking, the door will be open." He should be masturbating in full view with a skin magazine with his pants around his ankles when she walks in. Escorts don't react nastily to this and she thought it could get him over his phobia about being caught jerking off.

Regarding his shyness about being nude in a girl's presence, she recommended Zev begin with the escort sitting beside him on a sofa in the hotel suite and as they snuggled he should get gradually and totally undressed before she takes off any clothing. He agreed but in such a reluctant fashion that she did not know whether he would have the nerve to take such a big step.

Dr. Culbertson emphasized that Zev should remember the escort was there to please him and do anything he asked within reason. He should take his time and enjoy every erotic minute. 

But she couldn't help but notice that he carried himself with more confidence after his first escort experience. He made more eye contact with her rather than looking down shyly all the time. He had always seemed intimidated by her but she noted with professional pleasure that this was changing. He was even ogling her slim nylon covered legs and this time when she parted her knees, he looked up her skirt brazenly and even adjusted the growing woody in his pants. "Hopefully," she thought, "this next escort meeting will further his progress even more."

All this talk about sex with Zev had gotten her erotic sensibilities kick-started. This happened to her often when she was counselling her clients on sexual matters. One reason she had specialized in sexual dysfunction therapy was because she loved sex so much. She was active in the BDSM community. Many time she fought the urge to go over to the sofa and spank a naughty, horny client's ass before going down and sucking their hard cock. With Zev, she was after all a professional woman and therefore would have to wait until he was cured and no longer her patient. Then she would proposition him and let him experience her BDSM world. With the progress he was making on fixing his hang-ups, she thought she might have his ass spanked bright red and her red painted lips around his cock sooner rather than later. 

Zev comes to New York City and the Muslim Student Gets Ready for the Big Date

Saira was getting ready for her date with ZEV. He had called her with the name of the hotel and room number of the suite. She was to be there at 7:00 o'clock sharp. He had told her, "Just walk in without knocking. The door will be open." This seemed a bit odd but she assured him that she would do whatever he requested.

Saira was singing a happy Arab pop tune as she laid the sexy bra and panties on her dorm room bed. She loved the feel of sexy pink lace and silk fabric. She had enjoyed wearing the other beautiful Victoria's Secret panties for the last few days. They made her feel very feminine and attractive under her drab Muslim robe. Then she danced over to her closet and took out the bright yellow summer dress with red and pink flowers splashed across it. She hugged it to her torso and spun back to the bed and laid it lovingly down. In her strict Muslim country, no decent woman could wear such a brilliant dress. She hoped the man called Zev would like it. She had a nervous energy about herself as the time to go to meet the man approached. It was anticipation with a touch of fear. She was comforted by the sense that he seemed very nice on the phone. American men seemed more civilized and respectful to women than the men in her home country. But she would be careful not to displease him in any way so as not to make him angry with her.

It was a bit early but Saira wanted to take a shower and slowly put on a bit of makeup and perfume before getting dressed in the sweet summer dress. She knew it would transform her into Lana the sexy escort. She had also made the difficult decision to not wear her head-scarf in order to truly become Lana, the erotic woman. After she dressed, she wanted to lounge around and get comfortable in the erotic garments and fantasize about the night ahead. 

Zev Appleman Gets Ready for the Big Date

It was an hour before the girl would arrive and Zev had just come back from buying a few porn magazines to read while he waited. For the last couple of years, he had been surfing the internet for porn but tonight he had chosen Playboy College Girls Edition, Hustler and Penthouse Letters magazines, his old reliable favorites. He had decided to accept his psychiatrist's suggestion and have the escort walk in on him while he was masturbating with a skin magazine. The more he thought about it, the hornier the idea became. In fact, he had a raging hard-on since buying the magazines.

The hotel suite was perfect. It had a small living room with sofa facing the door and nice armchairs and coffee tables. There was a desk in the corner for working with a computer. A door led to an adjoining bedroom and large bathroom with a shower and Jacuzzi tub. He closed the drapes and turned on all the lamps. This gave the room a warm, slightly dark[LDL1] sexy feel.

Zev sat on the sofa under a floor lamp and started to read the magazines. Soon he unzipped his pants and slowly started to stroke his manhood. The Playboy college girls were sweet and very beautiful. He especially loved the pictures of them studying in their dorm rooms in the nude. He could just imagine his schoolgirl escort, Lana, lying on her bed in the buff reading a book. She would be lying on her stomach, propped up on her elbows with her sweet breasts pressed into the bed. He could envision her firm bare ass with its firm cheeks separated by a crack that simply begged for his hand to reach down into it to run his finger along the split of her wet pussy beneath. 

Time was flying and he looked at his watch and it was only fifteen minutes to the appointed hour. He switched to Penthouse Letters and found a great story of a suburban housewife that fallen for her personal trainer at her gym and had glorious fucking and sucking sessions in his office. He just loved stories of staid, normal, attractive women getting turned on and getting down and dirty. He wanted to really shock the teenager that was soon to walk through that door. So he undid his belt and slid his pants and underwear all the way down to his ankles. As he stroked his cock and envisioned her walking in, his universe became a fog of pure sexual instincts and passions. Several times, he brought himself to the brink of cumming but backed off just in time. He took a short break from stroking his penis and massaged his sensitive balls. This gave him the horny idea to spread his knees widely so that she would get a real eyeful of his crotch when she barged in. He was breathing deeply through his nostrils and there seemed to be more oxygen than normal in the cool air. His hearing was acute and he was listening intently to any sounds in the hotel corridor. The anticipation was like a drug as he stared blankly at the slightly open door. 
