 It was supposed to be a typical Thursday. Go to work, load the truck, and leave about 5 A.M. to make my deliveries. I was almost always the first person in the warehouse, as I like to get an early start, and get home at a decent hour. For this reason, I knew something was up, when I saw a car parked in front of the building. I knew the vehicles of everyone I work with, but this was not any of their vehicles. As I clocked in, and headed out back to unlock the truck, I saw someone leaning against my bumper. My first thought was "great, another homeless jerk, wanting free food." Regardless, I headed out to shoo them away, only to find out that my visitor was a stunning redhead, and in our company uniform, no less. 

"Hi, I'm Kara. Jeremy told me to come in to train with you today." I smiled, and tossed her the keys, telling her to back the truck up to the dock. As she turned to walk away, I marveled at the way her little black shorts hugged her perfect ass, and showed off her milky white legs. If it had been literally anyone else, I would have cursed my boss for not giving me notice, but this was definitely a pleasant surprise. Kara bumped the dock like a seasoned pro, and helped me load the truck, absorbing her training as she worked. Soon, we left for our first stop. 

As we arrived, I instructed her to pull one case of each product out of the truck, and bring them inside, and I would go in to do inventory. She nodded, and I took a moment to marvel at the sway in her hips as she walked away. I headed inside,, and started my inventory. 

I was surprised when Kara walked in, her eyes huge. "I.. messed up, I'm gonna need your help." I followed her outside to see the cart on it's side, and drinks spilled all over the parking lot. I hadn't thought to warn her about the speed bump, and she hit it at an angle, spilling the entire cart. We spent the next 2 hours cleaning up the broken glass, before returning to the warehouse to replace what she had broken. The entire time, she apologized over and over, even after I assured her that mistakes happen. 

Needless to say, by the time we returned to the first delivery, we were several hours behind, and spent the rest of the morning rushing to catch up. I was normally home by 4 P.M., but it was clear that it was going to be a late day. For this reason, I decided to stop for lunch, even though I usually skip it. We pulled into the local fast food restaurant, and parked in the back, due to the size of the truck. We were both sweaty, and Kara excused herself to wash up, as I ordered. I met her at the truck with our food, and we decided to sit on the back bumper and enjoy the shade as we ate. 

It did not take long for Kara's back to stiffen up from the heavy lifting, so she stood, and sat her food on the bumper, bending slightly to take each bite. She proceeded to arch her back, presumably to stretch her muscles, but with the added effect of shoving her ample chest into my face. By this point, I was more than slightly perturbed at the delay, but understanding of her innocent mistake. I stood up, and moved behind her. 

"I can help. Cross your arms in front of you, and grab your shoulders." She did as I asked, and I wrapped my arms around her, and lifted her tiny frame off of the ground, hearing an audible POP as her back realigned. I let her down, and she sighed loudly as I let go.."wow, that is so much better, thank you, " she purred. 

I chuckled, and stepped away from her, but she quickly followed my movement, pressing her ass against me once again. Before I could react, her right hand had drifted to the front of my jeans. "You know I hate to see a man admiring something, and not being able to have it.." 

Before I even thought, I pushed her head forward and down, bending her at the waist, as she put her elbows on the bumper. With the flick of a button, her shorts were undone, and I pulled them along with her panties to the floor. She let out a loud moan, and wiggled her now bare ass against me, but I was already falling to my knees. Her perfect little ass spread like an open invitation, as she arched her back, and I immediately slid my tongue between her cheeks. My hand glided between her legs, caressing her shaved pussy, as I flicked my tongue against her tight little hole. 

It did not take long before she was literally dripping wet, and grinding her ass against me. I did not even bother to give her warning, but simply stood, wrapped my arms around her hips and lifted her into the air. As I lowered her, my cock slid deep inside her, and she cried out loudly. I quickly grabbed her hair, pulling her head back.

"Shhh.. we are in public.." I whispered into her ear, as I gave her a slow, gently thrust. She simply nodded, and lowered her head. We stayed this was, as I continued to fill her tight little pussy, slowly building speed with each thrust, until her back arched violently, and I felt her slit grip my cock as it spasmed.. She must have felt me getting close, and locked her legs around my hips as I tried to pull out. 

"Fuck no. dont you dare stop." I could not resist at this point, and proceeded to slam my cock into her with a vengeance. It did not take much of her moaning to send me over the edge, filling her with my cum. She spun around, as my orgasm subsided, and dropped to her knees. For the next few minutes, she very thoroughly licked and sucked me completely clean, before simply pulling up her shorts, and announcing that she was ready to get back to work. For the rest of the day, she acted as if nothing had happened. When we got back to work, everyone was already gone. Kara asked me to sign her time sheet, and as I grabbed it, I noticed her last name. 

"Kara... Jacks? as in Jeremy Jacks.. my boss?" She smiled, and nodded "Yeah, daddy wanted me to see if this was something I wanted to do while I was in college. I definitely think I could get used to it!"