 INTRO

I was never one to take chances on the people I dated or the ways I met them. Everyone I had ever gone out with had been discovered the conventional ways, meeting them through mutual friends, at bars, etc. Throughout high school I had the same boyfriend, Allen. He treated me well. Always willing to do without so I could have what I needed. After high school we decided to move in together, getting an apartment in the city and continuing our education. That year had been torture, we weren't happy together, and living in the city had not done us any justice being away from friends and family and relying on each other for support and entertainment. The sex life had gone down the drain years ago, considering this was our fifth year together. We had lost the passion and relied solely on comfort to get us through our time together. When it was time to end school and move home, we thought it best to part ways and move back in with our parents. It wasn't a hard decision, we knew it was coming for a long time. It was the end of our relationship, but the beginning of living our lives separately.

I met him on the internet. We were both from the same small town, however , somehow, our paths never crossed. We had mutual friends and frequented the same places. Our conversations had started out innocent enough, where we lived, what we did for a living... he wasn't from here originally. He was a city boy living in our little country spot, working in the next town. He seemed nice enough. But being the conventional person I am, I didn't know whether I should give this guy a chance or not. Meeting people on the net was taboo- especially in this little town. 

It took me about a month before I agreed to meet with him in a public place. I could have found out about him easily enough had I asked the few people who knew us both, but decided I should find out for myself. We made plans to meet at a small bar, with a few friends in tow to check out the scene. I told him I would be there at 10 o'clock. 

The time crept by. I sat there for what felt like hours as 10 o'clock passed by. It was karaoke night, so the entertainment was fulfilling enough, but I wanted to meet this guy. By his picture he seemed to be good looking, and of course our conversations were endless. Around 11, I see a well built guy heading in my direction carrying beer. He was gorgeous, absolutely perfect. He put his hand on my shoulder and I looked up. 

"Hey," he said. "I would have found you sooner, but I ended up asking the bartender which one you were. I looked for an hour trying to search you out."

Of course I frequented this particular spot often, so I knew he would have no trouble asking anyone who I was, but I was genuinely surprised he had the balls to ask the bartender, being a stranger and all. "I'm glad you made it, save you a seat." 

This had to be a dream. This guy, who seemed to be perfect online in so many ways, also seems perfect in person, was sitting beside me. I had brought a girlfriend with me, who gave me the nudge and wink. I knew he had met her standards because he certainly met mine. 

Sipping his beer, he looked at me and smiled. Trying to make conversation in this place was going to be difficult, but I figured if he was interested, we would meet again. Slow song after slow song, he grabbed my hand and pulled me onto the dance floor, holding me close. This guy was probably going to be a keeper.

CHAPTER 1

Friday night he picked me up. Looking perfect as always. I had met him a few times after the bar that night, still talking online, making plans for the upcoming weekends. We had decided that Friday we would just hang out. See what happened, maybe play pool, maybe not. We weren't really sure. I had kissed this guy, yes. I suppose you could say we were seeing each other for a few weeks. Nothing intense, but seeing how things went. Tonight, I had thought to myself, was going to be different.

"So, what do you have planned?" I had asked him, jumping in his truck, getting comfortable with my new-found lust object. He knew I thought he was everything, but still seemed modest.

"No plans yet."

He truly was a conversationalist- about the mundane things in life. Work, home, and family. 

We drove around for a while, taking in the scenery, talking about life in general. Nothing spectacular, but I was content with the evening so far. We had taken a back road, surprisingly enough, he knew of a little secluded spot I hadn't discovered in my travels. We parked the truck and sat for a few minutes, looking and the lake that was in front of us. The view was fantastic. It was a mild spring evening, starting to get dark. The greyness had swept over the truck, cascading us in a cloudy dullness. 

I leaned over, inches from his face, looking at his dark eyes, I whispered, "Is this what you had in mind for tonight?"

He smiled and pressed his lips lightly on mine, "You have no idea."

It was a simple response, but I knew what he was thinking and I had come prepared. His tongue started searching for mine and we played back and forth, teasing and torturing each other. I licked his lips, and my hands wandered up his shirt, gently scratching my nails down his stomach, making him gasp at my cool, light touch. He grabbed my hair and pulled back gently, his mouth making its way to my neck. Shivers went down my spine as I grabbed at the soft skin on his sides. Sliding over closer to him, I tilted my head back to give him better access to my neck and chest as he unzipped my sweater. He kissed me, my neck, my chest. Sliding my tank top up, he unclasped my bra and slid it off, exposing my nipples to the cool air making them hard. Licking and sucking his way to each nipple, he bit and pulled on my nipple ring making me shiver. The excitement was building up in the both of us. We had waited as long as we could for this. Making the anticipation grow intensely over the last few weeks. Wondering what was under each other's clothes, wondering what it would be like to fuck each other senseless. 

Undoing my belt and jeans, he slid them down over my legs in one swift motion. Leaning up, he kissed me as I slid his shirt up over his head. Naked from the waist up he was amazing. He started kissing down my neck, to my nipples, stomach and then pulled aside my Brazilian lace thong and flicked my clit with his tongue making me quiver as I leaned back against the passenger side door, wrapping my legs around his back. It was pure ecstasy as I watched him lick and suck my pussy, fingering and playing with it like it was a new toy. Pushing his tongue between my folds, taking in all of my juices as he lay there, all attention on me. Running my hands through his hair, I moaned in pleasure watching his eyes move from my pussy to my face, making sure that my face displayed only eroticism.

I couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed his arms and pulled him up to my face, licking my own juice from his lips, kissing him hard on the mouth, searching for every last drop. He moaned. Reaching down, I unzipped his pants and pushed them to his ankles with my feet as he pulled off my thong, tossing it to the floor. Kissing his neck and shoulders, I pulled him to me, grabbing his dick and guiding it into my soaked, throbbing pussy. Pushing it in, we both let out a moan.

"Tight," he said quietly, almost a whisper.

"Hmmmmm," I moaned back as he pushed it in as deep as it would go. It felt amazing. Perfect. 

Slowly and gently, he pulled his dick out just far enough and drove it into me hard and fast making me scream in pleasure and digging my nails into his back. He fucked me fast and slow, taking his time to make sure that I was relishing in the pleasure. He knew he could fuck. Grabbing my legs and putting them over his shoulders, he started pumping furiously into my pussy with me clawing at his back and screaming in pleasure. We were both going to explode. 

"Oh my god, fuck me!" I screamed. "I'm goin to cum!"

"Mmm this feels so good," he moaned, slowing down. 

"FUCK ME!" I screamed again, looking into his eyes, pleading for him to let me cum.

He just smiled. I knew what he was doing. He was being a tease. Making me beg for it. Making me helpless and keep me right on the edge of orgasm. He slowed down, putting only the tip of his dick in my pussy, and pumping into me just a bit, just enough that I could feel it and not enough for me to cum. It was driving me crazy. 

Pulling at his shoulders, I looked at him, pleading with my eyes for him to fuck me hard.

He laughed. 

"This isn't fair," I said quietly, almost a whine. 

He laughed again.

I pushed him up fast, his dick free from my pussy. I climbed over the seat and straddled his cock. 

"I'll do it my way," I said stubbornly. 

Grabbing his dick, I pushed it into my tight hole as I kissed him hard on the mouth, his hands grabbing my ass pulling me forward. He was deep inside me as I started to rock back and forth hard, riding him.

"Mmmm God this is good," he moaned loudly, grabbing my ass hard and holding my down on his dick. Pushing up hard inside me, hitting my g-spot making me gasp and claw at his arms. 

"Oh my FUCK!" I gasped, trying to move hard on his dick, but his tight grasp kept me there as he kept moving his dick against that spot over and over, sending me crazy on top of him, making him laugh.

"Did I find something you like?" He asked cockily.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!" I screamed as I started to feel the warm rush of an orgasm hitting me. 

"Ride me," he said as he loosened his grip on my ass, letting me fuck him again.

I started rocking back and forth hard and fast on his dick, getting hot, I could feel it. His dick started to grow bigger and harder inside me, the faster I rode. Harder and harder I rocked, his fingers digging in my ass cheeks.

"I'm gonna cum," he moaned as his grasp got even tighter, moving his hands up to my hips, I could feel him bring himself off the seat and drive his cock deep inside me. I screamed as I felt my pussy tighten and the warm rush of orgasm start flowing from my hole. His cock twitched and his cum started to shoot inside me making my pussy even hotter and sending more of my own cum seeping onto his lap. 

Putting my head down on his shoulder I moaned, riding his cock gently, milking the last of his cum into my pussy. 

"That was amazing," he whispered as he kissed my shoulder.

"Hmmmmmm..."

TO BE CONTINUED...