 I moved to California with my fiancé Jeff when he was transferred to work at the headquarters of the hotel chain he worked for. I had met Jeff at one of the hotels he supervised in my home state of Arizona. I was serving as a housecleaner at the time.

In California, we were shocked by the high cost of housing. Even though he made very good money, we knew I would have to continue working to support ourselves. I might have to work for years, until he made enough for me to quit. All my adult life, all I knew was work. So going back to work was nothing new to me. Jeff suggested I try another area of work, something private, rather than corporate.

I answered a few ads for private homes in the fast culture of Bel Air and Beverly Hills, but most of them creeped me out. I can smell rich people that are looking for more than just cleaning services. One place that seemed different from the rest had me applying at an attorney's office. That was weird; I never even saw the house. But the pay was fantastic and the paperwork seemed worth it. I was required to submit to a doctor's exam if I wanted the job. The employer was fussy about germs.

Jeff told me to go for that one; the more odd the employment requirements, the higher the pay, he said. He was right. When I was told the pay, I almost jumped out of my skin. I thought that there was no way they would pay me twenty-eight dollars an hour if I was accepted.

I suffered through the medical exam and they even took my blood. But the promise of the pay seemed worth it. I had to wait a week before I heard that I had been selected to fill one of the two vacant positions. I was introduced to Ernesto, the estate's Chilean overseer and head butler. I was glad to see that I wouldn't be the only Hispanic worker on the household staff.

Ernesto spent very little time with me at the attorney's office and I didn't get to ask him many questions. He was busy telling me all the things I couldn't do and what was expected of me. He talked all the way through my measurements at this uniform store and left me speechless back at the office with instructions about my first day of work.

Jeff was excited for me; this was a perfect job. A maid might not be glamorous or anything, but a private maid can learn how to run households and use that experience later on for even better positions. As happy as I was, I was nervous on my first day.

Wow, what an amazing place. The actual house was bigger than any of the hotels I had worked at. I was on a large, rotating staff. Whereas my hotel work required me to work a tight schedule, this one required almost no schedule. I spent about half the time waiting for something to get dirty for me to clean. I was a little embarrassed to be seen in my uniform, but the other maids also wore them, and the butlers wore uniforms also. Mine was a skirt and hose, with a frilly blouse, black and white like some old movie. This was different from my house cleaner grays.

My first day's break was interesting. Two of the other maids told me all about the house and the parties they had. I didn't believe any of it. But they assured me I would find out and see they were right. I was told that Mr. and Mrs. Kinsley were to be obeyed at all times, or I could kiss my job bye bye. I was also told that most of the staff considered the party duty as the worst, since the guests were to be treated like they were the owners. 

Nope, I didn't believe any of it.

"Rita," Ernesto said in a low voice.

I straightened from reaching under one of the hall tables. The good-looking head butler had probably been looking at my exposed legs, I decided. Maybe it turned him on. Was he so pathetic? I smiled at him with a knowing look.

"Mr. Kinsley has selected you as one of the staff for the next party, tomorrow night."

I hated parties, but this would be my first one here. Party people always made such a mess. I was happy, though, because party duty was paid at double-time. The money would be great.

"You should remember that all of the guests are to be treated as if they are Mr. or Mrs. Kinsley, themselves," he spoke quickly. He had said this many times before, I could tell.

"Yes," I nodded.

"Don't be surprised at what you see. Many of the guests will be naked. Just stay out of their way and everything will be fine."

"Naked?" Were the others telling the truth after all?

"Just do your job and you'll be well-paid. Are we clear?" Ernesto nodded as if to nod for me.

"Yes, I guess..."

"No! No guessing. You're either clear on this or not. Yes or no." He frowned at me as if having second thoughts.

"Yes! Yes, I understand." Sheesh, what a pushy bastard.

The preparations for the party were many, but my shift started just before the party began, so I missed all the hard work. Maybe this party stuff wasn't so bad, especially with the great pay. The guests seemed to be dressed for different parties. I saw some weird outfits. Some were dressed in tuxes, some in leather, some in togas. None were nude, though.

Dinner was served buffet-style out on the massive back veranda, so I was stuck inside waiting for something to get dirty when all the party people were outside. I plucked the feather duster from the loop on my skirt and flicked at anything that looked at me funny. I tell you, with so many servants and maids, I have never seen a house so clean. I would even get under tables to see if there was dust up under where people couldn't see.

It was in that position that someone snuck up on me.

"Nice to see someone on their knees looking for something to do."

Oh. How cute. I'm busting my ass working and someone always finds a way to make some comment. I backed out from under the table enough to look up at whoever it was with one eye. A direct approach always put off leering geeks and embarrassed them. "Do you have a thing for maids, or were you looking for something?"

I watched a couple expressions cross the man's face. His eyebrows furrowed, then raised, then he smiled. I got up and straightened my skirt.

"Well, maybe you'd like to sit on my lap or dust something of mine with that duster?" 

Okay, the man was good-looking, but I'm not like that. I whacked him across the chest with my feather duster. "Huh! What do you think I am, some common hooker?"

The man broke into an even bigger smile, which infuriated me even more. He was looking at the duster. Then he winked at me!

I pursed my lips and my eyes flashed. I flicked the duster in agitation and put my other hand on my hip.

The man's smile got bigger. He must have been flashing every single on of his teeth. What the hell was this guy smiling about? But he only nodded and turned away.

I watched him walk off. I followed after a moment and saw him talking to some of the other party people. He motioned back over towards the house and I saw the people he was talking to smile. So the guy liked being stood up to, maybe. Good. Whatever my instructions, I wasn't going to play the whore for anyone.

I became a little busier when people finished their meals and began coming into the house. I tell you, if someone is carrying something they can drop, they will. I was using my duster to wipe some crumbs off an antique table that was probably worth more than my life when I felt someone's hand reach under my skirt and caress my pussy through my panties.

Now, the first time something like this happens, you freak out. The second time, you freak out, too. The third time, you begin to wonder if you have a sign on your back. But after you've been in the business a while, you know that the guy on the other end of that hand is like all the others. He'll think he's being cute, or sexy, or unique. But, it's really cliche. Sort of like watching a Hollywood movie and seeing the judge is a black woman. So I turned slowly, a look of patience on my face. I knew how to handle these types.

I used my duster to accentuate every single word I spat out. "I am not some common meat to be groped. I am engaged to be married. If you touch my pussy again, I will break every single one of those fingers of yours."

Flanking the man was another and also a tall blonde woman. The blonde woman had an air about her that wasn't smug at the same time. Very self-assured. She quirked a smile at me and nodded. The man next to the groper had a strange glint to his eye that bothered me and the groper was the same pendejo that had given me the pick-up line earlier.

"This one has some mettle in her," Glinty-Eyed said.

"Mmm, not like the others," Miss Self-Assured said. "She has potential."

"Yes, refreshing," Pendejo the Groper said.

While they were jabbering at each other, I saw Ernesto behind them. He had seen and heard everything, apparently. The look he gave me wasn't good. Damn. I made my getaway before I could be any more further involved in groper's mental issues.

Unfortunately, Ernesto must have had a homing beacon planted on me somewhere because he found me in one of the utility closets not two minutes later.

"Rita, remember what we told you about the guests? Treat them as if they were your employers."

What could I say to that? Was I supposed to let them grope me? Was it worth $56 an hour? Screw that.

"Do not disappoint the guests if you want to keep your job here."

I glared at him for a second, then lowered my head. I turned to replace the cleaner I had grabbed and instead picked up the duster again. If they were going to fire me, then they were going to fire me. I wasn't going to be some piece of meat for them to grope.

Ernesto walked away.

Was it possible to please the guests without being groped? With that in mind, I made my way around the mansion to see what the rest of the staff was doing. I went everywhere. I went places where I wasn't assigned duty. I looked in doors of closed rooms. I found a lot. Several of the partygoers were having sex. Two of the participants were maids. One of the butlers was tied down and being lightly whipped.

That got my mind to working. These were kinky people. Maybe if I could play on that I could avoid getting boned. Well, if it came to me getting boned, I would just say fuck them all and quit. But the money was good, so if I could avoid quitting to avoid getting boned, that would be best, no? I knew I had better come up with something quick, because all of the maids were getting hit on.

I knew I couldn't stay away from my assigned place forever; surely Ernesto had noticed and would fire me anyway if I didn't return. So I returned to the huge banquet room to clean the inevitable spills that would surely be there. I got a glare from Ernesto, but I smiled in return and immediately found a fallen pastry to scoop up. I tried to ignore the two people who had dropped it. They were on the seat in front of me. The woman was riding one of the toga dudes - right in front of everyone!

"Do you like this?" The woman asked the toga dude with scorn in her voice.

"Oh yes!" The man seemed like he was a wimp.

Hmm. Maybe...

"I see you like bending over; you look so good doing that." Groper dude again.

Perfect! The timing couldn't have been better. I knew exactly how I was going to get out of being fired. If only my guess was correct... I stood slowly and turned. I dumped the pastry onto the sex couple's forgotten plate and placed both hands on my hips. I tilted my head and cocked my hips forward, towards the groper.

"Yes, I bet you would like to see more, wouldn't you? I bet you would like to touch, wouldn't you?" I loaded my voice with the same scorn I had heard from the sex woman behind me.

I guessed right. Groper's face lit up like a gaudy Christmas tree. Now, to keep him occupied for a while so that no one else bothered me...

I unhooked my duster and jabbed it at him. "If you're good, I might let you see something."

That hit the spot. All his teeth showed in that toothy grin of his.

"All right then," I said, using my duster as a pointer. "Let's go this way."

Glinty-eyed guy saw me herding Groper towards the hall. He started following.

Damn. Could I keep two nutcases occupied until my shift was over?

Ernesto squinted at me for a few steps, but then smiled.

I herded Groper into a guest bedroom. Glinty followed us in. Oh well.

"Close the door," I used the Voice on Glinty. 

It worked.

"So you want to touch me, do you?"

Groper nodded.

"I don't think so. I think you'll have to show me how good you can be."

Glinty chuckled.

I didn't know what the hell I was doing. I had seen some of this stuff on TV, but only as comedy. If I could get the pendejo all worked up so that he squirted, then I could probably avoid having to quit for refusing to be boned. Thinking quickly, I decided I could do that. I just wouldn't tell my fiancé when I got home. Did he need to know the lengths I went to just to stay faithful? Wasn't being faithful the only question that mattered? And did it matter since I wasn't married yet? I had spoken no vows. I had to play this to win - winning being keeping my virtue for my fiancé. All else was fair game.

"Remove your clothes," I commanded. I put my hands on my hips and spread my legs.

Glinty sat in a chair to watch.

Groper shed his clothes.

"What a dutiful little boy. Very good." I stroked his cheek with the feathers and then made a show of walking around him. Well, why not? He was sort of handsome with enough muscle tone to look appealing. His back and chest were broad, his butt was tight and round, and his legs were almost sculpted. Tennis player, maybe. Or a career fireman or something. His prick was soft and just hanging there. I felt a little guilty for looking at it, but guys look at strippers and magazines and porno all day long; what's good for them is also good for me. Aren't the sexes equal?

"It's only fair that you reciprocate, you know," Glinty murmured from his chair.

I glanced at him but realized he was helping me along. I almost wanted to kiss him right there for that.

"Yes," I said. "I think he deserves a little something."

I slung my duster and kicked off my shoes. I reached up under my skirt and removed the black pantyhose. I made a show of each step, wiggling my hips and stroking the stockings down my legs.

"Mmmm," Groper moaned.

Truth be told, I felt ridiculous. I also felt naughty. I started to get a little nervous. Was I doing what the Kinsleys and Ernesto expected of me? If Jeff found out, would he claim that I had cheated, even though we weren't married? Even if I didn't get boned?

I stood in front of him as long as I dared - until he started to fidget. Shit, I've got to keep this guy occupied. Maybe the best was to get him to come as fast as I could. Guys that came rarely wanted to come again, and usually wanted to get away. Then I could go play maid, again.

"Sit on the floor," I said to Groper. "You don't deserve to sit in a chair."

Groper smiled and sat. I moved up to him and cocked my hips forward. His eyes were looking at my hemline and his breathing was heavy.

"You want to see what's under this skirt, don't you?" I swayed my hips from side to side.

"Oh man," Glinty muttered with a hint of amusement.

Groper reached out and touched my knee before I could get my duster out to whack him. I hit his knuckles with the wooden handle.

"Did I say you could touch me?" I furrowed my brow at him. Jeff says I look cute when I do this. "I think you're going to have to prove to me you're good enough to touch me."

Glinty broke out in genuine laughter. "Whoo boy!"

I smiled, but it was half sneer, too. Groper's breathing became very heavy. "I think I want to see you touch yourself, first."

Groper gripped his prick, which had swelled a little, and slowly stroked it. "Is this okay?"

"Is that the best you can do?" I thrust my hips at him.

Glinty laughed again.

Groper's mouth slowly fell open as he stroked himself. His eyes were staring at my hemline. He was really getting into it. I heard the door open and looked back. Ernesto and Miss Self-Assured were peeking in. Ernesto's look was very approving. Miss Self-Assured had a pleased look about her. They left and shut the door.

"Not bad, Pendejo." I wondered if calling him names was going too far. But Glinty's laugh told me I had not. "Maybe you can touch my knee now."

Groper reached his other hand up to my knee and lightly stroked it in time with his prick hand. Tingles welled up in me at his touch. I felt so nasty. His stroking wasn't finishing him, though, and I needed him to finish.

"That's very good. I think I will reward you." I reached up under my skirt and hooked my panties. I pulled them down and stepped out of them.

Groper about passed out. He moaned and caught my panties in his hand. He pulled them to his face and rubbed them all over.

Sheesh, he's doing that to my panties!

"You want to see under the skirt, now?"

"Oh yes!" He gasped.

"Yes, I think you have been a good boy. Stroke yourself harder." I inched my hemline up and up and up as he beat away on himself. I cocked my hips forward as my hemline reached my crotch. I was going to give him a good view.

"Ohhhh!" He groaned as he saw my shaved pussy. "Can I touch it? Please?"

Wow, he had asked. What do I do now? Shit.

"You may," I heard myself say.

His hand shot up but touched my pussy gently. More tingles tore through me as I realized that I was enjoying this little game. For the life of me, I would never have guessed I would be doing this and liking it. His fingers gently stroked my folds, my lips, and my clit. Electric jolts shot through me and my knees began to shake. My mind swirled with half thoughts and I felt woozy. I had to sit down, or I would fall.

"Lay down," I commanded.

He did and I walked up his body, each leg on either side of him. I didn't even pause over his erect prick. No way was I going to allow myself to get boned. I stopped over his head.

"You like?" 

"Oh, yes!" His eyes were glued to my pussy.

I rewarded him with the sight of me reaching my own hand in and playing with my pussy.

He moaned happily as he watched. His hand went faster on his prick.

But I still needed to sit. I knelt and sat on his chest. My pussy was inches from his face. "I bet you really like this, don't you?"

"Yes!"

"Would you like to taste it, Pendejo?"

"Yes! Yes!"

"If you do a good job, I might reward you further," I said sternly. Hopefully he came and that would be that.

I scooted up and his tongue devoured my pussy. I gasped as my whole body tensed. Shit, it felt good! Tingles jolted back and forth and waves of warmth spread through me as he tongued me better than I have ever been tongued before. Oh my god I swear if I got married I would still work these parties just for this guy's tongue. I moaned on him for several minutes as hints of tension touched and fled. I shivered violently as the tension built within me. Higher and higher I felt myself soaring, and then suddenly the waves broke. Pleasure flooded me as my body convulsed in release.

"Oooo yes, baby! Very good... oohhh yes..." My hips bucked back and forth across his tongue, nose and chin.

Groper mumbled something that was muffled by my wet, quivering pussy.

Damn, he still hadn't come and I'd told him he would be rewarded further if he did a good job on me. Well, he sure had. "Okay, Pendejo, that was very good. I'll allow you to touch me while I reward you."

I reversed over him, straddling his chest and gripped his prick in my own hand. It felt hard and hot. It throbbed in my hand as he moaned happily. I felt his fingers gently invade my pussy. Ooohhhh that felt so damn good. I found myself jacking him desperately as he explored me with his fingers.

What a job! Not only was I getting paid an outrageous double-time amount but I was enjoying the party! Sign me up for all of them!
