 Jay and her husband had just moved into a gated townhome community – lovely area, upper middle class. It was beautiful and private, but still close to the neighbors. On their first night in their new home, Jay was embarrassed when she walked outside and could hear the next door neighbor, in the throes of passion, moaning loudly for a long, long time. Jay’s husband just laughed – “somebody’s getting some – later, it’s you…” while she listened, almost against her will, and wondered what it must be like, to be lost to passion that way.

Her husband, while terrific in almost every way, was not a great lover. When they were first together, Jay was inexperienced herself, and too timid to ask for what she wanted. When she began to awaken to her sensual self, her husband was set in his ways. He was adequate; he had a good time – so what if she wasn’t a passionate little spitfire, he thought to himself, blaming her for their “ok, but not great” sex life. They were both resigned to the situation.

The few times Jay tried to take initiative, to spice things up, her husband either made her feel stupid, or laughed at her efforts. Once, she came home with some beautiful lingerie. He was sitting on the couch watching the game; when she came in to model, he just laughed at her… “what’s this? Crap to leave by the bed when we fuck…”

Once, she came home from shopping to find him sleeping on the couch. She stripped, and carefully went over and unzipped his pants… he woke up as her lips touched the tip of his dick. Naturally, he moved so that she could really suck him, and she did; she was more turned on by her own boldness than she was by him, and she sucked his dick like a pro, moaning and stroking him, caressing his balls with her hands and tongue, and not letting up until he exploded.

Afterwards, he told her she’s too aggressive.

What? Other men die wanting it… other men would die FOR a wife who wanted sex, who took the first step. This guy? Forget it…

When he wanted sex, though, his moves were always the same - Grab her, wherever she was and whatever she was doing, and put her hand on his hard dick. “Come on,” he’d say, “let’s do it…” and obediently, she’d follow him to bed, where she’d strip and climb in. He’d get right to it, touching her only enough to make sure she was wet. Sometimes, that wasn’t enough, so Jay started leaving a lubricant in the nightstand, offering to rub his dick with some before he climbed on.. he wasn’t aware if she climaxed or not. Sometimes she did, to her surprise, which only proved to her that her body craved it.

Jay knew that she would never need a lubricant, if her lover took two minutes to warm her up, but properly! She knew, from lazy afternoons with her fantasies, warm oil and her vibrator (carefully hidden when he was home!), that she could be a very responsive woman. Too bad the best sex she had was in her own mind, by her own hands. 

But this new house brought in an interesting possibility… the neighbors. In particular, the husband of that happily-moaning woman next door. In daylight, he was tall and good-looking, a business man, athletic… meeting in the driveway, they made polite conversation and planned to have a “get to know each other” barbeque on the coming weekend. 

All week, she thought about him. Was it his looks? No… admit it, it was knowing he could make a woman moan like she’d heard… 

The barbeque was fun. Both couples, nice people, good food and wine, a few laughs… and finding out that the neighbor, Mark, worked from home while his wife traveled for business about half the time. “Hey, I travel about half the time, too,” remarked Jay’s husband… “Mark, will you keep an eye on Jay for me?” Jay’s husband winked at Mark, and Mark smiled… but Mark had already figured Jay was ripe for some fun – he was so tuned in to women, he practically smelled her... Mark’s wife was totally happy and content and would never dream that her darling husband might play around. Mark intended to keep it that way.

It just meant he had to be discreet, when he fucked his neighbor.

It was only a matter of days, and both spouses were gone on business… two weeks, for Jay’s husband… 4 days, for Mark’s wife. Plenty of time. Mark called Jay immediately, as his wife’s car left the driveway, and invited her for dinner. “I hate to eat alone, and I’m a decent cook. Join me?” Oh yes, of course Jay didn’t hesitate. She’d been wondering herself, how do I approach this?

He planned a nice dinner, chilled more than enough wine to do the trick, and took a hot shower, masturbating and thinking of the night ahead…

She got ready, too. She was wet all day, sensitive nipples hardening at the brush of her clothes, thinking about his hands, his mouth… and wondering about the rest. Shaving carefully, bathing carefully, lightly perfumed… she dressed in a white silk shirt and jeans. Camisole underneath – no bra. She laughed as she decided on virginal white cotton panties – what will he think? She stopped to run a finger down her slit, touching her clit for a second.. and pinching each nipple hard, before she walked out the back door and over to her neighbor’s.

Dinner was set, already steaming on plates as she walked through the door. Wine was poured, and he handed her a glass and thanked her for joining him. “Let’s eat while it’s hot, and then we can catch the sunset out on the deck…we’ll have dessert and coffee out there…” She agreed, remembering the deck was off the bedroom, same as at her place…

He kept her glass filled, and they flirted through dinner. She even stroked his leg with her foot – a bold move for Jay. He loved that he could see her hard nipples through the silk of her blouse. He would tell her so, soon, he decided. They finally got to a general discussion of being careful, not getting caught having sex with someone else, and how they could have some fun, if they were so inclined… All this, over bottle #2, and teasingly asked and answered… ground rules laid… “And now, me!” thought Jay…

“Hey, I don’t want to miss the sunset...” he said, taking her by the hand and leading her upstairs. The balcony was set, too, table and candles, wine chilling, fresh glasses… “You’ve thought of everything,” Jay remarked. He was making her feel special.

“To Mystery, and to Life,” he toasted… and then taking her glass and setting it down, he kissed her. He pulled her close, and brushed her hair away from her face. Then he gently kissed her, lips opening, and tongue gently searching… that kiss took her breath away. He caressed her neck, and his kisses moved lower, following his hands. He ran his fingers down the front of her blouse, stopping at the buttons, and then moving to stroke her shoulders and pull her close. She could feel his hard dick pressing against her. Oh yeah, she thought, that’s going to feel so good… 

“I want to see you, out here in the sunset, naked and beautiful…” he said. He started to unbutton her blouse, carefully, running his hands lightly over her breasts as he did this. Her nipples were straining against the camisole. He took off her shirt, and then slipped the camisole over her head. He stood back to admire her lush breasts before moving close to start stroking them… He had an expert touch. At first, he’d look into her eyes and kiss her, while his hands cupped each breast and he gently pinched each sensitive tip. Then he moved lower, tonguing each tip and then sucking… gently, and then harder as he sensed her response. He unzipped her jeans… the white cotton panties almost made him cum – how did she guess? And, on his knees, he put his face right into her fragrant pussy as he pulled her jeans down and helped her out of them. He was tempted, for a minute, to leave her in those panties, but instead, he inched them down slowly, kissing her tummy, her hip bones, and finally, as she stepped out of them, he spread her just enough for his tongue to touch her clit, briefly.

Then he stopped, stood up, and pushed her back against the railing… “pose for me – you’re beautiful,” he said… as he started to take off his clothes. She was ready – she lost all inhibition – and she tried sexy poses from every magazine she’d ever seen, turning this way and that… She pinched her own nipples, she turned and gave him a great rear shot, she reached down and touched her own clit, boldly, because she’d never had a man watch her touch herself before… and he enjoyed it all, against the backdrop of the setting sun, and he slowly took off his clothes, too.

She couldn’t take her eyes off his big, gorgeous dick, once he freed it from his clothes. It was awesome! Big and thick, beautiful pink head – she was wet in anticipation! (Another area where husband was only average..) “Oh, my! You’re not going to hurt me with that?” she giggled, as he came towards her. He smiled… “promise, it won’t hurt a bit…”

Standing, he kissed her again, pressing their naked bodies together. His hands ran all over her body, cupping her ass, and spreading her so that his dick was between her lips – not fucking her, not yet – just rubbing the head of his dick against her clit while his hands and mouth caressed her. She was wet; this felt incredible for both of them. He kissed her all over, paying particular attention to her gorgeous tits because she obviously liked it so much, and finally, kneeling to really tongue her clit this time – thinking only of pleasing this lovely naked woman, so willing, in his hands.

She was moaning quietly, “oh please, oh please” as he tongued and fingered her, still standing on the balcony. Thank goodness it was private! He sucked her clit and fingered her with one hand, and caressed her ass and pulled her close with the other. She couldn’t escape his tongue (not that she wanted to) but she began to writhe and quiver… and he knew she was close to orgasm… and so he pushed her over the edge… riding her spasming cunt with his tongue, licking her juices, fingering her… while she came like crazy. He kept fingering her while he moved… and as he stood up, he stopped to suck each sweet tit again, and then kiss her…. And then turn her around.

If you get ‘em at the right time, just after a big orgasm, a woman can fuck for a long, long, time – as long as you’ve got something hard to give. He knew it, he felt it, as he finally thrust that beautiful tool into her still-quivering cunt. She braced herself against the railing, pushing her ass back towards his big dick, wanting every thrust. He took it slow… pushing the head into her pussy and rubbing it around there, before thrusting forward and filling her… he stroked her so slowly that she came again, and he stroked her deeply, only pulling out an inch, so his dick could feel every sensation of her climax. Incredible. Only with effort did he pull out before cumming himself… but he wanted more tonight, so he stopped and helped her walk to bed – she was weak in the knees.

Sitting on the bed, he stood up and she immediately reached for his glistening tool, shiny with her cum… too big to take it all in, but she did her best anyway, licking the head, stroking him, moaning, sucking his balls… he liked it, he was slightly swaying and tightening his cheeks to push his dick forward. After a few minutes, he pushed her back on the bed and climbed on top, giving her a good old-fashioned missionary-style fucking, balancing on his elbows so his hands could pinch her nipples while he fucked her, and once in a while he’d stop to suck her tits, too… and she reached a hand down between them, getting a finger around his dick as he thrust forward, to stimulate him even more than her steaming cunt was doing… and to rub her clit, too. Oh, that’s it! He’s going to cum… oh! So is she! Groaning and rolling around, they climaxed together. 

When they recovered enough to talk, they smiled and kissed… “I think I’m going to like being your neighbor,” she said, dreamily… “Our little secret..”