 I would have loved to have said that myself and the lovely blonde Ryan had wild nights every night after our first interaction, but I'm not into lying. The truth is, Ryan and I hardly saw each other after it. It wasn't because neither of us weren't interested anymore because we were. It was the fact that school had started for me and Ryan was now working. When we did see each other on occasion we either had company or were too occupied, or sad enough to say it, we didn't see enough of each other besides a casual 'hi'. Imagine my amazement when class let out early and I went home to see Ryan's car in the driveway. Being the type of girl I am though, I didn't go over and knock on the door. Instead, I went straight into the house to fix me something to eat and to watch reruns of Fresh Prince of Belair.

At six o'clock I turned the TV off and went outside to work on a research paper. Placing my laptop on my lap and sitting on one of those swinging chairs that goes on someone's porch, I swung and wrote on why Hitler was a great ruler but a real psychopath. At six ten, I got company.

"I've been thinking about you," said a handsome male voice and sat down next to me. I felt the chair go back and looked up as I finished on Hitler's twisted childhood.

"Have you? And what exactly have you been thinking?" I asked in a playful voice, but I was too consumed in my essay. Afterall, it was due the following morning. Ryan sensed my concentration on my essay and shut the lid of my laptop. I looked up at him, relieved but frustrated.

"Hey!"

"You need a break," he told me and I eyed him suspiciously. My dirty mind shot to another roll around on the bed but he seemed to read that from my face and shook his head. 

"You've been at school all day and now, you can't draw yourself away from school. You need a break," he told me again, in a sweet, caring tone. I sighed and folded my arms, watching him.

"What should I do then? Are you going to write my essay on Hitler and his war tactics if I take a break?"

Ryan made a German Hitler impression and I laughed. He agreed to help with whatever he knew as long as I agreed to take a short break. I agreed and so he took my laptop from me and set it aside.

"So what are we going to do?" I asked him casually, when my mind raced, wanting him to make out with me.

"Talk."

"About?" I asked slowly.

"Well for starters," he started out with a smile and brushed his hand across my face, caressing my lotion smoothed skin. "I want to know what you've been thinking about. You see, I've thought about you ever since...well, since we had sex." He smiled wide.

I licked my lips with a sensual look on my face. This time, I was horny. It made me want to ask if he was drunk. I chuckled inwardly and watched him.

"And?" I asked slowly, wondering if there was more.

"And, I wanted to know how you felt about me."

I nodded. "I see," I replied and rose from my seat. I gestured for him to follow me. I could hear his footsteps behind me as I picked up my laptop and headed into the house.

"Well?" he asked me as I walked over to my room and put my laptop down. It must have seemed like I was avoiding it. He folded his arms and watched me. I walked over to him and took his hand. I brought his hand to my body, without words, and then slipped his hand through my skirt, allowing him to discover the lack of panties underneath. I didn't have to say a word, especially since he discovered I was wet. I had become instantly wet as soon as I had heard his voice and he sat to talk to me. He smiled.

"Answer your question?" I asked with a playful smile.

I soon felt his fingers rubbing against my shaved area below. Within seconds, they were opening my bottom lips up and he pressed a warm finger against my clit. I inhaled deeply as I felt him move his finger along my wetness. My hands grabbed onto his shoulders, unsure of what to do aside from take in the pleasure. A soft moan escaped my lips as he played with my swollen clit. To my surprise, however, a second later, his finger was gone. He had heated me up only to withdraw. I grew frustrated as he slipped his hand from my skirt.

"I want to taste you," he leaned in and whispered into my ear. 

I looked at him and instantly forgave him for his withdraw from my skirt. I nodded and grabbed onto his shirt. I pulled him towards the couch. Glancing at the clock I knew we had to make it quick. Wendy and Amelia would be home soon. I wasn't sure which one would be first but I knew one would. The last thing I wanted was to be caught having sex with my neighbor.

When I felt the back of my legs hit against the couch side, I fell back on it, pulling Ryan down with me. I pulled him on top of me and started to work on my skirt. He stopped my eager hand and instead, lifted it up onto my stomach to expose myself to him. I instantly spread my legs before him, allowing him a full on view of my goodness. He seemed to have liked it because I felt his finger run along my wetness once more. 

I shivered from the pleasure and waited eagerly. It had been too long since our first interaction. I wanted him. My body craved him. Craved his huge member thrusting into me. I felt a finger slide into my hole and let out a huge sigh of relief from his touch. He began to work his finger in me, first, feeling me around and then, pretty soon, starting a pace. He soon slipped another finger in with it and I felt my whole body heat up. Before I knew it, he was fingering me with three fingers at a beautifully fast pace. My body quickly climbed towards an orgasm. I could feel it. My walls contracted against his hand a couple times before I finally let release. I moaned loudly and felt his tongue working on me. He was sticking his tounge within my opening and licking up all of my woman juice. Never had anything felt so great. He finished me off totally and then climbed up on me, laying there, sucking heavily on my neck. 

I could feel the pressure of his member against his jeans. It was pushing for freedom. I was more then happy to oblige. My hands slid down his clothes until they met the top of his jeans. I unbuttoned and then slowly unzipped them. There was no need to really take all of him out, only enough to relieve him. I pulled at his throbbing member, releasing it from it's restraints.

"Oh, thank you," he said, smiling, as he glanced down at my hand wrapped around his thick muscle.

"Anytime," I replied playfully back to him and slid my hand down his shaft until my knuckles grazed against his sacs. It was his turn to exhale slowly. I noticed his eyes close and smiled.

"I want to feel you again," I told him longingly.

"You are feeling me," he replied with a small chuckle. 

I shook my head. "You know what I mean Ryan. I want to -feel- you. I want you in me. Please, give it to me."

Ryan shook his head with a wide smile. "Believe me, you'll get it. I'm not leaving until I have."

I smiled.

Ryan rubbed his thick member in-between my legs and I got wetter. I moaned and pushed my head against the pillow on the couch.

"Should I come back later?" asked a voice. My eyes shot to the door where Wendy was standing, leaning against the doorframe.

"Oh my...Wendy, you aren't suppose to be home yet!" I said, shocked. I had never been caught by any of my room mates before. It may have not been embarrassing for her, but it was for me.

"Got out early," Wendy replied, as she walked in and closed the door behind herself. "Should I come back when you are done?" She smiled and sat down in a chair facing the couch.

Ryan watched her for a moment and shrugged. He looked down at me and I shook my head.

"Oh please girl, continue. I heard you two outside and had to see. As soon as I saw you, I've been wet nonstop."

I looked at her in a shocked way.

She laughed. "Please continue."

Ryan once more turned to me. His shaft was still in-between my legs. I shrugged and nodded. What else could I do? I hadn't seen or been with Ryan for the longest time and my female body was screaming at me for it. With a quick motion, I felt Ryan slip inside of me. I moaned and turned to see Wendy, watching. It was a bit uncomfortable but I was slowly forcing myself to get used to it.

"Oh my gawd girl! You are hot and wet!" Wendy exclaimed and got up from her seat.

"Wendy! Sit down!" I yelled at her but she didn't listen. She walked over and behind Ryan. By then, Ryan was starting his motions, immediately going into a steady one. I hated when they started out slow anyway. I closed my eyes and threw my head back.

I could feel hands moving on my body and taking my shirt off. I was glad to help. Then my bra was the next to come off. I opened my eyes to see Wendy with my bra. She was undressed now, only in her panties and bra. My jaw dropped but I was unable to say anything because Ryan was giving me a great ride. I moaned louder but Wendy silenced me with her lips. She placed her lips on mine and began to kiss me deeply. It was the strangest sensation in the world to be kissed by a best friend and room mate. Especially since I was straight and not into girls. It was a bit invigorating though. I could feel my orgasm working it's way up again.

Wendy took one of my hands, caressing it and leaned into my ear. "Feel how wet I am. It's for you," she told me and moved my hand into her panties. They were soaked. She pushed my hand down farther and then pressed herself against it. My fingertip slipped into her lubricated juicy lips and I felt her swollen clit. Ryan was moving so fast inside of me I was having trouble doing anything but moaning or closing my eyes. My other hand reached around to him and grabbed onto his shoulder for leverage.

Wendy by then had slipped her panties off and kneeled by the couch. She held onto my other hand and leaned into one of my nipples, taking it into her mouth. I could feel Ryan was aroused at the sight in front of him because he grew within me and his throbbing member, stiffened as he continued to thrust into me. My breathing was so heavy I thought my heart would burst from my chest. Wendy didn't need to move my hand under her anymore because I had taken that upon myself now.

My hand just slipped along her because she was so wet. I found myself wondering what she tasted like. Two of my fingers slipped into her and I began to finger her while Ryan was reaching his orgasm within me. I could feel my own body tightening against his. My room mate and neighbor were making this one wild night for me. Hitler had nothing on these two. As weird as it was to finger a female, I actually enjoyed it a bit. Not sure I would make routine of it though.

I lubricated my hand with Wendy's sweet juice and then slid my finger along her swollen clit, giving her pleasure. She moaned against my chest and flicked my nipple with her tongue. 

"Oh yes," she said, and I felt her legs contract against my hand, letting me know she was going to hit her ecstacy factor soon. My finger kept it's motions against her clit, rolling it and rubbing it. When Ryan started to work me faster, I let out silent screams and fingered Wendy even faster, rubbing my fingers roughly along her clit. My body shivered and my limbs stopped functioning as I was hit over into an orgasm and screamed out a moan.

"Yes! Yes! Oh gawd yes! Oh Ryan! Wendy!" I said through heavy breaths and my whole body shivered. I held onto it as long as I could until I left Ryan hit his climax and release his hot liquid into me. The rush of it all was amazing. My hand started to work on Wendy still, wanting to hear her sputter and scream. She was close to it, I could feel it.

I rubbed her clit faster and then felt her whole body contract. She screamed out and rested her head against my chest as she released. My hand became even wetter if it was possible. I withdrew my hand from her and wiped it on the couch, looking at the two for a moment.

"I need to go take a shower. Thanks girl. That was great," she smiled and squeezed my breast playfully before getting weakly up from her spot and going towards the bathroom with a huge grin on her face. I turned to Ryan and noticed he was smiling wide.

"I'm -really- glad I moved in across the street."

I laughed and pulled him into a deep, passionate kiss.