 Josh and Katie got everything cleaned up before heading off to bed and joked about what they had witnessed earlier through the bathroom window. 

"That was interesting." Josh said.

"I can't believe that they did that." replied Katie. "And I can't believe how hard you got watching them." slapping him on the arm.

"It's not like you were looking away either." he exclaimed smacking her on the ass as they walked down the hall. "I'm sure your panties were pretty wet."

"Maybe." Not wanting to let on to how horny it made her.

They were changing their clothes as Katie noticed that Josh's cock was a little thicker from them talking about it. 

They climbed into the bed and turned the TV on as they continued joking about it. They were both getting excited talking about it and Josh's cock was now fully erect. He pulled the covers back and pulled his shorts to one side and pulled his massive erection and tight balls out and began to stroke it. The light from the TV illuminating his hard shaft. He had his balls in one hand while stroking his cock with the other. Katie loves to watch him stroke himself. It makes her so wet. 

"Well I can see someone is horny." Katie said with a smile on her face.

"Like that didn't make you wet." Josh shot back. "Let me feel your pussy, I bet you're still wet."

He continued to move his hand up and down the length of his shaft as he smiled knowing that she loved to watch him. 

She still wouldn't give in and tell him that she was wet. Josh slid his hand up her thigh while he continued stroking himself and she opened her legs giving him access to find out for himself. He slid his hand down her panties and his finger slides between her wet pussy lips with ease. 

"Just what I thought." he said smiling.

He continues sliding his finger up and down her slit touching her clit very lightly. Her hips slowly moving up and down now. She reaches in the drawer of the bedside table and pulls out her vibrator and turns it on. She pulls her panties down and rubs it against her swollen clit. She slides it up and down her pussy to get it wet and moves back to her swollen clit while watching Josh stroke himself. 

Josh reaches over and pulls her shirt up and sucks her nipple into his mouth. It pops out of his mouth causing her boob to bounce. He gently bites her nipple and continues sucking her nipples into his mouth. His free hand massaging her breasts. She continues rubbing her clit with the vibrator as Josh slides his shorts off. He moves his cock up to her mouth. She licks the head of his cock then licks up and down his shaft the way that Trish did to Sam. Katie takes him into her mouth as he lets out a moan. Her mouth is warm and wet and her tongue is pressing against his cock as she moves it in and out of her mouth. Josh pulls his cock out of her mouth and circles it across her wet lips the way that Sam did to Trish. Katie's lips part wanting to suck it back into her mouth. Josh gently grabs the back of her head and holds her head still and guides his cock into her mouth. His hips move back and forth as he begins to fuck her warm, wet mouth. 

Josh reaches down between her legs and slides a finger into her wet pussy as she continues rubbing her clit with her vibrator. He pulls his finger out of her pussy and puts it his mouth and sucks her wetness from it. He grabs her breast and pulls his cock from her mouth and rubs the head of his dick all around her nipple and between her breasts. Her spit providing plenty of lubrication. He grabs his cock and strokes his shaft against her breast. She slides the vibrator inside of her juicy pussy and fucks herself fast with it. Her pussy begins to tighten as she feels her climax coming on. She returns the vibrator to her clit as her pussy tightens and begins to contract. Her muscles tense with each wave of pleasure and her legs slam shut as the vibrator is unletting on her clit. Her juices running out of her pussy and down her ass onto the sheets. Josh moves his cock back to her mouth and fucks her mouth as she orgasms. Her moaning is causing a vibration that spreads across his head and down his shaft. He feels his balls tighten and pulls his cock from the vacuum of her mouth and strokes his saliva covered cock as cum spurts from his cock onto her nipple and breast. It's warm and feels so good on her tits. Watching Josh's cock erupting makes her own orgasm even stronger. His cock continues to erupt all over her tits as she massages his balls. His body jerks with each contraction until nothing is left in his balls and he collapses onto the bed. 

"We haven't done that in a while." Katie said as she smiled. "Maybe we should invite them over more often."

They both laughed and got up to get cleaned up before returning the bed.