 Every once in a while, you meet someone that changes your entire life. I've always known that I was a little bit different than the other guys I knew. Every guy dated the skinny, scrawny chick with attitudes up to here, and the body of a fifteen-year-old boy, pre-puberty, because that was what their friends and family expected of them. I admit, I did the same for a lot of years, and while there was usually sex involved, there was always something missing.

About a year ago, my job promoted me to run a new office in another state. I was sad to be leaving my hometown, but excited at the same time. I realized that in the new town, I could be true to myself, and not have to worry about the peer pressure and expectations of those around me. I was going to be totally on my own. 

I got settled into my new job, and my new home. The company had given me a hell of a big moving bonus, and with my savings, I actually bought a small house in the nicer part of the city. It had a great yard, with a wooden fence in the front, and high hedges surrounding the backyard, allowing total privacy to anyone within. The first thing I bought, besides the obligatory entertainment system, was a Jacuzzi. I played a lot of sports, and knew that it would be a great investment for me, personally.

Most of my neighbors were friendly enough, but I was pretty much left alone. No welcoming committee when I moved in, no girl scouts trying to sell me cookies, just peace and quiet. I got to know the area, and discovered several nice hangouts, where I could possibly try my luck at meeting the opposite sex, and maybe get laid once in a while.

I was actually having little luck in that regard, the only exception being when a girl in my office gave her notice. Her last day on the job before leaving to a new company, we took her out for a few drinks, and she ended up in my Jacuzzi, naked as the day she was born. Of course, one thing led to another, and she left town a very happy girl, indeed. That, unfortunately, was about the only luck I'd had, and there was no chance of repeating the occasion.

My neighbors on the right side had moved out a few weeks earlier, which was not much of a loss, as they were kind of sloppy, and really didn't take very good care of the property. It turns out they were renters, and the owner had come to check on the property and smelled marijuana coming from the house. I had known they were smokers, but I guess the owner didn't know, because when they found out they were evicted immediately. There was a crew working on the place, doing some renovations, and they were pretty good about making sure that they kept the noise down, and cleaning up after themselves.

Once the work was done, the place stood empty for about a month. One night, coming home from work, I spotted lights in the back of the house. I wandered over, wanting to make sure nothing odd was going on. I knocked on the front door, and when it opened, my heart skipped a beat. The most incredible looking creature I'd ever seen stood there, and I was at a complete loss for words. She was a tall, dark-skinned beauty, and she was plump in all the right places. She was wearing a gray tank top and skimpy shorts, and looked beautiful. "Hi. Can I help you?"

"I'm the guy next door. Saw lights in here, and since the place has been empty for a couple of months, I thought I'd check it out, make sure nothing funny was going on."

"Thanks! My parents own the house, and I'll be moving in as soon as I finish up some of the painting that needs to be done. Come on back. I could use the company while I work, unless you needed to get going, that is?"

"Nope, just let me go home and change, and I'll even give you a hand, if you'd like. By the way, my name is Eric."

"Aw, jeez. How dumb of me. My name is Lori. Nice to meet you."

We shook hands, and as our eyes met, I sensed an instant connection between us. Whether it would lead to anything, who could tell?

I ran home and put on some old clothes suitable for painting and working in, grabbed an ice chest, filled it with beer, and headed over.

"Lori? It's me. Where are you?

I heard her call from upstairs, and headed up. She was in the back bedroom, painting the ceiling with a roller. I quickly jumped in to help out, and we had the entire room done in no time.

"Why don't we go sit out back for awhile? It's kind of warm in here, and the air conditioner isn't due to be repaired until next week. Those assholes that were renting the place blew it out, and never bothered to tell anyone there was a problem. They really did a job on this place. The A/C, the basement smelled like pot for weeks. Daddy had to rip all of the paneling out and reinsulated the entire room before the smell would go away. Seems like all they ever did was smoke pot and mess things up."

"They were pretty odd people. I never really talked to either of them, but every so often, I'd hear them in the backyard talking. I think they were growing pot here too."

"I'm sure they were. There was a huge chunk of the backyard that was just torn apart, as if all of the plants had been ripped out, and nothing put back. They probably had a couple of dozen plants back here."

I had known that the owners had done a lot of work on the property, but I hadn't realized that they had installed a small pool back there. It was small, but full of clean, fresh water, and Lori had put a table and chairs next to it.

"Quite a set-up you have here. I think I'm slightly jealous. I only have a Jacuzzi in my yard. Then again, I'm not sure I want to pay to have a pool installed, either." "Daddy's idea. He wanted to increase the value of the property for me, since he says he's giving it to me for my 30th birthday next year. I kind of hope he does, but at the same time, he's put a lot of money into the place, so if he decides to sell it, I'm pretty okay with that as well."

We sat by the pool and talked for a couple of hours, and I used the time to check every inch of Lori out. She was a plump girl, with curves in all the right places. Large, firm tits, a big, rounded belly, and great hips. Her legs were solid, strong legs, not a bit of cellulite on them for someone as big as she was.

"So, Eric. No girlfriend to be jealous of you hanging out with the new neighbor chick?"

I laughed.

"Nope, only been in town a few months. My company transferred me here to take over the regional office, and I got lucky and bought the house next door for a really great price. I tend to work a lot, and since I'm not a big club type, I really don't have much opportunity to meet women. What about you? Is there a boyfriend hiding in the bushes, waiting to jump out and kick my ass for being here?"

She smiled.

"That's one of the reasons I took my dad up on the offer to move here. My asshole of an ex-boyfriend was cheating on me, with his roommate. He says that I turned him gay. I was devastated for a little while, but what I really couldn't handle was all the looks I got from all of the people I thought were friends. They all seemed to believe his stories about me, and how frigid I was. Within a month, I lost just about every friend I had, and when Daddy made the offer, I jumped at it."

"That sucks! I doubt it very highly that you 'turned him gay'. He was using you as a cover, and when he got caught, he just blamed you as a convenient way to excuse it all. Sounds like a real queen to me, and you're better off without him."

She gave me a big smile, and laughed.

"That's almost exactly what my Dad said when he heard what happened. Although he also offered to kick his queer little ass for him all over town, but I talked him out of that. Sometimes, I kind of wish I'd taken him up on the offer..."

"Well, if the moron ever shows up here, I'll take him apart for you. No worries."

We laughed, and for the rest of the evening, we got to know each other better. Before either one of us realized, it was dark outside, and we reluctantly parted ways for the evening. We swapped phone numbers, and Lori promised to let me know when her stuff was coming in, so I would be able to help her move in.

Work really piled up on me for the next couple of weeks, and I almost for got my offer to help. When I got the call from Lori, though, the first thing that popped into my head was a mental image of those big tits, and how sexy she was. I quickly agreed to meet her at her place the next day, and since I was the boss, it was easy to arrange a few days off in a hurry.

The next morning, I got up early, and was sitting on my front porch with a cup of coffee when her car pulled up to the driveway.

"Eric! Can I park in your driveway? I want the movers to be able to pull the truck into the driveway, and bring stuff in through the garage."

"No problem, Lori. Just pull it up next to mine."

She parked her Mustang next to my truck, and hopped out. She was dressed in much the same way she was before, and was as sexy as I remembered her to be. She gave me a big hug, and a kiss on the cheek.

"Thank you so much, Eric. Daddy was really happy to hear that I've already made a friend, although I think he'd be happier if you were female. He's still pissed about the last guy I dated, you know."

"Would it help if I promised to keep my hands off of you?"

She laughed, and gave me a sly look.

"I'm sure Daddy would appreciate that, but I'm not so sure I would..."

Before I had a chance to say anything, the moving truck showed up, and we spent the next several hours busting our butts moving Lori's furniture in, and getting the house set up the way she wanted it. There's nothing like moving the same piece of furniture six or seven times to really build your appetite. By the time the movers emptied the truck and left, we were both absolutely starving, and I offered to barbeque a couple of burgers for us, and she agreed.

We walked over to my place, and joked that we should put a gate between our backyards, to make going back and forth easier.

"I don't know, though. I like to Jacuzzi naked, and I wouldn't want to scare you with the sight of me naked." I joked.

"Nudity is a wonderful thing. Why do you think I had the landscapers put such high hedges all around the backyard. The only house with a view into my backyard is yours, and I somehow don't think you'd object if you got to see me naked once in a while. Or am I completely wrong about that?"

Embarrassed, I agreed.

"Didn't realize I'd been so obvious in my admiration. Guess I need to work on my poker face."

She laughed.

"Don't worry about it. I happened to catch you checking my ass out the night we met, and I saw you liked what you saw, so I didn't mind. You did like what you saw, right?"

I smiled.

"What's not to like? You are an incredibly sexy lady, Lori. I'd have to be blind not to think so."

"Well, you're certainly not blind!"

We laughed, and sat down to have lunch. Our conversation eventually led to sex, as I had figured it would, and Lori asked me a surprising question point blank.

"So, Eric. What is it about fat chicks that gets you going?"

I almost swallowed my tongue I was so shocked. She laughed to see my expression. 

"Beat around the bush, why don't you? Wow...I guess it's because I feel more comfortable with larger women. There's something about larger women that makes me relax, and feel like I can be myself, where the skinny chicks all want more than I'm usually willing to give. I've never dated a thin girl that didn't dominate the conversation, or talk about herself all night. There are big girls like that too, I guess, but most are much more interested in a give-and-take conversation. They're more interested in you, than in how much money you make, or what kind of car you drive."

"I guess I can see that, and I respect the obvious honesty in your answer. Can you honestly say that the size of her tits doesn't excite you, just a little?"

"I've never been about the shape of a woman's figure, Lori. I won't lie, big boobs are a plus, as far as I'm concerned, but they're not the whole package. There's also the size of her butt, for example..."

"Shithead!"

We both laughed, and the conversation changed again, but we were both thinking of what we'd just discussed. After lunch, we went back to work, and by late afternoon, pretty much all of her furniture was in place, and she was down to unpacking her bedroom. I sat in her armchair as she put her clothing away, and we chatted about different things. As a joke, she pulled out her lingerie bag, and pulled one out. "So, you think this would look good?"

"My opinion of lingerie is this: it all looks the same in a pile on the side of the bed."

She threw the item at me.

"You are such an asshole! God, men sometimes!"

I held it up, and moved it so it was right in front of her. I smiled, and threw it back.

"You're right though. That would look really good on you."

She blushed a little, and laughed.

"You blew that, buster. You should have said so the first time!"

I put my head in my hands and faked crying. She threw something else at me, and when I picked it up, I saw it was a bra. I took it and draped it over my head like a helmet. When Lori saw what I had done, she came over and tried to pull it off my head. The strap had gotten wrapped around my ear, and when she pulled, she yanked on my ear, causing me to yelp in pain.

"I'm so sorry, Eric. I didn't realize it got wrapped around your ear like that."

"I see how you are. Now I know you're a rough one...I'll be on my guard!"

We laughed, and she finished putting her things away. We headed downstairs, and she asked if I wanted to take a moonlight swim.

"I'd love to. Let me go get some trunks."

"If you must."

She walked through the living room, shedding her clothes as she went. She pulled her top over her head, and unclipped her bra, dropping both on the couch. She slipped her shorts down and kicked them free, and with a shake of her hips, let her panties drop as well. Those, she kicked in the air behind her, and I caught them out of the air. I could feel the wetness in the crotch, and I smiled.

She ran to the pool, her tits bouncing as she went, and dove in. She popped up at the edge of the pool, and smiled.

"Coming in? Or were you going to go get trunks?"

I laughed, and quickly stripped down. I could see her eyes drop to my cock as it popped free of my shorts, and she licked her lips slightly in anticipation. I dove into the pool, and popped up next to her at the edge.

"So, this is a clothing optional pool?"

"I wouldn't have it any other way!"

We laughed, and splashed each other, acting like kids. There was a definite sexual air around us, but no pressure from either of us to make something happen. I swam to the edge and lifted myself up to sit on the side. Lori swam up next to me, and rested her head on my leg. My cock was only a few inches from her face, and I could feel her hot breath on it.

"My, oh my, Eric. That's a very nice cock you have there. Would you mind if I took a closer look?"

Before I had a chance to say anything, she leaned forward and took it into her mouth. She worked her way slowly down the shaft, and just as slowly, worked her way back up. She certainly knew a few tricks about cocksucking, and wasn't afraid to use them. I leaned back, and thoroughly enjoyed her efforts. She sucked and licked my cock, and took first one, then the other of my balls in her mouth, giving them as much attention as she had my cock. She moved around to be between my legs, and I spread them wider to give her room. I felt her breath on my ass, and then she licked my anus. I'd never had that done to me before, and now I was wondering why. It was an incredible feeling, to have a moist tongue licking your ass.

She swallowed my cock again, and really got into the act. She was sucking my cock for all it could give her, and I could feel the release approaching.

"Lori, you're going to make me come, that feel so good."

She responded by running her fingers along my ass again, which brought me to the top.

"Oh god, I'm coming!"

She never hesitated, but swallowed all I had to give, and since it'd been a while since I'd had sex, there was a lot to give. Lori took it all, and gently stroked me as I came down from the intense orgasm she'd just given me.

I sat up, and looked at her. She was smiling as she floated in the pool, licking her lips.

"That was a very tasty treat, Eric. You won't mind if I try that again sometime, would you?"

I hopped into the water, and swam next to her. I kissed her deeply, and she responded hungrily. Our tongues danced, and my hands went to her tits, and her rock hard nipples. She moaned as my fingers tweaked and squeezed her nipples, and I kissed my way down her neck. We had moved to the steps of the pool, and she sat back as I sucked her nipples. They had to have been close to an inch long, and they were plump and hard to the touch. Lori pulled my head tight against her breasts, and I kissed every inch of them. I slipped one hand down her body, rubbing her stomach and down to the edge of her nether regions. She moved her legs apart to afford me better access to her, and as my hand neared, I could feel the heat from her pussy. She was completely hairless down there, and smooth to the touch.

She moaned as my fingers tweaked and teased her twat, grinding herself against me. I sucked her tits and fingered her pussy until she came, moaning her delight all the way. We kissed again, and she reached for my again hard cock.

"I can think of a very good place to put this, can't you?"

I responded by positioning myself between her legs, and rubbing my cock against her pussy. She rose to meet it, and the head slipped inside. I gave one big thrust, and was deep inside. She sighed in contentment, and we developed a rhythm. The water lapping against us added to the pleasure, and Lori wrapped hers around my waist as we fucked.

Every time she came, I could feel her pussy muscles tighten around my cock, and as she went through another orgasm, my own built up.

"Come inside of me, Eric. I love the way a cock feels inside me when it shoots off..."

I needed no further encouragement, and gave a final thrust. My cock exploded within her as she tightened her muscles around it, giving me a very intense orgasm. I collapsed with her, and we just floated in the water for a few minutes. We kissed tenderly, knowing we'd just had something very special, and that we both wanted it to continue...

After a few minutes, we got out of the pool, and wrapped up in towels. We snuggled together, our wet bodies touching and warming the other. I felt her breath against my neck, and she let out a great sigh.

"What?"

"Nothing, Just very...content. I could really get used to this, Eric. You are truly a special person, and I'm really glad I moved in here."

"I'm glad you moved in here, too."

We lie there for a few more minutes. Eventually, it got too cold for us to be outside, and as we went inside, she looked over at the fence, and laughed.

"We have GOT to put a gate in that damn fence!"

Laughing, we made our way upstairs, where we made love again, this time in the comfort of her bed.

The next morning, Lori woke up, and I was gone. She made her way down to the kitchen, and looked out the window to the back yard. There I was, naked except for my tool belt, cutting an opening the size of a gate in the fence...

This is only the beginning of the tales of Eric and Lori...be sure to give me your opinion, and suggestions are always welcome.