 A new couple had finally moved into the house across the street. They were in their late 30s with two teenage kids. They were both attractive and relatively fit and dressed conservatively. The moving truck had pulled up and the movers were unloading the truck as Josh and Katie watched from their living room. Josh and Katie had been married for 20 years and also had two teenage kids. They were glad to see a couple their age moving in that at least looked normal. They decided to invite them over once they got settled in for drinks and a cook out. 

Josh fired up the grill and was preparing the chicken and kabobs when Sam and Trish arrived. They came in and offered their assistance with the food but Josh and Katie refused and offered them both a drink. Once the food was prepared they moved to the back deck and put the food on the grill. They sat and talked getting to know one another over drinks while the food cooked. 

Sam was about the same height as Josh with an athletic build and a short cropped hair cut. He was tan with a few days growth of facial hair and blue eyes that stood out. Trish was also about the same height as Katie with blonde shoulder length hair. Her build was also athletic but she was a little softer around the edges than Sam was. She was wearing a mid thigh skirt which showed off her tan legs and she had a nice button down shirt which showed just a little bit of cleavage. 

All of their kids were gone to friend's houses that night and you could tell that they didn't get much time alone without them. Sam was running his hand all over Trish's legs as they talked and we caught him staring at her breasts several times. Trish could tell that he was getting horny so she tried to nonchalantly unbutton her blouse a little more to show more cleavage to tease him. They had several more drinks while the food cooked and Sam was adjusting himself in his chair trying to hide the bulge in his pants. 

Josh got up to check the food and asked Katie to bring him a pan to put the food on. Sam asked to use the restroom so Josh pointed him in the right direction and Sam excused himself. Sam looked back at Trish as he entered the house and motioned with his eyes for her to follow. A couple of minutes had gone by and Trish excused herself to use the restroom as well. The bathroom window was right off of the deck and the blinds were slightly open. It was dark outside so you could see inside the bathroom. Josh was taking the food off and putting it into a pan that Katie was holding when she nudged him. Josh looked up and saw her looking into the bathroom window. He looked up to see Sam and Trish passionately kissing in their bathroom. 

"I guess they really don't get much alone time." declared Katie.

They both watched intently through the window as Sam fondled her breasts and kissed her on the neck. Trish unbuttoned her shirt allowing access to her breasts. Her bra latched in the front and she popped it loose exposing her large natural breasts as Sam squeezed her breasts together and immediately began sucking her nipples into his mouth. Her breasts were much larger than they appeared in her blouse and hung down slightly. Her nipples were small, pink and standing erect. He squeezed her breasts together and kissed, licked and sucked all over each one. He pulled her skirt up and pulled her panties to the side as he continued to suck and lick her nipples. He slid his fingers across her clit and between her moist lips as her mouth opened and her head fell back in response. He slowly slid his fingers in and out of her pussy until his fingers were dripping and then rubbed her pussy juice across her nipples and then sucked her wetness back off. She grabbed his hand and took his fingers into her mouth and sucked the remaining wetness from them. Josh and Katie were frozen as they watched from the deck, not believing what the new neighbors were doing in their bathroom after just meeting them.

Trish reached down and felt the bulge in Sam's pants. Her pussy ached to feel his thick cock inside of her but she knew they needed to get back outside. She unzipped his shorts and pulled his erect cock out. She dropped to her knees and with his cock in one hand she began to lick circles around the head of his swollen member and down the underside of his shaft while her other hand massaged his tight balls. She wrapped her wet lips around his cock and slid down his shaft as far as she could go. She had one hand at the base of his cock with his balls and cock gripped together while her other hand stroked him as his cock slid in and out of her inviting mouth. He put one hand on the back of her head grabbing her hair. He took his cock in his hand and pulled it out of her mouth and circled the head of it across her wet lips. She slid her hand under her skirt and slid a couple of fingers inside her pussy and then pulled them out and stroked his cock with her pussy juices. She then took his cock back into her mouth so she could taste her own wetness. He knew that if he didn't stop now that he was going to fuck her right there in the bathroom. He reached down and slid her panties off and put them in the pocket of his shorts before placing his hard cock back into his shorts. Trish clasped her bra back together and buttoned her shirt back up as they tried to make themselves presentable before coming back out. 

Josh and Katie were still in a trance watching them go at it. Katie could feel her pussy flooding her panties and she noticed Josh's erection trying to bust out of his zipper. 

"Like what you see?' Katie asked looking at his cock.

Josh stumbled over his words as they went inside with the food. They heard the water running in the bathroom as Josh adjusted himself before they came out of the bathroom. The bathroom door opened and they both emerged. 

Josh had his back to them and turned slightly toward them and said "That's good timing, the food is done."

"Great!" said Sam. "I'm starving."

They all sat down to eat and had a few more drinks as Josh and Katie tried not to think about what they just witnessed. They talked about hobbies and what they liked to do for fun. Trish said that they don't have many hobbies because the kids keep them pretty busy. Josh asked which gym they used and realized that they all went to the same gym. 

"That's crazy that we've never seen y'all there." exclaimed Josh.

"We haven't been going very much lately with all the packing and moving and the kid's activities." Sam replied.

Trish told Katie that she was planning on going in the morning and asked if she would like to go with her. Katie agreed to go since she didn't really have anyone to go with besides Josh and he always took so long there. They agreed to go at 7:00 the next morning. Josh had to work the next day and Sam had some business to tend to later the next day and planned to sleep in.

"Well it's getting pretty late and we have a date in the morning." Trish said looking at Katie. "Thank you for inviting us over. We had a great time. It was nice hanging out with grownups instead of a bunch of teenagers." 

They all exchanged good nights and their new neighbors left.

"Gee, I wonder what they are going to go do since they don't have any kids tonight." Josh remarked with a grin on his face.