 An alarm clock was buzzing on a small, bedside table. In a half awakened state, Samantha Miller looked over towards the noise through sleepy eyes.

	“Shit”, she exclaimed, jumping out of bed, “I’m late again.”

	She hurriedly showered and dressed then left for the office. Speeding around corners and through stop signs, she made the fifteen-minute commute in just less than five minutes. The car’s tires squeaked through the parking garage while she drove recklessly through looking for any available spot. When she had finally found a free space, she pulled in, quickly applied a small amount of makeup, and then hastily headed for the office’s entrance.

	Opening one of the large double doors, a small gust of air from the building caught her hair and lifted it in its breeze; the sight that would turn any head. To those in the corridor looking on, she was angelic. Standing just over five and a half feet tall, she held her extreme beauty with an exquisite grace; her body was almost perfect. With long golden hair, ample firm breasts, a small round ass and her long slender legs, she was gorgeous and she knew it.

	The building’s air conditioner always kept the interior quite cool, the effects of which could obviously been seen on her as she rushed down the hall towards the bank of elevators. Finding one about to go up, she raced for it.

	“Hold the elevator”, she cried out, but her plea fell on deaf ears and the twin doors closed in on each other and the lift was gone. 

“Asshole”, she said rather too loudly.

“Problem, Sam?” came the reply. A stately gentleman had passed by behind her just in time to witness her tantrum.

“Fuck”, she said under her breath and turned around, “No sir, no problem at all”

“Good, good”, the man said and casually walked off.

Sam only had a short wait before another elevator came and within a few minutes, she was upstairs and in her office. The busy world was outside and for just a moment she sat back in her chair and relaxed, nearly two hours after she was supposed to begin work. Sam hadn’t passed her boss on the way to her office so she felt confident that she had yet again gotten away with the tardiness. She reached into the bottom drawer of her desk and produced an almost empty bottle of Scotch and a shot glass. She poured herself the usual Wake Me Up drink then downed it quickly before return the bottle and glass to their home. Kicking off her shoes, she started going through a rather large pile of paper on her desk when there was a knock at the door.

“Come,” she said with a grin.

“Sam, we need to talk,” the voice returned as the tall man entered the room. 

“Of course, Paul. What’s up?” Sam was nervous. Paul Harding was her direct supervisor and any conversation he started with those words was sure to be bad for whoever received them.

“The number of complaints I’ve had about you”, he joked with a serious grin. “We’ve talked about this before, Sam, and your attitude towards your work and your peers just doesn’t seem to be getting any better.”

“I see, “ she said during his pause and slid her shoes on under the desk.

“You’re work is great and some of the best quality, but with the way you talk to me, others around the office, even the customers I’m afraid that this just isn’t going to work out.”

“Okay, I’ll clear…”

“I’m here to help you pack now, “ Paul interrupted, “and to escort you out of the building. I’m sorry, Sam.”

“I understand, “ she said, clearly hurt and didn’t say another word.

Paul watched on in silence as Sam packed her few personal items into a small box he had provided. He couldn’t help but notice the curves of her body as she moved around. Her breasts, hips, and everything else kept his attention focused solely on her. The lustful look in his eyes gave away how many times he had fantasized about her. The small rise in his pants showed he must be having one now.

When she had finished, Paul held the door open for her and the two of them walked silently to the elevator. They arrived shortly and Paul pressed the call button. A handful of people walked by during their daily hustle, but no one said a thing. Sam had always known she wasn’t well liked, and it didn’t bother her, but to see absolutely no grief from her departure greatly upset Sam. She thought about it quietly for a moment then began to silently cry. 

“It’ll be alright, Sam, “ Paul said when he saw the tears. He put his arm around her shoulder and with a small squeeze continued, “Like I said, you’re a great worker, you’ll find something real soon.”

She sniffled a couple of times and stopped crying. She wasn’t concerned about another job, and Paul’s heart-felt, yet naïve words did nothing for her. Her mind had left the scene altogether and was set on one thing: his touch. In Sam’s mind, it had been much too long since she’d felt the touch of another person, let alone a man. It stirred inside of her and suddenly this friendly touch excited her to no end.

An elevator arrived at their floor and opened its doors. Sam stepped inside with Paul alongside with his arm still around her shoulder lightly. He was clearly enjoying the chance to comfort her. Sam pressed the button marked First Floor, the doors closed, and the elevator began its descent. After they had passed a few floors the two felt a sharp jolt. Suddenly, the lights flickered out and the elevator began to fall. Sam dropped her box and started to scream.

“Paul, “ she cried out and gripped his arm with both hands, pulling him close with all of her strength. Paul was silent and stood there hypnotized by the fear of death.

After an eternity, the elevator came to a slamming halt that knocked the two slightly off their feet. They regained their balance and Sam resumed clinging onto her former boss. They stood silently in the dark and waited for whatever may come next when finally the lights had returned. Paul stepped forward to work with the elevator’s controls. Sam had refused to let go and began sobbing loudly.

Despite all his effort, the elevator refused to give to Paul’s control. He opened a small door below the control panel and found only a frayed wire and a candy bar wrapper where the Emergency Phone should be. He stepped to the back of the elevator with Sam still attached to his arm and let out a sigh.

“Looks like we might be here for awhile, “ he said. 

Sam just continued to cry. 

“Hey”, he continued, “It’ll be alright.”

She looked up at him with tearful eyes and kept sobbing. Looking down at her, Paul was at a loss for what to do. He turned around to face her and pulled her in close. They wrapped their arms around each and she laid her head on his shoulder, still crying out of fear. He held her tightly for a moment then took a small step back without letting go. She had controlled her self for a brief second and when she looked up she found his eyes staring into hers.

“Don’t worry, Sam, we’ll…”

Sam interrupted his comforting by pushing her lips onto his. The combination of her terror filled ordeal and the excitement she felt being held by this man was too much for Sam to handle; she had lost control. Paul stumbled in shock momentarily, but quickly understood that his dreams of this beautiful angel had come true.

	She released her tight grip around his waist and put her hands behind his head. She pulled his lips harder on to hers as his hands slipped down to squeeze her firm ass. They stood there in the middle of the trapped elevator, kissing passionately until Sam needed more. She let go of Paul’s head and, without breaking their intense kiss, pushed him against the back wall. Her hands were moving slow and hard over his body. She felt his chest and his arms, and then moved down to his flat stomach. She pulled at his shirt free from his pants and began to loosen his belt. With his belt gone, Sam opened the front of his pants and slid her hand inside to grab his cock through his boxers. She griped hard and Paul’s eyes opened widely and found hers staring back at him. Sam broke the kiss off and continued to undress him. She quickly removed her own clothes before stepping in again to feel the heat of Paul’s naked body pressed against her own. Standing there naked, they held each other close and ran their hands over the others body.

“I need your cock”, Sam whispered into his ear and slithered down his body until she was kneeling on the floor.

She took the base of his shaft in one had and put her lips to the head. She parted her lips slightly and licked over the tip. The hand around his shaft tightened as Sam opened her mouth and guided his cock into her. She closed her lips tightly around him and began to move her head back and forth. She would take him all the way into her throat then slowly pull back out to the head.

Sam moved her free hand down her body until she found her aroused clit. She rubbed herself fast as she greedily sucked away at Paul’s cock. She felt her orgasm closing in and was moaning softly into Paul. When she had reached her climax her mouth released its hold on Paul and her held tilted back to let loose a yell. She continued to stroke his cock as she tried to recover from her orgasm.

When she stood up and opened her eyes, she could see from Paul’s face that he was eager for his turn. She walked to the side of the elevator and placed her hands on the wall. Bending over slightly, she lifted her ass in the air and glanced to Paul to beckon him over. He walked up behind Sam and grabbed a hold of her hips. His pushed his pelvis towards her and guided his cock into her hot and waiting cunt. 

He slid slowly in until he could push no further and then pulled back. He held onto Sam’s hips and began to pump his cock into her. He pushed faster at her and the pleasure could be heard from their mutual groans. Harder he plunged into Sam’s wanting cunt until he could feel his own orgasm approaching. He reached up and grabbed a fistful of her flowing blonde hair and pulled back hard as he unloaded his cum deep inside of her.

When his orgasm had subsided, he let go of her hair and pulled out of Samantha’s dripping pussy. Sam turned around and dropped to her knees in front of Paul. Grabbing his cock to clean it, she looked up into his eyes.

“How about a raise?” she asked as her mouth engulfed his softening member.

Paul closed his eyes and smiled.