 The entire morning had been a mental and physical blur. An afternoon and evening of unbridled erotica and sex with a gung-ho twenty-year old was more than my forty-year old mind and body could comprehend. (See New Neighbors-8/14/02) I guess that the encounter with Stephanie actually caused less consternation than having her mother, Beth, approve. And to basically have Beth tell me it was her turn next. I have read stories of such open-minded and sexually aggressive women but never expected to cross paths with one, much less two, and certainly not mother and daughter. There was even a degree of embarrassment knowing that I would soon be face-to-face with Beth. She knew I slept with her daughter. But, she also knew the entire episode was instigated by Stephanie. Confusion is a very mild term for my mental state. But, let me make one statement. I am not so stupid that I would allow my fears or nervousness to stop whatever may happen between Beth and Stephanie in my immediate future. The well had been dry for far too long. And a flood of opportunity was a much welcome relief.

As I walked down the drive to the mailbox, Stephanie was backing into the street. Beth’s note had said that she had class today and would be gone from home. She looked over at me, smiled broadly, and waived as she sped down the street. At least she was still in a happy mood. I couldn’t help but run through the events of the last afternoon and evening. Just thinking about it started to make my cock stir in my jeans. I wasn’t sure what Beth had in store for me today. And honestly, how could Beth come close to making me feel like her daughter had so few hours earlier? Could the anticipation of Beth live up to the reality of Stephanie?

I tried to relax the morning away but that turned into impossibility. I had no idea when Beth would make an appearance. I couldn’t concentrate on reading. I didn’t care about television. As I prepared a cup of cappuccino the doorbell rang. I hoped that my face would not give my shakiness away. When I opened the door the most wonderful smile met my eyes. Beth was wearing tight red shorts with a matching top. She looked as if the local exercise class had just ended. Her hair was tied in a loose ponytail with long ringlets taking the place of sideburns. How different she was from Stephanie. Without saying a word she walked into the house and put down her bag. She looked directly into my eyes and said, “I think we need to talk.” Strangely, my case of nerves had disappeared. Somehow her demeanor enabled me to relax. Maybe it was her body language that made me forget any other problems. After all, why should I be on the defensive when she essentially gave permission for me to fuck her daughter?

We went into the kitchen and I finished the cappuccino, for two. After serving Beth her drink, I sat next to her at the table. She told me that there were some things about her and Stephanie that I needed to know before judgment was passed concerning her behavior as a mother. She told me that Stephanie was not her child. Her husband’s brother and sister-in-law had been killed in a freak automobile accident. Stephanie was only two years old at the time and was saved by being securely fastened inside a car seat. Beth’s husband was Stephanie’s only living relative so he adopted her shortly after settling the estate. He and Steph had been “father and daughter” in everyone’s mind for the next ten years. Beth told me that her marriage to Jeff gave her the girl she had never had. They seemed to be the perfect family in everyone’s eyes. But unfortunately the happiness was destined to end. Eighteen months after their marriage, Jeff passed away suddenly from a massive stroke. The loss had devastated Beth and Stephanie. It had taken them months to begin a recovery. During that time they both became closer than ever. The mother/daughter feeling for each other transitioned to one of sister/sister. It had been almost seven years since Jeff’s death and they had become almost inseparable. Beth had legally adopted Stephanie so she would be able to have insurance and other benefits but the motherly control was not that firm. 

As Stephanie had matured, Beth discovered that she was an unbelievably wonderful companion. They were able to live together in almost perfect harmony. When Steph had started dating there was no doubt that she could handle any situation. Their frank discussions allowed Beth to see the budding sexuality that bubbled in Steph. Beth knew that it would be impossible to bridle her entirely so she decided to teach caution and care. Stephanie had told her the night she lost her virginity. They talked into the night about her loss and gain. So, for the last two years, the dialogue had been completely open. They talked of sexual likes and dislikes, the type of men that each was attracted to, how to please the men in their lives. Not that there were that many different men. Each was too particular for just anyone to bed them. That statement made me feel special. I was overjoyed to be in such a select group. Beth also told me that I was the only man both had found desirable. They had already discussed how to deal with such a novel problem.

I was amazed that Stephanie and Beth had talked about last night. Even though this developing situation was unlike anything I had ever experienced there was still this nagging uneasiness. For someone who had never even dated two women at the same time, this was like finding the lamp on the beach, with a genie willing to grant wishes. I asked Beth what was said. I think I wanted to know. Beth smiled and told me that it was all “girl stuff”. The only comment she was willing to make concerned a very active tongue. She hoped to corroborate Stephanie’s testimony. She may not be Steph’s true mother but the teasing was definitely from the same mold. Beth stood up and asked, “Are we going to use the pool or not?” Who was I to argue with this focused and gorgeous woman? 

I told her where to change but she quickly replied that there was no need. She wasn’t planning on wearing anything at all. I shouldn’t have been surprised, but I know that she could see the dumbfounded look on my face. My experiences did not begin to prepare my mind for the onslaught of these two women. But, I was surly eager to learn. She walked toward the door to the pool, stripping as she went. She looked over her shoulder and said “Don’t bother to change, it will just be a waste of time”. As she passed through the door, her top pulled over her head and the shorts slid down her legs. I was treated to the most wonderful view of her ass as she escaped outside and walked to the pool. I was already trying to get out of my clothes as she splashed noisily into the water.

She treaded water, watching me as I approached the pool. Seeing her shape, hidden partially by the water, was titillating. I knew that my cock was reaching for the heavens. I was so aroused that I fully expected it to poke my navel. Beth had a leering grin on her face as I stopped on the edge of the pool. She said, “You may not be a rocket scientist but that sure does look like a missile to me”. I couldn’t help but laugh. I told her that ignition had occurred but hopefully blast-off would be delayed for at least a little while. Beth swam toward the edge of the pool and told me, “I will have to talk with Steph. She obviously didn’t wear you out last night”. She reached up from the water and grabbed my ankles. I was barely able to take a deep breath before tumbling headfirst into the pool. I broke the surface and looked for Beth. But she found me first. Her mouth engulfed my erection while I floated at the top. I was praying that her air would run out before my orgasm began. I didn’t want to finish before starting. Fortunately she pulled away from my cock and swam to the edge of the pool. Had it been one fraction of a second longer there would have been extra material for the filters to take care of. 

While Beth was a tease, it was entirely different from the tactics used by Stephanie. I guess that the difference in age and experience made Beth more aggressive when a task was at hand. I remembered how I took charge from Steph last night. I wondered if that would be possible in dealing with Beth and her head on approach. It really did not matter to me. I was quite willing to slip and slide with the prevailing mood. As I swam toward Beth, she raised herself onto the edge of the pool. What a goddess sitting there in the sun, light sparkling off the droplets that covered her body. As I neared the side, her legs slowly parted and I got my first real look at her pleasure center. She was shaved in the same manner as Stephanie but the blonde hair was very sparse. She was not nearly as bushy above the lips. I had the impression that even without shaving the view would have been mostly unobstructed. Her labia were very swollen and parted. I could see her inner lips protruding like large petals of an intensely pink rose. The hood of her clit was strikingly prominent. And the clit itself ended before being buried in the lower folds. Her clit was already swollen beyond its sheath, almost like a little cock.

When I reached her knees she looked down and said, “It’s about time you got here. I need some tongue work right now”. There was no possibility of argument. She gently grasped my hair and pulled me between her thighs. Being the trooper I am, I dove in with determination and gusto. She wanted an orgasm right then. I drove my tongue deep into her pussy, swirling as it went. I wanted to taste as much of her as I could reach. As my tongue slid in, I could see her head tilt back. I couldn’t help comparing her to Stephanie. Beth made short, grunting sounds every time my tongue hit a new spot. Her breasts were awesome. Not that they were big, but they were certainly not tiny like Steph’s. Her nipples were amazing. The entire aureole swelled with a stiffened, thick nipple at each tip. They looked like scoops of ice cream with a dollop of whipped cream and a cherry on top. Her wet blonde hair perfectly framed each breast. The sun highlighted the fine hairs on her breasts and stomach. 

She pushed her head forward, seemingly with great effort. Her eyes bore down on me. She had a look of purpose on her face. She told me, “Suck my clit. Hard. Now.” Absolutely, no problem. There was no doubt that finesse was not what she wanted. I placed my lips over her clit and sucked hard enough to pull it off. Her teeth were clinched but her eyes never altered their gaze. She loved to watch! The grunts were becoming longer and louder. I could feel the muscles in her thighs quivering. Beads of sweat were popping out in place of the now dried water from the pool. Her breathing was becoming faster and more labored. Her eyes were wide enough to pop. She stared at my lips as they pulled her clit from its protective covering. She groaned, “Harder!” I was afraid that her clit would come right off her body. She wrapped her legs around my back and ground my face into her pelvis. Without warning she threw her body backwards onto the concrete. Her orgasm hit like a cannon-shot. Her entire body was shaking. Her hands were wrapped around the edge of the pool. I had a feeling that I was going to be pulled into her spasming pussy. I never took my lips off her clit. She seemed to dive from one orgasm to another. I wondered just how many could she have before ending. The sight before me was captivating. It was her decision when to quit. Slowly she began to breath more normally. Her legs unlocked my body. My pressure on her clit was barely a touch by now. She rose up onto her elbows and looked into my eyes. Her right hand came up and slowly pulled her nipple. It was if she couldn’t stop so suddenly. She smiled weakly and said, “We are going to have so much fun today”. A more true statement had ever been uttered.

Beth slid into the pool and immersed herself completely. She broke the surface and used her hands to wipe the water from her face. Her body was incredible. She still had a flush to the skin of her neck and chest. The coolness of the air on her wet breasts had caused the nipples to further extend. She moved over to me, never taking her eyes away from mine. As she wrapped her arms around my waist she said, “I have never come so hard in my life. And we are just getting started.” She told me that knowing I had fucked Steph last night made her feel like a bomb, just waiting to explode. She told me, “I have never entertained the thought of seeing how many orgasms I could have in one day, but now may be the time.” But first”, she whispered, “It is my turn to see how much I can please you”. She asked me to take her position on the edge of the pool. I lifted up and dangled my legs into the water while leaning back on my arms. Beth moved between my knees and grasped my cock in her hands.

Her eyes bore into me while she manipulated my erection. It is amazing how erotic it can be to have a beautiful woman look at your face while she pleasures you. It gives a complete mental and physical stimulation. Her hands moved slowly and firmly over my shaft. Her mouth slowly sucked only the head as her tongue played with the sensitive spot just underneath. My cock was saturated with pre-cum and saliva. The fluids were running over my balls and surely dripping into the water below.  One hand dropped to gently fondle my balls. She would roll them softly in her hand, and then lightly scrape her nails over the surface. The combination of textures and pressures were electric. I felt one of her fingers slowly stray over my asshole. And while that had happened with no other woman, I had to admit that it felt good. Stephanie had surely enjoyed a digital anal prodding last night. Beth’s pressure on my anus steadily increased, spreading the lubrication over the entire area. Suddenly I felt her finger enter my ass. It was amazing to realize how good this felt. She would slide her finger completely in, then rotate it, and slide back to the entrance. Over and over, never releasing the pressure on my cock or balls. I was straining to hold back my orgasm. It felt too good to come that soon. My face was contorted as Beth worked her talents. She removed her mouth from my cock, causing me to groan. She smiled and asked, “How do you like my finger in your ass?” All I could mutter was a weak, “Great.” She stared into my eyes and said, “ I have been planning that since Steph told me how you fingered her ass last night”. The mental image flooded into my mind. 

Every nerve ending in my body started to fire at once. My balls immediately tightened and drew inward. I could not stop the pulsing as my ass clinched around her finger. Just as I began the final cascade to coming, Beth plunged her mouth onto my cock. She literally swallowed my dick. All I could see was her lips and no visible shaft. I could feel her entire mouth suck my cock like she was sipping through a soda straw. It felt like a geyser as my cum rushed from my balls to my cock. Beth’s eyes widened as the thick liquid erupted from the tip. She swallowed greedily, several times. I was amazed that not a single drop had escaped her lips. She continued to slowly milk my shaft until all the contractions had stopped. She then deliberately raised her head from my soaked shaft, letting my dick emerge with a loud pop. Her finger backed out of my ass just as slowly. She smiled and ran her tongue over her lips, saying, “I knew that brunch would be a tasty treat”.

She raised herself onto the pool edge and kissed me deeply. I could taste my cum on her lips. And I am sure she could still taste herself on mine. She pulled me into the pool where we stood, arms entwined, for several minutes. She told me that we were far from through but a nice nap would be wonderful and refreshing. We stepped from the pool and walked into the changing room. She saw the shower stall and pulled me in after her. She said, “No, not yet, just relax”. She turned the water as hot as we could stand and started to soap my body. She was gentile yet firm. There were no overtly sexual movements, but the sensuality was inescapable. After washing my body she handed me the soap and sponge to return the favor. I used this as an opportunity to fully explore her awesome body. This was not a time to hurry. I could feel some stirrings in my cock but this was different. There was no desire to rush into another sexual episode. After I finished, we rinsed our bodies, dried off, and walked to the house. I led her to my bedroom, turned back the comforter, and gently placed her into the bed. I climbed in next to her, pulling the cover over us as she pressed herself next to my body. No words were necessary. We held each other and drifted into sleep.

I am not sure how long we slept but the positions had not changed. Beth was still clinging to me. I gently pulled myself away and stood from the bed. She was such a vision lying there. Such an amazing contrast to Stephanie but equally sensuous. How could any man be so lucky? There continued to be some inward drama building over this new situation in my life. How did I go from not dating yesterday morning to sleeping with two gorgeous women in less than twenty-four hours? And while the novelty was refreshing, how could I continue to see them both? How would I decide? Would they decide for me? Was this a temporary situation that could end soon? I decided to just let fate take its course. If I saw them both how wonderful that would be. If only one, equally wonderful. If this was destined to be a short adventure, how could there be any valid complaints? While standing at bedside, battling my over-active brain, I became aware of Beth stirring under the covers. She sleepily opened her eyes and smiled. 

She stretched her body and said, “Wow, I can still feel my body tingling. It would take no effort for me to come right now”. I sure couldn’t anticipate what either of these wonderful new women would say or do. I looked intently at her and said, “ Prove it”. Beth used her legs to push the cover from her body. She pulled an extra pillow under her head and slowly extended her legs, keeping a slight bend at the knees. She looked wickedly at me. “Just stand and watch”, she said. Her right hand wafted across her stomach until it nestled between her upper thighs. Her fingers traced the outer surface of her pussy. There was no movement to penetrate the outer folds, just slow meanderings along the outer lips. After several minutes of this deliberate pace Beth reached with her other hand and pinched her clit between two fingers. Her hips jumped at the contact. She maintained eye contact with me. She had to know how that intent look affected my mind and body. I could feel my cock swell and lift. Beth continued to grasp her clit as a finger from her other hand slowly entered her wet opening. She never rubbed her clit. It was a constant alternation of sliding a finger in and pinching the swollen hood. Her breasts rose more quickly now but the speed of her fingers never wavered. She opened her mouth with a small gasp and crashed into another orgasm. Beth removed her finger from her tunnel and raised it to her mouth. Her tongue flicked the moisture away and looked back to me. She commented, “There is nothing that tastes better than a freshly cummed pussy”. All I could do is stand there with a tremendous erection, smile, and shake my head in amazement.

Beth turned over on her stomach, raised her ass in the air and looked over her shoulder. “That was too gentle”, she said. “I need it hard and fast”. I almost jumped onto the bed. I moved into position behind her ass and quickly pushed my cock into her inflamed pussy. She pushed her body backward to meet mine. I grabbed her hips and thrust as hard and deep as possible. She moved her hand between our bodies and switched from fondling my cock and balls, and rubbing her clit. It was so intense, slapping into her, and feeling her knowing fingers slide over my shaft as it pounded into her. I was pulling her hips back and forth with vengeance. As I watched that incredible ass push and pull there was sudden awareness of her puckered opening staring up at me. I took my finger and wet it in my mouth. Without warning, I plunged my finger into her butt. Beth bucked like wild horse at a rodeo. I wasn’t sure if I would be capable of holding her in place. She fucked my finger and cock like a possessed demon. I could feel her orgasm start to build. She would fall forward until my cock was almost out of her pussy, then, drive back at full-speed. I thought it was my turn to fuck her but once again she was in control. Without looking back she screamed, “Slap my ass”. Instantly my free palm left her hip and made hard contact with her cheek. “Again”, she commanded. Once more my hand left a reddening imprint on her ass. She lurched backward and blasted into another orgasm. I felt like a spectator, happy to be involved in the festivities. 
