 Summer arrived with a full heatwave. Lucky for us, we had just put the finishing touches on setting up our new swimming pool. It was a lot of work, but well worth it considering how hot it was. My family and I spent my week off from work out in the pool and enjoyed every minute of it. When the weekend arrived before I had to go back to work, my wife took off to grandma's house for an overnight visit with the kids. I wasn't going to complain, a little time to my self, a little relaxing, a few beers sounded like a perfect night to me. At about 10pm, bored and with nothing else to do, I decided to take a dip out in the pool. I thought now was as good a time as any to do a little skinny dipping, the neighborhood was quiet, no one seemed to be around. 

After about 20 minutes swimming around in the pool, an unexpected visitor came by. Home from college for the summer and just back from a date, my neighbor's daughter came walking over because she heard someone in the pool. Apparently she had misplaced her key and came to see if she could get the spare we held for them. This girl was an absolute knockout, big breasts, long legs, pretty face, you name it, she had it. I would always be extremely nervous around her since she was so beautiful and I would have to force myself to not ogle her every chance I get, maybe a peek down her shirt or up her skirt while she was sitting. As she came up to the pool, it was dark, but she came up right where my bathing suit was hanging over the edge and realized that I had nothing on. At first, we were both a little embarrassed and if you could see in the dark, a bit of blushing was happening on both sides, but she started to chat anyway and told me about forgetting her key. 

Instead of putting on my suit and going to get her the spare, we ended up getting into a conversation about how school was for her, how her boyfriend was, her brother and so on and so forth. I think she was attempting to keep me there to maybe catch a glimpse at what a grown man was packing under the waterline. Seeing this, I suggested she come in for a quick dip before heading in for the night. I could tell she was going over what to do in her head as it took her a moment to respond. 

She said she would but didn't have a suit and didn't want to wake up her parents. I let her know that I would let her borrow my wife's, but she took them with her on the overnight trip to her mom's house and that it was her only one. 

I told her to live a little, we're all friends here, known each other for years, just do as I did. 

I was extremely surprised when she decided that was fun idea. I couldn't believe my luck, how could a married middle-aged guy like me end up skinny dipping with a 19 year old who looks like she could win a hot body contest. First, she stepped out of her flip flops, then pulled her jean skirt down exposing a little pair of thong panties. Next, she untied the back of the halter top and then pulled it over her head. Wow! No bra under that, her size D perfect breasts popped free and I had an instant erection. Finally she pulled down her panties to reveal a carefully trimmed pussy, shaved down by the lips for a perfect display of her clitoris and entrance. 

In a flash she was up the ladder and in the pool with a splash. I'd be a dead man if anyone caught me in the pool with her like this. She suggested we play a little Marco Polo. Haven't done that since I was a kid, but it sounded like fun. I was trying find her first, keeping my eyes closed and following her sound and then making a plunge and ended up brushing my hands over her nipples while trying to tag her. When I opened my eyes, she had a little smirk on her face and she said it was her turn. So off she went and then dove under water about six feet from me and the next thing I know, she has a hold of my erect penis. As she came up to stand, she never let go and instead starting to teasingly rub my engorged cock and came up close to me and then our lips met, followed by our tongues. I pulled her hard against me, her breasts being pressed and flattened against my chest, her pelvic area against my cock, my hands roaming down her backside, gently squeezing and rubbing her very fit and perfect ass. Soon my lips were her around one of her hard nipples and then the other, sucking away like a baby. She started to moan, so I picked her up a little, centered her opening above my penis and let her drop home. She let out a huge gasp and closed her eyes. I put her up against the wall for a little leverage and started pick up the pace, really fucking her with great vigor. She soon came and came and came and finally I let go of my own, deep inside her and filled her up with my cream. She held on to me and let me go soft inside her and finally slipped off. She told me it was incredible and that we would have to get together again for more. She said her boyfriend's penis doesn't fill her up like mine does so his will just not do anymore, she needs mine. I reminded her that my wife and kids were out of town for the night and most of the next day. I said to text her parents to say that you decided to stay over a girlfriend's house for the night. She agreed that this would be a good idea, so after her quick text, I took her up to bed and made love to her three more times that night before passing out with exhaustion. 

When I woke up the next morning, I laid there in bed and stared at her perfect and toned body, taking in her curves, her face, her breasts and pink pussy still stretched and sloppy from the night of sex. I decided to give her a proper wake-up call and slid down between her legs and started to lick her opening and suck on her clitoris. She slowly awoke from her slumber looking beautiful as ever and suggested that we sixty nine. I laid on my back and she got up over me on her hands and knees and turned so her butt and pussy were in my face. Slowly her mouth descended over my penis taking it all in, she was definitely very skilled and experienced at giving blow jobs. I sunk my face into her pussy, licking and sucking and we both climaxed at the same time, her juices dripping down my chin in a great flood and while she slurped and swallowed what I gave her. It is amazing how such a nice follow the rules girl turned out to be such a whore in bed, my wife would never swallow my cum let alone allow me to cum in her mouth. We made love three more times that morning, the last time taking nearly 45 minutes as my balls were absolutely dry, it was the least cum I ever produced having sex, there was just nothing left.

We decided that we should shower and get cleaned up, but upon entering the bathroom she spotted some KY on the counter, giving her an idea. 

She said, "if you're up for one more time, I've always wanted to try it in my other hole." 

This got me aroused again, I don't know how, but maybe since it was a once in a lifetime opportunity, I just had to see what it was about. Seeing my penile agreement, she popped the cap and coated my penis and then I took some and rubbed it in and around her anus, going in a little with my finger a couple times. I had her bend over the tub and I lined her anus up with my penis and started pushing. It was very hard at first, but soon I worked my way in with her alternating between pain and pleasure. I was soon able to pump in and out while she started playing with herself. She quickly came to an orgasm, shuddering and gasping unlike every other time she came throughout the night and morning. I filled her up with my cum and we headed to the shower to wash the powerful aroma of sex off of us. We kissed one last time and promised to do it again.