 This is the third part of the continuing story of Amanda and Jason's relationship. For an understanding of how they arrived at this point please read "A Weekend Seduction" and "Three-month Anniversary".

================

Dianne and I sat at either ends of the sofa, each sipping a large glass of chilled Chardonnay, talking and laughing over the events of the day. We'd just returned from a long, but fun, afternoon at the Galleria, one of Houston's upscale malls, where we'd each tried on numerous outfits in a search of that "just right" sexy, but classy, look. Ultimately our search had yielded lots of purchases for us both, including some very sexy lingerie that we hoped to put to good use with our partners soon.

My name's Amanda and I've known Dianne for nearly twelve years, more or less since I started teaching math at the high school where Dianne already worked, teaching English. I'm thirty-eight, with a mane of shoulder-length blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes and a tall, athletic figure which, I'm glad to say, is still able to turns heads on a regular basis. I've been divorced for nearly two years and, like most women, initially had zero interest in becoming involved with another guy. However, about six months ago, I hooked up with Jason, a twenty-six year old colleague, while attending a conference together in Austin. We've been dating ever since and, despite the twelve year age gap, I've found myself seriously falling for him, not least because of his talent and stamina in the bedroom. Each and every time Jason fucks me, and he does that often, I have multiple toe-curling orgasms before he feeds me his six inch cock and pounds me mercilessly until I cum one more time. 

Dianne's a very attractive forty-two year old with a tall, lithe figure and stylishly cut, short black hair that ensures she instantly catches the attention of any male that looks at her for more than a split second. She's married to Bob, a Pastor at one one of our local churches, and her two teenage kids attend the school at which we both teach. She is also Jason's boss, being the Head of English, the department in which Jason teaches his English and Politics classes. 

Jason and I have worked hard to keep our blossoming relationship secret from the staff and students at the school and Dianne was one of the few people that I'd let into the secret. Not only are she and I best friends that share almost everything that goes on in our lives but not so long ago we'd also been lovers. Our relationship started just as my marriage was falling apart and she and I were soon meeting on a regular basis to explore the delights of lesbian sex. We had only stopped sharing a bed eight months later when Bob, Dianne's husband, started to remark on just how much time she and I were spending together.

It wasn't much of a surprise then that Dianne started to question me about Jason and our relationship.

"So how are you and Jason these days? Still fucking like rabbits at every opportunity?"

"Oh my God, Dianne! The man is positively insatiable! Although I'm not complaining!" I answered with a laugh. "Thursday night, he had me three times before he was ready to call it a night and go to sleep. I was so sure that everyone at school would notice the difficulty I was having walking yesterday." 

"I wish some of his energy would rub off on Bob. It seems like forever since I've had a good fucking from him," she said rather wistfully. "I've tried everything to entice him but nothing seems to be working. He always seems more interested in whatever project he's working on on his computer than in seeing to my needs."

"I'm so sorry Dianne. I know just how difficult it is when you're locked in a relationship that doesn't provide regular sex."

I had experienced exactly this situation when my relationship with Steve, my ex-husband, was beginning to crumble. Somehow we had drifted apart and at one point hadn't had sex together for four months. I was making good use of my vibrator collection but it still wasn't the same as having a hard cock in my pussy on a regular basis. The lack of regular sex from Steve was one of the things that made it so easy for Dianne and I to sleep together at the time.

Dianne looked at me lasciviously. "I don't suppose you'd be willing to share Jason? Can you imagine the three of us together in one bed! It would be so erotic!"

I was astonished at her suggestion. "Are you seriously suggesting that we have a threesome?"

"Why not?" she replied nonchalantly. "You know that it is every guy's fantasy to fuck two women at once. And you and I are always hot when we are together! It would be amazing!"

Laughing a little, I said "I do have to admit that the thought of it is rather hot! And I have been wondering over the past few weeks how I might reveal my bi side to Jason. I feel like we have reached a stage in our relationship where I have to let him know about that side of me."

"So just ask him, Amanda! How would he feel about an opportunity to fuck us both together? I really doubt that he will say no!"

"Well I know that he finds you hot. Every now and then he'll mention how good you looked at school that day! I've teased him about it and he's admitted that if he wasn't seeing me you'd be next on his list. Let me think about it for a bit."

I spent the next few days thinking about how I might raise the idea of a threesome with Jason. Eventually I decided that the best time to bring it up would be when we were snuggling in bed together, enjoying the warmth that great sex delivers. So I'd cook him a nice meal, allow him to fuck my brains out and then pose the idea of the threesome to him.

I texted Dianne with my plan and almost immediately received an enthusiastic response from her.

"Oh my God, I'm so excited Amanda! I can't wait to hear how he responds! Oh, and I also want to hear what you guys did before having the conversation! Call me Sunday as soon as you can!"

Saturday night arrived quickly and after enjoying a delicious plate of seared scallops, Jason and I were sitting at the table finishing dessert. I had made lemon cheesecake and I could see by the way that he was devouring it that he had no complaints.

"This cheesecake is delicious, babe. You are just as talented in the kitchen as you are in the bedroom!"

I blushed. "Thank you, Jason. I love cooking for you. Not as much as I love being yours in the bedroom, but I do love it."

Jason laughed. "Your not only mine in the bedroom, Amanda. As I'm about to show you!"

Jason stood up and looked at me with desire. "You really do look incredibly gorgeous tonight. I've been hard ever since I got here!"

I smiled, seeing the large bulge that was tenting his pants. "Why don't you get out of those clothes," I said, in what I hope was my sexiest voice.

Jason needed no second bidding, and immediately began shedding his clothes. I watched intently as he pulled off his shirt and pants, leaving him standing in a pair of red cotton briefs. His body is muscled and fit and I never fail to be turned on when I see him naked and ready to fuck me. This evening was no exception and I stared hungrily at his cock which was straining to be released from his briefs.

"C'm here," I said as I dropped to my knees in front of him. 

Quickly, I hooked my thumbs in his briefs and pulled them down, allowing his large member to spring upwards towards the ceiling. I stared at it for a moment, watching it twitch and move as if it had a mind of its own. With one hand I cupped his balls and with the other I grasped the base of his cock and slowly ran my tongue around its tip. Jason gasped as my tongue swirled over the large purple head. 

"Fuck, Amanda. I love when you do that to me."

I looked up at him, smiling, as I slowly pumped his shaft for a few seconds. Then, wasting no time, I fed the head of his cock between my lips and slowly took the whole of him into my mouth. I could feel the head of his cock at the back of my throat when my lips arrived at the base of his shaft and I held him there for a few seconds, eliciting a low groan of pleasure from him. He moaned again as I slid him out of my mouth, applying just the right amount of friction with my lips. Still holding his rock hard cock I began moving my lips up and down his rod at a fast pace, rhythmically working his shaft and head with both my mouth and hand. 

A few minutes later his breathing became deeper and more ragged indicating that it was time for me to slow the pace a little. I backed off, caressing his balls gently with my fingertips while drawing my tongue along the length of his shaft until I reached his heavy balls. I focused on those for a few moments, licking and sucking at them while I stroked his shaft with my hand.

"Amanda...fuck" he moaned softly.

Returning his shaft to my mouth, I began to bob up and down on him, using short, fast strokes interspersed with moments of taking him deep into my mouth. His moans became louder and his hands were in my hair, urging my head to take him deeper each time my lips slid over and down his solid shaft. 

"Oh fuck, that feels so good baby," Jason gasped as he began to fuck my mouth with his cock. 

His strong hands held my head in place as he began to thrust himself between my lips and deep into my mouth. There was nothing I could do but keep my lips tight around him and hold on to his thighs as he worked his member in and out of my mouth. Even when I gagged, he didn't let up, continuing to fuck my face with a passionate energy.

"Oh fuck...fuck, I'm cumming," he roared as I felt the first jets of cum against the back of my throat. "Amanda, oh my god...," he continued, grunting, and emptying himself into my mouth. 

I held my mouth in place, swallowing each string of warm cum as it shot into my mouth. He tasted salty and delicious - I've always loved a man cumming in my mouth ever since I gave my first blowjob at age 16 and Jason was no exception. Slowly he withdrew himself from my mouth and I lovingly licked the head of his cock to clean him up.

"My God, Amanda! Where did you learn how to suck cock like that!"

I looked up at him, smiling. "Apparently, it just comes naturally, Jason. Now let's go to bed - I really need to be fucked right now."

Once in the bedroom we kissed and stroked each other while laying on the bed. It didn't take long for Jason to recover and I was soon stroking a very hard cock again while he tugged and pulled at my nipples.

"I want to fuck you from behind." Jason groaned as I continued to pleasure him with my hand."

I quickly scrambled into position and waited for his cock. He stood up, pulling my knees back to the edge of the bed and rubbing the head of his cock up and down my slick pussy before grasping my hips and thrusting himself deep inside me. I moaned softly as he began to fuck me slowly and deliberately, each stroke of his cock going deep, and lighting my body on fire. I knew from past experience that he would take his time, matching the speed of his strokes with my growing excitement and pleasure. 

"Oh God Jason...feels so good! Fuck me, fuck me!" I panted, as he continued to pound me. 

As his thrusts became harder and deeper he leaned forward and collected my hair, pulling my head back and ensuring that he had total control of my body. Almost simultaneously his large hand landed on my ass with a loud crack.

"That's how you like it, isn't it Amanda?" 

"Ungh, Ungh, Ungh...oh my God, yes!!" I moaned.

Jason's breathing was deep and he grunted hard each time he plunged his cock inside me. My hands grasped at the sheets as he fucked me and I knew that neither of was going to last much longer. 

I howled as the orgasm hit me.

"Oh fuck, fuck...yesssssssssssssss!!" I screamed, waves of pleasure rolling through my body.

My pussy clamped hard on Jason's shaft, tipping him over the edge also.

"Fuck, I'm cumming too, Amanda!" He groaned, as his cum began spurting into my pussy. He grunted again and again as his balls emptied him into me. 

Collapsing over my back and panting breathlessly, Jason held me in place, his cock still buried inside me. Eventually, he withdrew his now softening cock from my pussy and lay back on the bed. I snuggled myself against him, head on his chest and one leg thrown over his. We were at peace, basking in the warm afterglow of fantastic sex. My fingers idly stroked his chest.

"That was amazing, babe. I love when you lose control and fuck me like that!"

"You looked so hot with your ass in the air! Waiting for me...I just couldn't hold back," was Jason's reply.

I smiled and snuggled deeper against him. It was now or never!

"Sweetheart...you know that I love you? I couldn't have imagined six months ago that I'd fall in love with you. You were meant to be a weekend fling to satiate my horniness!"

He smiled. "I know...but here we are and I love you too"

"Then there is something that you need to know about me."

Jason rolled onto his side to look at me, sensing that I had something serious to share with him.

"I...erm...what we just did... I love being yours...of you having me, fucking me. I hope that's obvious? The thing is though...erm...I also enjoy being with women." 

He looked at me with a sense of disbelief and astonishment. 

"Amanda...what...what are you telling me? Do you want us to break up so that you can be with a woman?"

"Jason...no, no, that's not it at all! I'm telling you because I love you and this is something that you need to know and understand about me."

He was quiet for a few minutes before hitting me with a barrage of questions. Slowly but surely, he coaxed out of me that I'd had a few relationships with women while at college and that my last relationship was two years ago just as my marriage was ending. I knew exactly what his next question was likely to be.

"Do I know her, Amanda? Where did you meet her?"

"I can't lie to you, Jason...It was with Dianne...Dianne Harrington. We've been friends for ages and, well...well it just happened!"

I could see shock register on Jason's face.

"You had a relationship with Dianne...that Diane?" he said, incredulity infusing his voice. "No...no...Dianne's married..."

"She and Bob were going through a rough patch. My relationship with Steve was breaking down. We both needed someone right then and it just seemed natural that each of us turned to the other."

Jason became quiet again, clearly attempting to process the idea that his girlfriend had once had a relationship with his boss. Before he could get too far contemplating this fact I threw out another idea that I knew would cause him even more consternation.

"Jason...I'm telling you this because I want you to think about you, Dianne and I all being together at once. I know...it sounds crazy...but I love you and...and there's a part of me that still loves Dianne. Just think about it...please?"

To be continued...