 If you read the first part, you are ready for this story. If you have not read the first, please do so... I am going to start in the middle so you will be lost. 

*****

After living next door for about 2 months, Connie and my wife Ellen became close. Connie's husband Al and I were occasional friends that hardly ever had a spare moment due to golf, travel and other weekend obligations. I was semi-retired but still consulted from time to time so my schedule was never the same. It also meant a lot of golf. 

Al traveled a lot for his marketing firm. He too played golf, but usually away. I felt that he preferred to be away and I also felt that Connie was okay with that arrangement. Al and I were okay with missing each other from time to time because we didn't have a lot in common. But the wives seemed to thrive off of each other. 

Ellen and I had enjoyed helping them get settled. Well, ELLEN enjoyed helping get Connie settled in. I still get very aroused thinking about the images and glimpses I caught of the two of them in the office the first time they had met each other. It was HOT to say the least. Ellen still kept this a closely guarded secret, which made me wonder what other "adventures" she and Connie were keeping to themselves. 

I wanted to tell Ellen that I knew about them but at the same time I wanted to let this "romance" blossom... so I was smart enough to keep my mouth shut and flexible enough to let her enjoy it. Before Connie, this was just a fantasy that I had dancing around in my mind. Ellen would have been mortified if I told her I knew. I also feared that would end it completely - and I did not want that at all. In addition to that loss of trust, I that would have led to me having to defend myself against my wife AND Connie. So I just let it be. 

I suspected MORE was taking place, but I just ignored things because I saw this as harmless experimentation on Ellen's part, and she was happy. I also saw it as a way for Connie to fill a void. The benefit for me? 

Well, I saw this as a way for some of my "forbidden fantasies" to come to life - even if I wasn't included at present. I kept telling myself she loves me enough to include me when the time is right for HER and for Connie. So there was something to gain for all of us, except for Al. I got the feeling that he was okay with not being included, not knowing and not getting. 

But what I didn't know was driving me crazy. 

The first time they met, it was animal magnetism. Connie looked familiar to me (the down town Hilton) but I could not be completely certain. 

A week or so after their "meeting" in the office, Connie invited Ellen over on a Saturday afternoon to help her unpack the kitchen. The ladies got a LOT done, but Ellen didn't get home until 11pm. Once she came home, she went straight to bed and slept until 10:00 the next day. Al was out of town (of course).

Connie invited us both over for supper the next evening. She was a horrible cook but had great taste in wine. Ellen and her seemed to have a lot of "inside jokes" and laughed a lot more than I did though the evening. They also sucked down 2 bottles of wine (I had one glass). 

"Just let this happen big guy" I kept telling myself. 

Connie was either laughing about something Ellen said, or a story she had told her throughout the evening. When she wasn't laughing, she was complaining about the things that Al hadn't done since they moved in. 

"That sonofabitch would rather play golf with the senior partner on a fucking Saturday than stay home and put up the blinds in the bedroom so we can fuck." Connie would complain. 

The garage was a total mess. There were boxes where the TV was supposed to be. There was luggage in the closet and along the wall in the bedroom. She still had to park her car in the driveway and the patio furniture that he had to have was still in boxes ON the patio.

"This guy is worthless..." I thought to myself. 

We made it though dinner and left for the night. Ellen and I stumbled back to our house. As I was unlocking the door, I got a text message, from Ellen. 

"Ellen forgot her phone - Con" 

Ellen apologized and told me she would be right back. She kissed me on the lips and rushed away. "I will be right back!!" she slurred as she stumbled away. 

I was a LITTLE upset... she was getting frisky under the table cloth at Connie's and rubbing my cock through my shorts. So I was worked up... 

I left the door unlocked and decided to get ready for bed. 

I brushed my teeth and stripped down for bed. I was about to turn the bedroom light on when I looked over at Connie's house. I could NOT believe my eyes. Her bedroom was in direct line with ours!! Connie had walked in and turned a lamp on. She was talking and laughing as she moved the pillows off of the bed. 

I left the light off and ducked into the shadows of the bedroom. I saw her cup her hands and look directly over at our bedroom. 

A fantastic idea struck me. I crawled out of the bedroom, rushed downstairs and turned on the TV in the living room. I opened the blinds slightly and raced back upstairs. 

Connie had taped a flat sheet from the bed over the window. I could see a second body behind the sheet - Ellen. 

I KNEW Ellen would be over there longer than it would take to just grab her phone. I didn't think they would go to this extreme. 

I could see faint shadows behind the sheet and I knew they were making out. I saw Ellen's face appear from behind the sheet. She cupped her hands and looked directly at the bedroom window. She saw the TV on in the living room and disappeared behind the sheet. 

I got a text. 

I jumped at my phone and tackled it, scooping it up and covering the light. 

"Going to stay a little longer... Connie is upset. Do you mind if I have a little girl talk with her?" 

I slipped into the bathroom and closed the door. 

"That's fine... gonna watch Sports Center and then go to bed." 

Her response - Love you... Don't wait up!!

My response - I LOVE YOU... should be crashing in a few...

I snuck back into the bedroom and sat on the floor between the bed and the window. The lamp was still on across the way. The far corner of the sheet was starting to peel away from the window and it made a small "dog eared" corner. I couldn't see any movement in the room. 

"I'm a grown man sitting on the floor of my own house watching a bed sheet that has been taped to a window." I said out loud. 

I laughed at myself and started to get up off the floor when EVERYTHING got really interesting...

The sheet peeled off the window a little and stopped. Then it slipped a little more. I got excited thinking that my imagination was about to be satisfied. Then the sheet fell completely to the floor!! 

HALIEUIA!! 

The vision before me was simply a magical site to behold. Connie was on her back on top of the bed completely naked. Ellen was laying on top of her. Ellen's face was buried in Connie's cleanly shaved pussy. Connie's tongue was working Ellen's clit and neither of the girls noticed that the sheet had fallen. 

I watched them like a dog watches a butcher shop window. Every so often Connie would stop licking and arch her back. Her body would tense up and her muscular legs would flex as an orgasm would rush through her body. "An orgasm MY WIFE gave her..." I thought to myself. 

Connie would explore Ellen's body with her hands. Her manicured nails and large diamond ring touched her all over. She was making love to my wife... not just bringing her to orgasm. It was such a natural act to watch these two pleasing each other in this way. Connie was multi-orgasmic. That much was evident. 

Ellen would rare her head back and push her hips into Connie's face when she had an orgasm. Connie would pull her hips into her face so she wouldn't miss a drop of her nectar. Ellen would squirt when her orgasm was powerful enough. Something told me that Connie enjoyed this very much. 

My cock ACHED at this scene before me. Their first time together in the office was special, but this was magical. 

The pervert in me wanted to record this, but for the same reasons I never said anything to either of them about the office I decided against recording it. 

This went on for at least 20 minutes. Then Ellen looked up and saw the sheet had fallen. I continued to watch. The two of them scrambled to put the sheet back up then BOTH women popped their heads around the sides. 

I jumped out of bed and raced down stairs. I turned the TV off and then raced back up stairs. FYI: Running stairs with a hard-on that can cut glass is NOT a good idea...

I jumped into bed and checked my phone. I looked over at Connie's room and it was dark. I had one message - "All done.. much better over here.. headed home. 

I replied - "Cant wait"

My hard-on and I waited for Ellen to get home. I heard the front door open and lock. I heard her come into the bedroom and she never said a word. She set her phone down and reached for my cock. When she found it as hard as it was, she started sucking me.  

She bobbed her head up and down and used her fist to stroke the shaft while she paused to swirl her tongue from time to time. She moved her head quickly with long strokes. 

ALL I could think about was the smell of Connie's pussy on her face and the amount of juices she still had dripping from between her legs. 

I shot my load into her mouth in less than two minutes. She gulped it all down and then licked the shaft clean. "MMMMMMMMMMM... That should hold ya for a while Baby." she said. 

She went to the bathroom and 10 minutes later came back to bed. 

"What about YOU?" I asked.

My wife rolled over and said, "Oh Honey... I'm too tired. Connie really took it out of me tonight. Her husband is a real asshole... Maybe tomorrow?" 

It's the last I remember saying to her before I dozed off.