 We had finally found a house after months of searching. Actually we had received a heads up about this house. My friend, Bill, lives just a couple of houses away. Bill and I are lovers. Sex partners, really.

Moving day finally came and went. A routine started to settle in, painting done, furniture moved. I was at home alone, as usual, late one night when there was a knock on the door. It was Bill, with a bottle of wine and a big smile.

The door was barely closed before I was in his arms, kissing him passionately. We went downstairs to the rec room. I had everything we needed down there. I found some glasses for the wine. We drank a toast to new neighbours. I kissed him deeply, exploring with my tongue, tasting the wine. We slowly undressed each other, exploring, kissing. Bill pulled back and looked around the room. He chuckled as he wrapped his arms around me, pulling me close for a thorough breath taking kiss. 

Once we were naked, I took his hand and led him out to the gazebo. We had a hot tub in there. We submersed ourselves into the water, relaxing for a moment. Soon we were kissing and caressing each other. I stroked Bills now hard cock as my tongue dipped into his mouth. I moved my fingers down lower. Bill loves to have his balls played with. I love to hear his moans as I touch nothing else but his balls.

I hold both in my hand. Then I just gently squeeze, rolling each one separately and then together. Squeezing and releasing. His fingers are tangled in my hair as he holds my face close, our mouths entwined. Gasping for breath, he tells me to sit up on the edge of the tub.

I quickly slide up to the edge, parting my legs. My breath comes out in a hiss as I give an involuntary jerk when his tongue makes a hard slide up the length of my pussy. I hold his head, pulling him closer. Perched on the edge, it's much safer to lean forward. It would be too easy to topple of backward as I lose myself in the pleasure I'm receiving.

It's dark outside, but there's enough light from the tub that I can watch Bill as he licks my pussy. He glances up at me with a smile, and he pushes forward to suck my clit into his mouth. I shudder and moan loudly, my hands clasped around his head for support. He drinks in the juice from my orgasm and then lightly licks my clit again. He loves those aftershocks that I can't suppress.

I slide down into the tub and kiss him deeply. I enjoy my taste on his tongue, his lips, his chin. "My turn," I say to him. "Up you go." He sits on the edge of the tub, his long legs offering him more stable support than I had. I lick my lips as I come up under him, licking his balls. I like this position. It's so easy to lick him. I lift his balls as I play with that little area right under them with my tongue. I lightly rake a fingernail across and enjoy the tremor that runs through him.

I smile up at him as I go back to licking his balls. I take each one into my mouth and lick it, move it around and gently suck on it. His quiet moans let me know he's enjoying. I get up on my knees and lick from his balls up the centre of his very hard cock. I repeat this several times. He pushes his cock down to enter my mouth. After some licking and sucking, I look up at him. "I want to taste you."

One of the things that Bill really loves is when I deepthroat him. I go slow and steady and work my way deeper and deeper. I think the anticipation is a turn on, he knows he's going to go deep, but we take a little while to get there.

I fondle his balls, as I stroke his cock and slide it in and out of my mouth, going deeply every few strokes. His breathing is much heavier now, and his moans of pleasure have increased. I love listening to him, it's a big turn on for me. He tells me that he's going to cum, he can't wait. I take him into my throat, I swallow around his cockhead. Then I back off and suck on his cock while I stroke him to orgasm. His hands wrapped around my head guide me to the depth that he wants.

It's a big load tonight, and I swallow every drop. Well almost every drop. He slides down into the tub and we share a mouthful that I've saved. We relax in the tub now as we lie back. Still touching, we chat for a while, caressing. 

After a while, I have his cock hard again from my stroking. "Let's go have some wine", I suggest. I have more plans for inside......