 She sat on the stool in the bio room, looking up at her Science professor. He was one of the younger teachers, and she a was one of the older students. She often wondered how close they were in age, and sometimes when she was alone in her dorm room at night, she would ignore the rules and play with herself with his voice going through her head. 

After a semester of taking his class, she was ready to go where few students had gone before. She waited until the next quiz day, and wore one of her more revealing outfits, she had a plan. She walked into the classroom wearing a short, ultra-plaid mini skirt, a white button down t-shirt, and knee high white leather boots. She had tied her long black hair back into braided pigtails, she decided the decent catholic girl look was sure enough to do it. She walked past him and made sure to "drop" her books. As she bent down to pick them up, she could almost feel his eyes on her ass, as her short skit rode up, when she stood slowly, it fell back down, but she could still feel his eyes on her. She made her way to her stool, her hips swinging lightly and seductively. She sat on the stool and spread her legs, hooking her ankles between the bars. It was warmer so she unbuttoned a few buttons of her shirt, when she knew he was watching. 

She looked at him with her big blue eyes, and he had his hands in his pockets, but that bulge wasn't too hard to spot. She half smiled and leaned over, crossing her arms before shifting her weight on them, they were resting on the table, she looked down at her books and caught a glance at her shirt, as she planned, she had enough cleavage to be a shooter girl. She looked back up at him and caught him staring at her breasts through her shirt. She smiled and licked her lips slowly, before glancing up at the clock. She had a lot of work to do in a short amount of time. When he came around passing out the quizzes, she waited until he was at the table behind hers and she bent over into the aisle to check her shoe laces. She did it quick enough to that he ran into her, her cheek resting against his cock, she felt it harden immediately and she straightened, smiling at him.

"I'm so sorry.. I didn't see you." She let her excitement show in her eyes before returned her glance at her table and he dropped the paper onto it.

"N-No talking.." She almost laughed at how quickly he succumbed to her advances. She waited until he was back up to his desk and she stood, walking slowly over to it. She laid the quiz down and looked at him. She had scribbled on it.. 'Meet me in dorm room 63 after class' That's all she had written on the quiz. He looked at the paper and nodded a bit. She smiled and returned to her stool. During the rest of the hour she squirmed and twisted in her chair, making sure he had seen every view of her body before the bell rang. She picked up her books and walked with the other students so they wouldn't suspect anything. She walked close enough to him that her thigh grazed his erection softly, before she disappeared in the hallway. When she got to her room, she straightened it up a little, and un-buttoned her shirt even more. After 5 minutes there was a soft knock on her door.

"Who is it?"

"Mr. Meyburg." She opened the door and moved out of his way so he could enter. As soon as she closed the door and locked it, she felt his hands on her. He kissed at her neck softly, his bulge resting in between her legs. His hands were up her skit and playing with her, she sighed loudly and turned to him, kneeling down. She undid her pants, and looked at his erect cock, signing front of her face. She licked the side of it and felt his body shiver, his hand found the back of her head. She took his head in her mouth and sucked gently, matching his throbs and sliding her tongue over it slowly. She heard him moan and she took more of him in her mouth, her tongue poking and sliding over it until she had all of him in her mouth. With her hand she grabbed onto his balls and massaged him while she bobbed her head back and forth, her mouth sucking on him until she felt him stiffen.

"I-I'm going to cum." He moaned loudly as she began sucking and bobbing faster and harder. She wanted to taste him, she squeezed his balls playfully and soon she felt his cock twitch and salty cum filled her mouth and slid down her throat, she swallowed and continued sucking until she knew she had it all out. She stood again and un-buttoned her shirt revealing her larger, breasts. She guided her hands to them and he squeezed them lightly. She smiled and licked her lips again. He bent his head down and started licking her right nipple. She ran her fingers through his hair and he sucked and bit at her nipple, while gently squeezing the other one. Electric currents passed through her body as her fantasies were coming true. He switched nipples and sucked and bit at the other one, while pinching and teasing her right nipple. She sighed and moaned softly. She lifted his head up and they kissed for the first time. More electricity passed through her as her began to finger her. She pulled his hand away and led him to the bed.

"I want to fuck you first." She pushed him onto his back and pulled his pants down more. She lifted her skirt and sat on him, grinding her wet pussy down on his hard cock. She lifted it up and sighed loudly as she sat down on it. "ahhh... ohh.." She lifted her hips slowly and brought them back down, then rested her hands on the bed on either sides of his shoulders, and she grabbed onto her ass as she fucked him slowly at first. Soon the feeing was unbearable and she fucked him faster and faster. She was moaning and she heard his grunts of pleasure. Soon she felt her climax reaching. She banged her hips down and started to cry out. "Ah.. OH GOD.. OH YES!!" She lost all control and fucked him as hard and as fast as she could. She felt him stiffen again and she knew they would cum together. 

"I'm going to cum again." His voice was low, and he grunted soon afterwards. She grinded and bounced on him, and soon they both lost it and their fluids flowed from their bodies and onto their clothes. She collapsed on his chest, breathing heavily. He rolled over on top of her and lifted her legs to his shoulders. He held her hands above her head and fucked her as hard and she had him. She screamed out again, and he banged her until she felt like she was going to explode. She sat up and screamed as she came and he came too. Their fluids mixed together and she felt them slide down her crack and soak into her sheets. "Oh god.. oh sweet mother of god.." They both panted and flayed still for a long time. After a bit he sat up, and pulled his pants back up. He walked over to the door.

"I have a class in 4 minutes." he explained. "I'll be back same time tomorrow. Keep this up and you'll pass with flying colors." She smiled as he closed the door behind him. She sat up and fell back down again. She had finally fucked her teacher, and who knows how many times they were going to do it again.