 The day was young or in this case 8 hours and 14 minutes old. Lydia stepped up to the window and drew back the curtains. The sun was shining and morning dew lay like a blanket on the grass. She made her bed and slowly made it out into the kitchen where she proceeded to make a cup of coffee to wake her senses up. Lydia was 19, and lived in the heart of England in a 2 bed roomed apartment her father owned. Recently, placing an ad in the local papers for a room mate, as she became lonely at times, and all her friends were still living at home. Today was a day where she got to meet the applicants and decide who she'd let share her humble abode with. 8:50, she made herself and the apartment look presentable for the first applicant who would be arriving at 9 o'clock. 9:01 and the pager on the wall beeped, she pressed the button and said in a normal voice "Hello." It was Jacob White, a 21-year-old applicant who currently lived in a flat. Lydia allowed him to come upstairs. 

Opening the door to a tall, well-built man with shocking green eyes and dark jelled hair. He held out his hand in will to shake hers, she shook his hand and invited him in. She proceeded to show him around the apartment, the bathroom, the kitchen, the living room, the spare bedroom and her room, she walked in and sat on the bed, he followed her into the room and began to gaze around. Lydia smiled at Jake and said "Lovely place this, very cosy and homely" Jake sat next to her on the bed he turned to face her and smiled. She smiled back at him thinking how much his smile made her melt inside. Something made her move forward and kiss him. She withdrew herself quickly and flushed red in embarrassment. Jake raised his hand and rested it gently onto her cheek, Lydia look at him again, his smile even more tempting this time, he leaned forward and kissed her, she was shocked but she kissed him back, it became more passionate as their tongues wrestled in their mouths. They lay back on the bed, and Jake pulled Lydia on top of himself, she immediately felt his erection grow on her thigh. Jake pulled away from the kiss and stared up at Lydia, her heart was pounding, and never before had she wanted any-one this much...

He began to un-button her blouse and she let him, her breasts strained on the material to her bra. He undid her bra and they popped out, Jake's hands were driven to them as he played with her nipples which were now hard in his hand. Lydia undid his shirt and rubbed her hands over Jake's chest. Jake hitched Lydia's skirt up revealing her black lacy panties, he slipped his finger inside them and rubbed his hand over her soaking wet pussy, she was shaven and it didn't take long to find her clit. He played with it using his fingers and fucked her with his hand, Lydia groaned and moaned with pleasure but before she reached her climax Jake stopped and pulled her close enough to reach her pussy with his mouth. He yanked down her panties and slowly kissed his way around her lips, and he started to tongue her pussy tasting her sweet juices, she started to moan even more and she gripped his head with her hands pulling him closer, allowing him more access to her cunt. Within seconds she came in his mouth, her body shuddered as the orgasm filled her body. She fell down next to him on the bed panting, she might have been out of breath, but she was still eager to lay him.

Lydia got completely naked and she undid the belt on Jake's trousers, followed by the button and the zip. She yanked them down to see a growing bulge in his boxers. Lydia got on top of him and kissed her way down his body towards his man-hood. She slowly pulled down his boxers and his dick shot up, she look at it for a minute and decided it was one of the biggest she'd had. Lydia licked the head with her tongue and ran it down Jake's shaft and gently sucked on his balls, he moaned as the head of his cock throbbed. She worked her way back up and licked the head again, by the way he moaned that time, she knew he wanted her to suck him. She did just that, using her mouth to fuck his cock, she moved her lips up and down him big, hard, shaft. Lydia used her hands to play with his balls as she sucked him and fucked him with her mouth. Jake started to breath heavier and he pushed her head onto his cock a he yelled "I'm Cumming...!" His load was fired into her mouth faster than a bullet from a gun... "Yesss... Ohhh yesss!" Lydia swallowed his hot, white sticky goodness and licked the excess off his semi-hard cock. He pulled her up and started to kiss her again. She felt his cock grow hard again immediately. Lydia fumbled in her draw and took out a condom, she handed it to him and he rolled it onto his cock. 

At this point they both wanted each other, and Lydia was eager to feel Jake's dick fill her and make her cum like she never has before. Jake lifted her up so she was balancing on the head of his dick, Jake quickly brought her down onto him when she least expected it, she let out a moan. Lydia began to ride Jake thudding down his shaft making them both moan with pleasure. She bounced up and down on top of him, and he played with her perfectly rounded tits using his hands. Lydia moaned with pleasure as she was close to her second orgasm of the day, one more thrust downwards and both came together, she still rode him as her body tensed and her pussy gripped Jake's penis as she climaxed, Jake pumped another load of cum into the condom and Lydia fell off him again lying on the bed in exhaustion.

"That...was...amazing..." She panted.

"Wow yeah..." Jake was panting to and he took off the condom and wrapped it in some tissue. 

"So, when...are...you...moving in?" Lydia turned and looked at him...

"I already have" Jake replied, laughing.