 If you have been reading the previous stories about my new personal assistant Marie, you'll know that she has turned out to be a great addition to the company. At this point, two months into her new position, she has helped me steal a great salesman, reorganized my office for an astonishingly amount of efficiency, built a program for my executives called VPA (very personal assistant) which increased corporate morale and effectiveness, and has taken my sex life way beyond my original plans for her.

*

After our weekend retreat where we fucked and sunned and generally had a relaxing time to 'get me in condition' for our ordeal with a difficult client, she told me what she had found out about Leveland and its owner. Turns out, there were two brothers that had inherited the company from their father. They had been quite successful in modernizing its production processes and were seeing a doubling of their volume every two years. Astonishing growth for a small minority owned company. Marie had found that they had a morale problem among the sales team because of the administrative support and that the two brothers, Luthar and Dan, were not happy with their inherited elderly administrative staff and their lack of effectiveness. She also found out that they really liked our quality and service but they were giving us a hard time hoping to be able to negotiate a better deal. I don't know where she got the information and I hesitated to ask. She said secretaries talk to each other.

Because it was a three-hour drive, Marie suggested we go up the night before. She told me about a clothing optional hotel she found on the internet that wasn't too far away. In as much as I was always looking for ways to make use of or show off Marie and our sex slave bargain, I agreed.

On the ride up, I had the top down on the Mustang and I played into Marie's latent exhibitionism and had her fully open her dress. She didn't hesitate as she completely unbuttoned the dress exposing her naked body and put her feet up on the dash opening her knees to promote the flow of air around her pussy. Her hair was blowing in the breeze and she had this big grin on her face. The truckers and SUV drivers all loved it giving her appreciative honks as they passed. She gleefully waved back. 

From time to time I would reach over and fondle her tits or stroke her pussy. She would always respond with a small moan and by squeezing my dick with the hand that always seemed to be in my lap. It made for a great trip, especially when we stopped for a bio break and gas. I had her walk to the bathrooms without her dress. I just loved watching her walk from behind. Her strut would make her ass sway back and forth as if to say 'if you can catch it - you can have it'. When she returned, I had her pump the gas in the nude. I thought the elderly attendant would have a heart attack but he just clapped when she was done in tribute to her show and waved goodbye.

We arrived about 6:00 PM "just in time for dinner" as the front desk clerk reminded us. It was a real trip to check in. The middle-aged desk clerk was totally nude and had a body that could only have been fashioned with a lot of hard work. I smiled appreciatively at her and she smiled back suggestively. We hurried upstairs and changed. I changed into just a pair of khaki shorts and sandals. Marie came out of the bathroom in a diaphanous blue robe, completely nude underneath and a collar with a leash. I had to smile at her ingenuity. She was really getting into her role and actually using some of her own initiative in trying to anticipate things that would please me. We walked to dinner with me holding her to leash.

We were placed at a table for six in the back corner. Within a few minutes two other couples joined us. Bob and Sharon, a middle aged couple dressed in bathrobes sat to my right. When she sat down, I got a glimpse of Sharon's huge tits as the robe parted. She smiled at me but did nothing to close up. Each time she reached for her water or a roll she flashed me a smile and I got a long look at her substantial chest. I said to Marie I wasn't sure why she even bothered to belt up the robe.

Paul and Sandra, a much younger couple, came to the table completely nude. She had a fabulous, and obviously plastic, body and he was hung like a horse. Flaccid he must have been 10 inches and two across. Marie leaned over and said she would hate to see that thing angry and we both laughed. Sharon just stared at his dick in awe and licked her lips. Paul made it his business to sit next to Marie and smiled lasciviously at her as he offered her his hand in greeting. I figured I would play along and whispered some instructions into Marie's ear. She smiled at me and nodded her compliance. 

I watched with interest as she snaked her hand under the table and, from Paul's reaction, grabbed hold of his cock. Her arm motion indicated she was stroking him to a full erection. Her breathing was getting a little raspy so I reached over and put my hand on her thigh. She obediently opened her legs giving me access to her pussy. When my hand touched her clit, she flinched a little and I noticed my hand was soaked. She was incredibly wet. Paul's smile told the rest of the story. When he finally came, he was really cool - throwing his head back and laughing loudly at one of Sharon's bad jokes to cover his orgasm. Marie bit down on her napkin when my fingers finally brought her off. Sharon had also been a busy girl stroking my dick to an erection, but never finished getting me off. She whispered during dinner that there could be a lot more - later.

We ended up having a delightful dinner and they urged us to meet at the after hours party at the third floor reception room to play some more. We pleaded off saying we had a long day the next day. Truth is, I wanted to finish off with Marie. I was so hot from our little table games that I needed to fuck Marie's wonderful ass - which I proceeded to do with some relish.

I awoke in the morning feeling incredibly powerful and Marie helped me stay that way with a loving blowjob in the shower as we got ready. There is nothing quite like showering with a woman, especially with a body like Marie's. After a leisurely breakfast downstairs during which we met many couples wearing only sandals, we headed off to Leveland's offices. 

Marie had chosen an off the shoulder silk dress with spaghetti straps that buttoned up the front and was ankle length. She had left the bottom three buttons undone so that she flashed her shapely tanned legs up to her mid-thigh as she walked. The dress clung to her like a second skin and there was no doubt about the body underneath and no doubt about her lack of a bra. As I looked her over outside the Leveland building, I was amazed at how confidently sensuous she was - amazed in the sense that I had always thought her pretty, but now, she was gorgeous - and she was mine. What occurred to me then was that she had become very willing - even anxious - for me to use her.

Luthar and Dan greeted us at the entrance and immediately their attention was to Marie. She deftly moved the conversation to me as she set up her laptop and portable printer for the presentation. I introduced her as my trusted personal assistant and that she was there to take notes, prepare any documents we might need as a result of the meeting, and whatever else was necessary. I outlined our strategy for a closer relationship to which they seemed agreeable. After each step, Marie would hand them a document for their review that outlined what we had agreed to.

"Sure is efficient way to do business" was Luther's comment. "Wish we could do things like this."

"Well let's talk about that. Leveland is an important client to us, and we would like to offer you our acquired expertise in organizing your administrative and sales staff as part of our relationship. As we see it, if our communication is smooth and your operation efficient in telling us what you need, it allows us to be more competitive in our processing costs and that translates to lower prices." I had set the big hook. "Marie and my HR director have come up with a recruitment and training program for our executive level administrators. Marie, would you briefly describe the program for Luthar and Dan?"

"Certainly, sir" she responded and turned to them. As she did, I noticed Luther and Dan follow the slight jiggle in her tits under the dress. Her sensitive nipples immediately stuck out. Her motion also made the lower part of her dress drop to either side of her crossed legs, exposing her thighs all the way to her hip. Marie did nothing to change her show. She was following my instructions to the letter. She went on with their complete attention. 

"We call them VPA's for "very personal assistants". They are recruited directly for a specific executive and they have the precise experience and training for the job. They are young, generally single, attractive, effective, efficient, knowledgeable, and willing to do whatever is necessary to get the job done, and I mean anything, including keeping their boss very organized and very satisfied regardless of the number of hours."

"Do you mean what I think you mean when you say 'willing'? How do we start a program like that?" Dan asked anxiously.

"Well, lets summarize where we are first and see if we agree." I proceeded to review the agreements we had reached, including a sole source agreement for five years. They agreed entirely and within a couple of minutes, Marie had a finished extended purchase agreement for their signature, which they quickly signed. They noticed and commented on the nice discounts without them even asking for them.

"Now that you have joined our family, perhaps I can show you the benefits of our program in a littler more depth. Marie, show these gentlemen how the VPA's dress for work."

"Certainly sir, as you wish." That got a pair of looks from Luthar to Dan and back.

She stood up in front of them and slowly and sensually unbuttoned the remainder of her dress letting it slip off her shoulder to the floor. The effect was almost immediate as these two middle aged and well-built black men grew enormous hardons.

"She is gorgeous. Can we get assistants like Marie? Will they really do what we say?" asked Luthar.

"How about I let you see for yourself. Marie, these two gentlemen have what appears to be two large problems. Do you think you could help them?"

"Yes sir, of course. As you wish." She walked over to them, helped them up and moved them next to each other by the couch. She undid each of their belts, unzipped their flies and allowed their pants to fall to the floor. In one motion each, she pulled down their briefs exposing two enormous cocks standing straight out at her.

"Oh my, what lovely large dicks!" she exclaimed. She took Dan's in one hand and Luthar's in the other and began stroking them their full length. They both fell back on the couch and Marie knelt down between them. Then each in his turn, she surrounded their cocks with her mouth, taking then deeper and deeper until she had them buried in her throat. She held them there as long as her breath would allow and brought them all the way out to take a breath. Then, back in with the other cock. Back and forth from stroking to throating until they were leaking and almost ready. Then she stood up and went to the desk, and bent herself over its edge, and rested on her elbows. She was presenting herself for a fucking. Dan, the younger, didn't need an invitation. He was the first off the couch. Without any preliminary, he buried his saliva lubricated cock into Marie's hot and wet pussy eliciting a load moan of pleasure from her and started pumping her his full length. Luthar stood and came up behind his brother.

Slapping Dan on the shoulder he said "tag team". Dan pulled out and Luthar took his place ramming his dick into Marie. He pumped her harder and faster. She was moaning and groaning about how good they felt.

"Come on you two, fuck me. Fuck me with those big dicks. I know you can. Come on" she dared them. They continued their 'tag teaming' of her for several minutes alternating their dicks in her pussy and her ass. I could see her legs starting to shake from her arousal. She was really getting into her "zone" and urging them to keep going harder and faster.

When Dan "tagged" Luthar last, instead of entering Marie he pulled her up and pulled her on top of him on the couch. With her back to him so he could grab and fondle her tits, Marie buried herself on his cock all the way to his pubic hair. Dan pulled out and shoved his wet dick into Marie's ass. She squealed with delight and before long she was bouncing up and down his full length grunting each time he bottomed out. Dan was in heaven. Luthar positioned himself in front of her. She looked up at him and smiled. "Yes please - you too" was all she said and he buried his dick in her pussy. She was filled with two large dicks and was moaning for them to 'keep fucking her'. Within moments Dan and Luthar had a rhythm going pistoning Marie's pussy and ass for all they were worth. I was really enjoying the view.

"Fuck my pussy, fuck my ass, come on fuck me, oh yeah, fuck me harder... harder deeper fuck me fuck me more more more more mmmoooooooorrrrrrrrrreeeeeee.... Fuck the shit out of me - fuck me fuck me fuck me stupid. Come on Uuuuuuugggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.." and she started her first climax. 

Luthar and Dan pumped her harder and faster until they were gasping for breath. Marie had another climax and then another and Luther came in her pussy. Dan was right behind him unloading in her ass. Marie screamed her orgasm as a result of their filling her with cum but urged them not to stop fucking her. They kept going until they unloaded even larger streams of cum in her ass and her pussy. She must have had three more orgasms. She was shaking and jumping up and down on the two dicks hard in her. They, on the other hand, were wasted. They reluctantly pulled out as their dicks ultimately went limp. Their cum and hers drained out of her pussy and ass leaking onto the floor.

"Marie, aren't you forgetting something?" I asked.

She turned around got down on her knees and licked each of the dicks clean all the while rubbing her clit. Amazingly, she had another small orgasm.

Marie, stood up on very shaky legs. "Thank you gentlemen, I hope that pleased you as much as it did me. Thank you for your confidence in our company." She turned to me and smiled a thank you and left for the rest room. What class.

As Luthar and Dan got dressed, I told them that I would send Marie and our HR director out for in depth interviews of all the eligible executives. I made sure they understood our rules about the VPA's and told them that Marie was a one-time thing as a gift of appreciation from me.

"Just get me one like her" they said in unison.

"Marie always gets it right. Just tell her what you need and she will see to it. Cashman will continue to be your main point of contact with us and I know he will take good care of you. But, should there ever be a problem, here is my personal card. It has all the ways you can contact me or Marie and I want you to do it, especially if it's important to you."

Marie returned looking the picture of loveliness - that glow a woman gets that only comes from a great fuck session. She picked up her dress and very slowly put it on teasing the hell out of Luther and Dan. She packed up her stuff and we parted company with the Levelands and headed back to the hotel for dinner. 

"We are having room service. You made me soooo hot watching you fuck those guys that I will need some attention myself."

"Of course you will. Anything you wish is my desire. Did I please them ... and you?"

"Ohhh, I am very pleased with today's outcome and I am sure they were delighted. And you obviously enjoyed yourself as well." I got quiet and stared out the slider at the pool watching a naked women walk along the edge.

After a long pause she came up behind me and wrapped her arms around my waist and rested her head on my back. I could feel every inch of her body as she hugged herself to me.

"Is everything OK Jack?"

"Just fine. It's just that I never had the opportunity to observe you while having sex - I was always in the middle of it. I could see how your entire being was focused on the shear pleasure and desire of fucking and getting fucked. Your face had this look that I have never seen before from a distance. It was wanton, lewd, sensuous and beautiful all at the same time." I stopped before I said something I might regret. I was really a little confused about my feelings about Marie at that moment.

"You know how much I love it so let me show you my "passion face" up close and personal" she answered and turned me around. She reached her hands around my head and pulled me to her. She kissed me as passionately as any woman has ever kissed a man. She opened her mouth and I pushed my tongue in. We crushed each other's lips against each other as I pulled her tightly to me. The feel of her body was hot, willing and giving.

That night, we made love - not just fuck in the frenzied way we had in the past. It was long and slow, sensuous and passionate, giving and taking, bringing each other to heights of sexual pleasure we never had before. I emptied into her time and again and she continued to elicit more and more from me - almost as much as I demanded from her. I lost count of how many times she came after thirteen. There was no holding back for either of us. In the wee hours of the morning, after five hours of passionate lovemaking, we finally collapsed in exhaustion. As I was falling asleep with her in my arms - like real lovers - I heard her whisper 'Thank you for you'. 

To be continued...