 "So what did he say?" I enquired.

"I was really quite surprised by his reaction. He said it's fine by him, as long as he has the same freedom and it's not on Saturdays. We usually go out on Saturday evenings and then home for sex afterwards, so he wants me to be 'available' then. I really don't have a problem with that, how about you?"

"No, obviously not. So now that we have our partner's permission, where do we go from here?"

"I really have no idea, this is my first fuck buddy experience. I suppose we should set some boundaries or expectations."

"Well, if you have any ideas maybe you would like to kick off?"

"OK, so let's not beat about the bush. I am not looking for hearts and flowers but I am expecting raunchy, animal, sex, sweaty and noisy. I quite like to lead in the bedroom and I don't often get the chance. I like to say it like it is, so I don't have a limit on language or the words I use. In fact talking dirty really gets me going and the cruder the language the better. If I want your cock I'll jolly well say so. How's that for starters?"

"Well that's pretty blunt! But fine by me. For myself I quite like to be lead, so that will work well and talking dirty also turns me on. This sort of conversation, with someone you hardly know is really quite liberating."

"Down boy! You will have to wait till Wednesday, say about 4pm at my place?"

"Until Wednesday then."

************

She opened the front door with a cheery, "Hi."

"Hi, where did that weekend go?" He asked rhetorically.

"Not sure, but come in. Would you like a glass of wine?"

"Please."

"Come on up to the spare room, I've got a Chenin chilling." We made our way upstairs to her spare room, which was nicely furnished with a large double bed, a few chairs and the usual bedside tables. The blinds were drawn and some candles glowed in strategic places giving a soft ambiance reflected in the mirror fronted wardrobes. We sipped our glasses of Chenin wondering what to do next.

"I am a bit of an exhibitionist," she said, "as you can probably tell from the wardrobe mirrors. Also I am a voyeur, I really like the side view of myself being penetrated, well fucked actually. I love to see a cock sliding in and out of my cunt, it just adds to the actual sensations." And with that she stood up, walked over to where I sat on the edge of the bed, lifted the hem of her shift dress slowly till it revealed her thighs. She kept lifting and revealing but stopped just below the level of her crotch. 

"Shall I continue? Do you want to see my pussy? Do you think I have a smooth cunt or a hairy one? I bet you like smooth ones don't you? They taste so delicious, don't you think? Just smooth, wet, inviting, hot cunt for your tongue to explore. Well you'll see soon enough."

Things were moving quickly now so I reached out, under the raised hem of her dress and let my hand graze up the inside of her thigh, warm flesh all the way to the top where it finally met some soft fabric.

"Hmmm, I wonder what your cock is like. Is it cut or uncut? Fat or thin? Keep me guessing for a while. I really hope it's uncut. I just love sliding the foreskin back over the head and seeing it glisten with excitement, nice shiny pre come.....mmmmm beautiful."

She turned away with her back towards me and let go of the hem of her dress, slid the straps over her shoulders, one at a time teasingly, and let the whole dress tumble to the floor under its own weight. Naked now except for a thin pair of purest white cotton panties, I had a magnificent view of her firm buttocks. I was really going to enjoy this shag. Was I really going to get to shag her, or perhaps it was the other way round, maybe she was going to shag me. Either way we were about to have a memorable afternoon and it looked like it was going to be a really hot experience.

Still with her back towards me she stood astride and bent forwards emphasising her curvaceous bum and affording me a glimpse of white cotton stretched tightly across her pussy. I have always found this view of a pussy particularly exciting. I think it might be the animal desire to inseminate an obviously receptive female: really basic. My cock responded.

"I told you I was an exhibitionist! Do you like my bum? You can stroke it if you like but you may not remove my panties." I didn't need to be told twice and let my hands roam as she parted her legs and bent even further forwards. There was a thin trace of dampness on the white cotton, witness to her excitement. 

"Stand." She commanded, standing herself and turning to face me. "Take off your shoes and socks........Good. Now strip to the waist..........Good. Undo your belt.....Now remove your trousers, keep your pants on and stand up straight like a soldier." I followed all of her commands and so we were standing face to face in our pants.

"Now, who will be allowed to be naked first? Me, I think, so keep your cock in your pants. Place one finger of each hand in the sides of my panties and lower them slowly, very slowly. I did as commanded revealing her pussy for the first time. Delicious. She was smooth except for a small, well trimmed, rectangular patch just above her vagina.

My hand strayed into the moist folds of her outer lips and she cooed, "See smooth! Smooth and damp, and waiting for cock, but not just yet."

Then stroking the front of my pants, she continued. "My tits aren't as firm as they were but not flabby either and the nipples are very sensitive, they love to be sucked quite hard, suck them now!" I started to suck and they became erect almost instantly, I sucked harder and massaged the other with my spare hand, they stiffened into hard little bullets. She murmured her appreciation while still rubbing the front of my pants.

"Well that was easy," she whispered in my ear, "I usually have to work much harder than that to get a stiffy." She pulled the front of my pants forward and peeked in at the contents nearly allowing my now rigid cock to escape. 

"Ooo Kaay, uncut, that's good. I find uncut cocks are more sensitive, but don't you dare come until I say so." She pulled my pants down and I stepped out of them.

"But I wasn't expecting this! A smooth boy! Not a single hair on his cock or his balls. Mmm makes them feel so much softer." and she squeezed them gently. 

"Sit on the edge of the bed and pass me a pillow." She placed the pillow on the floor between my legs, knelt down, took my cock in one hand cupped my balls in the other and looked me straight in the eyes. 

"A new experience, sucking smooth cock. I love to suck cock, suck and sometimes make it cum. But don't you dare cum yet, I have need of a stiff cock." She bent over my lap, opened her mouth and slid me in to its waiting moistness. I felt the suction as she pressed it to the roof of her mouth, she really knew what she was doing. The sensation was indescribable but playing with my balls while giving me a full power blow job was beginning to take its toll particularly when she slid a finger round to my bum and pressed gently at the entrance.

"I think we'd better stop there for a while!" I managed.

"Pity, I was just getting some of that delicious pre cum but we don't want an accident do we?"

I found my voice, "Your turn, lie on the bed!" She lay down and I started sucking her nipples once more then slowly worked my way down the sensuous curve of her belly, kissing and nibbling as I went. As I passed her navel her thighs parted obligingly and I could see the tell tale sign of her excitement as her outer lips engorged. I bypassed her pussy and licked and nibbled down the inside of one thigh and back up the other. She started to push her sex towards me but I kept moving away to build up the anticipation. 

Eventually, as her outer lips started to open of their own accord, I let the tip of my tongue touch her clit. The effect was electric. She bucked and pushed her waiting pussy eagerly into my face. I pulled away, came back and we played this game of cat and mouse or tongue and clit until she grabbed my head in both hands, forced it down onto her cunt and almost screamed, "For fuck sake do it, do it now and do it hard you bastard. Stick that tongue into my cunt and bring me off before I loose my mind." I continued with my tongue as she got noisier and noisier finally letting go of my head and thrashing about on the bed yelling her head off.

When she had calmed down a little she stood up, pulled me by the arms and sat me on the small chair. "I really, really need to fuck, I need to feel that cock deep inside me, right up to the top of my cunt." She straddled my legs, took my cock in one hand and lowered herself slowly onto it, staring into my eyes as it slowly slid into her moistness. 

Once deeply buried, she started to rock back and forth pressing her clit hard against the base of my cock before backing away again. The rocking rhythm started slowly enough, then the pressing as she moved forwards became more urgent. Her breathing changed and the rhythm got faster. 

" Oh good boy..........good boy," she breathed as she accelerated and I felt her muscles tighten around my cock, "Yea.....fuck yea......oh fuck that's so good..............Mmmmm, like that................just like that.............oh fuck yes.......shit I'm going to cum............ Yea........go on..........give it to me..........give me your cum........squirt it deep in my cunt............I want to feel you squirt, you bastard.............fucking squirt...........do it now." And she pinched my nipples, hard.

This was getting very noisy and I felt her muscles grip my cock as I emptied my balls into her and she drove her pelvis forward forcing me in as deep as I could go. 

Then she drove her hand down between us and started to rub her clit violently back and forth till I felt warm fluid flow between us. It gushed as she cried out and her vagina went into more violent spasms. Again she rubbed, again she squirted and again she spasmed. It all went quiet.

"Fuck that was good! I don't usually squirt, well not like that anyway. I hope I haven't drowned you." She stood up slowly, my spent cock flopped out of her into her juices on my lap as she lobbed a towel in my direction.

"Bloody good for our first time at roll play," she said. "How about you?"

"Fantastic! I never realised you liked to be so dominant. I loved it, and using the spare room is a master stroke. It's such a brilliant idea. We can do whatever our fantasies dream up and just leave those characters here in the spare room. It's very liberating to know that they'll never get discussed anywhere but here."

" Yup, whatever happens in here, stays in here. I don't think I could ever let go like that in our own bedroom. Well, you saw how I squirted and I never have the courage to masturbate like that in our own bed. Maybe we could explore another of your fantasies next time?"

"Yes, of course? I really enjoyed being lead on by that randy bitch you just invented, she's welcome anytime!"

"Good, 'cos I really like roll play. I love being anyone my imagination conjures up. I think next time I might be an escort girl or a sadistic doctor, maybe even try a little light BDSM. Would you like that?" I let the question hang.