 The new secretary came in wearing leggings and a white tank top like shirt that hung low exposing her very generous breasts that looked like D's. She had a slightly chubby body but I immediately was attracted to her. I couldn't get enough of her as I tried to make small talk but there was a ten year age gap between us. Eventually I was able to work out that she was, in fact single, a piece of information which I couldn't wrap my head around. 

Lynn was 20 years old, 5'4, great legs and a perfect ass with a little tummy fat but that added to her cuteness. Her hair was long and brown hair, on her nose she wore glasses. I was enamored with her, trying to make her comfortable as I hoped and prayed for her to get up from her chair. Lynn had a habit of adjusting her clothing whenever she got up, pulling up whatever she was wearing in a little wiggle dance. It drove me crazy seeing this daily.

As time went on, I was able to make typical office talk with her: the usual "how's your weekend" or "how was the holiday leave." She would start to go in depth in her replied, which I took as a sign that she was more comfortable with me now.

I soon was added to her social network channels, such as Snap Chat. I'd text her whenever I needed something while she was out fetching the mail or running to other offices. Over time, I became courageous enough to text her things like "Good morning gorgeous." She handle my subtle flirting graciously, often replying with a "lol."

I remained her secret admirer, never letting her know I lusted for her. But certain cues started to make me wonder: my Snap Chat stories were graced with Lynn always being the first one to view; she would take her time bending over when getting water from the cooler in front of my desk; her butt wiggle dance had gotten a little more sexy over time and I could swear she always took a quick look over her shoulder as she was walking away from her desk, as if to make sure that I was looking. I chalked this all up to my imagination, thinking this young goddess would never encourage my private peep show or be interested in me.

My boss had left me in charge, that meant there would be just the two of us in the office for a week. On the first day, Lynn was late so my regular tezt to her said: "Good morning gorgeous. Are you coming in today?" 

Soon she replied: "I just up. Running late but I'll be in." I thought nothing of it. When she did arrive, I noticed her wearing her usual skin-tight black leggings and a very low cut blouse. As I searched for pantie lines I was excited to find none.

The work went on as usual in the morning. Eventually she got up and did her cute wiggle dance which I found odd since she wore leggings and looked like you would have to peel them off her, that's how firmly they hugged her body. She threw a glance at me and I acted like I was viewing something on my phone while facing her. Secretly I would have wanted to catch a creep shot of her amazing ass in leggings but felt foiled with her glance. She walked up to the office door, locked it, walked back to her desk and sat down facing her computer.

But suddenly she turned back to face me. I had thought with the look on her face that I was going to get chewed out for blatantly checking her ass out but she seemed to have a difficulty in putting whatever was on her mind into words. She placed her hands between her knees and sat like she was going to start a serious conversation. But it still was several minutes before she finally opened her mouth to speak.

Lynn: Umm, I want to ask you something but I don't know how to say it. I mean I don't want it to be weird if I say it and its not mutual...

Me: (half laughing) Well just say it, I'm weird anyway.

Lynn: Well I... (pause) Ok, never mind.

She turned back to her desk and tried to resume working. However she almost immediately turned back in her chair.

Lynn: I think you might find me attractive. I noticed you watching me and well... I just need to know if you like me!

I was shocked that I wasn't being chewed out or threatened with sexual harassment. There was a concerned look on her face like she was trying to gauge me for a reaction. 

Me: To be honest I think you are beautiful. Everything about you has been a pleasure to witness. If I'm wrong to think this way, let me know, or if I make you uncomfortable...

Lynn: No, no, no...

I wanted to know because I like you too. I just didn't know if I was just imagining things since you're married.

Me: I'd like to get to know you better but if being married is a deal breaker for you, I'll just keep it to ogling your perfect rear end in secret.

She laughed.

Lynn: I won't tell if you wont.

Me: Tell what?

She got up and walked over to my chair. I was dumbfounded when she sat on my lap and wrapped her arm around me. With her free hand pulled my face to hers and pressed her lips against mine. When our tongues met, the last thing I saw was her closed eyes with her cute long eyelashes before losing myself in her taste.

My hands found her waist and then slowly traveled to her butt. My other hand steadied her from falling off my lap and chair. I could feel her slowly grinding into my crouch, prompting a response. I could feel the material from her leggings allowing her to slip back and forth on my jeans as my hardening member started pushing into her pantyless mound. We kissed and I grew brave and moved the hand off her ass slowly over her thigh and down on thin fabric covering her pussy. She gasped into my mouth. It was warm and smooth. I cupped my hand and rubbed up and down as her breathing got harder. We broke from our kiss and she rested her head against my shoulder. She started pant as I rubbed faster. She spread her legs a little wider to allow my hand more movement. I could feel her hips pump in my lap as she clutched my back. There was a knock on the door. We scrambled to get back into presentable state. She got up to unlock the door, opened it, saying "Oh, I forgot to unlock the door, when I came in this morning!" Thee person said it was ok but kept giving us weird looks. I pretended to work on my PC since I couldn't concentrate due to my erection not going down. I kept thinking of her taste and the feel of her hot pussy on my cock. The guy finished his business with her and left. As soon as he was gone, I got up and locked the door again. I walked up to her desk, stood her up, placed my arms around her waist and began to kiss her.

She moaned into my mouth as I backed her against her deck, picked her up and set her on the surface. I kissed down her low cut blouse. Her head went back. I found her hard nipple sticking out though the cloth. I pulled her neck line down to expose her bra. I reached behind to unclasp it, so that I could devour her hard tit. She let out slight gasps, as my hands started tugging at her leggings. She helped by lifting her butt off the desk and pulling them down to her ankles. She pushed me away and kicked off her shoes with the leggings. I got back between her legs and worked my way back up to her nipples. She undid my pants, she pulled me out and stroked me a few times. I told her to wait and pushed her back. I knelt between her spread legs and licked up her inner thigh. Her mound was cover by a little amount of hair. As I ran my tongue through it, I relished her tangy yet sweet flavor, pushing the tip of my tongue into her. I gave it a long pass through from bottom to top. She doubled over gripping my head and pulling at my hair as I licked up her suddenly soaking slit. Every drop tasted incredible as she's pushed my face deeper into her. She was humping my face as I devoured her.

She couldn't take it anymore so she pulled me up by my ears and grabbed my throbbing hard-on and tried to guide it into her. I assisted her and inserted it tip deep, and let it run up and down her slit, dipping into the waiting warmth. Slowly I slid it in. She embraced me while I slowly pumped into her, feeling her hot insides sliding against my bare flesh until my balls touch her body. I lay her slightly back, knocking her screen down as she gripped the edge of the desk. I began to lose myself in lust, fuck ingher faster and faster. Her hips met my thrusts. I could feel the cum lurching upwards in my sack. I pulled her blouse up, kissing and sucking everything within the reach of my mouth.

Me: I'm going to cum!

All she can say is "Uh huh" while I suck at her nipples. With her fucking me from underneath, I struggled holding back. Her hot tight pussy kept gripping my shaft with each thrust. I stood back, grabbed her hips and fucked her as hard and as fast as I could. I felt my cum run up my shaft before exploding into her letting out a satisfied "Ahhh." I had completely lost myself in her moans, ignoring my own lust. I continued to pump into her as my cock lurched a spurt after spurt into her body. Her hips slowly lose momentum, her chest heaving as she layed back on her toppled computer screen.

I started rapidly going soft while I stood there my balls still deep in her, watching her gorgeous body. She looks at me.

Lynn: (laughing) What?

Me: Nothing. I'm just taking you all in. I've imagined this for so long and I don't want to forget or spoil it.

Lynn: I didn't expect you to take me and then cum in me. But I'm pretty sure this isn't going to be the last time.

She laid back and laughed as my soft member finally slid out.

Me: We better do some work before the boss comes back.

Lynn: We need to fix my computer screen 

Her laugh was cut short, as I leaned over and began kissing her again.