 Lisa slipped the pins into her hair to hold the tight bun in place before looking into the mirror to check her appearance one last time before heading out the door. She sighed to herself as she was starting another summer semester instead of taking time off for a long well deserved vacation. She had no life except the classroom and that had even become boring after ten years of teaching advance calculus. I mean nerds more nerds and nothing but nerds! The bright spot is that during the summer she has younger students and they at least don't know it all yet! 

 Lisa was an attractive woman for her age, she still had a great figure which she kept covered in very modest suits which kept the little critters from starring holes in her while she lectured. A love life had been pretty much non existent since husband had walked out two years ago and if it wasn't for her bob she would have exploded months ago. I mean lets face it she teaches twenty something's and some of the guys are fucking hot but most are nerds with more brains than hormones.

 She walked into her classroom taking a quick look around to see what she had in store and was pleasantly surprised to see mostly girls standing around giggling about something. There were the normal nerdy guys sitting and typing on their laptops or PDA's.

"Please take a seat! This Advanced Calculus and if your not here for that please leave now!" She said with a firm voice to make sure they all heard.

 She turned to her desk picking up the class roster that was placed there by her assistant. Without looking she started calling the names listening for the acknowledgement from the student. She turned back towards the class to see a very smartly dressed young man standing right in front of her holding out a piece of paper. She looked him up and down thinking to herself he is a keeper before taking the paper looking it over and pointing to the seats. The young man turned and walked away almost like he had been punished, shoulder slouching and a slow walk of someone with little or no confidence.

"Today you will do the calculation on the board and turn it in at the end of class, do not worry if you don't finish it your not suppose to just do as much as you can so I know where everyone is knowledge wise." She told them pointing to a blank board.

"What the hell! Ok give me a minute to put it there."

 She quickly wrote the problem down and then sat down at her desk. She took the time to look each student over as she did each year to pick the ones she knew wouldn't make it through the semester or the ones that would beg for attention. Her eyes looked the room over from one to another until she reached Stan. Stan was the kid that handed her the paper, he was at the most twenty with well groomed blonde hair a neatly pressed shirt which he filled out quite well she thought and a very meek manner. She couldn't take her eyes off this young man for some reason, was it the shy almost recluse mannerism he displayed or the fact he was a doll in sheep's clothing. "OK time is up please bring your work to my desk and then your free to go. I will grade them and tomorrow I want you to do the first five pages of the text book with your view of how each problem was solved type written."

 Each student dropped their paper and left except Stan who stood there looking at her with his face lowered and fidgeting with his PDA. He had to be the shyest student she had ever had she thought waiting for him to speak.

"Stan is there something you want to say?" She said in her teacher voice.

"Uh yes I was wondering if you could look at my paper now?" He said with his eyes still lowered.

"Hum I guess but this is not the way I work for your information." She said in a harsher voice.

 She peered at the two pages of numbers and symbols then at the solution which was correct. She looked up at Stan with a smile.

"Very nice work I see your going to be a star student. Stan may I ask you something?" She said in her mothering voice.

"Uh yes anything." He said meekly.

"I need a student to assist me during the semester and after seeing your work I would like it to be you."

"Me! Oh I don't know I don't do very well in front of people I am a little shy." He said without looking up.

"Well it does give you extra credit and you won't have to do much in front of the class most of what you do will be with me in my office or at my home when you help with lesson plans and grading. You will need to be in class early to prepare the daily assignment on the board and take roll."

"I could do that. It would be nice to help you I think, I mean I would enjoy that." He blushed as he tried to explain his comments. 

"Ok then lets get started here is the problem for tomorrow and after you write it on the board please come to my office and we will discuss this further ok?"

"Yes Miss Brothers."

 Lisa left the classroom thinking to herself I need to get this boy some self esteem. He is pitiful poor thing. She was sitting in her chair with her feet propped up on the desk looking over the papers the class did when he came in. She hadn't noticed her skirt had slipped back revealing her upper thigh or if she did she didn't care. Stan froze when he saw he milky white thigh exposed to his gaze. Lisa looked up at him almost like what before she noticed how much thigh was exposed, she quickly lowered her legs back to the floor and smoothed her skirt out as if to say sorry. Stan stuttered he had finished the board and was ready for whatever she wanted him to do. Lisa gave him a list of things that needed to be done and said she would be back in about an hour.

 When she returned she found Stan standing in the corner of the room with something in his hands. She watched him for a minute or two before clearing her throat to make her presence known. Stan jumped turning quickly and hiding something behind his back.

"What do you have there Stan?"

"I am sorry I was putting the papers in your desk and well I didn't mean to but I couldn't help it." He stammered holding out a pair of her panties which she kept in her draw for those just in case moments.

 Lisa wasn't quite sure how to handle this but she was getting an idea and it was so naughty she started to blush. She walked up to Stan who was a mess he was trembling with fear in what she would do to him. She took the panties from his shaking hand before looking him in the eyes.

"They are clean Stan! These on are the ones you would want to smell!" She said in a husky voice as her hands pulled her skirt up and her thumbs hooking her now wet panties and pulling them down slowly.

 She handed him her panties which had a small wet area in the crotch. Now these are fresh and I might add a bit wet! Stan stood there frozen for a second or two before his hand reached out and took the panties. Her eyes never left his which still were lowered in shame or whatever his problem was. 

"Stan smell them now!" She commanded.

 Stand did as he was told, he brought them to his nose took a deep breath taking in her scent with his nose as his fingers caressed the soft silky material. Lisa knew then she had a rare find, a man that does what he is told and maybe one that doesn't know shit about sex. Now she wondered just how far she could push this young man around, after all she did have a little mistress in her and she liked when she was in control. She looked down at Stan's crotch and couldn't help but notice a very large bulge forming. Wow she thought he is hung like a fucking horse! Oh yeah I am going to make him pay for this and he will like it.

 She watched for a few seconds as he fondled her panties before pulling her skirt up again and sitting on the edge of her desk. Stan was so involved in what he was doing he didn't notice she had moved. 

"Stan drop the panties you have the real thing here! Now get down here and make me happy or else!" She commanded him.   Stan was so shocked at the sight of her shaven pussy sitting in full view he almost fainted. He wobbled a little before doing as he was told. He leaned in close and took a deep breath of her now very sexual scent. He noticed a little moisture running out of her pussy he just didn't know what to do about it. Here he was with a woman sitting there with her bare pussy waiting for him and he didn't know what to do! He looked up at her in fear that she wouldn't understand his dilemma. His look told her everything and she knew exactly how to handle it.

"Lick my pussy!" She said in a husky but firm voice. "I will teach you! I will teach you how to please your teacher in every way! She said pulling his face to her now flowing wetness.

 Stan's tongue touched her pussy lips and he tasted it like you would a fine wine. He savored the flavor as well as the aroma. She spread her now swollen pussy lips to give him better access he leaned in again and this time his tongue entered her wetness, he drove it deep inside her as she held her pussy open for him. Her hands went to his head and pushed it back a little, he was stunned thinking he had done something wrong. See this? She pointed to her clit which was standing at attention like a private at inspection. Suck it and nibble with your teeth but not to hard now do it! Stan was good at following instructions and did exactly as he was told. It wasn't long before he had her moaning from his new found talent of eating her pussy. 

"Put a finger in me Stan but don't stop sucking my clit!" she demanded as her body started to quiver with the desire.

 Stan's finger slipped easily inside her pussy witch was flowing full force right then. She clamped down on his finger as he started to push in deeper. Lisa moaned loudly as her body shook from a very intense orgasm that made her gasp for air. The orgasm seemed to last forever but finally subsided. She pulled his head from her now drenched pussy and told him to drop his pants. Stan did as he was told but left his under wear on, them to Stan and be quick about it. Stan dropped his shorts exposing exactly what she knew would be there a huge cock. Damn Lisa said under breath.

 Stan's hand went to his cock and stroked it as he waited for instructions on what to do next. Lisa knew exactly what she wanted and she acted on it right then. She slipped from the desk and took his cock into her hungry mouth so fast he almost fell backwards. She took as much of his cock into her mouth as she could but it was so thick it stretched her mouth fully just to get the head in. She moaned as her hand stroked his cock and her mouth was filled with more cock than she had ever seen. Stan being new to all this didn't stand a chance he shot his hot load of cum into her mouth before she could even get a good rhythm going. She managed to keep most of it and swallowed as fast as she could to keep it from running down her chin but couldn't manage to keep up with him. He grabbed her head holding her in place till the last drop of his cum had been slurped up. 

 Lisa looked up at him with his cum running down her chin, she wiped it away and licked her fingers clean before climbing back on the desk. 

"Fuck me now god damit!" She commanded.   Stan being the obedient student he was stepped forward with his cock in hand still throbbing for more. He placed his cock head against her pussy and pushed slowly like it would break or something. He pushed a little harder and the head popped inside making her groan from the fullness that had just entered her body. He pushed harder until he had her moaning so loud he knew if someone was walking by they would hear her. 

"Fuck me baby! Fuck me Hard Now! She commanded with clinched teeth.

 Stan pulled back until the head of his massive cock was just barely inside her then he slammed it inside her till it found the bottom of her pussy. She was lost in the pleasure of being torn open from his cock and the orgasm that was starting to tear through her. Lisa panted like a marathon runner at the end of a race as he pounded her hungry pussy with his cock. He couldn't help but shoot another load of his cum deep inside her as she begged for more! She could feel his hot cum as it filled her and that brought her over the edge. Her body rocked as her orgasm tore through her again and again until she felt she was going to pass out from the lack of oxygen. Finally her orgasm subsided enough for her to push him back.

"That's enough for now baby! Now clean me up like a good boy." She said laying back on the desk and letting her mind wonder.

 I can see this is going to be one hell of a summer and I can't wait till tonight when he has to help grade papers!