 I want to thank writer p_c352006. Your amazing stories inspired me to try this too. I hope you all enjoy my first story. Hopefully there'll be more to cum!

****************************

Having just graduated with my MBA, I took a job with a company in the Southwest. I grew up in the northwest United States, but always wanted to live in a sunnier climate. The weather in Washington always got me down. I was looking forward to my new life in the sun. Life is more exciting and the women are much sexier here! 

After moving in with my best friend growing up, I took a break from unpacking to try to get into a normal pattern in my new city. When I was going to school in Washington I would typically work out in my free time to clear my head. I would try to split my time between swimming and soccer. I played soccer quite a bit when I was younger, and I just didn't want to let go of the skill that I had developed over the years, plus it was a great workout. I am 32 years old now, but I constantly get told that I look much younger. So on a warm afternoon I got into my typical training outfit -- turf shoes, socks, thin soccer shorts (no underwear of course), and a sleeveless training shirt. The beauty of the southwest is that there are many more fields to kick the ball around in or go running. As I'm driving to the closest field, there are a number of amazing women going on runs in the neighborhood wearing short cotton shorts, and tight-fitting shirts -- or just a sports bra. I definitely moved to the right place!  

I pull up to the field and kick a few balls over the fence onto the pitch (what everyone else in the world calls a soccer field). It's always fun to play in pick-up games, or on organized teams, but what I really enjoy is practicing on my own -- working hard to get a good workout, and get a little better. It feels good to be sweaty and tired by the end of the workout. When I round the corner onto the field I notice I'm not alone. Jogging the perimeter of the field is a sexy young woman. Like the women I passed on the way, you are wearing a very short pair of cotton shorts, and a tight tank top. Your hair is pulled back tightly into a pony tail. As you run, I can't help watching you-- your hair bobs around emphasizing her energy, your tank top shows off your tight body, and your ass... oh that ass! Okay, I have to snap back to what I'm doing! 

As I wrangle my soccer balls down to one side of the field, you (the sexy jogger) is also coming down the side of the field near me. I wave and smile, "Hi," and you wave back and smile. 

"Did she just double-take? She did!" 

I glance at you as she continues running around the field. It goes on like this for about a half hour, I kick into the goal from different places, as she runs past me. We both act like we're not checking each other out, but it's pretty obvious! The heat of the sunny afternoon beginning to bear down on the field -- it's getting pretty hot. I take off my shirt to get more tan and enjoy the weather. This time, as you run by I see you looking me up and down. Despite my working out the sight of you has cause a bit of a stir in my shorts. I was becoming semi-erect -- and when your just wearing workout shorts, it can be hard to hide! I shrug it off and enjoy my cock bouncing around in my shorts as I run after the ball. 

You turn the corner and stop at the halfway line in the field where you left your bag and water bottle. I notice you stop, and my heart sinks a little because I'm sure you're going to head out after your workout. Instead you take a quick drink, stretch your legs quickly and put your hands to the bottom hem of your tank top. "Oh yes, please!" I keep glancing over, but try not to be too obvious. In one quick motion you pull the top over your head and drop it to the ground by your bag. There you stand, so sexy and fit in the sun. The afternoon head causes your skin to shine with tiny droplets of sweat from your workout. Seeing more of your sexy body really gets me excited. To add to it, after stretching your arms briefly, you continue on your run. I stop to take a break as you jog by, I drink in your amazing body from your lovely legs up to your short shorts and the treasure they hide, to your tight tummy and sexy, firm breasts -- held by a black sports bra. This time we both keep eye contact as your run by. I manage kind of a smirk, with a confident look -- I want you. Your mouth is open as you breath but in kind of a smile with a hungry look in your eyes as you look me over. 

As you run by again, I curse my damned shyness and keep working out. Many times my shyness worked to my advantage. Many women found it cute, sexy, or sometimes advanced on me perhaps for the challenge. I wasn't too shy not to do anything, but with four sisters growing up, I was afraid to be "that guy -- the creepy guy." When talking with each girl I was with, they all reassured me that I have nothing to worry about with that, but I still don't want to make women uncomfortable. Being frustrated I kick the ball extra hard, taking my aggression out on the ball. This just sends the ball off in the wrong direction and, even worse, causes the back of my thigh to cramp up! I cringe as I limp around after my stupid action. You must have noticed because I see you deviate from your run and jog over to where I am limping around to "walk it off." 

"Are you okay?" You ask kindly, I can see there is real concern in your eyes.

"Ugh, I'm fine, I just have a cramp, but... uggg!" My leg cramps up even more as I stand. I quickly sit on the turf to try to stretch it, but I'm in a lot of pain. 

You quickly kneel down by me and put your hand on my leg. "You really need to stretch your leg out. Where is your cramp?" 

I mention that it is the back of my thigh. You don't even ask you simply say, "Lay down." How do I say no to such a sexy young woman? 

As I lay down on my back, my cock is oriented straight out, causing a very noticeable tent in my soccer shorts. Your hands feel so good as they rub my leg. You have a gorgeous face and a warm smile as you try to help me -- a stranger you don't even know. As you rub my leg I see your eyes look up to my erection. You keep looking at it for a few seconds then to my eyes. There is a knowing "smile" in your eyes. There's no denying the effect your having on me! 

During this my erection has a mind of its own as it gets more engorged. Embarrassed I mutter, "excuse me" as I adjust myself. Now it's pointing down and slightly less conspicuous -- except for the fact that it is obviously positioned down my right leg -- the same leg you are rubbing!

"This is kind of an awkward angle." You say as you get up from where you are kneeling at the side of my leg. You let yourself back down and are sitting down on my lower leg as your hands go back to working the tight muscles in my thigh. It feels so amazing when you sit down on me -- your perfect ass resting nicely on my leg. Your butt is firm, but not too firm. As your hands are on my upper leg, I can feel you start to move back and forth a bit on my lower leg with your ass. You must be rubbing your click on my leg! 

This subtle movement further excites me -- I love being used by sexy women! Let me be your toy to get you off. Your hands are all around my thigh as you slowly slide back and forth. I hear your breathing get more shallow. You really have me pinned down now. I'm on my back and your sitting on my leg. 

After a few minutes of this you let out a quiet moan, and my erection is growing down the leg of my shorts. I try to think of something else so it doesn't come out to say hello. You seem to wake from your trance and hop off my leg. I have to take a deep breath. This is really getting out of control! What if someone else comes to the field? That would be a sight for a team of little kids coming for practice!

But you're not at all done with me. "Your still really tight in your thigh! Put your leg up on my shoulder, I'll stretch you out." It's not a suggestion, it's a command that comes from your pink lips. This feels strange, but I obey and you grab my leg. As you move my leg further up a few things happen:

Gravity pulls the leg of my shorts a little further down.

Your shoulder is holding my leg up, so your head is positioned just about a foot above my cock. You can see down my shorts as my erection is not fully exposed, but my head is peaking out.

I can see down your sports bra at your glistening cleavage. 

All of this makes my erection more pronounced. There's something you should know about me. While I'm not a crazy, sociopathic exhibitionist flashing everyone in sight, I find it exciting to be checked out. Occasionally, over the years, I've let my female neighbors catch me as I get changed or get myself off. 

I hope you aren't startled -- instead you watch it for a minute rubbing my leg. Further up your hands travel, until they're inches from my cock. This is agonizing! I prop myself up on my elbows to watch you while you rub my leg. You look up to me and coyly say, "You seem to really be enjoying this!" 

"What can I say? You are, by far, the sexiest masseuse I've ever had! And you have suck a great touch." I say grinning.

"Why, thank you!" You say in a playful sweet voice. "I'm happy to help." When you say 'help' you reach down and give my cock a soft squeeze through my shorts. 

You laugh and hop up. I prop myself up, unable to get up right away because of my the condition I'm in. My leg is fine though. 

"I saw you playing while I was running. You're pretty good, but I think I could kick your ass out there!" You smirk as you nod to the goal. 

Smiling I play back, "I'd love to see you try to do that, but I'd hate to embarrass you after all you've done for me!"

"Get up little boy!" You joke -- at this point my erection has gone down enough that I can get up without having my cock at full mast, but it is still noticeable. 

"I'm Matt, by the way." 

"Andrea." Our names seem like a formality after it is clear what both of our intentions are.

I tap the ball to you and as I jog past you to get between you and the goal I grab your hips for a second. (Your skin is so soft and I love the wetness from your sweat!) "Come and get it!" I challenge, smiling.

You dribble the ball from foot to foot. You're not too bad -- not awesome, but not bad! This is my chance! I go in like I'm going to go in for the ball. Our feet are both kicking to the ball as our legs get a bit tangled up. I put my hand on your hip to keep us both on our feet as we fight for the ball. My other hand grabs your hand to pull you in. 

In one quick motion I pull you close to me, I kick the ball away. While I pull you in my hand, involuntarily (but happily) moves down the curve of your ass. It is forceful so I feel the firmness of your flesh. "Hey!" You playfully shout in complaint of my shady move. But it all happens in a second -- we tumble to the ground in a wet tangle of legs and arms. As we fall I manage to position myself to let you fall onto me, so I don't hurt you. I come down hard on my back, and your slim body comes down on mine. Your fall positions you in such a way that my cock is pressing through my shorts on your bare tummy. Your head softly comes to rest on my chest. 

We both just lay there, you on me as we breath hard to catch our breath. Your body on mine is causing my erection to grow again. Which I'm sure you notice. You prop yourself up on your elbows and look up at me from where your laying on me. 

"Wow -- this is fun, but I want to play with something else!" With that your eyes are looking at me playfully, but with a determined gleam.

You pull yourself up to a straddling position and rest yourself on my growing erection. The pressure feels so good as I can feel the softness of your mound through your shorts pressing into me. 

You begin to grind, as you are sitting up, hands on my chest. 

"Mmmm... that feels good." You moan.

My hands have found their way up your legs to your shorts. Sliding my hands past the material I move to your ass. Your are really grinding me now. Back and forth with your hips. As my fingers caress your ass, it becomes clear that there aren't any panties between your ass and my hands. My fingers grab and trace your checks as you move rhythmically on my hard cock.

You are really getting into it and your head leans back. Quickly I slide out from under you as I pull you to your back on the ground. One of my legs is straddling one of your legs causing my cock to rub up against your hip, and your clit to rub up against my leg. 

Immediately you grab my ass and pull me in close as you grind up against me again. At this point we kiss for the first time -- passionately. Our tongues dance back and forth in each others' mouths. Mimicking the give and take of sex. My hand slides up your stomach to one of your tits. Your tight sports bra is holding them back. So after I feel your breast and your hardening nipple through your bra, I slide my hand under. Your skin is so soft and your breast feel so amazing. Perfect! One of my hands is pulling you close and my other is touching your soft tits and flicking your nipples gently between my fingers. Occasionally I gently pinch your nipples. 

"Ohhhh!" You love this and you reach down to my cock. It is straining in my shorts and after rubbing the length of it a few times and giving it a squeeze, you pull it out. My cock is now out in the open, but it doesn't matter to me because it feels so amazing as you begin to run your soft hands up and down my erection. 

The sun is beginning to go down and casts a reddish hue to our skin, making us look more like objects of passion.

As you stroke my cock my hand finds its way through your shorts, passed the crack of your ass, and to your wet pussy. You are still grinding your clit into me, but my finger teases your wetness. I let your body guide me in as you grind, I simply let my fingers go deeper and deeper -- closer and closer. After my finger slides into your pussy, you let our a moan. Now I need you! 

My fingers then begin to trace circles around your pussy, and rub near your asshole, then back into your wetness. One finger is replaced by two. You are soaking wet now. At the same time your hands are masterfully working my cock. 

"Stand up, Matt!" You command in a quiet growl.

We untangle and I stand up, my cock out of my shorts up in the air. You get up to your knees and pull yourself up to my erection. Your eye level with it now. Your eyes never leave mine as you lick up the length of it. I try to hold your eye contact, but I can't help moaning with pleasure as your lips and tongue run up and down the length. 

A flick of the tongue on my tip is a preface to your taking my cock as far into your mouth as you can. It feels so good, your tongue on the bottom length of my cock while your wet lips wrap around it with silk warmth. Your saliva creates such a warm wetness as your tongue slithers about my cock. 

Your head begins to bob up and down on my cock -- as you let me fuck your mouth. I love seeing your ponytail flailing about as you expertly give me the most amazing blowjob of my life. 

Let me take a minute to explain to you women why blowjobs are so amazing. They feel like the warmest, wettest sex you will ever experience! On top of that if the girl is good at it, she will be able to control her tongue and lips in such as way that you won't know where you are anymore! When they really suck you in then let your cock pop as they release you, it is the most amazing feeling. 

You are doing just that on me and I can feel my cum welling up. I'm in control of when I release, but I tap into my darker side and forcefully pull your head down onto my cock a few more times. You don't relent and your saliva is running down my cock and balls.

At this point, I pull you up gently and you continue to stroke me as we kiss again. I pull your bra up over your head and fondle your newly freed tits.

"Your turn, Andrea." I say as I lay you down. You're propped up on your elbows so you can see what I do. Your nipples hard as you rub them with the tips of your fingers. Your legs are slightly spread and your shorts are dark where your pussy has made them wet.

I rub my hands up the length of your legs and reach my hands down to your ass and pull your hips up as I lean down to rub my nose and mouth onto your mound through your wet shorts. 

"Mmm... you smell so good." I lick your wetness on your shorts. This makes you jump a little with excitement. Anticipation. With that I rip off your shorts to reveal your glistening pussy. Your pink lips are begging for my attention -- which I happily give.

I give a few long licks with the tip of my tongue, as I rhythmically rub your clit with my fingers. This sends you into a blissful state and you collapse down to the ground. Your hands immediately begin to play with your tits and pinch your nipples in concert to my licking. My hand and tongue trade places so I am now licking and sucking hard on your clit as my fingers find your wet cunt. They slide in but I am amazed at how you can tighten your muscles around them at will. 

"mmmm .... MMMM... MMM... OHHH!" You are starting to reach the point of no return. 

"I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum! OH! I'M CUMMING!" You arch your back in extasy as your orgasm rocks you there on the soccer field. As you come down from it, you look up at the amber sky, then down to me. I have a smile on my face but continue to rub your pussy to keep you from totally cooling down from your orgasm. 

"Fuck, Matt -- that was amazing!" My erection has gone down a bit because I was focusing my attention on you and getting you off. Seeing that you flip me over so now my back is on the ground and you straddle my face. You begin to take my cock in your mouth in such a determined way that within seconds I am rock hard again. Meanwhile I am hungrily tonguing your cunt and rubbing your asshole. Your juices taste so good!

After I am ready to go, you turn around and position my cock at you wet hole. Slowly you lower yourself onto me -- "OHHHH, that's so good!" You love the way I fill you up. Once you have taken me all in, you rock back and forth, letting my cock massage your g-spot.

You lean down to me so I can suck and bite on your nipples as you start to ride me. My hands are on your ass, gripping your hard and helping push you back down onto me. Seeing you ram yourself onto me is so sexy. I feel like I am simply being used for my fleshy dildo -- and I love it!

Is doesn't take long for you to reach another climax as you start to thrust down onto me harder and harder. All of your inhibitions (if you had any) are gone now and you are screaming, "Yes! YES! OH FUCK YESSSSS!!!" Your cunt constricts around my cock as you climax, nearly sending me over the edge. I flex my puboccygeus muscle and breath deeply, effectively delaying my impending orgasm. After you come down you are temporarily exhausted, but you eagerly get off of me and kneel down and rest your head on your arms on the ground, sticking your ass up at me -- inviting me in. I kneel down on one knee behind you pushing my cock down to your waiting pussy. 

Teasingly, I rub around your pussy, slapping your clit a few times with my cock. This gets you extremely worked up -- frustrated you reach back and grab my cock and position it at your hole. With that, I slam myself in with one move. You scream in pleasure as I steadily thrust in and out of you. You look back and watch me as I take you deep, my balls slapping your pussy as I drive myself into you. I can feel myself reaching the edge of control and my eyes start to glaze over. 

Noticing this you command, "Cum in me, baby! Cum for me!"

This sends me over and stream after stream of cum fills the inside of your wetness. A while back I had a vasectomy, so I happily empty everything I have into you. I was so built-up, that I came more than I ever had in my life -- my climax seemed to last forever!
