 All characters in this story are over 18 years of age.



As he turned the car into the small coastal town, Jason smiled to himself. He couldn't believe he was finally here. It had taken him close to 3 days to make the drive from Melbourne, through South Australia to Perth. 

Jason made the last few turns, before pulling into the driveway that was to be his new home. 

He had finished his high school exams only a week before and now he had the whole summer ahead of him to figure out what he wanted his life to be.

A month earlier Jason had been approached by his parents late in the evening, they had told him that once he finished high school they would be travelling overseas for the next few years and that they had organized for Jason to move in with his cousin until he found a place of his own. 

Jason was originally extremely angry with his parents. He was being sent across the country to live with someone he hadn't seen since the age of 10.

That was until he looked on a map to see where he was going to live. 

Jason pulled into the driveway and parked the car; this was going to be a great summer. He could walk out the back door of his cousin's house and it was only 50 meters down to the beach, with nothing but green grass and perfect sand between them. 

He turned the car off and made his way up to the house, Jason took a deep breath before knocking on the door. He waited there for a few minutes but there was no answer. 

Jason made his way around to the back of the house, thinking that maybe his cousin might not have heard him. He walked up to the back door and found a note pinned to it. 

Dear Jason, 

I'm so sorry I couldn't be there to greet you, but I was called away on a last minute business trip. I will be back in a few days. Make yourself at home. 

Love Bridget. 

She had left directions on the bottom of the note to find the spare key and to my new bedroom. 

I soon found the spare key and begun to bring all my bags into the house. 'At least I will have time to settle in before she comes home.' Jason thought to himself. 

He collapsed onto his bed, as exhaustion overtook his body after the long drive and was asleep before his head hit the pillow. 

Jason awoke early the next morning, hearing a car soaring into the street before coming to a stop in the driveway next to his. He made his way to window, wiping the sleep from his eyes. He pulled back the curtain and couldn't believe his eyes. 

He watched the car door open to reveal one of the most beautiful girls he had ever seen. She looked to be about 5'6, with short dark hair. She was wearing a bikini top with only a small pair of tight shorts covering her perfect tanned body. She had a very fit figure with toned legs, tight abs and what looked to be a perfect set of perky c cups. What really caught my eye was her tight bubble butt. I couldn't believe my luck. Just from looking at her I had an instant hard on. She made her way up to the front door of the house to my left and went straight in the front door. 'I guess that's my new neighbour.' Jason said to himself with a smile, this was definitely going to be an interesting summer. 

Jason decided he would go downstairs to male himself some breakfast. He paused in front of the mirror and took a look at himself. He was 6'0 tall with dark hair cut quite short. He had a light tan with hard defined muscles from the years he had spent training in the gym. As he looked past his ripped abs, he could see his hard cock pushed firm against the board shorts he had thrown on. His 8 inch cock was extremely thick and strained hard to break through the material. 'I'll deal with you soon.' he thought to himself as he made his way out of the room. 

As soon as Jason made it down the flight of stairs he heard a knock at the door. He walked to the front door and as he opened it his breath caught in his throat. He had not expected to see the beautiful girl from next door standing in front of him. 

"hey I'm Sarah, I'll be your new neighbour." she said with a smile, "and you must be Jason, Bridget has told me all about you, it's so nice to finally meet you." she said as she hugged him tightly. 

'ah, it's nice to meet you too.' Jason said shyly, hoping she wouldn't notice his hard on pushing against her body. 

"Bridget told me how sad she was that she couldn't be here when you arrived, but I'll be around to keep you company." Sarah said as she walked into the house, Jason closed the door behind her and followed her into lounge. 

"Bridget told me you worked out a lot, but I never thought you'd look this good." she said with a wink as she sat down on the couch. "Guess I have a reason to hang around more then." Sarah added with a smirk. 

'Ah, thank you?'Jason replied as he sat next to her on the couch. 

"You're quite shy, aren't you?" she asked as she moved a little closer. 

'That's only around beautiful women.' Jason said with a smirk, starting to feel more comfortable. 

"Aren't you the charmer," Sarah said with a smirk. "I think you're going to love it here. " she continued as she placed her hand on my thigh. 

'I think your right.' he replied as he slid his arm over her shoulder. 

Sarah leaned in and kissed him passionately, Jason traced his hand up her arm to her shoulder and then slid his hand down to her breast as he returned the kiss. Her breasts were so firm and just a little more than a hand full, he could feel her nipple hardening beneath his palm as he grabbed hard onto her breast. 

Jason heard a moan escape her lips as she moved down to kiss his neck, her hand slowly sliding up his thigh before grabbing tightly onto his big hard cock. He watched the look of shock at the size of his cock cross her eyes, before another moan escaped her lips and it quickly turned to a look of sheer hunger. 

Jason's hand slowly reached behind Sarah's back and untied the bikini. 

He couldn't help but smile as the bikini fell from her body revealing her perky c cups, he felt his cock twitch in her hand as his eyes fell up her tiny hardening nipples, both were pierced with a tiny bar going through the centre. 'There couldn't be a more perfect set of tits.' Jason thought to himself as he grabbed hard onto her left breast while he took her right nipple into his mouth. 

Sarah moaned out loud as Jason bit down hard on the nipple ring. 

He let the nipple fall from his mouth as Sarah slid off the couch and down to the floor on her knees. 

A smile crossed Sarah's face as she grabbed the waist of his shorts and pulled them down to floor revealing his hard cock. A moan escaped Sarah's lips as she grabbed a hold of Jason's long hard cock. 

"It's so big," she said as her fingers barely wrapped the whole way around his cock. 

Sarah slowly licked the tip of his cock as her hand slowly began to work it's way up and down the length of his long hard cock. 

She opened her mouth wide as she struggled to push the head of Jason's cock into her mouth. 

He moaned as he felt her tongue lick the underside of his cock as she tried to take more into her mouth. 

She continued to stroke his cock as she pulled it from her mouth and looked up to him. 

"I think I'm going to need some help to get this cock deep in my throat." Sarah said in a pleading tone. 

'I can help with that.' Jason replied with a smile as he grabbed her hair and pulled her back down to his hard cock. 

Jason heard a moan come from deep in her as he roughly pushed his cock into her mouth. 

He watched Sarah's eyes begin to water as he pushed further into her mouth and felt her begin to gag halfway down his cock. Jason slowly pulled back allowing her to gasp from breath before roughly pushing his cock into her throat, he continued this a few times until Sarah was able to take his entire cock down her throat. 

Jason watched a tear drop down Sarah's face as she struggled not to gag on his cock. It felt so good having himself right down her throat. He began to pull back allowing her to breathe slightly before he began to fuck her throat hard and fast. Jason loved the sounds that escaped her lips around his cock as she received a hard face fuck. 

He felt his balls begin to tighten as the pleasure swept over his body. 

Jason could feel the beginnings of his orgasm begin to spasm through his body. A few more hard thrust down her gagging throat were all it took before he ripped his cock from her throat and he began to let loose ropes of his white cum right across Sarah's waiting face. The first few shot hard from his cock and coated up from her eyes and across her forehead, she gasped in shock at the sheer volume of cum that shot from his cock all over her face before he pushed his cock back into her mouth and felt her swallow around his cock as she struggled against the cum flowing into her mouth. As his orgasm slowly left from his body and he began to regain his senses he couldn't believe how much cum there had been. He had coated Sarah's entire face with his thick cum and she had swallowed two more mouthfuls. He had never cum so hard in his life. 

'That was amazing.' Jason said with a smile. 

"I've never seen so much cum." Sarah stated as she began to scoop some cum from her face. Once she felt like she had eaten all that she could she licked her lips. "yummy." she said with a wink before getting a towel to wipe the remainder from her face. 

As Sarah returned to the room with a clean face, she noticed the time on the clock above the TV. 

"Shit, I'm going to be late for school." she said in a panic. "I'll see you tonight." she said with as she gave Jason a quick kiss on the lips before grabbing her bikini and holding it over her breasts as she ran for the door. 

He watched her hot arse slightly jiggle as she closed the door behind he. 

Jason smiled to himself and thought, 'this is definitely going to be a summer to remember.'