 Jason spent the next few hours surfing down at the beach and just relaxing in the shallows of the water, after a while he headed back to the house and decided to have a work out before taking a well deserved shower.

Once he was finished he made his way down the stairs and looked at the time, it wouldn't be long till Sarah would return from school, he sat and relaxed in front of the TV.

He got up a half hour later when he heard a knock at the door.

Opening the door he saw Sarah standing there wearing her school uniform, which consisted of a tight white short sleeved shirt, which she had unbuttoned to reveal a hint of her cleavage and the shortest tartan skirt Jason had ever seen on a uniform, it barely covered her arse and he knew that if she leant forward even the tiniest amount her arse would be visible for all to see.

Sarah walked into the house with a smile as she watched his eyes following her arse, the second he closed the door, she had Jason pinned against the wall and began grinding her body against his.

"I've been so horny all day waiting for your big hard cock." She said with a moan as her pussy rubbed against Jason's hardening cock.

Jason smiled as he grabbed Sarah by her arse and lifted her of the ground like she weighed nothing at all, he carried her straight up the stairs before dropping her onto his bed and climbing on top of her. 

'I've been waiting for you to get home all day.' he said as he began to kiss down her neck, undoing the buttons of her shirt as he moved his lips down to her breasts, he was happy to see that her bra unclasped from the front and with a second he had opened her bra and began to suck her nipples, loving the feeling of the metal piercings under his tongue.

Sarah moaned as he squeezed hard on her breasts while he bit her right nipple, she began to grind her hips underneath him and Jason could feel his hard cock rubbing against her waiting pussy, he kissed his way down across her tight abs, past her hips and slipped both hands under her skirt and lifted her skirt up and over her stomach. 

Jason was very surprised to see that she wore no panties under her school skirt but as he viewed her perfectly shaven pussy glistening with her juices before him, he didn't take the time to ask about it. He slowly slipped his fingers through the wet lips of her tight pussy before sliding it up to softly brush against Sarah's clit. Her body twitched and she let out a loud moan as his fingers traced across her clit, Jason looked into her eyes to see the pleasure flooding through them.

He watched her reaction as he let his fingers slide to the opening of her wet pussy and her pussy drenched his hand as he drove two fingers deep inside her wet pussy, he couldn't believe how tight her pussy was around his fingers. He brought his tongue down and began to lick slowly across her clit as his fingers drove in and out of her pussy.

Sarah's body began to shake as Jason's fingers curved inside her tight pussy to rub along her g spot, he sucked hard on her clit as her orgasm flooded through her body. Her pussy began gushing her juices all over Jason's hand and as he slowly pulled his fingers from her convulsing pussy, he dove his tongue into the gushing hole. Sarah started bucking her hips as a second orgasm flooded through her body, her pussy was dripping straight onto his tongue and Jason lapped up all her juices as fast as he could.

Jason's chin was completely covered in her cum as he made his way back up her body to kiss her, she started kissing him fiercely as Sarah got the taste of her own cum from his mouth, and Sarah quickly flipped her body on top of his before ripping his board shorts from his body revelling his rock hard cock.

Sarah grabbed his cock and began to furiously beat it up and down before diving her mouth down onto his long thick cock, Jason moaned as he felt his cock hit the back of her throat and he thought she would stop there and have to pull it back from her lips, but to his surprise she grabbed his hips and pushed his entire cock down her throat and began to lick his balls as he felt her struggling not to gag around his cock. Jason grabbed the back of Sarah's head and began to thrust his cock in and out of her throat, he continued for a few thrusts before pulling his cock from her throat, drool coated his cock and tears were dripping from Sarah's. 

Jason quickly grabbed Sarah and turned her body around to lie on top of him in a 69 position, she grabbed a hold of his cock once more and began to stroke it up and down as fast as she could. He pushed his tongue deep inside her wet pussy again and used his thumb to rub back and forth along her clit. Jason stared at Sarah's tight rosebud with lust and slowly pulled his tongue from her pussy. He pushed two fingers deep inside her pussy making her moan as she took the head of his cock into her mouth.

He slowly slid his tongue from the edge of her pussy up between her tight arse and quickly let his tongue flick across her virgin arsehole. Jason heard Sarah moaned loudly and he took this as a sign to continue, he began to lick fast and hard around her rosebud as he fucked her pussy harder with every thrust. He felt Sarah drive her mouth down over his cock again and deep into her throat, causing his body to twitch and drive his tongue deep into her tight arsehole.

Sarah screamed out hard as another orgasm ripped through her body with Jason's tongue still up her tight arse, her pussy began to squirt out all over Jason's face and chest as he pulled his fingers out of her squirting pussy, Sarah pushed her pussy down towards his face and began grinding her clit against his chin, Jason pulled his tongue out of her arse and opened his mouth wide as her pussy continued to squirt as she came harder and harder. 

Jason's mouth was full of her cum when her orgasm subsided and he flipped her back onto the bed and he climbed over her and Sarah's mouth opened as she desperately tried to get her cum from his mouth, Jason slowly opened his mouth and allowed her pussy juices to drip across his down and down into her waiting mouth. Sarah gargled her juices in her mouth before she swallowed with a giant smile across her face.

"Oh my god, i have never cum so hard in my entire life." Sarah said as she tried to regain her breath. 

'That was so hot.' Jason replied as he began to slowly kiss her neck.

"I feel so exhausted; I don't know how I could handle anything more." She said as she lay on the bed, her body still softly shaking from the orgasm that had ripped through her body.

'You say that like you have a choice.' Jason said with a smile as he grabbed his cock and pushed it deep into her soaked pussy until his entire cock was buried deep inside her.

"Oh fuck!" Sarah screamed as her pussy stretched around Jason's big cock.

Jason moaned as her tight pussy squeezed around his hard cock, he grabbed her legs and pushed them up next to her head, as he began to fuck her pussy as hard and fast as he could. Sarah was moaning so loud as he drilled her pussy faster than she had ever been fucked before, within a minute his cock shot out of her pussy as she began to cum hard and her pussy squirted her juices all over his cock, her body was still shaking as Jason rolled over and pulled her up on top of him.

'Sit on my cock Sarah, show me how much you want my cock.' Jason said as he looked at Sarah's trembling body on top of him.

Sarah quickly sucked as much of her juices from his cock that she could manage before climbing on top of his cock and slowly sliding it into her soaked pussy.

"Oh my god, it's so fucking big, it's going to tear my pussy right open." Sarah moaned as she tried to rub her clit and allow more of his cock into her tight pussy.

'Just take it like a good little whore.' Jason said with lust in his voice, he grabbed her hips and pushed his cock the rest of the way into her pussy.

"oooh." Was all she managed to say before Jason started thrusting harder into her tight pussy.

Sarah slowly began to lifting her pussy up the length of his cock before dropping back down till his cock hit the back of her tight pussy, she moaned hard with every thrust and Jason could see that she wasn't far away from another orgasm.

Jason lifted Sarah off his cock and pushed her face first into the mattress and lifted her hips before slamming his cock back into her battered pussy, as soon as he had thrust deep inside her pussy, her body began to buck under his hips again, he grabbed hard onto her waist and drove his cock harder and faster into her pussy as it squirted around his cock, but he refused to let go this time. He fucked her with increased vigour, he was driving himself closer and closer to his approaching orgasm and he wanted to fuck her as hard as he could until he was ready.

He continued to fuck her hard for another two minutes with her body bucking hard underneath him, her orgasm had yet to stop and he was soaked from her cum squirting all over his cock, balls and thighs.

He pulled his hard cock from her twitching pussy and she collapsed onto the bed, her pussy still shooting tiny squirts as the orgasm slowly left her body. Jason flipped Sarah onto her back and climbed up next to her face.

Jason grabbed the back of her head as he pushed his cock towards her mouth, Sarah was nearly unconscious by this point, but as Jason's cock poked against her mouth it slid open to allow his cock entry. He slid his cock deep inside her throat and felt her throat convulsing around his hard cock. After thrusting back and forth into her gagging throat a few times, Jason pulled back and came hard into Sarah's mouth, feeling her mouth fill with his cum around his cock, and she struggled to swallow fast enough not to choke on his cum.

Sarah swallowed 3 times before his orgasm began to subside and as he slowly pulled my cock from her mouth he saw that she hadn't been fast enough and cum had dripped from both sides of her mouth and had run down her chin to her neck and breasts. 

Jason collapsed down onto the bed next to Sarah and watched as she quickly scooped up all the cum she could from her face and breasts before she lay down next to him and they both fell into a deep sleep with Jason's arms wrapped tightly around Sarah.