 As I looked at an old bank statement, an item stood out that brought back memories of a night that will not only go down in infamy, but one in which I learned a valuable lesson.

I had just moved to Boston and the only people I knew were the ones from work who, with few exceptions, were all married. Of the remainder, I didn't really want to spend any more time with them than I had to. However, living in a big city one would think there would be plenty of places to occupy ones Friday night so I decided to take off by myself and explore my new home.

Leaving my brownstone, I made my way to the nearest 'T' station and rode the line until it stopped at the State Street station. Once streetside I wandered to Faneuil Hall and nosed about the stores, mingling with the crowds who were stretching their legs after the long winter months.

The air was crisp and thin yet upon it rode the smells of a host of food stands and restaurants, each tantalizing in its own way. The light jacket I wore over my sweater was just enough to keep me warm without being uncomfortable.

Making my way to the harbor, I saw the Marriott logo across the street and used it as my reference point to get back. To the right I spied the neon sign of the New England Aquarium beckoning me and though it was closed for the evening, I had heard that there was a sea lion exhibit outside that one could look at. Sure enough, I and a few others stood by the glass enclosure and looked down on the three beasts lying on the rocks. One of them looked up at me, whether out of curiosity or simply boredom I don't know, before resuming its stretched-out pose.

Well, this was an exciting night. I had been out for almost an hour and the most excitement I had was looking at blubbery mammals lying on rocks. As if on cue, my stomach rumbled, reminding me that it was nearly seven and I had bodily needs to attend to. Retracing my steps across the lanes of traffic I returned to Faneuil Hall, got my bearings and wandered off to one of the side streets. I walked the sometimes curved avenues looking at the couples who were out for the evening, almost feeling sorry for myself that I didn't have someone to enjoy the city with.

I snapped out of my funk and rounded a corner where I was greeted by the sound of music and laughter. Knowing that where there was music and laughter there is also food and drink, I tracked down the source of the merriment. Up the street was what looked to be a cross between a restaurant and club. Maybe a tavern? Did such things still exist?

Stepping into the establishment, I didn't catch its name, I saw that it was crowded but there were still a few open tables along the side opposite the bar. As I took a step to claim my space I heard a gentle voice behind me.

"Sir, how many in your party?"

Turning, I saw that it was one of the female staff who was talking to me. In her hands she held a clipboard and pen.

"Um, sorry. Just me for the evening," I stammered, realizing that one had to wait to be seated.

"Not a problem, sir. If you'd like to follow me I'll get you a table."

Nodding my head in agreement I followed the young girl who seated me at a table towards the back of the room but still close enough to the door that I could watch the people come and go. She gave me a courtesy smile as I sat down before disappearing into the small groups of people who were mingling about. Moments later she returned and filled my glass with water and handed me a menu.

I hadn't realized how hungry I was but now that I had stopped moving my stomach reasserted itself. I quickly scanned the list of items, zeroing in on the appetizers. Fried mozzarella sticks with sauce sounded great and I figured a bottle of local beer would be a nice introduction to the city.

My server came over and dutifully took my short order but I told her I would need a few minutes to decide on what I would want for a meal. Giving me the same courtesy smile that the hostess had done, she left me alone to ruminate over how I would ease my hunger.

I was lost in the moment of decision when a voice snapped me back to reality.

"May I join you?"

Looking up I was taken aback by the figure before me. She was dressed in a heather-grey skirt and a white shirt with the top few buttons undone. The skirt, which fell to a few inches above her knees, exposed her thighs which were hidden behind sheer, smoky hose. Her light-brown hair was cut short, its ends hugging her jawline, while her emerald green eyes sparkled with a delightful ease. Her peach-colored mouth was soft and inviting and was held in a pleasant, friendly smile.

"Uh, sure," I said, unsure of who this person was but happy to have someone, particularly a woman as attractive as this, join me.

She gracefully slid into the empty chair next to mine, setting her purse on the floor next to her boot-covered feet. She crossed her legs, the small slit in the side of the skirt giving me a wonderful view of their length in the process, before looking at me.

"My name's Kendra," she said, extending her hand.

"Kyle," I replied, giving her hand a shake. I noticed her nails were tastefully long and well manicured but with no nail polish. I liked the look and caught myself as I realized I was holding her hand a bit longer than normal.

"Sorry about that," I apologized as I gave her hand back.

"That's ok. Not many guys notice my nails." She smiled easily, her eyes staring into mine for a moment before glancing out into the room.

"This is going to sound odd but, do I know you?" I asked.

She looked at the table and laughed before throwing her head back and answering.

"No, you don't know me. I was simply out by myself and saw someone who looked like they could use some company. I don't normally do this kind of thing but you look. . ." She paused, searching for the right word before uttering, "harmless."

Harmless? Was that an insult or a compliment? I always liked to think that I could hold my own in a fight but to be called harmless didn't help my ego.

"Harmless, huh? How do you know I'm not some crazed killer on the loose?"

"You don't look like a crazed killer," she countered playfully.

"And what exactly does a crazed killer look like?" I asked.

"I don't know. I've never met one," she continued. "But you don't look like the type."

I stared into her green eyes, trying to think of a good response but decided to change subjects instead.

"So Kendra, what brings you here?"

"I'm just out for the evening. Same as you I suppose."

She had me there. I was just out for the evening.

"Are you from around here?" I inquired.

"Not really. I just moved here from Colorado. I'm still getting my bearings on these crazy streets."

"Yeah, they are crazy, aren't they?" I agreed. "I've never been to a place where you can have five streets meet at one location and not have two of them meet at a ninety degree angle."

Kendra laughed, nodding her head in agreement.

The server returned and looked confused. When she last left there was only one person at the table but now there were two.

"Um, sorry," I blurted out, "this was unexpected. Could you give us a few more minutes to decide?"

She acquiesced and left the two of us to figure out what to eat. I handed the menu to Kendra, having settled on a hearty meal of stew and potatoes, and waited patiently while she made up her mind. She didn't take long and laid the menu next to her which was the signal for the waitress to return.

We each gave our order, my beer having been delivered when the waitress previously returned, and settled back into a lively back and forth banter. We gave up a little of our respective lives to one another, just enough to whet the appetite but not enough to spill our life's story. Though I was famished, I ate slowly and listened to her story, taking a drink now and then of my second beer while she was content with water.

We stayed at the table for over two hours before she suggested we go walk around the city to work off the evening's meal. Who was I to object? Grabbing my coat from behind the chair I waited as Kendra retrieved her purse. I was able to get a good look at her and saw that the equestrian-style boots she wore, in combination with her skirt, gave her legs an elongated look. Unconsciously, I stared at them for a few moments, taking in their sight before she pushed her chair in and moved to the front of the table.

Standing there, I was able to see that her outfit was designed to show off her willowy figure to its full extent. In fact, there was a presence about her which spoke of refinement. Why I thought that I couldn't be sure but there was something about her that was pushing me to find out more. 

Though I insisted I would pay for her meal, she refused to accept the offer and handed me enough money to cover her portion. The cost of doing business she said.

We left and made our way back towards Faneuil Hall. Though the night air was sharper than when I had started out, the alcohol and the presence of a body next to me kept me warm. As we walked I was unsure as to whether she was being friendly because she felt sorry for me being by myself or if she was going for something more. In either case it didn't matter because spending the evening with her was enjoyment enough. It was nice not having to spend the night alone in a new city.

Kendra didn't seem fazed by the cool air and refused the offer of my coat. She said the tingling of the air thrilled her and she liked these types of evening compared to the warmer ones that would arrive in a few months.

As the night wore on we drew closer and eventually were walking hand-in-hand through the small groups of people who, like us, were still out. We stopped in front of a few bars to listen to the music coming from within but didn't linger long.

"What are you doing the rest of the evening," Kendra turned and asked me.

"Well, I thought I'd wander around some more before heading home to my single guys apartment," I quipped.

"How about some coffee?" she asked. "Hot chocolate, maybe, to get the chill out?"

Now that sounded good. I hadn't had hot chocolate since I was a kid but just the sound of it brought back warm memories.

"Sure, hot chocolate sounds good," I said.

With that she led me to the nearest 'T' station and we headed to wherever she led me. I don't remember the station we got off at but merely followed her to her place, a brownstone, similar to mine. As we walked up the stairs I glanced up and got a good look at her legs and a bit under her skirt. Her legs seemed even longer than before and I noticed the smoothness of her thighs as she took each step.

Her place was on the first floor and faced the street. My first thought when we entered was that it seemed to be a bit larger than mine. There was a definite feminine look to it as everything was neat and orderly and I could smell the faint scent of flowers. It almost seemed to be a picture from a design catalog with the frilly curtains and pillows strategically placed.

"You can hang your coat on the back of the door," she told me as she disappeared into the kitchen, her boots thumping solidly on the wooden floor. I followed her instructions then wandered into the living room. The large sofa faced a fireplace which didn't seem to have ever been used. My eyes roved about, taking in the scene, when Kendra's voice broke me out of the daze.

"Why don't you sit down and we can talk while the water heats up," she said from behind me.

I looked at her and saw she had that smile on her face again, warm and inviting, making me at ease. I dutifully sat down and she followed. She didn't remove her boots but tucked her legs under her body, her left arm resting on the back of the sofa, her head cradled in her hand. I mimicked her stance though I crossed my legs at the hips rather than tucking them under me.

I looked at her legs in this position and liked what I saw.

"What are you thinking?" she asked, noticing my stares.

"Uh, nothing. Besides, you don't know me well enough to be asking that question."

"Oh really?" she inquired, her curiosity piqued. "Try me." Her soft voice in the quiet room seemed to be nothing less than an invitation.

I hesitated, unsure if I should tell her what I was really thinking but decided she already knew what I was thinking so there was no point in denying it.

"Ok, you asked," I relented. "I find you very attractive Kendra. You seem to have everything together and. . . ."

At that moment she leaned in and kissed me, cutting off my words and sending a surge of hormonal lust through me. My body automatically responded and in a moment our arms and hands were wrapped around one another, our bodies locked as one. My hands toyed with her satiny hair, my fingers running through it but not wanting to let go.

Our embrace was interrupted by the whistling of the teapot as the water came to a boil. We both looked towards the kitchen but it was Kendra who acted first. She walked to the kitchen where she removed the pot from the burner and turned the stove off before returning to the sofa. She held out her hand which I took and she pulled me along through the room and into her bedroom.

The room was just as neat as the rest of her place. The few bits of furniture present were made of dark wood and the bed itself was a four poster. She slid the light switch on the wall until it seemed as if a collection of candles were casting their glow. She let go of my hand, took a few steps then turned and sat on the edge of the bed. She leaned back, her body supported on her elbows which were placed behind her, while her legs were crossed. To complete the image she had a 'come hither' look on her face which aroused my primal urges even further. The whole scene seemed to be unreal.

For whatever reason I fell to my knees in front of her, unwrapped her crossed legs and while holding her heel in one hand, ran my other hand up the length of her leg. My fingers slid across the leather of the boot and onto her silken leg, the material of the hose as smooth as anything I had ever felt. My hand continued its journey higher up her thigh until the tips of my fingers were under the hem of her skirt. I didn't stop but pressed on, higher up her inner thigh until I felt a roughness to the material. I extended my hand an inch or so further and with the tips of my fingers, found the top edge of her stockings. I loved this feeling, my finger between her stocking and her leg, but didn't want to hurry so I dragged my fingers back down her leg.

Kendra inhaled lightly at my touch and I saw her bite her lower lip and close her eyes. Releasing her boot I stood up and positioned myself between her now spread legs, held her head between my hands and leaned over to kiss her. She responded to me by wrapping her arms about me and pulling me onto her. Though an awkward position, half on, half off the bed, we stayed like this for a while until I felt her wiggling beneath me.

"Let me move up higher," she said in a quiet, sultry way. I lifted the weight of my body onto my hands and watched as she scooted her body fully onto the bed.

She bent to remove her boots but I stopped her and held one foot then the other in my hands. Each time she pulled her foot free she pointed her toes in that decidedly womanly fashion which gave an even more alluring look to her. With almost the entire length of her legs exposed to me I once again ran my hands over her as I knelt on the bed.

I started with her feet, noticing how her toenails were as well manicured as the nails on her hand. Her ankles were small and flowed into calves which were neither too muscular nor too skinny. My hands, now free to wander over much more of her, did just that. I let my fingers run up and down each leg, following the contours with a light touch of my fingertips. She let out small gasps now and then at my touch, giving me a small sense of satisfaction. I loved the feel of her stockings on her leg, their satiny goodness a thrill to hold in my hand. My eyes were wide as my hand roamed over her legs, legs which were toned to perfection and were as feminine as they came.

Kendra lay back on the bed, her head propped up on the pillows, allowing me to do what I pleased. Her hands were balled at her side clenching the sheets as each touch of my hand and fingers aroused her further. Occasionally she would jerk her leg or arch her back slightly as my fingers tickled her but my hand would instinctively clamp tight and not allow her to escape. She looked at me from under her eyes, her mouth partially open, her lips wet with joy.

Without notice she yanked the leg in my grasp free and sat up on her knees. As I went to move closer she held an arm out to stop me. I sat opposite her on the bed, my cock straining against my pants to be free as the excitement of her body in my gaze quickened my heart. I watched as she slowly and deliberately undid each of the buttons on her shirt, her eyes not leaving mine. She smiled as she ran her fingers down the front of her shirt and opened it just enough so I could see her white lace bra peeking out from below.

She ran her fingers up and down the front of her shirt several times, teasing me, taunting me. The smile on her face left no doubt that she was enjoying tormenting me. I wanted to rip the shirt from her body and ravage her but the look on her face told me that my time would soon arrive. I just had to hang on a few more moments.

Finally, after what seemed to an eternity, she spread her shirt wide, revealing to me the bra and the two bountiful breasts it held, her mouth open just enough to allow the tip of her tongue to peek through. She moved her tongue back and forth across her upper lip, almost as if she was tasting herself.

The fullness of her breasts were inviting to my eyes and I couldn't help but stare. Their graceful curves drew me in as her hands cupped the underside of her bra, gently pushing her mounds higher.

"Do you want these?" she asked coyly, knowing full well that at that moment I would do anything she asked.

"Yes," I breathlessly gasped, my pulse racing with delight. My groin ached as my cock begged for release. I wanted her like no other woman I had ever been with.

I watched in rapt fascination as her hands strayed across her breasts, her nipples visible beneath the thin material of her bra. She seemed to be teasing both herself and me, her chest heaving at her own touch, her breasts rising and falling in unison.

She moved her hands between her shirt and body and in one motion released the clasp of her bra. However, she didn't let the lingerie fall away from her. No, she teased me further by holding it against her body, the straps visible along her side. Her hand was now the only thing stopping me from seeing those heavenly orbs and I reached out to pull it away but again was rebuffed.

"Nuh uh," she said, wagging a finger in my direction yet still smiling. "You take off your shirt first."

With only a moments hesitation I removed my sweater, tossing it to the floor, and quickly followed by unbuttoning my shirt which soon found its place on top of the sweater. I sat there, my chest rising and falling with anticipation, wanting to see those feminine features so close yet so far from me.

Kendra moved closer to me and with her free hand ran her fingers through the hair on my chest. Her nails gently clawed at my skin, her fingers grazing my nipples. My body tingled at her touch. It had been so long since I was last with a woman, especially one as captivating as this.

Her hand moved across my body, up my neck and to my face. She leaned in to kiss me and at the same time dropped her hand holding her bra to her body. Her fingers played with my hair as our tongues danced in one another's mouth, our embrace one of two people who had found one another.
