 Author's note: While this story is entirely fictitious and no characters bear any relationship to any real person, its setting is factual. Queenstown, New Zealand, is recognized as the party capital of New Zealand on New Year's eve; fireworks are let off at midnight on a barge on the lake, and the skirts worn by the girls are the shortest that I have had the good fortune to observe, although I am uncertain of what is worn beneath. While I cannot guarantee that you'll experience the type of action there which I have described in the story, I'm sure it could be fun trying. Enjoy. 

**********************************

December 31st; the end of another year, beginning of a new year. New Year, new life, well, let's hope so. The past year had been pretty shitty. My long-term boyfriend left me a couple of months ago for some blonde bimbo who crooked her little finger at him; I got fired from my job a few weeks ago and was living on my meager savings, sharing a room in a hostel with Kirsty for a few nights in the party capital of New Zealand -- Queenstown. It's a place of amazing scenery, happy people, high cost of living and short, short skirts. Then there was me: staid, unfashionable, miserable, alone. 

I'd met Kirsty on the flight from LAX to Auckland, one of those fateful meetings in the random game of air travel, then we sat together again from there to Queenstown. We hit it off right from the start despite, or maybe because of, our differences. She was a street-wise solo-by-choice playgirl from LA while I was a naive, hard-working small town girl from the mid-west. She was sexually experienced with many men while I had only the experiences with my one and only ex to call upon. The differences were obvious when we changed out of our northern hemisphere winter outfits into our summer clothes in Auckland airport. I wore a simple cotton dress reaching from neck to knee while she wore a very low cut top over a pair of shorts that seemed to be painted on. 

Kirsty was about my size so on New Year's eve she loaned me one of her short dresses and suggested we go to the lakefront and hang out, pick up some guys, watch the fireworks and try to get laid, not necessarily in that order. I tried on the dress and paraded in front of Kirsty.

"I can't wear this!" I announced in no uncertain manner, "It hardly covers my butt. Look," I pointed to the hemline which ended a fraction of an inch below my ass cheeks, "It's only about a quarter of an inch decent. If I bend over even the slightest everyone will see my panties. "

"Well, the best way to prevent that is to not wear any," replied Kirsty with a laugh.

"Yeah, so then they'd see my hairy pussy and ass," I replied sarcastically.

"And?"

"And then they'd think I was a slut."

"Well, what's wrong with that It's new year, party time, so let them think that then when they proposition you you'll be able to prove it, one way or the other, your choice. Time to live a little, girl. You're only 20 once."

"You mean you'd let a guy pick you up just because he thought you were an easy lay because your hemline is too high to be decent?" I asked incredulously.

"Why not?"

I didn't have a ready answer.

"Anyway," continued Kirsty after noting my silence, "We can always fix the hairy part. Do you want me to shave your pussy like mine?"

As she said that she flipped her short skirt up then pulled her thong down to reveal her naked, shaved pussy, with a small patch of trimmed hair over her pubic bone.

"Like it?" she asked.

I did. My pussy flooded at the thought of parading my almost bare naked pussy around town 'hidden' only by the ultra-short dress. Suddenly I felt horny, a feeling which overcame all scruples. Whatever else happened tonight, I wanted to be fucked.

"Yes, very much. Can you please shave mine like that now?"

"Of course. Take your dress off and I'll do it now. I'll just collect my hair trimming gear and be in your room in a minute."

I went to my room and removed my borrowed dress, then lay on the bed. Kirsty arrived a couple of minutes later with her shaving gear and a sheet of plastic.

"Lift up," she ordered.

I lifted my hips and she slipped the plastic under my ass. 

"Right, so how much do you want left?"

"Just a little, like yours. Can you make it into a heart shape please?"

"Yeah, no probs. I'll use the clippers first then shave the short hair. Just lie there and relax; you'll have a beautiful looking pussy in almost no time."

I lay there and relaxed, hearing and feeling the warm buzz of the clippers as they removed the fleece from my mound. I spread my legs on request and Kirsty carefully trimmed the hair on my pussy lips, the vibrations and warmth, and the whole sexiness of this operation, making my juices flow copiously.

"Oh wow, are you ever wet!" commented Kirsty as she wiped away the excess lubrication.

It seemed to be only a few minutes until she fitted a new blade to her razor, then started shaving me closely, pulling the skin to cause the hairs to stand up as she expertly removed them. The feeling of her fingers and the gentle friction of the blade soon had me feeling soooo sexy. 

"Keep still," ordered Kirsty, "I can't shave you when you're humping your hips like that."

"I'm sorry. I didn't realize I was. It was just instinctive I guess because I feel so turned on."

"Hmmm. Do you wanna cum?"

"Oh yes, how I want to cum!"

Kirsty placed her razor on the side table and gently eased two fingers into my sopping cunt. She soon found my G spot and massaged that while at the same time gently massaging my clit with her other hand. It felt wonderful. Somehow I managed to just relax and accept the beautiful sensations as they coursed through my body, feeling my problems, grief, anger, loneliness leaving under Kirsty's expert fingers. I realized I was humping my hips but figured this was fine as she wasn't shaving me. Besides, I had great difficulty keeping them still.

I felt my orgasm approach, slowly, almost reluctantly, maybe because it had been so long. It was a deep welling up from my solar plexus, down to my groin and up to my head at the same time, getting closer, becoming more intense as Kirsty's magic fingers slowed down as she sensed my increased arousal. She was holding me in place, not letting me cum immediately, delaying my orgasm to build its intensity. 

I found myself writhing on the bed, moaning softly to myself, rolling my head from side to side. Kirsty reached up and pulled my bra cups off my breasts, then kissed each of my hardened nipples while continuing her ministrations to my pussy. Without changing her rhythm, she sucked each nipple into her mouth and bit gently on my nubs, each in its turn, over and over. 

I had never felt so aroused. Kirsty was far better at making love to me, at arousing me, than any man I'd met. I was soooo close, but still unable to cum. Kirsty held me like this forever, it seemed, my whole world condensed to my nipples and pussy, from which radiated unbelievably ecstatic sensations.

Suddenly she increased her motion, biting harder on my nipples, speeding up and increasing the intensity of both her fingers on my G spot and her massage on my clit. I couldn't hold back any longer and with a shriek I came, hard, humping her hand as my hips thrashed involuntarily on the bed, moaning loudly. The peak sensations lasted for hours, it seemed, and were then followed by a series of aftershocks which began at my pussy and jolted through my whole body, leaving my fingers and toes tingling.

Gradually I came down from my high as Kirsty slowed then stopped her movements. I lay there panting for breath, watching as she smiled at me then kissed my lips in a long, wet open-mouthed kiss, our tongues wrestling together. We broke our kiss after a very long time.

"You owe me one," she said huskily.

"I'll be very pleased to pay that debt whenever you wish," I smiled up at her.

"Some other time. Right now we've got to finish your pussy trim."

Kirsty wiped my pussy with a towel to remove surplus juices then continued with the shave, creating a beautiful short haired heart with the lower point just above my clit hood. When she'd finished she helped me off the bed and I looked at myself in the full-length mirror. My pussy looked so sexy. Eagerly I hugged Kirsty and kissed her again. She reached behind me and unfastened my bra.

"Dare you to be naked under your dress tonight," she grinned after we broke the kiss.

What did I have to lose? It took only a microsecond to reply.

"Yes, if you will too."

"OK, you're on."

Kirsty slipped her dress off her shoulders and removed her bra then pulled off her thong, tossing both garments on her bed. I pulled my dress on over my naked body, noting how I looked in the mirror. Sex personified! I also noticed that I smelt of sex.

"I need a shower 'cause I stink of sex."

"No, don't shower. It's sexy girl smell and really turns guys on. What turns guys off is sexy guy smell, but you have none of that -- yet. So don't go and drown it with perfume or anything, you'll have guys flocking to you when you smell like that."

"Oh. OK; you seem to be the expert in these matters."

"I am, trust me. Now, let's get out of here and take the town by storm."

We picked up our purses, not that we'd need them, said Kirsty, because guys would be flocking to buys us drinks, turned off the lights and went into the street. The first thing we noticed was that there were people everywhere, guys and gals, all about our age, all the gals wearing dresses that matched ours in hem height. I began to relax a little, then as a cooler breeze blew between my thighs, reminding me that I was naked and bare, I had a moment of panic. What if my skirt moved upward? I looked down to check; still in place, the elastic at the hem tucking neatly under my buttocks to hold it down. What if I dropped my purse or had to bend over? That'd give some guys a thrill. I might just as well have been naked.

We walked slowly through the throng of people to the lakeside. At least the crowd of people prevented some pervert from bending over to look up my dress. We walked alongside a building and stepped carefully around a couple of guys sitting on the footpath smoking a joint. Omigod, my pussy was at eye level, I thought. I turned around to see them both looking at us with broad grins on their faces. Maybe it was lucky they were too spaced out to follow us.

We sat at an outside table at a bar, carefully positioning ourselves so that we each blocked the distant view of the other's pussy. I could feel the bar stool against my bare ass and hoped that my skin was covered down to the stool; I reached behind and pulled the skirt downward just to be sure. A waiter came over and we ordered drinks. He looked down at us and his face coloured. I looked down at my dress and noticed it had worked its way upwards, clearly exposing my naked, newly shaved pussy and the lower half of the heart. I tried in vain to pull it further downward.

After he left with our order I whispered the problem to Kirsty.

"Yes," she replied, "I knew this would happen if we sat. Isn't it fun!"

I didn't reply. Before our drinks arrived a couple of guys, probably in their mid-twenties had eyed us up and received the 'come hither' look from Kirsty (I'll have to practice that look) and were sitting on the other two stools at the table, trying to make civilized conversation and not give the impression that they only had eyes for our tits. It must be hard being a guy sometimes.

When the waiter returned he handed us our drinks and one of the guys gave him a fifty and ordered beers for themselves. We found their names were Pete and Randy (rather apt, I thought) and they were on holiday from Australia. We introduced ourselves and then started talking more generally about weather and what we'd done in this area. They'd been jet boating and paragliding while we'd been mainly window shopping. We found they were staying in a fairly expensive hotel, which would undoubtedly be luxurious compared with our hostel. Their beers arrived, along with their change, which they waved away, probably to try to impress us. It worked.

I noticed Randy gently inching his hand closer to mine, while Pete was doing the same with Kirsty. The waiter returned and placed a bowl of chips on the table, compliments of the house, he told us while having a good look at our naked pussies from his superior position. Randy and Pete must have also noticed the direction his eyes took because they moved a little, leaning towards us so they could cop a sight of our unsupported breasts with their hard nubs pushing out the dress fabric. Shortly afterwards I noticed Randy adjusting his pants, presumably to reposition his hard cock.

All this time we'd been carrying out a conversation on trivial and mundane topics, as you do when sussing each other out. We finished our drinks and they offered us more but we refused, saying we wanted to walk and see some of the sights, meaning what other people were wearing. They asked if they could come along too and we agreed, then we all stood, Kirsty and I smoothing our dresses down quickly, but not quickly enough to prevent the guys from noticing our nakedness.

"Wow," commented Randy, "Are you completely naked under that dress?"

I blushed. "Yes," I murmured.

"Wow, that's so hot! Hey Pete, is your one naked under her dress too?"

Shit! I felt like I was being treated like a chattel; like cattle at an auction. Pete obviously asked Kirsty, who confirmed it, and then the moment passed. Randy and Pete put their arms around our respective waists and we walked through the throng again, careful to try to ensure that their hands did not raise the hems of our dresses.

The crowd thinned out at the lakeside as the fireworks weren't due to start for another half hour so they led us to a more secluded area where boats were moored and pulled us behind a shed. Randy twisted around so he faced me and gently bent to kiss me. Omigod, I'd only known him a matter of minutes and here was this guy, knowing I was naked under my very short dress, wanting to kiss me. Options ran through my head: kiss him back? Run like hell? Do nothing?

I bent my head back and kissed him as his lips met mine. He pressed his body against mine so I pressed back, feeling his long hard cock pressing into my belly. I wanted it inside me, now, but kept kissing him, allowing him to lead to who knows where. One of his wandering hands cupped my right breast, first through the fabric of my dress then, after pulling the shoulder strap off my shoulder, he cupped my naked breast, twisting and squeezing my nipple just as I liked. I moaned into his mouth. The I felt his other hand on my belly, working its way downward until her cupped my pussy, his fingers feeling for the entrance to my love tunnel in my crack. It felt so good; I felt so wet.

I looked sideways and saw that Kirsty was engaged in the same sort of activity with Pete, except that she'd undone his zipper and had her hand inside his trousers. I followed suit, lowering Randy's zipper and rubbing his erect member through his shorts. His kiss intensified and I pushed down the elastic of his waistband, then felt his naked cock come free. I wrapped my hand around it and jacked him a few times before reaching downward and cupping his balls, squeezing them gently then playing with them as they slipped and slid inside his sac. He moaned into my mouth, then whispered in my ear.

"I want to fuck you now."

"Mmmm, and I want you to, too."

He removed his hands and placed them under my bare ass cheeks, lifting me off my feet while still kissing me. I wrapped my legs around the outside of his thighs. I felt his hard cock drag down my belly then spring between my thighs. Then he started to lower me slowly, flexing his hips to position his cock head at my entrance. Finally it was in place and he continued to lower me. I felt his cock slipping inside me, further and further, as he gradually let me down until I was fully impaled on him. He was too tall for my feet to touch the ground properly; all I could do was stand on tip toes as the root of his cock pressed hard against my clit. It felt so good.

"How's that, sweetheart?" Randy whispered in my ear.

"Mmmmm, lovely. Oh darling, fuck me; cum inside me, please darling," I begged not knowing why I said it, just knowing it was what I wanted.

He pressed my back against the shed wall, the same shed wall that Kirsty's back was pressed against as Pete fucked her. Then he raised and lowered me while I held on around his neck, trying to control the speed and depth of his penetration but realizing that it was he, not I, who was in charge here.

After only a very short time I felt ready to cum, even despite my earlier huge cum this evening. I told Randy and he redoubled his efforts, thrusting deeply, rubbing his cock against my clit and spreading my ass cheeks with his hands so that I felt the cool air inside my tight asshole.

"Oh, darling, cum in me, fill me with your hot cum, squirt your potent seed in me."

He increased the speed and strength of his thrusts yet again and I then was there, cumming hard on his cock, a cock that I hadn't even met until a very short time ago. I felt his hot jets deep inside me as he spurted his potent seed against my cervix.

In a few seconds it was over. We relaxed against each other for a short time then he lifted me, withdrew his softening cock, and carefully placed me on my feet, holding me until he knew I was steady. I felt a mixture of our juices running down my thighs as he tucked his cock inside his pants and zipped them up.

I looked around to find that Pete was sitting on a bollard with Kirsty on his knee, kissing and cuddling while he caressed her exposed breasts. Randy and I joined them on a second bollard. I noticed that the juices flowing from both our pussies left puddles on the guys' trousers.

"Whew, that was intense," said Pete to Randy.

"Yeah, they sure are a couple of good fucks. Shall we invite them back to our rooms or find more? We could always swap."

Again I felt like they were discussing a cattle auction so I smiled at Kirsty and asked if we should go with these guys or see if we could find more who were gentlemen.

"You won't find gentlemen dressed like that," she grinned. "Anyway, these ones seem fine to me. Wanna swap later?"

I figured the old saying about a bird in the hand being better than one in the bush could be applicable to this situation so agreed that if they wanted us, we'd go with them. A short time later the crowd began counting backwards from ten. It was almost midnight; almost another year. For me, I hoped this year would bring joy, happiness and prosperity after the previous disaster of a year I'd had. However, right now, sitting on Randy's knee as the count continued, I didn't care.

"Three, two, one, happy New Year," blared the speakers all around the lake front.

I found myself standing with my stomach against a fence rail, looking across the lake, when the lights went out and the first fireworks exploded in the sky with a colorful burst of lights, followed by the sound of a loud explosion. Everybody, including me, was watching the fireworks when I felt a hand probing between my thighs, trying to open my pussy slit, and a voice in my ear whispered "Spread 'em.". 

Assuming it was Randy wanting more, I spread my legs apart as widely as I could and bent further over the rail, then felt the head of his cock probing my still well-lubricated cunt entrance. Quickly he slid in, pushing in to the hilt, then fucking me gently while his hand found my clit after raising the front of my dress hem. The combination of his fucking, the stimulation of my clit and the sheer audacity of him fucking me surrounded by many thousands of people was overwhelming and it took only a few minutes for me to cum, followed quickly by his spurt of sperm into my cunt. He held me close, then withdrew his cock and whispered a thank you into my ear, barely audible above the noise of the fireworks display. Inside I had a fireworks display of my own as I contemplated what had just happened as he kept his arms around me.
