 It was a clear, cold, quiet night just after Christmas. I was waiting impatiently for Stephen, a fellow teacher, to stop by my house to finish a report we had to do for the school budget. Normally I would have been nervous with anticipation- it had been a long time since I had been with a man and Stephen was just what I needed. Not a stud, but definitely my type- tall, broadshouldered, not skinny but not fat, always in need of a haircut and with a lopsided grin that reminded me of a little boy. Although in his thirties, he still dressed in a college boy's button-downs and khakis and always looked a little rumpled. 

This year, though, I had resolved to stop pining for men who were unavailable, and Stephen had made it clear to the faculty (mostly horny single women like me) that he was too devastated by a divorce to be interested in us. Not much good to me, I thought as I surveyed my reflection and assessed myself. Just past 30, good shape- 34C, with a waist that went in and hips that went out, midlength dark blonde hair, grey eyes, and great legs, if I said so myself- it was the one feature I was always happy with. Still, much good it did me with Stephen. I sighed and turned away from the mirror, wondering why I bothered with a short skirt and tight sweater, and reminded myself I was dressed to please myself, not some divorce-burned coworker.

When he appeared at the door, I had to smile. Stephen's grin always had that effect on me. He handed me a bottle of wine. "Might as well make the budget report as painless as possible," he said. I gestured him to the couch and opened the wine as he spread the papers on the coffeetable.

An hour later, the work was done. "That was easier than I thought," he said. "Well, the wine must have sped things along," I replied as I held up the bottle and noticed we had emptied it. He caught my wince as I began to gather the papers. "What's wrong?" he frowned. I smiled ruefully and rubbed my shoulder. "A little too much holiday decorating," I said, "I pulled a muscle and it hasn't quite recovered."

"Let me see what I can do." He slid across the couch and turned me away from him, massaging the joint with his thumbs. Damn, I thought as my shoulder melted under his touch. Why can't he use those skills on the rest of me?

"Better?" he asked after a few minutes. I opened my eyes, not realizing I had shut them, or that I had leaned my body back against him. "Mmmhmm" I said, embarrassed. I noticed he didn't pull away. In fact, I felt his breath on my shoulder as his fingers slowed down. I let out a sigh when his lips touched my neck.

I was afraid to move in case this was all a mistake, but as his lips began to travel upward, I realized this was really happening. My head leaned back against his shoulder and I reached back to bury my fingers in his hair as his mouth reached my jaw, then behind my ear. When he began to suck my earlobe and tug it gently with his teeth, I moaned. It had been so long since a man had touched me, and I had wanted this man for months.

I swiveled to face him and my mouth found his. Our tongues dove into each other as he pulled my sweater over my head. He tore his mouth away and looked at me, first into my eyes, then slowly downward, to where my hardened nipples were straining against the lace of my bra. I shivered as he traced a line with one finger down my throat, between my breasts, around the lace and finally, in a circle around my nipple. I wanted him to devour me but felt frozen. He lowered his mouth to my breast and took nipple in his teeth as he reached around and unhooked my bra. As he slid it off, he took more and more of my breast in his mouth. I groaned and arched toward him, pulling him against me. God, it was good to feel his mouth, tongue, teeth on my swollen, aching breast. 

He sucked my breast gently at first, then greedily, pulling the nipple with his teeth then sucking as much of the breast as he could cram into his mouth. I tore his shirt from him, desperate to touch his skin. He knelt in front of me, moving his mouth to my right breast, and I wrapped my legs around him, feeling a chill as my panties got wetter. One of his hands played with my left breast as the other began a journey up my leg. 

He stopped and lifted his head when his hand reach the top of my stocking. "Why, what's this?" he asked in mock surprise. Lifting the hem of my skirt he exposed my garter belt. "Very sexy," he murmured, tracing its outline. I lowered my head until the bangs covered my eyes. I was a little embarrassed- would he think I had planned this? He lifted his head and kissed me, his lips gentle but insistent as his hands unfastened and slid off my skirt, then my shoes, then the garter belt and stockings. He pulled me forward, never interrupting the kiss, and I sighed as my body touched his naked chest.

He kissed my mouth, cheeks, jaws, neck as I unbuckled his belt and pants and pushed them downward. I pulled him up beside me on the couch as I quickly disposed of his pants, shoes and socks. He lay on the couch and I crawled up between his legs, running my hands up his shins and thighs. I leaned down and took the waistband of his underwear in my teeth, lifting it over the bulge and pulling them down and off. I knelt over him, gazing down at his beautiful, hard cock. "God, you're big," I said, then realized I had said my thought aloud. A drop of precum shone on the tip, and I touched it, then licked it off my finger. Stephen moaned and moved beneath me. 

I bent down and licked his shaft from the base to the tip, following the line of his vein. I circled the tip with my tongue, then wrapped my lips around the head. I've never understood women who have a problem with oral sex- I love sucking on a throbbing dick. I fondled his balls with my right hand while flicking his hard nipple with my left. I took his cock in and out of my mouth, taking a little more with each suck until the entire length was sliding in and out of my lips. I moaned with pleasure and moved my hand to massage the area behind his balls. "Wait," Stephen grunted. I drew my head up to look at him.

He reached down and pulled my upward, kissing me. "I want to be inside you," he whispered in my ear. "Oh yes," I sighed. I straddled him and he guided his thick throbbing dick into my dripping pussy. His strong hands wrapped around my waist and pulled my hips up and down as he thrust deeper and deeper inside me. I put my hands on his shoulders and jammed against him, forcing him further inside. I felt his balls bouncing against my ass as I arched back. Involuntarily my head began tossing back and forth as I called out "Yes...yes....oh GOD yes...." 

Stephen was groaning as his thrusting became more urgent. He slid one hand to my breast, twisting the nipple, while the other moved to my clit, which was throbbing. I began to pant as he stroked me. I reached under him to squeeze his ass, pulling him deeper than I thought a man could reach....deeper...harder...stronger...and with a cry, Stephen came, gushing his cum like a hot fountain in my core. I squeezed my cunt around him, tightening as he pulsed. He rolled my clit between his fingers and I screamed as a powerful orgasm shattered through me. I collapsed against his chest, our sweaty bodies fitting together. 

After recovering his breath, Stephen leaned up on one elbow. He looked down at me with that lopsided grin. "Did I mention my New Year's resolution to move on?" he asked. 

"Happy to help," I murmured and pulled him into my arms.