 After we had cleaned up the best we could, Kathy gave me a quick kiss and a rub on my cock for luck. She headed out the door and I collapsed into my chair. What a morning. Then I felt a quick twinge of conscience. I had committed adultery. Don't get me wrong, I still love my wife, but I have needs that she was unwilling to supply. And what a substitute I had found! Another thought pounded at my brain. What if Kathy was falling for me? There's no way I could get a divorce and marry her. I quickly decided to take action. 

I turned in my chair, picked up the phone and dialed Kathy's extension.

"Yes?"

"Kathy, do you mind coming in here for a moment please and bring the Jackson Oil file with you," I said in my best executive voice.

"Yes, sir."

A minute later she came into my office and handed me the file. She had a light smile on her face and was blushing slightly.

"I think we need to talk, Kathy," I said quietly.

"I agree."

"I really enjoyed our talk this morning, but I think we need to discuss the future."

"Okay," she said, frowning a bit.

"First off, I think you're a special person and you always will be, especially now."

"Thank you. I feel the same way about you. But, if you don't mind, can I say something before you get into what you were going to say?"

"Sure."

"I really felt badly about myself before I came in here this morning. And you've made me feel wonderful in all the right ways." She paused and smiled at me. "But I don't want you to think that I'm in love with you or anything like that. I don't think we're a good fit. I love my husband, just not sexually."

I breathed out in relief and said, "That's exactly what I was going to tell you."

"I'm glad to hear that, Mr. Brant."

"I think you've earned the right to call me Charles. At least in here."

She chuckled and leaned across the desk to whisper, "But I do feel like we fit together in another way."

"I know that's right," I said and laughed.

"I also wanted to tell you that I'm ready to begin our journey into this new world you talked about earlier."

I felt my cock jump and said, "I'm glad to hear you say that, Kathy. After this morning, I think we make a good exploration team. We've both been held at port for far too long."

She quickly rubbed her nipples while looking me straight in the eye, "I'm anxious for our next adventure."

"Well, let's set our course. What did you have in mind?"

"What kind of limits do we have?"

"None," I said. "Everything is permitted as long as you're comfortable."

"Same goes for you."

"Good, I'm glad to hear that. Why don't we both go home tonight and think of what we want to do and meet again in the morning and see what we've got in mind."

She closed her eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. "There's so much to think about."

"I know."

"And I am so horny right now I'm afraid I'll rub up against the copy machine when I'm making copies and scandalize the office."

I got a quick mental picture and my cock jumped again. "I'd love to see that."

She wet her lips with her perfect tongue and said, "Follow me in about five minutes if the coast is clear." She got up and walked quickly out of the office hypnotizing me with her walk.

Luckily, it was lunch time and the office was quiet. The copy room was located on the main floor of the office down a long hallway away from the other offices. The copy machine was so loud and not much copying went on anymore because most of our documents were now scanned so the room was rarely used.

As I walked down the hallway I heard the copying machine running. When I entered the room, Kathy had her legs spread and was pressed up against the corner of the machine. She had one hand caressing her breasts and the other was rubbing her ass under the pink mini skirt.

"Oh, God, this feels so good!"

I instantly had a hard on so I dropped my pants and underwear and pushed against her from behind. She grabbed my cock and her hand matched the rhythm of the machine as she rubbed me urgently.

"Fuck me," she whispered urgently.

Always the gentleman, I obliged the lady. She guided me in and gasped in delight. I reached around and massaged her breasts, tweaking her nipples. She turned her head and we tongue kissed rapidly. Suddenly, she backed up causing me to hit the wall and drive deeper. She moaned in ecstasy and bent over and grabbed her ankles. I put my hands on her ass cheeks and spread them to get a better view at the field I was plowing. I watched my cock plunge in and out and listened to the beautiful sound of flesh hitting flesh. She was sopping wet and it was feeling unlike anything I had felt with my wife. I felt my balls start to tighten and said, "I'm going to cum!"

Kathy spun around and took my cock into her mouth. She looked me directly in the eyes as I started the gush parade. She was taking it all and swallowing, never letting me leave her mouth until the spasms stopped. She stood and smiled at me, "You taste even better now than earlier."

My answer was to grab her and bring her closer to me. Our lips came together and mouths opened as we kissed and I tasted that salty sweet flavor of my spunk. I stepped back and we hugged. 

"Not bad considering we haven't left the docks yet," she said as she bent over and pulled up my underwear and pants. She gave my cock a little kiss and finished re-dressing me. "There, all better."

"Thanks, Kathy, you're amazing."

Out of nowhere, the office intercom buzzed. "Mr. Brant, your wife is here. She's waiting in your office."

"Shit," I said and felt the room start to toss and turn. It seemed like the voyage to the new world was encountering a hurricane before we even cast off.