 The holidays are almost over much to our delight. It has been a long and exhausting few weeks. But at last it's New Year's Eve. The end of the holiday season for now. With all of the running around and holiday preparations we have done we have had much time for us, so we decide to stay home and have a nice quiet peaceful evening.

I'm just about to leave work for the day so I can take the kids to their grandparents house for the weekend, when a messenger comes into my office with an envelope that looks pretty important. I sign for the envelope and the messenger is on his way. The envelope has no name on it as to who sent it. I open the envelope and begin to read the contents and find it is not what I would have ever expected at all. Inside the envelope was a note, a hotel room key and rose petals. The note was short and to the point --- "Meet me at the Plaza Hotel at 8 o'clock!" with no name on it. The hotel room key had no room number on it. And the scent of the rose petals filled the air in my office. I put everything back into the envelope and gathered my things and left the office.

I drove to the school and picked up the kids and headed for my parents house to drop them off, since we had already loaded their things into the car this morning. We arrived at my parents house and unloaded the kids overnight bags. I only stayed for a few minutes til the kids got settled in. 

All day long I was planning to make a quick stop on the way home to pick up a special surprise for that night. I glanced at my watch as I left my parents house and figured that I still had enough time to make that quick stop and still get home in time to slip into a nice hot bath before having to be at the hotel tonight. So on my way home I stopped at this little neighborhood boutique for that little something special I had been thinking about. Then I headed home to relax for a while before heading to the hotel. I pulled into the driveway and parked in the garage. As I entered the house the scent of roses filled the air. And as I glanced down to put my package on a hallway chair, I see that there is a path on the floor that leads to the stair case of rose petals, just like the ones in the envelope. As I follow this path of petals up the stairs it leads me to the door to our bedroom, and once I open the door I see it goes even further, all the way up to and on to the bed where there sits a white box with a big red ribbon and bow on top, along with another note that reads "Here's a little something for you to wear this evening." I open the box to find a short red dress with spaghetti straps. I think to myself that this will go great with the surprise that I had just picked up.

I walk into the bathroom and start the water running for a bath. And add a few drops of vanilla scented bubbles. While the tub is filling up I light some of the scented candles that we have in the bathroom and then walk back into the bedroom and turn on a cd of soft relaxing music. Then I remove my shoes and work clothes and slip into my satin robe. I grab a small overnight bag from the closet and begin to pack a few things that might be needed for later on or in the morning.

I walk back into the bathroom, turn the water off and remove my robe. I then slip into the warm bubbly water and immediately feel my body begin to relax. The water covers my body like a glove and the bubbles feel like tiny massaging fingers. Eventually the water begins to cool. I climb out of the tub as thoughts of what tonight may bring come to mind. I head into the bedroom and begin to get ready for this evening.

It's about 7 o'clock and I get into my car and head for the hotel. When I arrive at the hotel, the valet opens my car door and hands me a ticket, while welcoming me to the Plaza. Then the doorman opens the front door to the hotel as he says "Good Evening, Welcome to the Plaza." I enter the lobby but do not see you anywhere. I wait a few minutes to see if you arrive before heading to the registration desk to find out what room this key belongs to. After about 10 minutes when I don't see you anywhere around, I head for registration, and the clerk tells me that the key goes to the Penthouse Suite. I thank her and decide to wait a few more minutes for you. When I don't see you still, I head for the elevator. I step inside the elevator and go to push the button for the penthouse suite, but instead I find a slot next to the words penthouse suite, so I assume that this is where I insert the key that I had been given.

The elevator doors open and as soon as you step out of the elevator your inside the suite. The air is filled with the scent of fresh roses from all of the scattered petals upon the floor. Soft music fills the air. There are candles burning and a champagne bucket next to the bed. The room is only lit by the flames of the candles that burn. I walk towards the balcony doors to see the view of the city. As I open the doors, I notice you standing there by the railing holding 2 glasses of champagne in a black tuxedo. I step out onto the balcony. And you hand me a glass of champagne as you kiss me and tell me hello. First your lips meet my lips, then my neck and ears, as our arms wrap around each other. We release our embrace to toast the night. Then we head back inside.

Suddenly our song begins to play and you take my hand in yours and ask if you could have this dance. Of course I accept and you pull me closer to you and we dance for what seems like hours, just intertwined in each others arms, our bodies touching thru fabric and the heat beginning to build deep within us. When our song ends I notice 2 thick white fluffy bathrobes laying on the large four poster brass bed behind us. Suddenly you ask me if I would like to go for dinner or just have some room service brought up. And I suggest that we just have some room service because I have a surprise for you. You walk over to the phone and order a variety of main courses and desserts as well as more champagne. As you hang up the phone, you begin to hear some music that has a little bit more of a seductive tone to it, and turn towards me, to find me standing only a few inches from you. And as you move slightly to kiss me, I gently place my fingers to your lips and tell you to have a seat on the bed. 

As you sit on the bed, I back up a little and begin to dance seductively to the music that's playing. slowly I begin to remove the red dress you bought for me, revealing my little surprise for you, a strapless red satin and lace bra and panty set. I remove the barrette from my hair and allow it to fall freely over my shoulders as I run my fingers thru it. Before they reach for the latch of my bra, but don't, not wanting to show you to much all at once. With my other hand I move it slowly to the waist band of my panties and run a finger under the elastic as if I am about to remove them, but instead I decide to wait. I can tell that you are getting more and more excited with every more I make. I inch closer to you, bend down, and kiss you as I reach for one of the robes that lay behind you. I stand back up and begin to put the robe on and tell you that it is your turn, as the same song begins to play again.

You stand up as I sit down on the bed. You begin to slowly remove your tuxedo. First your jacket, then your tie, and shirt as you sway your hips back and forth, slowly, seductively. Then you begin to more your fingers down to your waist band and begin to unbutton your pants, then unzip them and let them fall to the floor, exposing your hard as rock lock muscle, since you have chosen to eliminate underwear from your attire this evening. Just as you begin to dance your way towards me, there's a knock and a person announcing that room service was here. You grab the other robe and head to met the room service attendant. The attendant wheels in a large table with tons of covered plates upon it, followed by another table with what looked to be a wide assortment of desserts and fruits. Once the room service attendants leave, we sit down and enjoy a delightful meal, all the while tempting and teasing each other from across the table.

Once our dinner is complete we decided to have another drink on the balcony. We slip out onto the balcony. We toast to the New Year. Then you move behind me as we look out over the city. I begin to feel your lips on my neck and your arms come around the front of my waist. Then I feel your hands slide up to my chest and slip inside my robe, and gently massage my breasts thru the lace of my bra, as you turn me to face you. You open my robe a bit as you kiss me. You then begin to work your way down my neck on you way to the rest of my body. You stop at my breasts and begin to run your tongue over my nipples thru the lace fabric as your hands find there way around me and grab my ass and pull me closed to you. We begin to work our way back inside the suite and over to the bed. Once at the bed you tell me that you will be right back and go and get the dessert cart and move it to the side of the bed. Then you make your way back to where you were a moment ago, and your hands find their way to the clasp of my bra and unhook it, allowing it to fall to the floor. Then you run your tongue down my body til you reach my panties which you gently take between your teeth and begin to remove, once you get them to the middle of my thighs your hands take over as your tongue takes over where it had left off, and as it works its way down, it finds a warm inviting area between my legs to disappear in for a while. 

Unable to stand anymore we both fall upon the bed. You place my arms are above my head, You whisper in my ear "I love you. Yes, I am the man you know so well. The man who adores you." 

You start kissing me passionately, covering my mouth with yours, our tongues probing. Your lick my lips, and nibble at my ears, before kissing and licking my neck and shoulders repeatedly. I reach for some chocolate covered strawberries and dip them into the smooth whip cream. I offer you a bit and you accept it without question. You then reach over and pick up a piece of cheesecake and bring it to my lips and as I take a bit some of it falls between my breast and right away you follow it and remove it with your tongue. As you do this, I reach for the bowl of whip cream and bring it between us, moving your robe aside and dip your hard hot throbbing love muscle into the whip cream covering your entire length. Then slowly I push you back so that your laying down and I begin to remove every bit of whip cream as you moan softly. Once all of the whip cream is removed, you sit up and reach for another bowl from the cart as you gently lay me back onto the bed and open my robe completely. You then tip the bowl in your hand and begin to drizzle melted chocolate all over my body, followed by your fingers adding whip cream. All the while that your adding the whip cream and mixing it with the chocolate, your massaging my body. Then you lean in and begin to remove all of the dessert from my body, teasing and taunting as you do so.

Then you take your cock in your hands, as you move up my chest, above me, and slide your cock over my lips, back and forth, and I open them so that I can run my tongue over you and suck on you for a minute, but not too long... And then you tracing my body with your cock. My face, neck and shoulders, breasts and nipples. When you slide off me, it's to rub your cock through my pussy, which is moistening nicely... Mmmmm, a nice prelude..... We both moan softly.

Your hands soon find my pussy, exploring your outer and inner lips, now slick. You slide your hands over my breasts. Then your fingers into my mouth, it turns you on to see me taste myself. 

Your mouth caressing mine, kissing, probing, exploring. Down to my nipples, sucking, tongue circling, licking... And my nipples swell even more, becoming harder and even more sensitive. Your teasing me, pulling your mouth away often. Ohhhh, my nipples long to be sucked. 

Just then your mouth moves to my pussy, you do so many things that you know I like. You kiss me softly, all over my mound and lips, and you start probing me with your tongue. You spread my legs wide and start licking upwards, slowly, so slowly... Taking all the time in the world. At first, you just explore my wet folds... But after several agonizing minutes, my clit is begging to be kissed, licked, sucked. you start brushing your tongue against it, ever so gently... Then you pull my soft lips with your mouth, sliding your tongue along them. And then a little more action for my clit, and that sweet, wet opening. You tell me "Ohhhhh, you taste so delicious!" Now you thrust deep inside my delicious pussy every time you pass my hot, wet opening. 

Before long, my moans are coming fast and furious. Mmmmmmmm, a wonderful orgasm is approaching, my pussy warm, tingling, ready. Delicious waves are building, flowing from my clit to every part of my body. Your taking me there so slowly, I feel an equal measure of frustration and gratitude.

"Ohhhh, a little more, baby." I gasp. "I'm just about there, Ohhhh. Feels so good, it feels so good."

But you stop. I can't believe you stopped, and moan with disappointment. Then you start again with your hands, exploring my pussy, I feel the tension subside momentarily. But its soon rekindled by your soft purposeful touches to my pussy and clit. You know it feels good to me because you can tell by the way my body moves to your touch.

I can feel it, it's so close. So real, so near, an overwhelming orgasm... I feel that one lick of my clit would do it. If only you would just use your fingers, or mouth, or best of all your hard cock. NOW!

But no NO You begin kissing me again as I plead with you "Please baby, please.... Make me come... I need to get off, Please!" The orgasm, so close, starts to dissolve.

"Soon, soon..." you promise. But it can't come soon enough for me. 

You kiss all over my body, letting your mouth linger on my neck, breasts, nipples. You let me suck your cock for a minute, before lightly kissing my pussy. My pussy crying out for a cock, your cock. I NEED your long, hard cock in me NOW!

But you tease me, unbearably for about another 30 minutes.

I so wet that your long thick cock slides in so easily, and I feel your weight against my pussy. Your hips, strong and flexible, are driving your cock into my pussy hard and fast. Ohhh, after so long, such a build up, this feels so good, I pull you in tighter, make you pump faster. I want to feel every inch of your long, hard cock.... Ohhhh it feels so huge as it dives into my hot pussy again and again, mercilessly. And then I realize that my orgasm didn't dissolve, it's there, waiting.... A delicious warm sensation, flowing through my body. 

"Oh God, harder deeper Baby, ohhh. Please Make me cum." And you feel my pussy, so wet and wonderful, so silky and warm, squeezing you.

And I cum, so hard, the pleasure is overwhelming, wave after wave. Deep, powerful.

But you don't stop. Now that I've had one orgasm, you want to see more. You focus on making love to every part of my body with every part of your body. More, you want more. I'm are so turned on, so ready to cum once again.....

Your strong abdominal muscles are flexed and working hard, your cock thrusting into my drenched pussy. And then you slow down. With your arms, you lift your body off of mine, and with each stroke, you leave my pussy until all but the very tip of your long, hard cock, is all that is left inside me. And then enter me again until your cock is buried deep inside of me, and my pussy holds you tightly.

Again and again, each time slower than the last, but each time, our moans grow louder and louder. And I'm there with you, at the edge of another orgasm to make me tremble. Until you thrust yourself inside of me. I feel your muscle erupting, filling my pussy with your hot, slippery cum. Just as I am taken over the edge to another body trembling orgasm. This one is even better. So deep, so incredible. Every nerve in my body firing, and I cum so hard, Thinking I might pass out. It goes on and on, and I ride the wave forever. A feeling of wonderful release, so complete and satisfying.

As my orgasm subsides, once again I feel pressure between your legs, on my pussy. Ohhh, my God, your in my pussy, sliding your tongue along my lips, massaging my clit. You caught me completely by surprise. I didn't think my body was able to continue. But the excitement begins where my last orgasm ended, and builds. The thought of you licking OUR cum thrills me. Wonderful spurts of pleasure course throughout my body. You take two fingers, sliding into my pussy repeatedly. Your fingers thrusting in and out of my pussy, and your mouth surrounds my clit. Sucking my swollen pearl into your mouth, tongue fluttering against it.

And I find heaven, overcome with orgasms so intense and so deep that I feel like pure, liquid energy. My body lifting off the bed, praying that your tongue will never leave my clit.

The next thing I know is that you have me in the tightest embrace I have ever felt. And we kiss, deeply. And just when you think we're done, I break our embrace long enough to find your long, hard cock with my mouth. My tongue sliding all over the thick head, wanting to taste you. And soon your moaning, as you muscle disappears down my throat. Your fingers quickly find my clit, you rub my clit while I suck on your love muscle. And soon your shaking with pleasure. We're both so close, our bodies in a wonderful sexual heaven. I pull my mouth away, so you can see your cum spurt into the air, landing on your stomach and love muscle. Hot and white. my tongue finds every last drop.

We wrap our arms around each other and move on to the pillows of the bed, you glance at the clock to see that its 12:02 am, and we both realize that we will always remember this New Year's Eve, and exactly how it was that we felt at exactly midnight. Sharing an overwhelming, body shaking orgasm at the stroke of midnight, who could ask for a better way to ring in the new year.