 This definitely wasn't one of my favorites. I wrote it from a combination of different experiences. Both being the exhibitionist and the voyeur. I tried to capture the excitement of both but for some reason.. well, why don't you read for yourself and you let me know. :)

As always, I *LOVE* feedback. I'll throw in a kiss for every feedback I get. ;)

Be well and safe! Vic 

* * * * *

He led her down the street. It was cold. He hope it would snow soon. He enjoyed the winter season more than any other. Aside from the way the city looked all covered in white, it seemed more quiet and peaceful. No hussle and bussle.

Tonight. It wasn't snowing. It was New Years Eve. People running around everywhere, trying to get to Times Square to see the ball drop.

When he had heard that she had wanted to go there, his heart dropped. He had wanted to stay in and celebrate the evening, the new year with her. Maybe some friends. 

Then she told him that he'd not regret it if he did. Not that he wouldn't have gone, but the incentive was definitely a great benefit.

So there they were, walking down the street. She had told him to find a certain street. He could not wait to leave the populated area near Times Square. It was amazing how people could spend the entire afternoon and evening waiting for the ball to drop. Of course, the obvious drinking going on was probably the reason people did that.

She looked at him as she followed him down the street. She could see the irritation in his expression. She smiled to herself, knowing what was to come. She had planned this for months. She talked to a few of her good friends, friends who were into this sort of thing. It was agreed that her plan would be perfect and that she'd enjoy herself.

He stopped at the cross streets she had told him to go to. He looked up at the sky. It was dark but there wasn't a cloud in the sky. The cold carried itself in the night time breeze. He shivered but he was not uncomfortably cold. It was a nice cold.

He smiled and turned towards her.

"What time are they meeting us here? It's getting late." He said.

"Oh, don't worry. They'll be here." she said, smiling at him.

He glanced at his watch and then looked up and down the street.

She grinned to herself as he looked up and down the street. She took a quick glance herself. It was getting late. Perfect, she thought. It seemed that most if not all the people are moving quickly as possible away from this area towards Times Square.

She leaned against the building and pulled him towards her. She saw that he was getting worried. She had told him that a few of their friends were meeting them here, then heading towards the restaurant where they have a reservation.

She turned him towards her as she pulled him closer. She smiled up at him.

"What?" he asked as he leaned up against her.

"Nothing.." she said, "I'm just a little cold."

He smiled and leaned forward. He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her. He felt her return his kiss. 

They kissed like that for a while. How long, he couldn't tell.

"Oops." he heard someone say.

He pulled away from the kiss and saw a couple standing not two feet away from them.

"Sorry!" the woman with the guy said.

She smiled at them and said, "That's okay."

He smiled and watched them walk across the street. He turned back towards her and they both laughed.

She leaned forward and started kissing him again. Again, they kissed. Longer and more passionate. She found her tongue thrusting into his mouth and his lips surrounding her tongue. She moaned slightly.

He took her tongue into his mouth. He sucked on her tongue slowly. He enjoyed the feel of her body's warmth next to his. He enjoyed the cold night air. He felt every movement of their bodies.

She felt it then. Definitely a build inbetween their bodies. She reached a hand down between them and slid it across his tummy down. Her hand came to his hardness. She moved her palm down his length and then back up. She heard him moan at her touch.

She felt him lean closer against her. Her hand continued to move along his length.

He let go of her tongue and kissed her once more. He looked at her.

"You keep doing that and we won't be able to go to the restaurant." he said.

"I keep doing this," she said as she continued to stroke, "and *you* won't be able to go to the restaurant."

She laughed and kissed him again. She moved her hand away from his hardness and reached around to take one of his hands. She guided his hand down as she pulled his tongue into her mouth.

Her hand moved his hand down between them. She moved his hand between her legs and guided his movements up and down her area.

He felt the material of her clothes on his hand. He also felt the warmth of her vagina through her clothes. He pushed his tongue deeper into her mouth as his hand moved up and down along her. He felt her hand guiding his hand up and down. It felt more like her hand guiding his hand in a oval movement rather than straight up and down.

He moved his hand like this for a while, his body against her's. His tongue in her mouth. 

She moved her hips to accentuate his hand movements against her. She felt the heat rise in her and knew that she was about to reach a point of no return. She let go of his tongue.

While looking at him, she guided his hand up to her stomach. Then slid his hand down past the top of her skirt. She made sure to wear a skirt where the top could stretch and allow for a hand to reach between. She gasped as she felt his cool fingers against her hot skin. She moved his hand down past her panties.

He felt her. Her wetness and her warmth on his fingers. He fought the urge to thrust his fingers into her. He wanted to explore her. So he took the hint of her earlier guidance and moved his hand and fingers along her vagina.

His fingers moved down along her vagina, slightly spreading the folds. The wetness spread along his fingers and his hand. He moved his fingers up and as he reached her clit, his fingers circled around once. Sometimes twice, then he would move down again.

He found her looking at something past them. Her face still held a look of pleasure but it looked like she was concentrating on something else. He continued to move his hand and fingers up and down her vagina.

He shifted slightly and glanced back. He saw the couple that nearly ran into them across the street, near and under a street lamp. It was visually evident that they were doing something similar.

She grabbed his hand as she felt him starting to pull away.

"No, don't stop." she said.

She saw him glance at the couple once more and then back at her. She smiled at his look of reluctance. She spread her legs slightly and his fingers slipped in slightly. She gasped but held his hand against her. She continued to look at him as his hand started moving again.

He felt her hand move from his then. So he continued moving. He was worried about getting caught, but the feel of her and her insistance at continuing made him not want to stop. He felt her hand on his cock then. He looked left and right of the street then and saw that they were still alone. The couple still across the street, so he took a step to the side. This allowed him more room to manuever. He let his fingers slide along and between the folds of her vagina. His fingers moved down and into her. Then out and over her clit.

She moaned and tried not to close her eyes. She watched the couple across the street. So obvious there, standing under the light. They were in the shadow of the street. Other than her slightly vocal moans at the movements or insertion of his fingers, there was nothing to distinguish them if no one was looking directly at them.

She glanced at the couple again and saw the woman looking at them. She felt the thrill rise in her and felt her involuntarily move herself onto his fingers harder.

She heard now and saw that the woman was talking to her companion. She felt his lips on her neck then. Her eyes nearly closing as his lips sucked on the skin of her neck, the heat of his breath and the cold air tingling her skin with electric erotic feelings. She saw the woman say something else and the man kissed her neck.

"They're copying us." She whispered hoarsely.

She felt his hardness throb harder against her hand. She felt his teeth on her neck now. She laughed to herself as she knew he'd enjoy it. He was always saying he wasn't adventurous, but every time she presented him with something like this -- he enjoyed it.

"Eat me." she said.

He pulled his head away and looked at her. He looked at her questioningly.

"They're copying us." she smiled and pulled her hand away from his hardness.

"Let's see how far they'll go." she grinned.

She reached down and pulled his hand away from her wet and hot vagina.

He watched as she pulled him aside slightly. He glanced at the couple across the street and saw that the woman was indeed watching them. He turned back to her when he felt her hand on his arm. He saw that she was bent over and one leg up.

He saw her pulling off her panties. He quickly glanced around to see if anyone was walking by. He was relieved to see no one but the couple. He thought of stopping it. There were cops around.

He felt her hand in his pocket then.

She stuffed her panties in his pocket, make sure to glide her hand down across his hardness as she pulled away. She looked over and saw that she was still watching them. The woman's companion was still playing with her with his hand.

She slid her skirt up high on her thighs and then reach up and pulled him close.

He found himself looking at her again. Her hands were then on his shoulders as she pushed him down. He knelt down between her legs then. His face between her legs. He smelled her sweet excitement and found his head leaning forward towards her.

She knew he couldn't resist. When she had found that he was orally inclined, she was in heaven. She knew that the smell of her juices would drive him wild. She would get him to go down on her every chance she'd get. He would resist but once he smelled her juices, he would do as she asked.

She moaned slightly as his lips touched her hot and cold vagina.

He felt her hot but cool skin against his lips. The cold air had cooled her skin somewhat, but the heat of her passion was burning against his lips. His tongue slid out automatically as his hands reached her legs. He took a deep breath and found his hardness almost too hard to bear.

Her hips moved forward then and her juices practically spread across half his face. He licked then and moved his tongue between the folds of her pussy. He licked and sucked, almost loudly.

She moved her hips against his mouth and gasped as she felt his tongue enter her vagina. She moved her hips against his mouth, giving her the extra sensation of her clit rubbing against his lip. She looked at the couple across the street and found the woman taking off her panties. Her companion was watching them and at the same time sinking to his knees.

She closed her eyes then as she felt his hands sliding up her thighs. The cold air cooling her skin as soon as his hands move further up her thighs. She found her fingers in his hair and gripping his head against her. She moved herself then against his mouth. Her control barely there.

"They're copying us." she moaned to him.

She heard him moan in response and felt the vibration of his moan through her clit. She shivered and tilted her head back slightly.

His tongue moved, using all of his mouth to pleasure her pussy. His lips rubbed against the folds of her pussy. His upper lip rubbed against her clit. His chin pressed against the bottom of her pussy. His tongue thrusted and circled and scooped in and out of her pussy.

His senses were on overload. Her scent was all over and it was driving him wild. He wanted to taste her when she came. He wanted to drink every bit of her love juice she was willing to give. He felt her hand on his head pushing his head closer against her.

She felt his hands gripping her bottom. She thrusted harder against his mouth. She moved with him. She moved against him.

She felt it then. It moved through her before she had a chance to identify it. She heard herself then, moaning. No, groaning loudly. Her hips moved, her fingers tightened. Her vagina gripped. Her stomach moved. Tightened and released.

He drank. He had heard her. He knew the sound and wanted to catch every drop. His hands were then below her bottom, just under her upper thighs. His hands held her legs wide as he drank everything she gave.

She felt herself slow down, but she wasn't done. She still felt the desire. She felt him sucking against her vagina.

She pulled his head back, her wetness all along his mouth and chin.

He looked at her wondering what she was doing. He hadn't gotten every drop. He wanted to finish.

"Fuck me." she growled at him.

He got up then. As he was getting up, he felt her hands ripping at his belt and pants. He felt the cold air hit his cock then. He shivered but it felt hard. Harder than he ever felt even in this cold air.

Her hand roughly grabbed at his cock and guided him towards her. He heard the woman across the street moaning and he turned to look.

He saw the man on his knees and his head between her legs. He wondered if he enjoyed what he enjoyed.

His thoughts were ripped from his mind as pleasure engulfed him.

She felt his cock against her vagina and took it in. She was leaning against the building and her hips were forward. She was looking down as her hand was guiding his hard cock into her. She thrusted forward and she heard him gasp. She looked into his eyes as his head turned to focus on her.

She was on him. He was completely in her. She moved her arms onto his shoulders and shifted. She got half onto him and found her feet on his legs for support. She started moving without waiting for him to be ready. She growled at him.

"Fuck me" he heard her growl. He was wondering whether or not he could with the way she moved. He moved with her. Or tried to. Every time he moved his hips forward, he felt her slam down.

She moved against him. Harder and harder. She half watched the couple. Moved herself against him and moaned louder. She was daring them. Daring them to do it there, to be as loud as them. She knew they would stop there. No one can be as loud as her. She moved harder. She heard her body slapping and slamming against his body.

She felt him in her. Hard and hot. She was so wet from her first climax but she was also so much more excited. She moved, knowing how strong this next one will be.

He did all he could to stay standing. He thrusted against her not cause her body demanded it. He thrusted into her not because she commanded. He moved in and out of her because she felt so good. So wet. So warm. So good.

Their bodies slammed and slapped. Soon he heard the couple across the street fucking too. He was more excited then. Excited because she had not only gotten him to do this out here in the most public of places. Excited not only because this night of all nights there are so many people out. Excited even more because she had dared another couple to do what they're doing. 

She felt him move harder against her then.

"Yes, baby." she said, "Fuck me like that."

She hard him growl and move harder. It felt as if his cock stiffened and hardened even more.

"Oh yes," she moaned into his ear, "It feels so good. So hard."

She moved harder against him. Moving faster.

"Yes, make me cum again."

She heard him moaning, sounding like he's trying hard to hold his climax in.

"Oh. It feels so good. I'm going to cum so hard."

She did feel it. It was building faster, but she was holding it back. She wanted it to build until she couldn't hold it any longer.

"Cum in me, baby." she moaned, "Cum in me as you fuck me."

"Oh." he moaned.

She thrusted and tightened her vagina more. Gripping his cock in her as she fucked him.

"No.." he moaned.

She growled. Thrusting harder as she moaned.

"Yes, baby. Don't hold back!"

She felt him stiffening. She knew he was going to cum. She thrusted and gripped harder. Hard as she could. She was so wet and so hot that she couldn't hold his cock in her for long.

"I'm going to cum!" he moaned loudly.

She heard the woman across the street moan at that. She felt him thrust hard as he began to explode. She continued to thrust hard against him.

"Yessss, baby. Cum in me." she moaned into his ear.

She heard him moan louder as he continued to cum in her. She felt it then, just as his movements slowed slightly. Her hands reached down and grabbed his ass. She thrusted down and pulled him forward.

"I'm going to cum now baby." she half moaned and half growled, "Don't stop. Fuck me until I cum all over you."

He moaned and thrusted harder.

She moved on and off him. She felt him, his hard cock stroking in and out of her. Their juices mingled.

She felt her back arch as she started to cum. She could feel it and at the same time couldn't. Her mind seemed to blank out as her body felt the release. Her climax erupted from her body and thrusted out of her through her vagina.

He felt her stiffen and thrust. He moved in and out of her, his cock still hard from her words. His excitement growing again as he felt her juices flowing over him.

She slowed down and lifted her head off his shoulder. She looked across the street and saw the couple looking at them while they were fucking.

She slid off him and smiled at him.

Her smile froze somewhat as she saw him looking to their left. She turned and saw a group of people staring at them.

Just then the couple across the street started screaming as they finished. The people turned and looked.

At the same time, she felt herself being pulled down the street. He was running with her down the street, his pants half up. His semi-hardness flopping around.

She was still laughing when they reached home. The sight of it all.