 "10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... HAPPY NEW YEARS!"

Glasses rose and toasted the beginnings of a new year. A quick sip and then I turned to my left to give my friend a quick peck on the cheek. Being the hostess of the night, I went around the room, giving the boys a quick peck on the lips and the girls a quick peck on the cheek. I got around to everyone, well almost everyone. I purposely avoided giving my best friend a new year's kiss. He stood there across the room, gorgeous as ever. Standing at 6 feet tall even, he was lean but very muscular. His eyes, a green blue or a blue green depending on what he is wearing, pierce through all my walls. He had the dorkiest smile but it never failed to make my day. And the slight goatee always gave him that sexy bad boy look with his crooked charming smile.

We caught each other's eyes and gave that quiet smile and he turned back to his cell phone to call his girlfriend. I never really liked their relationship, never liked how she manipulated me to get to him. But what's done is done, right?

I walk back down the stairs in my heels and dress; tonight was an evening of elegance, cocktail dresses and suits to get in. The heat from the fire filled the downstairs, and many of us were already quite intoxicated. People were chatting, playing beer pong, being drunken college students.

"Hey Alissa, get over here!" my friend Paul called out, "You and I, team McAwesome!"

"Hells ya!" I respond.

So there I am, in my low cut silk dress, cleavage on display, make-up done, ready to tease these boys in order to win. We are both down to our last cups, it was my shot. I line it up as best as I can and go to throw... and that's when I can feel his eyes on me, all over me. This isn't the first time either.

I met Jace almost a year ago at school and I immediately wrote him off, it wasn't that I wasn't attracted to him but because I never thought a girl like me could be in his league. He's 6ft tall, lean and muscular and a smile that makes my heart race. And I, I am 5'6 curvy girl, more athletically curvy than round. 36 C chest and a soccer girls butt. My lower body resembled the 16 years of soccer I played, thick thighs and toned claves. So when he started flirting with me, I thought it was just to get to my friends. Over the year, he and I became best friends, laughing and joking about things nobody else got. Sharing stories and things about our past, connecting. So when he started dating my friend, you can imagine my jealousy and anger. I wrote them off, but it wasn't long till he started flirting with me; a lingering touch, a side glanced, and over protecting actions. Over the summer, he and I spent the night at each other's houses, got close to crossing lines, wrestled, and gave massages.

So here I am, about to throw, and I can feel his glance, and against all the distractions and current state of intoxication I am in, I make the last cup.

"YEA BABY!" I shout.

"Woah, Alssia... When did you get skills?" Jace teased from the staircase.

"Jealous that Paul picked me for his team and you missed out on this supa-star" I sass back.

"Ya, a little bit missy..." and with that, he looks me over and throws me that sly little smile of his and heads back upstairs.

As the night continues, the flirting between him and I intensifies to a point where I feel like I am just going to go crazy. Everyone has changed into their pjs and found somewhere to crash. All beds, rooms, and couches are taken. So a handful of us lye on my living room floor, chatting and talking. Soon, one by one, people start falling asleep till all that's left is Jace and I. We are whispering so softly, he goes to lay his cheek on mine to whisper in my ear,

"Lets go downstairs and finish talking, kay?"

"Alright."

We get up and tip toe out of the living room and down the stairs. I have a pull out couch which is already occupied, or should I say a friend is passed out on. Jace lays down on the pull out and I head to the couch next to him.

"Oh no you don't" he says as he grabs my arm and pulls me onto the pull out next to him. As I lye next to him, he wraps his arms around me and places his cheek back on mine.

What the hell is going on with him I am thinking, he's never got this close to me before, even when we are alone.. now in a house full of our friends.

As we continue to talk, he pulls me closer and I can feel his hard on pressed against my lower back. I instantly get turned on by the mere thought that he is turned on by me. I fidget a little and he attempts to readjust to me. As we continue, his hands linger on my shoulder but subtly begin to rub down my arm, moving closer and closer to my chest. I'm sure he could feel my breast heave with each breath.

"I feel like you should be held Alissa, like the dear beautiful girl you are." Jace whispered in my ear. His hot breath tickled my ear while his goatee tickled the back of my neck. 

This is too surreal.. no way.. this can't be happening, can it?! I decide to turn back and look at him, see what his eyes are saying. As I turn, my butt turns into his crotch, forcing his still growing prick in between my butt. When I look into my eyes, it's like something clicked, something happened, and before I knew it, we were all over each other. His mouth latched onto mine as I pulled him on top of me. Our tongues wrestle in our mouths; my hands grab fistful of his golden hair and his hands wonder all over my body. He grabs my hips and pulls them to meet his. Then, almost as soon as it started, I push him off me.

"What are we doing?" I pant. He rolls off me, both of us out of breath.

"You are so right, I'm so sorry." And we lye there, trying to catch our breath, "And that wasn't even my best effort..." And just like that we were all over each other again. Forcefully pulling at each other as if it was our dying moments, our bodies pressing against each other, forming to the other. I could practically feel his rock hard cock throb against my abdomen. We pull away from each other, confusion and passion written all over our faces.

"What the hell are we doing? We can't do this," I sigh, "No matter how much I desperately want you."

"I know you are right! I want you just as bad but..." And with that he hops out of the bed and walks down the hallway. I glance over at my friend, completely out and not going to know what just took place next to him. Jace rounds the corner and grabs my wrist. He pulls my wrist and pulls me into my laundry room. He shuts the door and locks it. He turns to me, lifts me onto the freezer chest and we are at it again. I wrap my legs around his waist and pull him closer. We are animals in a feeding frenzy. He kisses my cheek, my neck, bites me earlobe. A soft moan expels from my lips. I release from his grip and whip off my top. Though most of my body is an olive complexion, my perk 36 C's are creamy white with prominent brown nipples sticking out, ready to be suckled and played with. As if Jace knew what I was thinking, he latches on and sucks my nipples, causing even more moans escaping me. I tangle my fingers in his hair, pulling it ever so. I pull him off, just for a moment and then he moves onto the other. I couldn't believe how wet I was, how much I was getting off from merely foreplay with him.

"Oh my god," I pant, "I want you, all of you. Now... please." And with that, he yanks me off the freezer and pushes me up against the dyer. He doesn't know what he got himself into. And with that thought, I shoot him a smirk and smolder my eyes as I slowly drop to my knees and him back over onto his back, pulling down his boxers in a frenzy of both excitement and haste. My head lowered, kissing my way down from his mouth to his neck, his stomach, his cock. I let my hands follow down his chest, my fingers making small circles as the passed over him. The precum glistened off the mushroom head and I shot him one last smirk before I licked the entire length of him and pushed it into my mouth. I used my tongue, sliding it around the sensitive head, thrusting my mouth back and forth over him. He was moaning. I let up and worked my way towards him, kissing the shaft, getting closer to him. He moaned a lot more. Louder. I sucked lightly at his balls, working his cock with my hand. He moaned more, moving his hips into the rhythm I created. He let out a groan deep from his throat and leaned back against the dryer as I took him back into my mouth, forcing his cock deeper down my throat. I came off him with a pop and glanced up. His eyes fluttered as he let out another moan. I take the head of his cock into my mouth and resume my guilty pleasure. I create a rhythm with my hand grasping his shaft and moving up and down, in unison with my mouth. My tongue swirls around the mushroom head in my mouth and I fiercely bob up and down on his throbbing manhood. I come off him with another pop and stand back up, giving him a smile. 

"Oh you are such a bad girl, teasing me like that... Looks like I need to show you a lesson," Jace growls. He pulls me in hard for a kiss and turns me around. He runs his hands down my sides and stomach, interesting on hand past my shorts. His fingers wander down towards my lips and he notices I don't have any underwear on. He shoots me an evil grin, quickly and roughly removing my shorts and his hands explore my shaved pussy. As if he was hotwired to my mound, he starts to massage it roughly, causing me to get even more wet. Arching my back, he twists his fingers in my hair and pulls it back, causing me to arch even more, giving him more access to my aching pussy. Tracing tiny circles around my clit, he pushed a single finger inside of me, caressing my pussy walls. He added another, and another. I began to moan and move my hips gently to his rhythm. I could only stand a few more moments before I started to quiver.

He removes his hands from my soaking pussy and grabs a blanket from the shelf and throws it on the floor. He pulls me in for another deep kiss and lowers me down to the floor. With him on top, he grinded his hips into mine, parting my legs. Feeling the head of his penis at the entrance of my hole sent a shiver down my spine. He eased himself into me and I yelped at how much he stretched me out.

"You're... just... so big!" I gasped and I swear I saw him smirk. He slowly eased himself in and out of me, picking up speed. We started panting and moaning. I wrapped my legs around his back, causing him to thrust harder and faster. I started meeting his thrust with my own. My animalistic instincts took over. I clawed down his back and grab his ass.

"Yes, yes, come on, yes! Oh god, you feel so good, yes!" I panted. I could feel my body start to spasm. A wave of intense pleasure washed over me. I bucked under him, curled my toes, and grabbed his ass. A loud moan came from my mouth which he smoothed with his. He continued to slowly fuck my as my spasms came to a halt. 

"Wow... that was just... oh my god" I couldn't seem think a coherent thought, much less sputter out a sentence. Our bodies, now sweaty and slick, glided against each other. My breast rubbed against his chest, my perk nipples pressing into his well defined pecks. I slid my legs down from his back, down his legs. Intertwining my legs with his, he began to pick up the pace again. After a few deep and hard thrust, he turns me over onto my stomach and takes me from behind.

"Oh man, yes. Fuck me, fuck me hard..." He runs his hands down my arms and pulls my hands above my head, forcing my ass higher up in the air. Sitting up, he grabs my hips and pulls me hard onto his rock hard cock. He fills me completely with one thrust and I squeal with pleasure. He thrusts hard and fast; pumping deeper and deeper into me. As he grunts with each thrust, I try to stifle my moans to prevent anyone else from hearing me, but I couldn't hold it in. As I let out a moan of utter bliss, I felt the surge build up again. Oh my god I'm about to come again! And with that, my body rocked with another spasm.

I collapsed under him and he fell on top. I turned under him and looked back up at him, searching for answers. What just happened? I thought.

"You are so beautiful Alissa," he tells me. He pushes my hair out of my face and gives me a kiss on the nose, then the eyelids, and finally the forehead. We laid there for a while, my head on his chest, breathing in his scent. The finally we both got dressed, and as I turned to leave, Jace grabs me and turns me around, giving my one last final kiss.

"I don't know if I will ever get to do that again," he states. I turn and walk out the door. You're right, I don't.