 "You want to help me move the love seat?"

Steve looked up from the TV to see Jackie entering the room. His eyes moved over the blue dress that scintillated over the curves of her body. It was a cross- over design, leaving a deep V down between breasts that filled the bodice to perfection. Standing smiling and fresh from her shower, she looked very appealing, one toe pointed toward him, her hands resting easily on her hips. Her stance let the dress part like a curtain over her right leg and he glimpsed the top of her stocking. His eyes slipped down the sleek nylon to the graceful, strappy high heels that made her feet and ankles very erotic.

Gaining his voice, Steve mumbled, "Uh …. Yeah, … sure …." His eyes made the journey over her body one more time before he looked into her brown eyes and stood up.

Grinning at him over her shoulder, she beckoned him and then moved toward the dining room, her hips swaying in a slightly exaggerated tease. His eyes never left the full hips or the way the dress molded the generous curves of her ass. She turned again and caught him staring below her waist.

She bent to pick up one end of the love seat in the hallway and smilingly nodded her head for him to pick up the other end. Her lips were bright red and he could see the inviting valley between her breasts with a little black lace peaking out over the roundness of her breasts.

"You're staring!" she said, brightly. 

She straightened up and they carried the red-seated love seat between them bumping each other awkwardly as they grinned excitedly into each other's eyes. They put it down on the side of the long dining room table, the bump of his end into the table bringing a hint of a frown to her face. 

Steve licked his lips in anticipation. He could barely see the hint of nipples jutting against the royal blue of the simple but elegant silk dress.

"Why don't you light the candles and open the wine, then?" She moved gracefully around the table, putting last touches in place and then slipped through the door into the kitchen. Rich warm aromas rolled in from the kitchen.

Steve looked around the celery green walls of the dining room. A large modern painting of a dark haired Mediterranean woman hung on the end wall, a mirror returned his slightly apprehensive image over a serving table on one side. At the end of the room a large bay window invited his eyes along a curving sidewalk to a post lamp gleaming a few yeards away next to the driveway where his rented Lumina sat. A tall clock chimed 11 times on another wall. His shadow loomed large against the walls after he lit the candles and turned down the glittering chandelier of crystal beads draped around a center point. Painted vines draped over and around a crown molding.

"Did you paint the vines? Or are they decals?"

"I painted them." He heard her say from the kitchen, obviously preoccupied with cooking.

"Need any help?" he called.

But she appeared in the doorway carrying two plates steaming hot.

"No," she smiled, "mind the plates are hot."

He winced as he felt the hot plates and overcame a need to howl with pain, placing them on the table in front of the love seat.

'I warned you!" she said with a smile. "You never listen!"

Jackie went back into the kitchen and made two more trips, then waited for him to hold the love seat for her to sit down. The skirt split over two gleaming nylon covered thighs. The nylons were black and looked almost liquid as the light made highlights on the taut nylon. He gasped slightly at the sight of the dark bands indicating REAL nylons, not pantyhose. She turned in his direction slightly and held his napkin while he crawled into the seat beside her, then draped it over his lap. She must have seen that his erection was tenting the trousers slightly, but said nothing.

The candlelight made her breasts golden and he noticed a hint of a red bra with tiny black lace edging.

Jackie said grace, crossing herself briefly and then looked up into his eyes.

"And forgive us our transgressions, … should there be any?" she giggled. "Bon Appetit! I hope you like rack of lamb."

"Smells wonderful!" he said.

They ate silently, tasting the succulent, meat and then the asparagus draped with a creamy cheese sauce.

"Mmmm my god, that's great!" He could feel the juice of the lamb fresh and trembling on his lips.

"Thank you, kind sir! We have a rule here that one should kiss the cook, .. .. if she performs well."

"Nice custom."

They leaned close and their lips found each other and moved together, tasting the juice of the lamb, slick and rich. Steve felt the back of his hand brush her nipple under the silk dress and his cock became more obvious under his pants.

They toasted with the large wine goblets, making a ringing clink in the small room, and then looked at each other through the clarity of the crystal glasses. The candlelight gleamed on the ruby surface of the wine and Steve thought her eyes as beautiful as any he had ever seen.

Jackie took his hand and slowly lowered it to her thigh and turned to take another bite of meat. Steve felt the warmth of her thigh through the sensuous silkiness of the nylon and took a deep breath before taking another bite. His hand closed over her thigh and she closed her thighs lightly on his fingertips. Steve felt the warmth between her soft thighs and her squeeze brought a smile to his lips. He looked into her eyes, his fork poised before his lips. 

Jackie turned and smiled softly, then pulled his fork to her lips and stole the morsel of succulent, fatty lamb coated with the delicious mint sauce. Sliding her hand down his arm and then off his elbow, she gently touched the gathering hardness lying along his inner thigh. She moved her hand slowly, barely touching it, along the length of his cock. Her fingertips found the head of it through the gabardine of his slacks. Her eyes widened and her playful grin turned into a sexy gesture of pressing her lipsticked lips together in a wet come-hither smile. She closed her hand around the shaft of his cock and squeezed playfully for just a moment.

"Mmmmmm, .. .." she murmured. 

She grasped his ugly Purdue alumni necktie and pulled him toward her, tightening her thighs on his fingers once again. Her eyes focused on his lips as they came closer to hers making her momentarily cross-eyed. Steve gulped in pleasure as she tugged him closer and then felt her moist lips on his. Jackie moved her head in a little circle, probing for the fit between their lips to heighten the pleasure. The lipstick was a sensual lubricant and she searched and found a nice fit, then slipped the tip of her tongue out to explore the line between his lips.

Steve stuck his tongue out eagerly. Jackie frowned and backed away.

"Easy, ….easy!" she cautioned. "Easy." She said softly and then moved her lips to hers once again, exploring the rough outer outline of his lips with the tip of her tongue. This time Steve waited for her lead. As if satisfied with the outline of his lips, Jackie slowly touched along the inner, moist surface of his lips, exploring in detail the difference between wet and dry surfaces, then kissing little kisses along his lips. Perspiration broke out along his brow, and she turned her eyes up to his finally and slipped her tongue inside to find his.

Teasingly, she nodded her head, slowly, very slowly, suggesting that now, … only now, ….. was it OK for him to explore her lips.

Steve's eyes grew wide with the new sensation of her tongue against his and he slowly explored the soft wetness that she offered him. His eyes closed in shear pleasure and his tongue moved on to taste the bright red lipstick and then back off to savor the hint of flavor it contained.

"Ohhhhh," he moaned softly. "Mmmmmmm, .." he continued, basking in the pleasure almost as exciting as a first kiss.

Jackie opened her mouth to let him explore and her hand began struggling with the zipper of his pants, tugging back and forth until he sat up straight to make it easier to lower the zipper. He heard the satisfying zip of the zipper. Everything seemed magnified at this moment, with his tongue probing her lips. The Zipper seemed to ZING in his ears.

"Ohhhhh, .. …" he gasped around her tongue, as her hand slipped inside his pants and grasped his shaft through the Bill Blass briefs he had carefully purchased for tonight. It made him feel much more confident than the limp, frayed old shorts he sometimes wore. Jackie grasped his balls and cock and held him for a long few moments, and parted her legs a little as she played with the round snug package his briefs made of his cock and balls.

Steve moved his hand a little higher on her thigh, savoring the feel of the silky nylons. He paused with two fingers on the top of her stocking and two above it squeezing lightly, fondling her, enjoying the thrill of being here, of his hand between her legs. Still exploring the moist sweetness of her mouth, he squirmed to give her hand more room to fondle his cock. Suddenly he felt the coolness on his cock head as she popped it over the waistband of the tight briefs. She pulled away and smiled into his eyes, her lips moist and glistening red in the candlelight. Watching his expression with amusement, Jackie covered it with the palm of her hand, then rubbed it in a slow circle against his stomach.

She turned to her food once again and pulled his hand higher under her skirt. Steve felt his little finger touch the soft lips of her pussy. He suddenly realized that his hand was not on bare flesh as he thought; she wore pantyhose beneath the stockings to make her legs even smoother, even silkier to his touch. His breath was coming in short breaths in spite of his attempts to remain calm. His throat felt full and dry as he marveled at the sensuous care she had taken with every detail of the evening.

He couldn't help comparing the exciting sensual atmosphere to the 'taken for granted' atmosphere that would greet him when he arrived home after this business trip.

His finger lay along the moist split between her legs and he explored lightly and decided that only the panel of her panties separated him from the tender flesh of her secret place. Eagerly her pressed comfortably against her warmth and took another bite of the rich deeply seasoned lamb.

"Delicious! You're a great cook!"

"I know." She whispered, then squeezed his hand by closing her legs around him. She giggled, "I know!"

Steve was never quite sure when she was twisting his tail. But he was more than aware of the pleasure of her hand pushing his briefs all the way down his shaft so her hand covered it. Her fingertips pointed to his balls and her palm cuddled against the sensitive head of his penis.

They ate in silence, sipping from the wine with deep looks at each other. The music in the background was in keeping with the sumptuous meal. It wasn't exactly his taste, but in the subdued flickering candlelight, the classical sound added to the sexual tension. His music might have been a distraction, he admitted to himself.

What is the music?" he asked.

"Mozart. What else for an 18th century of debauchery?" she said. They laughed together.

"Right." He said. "No Al Stewart stuff?"

"No."

"Well, this is kinda nice too," he said.

She looked down at her plate, smiled and squeezed his penis playfully.

"Careful." He murmured, pressing his fingers urgently against her pussy.

"OK," she giggled, looking at him as she turned a morsel of lamb between her bright red lips. She held it sexily between her lips and made little kissing movements of her lips, squeezing his cock head in time with her lips, then sucked the lamb inside with a quiet 'pop' of her lips.

Steve tried to relax, trying desperately not to cum in her hand, after the long journey to this evening.

"Ready for desert?" she said, taking his plate and stacking it on her own.

"Sounds good! What are we having?" 

"Strawberries and ME." she whispered loudly into his ear, her breath, warm and sweet making the hair stand up on the back of his neck. Steve trapped her cheeks between his neck and shoulder for a moment, and she kissed his neck just under his ear. He felt her tongue slip out to touch his earlobe.

When she lifted up her plate and got up to go to the kitchen, a folded piece of paper was left in its place. Steve stared after her quizzically. He listened to dishes clinked into the sink and the sound of something being whipped in a bowl. Curiosity getting the best of him, he picked up the folded paper.

"The guest's desert will be served UNDER the table, patience may be required. –Kisses, Your Hostess" Was all it said 

Not being much at figuring out riddles, he was puzzled. Engineers are not trained in people riddles, only mechanical ones. At last a light went on. 

"Could she mean .. .. ..?" he mused. 

It seemed unlikely, but he felt he would be better to a look like a fool taking a chance than like a fool sitting stupidly on the sidelines. Sliding down, he bumped his head and then managed to find a way to crouch under the table – and be patient. He felt silly. But he decided to wait it out, sure that he was going to be thought foolish sitting here in the dark under the long drape of the white tablecloth.

He heard her approach, slim high heels clicking on the hardwood floor and then more quietly when she stepped onto the carpet. He could see her shoes and her trim ankles under black nylon. He had not noticed the ankle bracelet before, but now the gold chain on her right ankle glittered an invitation.

Jackie put down the deserts, both of them at her own place and angled her legs under the table, the blue dress parting high up between her thighs.

Steve could smell the scent of her perfume as the beautiful nyloned legs swung in front of his eyes. He waited, staring up between her thighs at the taut panel of the red panties. His mouth was dry in anticipation and his cock was standing out from his unzipped pants. Slowly he watched as the ankle with the bracelet swung toward him in a searching probe until it found his thigh and then followed it to his cock. Her toes curled over the top of his jutting cock head. The sheer toes of her stockings partially obscured the delicate lines between her long toes. He turned back to see her part her legs for him. He leaned forward, sensing the warmth of her thighs as he eagerly kissed the top of her stocking. He bumped his head on the table and heard her giggle.

He laughed at himself. "Damn, that hurt!"

She giggled more. "Don't want dessert, then?" she said.

"Yes, I do!" he said, kissing again and admiring the glow of her thighs warm around his head, and the firm panty covered mound that looked so delectable ahead of him. Her pantyhose had no crotch and her red panties looked invitingly available to him. 

She must have put some of her perfume on her pussy, the scent combined with the deeply feminine scent of her body, was exhilarating. He pressed his lips against he nylon panel and felt her thighs on both of his cheeks. He felt wonderfully surrounded my nylon covered feminine softness. Slowly he savored the feelings, pressing h is lips against Jackie's soft femininity. He was prideful that her panties were soaked with her juices and he flicked his tongue out to taste her for the first time.

"Mmmmmm, " he muttered, and felt her fingers reach between them and pull her panties aside. 

Steve inhaled the strong scent of perfume and her own passion-laced scent and brushed his lips against the dark hair of her pussy. He flicked his tongue out and touched wet, soft, silky lips. He stopped and enjoyed the light touch of his tongue between the moist lips of Jackie's delicate flower of a pussy. 

She was very moist. Steve's tongue searched and probed her slit from deep below the entry to her vagina along the widespread lips. His tongue wandering from one lip to the other and then lingered in the wettest and most secret centerline of the pink valley, almost glowing between her inner lips. 

Carefully, he tasted the tiny inner lips and then sucked gently on the large outer lips of her luxurious pussy. He grazed contentedly, tasting the morsel of her pussy. His lips and his cheeks grew soaked with her juices and he found himself delving deeper for more of the sweet nectar of he body. His tongue lanced into her vagina and he smiled when she trembled slightly.

"Ohhhh!" he heard her say above him. She scooted forward on her chair and pressed herself onto his tongue and he once again bumped his head noisily.

"Ohhhh!" she said apologetically.

But Steve continued contentedly licking and moaning between her legs. 

Jackie sat happily eating the succulent strawberries mixed into freshly whipped cream in the tall frappe' glass. As his tongue slipped into her tingling vagina, she scooped a finger full of cream and placed a slice of strawberry mouth in the cream. Pulling back the tablecloth, she slipped the finger down the center of her body, offering it to him. She felt him take the cream and berry into his warm mouth and suck on her long finger. Slowly she withdrew the finger and felt his mouth return to teasing her clitoris. 

"Ohhh, yes! …." she said, as he nibbled her clitoris, "oh, .. .. oh … yes, Steve."

She spread her legs wider for him, taking her foot away from fondling his dick and instead letting him pleasure her. His tongue and lips filled her pussy with long lingering, tingling sensations that were beginning to make her tummy tense with pleasure.

She offered another large dab of cream and berries. But this time she didn't feel his mouth, instead the cream disappeared. She felt the distinct cold sensation on the tip of her mound. She fed him more and felt another bit of cream dribble down her pussy lips. 

And then his tongue began lapping the cream and berries from her spread pussy. His tongue chased strawberry bits across the wide valley between her lips, then circled her clitoris in search of the flavor of the cream. His tongue moved quickly down her slit to keep it from dripping on her dress, and pressed deep into the crease of her bottom to catch even the last drop.

Jackie pulled his head deep into her open legs and pressed him deep between her lips. His tongue slipped into her vagina and she moaned loudly with pleasure. She was no longer bothered by the mustache, it was now as sodden as the hair of her pussy, there was no sensation of bristles. She could ignore it for now. The sensation of being licked deep, ,,,,,,,,,, deeply, …. with an eager tongue and the sensation of being sucked, those sensations now filled her entire center. Her nipples bristled in happy good cheer of her pleasure. Jackie lolled her head against the high back of her chair and pressed herself into his mouth.

She closed her eyes and let the light, shuddering, trembling orgasm flood over her body. Slowly, very slowly, she came down from the high and pushed his face away from her, patting his cheek, now wet with her juices.

"Come. It's time for watching the Ball descend in Times Square. Did you enjoy your dessert as much as I did?"

Steve stood up and leaned back, hands on his hips, straightening his back out of the cramped position he had held for nearly an hour. His face broke into a broad grin.

"Yes. Yes, .. .. dessert was unforgettable. You are a fabulous cook, Jackie, my beauty."

"God, you always talk too much, you know!" she laughed. "I don't have to be told such things. A simple 'yes, very good! Yum, yum,yum!' Is all I wanted to hear!" Shaking her head and smiling, she took his finger and tugged him toward the living room.

"Aren't we two weeks late for the ball dropping?" he said, his logical side springing, as ever, to the front of the line in his conversation.

"Don't spoil the moment!" she cautioned. 

She pushed a button on the recorder and joined him on the deep soft couch facing the large screen projection TV. The Christmas tree was gone, but she had left the other Christmas decorations unchanged. A long pile white rug spanned the couch; a round glass table full of large books and magazines sat atop it.
