 There was a warm breeze in the air as I sat outside my apartment in Santa Barbara waiting for my cab with a few suitcases at my side. I was a recent graduate of UC Santa Barbara this December, receiving my Ph.D. in counseling psychology. As much as I had loved living in sunny California for the last ten years completing my education, I was also excited to be heading home to Chicago, not only for Christmas with my family, but to begin work at Loyola University in their Counseling and Testing Center for the new semester. I hadn't had a lot of free time in the last 5 years between grad school and my internship to see my family or my friends back home, and I was looking forward to seeing them again. My cab pulled up and I lugged my bags in the back, making my way to the airport and back into my past. 

When I stepped out of O'Hare with my parents to walk to their car, the wind took my breath away. It was fucking freezing. I had almost forgotten how bitter Midwest winters could be. The cold had chilled me to my bones by the time we reached the car, and I asked my dad to crank the heat up while my mom jabbered on about anything and everything. I loved her, but I was exhausted from travelling all day and just wanted to get into a warm bed for the evening. 

"Anyway, as I was saying," my mother continued as I shifted my attention back to her, "Alexandra can't wait to see you. She told all your old friends who are still in town that you were coming back and they planned a get together for Friday night at The Modern downtown." 

"Isabella!" My dad scolded my mother. 

"They planned something already?" I asked, yawning as I spoke. It would be fun to see Alexandra, my best friend from childhood, but I was curious as to who else would be there. I had lost touch with most of the people I knew in high school and didn't know who was still in town. "Why didn't she call me?" 

My mother looked sheepishly at me before my father chimed in, "It was supposed to be a surprise welcome home party for you," he explained. "Your mother just can't keep her mouth shut, can she?" 

We all shared a laugh and I texted Alex to let her know that the cat was out of the bag. 

Hey Alex! I just landed and am driving with my parents to their place. Mom told me about The Modern on Friday. What a sweet thing to do, thank you! 

She replied in the next few minutes. 

Damn, your mother is such a gossip! Well, it will still be fun despite the surprise being gone. I can't wait to see you! 

Me neither! I replied, then quickly followed with, I don't want to wait until Friday to catch up, though. Do you want to go look at apartments with me tomorrow? 

Hell yeah! She replied, and we ironed out the details. 

Soon after, we pulled onto my parent's street in downtown Chicago and into the parking structure. After taking the stairs up to their door, I opened it to find a room full of my family. 

"Julia!" I heard from ever direction. "It's so good to have you home!" I was quickly surrounded by aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces and nephews, all squeezed into my parents large but now small seemingly apartment. 

"Hi everyone!" I replied and spent the next 20 minutes saying hello and goodnight to the entire extended family. I finally made my way back into the kitchen to snag something to eat when I ran into my brother for the first time. I grinned widely and pulled him in for a big hug, actually very happy to see him. 

"Sorry about the ambush," Vincent said, smiling at me and referencing the hoard of family I came home to. Vincent and I had always been close, and I was looking forward to getting some quality time with him. 

"No problem," I replied, "Your girls are so grown up! Did Sam take them home already?" Sam had been in my year at school, and we were pretty good friends. She and Vincent were high school sweethearts. 

"Yeah, I told her I wanted to catch up with you. Want a beer?" He asked, his head in the fridge. 

"Please," I nearly begged. We sat at the table, and despite being exhausted, we stayed up for hours catching up on each other's lives. It was already good to be home. 

The next morning, I woke up far too early, but was excited to see Alex. We met at the coffeeshop in our neighborhood and it was instantly like old times. Alex was a firecracker who had had a tough childhood. She spent most of her childhood in my family home, and when she was 18, she started renting in the same area and hadn't left since. She was like a second daughter to my parents and the sister I never had. We spent the morning catching up in between apartment showings. We had seen 9 or 10 already, and everything in my price range was less than desirable. 

"Maybe you should consider staying with your folks for a while, and wait it out until there is more available," Alex offered as we pulled away from the most recent disaster my realtor called an apartment. 

I sighed back at her, concerned that I would have to do just that. "Let's see this last apartment before I go into that dark place, okay Alex?" I said tiredly. 

"Don't blame me girl, you're the piss poor one!" She teased me. Alex made really good money as an artist, a turn of events you don't often hear about, but no surprise to me. She was incredibly talented. 

We pulled up to the last place, and I liked the street we were on. It was a good area and centrally located for work and afterwork activities. "I've got a good feeling about this one," I said before we stepped into the freezing air to see the last place. I was not disappointed, as I walked in to see an open floor plan with new appliances and even a dishwasher! The bedroom was small, but the closet was large enough for me, and the bathroom had a glorious bathtub. Overall, I was extremely pleased as I filled out an application. The realtor told me that many people were interested, so I hoped for the best as we left. 

On our way back to Alex's place, we talked about tomorrow night's "surprise party". "So, who is coming?" I questioned her. I had no intention of going to a high school reunion and I knew that Alex often went overboard in planning things. 

"Not sure," She replied calmly. 

"What does that mean?" I asked slowly, not sure if it was a positive or a negative. 

"I just went on our high school class Facebook page and posted about you coming home. Open invite to whoever wanted to see you!" She smiled sheepishly at me. 

I groaned loudly just as we pulled up to her place. "Alex, why? Why do this to me?" 

She laughed before patting me on my back, "Come on baby, a little socializing won't kill you! If you're going to move back, you need to have friends." I tried to interrupt her to say that she was my friend, but she quickly stopped me, "No, no, no, I do not count! Plus, you never know what guys will still be cute from school. Gotta keep your options open or you'll dry up down there!" 

I blushed and laughed, "You are so naughty, Alex! I just got back into town, I'm not looking to sleep with a blast from the past!" 

She got out of the car, but before she closed the door, she turned and reminded me of a certain past crush, "Lewis might be there." She winked, laughing as my blush deepened, and turned to head into her apartment. 

As I pulled back onto the street, my thoughts swam with Lewis. I hadn't thought of him in years, but he had been a long-time crush of mine when we were kids. We were best friends when we were younger, inseparable. But, when we got to high school, he started ignoring me. As sexy as he was then, I'm not sure I had ever really forgiven him for the betrayal. One thing was for sure though, I was going to look smoking hot tomorrow on the off chance he came. He should know what he was missing. 

I stood in front of the mirror in my childhood bedroom that night, with only about two minutes before I needed to leave, or I'd be late for my own party. I gave myself a final once-over. I was wearing a deep red jumpsuit with a low slit in the front and an open back- no chance to wear a bra tonight, but the top was structured enough that my fairly large tits felt secure. The pants tightly hugged my shapely ass, then flowed out, barely kissing the ground. On my exposed back, you could see the small octopus tattoo on my spine. My light blonde hair was pulled back in a braided bun and I wore smokey eye makeup. I hadn't had a reason to dress up recently and was proud of how I looked. The diet of not having time to eat much while I prepared for my dissertation had helped me shed what little extra poundage I had, and my body looked better than it ever had. If Lewis did come tonight, he wouldn't regret it. 

Alex came by and walked with me to the nearby bar. She gushed about my outfit the whole walk there, and I walked into The Modern with more confidence than I can remember ever having before. The crowd was decent in size, and as soon as we got to a table in the corner where Sam and Vincent already were, people I recognized, and some that I didn't, started coming by and saying hello. Drinks were flowing, and I was pleasantly surprised by how much fun I was having. The best people had come to see me and catching up with them was awesome. Many were married, so I met their spouses, and others had been career focused. I was having a blast and had forgotten about Lewis after about 4 vodka presses. 

Around 11, those with kids headed home, but the rest of the crew continued to have a good time. It was about this time that I heard my name from the door and turned to see Lewis walking in, making a hell of an entrance. Somehow, he had become even more sexy. He was an effervescent presence in the room as he walked towards us, standing tall. His dark, curly hair was just the right length, with a few pieces bouncing in the face. He had dark stubble that defined his great jaw line, and he was wearing a clearly expensive suit that looked tailor made for his body. I had heard that he was working in law around here, but that was the extent of my knowledge. He was clearly doing well for himself. Suddenly, he was in front of me. His lips were moving, but I didn't hear anything. Then, Alex pinched my side and I woke from my trance. "Huh?" I responded with little grace, barely back to my senses. 

Lewis's face broke into a beautiful grin and I was nearly enchanted all over again. "I said, it's great to see you!" He chuckled. I watched him eyes size me up slowly before meeting mine again, "And you look great..." he said more quietly. 

"Thanks," I replied, blushing and looking down sheepishly, "It's good to see you too, Lewis. How've you been?" was all I could manage to ask. We exchanged small talk for a few minutes, and I was reminded what I had always liked about him. He was easy to talk to, and really funny. He had been working in immigration law for a couple of years, defending immigrants mainly from Latin America, and had a lot of very interesting stories to share. Soon, he stood to get himself a drink. He returned with a beer and a vodka press for me. "How'd you know?" I said, wondering how he knew what my drink was, as I had stopped drinking about an hour before. 

"You always loved them in school," he replied casually, "I assumed you still did." 

"Oh..." I said, a bit disappointed that it hadn't been a sign of fate, but also excited that he would remember something like that. "I'm predictable, I guess," I said, taking a long sip of my drink. 

"I would say dependable," he countered, a smile on his face. "You're easy to count on." 

"Thanks, I guess," I said, laughing, "I'm surprised you would remember after all these years, though." 

Lewis was silent for a moment and stared at me. There was something behind his eyes I couldn't place, and it was an intense silence before he said, "Yeah, I guess you have always been able to easily capture my attention," he said softly, leaning slightly closer to me as he did. I felt butterflies in my stomach and a familiar longing in my panties. I couldn't tell for sure, but I hoped he was flirting with me. We went back to talking with the group, and after an argument about the best winter activities, all of us made plans for Sunday to go ice skating. We talked and laughed with everyone for a while, and eventually Lewis got up to go to the restroom. 

When he returned, his gaze turned to me. "I missed you, Jules," he said, using his old nickname for me and shifting closer until I could smell his cologne. He put one hand on my knee, never breaking eye contact with me. The silence dragged on for a while, but I became dizzy from both him and the alcohol in my system and looked away. 

"Yeah, thanks for coming tonight," I stammered, trying to ease a little of my awkwardness from feeling his thumb lightly rub my knee through my pants. 

"If I had known how breathtaking you would be, I would have come even earlier," he said, his eyes finding mine again as he shifted even closer to me. 

I sucked in a breath at his comment and a small smile spread over his lips. His lips that I couldn't stop looking at. My senses were on overload from his touch, his smell, him. I knew I was getting in over my head, but there was no stopping me. My pussy was soaking wet and I wanted him. The alcohol made me brave, and I decided to egg him on. "Is that so?" 

"Absolutely," he growled back to me, his eyes trailing my body and his hand sliding slightly higher up my thigh. "I haven't been able to take my eyes off you since I arrived," he said, leaning in and whispering into my ear. I melted a little bit when his breath hit my ear and I squeezed my thighs together to give my burning pussy some relief. 

"You're not so bad yourself," I replied, rapidly sucking down the remains of my drink. 

"I like watching you suck on that straw," he whispered, his hand raising a little higher on my thigh before his tongue flicked over my ear, so quickly I wasn't even sure it had happened. I felt sparks in my toes and let out a quiet moan, trying to remain focused, but finding it nearly impossible. His other hand found my cheek and he turned my face towards his. "Do you want to get out of here?" He asked with longing in his eyes. 

Unable to speak from both surprise and overwhelming horniness, I just quickly nodded and allowed him to grab my hand and pull me to my feet. I turned and grabbed my purse and waved goodbye to Alex as Lewis pulled me towards the door of the bar with one hand. As soon as we were on the street, he turned around and stopped and I ran right into him. His hands grabbed my face and pulled me into an incredible kiss. It started forceful as he kissed me, hard, but softened as one hand trailed down my back. After a few seconds, the strength behind his kiss returned, and his tongue parted my lips and began exploring. I brought my hands up to his head and pulled him deeper into me, my tongue finding his. After what felt like forever, he pulled away and looked down at me. He growled deeply in his throat and gave me a mischievous smile before turning to hail a cab. My pussy was dripping, and I was desperate to have him fuck me. 

We jumped into the cab and Lewis barked an address at the cabby, ignoring his response and refocusing on me, pulling me back into a deep kiss. His hands were travelling all over my body and his touch felt incredible. He brought one hand up my thigh and gently grazed over my hot snatch. I moaned into his mouth and brought my own hands lower, exploring his chest and digging my nails into his back. Before we could do much more, the cab was pulling up in front of Lewis's place. He grabbed his wallet and handed the man some cash, muttering "thanks, keep the change," under his breath before pulling me behind him out the door and towards his own. He pulled me between himself and his doorway and his lips found my neck. 

I let out another moan and looked around, recognizing my surroundings a little. "I think this is the building I applied for an apartment in," I said as he nibbled my neck. 

"Cool," he said, clearly distracted. His hands ran up my body, landing on my breasts, sliding beneath my shirt. e whispered into my ear again, "You're mine tonight," before deftly unlocking and opening the door behind us. His hand found my ass and lifted. I followed his lead, wrapping my legs around him and throwing my head back as he nibbled on my clavicle. 

"Oh, Lewis, that feels good," I moaned as he continued, his hands groping my ass, while he walked into the apartment. Soon after, Lewis threw me down on the bed and crawled on top of me. I moaned as his tongue licked up my cleavage, returning to my throat before he forced him lips down onto mine and held my wrists down as he kissed me. 

He broke from the kiss and got off the bed. "Take off your clothes," he commanded, and I was surprised to find his demand sexy. I began undressing and watched him quickly do the same. His body was incredibly toned and muscular, and his tan made his blue eyes shine brightly. I was down to just my bra and underwear when Lewis pulled his boxers down and his huge cock sprang to life. I took a sharp breath in when I saw it and crawled towards him, putting my feet on the floor. I was desperate to touch or taste him. I stood, stepping towards him and bringing my fingers around his shaft and lightly stroking him. I pulled him in for a kiss with my other hand and felt him groan against my mouth to my touch. 

I pulled away from the kiss and brought my lips to his ear, having to get up on my toes to reach it. "You've seen what I can do with a straw, let me show you what I can do with something bigger," I whispered to him as I squeezed his cock a little, surprising myself with my boldness. 

"Oh, Jules..." he moaned as I lowered myself to my knees. His cock was a little intimidating when I got to it's level. With both hands wrapped around his shaft, I swirled my tongue around my tip, treating his cock like a dripping ice cream cone. I brought my mouth to his balls and sucked one in, then massaged it with my tongue. Hearing his breathing quicken, I let my mouth encase his other ball and sucked slightly harder, gratified at his fingers tightening in my hair. I replaced my mouth with a hand, continuing to fondle them as I returned to his tip. I licked my tongue around the base of his head and then slowly brought him into my mouth. I slide my lips down a few inches of his cock before sucking hard, twisting my mouth and pulling back, milking him. I continued this until I got close to the base of his cock where my hand was. I sucked him and moved my tongue around in my mouth. His moans were getting louder and I felt his hand grab my bun and pull my mouth from his cock. "I don't want to cum. Not yet," he said, his eyes burning with lust. 

I smiled at him and he pulled me in for a deep kiss, his mouth exploring wildly. He pressed against my shoulders and pushed me back on the bed. He crawled on top of me and reached behind my back, deftly unhooking my bra and pulling it away from my body before bringing his mouth down onto my hard nipple and sucking. I grabbed his hand and brought it to my other tit. He lifted his mouth off my nipple long enough to say, "I fucking love these tits Jules," before diving back down and softly nibbling and tweaking them with his mouth and fingers. 

I was squirming under him and trying desperately to rub my pussy against his rock-hard shaft, but he shifted to the side of me. His hand left my tit and it was replaced by his mouth. He brought his now free hand down to my panties and started pulling them down my legs. He brought his mouth back up to mine and kissed me before pulling away again. "You wet for me, baby?" He asked as his fingers danced over my slit before dipping in a little deeper. His eyebrows jumped when he touched me and his eyes lit up. "You're dripping wet. I fucking love it," he said before bringing his fingers to his lips and licking them clean. "And you taste so damn good," he moaned, "Have a taste," he said, bringing his fingers back inside of me and licking my neck before bringing them to my mouth. 
