 I live in this little court. Quite a nice area and we had friendly neighbours and we all knew each other. Come New Year's Eve and I'd been prepared to spend a nice quiet evening at home with the wife and possibly the kids if they deigned to stay home, which was rather unlikely. My lovely wife, Marie, persuaded me otherwise.

"You're coming to the party," she told me. "We've spent a lot of time organising it and you will be there."

I looked at her considered the depth of her sincerity, and said, "Yes, dear."

Apparently the wives in our little court had got together and decided to throw a New Year's Eve party. A costume party, no less. Costumes were optional so I told Marie that I'd just wear casual clothes and go along as a Grumpy Old Bastard. Playing in character, is what she termed it. Not that I'm that old. In my thirties, is all, and my grumpiness tends to be reserved for the more idiotic idiots that frequent the planet. 

The party was being held in number ten, mainly because they had the biggest house and the biggest yard. We'd all be able to attend and circulate without bumping into each other every time we turned around.

We strolled along to the party, the wife and I and the kids. Apparently she'd put the hard word on them, as well. That and the fact that she changed the password on the wi-fi persuaded them to attend, especially as she wouldn't tell them what the new password was.

I wandered around, beer in hand, chomping on any food that came within range. If this had been a party without the kids I'd have had a beer in both hands and deferred the food until later, but with them about I had to be a responsible adult and show a good example. If I didn't they'd tell Marie, the little wretches.

By eleven I'd had a couple of beers and was nicely relaxed, the calorie intake from the snacks making sure that the alcohol wasn't working on an empty stomach. It was working on me, though, I can assure you.

In my earlier wanderings I'd come across this pretty young thing dressed as a Drum Majorette. She certainly filled out that costume the way it was supposed to be filled. She looked up at me, smiled, and said, "Hi, Mike."

I blinked and looked harder, overlooking the costume and concentrating on the face, which suddenly became quite familiar.

"Jan," I said smiling. "Haven't seen you for a while. How have you been going?"

Jan was our ex baby-sitter. She'd stopped being our sitter once the kids got old enough to sit themselves. (Old enough. Not necessarily responsible enough. There were a couple of incidents.)

Jan brought me up to date on her news and seemed quite happy to flirt with me. That was fine by me and I flirted back just as happily. Marie came wandering past at one stage to say hullo and then the three of us drifted apart again.

Now, with an hour to go to midnight, I bumped into Jan again. She had a drink in one hand, a plate in the other, and her baton in a third. As she only owned the regulation two hands she was finding it all a little difficult.

I laughed at her problem, took the baton from her and slipped it under her belt. 

"You can take it and put it inside for a while and collect it before you leave," I told her. "Now how about I hold either your drink or your plate while you deal with the other?"

She laughed and handed me her plate. Then she seemed to just inhale her drink, handed me the glass, and started tearing into the food she'd snagged.

"See. All little problems have simple solutions. Which is one reason why I'm happy to see you here tonight."

She gave me an inquiring look and I smiled gently.

"It's about New Year resolutions," I explained. "Did you make any last year?"

She smiled and nodded.

"And did you keep them?"

She hurriedly swallowed what she'd been chewing on and then gave me an iffy signal with her hand.

"Basically, I guess," she said. "Could have done better but I could have done worse. How about you?"

"I made a few," I admitted, "and I think I've kept them all bar one. That's where you can help me. I mean, it's the right thing to do to help one keep a resolution, isn't it?"

"Depends on the resolution," she pointed out, hitting the weak spot in my argument. "What was yours?"

"Well, I remembered that you'd be turning eighteen early in the year so I resolved that sometime after that date I'd entice you into bed and enjoy your tender young charms. Unfortunately I haven't had a chance to entice you until now."

Perhaps I should have told her that while her mouth wasn't full. She didn't seem to know if she should swallow or spit it out. She wound up looking at me with wide eyes while she hastily finished her chewing.

By the time she finished swallowing and was able to talk again she'd regained her composure.

"Really, Mike," she said in a reprimanding voice, "you can't say things like that to a girl."

"Jan, I'm certainly not going to say something like that to a man," I pointed out. "So are you in for a little adventure?"

"Are you serious? Do you really think I'm going to sneak off with you for some, ah, some." She waved her hand about to indicate what the some would be.

"Yes," I blandly admitted. "I can just see the scenario now. You lying on your back on the bed, feeling nervous and naughty. I lift your dress up, take hold off your panties and slowly draw them down and off. I ease your legs wide apart and settled between them, my trousers dropping away and my erection springing forth. Then I'm sinking into you hard and fast for a quick, wild, ride to bliss."

I smiled at her, noting her flushed face and heightened breathing. 

"We'll have to be quick," I said mournfully, "or someone may come looking for us. Right now, run along and put your baton somewhere safe before you lose it."

I pulled the baton out of her belt and handed it to her. She took it and I slipped away for a quick tour of the party. Tour completed I strolled into the house, finding Jan just about to leave.

She looked at me and hesitated. The correct thing for her to do would be to smile and slide past me to freedom. Instead she dithered for a moment, and I took advantage of her dithering. A gentle touch on her arm turned her and I led her deeper into the house. I'd been here before and I knew where the bedrooms were. I opened the door to the guest bedroom, just a fraction to make sure it wasn't already occupied, and then wider to let Jan enter.

She stood at the door, blushing and observing the bed, and then she took a deep breath and walked into the room. I quietly closed the door and moved towards her. She was standing next to the bed, looking at it. I sat on the bed and patted it, looking at her while I did so. She nervously sat on the bed, looking at me.

I laughed, crouched down next to the bed to take hold of her ankles, and lifted them up and over so Jan finished up lying on the bed. I sat down again next to her.

"I believe I said I was going to lift your dress up," I said, doing just that, revealing some light green panties. Almost shorts, those panties, and the same colour as the major colour of the Drum Majorette costume, I noted. Designed to blend in when she did high-stepping marching. 

"Are you actually a Drum Majorette?" I asked her smiling as she nodded. That explained the choice of costume.

"Step two I promised to take these off," I said, taking hold of her panties. I saw her hands twitch, wanting to reach down and stop me, but she didn't. She relaxed again, or relaxed as much as she could, with a man pulling her panties down. I drew her panties down, right down and off, dropping them to one side. 

"Step three was to move your legs further apart," I reminded her, a hand lightly pressing against one ankle, finding it obediently moving to the side.

I was hoping that the anticipation of what was going to happen had been working on her, helping to prime the pump as it were. A gentle probing (and a stifled shriek) showed that the pump was well primed and Jan was hot and wet.

I shifted onto the bed, kneeling between her parted thighs. My belt came undone in nothing flat and my clothes were pushed down, my cock leaping up. 

Jan was muttering something to herself, watching my cock at the same time. I listened a little harder. She seemed to be saying things along the lines of, "Oh my god, I can't believe I'm doing this. Will you look at the size of that thing? It's enormous. Oh god, I'm not sure if I can do this. Yes I can. Why hasn't he started already? What's he waiting for?" Variations of this were going on but you get the message. I certainly did.

I loomed over her, my hand going down to help ease her lips apart, and them my cock was pressing against her, her lips wrapping around me. My earlier gentle probe had reassured me that she wasn't a virgin which was one worry off my mind.

"Hard and fast, I said, so you'll need to push up against me right from the word go. Can you do that?"

She gave me a scornful look and came surging up at me. I reciprocated by driving firmly into her, our groins slapping together loudly.

"I can match anything you can do," she assured me, her legs coming up to wrap around me.

Maybe I was getting old. Her energetic reactions ran me ragged. She bucked and bounced under me, totally throwing her body into what was happening. She also started getting noisy. I had to hastily slap a hand over her mouth to muffle the shrieks. Her eyes were sparking and she was laughing at me, having the time of her life.

Mind you, I had no complaints about my reactions to her. I could stand a lot of this, not that I was likely to get the chance. Still, I was making the most of the one chance I did have.

Neither of us gave any indication that we wanted to slow down and take it a bit more easily so we just kept at it, both of us trying to dominate the other, using our bodies as our weapons. Don't let anyone tell you that women are the weaker sex. Jan took everything I had and was ready for more. 

Fortunately, experience counts, and that was the one area where I had the advantage. I built her up fast and finally had her climaxing before she even knew she was about to. Her eyes opened really wide and she just stared at me in amazement as she shuddered through it, helped along by my own climax letting rip.

She relaxed, smug and smiling.

"Not bad," she admitted. "You do wild rather well."

"It would have been better if you'd been naked," I humbly admitted. "Then I might have had a chance to play with your breasts. Perhaps next time."

"And perhaps not," she sniggered. "Just count yourself lucky and don't push it."

She was off the bed and drawing on her panties/shorts without saying another word. She darted over to the door, blew me a kiss, and vanished. I tidied up my own clothes and headed back out to the party. I paused in the kitchen to pour myself a cold one and stood at the window drinking it, watching the crowd. 

"Oh, there you are," said Marie, appearing at the back door. "I wondered where you'd got to. I thought you might have sneaked back home."

"Tempted," I told her, "but I'll stay until midnight. Things have been more interesting than I expected."