 When the CEO announced that someone would have to make a last minute trip to Europe I jumped at it. He needed someone to be on hand to finalize a contract with a new client based out of France. The importance of the contract necessitated a meeting on New Year's Day and the required fourteen hour flight would land the evening of December Thirty-First Paris time. This meant that whoever went would miss New-Year's Eve at home, which had most of my colleagues avoiding eye contact with the boss. I quickly volunteered though, and if I'm being completely honest, I breathed a sigh of relief. 

I had been dreading New Year's Eve for weeks, ever since breaking up with my girlfriend of two years. It had been a nasty breakup, the blowup coming when I found that she had been sleeping with my best friend behind my back. Most of our friends took their side after she had spread her sob story about me working too much and never having time for her, which wasn't entirely untrue I suppose. 

Basically this meant that the New Year's Eve party we had been planning since Halloween would now be held without me. Christmas was bad enough; I really didn't want to ring in the new year playing card games at my mother's house. Thanks to my boss, now I had an alternative. 

As I settled into my window seat on the huge passenger plane I breathed a deep sigh and looked out the window at the falling snow. I had gotten to the airport early and was one of the first to board. Growing bored with the snow, I loosened my tie and started watching the other passengers filing down the aisle and finding their seats. I had brought work and books to keep myself occupied during the long flight, but I didn't feel like pulling it out yet. 

My eye was caught by a passenger walking through the open door and turning into the aisle. It was a girl, probably twenty-three or twenty-four years of age. She had long dark hair that flowed out of a white beanie and down her back. The eyes that were looking up at the seat numbers looked dark from this distance, probably brown like her hair. Her beautiful face and the way she walked reminded me of a California beach bunny I had dated in college, except this girl had a bronze tint to her skin that my old fling could never have managed by tanning. 

As she strode down the aisle toward me I found myself hoping that she would be sitting somewhere nearby. I definitely would not mind looking at her for the next 14 hours. My heart seemed to be beating faster as she neared. As people in front of her found their seats, I was granted a clearer view of her. She wore a long white coat that was buttoned up. As she arrived at my row I saw that she wore dark tight jeans and was surprised to find her wearing sexy heels that showed her toes and added another 3 inches to her already tall stature. I was sure that those long legs would look simply incredible in those heels with a skirt rather than those jeans, but I wasn't complaining. I just hoped she'd take the coat off and give me a glimpse of her denim-clad ass. 

I swallowed as her eyes glanced my way but then she stepped past, still looking for her seat. I sighed in disappointment and looked back to the front, resigned to my fate of not getting to see her again until we landed. 

Suddenly a soft voice spoke next to me. "Excuse me sir?" I turned to see beautiful brown eyes looking nervously back into mine. She had spoken in English but her voice had a definite French accent. I had to swallow again and clear my throat before I was able to find my voice. 

"Yes?" I said with a small smile. She looked so cute looking at me and biting her bottom lip a little bit. 

"I am hoping," she began, her French accent sounding like heaven on my ears, "that you will help me with my bag." She pointed at the small rolling suitcase that she had been pulling behind her. I stared at her in confusion for a moment before I was able to register her question. 

"Oh! Of course," I said and quickly stood to help lift it into the storage space next to my briefcase. She stepped aside as I did so and then smiled at me in thanks before I turned and headed back to my seat. To my surprise she followed and slid her slim body into the seat right next to mine. I had to hide a smile of triumph as I realized that I would get to spend the entire flight next to this dark haired French goddess. After she sat she leaned towards me to look out the window and I was given a whiff of her perfume. "Wow she smells good," I thought to myself and took a deeper breath. 

"So much snow," she said softly, continuing to watch the flurries for a moment before sitting back in her seat. 

"Aren't you used to snow?" I asked her, causing her captivating eyes to swing back to mine. "I thought the French Alps got quite a bit." 

"Ah yes sir," she said smiling. "They do. But I come from Toulouse in the south. We are not receiving much snow." 

"I see," I replied and then held out my hand. "Je m'appelle Alex Stone," I said with a little bit of a smirk. I loved seeing the look of surprise that crossed her face as I introduced myself in her native language. This began a short conversation in French as I explained that I had spent time in Quebec during school and a year working in Montreal. Her smile showed easily and often as we spoke, her rapid French almost too fast for me to understand. 

She introduced herself as Noémie, saying that she had grown up in France before moving to the states for school. She was returning home to celebrate the New Year with her family. Before we knew it the rest of the plane had filled and we had begun to taxi toward the runway. 

"Monsieur Stone," she asked suddenly. "Would you mind if I looked out the window as we take off? It is always my favorite part but I was not able to get a window seat on this flight." 

I chuckled in understanding; I used to love that part of the flight too, watching the ground drop away as we lifted off. I guess it had lost some of its appeal over the years of flying to conventions and business meetings. 

"I'll tell you what Noémie," I said. "Why don't you switch seats with me? You'll enjoy it more than I will." 

She thanked me and we switched seats, getting scolding looks from the flight attendants for standing up on the moving aircraft.". I watched her face as we lifted away from the ground, loving the look of joy that spread across it. She continued to watch until we flew up through the clouds and out of the storm. 

We continued to talk for the first hour or so of the flight, and I was entranced by her witty sense of humor and her obvious intelligence. After a while Noémie stood up and began unbuttoning her coat, saying that she wanted to get more comfortable. I had actually been surprised that she hadn't taken it off sooner, and often during our conversation I found myself wishing she would. I wanted to see more of what it was hiding. As the coat opened I was surprised to see that underneath she was wearing only a tank top. Obviously she had wanted to be comfortable for the flight and had not bothered with too many layers.

Whispering a silent thanks to whoever had placed her in the seat next to mine I admired the swell of her breasts pushing out the white fabric, her cleavage visible as she pulled the coat off of her shoulders. A sliver of skin showed at the bottom as well, her firm midriff the same bronzed color as her face. I felt my member, which had been semi-hard since she had entered the plane, give a pulse of excitement in my slacks. Her body was spectacular; the swell of her hips and bust giving a curvy, womanly appeal that had been hidden by the long coat. 

Realizing I was staring I lifted my eyes back to her face, catching a glimpse of a smile before she turned to slide the coat next to hear seat. This gave me a perfect opportunity to ogle the ass that I'd been waiting to see. As she bent slightly to stash the coat, her already tight jeans pulled even more across her bottom, which was level with my hungry gaze. My cock was now fully hard, bulging my slacks as I imagined having this gorgeous girl bent over in front of me.

Suddenly the tight denim seemed to loosen and then began to slide down her ass. I watched as she shimmied out of the jeans and stepped out of them, now wearing only a very small pair of black silk shorts and the white tank top. "Damn," I thought to myself as she pushed the jeans under her seat and sat back into her chair, pulling a blanket over her legs. At this rate I'd have to excuse myself to the bathroom before long for some relief. 

Once she was settled she again looked at me with a small smirk and curled up into her chair. Thinking that she probably wanted to take a nap, I figured it might be a good time for me to get some work done. I stood and made my way over to the storage rack and retrieved my briefcase. I knew that the bulge in my pants would be visible, but I figured no one would notice in the time it took to grab my case. As I turned back towards my seat I thought I saw Noémie glance furtively away from my crotch area and smirked to myself. I actually hoped she did see. I wouldn't mind her knowing that her body had an effect on me. 

Sitting down in my seat I pulled my laptop out of my bag and opened it, connecting to the Wi-fi that the plane offered. Glancing at her, I saw her drop off to sleep as I reviewed the documents for tomorrow's meeting. The lights dimmed around us as most of the passengers were either sleeping or watching the provided movie. I could not help but glance at Noémie often, admiring the curve of her breast that was visible down the front of her tank top as she was curled up in her seat. I couldn't believe she had gotten that long body curled up like that, and thinking of her flexibility kept my imagination quite occupied for the next few minutes. 

The sound of the pilot's voice announcing dinner suddenly blared out of the speakers and I snapped my head up. I realized that I must have dozed off while reviewing the paperwork. Sitting up straight I looked around, noticing that my laptop was now sitting on Noémie's lap and she was browsing the internet. When she saw me stir she gave me a sheepish look and explained that it had been about to fall from my lap but she had caught it. She had decided to check her email quickly to make sure her parents would be waiting for her at the airport and had gotten distracted. I told her that it was fine and put it back into my briefcase as our dinner arrived.

The rest of the flight was uneventful. My fantasies of talking her into joining me in the bathroom never really faded but I dismissed them as impossible. She was too young to be interested in someone like me, and what I took to be flirting was probably just her way of being nice. I longed to bend her over and claim her the way no college kid would be able to, but thoughts of my ex kept popping up. I guess losing her to my best friend had taken some of my old confidence away. I couldn't bring myself to come on too strongly to her.

When we finally landed I reached over and shook her awake, informing her that we had arrived. She shook herself awake and stood, pulling on her jeans and coat, covering up that gorgeous body. I took one last look, sure that I would never again get to see those beautiful breasts and curvy hips. Taking her hand I wished her a happy New Year and made my way off the plane. 

I made a quick stop in the restroom before heading for an exit. As I strode through the airport I caught a glimpse of her sitting at a table speaking into her cell phone. I waved, but she didn't see me. I had almost reached the doors when I realized that I didn't have the address of my hotel written down. Cursing softly I found seat and pulled out my laptop to get it from my email. 

As I opened it I saw that a folder had been minimized. Clicking the maximize button I was shocked to see that it was my porn folder. I kept all of my favorite pics, videos, and personal erotica saved in a hidden folder on my computer. It had definitely gotten a lot fuller during the last couple of weeks. I tried to remember if I had closed it properly before packing for my flight. Finally I supposed that I had not and closed it before opening up my email and finding the address. 

Outside I waved down a taxi and climbed inside. I had just given him the address when the door opened again and someone slid in next to me. It was Noémie.

"Noémie!?" I said in surprise. "I thought your parents were picking you up?" 

She gave me a grin and explained that she had told them to just meet her at their hotel. I continued to give her a confused look until quite suddenly she wiped it off my face. She leaned in and softly pressed her full lips to mine. She kissed me slowly, tentatively and suddenly I was kissing her back, pulling her face against mine as our tongues met and battled in each other's mouths.

I felt the driver pull away from the curb and didn't bother to inform him that we had separate destinations. Finally I pushed Noémie away and held her arms. I began to ask in French what she was doing but she cut me off. I realized that somehow her coat had opened and she was pressing those big lovely tits towards me, still barely covered by the tank top. 

"I found your collection," she whispered, again moving closer to me. "I saw your pictures, your stories. Did you write them?" Waiting for my nod she then said, "I was hoping that you would try something like that with me on the plane. Why didn't you Monsieur Stone? Am I not sexy enough for you?" Her hands found the front of my slacks which were bulging more than ever. The smirk returned as her hand cupped my throbbing shaft, which of course answered her question. 

"I didn't think you'd be interested," I said lamely, my hands seeming to move of their own accord and sliding the coat from her shoulders. 

Shivering slightly she whispered, "Oh Sir, I am definitely interested. I want to be the girls in your stories. I've never had a man treat me like that before. All of them just want to push their organ inside me and then they cum. I need more than that. Please sir?" 

Her eyes were staring up at me, her hand rubbing my erection through my pants, her other hand fumbling for my belt. With a growl I covered her mouth with mine, my hand cupping one incredible breast and squeezing tightly. She moaned into my kiss as my tongue forced its way back into her mouth, tasting and probing. The cab driver was forgotten as I lost myself in that kiss, my hands wandering over the body I had lusted after for the last fourteen hours. Her coat was thrown against the far door and I had pulled the tank top down one arm, exposing her breast for the first time. I gripped it tightly, her pebbling nipple digging into my palm. 

Finally she succeeded in opening my pants and her hand was clawing inside, her fingers circling my thick member and pulling it out into the air. As soon as it was exposed she ducked her head, her lips closing around the head and her tongue sliding around it in a circle. I groaned loudly and leaned back, pushing my pants down a little more to give her more room. Her mouth and hand were working my cock with an enthusiasm I'd never experienced. She seemed obsessed as she bobbed up and down in my lap, my cock disappearing further and further into her mouth. Looking forward I saw the cab driver observing in his mirror but could not have cared less at that point. 

My right hand slid down her back to her sexy ass and I gave it a squeeze through her jeans. Feeling her hips moving I realized that her hand was underneath her and obviously shoved down the front of her pants so that she could finger herself. "Time to test her," I thought and gave her ass a sharp slap. She squealed but did not take her mouth from my shaft. Leaning down I growled "Did you ask permission to touch yourself, little one?" A moan vibrated around my cock and I watched as a shiver went through her entire body. She did not respond but her arm shifted, pulling out of her shorts. 

Realizing that she had opened her jeans I grabbed the back and shoved them down her ass, forcing them off, pulling the silk shorts with them. I had expected panties underneath but instead found just her bronzed skin. I groaned in arousal, my cock twitching in her mouth as she continued her frantic sucking. My hand caressed her ass, squeezing each firm cheek before pushing the jeans even further down her legs. 

"Get those pants off," I growled at her and she instantly pulled up and off my cock, a string of saliva running from her mouth to the tip of my soaking shaft. "Yes sir," she said and sat back to pull the jeans off. She glanced at the cab driver who was watching as she contorted her legs into a position to pull the tight denim off of them. I knew that her pussy was on display for the driver and Noémie knew too. She looked back at me and paused, letting the driver get a good look. I could see the arousal in her eyes, the excitement of displaying her body to a stranger. 

As soon as the jeans and shorts were off I pulled her to me and maneuvered her into my lap. She pushed her breasts into my face and I responded by yanking down the tank top and her bra releasing both of her firm bouncing breasts. I eagerly sucked one into my mouth, my teeth sinking into the soft flesh as my tongue flicked over the nipple. Her gasp of surprise was followed by a moan of pleasure as my hand slid up and found her slit which was dripping wet with her hot cream. 

I continued to devour her breast, looking up at her. Her head was thrown back and she was gasping and moaning with each bite and flick of my tongue. Moving my fingers down I shoved one up into her, growling as I felt how tight she was. I didn't know if she could take my thick length but I had to find out. Removing my finger I pulled her downward, my stiff rod against her hole. 

With excruciating slowness she slid down my shaft, the tightest pussy I'd ever felt spreading open around me. Her moan was matched by my own as she sank down, finally taking all of me inside her. She sat there, breathing hard as I continued to use my mouth on her tits. Finally she seemed to adjust and began to slide up and down. I let her control the pace, knowing that she was stuffed fuller than she'd probably ever been before. 

Within moments she was bouncing on my cock, her gasps and moans coming faster and louder. "Oui, Oui, Oui," she moaned over and over. Wrapping my arms around her with a growl I pulled her close, my face buried between her tits and began lifting her up and down my cock. We furiously moved together, my cock pushing ever deeper into her gushing cunt. 

Reaching up behind her I grabbed her long hair and yanked it back, forcing a strangled gasp from her. "Cum for me, my little one," I said between gasps of my own. "Cum now!" 

Her scream echoed off the windows of the cab as she flew over the edge, her pussy spasming around me as she came. The pressure was so incredible I could hardly breathe as her body continued to writhe in my lap. I wanted to cum, I was ready to cum, I should have cum, but her pussy was clamped so tightly around me that the explosion could not come. I groaned in agony as I hung there on the edge, trying to fall off the cliff. 

Finally her body relaxed and she sagged against me. Her pussy loosened and the tidal wave that it had been holding back rushed through me with more force than I'd ever felt. Groans of pleasure ripped from my chest as my cock exploded inside her. I felt rope after rope of cum spraying from my tip against her inner walls. The spasms seemed to wrack my whole body as I continued to cum, long after I normally would have been spent. With one final jerk of my hips I felt the waves recede and I was able to sink back into the seat. 

Noémie remained on my lap, my cock buried inside her as she shivered with aftershocks of her powerful orgasm. Suddenly my phone began beeping in the pocket of my suit jacket. Pulling it out I realized that it was midnight. Flashes of light began appearing through the windows as fireworks exploded in the sky. 
