 Hey guys. This is the first erotic story I've published in a good 2 or 3 years. Long story short: I'm a different kid now. I've been going through a rough time lately. My mom thinks it's a mild form of depression. I stopped giving a damn about everything. To sum it up, I flunked out of college at the end of my 2nd year, in May 2014. I broke up with my girlfriend of 3 and a half years named Liv about a month later, and also around the same time stopped talking to my best friend Nate, and we haven't spoken since. I was an asshole to them both and I can honestly say I regret the way I treated them. I eventually wound up getting back together with Liv in December 2015 after a huge fight we had when she found out I was seeing a psychologist and didn't tell her, which was the topic of my last story I published before this one. The therapist is actually more helpful than I expected. And on top of all that shit, about 3-4 months after when this story takes place, my aunt was diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer, and the thought of her fighting it scares the shit out of me. I've always been a dry and sarcastic person but over the past 2 years, it's gotten to the point where I'm so sarcastic that I sound like a dick, and people have told me that directly. To be perfectly honest, I'm still not 100% ok, my life is a clusterfuck right now, and I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me mentally. I'm applying to colleges for next semester, hoping to go into engineering, pretty much the only career that appeals to me. Anyway, between breaking up with Liv and getting back together with her, I dated my mom's best friend's smoking hot daughter Meghan, who I've always had a thing for, of which she was well aware. We lasted a little over a year before mutually agreeing we'd be better off just as close friends, and ended it on good terms. This is the 100% true story of when we spent New Year's Eve 2014 (going into 2015) together. The title kinda sucks lol so I apologize.

*

"Matt, you've gotta relax, man. Stop moving your head."

"Sorry?" I said, spacing out and turning my head to look at her.

"Keep your head still!" Meg snapped.

She was taking me to a family New Years' Eve party tonight, and she had been trying unsuccessfully to trim my beard for me for the past half an hour. I was sitting on a chair in her bathroom, shirtless and with shaving cream all over my face, while she stood there with a razor blade and a frustrated look on her face.

She sighed. "Look, we're getting nowhere with this, and I've got shit to do. Just trim your beard a little, and then call it quits. I need to shower and put makeup on. Think you can do that for me?"

I smiled at her. "I'll do my best, love."

She leaned in and kissed my forehead. "Good. Leave a little stubble on your face. I like you like that. Goes with your hair and earrings." I was currently rocking a short military Mohawk as my hairstyle (and still am as I type this). I had also recently got earrings, tiny little black studs, nothing too flashy. I thought diamonds would look kinda douchey, so I opted for those instead. They kinda completed the Mohawk look and helped with my rockstar image. My name is Matt by the way, and I'm 22 (as I type this anyway, I was 20 at the time this happened). I played guitar and occasionally bass in a band. I was also a car junkie and an avid snowmobiler in the winter. I'm about 5'9", dark hair, greyish-blue eyes.

Now before I continue the story, let me tell you about Meghan, or Meg as she prefers to be called. We have something of a history, and it's kind of a long story so I'll sum it up. As stated earlier, I had been going through a tough time and had stopped seeing my old girlfriend Olivia, or Liv as she went by. She was in the same graduating class as Meghan, and all three of us went to the same high school. They both graduated the year before me though.

Now to say I had a thing for Meghan while growing up is a bit of an understatement. My mom knew about it and often referred to Meg's mom as my future mother-in-law. And Meg herself was well aware of it all throughout our childhood. Our parents were best friends, so I hung out with her a lot. She was the first girl I ever kissed. We were in a corn maze years and years ago around Halloween one year with a large group of friends. She partnered with me and unbeknownst to me, led me away from everyone else to a secluded part of the maze. She kept getting closer to me and remarking how we were "all alone here", and asked me if I had ever kissed a girl before. I said no, still completely clueless, and she said "Well guess what, you're about to", and just sort of came at me, and that was that. Neither of us ever told anyone. I also took her to a multiple school dances in high school. There had always been a mutual attraction between us, but we never dated until now. I was too much of a pussy to grow some balls and ask her out. Then I met Liv when I was 16 and fell for her, but my crush on Meg never truly went away. I would never have acted on it while dating Liv, but still.

As for looks, Meghan has always been a very pretty girl. With a pretty hot body to match. She had brown hair down to about mid-shoulder length, light blue eyes, and light freckles running across her cute nose. She stood roughly 5'3" and was in decent shape from playing volleyball in high school and college. Her legs and ass were to die for oh my God.....and she also had a bellybutton piercing and maybe B or C cup boobs. I consider myself a butt guy if you haven't guessed haha. Alright, now back to the story.

I smiled to myself as Meg smirked and left the bathroom. We had only been together for about 3 months, but considering how long we had been really close friends, it might as well have been our whole lives. I finished trimming my beard, leaving about what I would consider a 2 to 3-day beard, and wiped my face off with a towel. I walked upstairs to Meg's room where she had laid out my outfit to wear that night, a nice button-down shirt with a dark pair of jeans. I walked in to find her combing her hair and applying blue eyeshadow, making her gorgeous eyes pop. She was wearing a stunning pink dress that stopped mid-thigh and showed off her shoulders and pretty much her entire bare back. Needless to say I could feel my pants tightening.

She smiled at me in the mirror and motioned to the back of her dress where it wasn't entirely zipped up, "Do you mind? I think I've come undone."

I walked over and zipped it up, nuzzling her neck from behind and putting my hands on her waist.

She laughed and pulled away slightly, "Uh uh. Watch the makeup, hun."

I buried my face in her hair. Whatever fragrance she had used smelled amazing. "Oh my God, you smell good." She smirked in the mirror and turned and kissed my cheek in response.

We left for the party about an hour later. I loved her family, and still do. We played multiple rounds of beer pong with Meg's older brother Dan and her older sister Erin (who is on a whole different level of sexy and has been featured in some of my other stories alongside her sister). Meg is the youngest of three by the way. We watched the ball drop at midnight in New York City and unsurprisingly, Meg made sure to plant a long tongue-filled kiss on me.

Meg and I wound up leaving to go back to her house at about 1:30ish. Her parents had left a little before us, saying they were going home and going straight to bed. Erin and Dan both had their own places and no longer lived at home. We were both a bit drunk. It probably wasn't the greatest idea for either of us to drive home, looking back. Especially me, being underage at the time.

Anyway, we got back to her house and all the lights were out. Which was a good sign, meaning her parents were asleep. I wish words could describe how badly I was hoping to bang her.

We walked inside and both collapsed on her living room couch. Meg reached across me and grabbed the remote from the coffee table, kissing me hard in the process. She pulled away with a sexy smile and turned the TV on, tuning into the news at Times Square. It always amazes me how many people go there for New Years. It must be a clusterfuck.

We sat there for a few minutes cuddling and watching in silence, until Meghan stirred and got up, walking over to the fridge. "Beer?" she called over her shoulder.

"Please," I replied, fixing my jeans and hoping she wouldn't notice my boner. But then again, maybe I did want her to see it.

She returned a minute later holding a Corona with a slice of lime in it for me, and a wine cooler for herself. She handed it to me and leaned in and pecked my lips, sitting down on my lap facing the TV. I took a sip of my beer and set it down on the coffee table, wrapping my arms around her waist and pulling her in closer. She smiled at me and drank some of her wine. I could feel my dick growing again and tried to fight it, praying she wouldn't feel it pressing against her through her dress.

She clearly could though, and with a knowing smirk, she put her drink down and got up and turned around, sitting on my lap again but facing me this time. She leaned in close and kissed me gently. She pulled away after a few seconds with her hands around my neck and said with a smile, "You seem so nervous, Matt. Stop it."

I was terrified, truth be told. I wanted to fuck her but was afraid I wouldn't perform well enough. I wasn't about to tell her that though. Neither of us were virgins, but we hadn't had sex yet as a couple. So I just sort of stammered, "Ummm......well......you know......I, uh......shit."

She laughed, "Oh stop it! You're so cute." She smiled and kissed me again, a little harder this time, turning up the intensity and adding a little tongue. She bit my bottom lip gently and pulled away finally, and whispered, "Why don't you stay here, I'm gonna go put something more comfortable on. Something with, shall we say, easy access." She winked and got off me with a smirk.

She has to be drunk, I thought to myself as she walked upstairs to her room. I knocked back some more of my Corona and watched TV, trying to relax. God, she's hot. I can't believe she's actually mine.

I'm pretty sure my heart stopped when she walked into view a few minutes later. I totally choked on my beer, that's for sure. Meg had changed out of that sexy pink dress and into gray basketball shorts and a black and green polka dotted bikini top. And god only knows if she was wearing anything under the shorts. Her bellybutton piercing glinted in the TV's light as she came over to the couch. She stood in front of me, clearly teasing me, and leaned down so we were at eye level. With a smirk, she whispered, "Like what you see, huh?"

I stared at her in disbelief. "How the fuck did I manage to score you?"

She laughed and swigged her wine cooler. "By being you, love." She pushed me back into the couch and straddled me, sitting down on my lap, facing me again. She just sat there for a minute, her hands together around my head, more or less trapping me there, not saying anything. She just stared into my eyes with a playful smirk on her face, knowing damn well she was driving me crazy with lust, probably deciding exactly what she wanted to do to me. She finally said quietly, "So, Matt, I checked. My parents are both completely asleep. They're both out for the rest of the night. We've got the place to ourselves. So guess what....." she ran her tongue across her lips and leaned in and kissed me for about 3 seconds, before continuing, "......we.......have a lot of things to do before they wake up."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Neither could my boner. Meg must've seen it in my eyes, because she laughed and said, "I told you not to be nervous! You need to relax, man. Really. You know me well enough by now."

I tried to speak, but she cut me off by shushing me and putting a finger to my lips. "Shush. Not another word from you, mister. Just follow my lead, ok? And for fuck's sake, relax, dude!"

I snorted and she said with a naughty smile, "Good man. See? You're learning!" Before I could do anything, she had pulled me into a crushing grip and more or less shoved her tongue down my throat, pushing me even further back in my seat. I was kissing back for all I was worth. God, what a hell of a kisser this girl was. She certainly knew a few tricks when it came to making out. She broke the kiss suddenly, with a wet smack, and moaned into my ear. She took my hands and placed them on her ass, and the kissing resumed. She added lip biting this time, driving me crazy and making me wanna just pull her shorts down and stick my dick in her right then and there, clothes still on and all.

She finally pulled away with another audible smack from our lips breaking apart and said, "There, I think that's got your blood going enough. Come on, get up." She stood up suddenly and pulled me to my feet, taking my hand.

"Where are we going, shmeggy?" I asked with a smirk, calling her my nickname for her since kindergarten. I could never pronounce her name back then, so I called her that and it just kinda stuck.

"You'll see. It's a surprise."

The surprise turned out to be her hot tub on her porch. Despite it being January, it was a nice night, even with patches of snow on the ground, maybe 45 degrees. Meg let go of my hand and stopped to kick off her basketball shorts, hanging them over the railing. She turned out to be wearing a black thong underneath. What an ass this girl had, damn! She came over and pulled me into a rather violent kiss, fumbling with my jeans button and zipper while we were still lip locked. She finally pulled away, breathing fast and shallow, and pulled them down with my boxers around my knees. I kicked them off and just left them in a crumpled heap on the deck. I could see lust in her piercing blue eyes as she kissed me fiercely yet again, biting my lip a little harder than was necessary, which actually felt amazing and may or may not have drawn blood.

My shirt came off a few seconds later. I was now completely naked, and thanking god that I was in decent shape. I could see Meg checking my body out with satisfaction. I picked her up and kissed her heatedly for the millionth time and carried her over to the hot tub, her legs wrapped around me. I've always enjoyed hot tubs, but this was a first. We sat down in it and continued kissing violently, hot water up to our necks. I was completely naked, and Meg still had a bikini on.

I broke the kiss off and stared into her eyes as I reached behind her and untied her bikini top. She only smirked as it fell away, scooping it out of the water and tossing it over to where my clothes lay. I grabbed her boobs and squeezed, making her tense up and moan softly, her eyes closed. I leaned in and kissed up and down her neck, making her moan even louder and arch her back.

She hissed, "Oh my god, you're driving me crazy!"

I stopped and rose to eye level with a smirk. "Yeah well payback's a bitch, sweetheart." I kissed her mouth quickly and stood up, putting her at a very convenient blowjob height. I jerked my thumb upward and said, "Get up."

With a smirk, she obeyed. She leaned in and started French kissing me while I fumbled blindly for her thong, also making sure to grab that amazing ass of hers in the process. I slid the thong down to her knees and she kicked it off and tossed it with the rest of our clothes. I finally had her naked, something I had fantasized about for years. Carefully, almost sadistically, I ran a finger down her stomach and grazed her clit and vagina with it, but not sticking it in, hoping it would torture her.

Sure enough it did. She squirmed and moaned, her knees buckling. I started rubbing the outer lips of her vagina with my finger, slowly running it up and down, teasing her, all the while looking her dead in the eye with a sadistic smile.

She was like putty in my hands now. She shuddered and moaned, "Matt, for God's sake, stick your fucking finger in it, ohhhhhhh."

I obliged, making her grit her teeth and close her legs. "Oh right there. Keep going! Faster!" Her knees were shaking now.

I added another finger after about 10 more seconds, and a third another 15 seconds after that. She was on the brink of orgasm, her pussy was swollen and dripping wet. Then I stopped without warning.

She was clearly loving it, and opened her eyes and looked at me with disgust. "Seriously? You're really gonna do that to me?"

"I am, love," I said with a smirk. "Why don't you do something about it?"

She didn't reply, but got on her knees and smirked up at me. I knew what was coming and grabbed the wall of the hot tub for support.

I groaned loudly as I felt my cock enter the gates of heaven, the gates actually being her lips. She had taken the entire thing in her mouth but took it out quickly and hissed, "Shhhh! Shut up! You wanna wake my parents up?"

She popped it back in her mouth, making me throw my head back and grit my teeth, suppressing a moan again. She added tongue next, swirling it around the tip and making my knees almost give out. "Oh my godddddd," I moaned, looking down at her, her head bobbing.

I was getting close now. But she took it another step further, deepthroating me and humming, making my cock vibrate. "Jesus," I groaned. She pulled it out of her mouth almost all the way except for the very tip, torturing me in return now. She kept it in like that for about 5 seconds, just long enough to drive me nuts. Then she pulled it out completely and blew on the tip. The cold air on the head of my dick was a whole nother planet of sadism. Where the fuck did she learn to do that? Then she stopped. She fucking stopped. Leaving me hanging. Ugh.

I opened my eyes in time to see her take my hand and pull me down so I was sitting in the hot tub again, still with a raging boner. With a sexy smile, she stood up and straddled me, looking me dead in the eye as she lowered herself onto my junk, facing me, inch by agonizing inch. I swear she put it in slowly to torture me. I was only average size, maybe 5-6 inches, but it literally took a solid 20 seconds for me to go all the way in.

Her blowjob was already ridiculous to begin with, but sliding into her pussy was a step up on the intensity scale. It was literally about a 13 out of 10, burying myself in her balls deep, surrounded by hot water. She exhaled slightly and smiled at me as she started grinding her hips on me. It was all I could do to hold her waist and restrain myself. I gritted my teeth and tensed my leg muscles as she picked up speed, riding me now instead of grinding. Going into the warmth and tightness of her vagina and coming back out to be greeted by the hot water was just beyond description. I opened my eyes and grunted, pulling her closer and thrusting back gently. She moaned loudly and pulled me in closer, grabbing the back of my head and shoving it to her chest. I took a boob in my mouth and sucked like my life depended on it, squeezing and kneading the other with my hand. My other hand was on Meg's back to steady her. I stopped briefly and looked up at her. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her mouth was open in a silent scream.

It was a miracle I hadn't gone yet. It had only been about 3 or 4 minutes of actual penetration up to this point but still. I managed to grunt quickly, "Meg, honey, stop." She opened her eyes and looked at me in surprise, then understood. She got off me, my dick sliding out of her, coated in her juices. She stood up and bent over slightly, grabbing the railing of the hot tub. I got up too and took her from behind, the water up to our knees. I was expecting my knees to give out with every thrust, but I held on, my balls tightening gradually. I held her by her waist and tried to thrust slowly and control myself, looking down and watching myself penetrate her.
