 Everyone says you never forget your first sexual experience. I'm sure that's true for me, because the night I lost my virginity was so memorable that now, more than 25 years later, I still dream of that night in vivid detail. Of course, that night blurs together with the days and nights that followed to the point where I lose track of what happened when. Still, for me, it all began on New Year's Eve 1976.

I was a senior in high school, and had dated only a few girls. I must admit I was a bit awkward in the ways of love. I had done my share of heavy petting but had never had intercourse, or even had an orgasm with anyone. Cheryl had let me caress and even kiss her breasts. And with Ginger, I even managed to reach up her skirt and pleasure her during a very long, boring science class film. But whenever I tried to take it to the next level, the girls I dated wanted to wait. "Wait for what?" I thought. Marriage? Some drunken frat boy who won't want to see you in the morning? But, if nothing else, I was a gentleman, and would never think of pressing my advantage.

I had a feeling, though, that things might be different with Christi. We met in the spring of my junior year, when we both had roles in the spring musical. She was a sophomore, and a very talented pianist and dancer. She was my accompanist for music contest as well, and we spent a lot of time together over the summer swimming in her backyard pool and watching TV, usually with friends. Eventually, the relationship grew more exclusive -- and sexual -- and we started going steady in November.

I always thought Christi was cute, but she didn't get much attention from other guys. With her small breasts and wire frame glasses, she didn't measure up to the Farrah Fawcett posters that hung in guy's bedrooms that year.

Still, she had pert little nipples that often showed through her blouse, and her ass was a work of art -- all curves and motion. When she'd walk down the school hallway in her tight jeans, I'd watch her go, and always there was that little peek-hole of light right where her dancer's legs met that glorious ass. No one, I once heard actor Robert ("Baretta") Blake say, makes love like a dancer. God, I hoped that was true.

I had great hopes for Christi. Her kisses were divine and she was very responsive to my touch, moaning as I caressed her body through her clothes. She even responded in kind once, stroking my hard-on through my jeans as we made out on her couch, then giggling sweetly. Christy's father had died in an auto accident three years before during Christmas break, and Christi and her 15-year-old sister Sally usually walked on eggshells all during the holidays, as their mom tended to isolate herself in her bedroom, alone with her memories.

This year, Christi asked me to come over for New Year's Eve and stay the night in their guest room. Her mother said it was okay, and while she never said anything specific, the light in her eyes and the look of her shy smile told me that this just might be the night. We spent the evening upstairs in the guest room, which was a large finished attic space with a bed, two overstuffed chairs, a television and a small kitchenette stove and refrigerator.

We kick off our shoes and spent the night lying on the floor watching Dick Clark's New Years Rockin' Eve, and at the stroke of midnight, we kissed -- a slow, passionate kiss. Our tongues explored each others mouths. She began to suck on my tongue, which no one had ever done to me before. Then she slid her tongue into my mouth and I did the same. We lay on our sides beside each other on the deep pile of the carpet.

By this time, our hands were moving about each other. I ran my fingers through her auburn hair as I kissed her neck. Then I drew her to me, moving my hands across her back and down to her beautiful ass. She clutched at my back and moaned as I pressed my growing cock against her. Then...she gently pushed me away. "Great," I thought at first, "if she says, 'I don't want to' like the others, I'm going to leave." But I saw almost immediately that she had something else in mind.

I watched her as she slowly, achingly, undid her white silk blouse, pulling it off and casting it gently aside. Then she unfastened the front clasp of her lacy, low cut bra, letting her breasts rise with her breath. They were as small as I had expected, having caressed them before through cloth, but actually seeing them was a bit of a surprise. Small, but well defined, like half an orange.

"I know, they're small aren't they?" she said. But their size didn't bother me at all. The nipples were gorgeous -- a perfect aureola about the size of a quarter, with tips that rose up like a pencil eraser. I knew she was self-conscious about them, so I tried to put her at ease.

"They're perfect," I said. "Believe me, they're beautiful. You're beautiful. Besides," I said slyly, "I don't need any more than a mouthful."

With that I leaned over her and kissed her right nipple, then circled it with my tongue, eventually bathing her entire breast, licking the crease below and moving to the left breast to do the same. Christi moaned again, rolling her head back and running her hands through her hair as her eyes rolled back in her head.

I then kissed between the two lovely breasts, which were now glistening, and kissed my way slowly down her belly. God what a torso! All that ballet made her abs firm and flat, though not overly muscular. As I probed her navel with my tongue, I undid the side zipper on her mid-length skirt. I pulled the waistline down a bit to reveal the rest of her lovely torso and I reveled in the scent I was catching from her moist white lace panties.

Christi sat up, then stood, and took the skirt off. There she stood, towering over me in nothing but her panties. I drank her in. She walked gracefully, circling me as she spoke, and finally standing straddled over me as I lay face up on the floor.

"Well, you seem to have me at a disadvantage baby," she said. "Here I am with hardly a stitch of clothing on, and there you are fully dressed. Tsk, tsk, this will never do."

I had to laugh a little. With her long dancer's legs straddling me and her gorgeous near naked body hovering over me, I was the one at a disadvantage. She knelt over me, bringing her taut ass down on my stonelike cock, which was raging to get out of my jeans. She let out a little yelp as she felt my throbbing member press against her moist cunt.

She rocked a little on it, but then rose up a little and said "Hmm, first things first. Let's get you out of that shirt." She unbuttoned my shirt from the bottom, opening it up and then laying her naked chest against my own. As she dry humped me, she whispered in my ear, "Oh God, baby, this is so good. I want to see all of you."

She moved down my torso, kissing and licking me as she went, until her face was just above my zipper. Then she went down and kissed my cock through the jeans, pressing her lips firmly against me as I uncontrollably rose up to meet her. She continued to kiss me down there as she undid the top button and then drew the zipper down. My engorged cock was fighting to be free, and it actually protruded from the top of my briefs. Christi pulled my jeans and underwear off and caressed my throbbing member, staring at it, transfixed. Then she looked up at me.

"I-I've never done this before," she stammered. "I mean, you're the first boy I ever got even this far with and ..."

I knew what she was about to say. I'd heard the words before. But strangely enough, I didn't mind. Some girls were just teases when they said no, but Christi seemed somehow fragile, like she had gotten in over her head and was afraid but didn't want to just shut me down cold.

"It's okay, Christi," I said. "If you don't want to go all the way, I understand." I stood up and picked up my underwear, but she came closer to me and embraced me. We were both about 5' 10" tall, and when pressed herself against me, skin against skin, I knew the night was not over, although I had no idea how far from over it was.

"Nick, I just don't want to fuck, not yet," she said.

"But that doesn't mean we can't give each other pleasure in other ways."

She then took me by the hand and led me to the bed. I sat on the edge of the bed and drew her to me, kissing her navel as my hands caressed her ass and then traced the waist band of her panties, finally pulling them down to reveal the heavenly auburn triangle of hair on her pussy. I kissed her there, inhaling the perfume of her musk. She took my head in her hands and gently eased me back on the bed. She then leaned over and kissed my mouth, my nipples and tongued my navel.

"Please," I moaned. "Don't stop." She then lay on top of me, her face hovering over my once more raging staff, her hot moist pussy just inches from my face. I felt her warm breath on my cock as she encircled it with her hand...and then...I felt her lips, kissing the helmet of my manhood, then down the staff, kissing my pubic hair, then my balls, which she cradled in her other hand. The kisses became a tongue, which bathed my balls and rigid cock in mind-blowing ecstasy.

Then she playfully stuck the tip of her tongue into the opening of my cock, tasting the pre-cum that stood there. She laughed a low, sexy chuckle that I could hardly believe came from a virgin, and then enveloped the head of my manhood in her mouth. I was mad with desire. I took her ass mounds in my hands and drew her down to me, kissing her pubic mound and then searching out the slit of her pussy. I wanted to bury my face in that crack, to lose myself in her. But I also wanted this to last, and this was my first time performing cunnilingus. As I licked her slit, I search out and found her clit, a pink little bud nested in the petals of her love flower. I rolled my tongue around it slowly, then picked up the pace.

Christi was sliding as much of my eight-inch prick as she could into her mouth. The rest of it she stroked with one hand while massaging my balls with the other. As I began circling her clit with my tongue, she gasped and then began moaning. The vibrations of her moan shot through my cock like electricity, and I was going mad with lust. I ran my tongue down her pussy and then buried my face in her cunt, pushing my tongue deeply into her, then pulling it back and thrusting again. Her moans increased, as did my own. I felt my balls constrict as I was about to explode into her mouth.

"I'm...coming," I said as I came up for air before diving into her muff again.

"Don't stop," Christi groaned in a deep voice before taking me into her mouth once again. Her body flexed with my own, until we crescendoed in a mutual orgasm. She shuttered, then pressed her pussy hard against my face and shuttered again. I blasted a stream of cum down her throat and she swallowed it down, putting her lips tight around my staff and pulling me almost out of her mouth, then sucking the knob for the last drops.

We were quiet and still for a moment, then she rolled off me and quietly said "My God." I turned around and lay half on top of her, kissing her neck. After a few minutes of basking in the afterglow of our lovemaking, I heard a stirring downstairs.

Then Christi heard it.

"Christ, it's my mother," she whispered.

Christy's mom was at the bottom of the stairs. "Christi, come down here please."

"In a minute," Christi replied.

"Now, Christina Marie." I heard her mom's footsteps fade as she returned to her bedroom.

"Nick, put on your robe and go talk to her. Christ, she's going to kill me."

"Me?" I exclaimed. "What, are you crazy? We just...we just...Hell, she's going to think I just fucked her little girl. She's going to kill you? What do think she'll do to me?"

Christi looked at me with a trace of anger in her eyes. "Look, she's raising two girls, alone, and she worries about me. Now, you go down there and tell her that we weren't fucking, or I swear I will never go down on you again."

I couldn't bear the thought of losing what we had just discovered, so I grabbed my robe and went down to her mother's room.

The door was ajar, and I could hear her crying inside. I mustered up my courage and went in.

"Christi, how could you do that when...oh it's you," She said.

"Christi will be down in a while," I said. "I just wanted to tell you...to say, well, we weren't doing what you think up there."

"What, do you think I'm stupid?" she said. "I could hear you Nick. Damn you."

"No, I mean, I just wanted to tell you that we weren't...that we were doing other things. Christi is still a virgin," I said. "So am I, I guess."

She was sitting on the edge of the bed in a blue satin robe, her elbows on her knees and her face buried in her hands. She looked up and wiped the tears from her face. I saw the glimmer of a smile glide over her lips.

"Well, if an 18-year-old boy is willing to admit he's a virgin, I guess he's telling the truth," she said. "You know, it isn't easy raising two teenage girls alone, with no father."

I went over to her, still seated on the edge of the bed. "I'm sorry about your husband," I said. "I guess it must really be difficult this time of year."

Tears welled up in her eyes and she put her arms around my waist and cried softly. I felt her breasts pressing against me through our robes. I also felt my hard-on coming back. Her crying slowed and then stopped, but she still had her arms around me. I looked down at her, and she pulled away a little and looked up at me.

I could see down her cleavage at her ample breasts, which still were brushing against my semi-erect cock. A smile came to her lips. Our eyes met, and she held me transfixed in that gaze for a moment, then said quietly, "It's been so long." She untied the belt of my robe, then her own. Her breasts were quite different than her daughter's -- full, easily a 40D, with large dark brown areolas the size of silver dollars. Her nipples were large as well, as big around as a pinkie finger. I had always been more of an ass man, but those luscious tits were a sight to behold. She lay her hand flat against my upright member, lightly brushing it with her palm and fingers.

"I haven't been with a man since my husband died," she said, circling my manhood with her long slender fingers. "Let me know if you want me to do something."

She then leaned forward and grabbed my ass, putting my dick between her breasts. She moved her chest up and down, stroking my cock in her cleavage. As I got the rhythm she started, she let go of my backside and took hold of her own breasts, pushing them together to heighten the friction on my now throbbing cock.

"Mmmm, this is so good," she said. "Do you like this?"

"Yes, God yes," was all I could say. I could feel the pressure building in my balls already, but so did she, and she leaned back, taking my aching manhood from between her breasts and licking her lips.

"Did Christi suck you off?" she asked, stroking my cock lovingly. "Did you eat her?"

All I could do was nod yes and mumble a soft "uh-hmm." Geez, I was about to get a hummer from my girlfriend's mother, not 15 minutes since I had just shot my wad in Christi's mouth! "Well, let's see what all that moaning I heard upstairs was all about," she said.

She took my cock into her mouth, sliding up and down the first six inches of the shaft. Then, she paused for a moment. I could feel the helmet touch against the back of her throat. Then suddenly, it was as if something unlocked in her throat and I felt my full length taken into her mouth. Her nose was buried in my pubic hair as she sucked and gulped, her throat thrumming as the pitch and volume of her humming rose.

It was unbearable. I shot my load down her throat, and she pulled back and filled her mouth with my cum.

"I hope there's more where that came from," she said. She got up off her knees and totally removed her robe, as did I. "So, honestly, Christi didn't fuck you?"

"No," I said, barely able to find my voice. "She said she didn't want to yet. I think she was afraid you wouldn't approve."

She laughed. "Well, she was right. I'm not a prude, I guess that's obvious, but I wanted her first time to be special. I wanted her to find the right boy. I think maybe she did."

She lay back on the bed, pulling one knee up and parting it to give me a view of her pussy. The black curls of her mound glistened, and below the petals of her pussy were wet and pink. I felt myself aroused again. "I just want you to know, Nick, I'm not going to say no to you. I would love to be your first."

I moved to the bed and got on my knees, licking her thighs, then her bush. She raised both knees took my head in her hands. "Mmmm, yes, baby. Oh, oh, lick me please. The whole way. All of it. Suck my clitty baby, oooooh Nick. God yes, oh fuck!"

I took my finger and rubbed it in her hole, which was tight and muscular. She bucked against the thrust of my finger, all the while rocking my head against her clit. "OOOOhhh, Nick, oooooh..."

She clamped my head between her thighs and froze for a moment, then spasmed uncontrollably.

"Nick, oh god, fuck me, fuck me now," she pleaded.

I scrambled up on top of her, and she drew her knees up to let me in deeply. I felt my chest rubbing against those marvelous breasts, and her hand took my cock and guided it into her hungry pussy.

"Yes, darling, that's it. I can take it all, more, more," she pleaded.

I began to pump for all I was worth. Her tight pussy was throbbing as she took all of me into her. I felt my balls slapping against her ass. She lifted me up off her chest until I was almost kneeling, and she wrapped her long legs around my waist.

"Oh Nick, kiss my tits, kiss them while you fuck me." I raised her breasts to my mouth as she continued to rise up and meet my thrusts. I could feel the top of my head coming off as the drug of our lovemaking coursed through our bodies. We melted together. I couldn't tell where her body ended and mine began. I felt suspended in space, weightless, until the tingling of my balls told me I was about to come once more. Suddenly, her eyes got wide as she sensed my impending orgasm.

"No, lover, not yet. I want you to fuck me from behind," she said in my ear.

She quickly turned over and raised her voluptuous ass to me. I scrambled around behind her and she reached between her legs and grabbed my throbbing cock, guiding it into her hot box. From behind, I could feel myself going far deeper into her, and the sensation of pumping her sweet cunt from behind was sheer ecstasy.

"Oh baby, yes!" she cried out. "Oh rub my clitty. Keep going! Fuck!!!"

I reached around her with one hand to roll her nipple between my finger and thumb, and with the other hand I found her clit and rubbed it up and down with my middle finger, all the while keeping my turgid cock thrusting into her cunt.

"Yes, ohmigod,ohmigod, ohfuckohfuck, yesnick," she muttered rapidly, as if she were in a trance of some kind, speaking in tongues. She arched her back and shuttered, grasping at her own tits and then falling face down into a pillow. Her pussy contracted around my cock and I shot my load deep in her, then I pulled out and plowed my still jizzing cock between the cheeks of her ass. I slid it up and down in the valley of her buttocks. I collapsed on top of her as I spent my last in the small of her back.

After a moment, I rolled off her and lay there, breathing deeply. She nestled in beside me on her side and said "Do you suppose Christi heard us?"

Christi! I had forgotten all about her. She must have heard us, and she said she was coming right down.

The panic must have been clearly written on my face because Christi's mom said "Don't worry hon. I don't think she'll mind. After all, wasn't it her idea for you to come down here to see me?"

Then it hit me. This was planned all along. My beautiful Christi, who loved me and wanted to help me lose my virginity. Christi, the loving daughter, who wanted to help her mother overcome the memories of loss and experience love again. She was an excellent actress, making me think she was angry with me when she ordered me downstairs to talk to her mom. And Mom, for her part, cried real tears for the loss of her husband, but allowed herself to feel like a woman again.
