 The plane landed softly on the runway. As we pulled to the gate I made a few last notes in my Blackberry regarding everything I need to accomplish during my week in New York City. It was going to be a very busy trip. My company sent me here to set up a new distribution center and I had already done a lot to make this new place a success. 

After the seatbelt sign was turned off, the plane came alive as everyone tried to crowd the aisle at once. Overhead doors were banging, bags were being pulled every which way. I stayed in my seat; there was no rush to join the masses pressing towards the door.

After fifteen or so minutes, the aisle was mostly clear and I stood up. My legs were grateful to be moving again after the 4 hour flight. I grabbed my carry on, slung my handbag onto my shoulder and made my way to the front of the plane. I still had plenty of time to get my luggage, find a cab and make my way to the hotel. 

Next came a completely hellish ride through the city in a taxi driven by someone with a death wish. I was never so happy to get out of a moving vehicle before in my life. I paid the fare; the tip I gave the driver was more for sparing my life than anything else. As I walked into the double glass doors of my home for the week, my cell phone rang. Probably someone from work making sure I arrived okay. I smiled when I saw the number on the display. Scott Harris was one of my favorite clients and I had given him my number in case there was ever a problem with one of his orders when I wasn't in the office. 

"Hiya babe, what's up?" I asked as I made my way through the lobby. Scott and I have become more than just work contacts and had evolved to playful flirting over the phone and by email. He had a sexy voice and I always got turned on whenever he called. 

"I just called the office and someone told me you were in New York. Why didn't you tell me?" I hadn't had a chance to call him. Once I found out I would be making the trip things got very busy and he hadn't called to place any new orders. 

"Maybe I wanted to surprise you." Like a good Southern Belle, I tried to play coy and charming with him. I actually had planned to just show up at his office and see what happened. We had never met face to face. I told him the purpose for the trip and gave him a brief rundown of my plans. 

"Do you have time for drinks or dinner?" he asked, sounding a little eager. Actually dinner tonight sounded great. I promised to call him in an hour after I had time to check in and unpack. I hated living out of a suitcase, so I wanted to hang up my clothes and get settled. 

As promised, I called his office an hour later. I was beginning to get excited and a little nervous about meeting him in person. Our conversations always left me wanting more. I knew he was slightly older than me, which didn't bother me in the least. I have always been more comfortable with older men. We agreed to meet in the bar in the lobby of the hotel for a drink at 6:30 that night. We had long since told each other the basics of what we looked like. I would be looking for a well built man in a navy blue sweater and khakis with brown hair and green eyes. 

I had an hour to kill before we would meet so I fired up my computer and double checked my agenda for the next day. After making a few calls to check on other details, I changed into the nicest thing I brought on the trip, a simple navy blue dress. I was not one to buy into the hype of the quintessential little black dress. Most of my time this week would be walking through a warehouse so I didn't need much more than pullovers, pants and comfortable shoes. I brought the dress on the off chance I needed it. Okay, I packed it in case I carried through with my plan to meet Scott. 

After a final touch up of my hair and makeup, I grabbed my bag and headed downstairs. The butterflies were working overtime as the elevator descended to the lobby. I took one last deep breath as the doors opened. The bar was on the far side of the hotel. My shoes clacked across the tile as I walked through the lobby. I stood in the doorway and scanned the room. At a table to the left I saw a very handsome man sitting alone with a drink. 

Another deep breath or two later, I made my way to where he sat. "Scott?" I said almost meekly when I stopped at his table. All I could think in that second was "Oh my, I hope this is him." The man before me was even sexier than I had pictured. 

"Tracy? Hi." His eyes locked with mine for what seemed like an eternity but was likely only seconds. "Wow," now it was his turn to whisper. 

"It's great to finally meet you." Did we both just say that simultaneously? He stood up and leaned in to brush my cheek with his lips. I caught a hint of his cologne; it was intoxicating. He motioned for me to sit beside him and waved to get the server's attention. Although I wanted something stronger to calm my nerves, I ordered a glass of zinfandel. 

While waiting for my drink, I studied him. His eyes drank me in as well. A smile spread across his face. "I can't believe we are finally face to face" he said. My glass was set in front of me as I nodded in agreement. I brought it to my lips and took a slow slip. Although we had talked a lot in recent months, we both seemed to be at a loss for words.

"I am sorry I didn't call when I found out I would be in the city." I explained that I had planned to stop by his office to meet face to face. No pressure, if nothing clicked, it would be a simple business meeting. He chuckled at the thought of me showing up at his office to surprise him. Knowing him as I did, I was sure he was picturing a scenario with me showing up in a trench coat and not much else. It was my turn to laugh at that image. 

"What is so funny?" he asked. I told him what I was thinking and he laughed. "Maybe." A classic Scott response when I could tell his thoughts were more than PG rated. The sexual tension was beginning to fill the space between us. The conversation turned lighter as we both sipped our drinks. The topic of dinner was brought up and he asked if I would like to go to a great steak house he knew, Peter Luger's, in Brooklyn. It sounded like a great idea so he made a call and requested a table for a little later that evening. 

The bar started to get crowded and noisy as it filled with business travelers finished with their meetings and appointments. Scott and I were beginning to have a little trouble hearing each other. I leaned closer to him so he wouldn't have to yell. His cologne again filled my senses. A mental image filled my head of taking him to bed. He smiled as he sensed what I was thinking. We still had an hour to waste before we needed to head to Brooklyn. 

Our glasses were nearly empty and I stood up and reached to take his hand. Realizing we weren't staying he threw a couple of bills on the table and took my hand. We walked into the quieter lobby and toward the elevator, my heels again tapping on the tile. I pushed the elevator button and put my arm around his waist. He placed his hand on my back and I could feel the heat seep through the fabric of my dress. 

Once inside the elevator, I pushed the number for my floor and watched the doors softly close. I turned to face Scott and it was my turn to brush my lips across his cheek. He turned his face and his lips met mine. It was a gentle kiss that ended all too quickly when the doors reopened. We stepped out and I fumbled in my bag for the room key. Like a gentleman, Scott took the key from my hand as we reached the door to my room. My heart was pounding as the latch released; he opened the door and gave me back the key.

I set my bag and key on the desk and turned to say something to him. Before I had a chance, his mouth was on mine in a kiss I felt clear to my feet. What I wanted to say was forgotten as I melted into his embrace. His tongue parted my lips as the kiss grew more passionate. 

I found the bottom of his sweater and my hands slipped underneath. I was desperate to touch him. He backed away and pulled the sweater over his head. I let out a small gasp at the sight of his muscular chest and reached out to pull him closer. His hands found the zipper on the back of my dress. We continued to explore each other as I felt him pull the zipper down slowly. Seconds later, the dress was in a pile at my feet and I was standing before him in my purple lace panties and bra. He stood back to look at me. His expression was hard to read but I had my answer soon enough when he pulled me back into a kiss that left me unable to think. 

He found my nipples and caressed them through the fabric. He bent his head and kissed my skin at the top of the lace. My mind reeled and before I could recover, the bra was on the floor with the dress. I wasted little time unfastening his belt and pants, which, with his briefs, fell like my dress. It was my turn to stand there and stare. As sexy as he was dressed, he was hundreds of times sexier undressed. His body was hard and firm but smooth to the touch. His manhood stood proud, obviously grateful to be freed of its confines. 

We stepped out of the heap of fabric on the floor and I led him to the bed. He stood before me as I sat on the edge of the mattress. The bed left me at the perfect height to place a kiss on the head of his throbbing cock. It jumped as I heard Scott inhale swift and deep. Feeling bold by his reaction, I lightly licked the silky skin. Scott gasped again and let his fingers trail down my chest to my nipples. It was my turn to gasp when he lightly pinched the rosy buds and rubbed them between his fingers. 

I wrapped my fingers around his cock and took him fully into my mouth for the first time. He held his breath as my lips moved down his shaft. When I came back up I gently sucked him while my fingers held him tightly. I fucked him with my mouth for several minutes until he pulled away. 

He pushed me down on to the bed and stripped my panties off. I squirmed a little further up on the bed as Scott brought his body to mine. We kissed hungrily. His cock found my aching, soaked pussy and he wasted no time entering me. Our bodies fused together and I wrapped my legs around him. He pounded me and it felt unbelievable. My velvety hole sucked him in and squeezed tightly. My breathing was ragged as I felt my orgasm soar to a fiery peak.

"Scott!!!!" I screamed as wave upon wave of pleasure coursed through me. I felt his cock pierce me two or three more times before he gritted his teeth and impaled me hard one final time. His orgasm was so powerful I could feel the jets of his cum pulse deep inside my pussy. He collapsed on top me. 

"Damn" he swore as we lay tangled together trying to catch our breath. "That wasn't supposed to happen." My smile must have waned a bit but he quickly kissed me and added, "I wanted to take things slower, pleasure you until you begged me to stop and then fuck you silly!" I laughed. 

"When I catch my breath, I will reassure you that I have no complaints." I kissed him while running my fingers up and down his back. We lay silently for several minutes as our breathing slowed. I felt smug at the thought that I derailed his plans to slowly seduce me, instead causing him to take me so quickly and with such power. 

He rolled off to lie beside of me, his arm wrapped around my stomach. We were quiet for several minutes. "That was incredible," I whispered to him. His response was to lean over and kiss me again. My tongue slipped between his lips and met his. A soft moan sounded in his throat. The only other sound in the room was the comical growl of my stomach. I was so nervous I never ate lunch.

"If we shower together quickly we can still make dinner" he said, laughing. Reluctantly we climbed out of bed and padded naked to the shower. I started the water as he stared longingly. We both stepped in and I pulled the curtain. The warm water felt wonderful. I took the bar of hotel soap and rubbed it between my hands. Instead of using it on myself, I started rubbing his back, with slow, deliberate strokes. I massaged his neck and shoulders as he moaned his appreciation. 

He turned around as I rubbed my hands on the soap again. I ran my fingers along his neck and down his chest. I stopped just shy of his waist line and moved back up again. He took a turn with the bar and began caressing my shoulders with his slippery hands. He turned me so he could concentrate on my shoulders and back. It was my turn to moan. 

We switched places so he was under the cascade of water. Feeling bold, I dropped to my knees. With my tongue, I started licking the water droplets from his hard length. "If you keep that up, we won't make it to dinner," he said with a huge smile. The only thing I wanted to taste right now was him. I slowly licked his full length as another groan escaped his lips. "You don't play fair." I shook my head with his cock still in my mouth. He braced himself on the wall of the shower while I sucked his length further between my full lips. 

Not one to let me have all the fun, he lifted me up and moved me until my back touched the cool tile wall. He leaned over and took his turn collecting the water as it dripped from my erect nipples. The contrast of the cold tiles and his warm tongue was erotic. His fingers trailed down my body until he found the junction of my thighs. His fingers slipped between and I parted my legs slightly to allow him to find my slick folds. He gently bit my nipple as his thumb stroked my hot button. I grabbed the wall to steady myself as I closed my eyes and reveled in his touch. 

The ministrations to my nipples stopped for a brief second. I opened my eyes to see Scott dropping to his knees. My legs parted still further as I watched him bury his face between my legs. His tongue ran up and down my long pussy lips. He ran his hands up the back of my legs and they almost buckled. I was so aroused I knew it wouldn't take long for me to orgasm once his tongue found my clit. He continued to lap at my pussy. Just when I thought I couldn't take any more, his lips found my clit and sucked it in. I came, screaming. He mouth stayed firm as my body continued to spasm. 

He stood up and our lips met. The kiss was firm and hungry. His hands roamed over my back. I could feel him firm against my eager body. He reached down and lifted my leg up so my foot rested on the edge of the tub. With ease, he slipped his eager cock between my legs into my warm, willing pussy. We rocked against each other for several minutes, him sliding in and out of me. I had never before been so completely pleasured. 

I felt his body begin to tense as the white heat of my own orgasm raged to an inferno. I screamed his name while I squeezed the walls of my channel tighter against him. His own explosion followed right behind mine. We stood there for another minute enjoying the sensations and the feel of each other. 

The warm water started to wane so we both hurried to shower off again. He reached to turn the water off while I stepped out to grab two big towels off the bar. I covered myself in one as he wrapped the other around his waist. We dried off in silence. 

One look at the clock told me we missed our table. We walked into the bedroom and sat together on the bed. After a short discussion, Scott picked up the phone and placed an order with room service. While we waited we made casual conversation punctuated by an occasional touch or kiss. 

Moments before the food arrived, Scott stood up and put on his pants. "Wouldn't want to be caught with my pants down when the door opens" he said, laughing. I wrapped myself in my bathrobe and cinched the belt at my waist. 

The food soon arrived and we sat at the table, laughing and talking. The meal wasn't fancy, omelettes, home fries, fresh fruit and bottled water; but it filled our stomachs and renewed our energy. The conversation was easy; talking to him was always a bright spot to my day. 

Scott walked across the room to the night table and turned the radio on to a station playing something soft and easy. He came back to me and took my hand. I stood and looked up at him wondering what he had in mind. He lifted my chin and planted a soft kiss on my lips. He took me in his arms and we swayed together to the music. The warmth of his hands on my back melted my insides. He trailed kisses down my neck as the song changed. My hands caressed the smooth skin on his back as a soft moan escaped my lips. 

He loosened the tie on my robe as we danced towards the bed. The cool air combined with the sensual touch of his lips hardened my large nipples instantly. Scott took it as an invitation to suck on one, then the other. White heat began building deep inside of me when he laid me down on the soft comforter. The sides of my robe fell open. His tongue continued a trail down my body, stopping next to plant light, almost ticklish, kisses across my stomach. 

As he slid further down the bed, his finger found the warm, moist folds of my pussy. His touch was light. During one of our late night phone conversations Scott mentioned that he wanted to slowly draw my arousal out. He told me he would make me beg for him. I was torn between accepting the challenge and giving in quickly so I could feel him inside of me again. 

My pussy was on fire as his tongue lightly touched my lips. I felt a finger enter my passage while his lips found my hard little button. Almost involuntarily, my hips began to move trying to increase his contact. The more I squirmed, the lighter his touch became. Damn, this man was really going to make me beg. I let out a soft moan and he sucked on my clit ever so gently. He alternated inserting and removing his fingers from inside of me and sucking me. 

My hips had a mind of their own, rising in an eager attempt to increase the pressure of his tongue. Scott was licking me slowly, like I was his favorite flavor of ice cream cone and he wanted to make it last. He allowed me to travel so close to the edge before easing his touch just long enough for me to feel frustrated.

"Please, baby." I begged. Scott was way too good at this. I wanted to let the tidal wave of pleasure overtake me, but he wasn't about to let me until I truly begged. My clit was under attack from his tongue, licking me in quick short strokes. "Oh god, Scott...please!" I continued to plead with him. 

"Please what baby?" He took his mouth away from my pussy and asked me with a sly smile. I ran my fingers through his hair attempting to push his head closer. I was so close. I squirmed and wiggled under his mouth. "Tell me...tell me what you want" he said.

"Scott, please baby, let me..." before I could finish asking he plunged two fingers inside of me. His lips found my clit and he sucked on it no more than two times before I came. It was an explosion of lights and colors I had never experienced before. My body shuddered violently as he continued sucking. I was panting as if I just ran a marathon. 

"Of god, baby, so..." I couldn't think of a single word to describe how amazing he made me feel. He stood up and removed his pants. Sitting on the edge of the bed, he motioned for me to sit on his lap. I was not surprised to find his cock at attention. I eagerly straddled him and felt him slip deeply into my soaked pussy. I took the initiative and began lifting and lowering myself. 

He took one of my taut nipples in his mouth and sucked it. I knew I would come again from his attention. I placed my hands on his muscular shoulders to brace myself as I raised and lowered myself to his lap, tightening my pussy with each stroke. His rapid panting told me he would soon feel the sweet bliss of release he just allowed me. I lowered myself all the way down on his legs and clamped my pussy down firmly on his throbbing cock. He screamed as he emptied himself deep inside of me. 

We fell back on the bed together and covered with the blanket. Feeling incredibly relaxed, I must have dozed off. I awoke a little while later to find he was gone. For a moment I thought it had all been a wonderful dream. I stretched out further on the bed; my hand brushed against a piece of paper on the pillow next to me. I opened it, and through sleepy eyes read "T- I left so you could rest for work tomorrow. WOW! Can I see you tomorrow night? And this time you let me buy you dinner, please! -S" I drifted back to sleep dreaming of tomorrow.