 When I woke up the next morning, the events of my wedding night were still fresh in my mind. Joseph and I had moved apart at some point and as he slept peacefully next to me, I admired his athletic naked physique. My thighs and groin were still slimy with semen; my new husband had propelled such an enormous quantity of his warm seed into my fertile vagina that plenty had leaked out again over me. In fact, the slippery sensation over my smooth bald pussy lips, combined with memories of our passionate love making, quickly made me horny for my handsome man.

I looked over at Joseph again and quickly formulated a plan. Luckily he was lying on his back, and when I peeked under the covers I saw that his long floppy cock was slightly turgid. I wondered if he was dreaming about me and resolved to wake him up as gently as possible. I reached over and lightly stroked his lower stomach and inner thighs with my fingertips, and Joseph murmured quietly in his sleep. Trying not to shift the mattress too much, I got onto my hands and knees and crawled over under the covers to face his big shaft. On all fours my pert tits were dangling down, and I took the opportunity to drag them across Joseph's rapidly swelling bell-end, and to press them around his shaft as I moved up and down. 

After a few moments I was desperate to take my husband's organ back inside me but I thought my pussy might still feel a little tender after Joseph's energetic impregnation attempts the night before. Tucking my tousled hair behind my ears, I leaned down and ran my pointed tongue from the base of his shaft up to the shiny tip. I continued to lick my husband's cock like this, depositing saliva as I went and occasionally dipping my tongue into his cute little opening. I recognised the musky flavour of Joseph's ejaculate and it sent tingles down my spine as I imagined how potent and powerful his sperm was. 

I couldn't control myself any longer so I sucked my husband's shaft between my slippery pouting lips and began massaging my tongue around the head of his cock, slowly at first but sucking firmly to encourage his shaft to thicken and swell. I felt Joseph's hand in my hair and grinned up at him. Without breaking eye contact, I took his cock slowly back into my mouth and pressed it as far down my throat as I could. I hadn't mastered deep throating all of my husband's long shaft but about six inches gradually disappeared past my spitty lips and into my warm, wet mouth. Joseph stared at me with an expression of amazement.

"Serena, baby, I still can't believe you're my wife. I'm so lucky to have you. And I thought women didn't bother with blow jobs after they'd dragged someone down the aisle?" I looked up at him again and carefully rubbed his cock over my chin, my lips and my cheeks. A shiny mixture of my saliva and his dribbling precum coated my face, marking me as his and showing my commitment to pleasuring him in this way. Chuckling, Joseph took my head in his hands and pressed my face down towards his groin, driving his engorged member deeper into my throat than ever before. I held my breath and concentrated on pleasing my new husband. I rippled my cheeks around the length of his cock and maintained constant pressure on it with my soft warm tongue.

"I still think you should ejaculate in my pussy, darling. I love taking your semen down my throat but I want to become pregnant as quickly as possible." After a moment I looked up at my husband and he nodded in agreement.

"Of course. But this feels so good, Serena. Keep going for now and I'll tell you when I need to penetrate you properly." With this assurance I sucked his cock with renewed vigour. With his hands on the back of my head guiding me, I bobbed up and down at an increasing pace. My saliva was dripping all over my husband's genitals now and I quickly spat on his perineum before reaching down to stroke him there as I continued to blow him. Joseph's swollen organ completely filled my mouth and throat now and I felt my pussy clench when I imagined being claimed and used for my husband's pleasure like this. I was out of breath from having my throat invaded so regularly by Joseph's cock and I started moaning breathily with every penetration. At my chin, his testicles were large and tight and I recognised the signs of my husband's imminent climax. However, his strong hands remained in my hair and I let him continue to pound his cock past my lips over and over. I love my husband so much and I trusted him to keep to his word.

"Now, Serena! Turn over! Take it in your pussy." Joseph grunted and quickly withdrew from my mouth. However, my husband had succumbed to the pleasure of my oral ministrations, and it was obviously too late. As I leaned up to reposition myself, his erect sexual organ stiffened completely and shot out a thick stream of creamy cum straight towards me. I was startled by spurts of warm gooey semen on my chin and my neck, and as I shuddered, copious squirts hit my chest and my tits, dribbling down over my nipples and running in rivulets between my small breasts and down onto my stomach. I had been amazed at the volume of semen Joseph ejaculated the night before, but his supply seemed to have been completely replenished as more and more slippery sperm shot towards me. I kneeled up and looked at him, cum dribbling over my jawline and glistening on my small perky tits.

My husband leaned back, panting heavily, and crossed his arms behind his head as he appraised his new bride. I knelt in front of him, arms by my side, letting his warm ejaculate coat my soft young flesh. I stuck my tongue out and savoured the hot cum splattered on my chin. Joseph quickly reached over, grabbed his phone from the bedside table and took a number of photographs of me perched like that. My face was flushed and radiant with arousal and love for my husband. We had made a few sex tapes before we were married, to tide us over during business trips et cetera, and it made me wet to think of my husband collecting pictures of me at my sexual prime, revisiting them later to imagine my presence as he jerked off alone.

"I'm sorry, baby. Your mouth felt too good, I couldn't help it. You look so fucking hot covered in my jizz. And I did leave a lot of cum in your pussy last night." I was slightly deflated when I realised the copious amount of Joseph's semen which hadn't reached my fertile womb, and I looked up at him with a mixed expression as I started massaging the semen into my skin, grasping my slippery tits and tweaking my pert nipples. 

"I'm ready to carry your child, Joseph," I said, with a serious expression. "But I sure was desperate to taste your cock this morning. Let's not think of it as a waste of sperm but just a pleasant diversion." I smiled at him and he looked relieved.

"I'm so glad, baby." Joseph beckoned me and I snuggled down into the nook between his shoulder and his arm. Holding me tightly, my husband kissed my head and assured me he would make me pregnant soon.