 Just divorced from her first marriage. She'd gone into that first marriage as a real, true virgin; never having had sex or even so much as kissing and petting with any other until her husband. Then after marriage, when she knew that he should have at least taken the same kinds of initiative she had already observed in common animals rutting, her husband turned out to be hyper-shy...afraid to so much as touch himself, lying flat on his own back on their bed and leaving it up to his wife to find ways to get him hard and then for her to mount herself on top of him and ride his medium-sized six inch cock for about five or six strokes and then he would come... and that was not enough for her.

She gradually became irritable for feeling starved for sex, especially anything at all remotely like having her own orgasms. It didn't seem fair to her that it was so easy for her to make her husband come and he did literally nothing for her at all. 

Inevitably from the initial dependency on his wife to create the sex acts for both of them, her husband eventually became so dependent on his wife that he stayed at-home when he could easily have worked. He made more and more demands on her to supply them both with all their needs, yet without compensating her hard work with even a show of love so that after eight years of that love-less-ness she snapped away from him like a string pulled too tight and paid for their uncontested divorce herself. 

And now she was "free", that divorce was finalized, and she felt starved for what she had still, after eight years of marriage, Still had Never had! some good wholesome healthy and natural sex with a willing man, 

or several, maybe?...hmmm, several men sounded pretty good to her, at that moment! After all those years of her only man's near-unresponsiveness, she was way past merely ready for a good, long sexual romp. She was actually sex-starved. 

So on her next weekend off from her work, she takes a train in to the City and goes to part of that City's "red-light" district where there are several swinger's clubs. She chose the second-largest one because she just wanted straight or strictly heterosexual sex with none of the variants or (what was called at the time) "kinkiness", and now that her eight years' worth of tension as well as curiosity were about to be relieved, she slowed down a little. After all, she was now 28 years old, in her own eyes practically a "matron"; and, besides, she had her entire weekend to spend, planning to leave in enough time to take a train back to her own town before her next work day. So she checked in to the swinger's club, which most of them, including this one, offered free membership to any women, as well as special bouncers hired by the club to make sure that if any of the women had the slightest objections or refused any attentions, that they had the protective arms of the club's bouncers to back them up. Just having the provisions of the club-bouncers on hand alone was the one factor that attracted many women to exercise their own sense of adventurousness. 

The newly divorced 28-year-old was one of the extremely rare breed of completely fearless women and merely interested in the fee membership and general cleanliness of the club. (membership included showers, towels, a locker to put your clothes and valuables into where you could wear the little key either on a wrist or ankle, soft drinks and snacks "on the house"). So after our fearless 28-year-old walked in and filled out the forms and presented all her ID, got her little locker with it's key and exchanged her clothing for one of the big wrap-around towels for the ladies...she turned around at the main double-doorway to the inner-club entrance and surveyed the scene a moment. There were two pair of big club-bouncers in very short shorts on either side of the main inner entrance and three more just inside, each with the club's name and logo on their shorts. Surely they were for keeping out non-membership males as well as keeping the peace for the valued (and relatively few) single females in attendance. Along one side of the wall was a bar with another of the club's bouncer-types as a formidable bartender that had four or five plainly off-the-street women taking in soft drinks and barside snacks, each with their towels on. Against three other sides of the walls were half-booths , much like doorless walk-in closets, each with a single-bed-wide shelf built into its wall and mats on top of those shelves, one of them had a couple engaged in missionary-style fucking, the others were empty at the moment, in the center of the room was almost a small slightly raised centralized and extra-large round mat, around the size of a queen bed, she guessed, with two more curved partial walls on either side of it and that was occupied by a young black lady enjoying herself with a suitor and occasionally and very pointedly looking around and Then crying out ...she wanted everyone's attention "on her", she wanted to be sure she was getting that attention! And in the area between the bar and the "central" area were an overstuffed couch and plenty of cushions with some five or six young men...plainly awaiting someone just like our newly-divorced, fearless and sex-starved 28-year old! 

Happily she removed her own towel and one of the bouncers discretely put it into a laundry chute in the wall. Right away, before her smiling self, three of the young men waiting for possible partners lined up before her! She could choose one at a time, or two or all three if she liked! 

And she thought to herself that she would still like to remain in control at least of the situations and so she decided "one-at-a-time" and picked the first fellow before her who seemed to be well muscled, about a head-and-a-half taller than she was, but she was about medium-sized in every respect she knew of...and on another whim she reached around his waist and hoisted him up into the air...WHOA! He was LIGHT as a FEATHER! When she let him back down he ducked away, actually blushing and about as non-plussed as a young man could be because the ladies standing by the bar had burst out laughing at the fearless young woman's suddenly lifting a man almost twice her own size up into the air. (the 28 year old was amazed and asked how was it that the guy weighed nearly nothing!???, one of the grinning bouncers said "steroids"...ohhh! So the guy's muscles weren't the dense, hard-earned sort because he must have taken steroids) .

The next two guys were nearly laughing, themselves but they each had their hands up, "giving in" and begged our 28 year old not to do that to them! Okay, okay, she said, then did an "eenie-meenie-minie-moe" between them and picked a suitor as randomly as possible. Taking him by the hand to one of the empty open-booth "bed-shelves", she told her fellow that she had a contraceptive sponge "in" and if he felt it getting dislodged while they were having sex just let her know, she had another in her stuff in her locker. Oh, she was nearly dripping with pussy-juice just in sheer anticipation! Her beau-of-the moment took off his waist-towel and spread it on the bed-mat for her, down she went, happily onto it, letting him know that it was the first time she had ever gotten to be "on the bottom" for a good fuck. Then all she had to do was smile and tell her beau, "Come on and fuck me good, Baby, I'm about starved for some real sex!" ...the fellow had half a hard-on just being there, but when she said that to him his cock flagged up into a full salute (she thought "Hooray!!!"). 

And as soon as he plunged it into her hot, already wet and hungry cunt up to the hilt she reached around his chest and hugged him close and tight, SO GRATEFUL, she had no words to express! She had his head next to hers in that hug and she whispered in his ear "Fuck me, FUCK me!", and oh, boy was he ever happy to comply!, but he only was able to give her a few good, hard strokes and then he erupted into a hot, steaming-semened orgasm.

Even THAT felt better than what her ex-husband used to do!, not stopping for apologies (at coming so fast) the fellow pulled out of her hug and threw himself head-first between her opened legs to the very first real muff-diving she'd ever had, either! Ahhh! She appreciated this! Yet another bit of sexual attention that her ex-husband had never performed! Hey, and it felt pretty good, too! The fellow was highly skillful with his oral ministrations to her...she felt him suck her clitoris into his mouth and flick it with his tongue...WOW! That felt GREAT to her! After just a few minutes of this she was shuddering in the first orgasm she had felt with any man in years! Now THIS was NICE!

The next thing she was happy to see was the fellow standing beside her with a renewed hard-on and an even bigger smile than before and she exclaimed in joy and reached to guide the lovely, slightly bouncing cock into her pussy, now wetter than ever from her own and his come. As he slid his cock into her still-hungry cunt she breathed "Ahhh, THAT's Better!" , and this time she didn't grab onto him but let him begin that beautiful pumping rhythm and soon "joined" him by pumping her own hips in time with his thrusts...now she felt the renewed stoking of her own orgasmic fires, hotter, and higher with each and every welcomed thrust!...Soon they were each panting out-loud and now she felt how his cock inside of her was actually vibrating as it began to shoot spurt after spurt of hot come and that natural vibration tripped her over into another all-over orgasmic charge of her own. (Who yelled?, she vaguely thought...was that me? Whooo! I feel GOOD, NOW! ) The fellow dropped to his knees thanking her over and over, but he was completely "spent", now. 

Oh, in THAT case, she thought, ...she wanted More! And stood up at the shelf-bedside just long enough to beckon another fine fellow to come on and give her what she most wanted! (I'm not kidding, she really did just that...I ought to Know! :)

This was downright FUN! She wanted to keep being fucked and keep coming until she couldn't move! She wondered if that were even possible? Well, she thought to herself, let's find out if it is! 

Oh, boy!, the next fellow's cock was sweetly stiff and as ready as he could be! Once again, she warned him to let her know if her little sponge became dislodged, but it was still sitting snugly on the end of her cervix, deep inside her still hungry cunt...All's Well! 

Okay, this fellow was not so tall as the other one and so she dropped both feet to the floor, positioning her hips right on the edge of the bed-shelf and let him fuck her while standing at the bedside ...even now she just couldn't help still moving her own hips in time to the rhythm of his so-welcomed fucking. Yet only a few minutes later the man was crying out in breath-forced grunts while her hot, tight cunt made him come. Now she just looked over at the "seated" gallery with a smile and waved-in the next suitor. The next able-bodied male stepped lively at her merest gesture of invitation! This one had a somewhat latino appearance, well, it didn't matter to her what anyone's ethnicity was, so long as he was "clean", and, being a paying member of the club, the guys were all nicely clean. Not all were very handsome, but so what?! She'd never thought of her own self as any great shakes as a looker, either! And what did it matter, either way!? At that time, and back in the year this all happened...it didn't matter one whit! One thing she didn't yet know was that although she'd had a couple of orgasmic reactions, it had not yet been the kind of total-body-involved orgasm that would leave her so hyper-sensitive she would not want to be touched any further (just like the supreme orgasms she was putting her suitors though, when they were so completely "spent", they each found it unbearable to have their just-spent cocks touched even slightly, and could hardly even stand to replace their waist-towels! :) 

Well that was one experience she was yet to enjoy and had always-before only imagined. Her latest suitor had a very fine plan for her best enjoyment, yet! He'd watched the other guys with her, of course, everyone had!, and had seen her reactions to the first muff-diver. Her newest beau-of-the-moment did, indeed have a good plan...he would fuck her until he felt himself right on the edge of his own orgasm, and stop, pulling out and then diving to eat her sweet, juicy pussy and roll his tongue around and around her clitoris until she came into a little crying-out-loud orgasm of her own and then look at her for her approval while he resumed fucking her again, then pulling out before he came and diving for that sweet dark blonde muff of hers again and making sure he got her to come with his tongue before again rising up to plunge his still welcomed cock deep into her still-hungry cunt. (ahhh, she thought, that's really better, if they can't stay with me to fuck long enough, what this guy's doing is really very considerate! Ahhh, I feel SO good! ((she thought)) this is what I've been missing and hardly even knew it for eight too-long years! Oh, man, don't stop!) "Yes!" she called out-loud, for he was up and fucking her again for it seemed like the twentieth or thirtieth time and she had come over and over, but now, now she felt a rolling charge of a super-orgasm building up ...the first in her life! "Don't Stop!, DON'T Stop...DON'T STOP!!" she yelled, half sitting up to grip him by his muscled butt cheeks and driving him into her , gripping deep into his butt's muscles and pulling him into slamming fucks into her suddenly supercharged cunt, she felt a suffusion of heat and a tingling electric wave ERUPT from her hips' center and swiftly wash throughout her entire body...then suddenly the beau was screaming out his own orgasm and she was screaming out in hers! 

When she came-to after a moment,( it seemed that she had actually fainted from coming so hard and the beau was turned-around trying to admire the grip-bruises she had inadvertently dug into his butt...she had not meant to have hurt him, but the fellow seemed actually proud of both his performance and his bruise-souvenirs :) ...it was to a round of applause from the mostly men who had all come closer to her "booth" to watch. "Hey, thanks", she said "I think I can use a shower, now" , and she when she got up her knees buckled a little and two of the onlookers offered to help, but she righted herself, accepted a fresh towel for the shower-booths and reveled in the instant warm water for a few minutes...she nearly fainted a second time right in the shower but caught herself before sliding to the floor. Stepped back out re-wrapped in the fresh towel and asked for an orange juice. Two tall glasses of orange juice were brought and she gulped down the first and then more slowly sipped the second. 

That helped her to recover from all the heavy sweating and coming she'd done.

WOW, now THAT was SOMEthing! 

Now she came back out to the gathering-room but this time to the extra-wide white couch with all its excess of cushions all around it. Look at that! They'd set up a movie projection screen, one of those new back-lit ones specially made for projecting movie tapes. The men were all standing, now, and several of them beckoned her to come and be comfy on the couch and one of the bouncers asked her what would she like to watch...some kind of comedy!, what what popped out from her, she was feeling really cheerful now and wanted to share that! They had a new movie just out with Rodney Dangerfield, Bill Murray and a goofy puppet gopher (now you have some idea how MANY years ago this was! :) and soon she was laughing so much at all the slapstick antics that this caught-on for the bar-standing ladies and just a couple of the guys. What else she found funny, though she wouldn't tell it, was the supposed-to-be "bedroom-eyes" looks from two of the plain business-type-bland guys sitting behind her on some of the cushions, so that every time she looked around to share the laughter, and these guys were trying so hard to "look" like they were sexy, she wound up laughing even more...it was like two comedies at once! 

Finally, when the movie was done, she also felt refreshed and recovered and "ready" for just a little more...ONE more sexual romp before calling it a night! The attention-loving lady was long done, apparently she'd been inadvertently upstaged by our 28-year-old's real-thing performances in her search for sexual satiation. Our 28-year old fearlessly sang out "Okay, Guys, who's ready for some more?!" (all hands raised up, most of the guys put up both hands :) and she was drawn to the one with the sweetest smile out of all the guys there. Taking him by the hand they went to the queen-sized raised mat in the middle of the room and she told him she still had her sponge "in", stop and let her know if that got dislodged, but she'd like to be fucked in her cunt from behind, because she'd never had that from her husband and always wondered how it felt.

Once again, the man took off his waist-towel and spread it on the mat for her and she took off her own towel and also spread it on the mat, Hooray, was HE ever ready! She really enjoyed the sight of such a hard and willing cock and the welcoming smile above it! 

She got down on her knees and he got down on his, behind her. Oh, MAN, her cunt was still so freshly wet and juiced-up from all the earlier stimulation, and now she wanted MORE fucking! 

She felt him almost carefully slide himself into her...OOOHhh, that felt good, and she rocked herself on him! A hard-rock disco-type tune was playing on the loudspeakers and she rocked against him, then had him fucking her in time to the hard-driving and pounding beat of the music...she loved the new sensation of a man's balls slapping up against her clit...and the way this entirely new angle felt inside of her...truly sensational! And then he was clenching his legs and coming in hot, shooting spurts...oh, she wanted more! She fearlessly called out "Come On! NEXT! I want more!" and she really had no idea who was behind her, now, nor did she care; she so wrapped in all the fantastic sensations of this kind of fucking. The latest fellow still had the pumping musical rhythm to follow and he sure did that, with gusto! She had better luck with the latest fellow, because he seemed to last just a few more minutes than the last guy and she felt herself coming again when this one came in her..."AAhhhh, that's better!", she thought to herself. "Okay, guys, that's enough for me, at last, maybe I'll see some of you here the weekend after next, hey?" And she went back to the showers with yet another clean towel, but then changed back to her street-clothes , went out and had a nice steak dinner (beefsteak after beefcake, hey? :) and then took the train back to her own home. You're wondering? Well, wonder no wonder, yes she did go back after that couple of weeks, but, no, since this is a real-life's history, there not so much of "fireworks" as the first-time visit So you've just gotten the best the "first" time. OH WELL! 

(true story and I'm still alive to re-tell it :)