 A month before my wedding I told my fiancé I didn't want us to be intimate again until after we were officially husband and wife. I liked the idea of letting the sexual tension build up over time until we were finally alone together on our wedding night. The other reason was we had decided to try for a baby as soon as we were married - I needed a month to come off my birth control pills and restart my menstrual cycle and just for tradition's sake I didn't want to conceive out of wedlock. My fiancé Joseph reluctantly agreed my arrangements but it was a really difficult time for both of us. 

Joseph and I fell in love five years ago, when I was eighteen and he was twenty-three. Our relationship flourished because we had fun together and shared values, but also because of my insatiable lust for his strong, athletic physique and throbbing eight-inch shaft. Like any strong and virile young man, Joseph relished my naked body and we maintained an exciting and fulfilling sex life long after the initial lust wore off. We'd always been a very sexual couple and since moving in together eighteen months ago had been in a satisfying routine of making love every evening, most mornings, and often in between as well. 

In the month before the wedding there were a few times when I had to disentangle myself from Joseph's strong muscular form and take some deep breaths to avoid being overcome by lust and letting him take me on the sofa or the kitchen counter. At night I kept myself covered up in my least sexy flannel pyjamas and stayed well over on my side of our double bed. I suspected that Joseph was having regular cold showers and jerking off when I wasn't around but I knew he understood my reasoning.

Our wedding day went without a hitch and we were so busy with friends and family that my thoughts didn't turn to making love until my new husband carried me over the threshold into our luxury hotel suite that evening. Joseph's strong arms cradled me close and I leaned up for a gentle kiss as he carried me over to the large bed and laid me down on it carefully. He leaned over me on the bed and kissed me again, softly and slowly, then sighed with a mixture of contentment and lust. I stood up and pushed him down onto the edge of the bed then, keeping eye contact with my new husband, I slipped my simple wedding gown down over my shoulders until it fell in a pool at my feet.

Joseph groaned when he saw what I had been wearing under my dress all day. I usually made an effort to wear nice lingerie for him but for my wedding night I had planned something particularly arousing. I was wearing a very skimpy white bra made of transparent lace that completely exposed my stiff pink nipples. As I stepped out of my dress and straightened up my small perky tits bounced gently inside the stretchy lace cups. The back was tied with a white chiffon ribbon that matched the bows at the sides of my tiny white thong. 

The thong was made of the same see-through white lace, with a tight elastic edging that dug into my pussy lips and kept it tight against my flesh up past my vagina and over my little anus. The small surface area of the thong and its transparent material meant Joseph could easily see that my genitals were waxed completely smooth and that my pink labial lips were beginning to redden with sexual desire. I was also still wearing my white stiletto heels as I pulled my dark brown hair down and let it fall in soft waves over my delicate shoulders. My little tits wobbled gently as I arranged my hair then climbed onto the bed on my knees, straddling Joseph and noting his prominent erection with satisfaction.

Still straddling my new husband, I pressed my tits into his face and rubbed them up and down as I gyrated in his lap. His hands clutched are my bare arse cheeks and he groaned with desire as he kneaded the soft flesh left exposed by my skimpy white underwear. I leaned back a little and looked him in the eye. 

"I belong to you now, my darling. Are you ready to consummate our marriage?" I giggled at the novelty of these words and leaned in for an increasingly urgent kiss, pressing my tongue past Joseph's lips and moaning into his mouth. "I want you to take me, darling, and penetrate my tight hole. My body is ready and waiting for you to make me pregnant. I can't wait much longer."

Joseph grabbed me by the waist and threw me down on the bed underneath him, planting kisses all over my body and mauling my tits and my arse as he pulled of his clothes. I squealed in jest and scrambled away from him but he grabbed my ankles and pulled me back towards him. Now he was completely naked and I could see my husband's huge throbbing member dangling over me, perilously close to my juicy little vagina. He cradled my face and reached down with one hand; before I knew it he had roughly pulled my underwear aside and thrust his hot organ deep into my receptive vaginal canal. He immediately started thrusting hard, pushing his cock further and further into me until he was buried to the root in his gasping bride's tight pussy. I could feel Joseph's turgid cock completely stretching and stuffing my hole and rubbing pleasurably against my cervix.

"Christ Serena, you're so tight. It's unbelievable. You made me wait too long for this. I'm gonna pound my new wife all night." Joseph's weight and strength pinned me to the bed, and he held my wrists as he grunted and continued to penetrate my little vagina forcefully. My elastic thong was gathered in my groin at one side as my husband's large sexual organ pushed into my body. My swollen labia were slick and shiny with sexual juices and were being spread wide open by every stroke of Joseph's cock. My pussy had tightened after a month of no sex and it was now stretching pleasurably around Joseph's swollen member. My pert little tits jiggled with every penetrative thrust and my ineffectual lacy bra had been pushed down to expose my hardened nipples, which dragged across Joseph's muscular chest as he moved above me. My squeals grew higher pitched as this forceful intercourse stimulated my clitoris and drew me towards a shivering climax.

Before I could orgasm, my husband pulled out of me and roughly tugged at my bridal lingerie until it was torn off. He turned over onto his back and positioned me right above his pulsing penis, then slammed upwards into my slippery pussy. I settled down on top of him, my thighs splayed wide over Joseph's strong firm body, allowing him the maximum depth of vaginal penetration. I sat up straight and groped my tits as I bounced on his thick cock, staring my new husband in the eye and gently biting my lip. Joseph's hands found my waist and he manoeuvred me up and down on his shiny shaft, looking between my face and my pussy lips. 

When Joseph looked down he could see his wide organ stretching open my smooth bald labia and disappearing up into my rippling vaginal cavity, and I could feel my husband's loaded testicles slap against my bum cheeks as we writhed against each other. I tingled with arousal at the thought of his hot sperm pouring into my unprotected vagina. He moved one hand down to my clit and stimulated it slowly with his thumb while I continued to wriggle up and down on his engorged member. After a few moments, the gentle tickling sensation of Joseph's hand at my clit, combined with the relentless invasion of my tight vaginal canal, tipped me over the edge into climax.

I threw my head back and let out a guttural moan as my pussy twitched and convulsed around my husband's huge cock. I leaned backwards on my hands and as I was swept away by intense sexual pleasure, Joseph could see my sexual secretions dripping out from between my labia and coating his pubic area. I collapsed onto his chest, panting, and held him tight to my sweaty body as I recovered from an incredible, all-consuming orgasm. My pelvic muscles continued to spasm involuntarily as I settled down in my husband's arms, still straddling him, and sighed with contentment.

"So baby, was it worth the wait?" Joseph chuckled as he pushed my hair out of my eyes and tipped my chin upwards to look at my flushed face. "I love you so much, Serena. And I'm glad we abstained for a while because now you're ripe for impregnation. I'm going to fill you with my warm cum until your pussy overflows with it. My strong sperm will enter your womb tonight and you will carry my child." My quivering pussy made a quiet squelch as Joseph withdrew his thick, erect organ and pushed me off him. Still in a daze from my shivering climax, I slumped face down onto the bed. I felt the mattress shift as he climbed on top of me, his knees on the outside of my thighs and his hands by my shoulders.

I was lying face down and my husband lowered his body down on top of me, with his legs pushing mine together and his arms holding my hands tightly by the sides of my face. I was completely overpowered and pressed deeper into the bed as my husband settled his weight onto my body. He wasn't uncomfortably heavy but I could hardly move at all as his thick erection pressed between my arse cheeks and slid gently up and down, lubricated by the copious vaginal secretions released during my orgasm. Joseph kissed the back of my neck and his breath tickled my ear as he whispered to me.

"I hope you're ready for my cum, my darling. Once I've filled you up there's no going back." I was overcome with joy and love as my husband adjusted his hips, pushed my thighs open slightly, and slid his thick cock back into my hot little pussy. Slowly at first, he pulsed in and out of me, still holding my arms very tightly and resting his face in the nook between my shoulder blade and the back of my neck. At this angle, Joseph's cock pressed deliciously against the front wall of my vaginal canal and I shivered in his strong arms as his toned pelvic muscles pressed into my pliable buttocks. I managed to stretch my lower back upwards and adjust my hips a little in order to straighten my vaginal passage and allow my husband to penetrate me even more deeply. He sighed with pleasure as he claimed his new bride and increased the pace of his thrusts as his climax drew closer.

Just as my toes tingled and I felt a delicious warm orgasm flooding through my belly and clenching in my genitals, I felt my husband stiffen on top of me and press his organ deep into my pussy, all the way towards my little cervix. He groaned and exhaled quickly as his hot cum shot up through his lengthy shaft and into my eager vaginal cavity. His swollen bell-end was pressing tightly into my cervix, ensuring the potent seed had the best chance of entering my womb and impregnating me. Joseph stayed very still and held me in place tightly as his semen continued to squirt into me, flooding my passage and swiftly travelling into my reproductive organs. I could feel hot spurts in the depths of my vagina and I knew his sperm were coursing upwards into my fertile womb. I gasped as more semen pulsed into me in ropes, splashing inside my tight pussy and eventually leaking out around the thick root of my husband's shaft. 

Pinned underneath him, I was in ecstasy as Joseph thoroughly inseminated me. As his heavy testicles emptied themselves into my receptive sexual organs, Joseph clenched his buttocks as if to expel as much potent semen into my vagina as possible. Excess cum frothed in my perineum and around my groin, mixing with our combined sweat and dribbling down onto the bed to form a large round wet patch. Joseph sighed quietly as he slumped over my small frame and ejaculated the final remnants of his fertile semen towards my unprotected womb.

After a moment, Joseph pulled me sideways and I was more comfortable as he spooned me from behind and his muscular body was not weighing down on mine. With his hands gently cupping my slightly sweaty tits, he snuggled into me and we fell into a deep sleep with our sated sexual organs still tightly entwined.