 I live in a typical suburban neighborhood, all streets are cul-de-sacs and the houses are all nice and well kept. It is the he perfect place to raise kids, and enjoy your neighbors. Enjoying my new neighbor Katie is an especially wonderful perk of living in this neighborhood. It all started shortly after Katie moved in next door, she had recently divorced, and moved into the neighborhood with her four children to get away and start over again. Our kids immediately became friends, and were often seen outside playing on nice summer days. I met Katie at the annual neighborhood pool party that summer. People bring food, there are activities planned for both adults and children, it is an all day affair. There is always a lot of food, and plenty of booze for the adults, no one has to worry about driving home.

I had been laying in one of the chaise lounges enjoying a beer, and watching some of the ladies in their swim suits, while I pretended to be asleep behind my sunglasses. I felt someone sit down next to me and I turned to look over. It was Katie from next door.

"Hello, I'm Jon, I haven't had a chance to come over and introduce myself. I am your next door neighbor."

Katie shook my hand replying, "Katie, I have seen you come and go, our kids are getting along quite well, as if they have been friends for a long time."

We spent about an hour conversing on all kinds of topics, while the kids played and my wife was with her circle of neighborhood women gossiping.

Katie and I had the same sense of humor, a somewhat twisted view of things, but funny nonetheless. We chatted and flirted easily with each other. Before long though the kids were back and the mood was broken.

"Hard to get a good conversation with children around", Katie said rolling her eyes.

"I agree, maybe we can continue our chat sometime when we won't be interrupted." I replied.

Glancing over to where my wife was with her circle of friends, Katie said smiling, "I doubt if your wife will let you come over and chat with me."

"That is true; hmmm do you use instant messaging software? I am online late working each night after everyone goes to bed, easier to chat then."

Katie agreed and we exchanged instant messaging Ids.

The next evening I was working online, my wife and kids having already gone to bed, when I saw Katie sign on. We had the best chat I have ever had on-line, full of laughing, flirting, and just plain silly fun. Looking down I noticed we had been chatting for 3 hours. We both were pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to converse, and agreed to meet again online the next night.

Over the course of the next several weeks we would chat just about every night, and the chatting got more and more sexually charged each time. There were many nights of fantasy filled chatting that lead to some very hot cyber sex, and a couple very intense phone sex chats. We both agreed that we need to have some time together alone, but were not sure how to arrange that what with kids, wife, jobs, etc.

One day my wife told me that she needed to travel to visit her mother who was having some health issues, and she was going to take our kids to visit with their relatives in the town. They would be gone rest of the week and through the weekend. If I could be lucky enough, this would be the weekend Katie's ex had the kids!

That night I waited to see if Katie would sign on, hoping that this would work out for us.

"Hey there sexy" came the message from Katie.

"Hello baby, I have good news for you, this coming weekend wife and kids will be out of town, I could be all yours!"

"Hmmm, this is like hitting the lottery, guess where the kids will be this coming weekend?"

"Yeah!!!!!!!" is all I replied. 

We discussed if we were ready to take the next step and agreed that we were, so plans were made for me to come over that Friday evening after everyone was gone.

The day finally arrived, and I was so nervous and filled with anticipation I could hardly sit still. After kissing the wife and kids goodbye and watching them pull away, I took a shower and pulled on some jeans, no underwear, and tee shirt, slipped into sandals and headed next door.

Entering the back door, which Katie usually kept unlocked for the kids, I made my way into the kitchen, and could see her standing in the living room next to the sofa, talking on the phone to her kids who had left hours earlier with their dad.

Katie was wearing sweat pants, with Nike logo across her round lovely ass, and a white tee shirt. I walked up behind her and touched her back; she jumped, turned, smiled, and gave me a signal that she should be done in one minute. I didn't want to wait; I pulled her hair off her neck and leaned in to kiss her neck. She tried to wiggle away, but I held her in my arms, kissing her neck and nuzzling her earlobes. I could tell she was trying to maintain her composure as she finished up her conversations. Not stopping I slipped my hands down and under her tee shirt. Sliding them slowly up her belly, they came across her wonderful bra-less tits, my hands ran over them for the first time. They were bigger and felt better then I ever imagined. Katie gave me a half hearted stare trying to get me to stop fondling her as she spoke with her kids, but the seriousness of the look was betrayed by a smile and wink.

I continued feeling her tits, running the nipples between my thumb and forefinger, they were so hard, and I could tell she loved the teasing. I kissed her neck fondled her tits, then took one hand and slide it down her naked back, lower until I felt the waist band of her sweat pants. I slipped my hand inside her sweat pants and ran my hand over her nice round ass, Katie had a great body even after four kids, and her ass was one of her best features. I had spent many nights dreaming about getting my hands on it, and here I was standing in her living room rubbing her bare ass.

Hanging up the phone and removing my hands from her shirt and pants, she pushed me back onto the sofa. 

"You are a very bad man", she said with an evil grin on her face, then jumped on top of me on the sofa. We embraced and started kissing, Katie on top of me grinding against my hard cock. My hands were in her hair, pulling her tight against my lips, as we kissed long and passionately, tongues dancing, lips on fire. Breaking she stripped my tee shirt off and I pulled her's over her head. She laid down, her nice big tits crushed against my chest. My hands on her back, dragging my finger nails up and down her back, making her tingle. She kissed my chest, back up to my mouth. My hands found her naked ass once again, and with both hands I squeezed and fondled it. Katie sunk down to the floor on her knees, between my legs. She looked me in the eyes as she undid my jeans, slowly sliding the zipper down. She smiled at the surprise as my hard cock popped out of my jeans. Looking it over, then running her tongue slowly around my head, my cock twitched, and grew even harder. She worked my jeans off and then slowly kissed her way up my legs, higher and higher. Coming to my cock, she stuck her tongue out and slid it slowly up the underside of my cock. Long slow lick up to the head, I was in heaven. Taking just the head into her mouth, she sucked on it; I could feel her tongue swirling over the slit. Her fingers formed a tight little circle around my cock as she started jacking me up and down. Taking more and more into her mouth, until all my cock was in. She looked at me with those sexy eyes, and swallowed, the suction on my cock almost made me cum right then. Katie sensed that she had me now, and wasn't about to let up, she sucked my cock, played with my balls, trying to get me cum in record time. I couldn't hold out long, being with her was what I dreamt about for months, and now it was happening.

"I am going to cum soon", I said breathing hard.

"Cum for me Jon", she whispered in her deep sexy voice.

That was it, she took me all the way in and I exploded shot after shot of cum into her mouth. She swallowed it all, keeping a tight seal on my cock. After I had finished unloading in her mouth, she slowly pulled her mouth off my cock, cleaning up all traces of my cum.

Laying back and catching my breath, Katie reached down and took my hand, pulling me off the sofa, and leading me back to her bedroom. Once there she slid out of her sweat pants and crawled into bed, holding the cover up to crawl in next to her. I slid in next to her and started kissing her lips, face to face we were laying, snuggling and kissing, Katie's leg over my hip. I kissed along her neck, her earlobes, back to her lips. Then making my move to please her, I pushed her onto her back and started kissing her chest. Straddling her legs, I leaned in and took one of her tits into my mouth, sliding my mouth over as much as I could stuff into it. I paused, swallowed to create suction, slowly pulled my mouth off her tit, leaving just the nipple between my lips. I tugged her nipple, pulling her tit, then released it and watched her tits jiggle as it fell out of my mouth. My fingers slid down to her pussy and began teasing her as I sucked the other tit into my mouth. Her body squirmed as I ravished her tits and my fingers ran up and down her wet slit, teasing her clit and finding her opening before sliding effortlessly in.

Not wanting to wait to long and possessed by a strong desire to taste her, I slide between her legs, threw her legs over my shoulders, and started licking and sucking her wet pussy. My lips brushed her clit, she jumped, my tongue found her opening and slid in, she moaned. Hands on her ass pulling her onto my tongue, I licked, sucked, nibbled my way up and down and inside her pussy. Her legs squeezed my head tight; I cold tell she was getting close to cumming. She cried out my name and her legs tighten around my neck as she came all over my mouth and tongue. I lapped up the sweet juices, and held the pressure on her pussy and clit until she had had a couple powerful orgasms. Her legs unwrapped from around my neck and Katie lay on the bed drained, breathing hard. I pulled myself up to beside her again and held her tight in my arms.

Many minutes passed with both of us not speaking, just feeling each other breath contently in each other's arms. My hands were stroking her back, down to cup her ass, back over her hips, and up to fondle her tits, making slow deliberate motions to caress her entire body. This was having a major affect on my cock; it was getting hard between us. Katie put her leg over mine and pulled me close, my cock pushed flat against her pussy. Slowly she started sliding back and forth along my shaft, her slick wet pussy sliding effortlessly along my cock. My hands playing with her ass as she slid along my cock, both of us moaning as we continued. Finally after much stimulation I needed to be inside her, I reached between us and stuffed my hard cock head into her pussy. We paused and look into each other's eyes as I slowly pushed my cock inside her, and then we were joined. We started fucking slowly; in and out, long slow strokes, which soon turned into fast furious fucking, both of us consumed with lust. Two sweaty lust filled bodies seeking release. Finally I couldn't take it any longer.

"Oh Katie, I am cumming" I cried out as I erupted deep inside her pussy.

"Oh Jon, so am I" she cried as I felt her pussy grip my cock tight. She came with a powerful body shaking orgasm, and then fell into my arms both of us breathing like we had just run a marathon. If this is the start, I may not survive the rest of the weekend I thought as we both drifted off to sleep, still joined.