 The following story is completely true, I lived it I changed our names just in case someone discovers it. We are still married and still in love. Over the 54 years of our marriage we have experienced many wonderful stories which I will add as I go on.

It was February 1963; we had only been married a little over a month. I had booked a room at the guest house, on post at Fort Lee, Virginia. Jody and I were going to be together again if only for a couple of days. It seemed like we had been apart for months, when it really had only be a few weeks, since I had left her with her parents in Livonia, Michigan. She had taken a train from Detroit to St Petersburg, Virginia. It was the first time that she had ever traveled alone. She had to transfer from the train to a bus once she got into St. Petersburg to continue the trip onto Fort Lee.

I managed to get to the bus station on time and was able to greet her as she got off the bus. We kissed passionately and then waited until the driver unloaded the baggage. We got her suitcase and then made our way to the guest house. The guest house was only a couple of blocks away. It was a converted WW II wooden barracks. Not much to look at but it was inexpensive, and had the privacy that we wanted. 

The room was clean and warm, as the weather was extremely cold. The room had a double sized bed, a couple of chairs and table. It had a bathroom, and some towels and wash cloths. The bare necessaries were provided and since we were two newlyweds, we were more interested in the bed. At least that is the one item in the room that was of most of interest to me. We were so young; she had just turned nineteen on the 9th of February, and I wouldn't turn 19 until the 30th of July. Yes, she was 6 months older than me. 

We didn't plan on spending a whole lot of time outside of the room, as it was cold, and I had no transportation. Besides, most of our activity was going to be confined to the bed. We spent a lot of time exploring each other's bodies, and in general making love to each other. Our love making was so sweet but still intense, that I thought I was going to die from just having an orgasm. We were not in any hurry, and it was so nice to join together and become one. I just wanted to kiss her all over, on her mouth, ears, neck, eyelids, stomach, thighs, buttocks, and yes her lovely mound of Venus. As I kissed her there, I slid down on the bed and rested my body between her legs, and gently kiss her labia, which was heavenly. I had done this many times over our courtship, but each time was better than the lat. I listened to the tiny whisper of a moan escape her mouth, and it was like music to my ears. Oh, the feel of her moist labia against my lips sent shivers through out my body. I felt her press upwards against my lips as if she was kissing me back. Then I slowly opened my mouth and pushed my tongue out ever so slightly, and traced the tip of my tongue along she now wet labia, causing it being opening up like a rose pedal blooms open for the sun. Now her labia was no longer standing as a guard to her beautiful vagina but had opened to allow my tongue entry. I could now feel her hands on my head as she caressed my hair and held my head captive. Her breathing became more heavy and rapid. Her entire body was starting to quiver and shake, as I slid my tongue deeper into her vagina. Suddenly she exploded into one of her orgasms, and her body stiffened up as she completed her climax.

She let go of my head and urged me up and I pushed myself upwards and started kissing her. My chest was pressed against her breasts, and my hips were between her thighs, now and she reached down and took hold of me and guided me into her opening. It was so warm, no not warm it was hot; it was like she had a furnace between her legs. She was on fire, as I completely pushed myself inside of her, our bodies were flush up against each other. She wrapped her legs around me, using her heels to try to pull me deeper into her. My entire shaft all 5 or 6 inches was now buried deep inside of her vagina. The feeling was incredible her vaginal walls closed and caressed my shaft so velvety. I wanted to make this last as long as possible I was trying to put off my climax as long as possible. Part of me wanted to release my spent up sperm that was rapidly building up in me. Making love to my wife was the most fantastic thing in the world. To feel her beneath me, her body was so soft, and yielding to me. 

I slowed down and almost came to a complete stop, and was just relishing in the feeling of my shaft inside of her vagina. But every time I tried to pull out a little her heels would push me further back in her. While this was going on I kept kissing her lips, and eyelids. She was glowing and radiating, she kept looking up at me and kept opening her mouth and sort of biting her lip. Her breathing was rapid and heavy, she was beginning to moan louder, and was yelling out, "Oh God, I love you" over and over again, then she yelled out, "Oh Steve Don't stop, don't stop, please don't stop." She started her climb to having an intense orgasm, and I could no longer hold myself back, as my own, orgasm was now erupting and I was filling her womb with my semen. I thought I would never stop spewing out my semen. It was so incredible, my entire body was quivering from the intensity of my orgasm, what made it even better was Jody started having her orgasm also. Her body stiffened up and she went ridged. Our lips sought out each other's and we kissed each other passionately and both collapsed, stilled joined together as one. We have been having sex for some three years prior to getting married, but this was one of the best sexual encounters at least for me that I ever had. 

Still joined together, we both sort of drifted off to relax. A couple of hours later, I woke up and Jody was still relaxing, I got up and went to the bath room to emptied my bladder. When I returned to the bed, Jody was awake now. She was so peaceful looking and just as beautiful as always. 

Sometime later, we were still lying in bed talking and cuddling, I sensed a slight change in Jody's mood. I couldn't put my finger on it, and I asked her if she was alright, and assured me that she was. Then, she added, "Steve, something happened on the train." This got my attention, and I asked her, what happened?" 

Then Jody said, "I met this guy on the train, he was a sailor and was traveling by himself. He asked me to sit next to him, so that we could talk." I did, as I knew it was going to be long trip and it would be nice to have someone to talk with." She went on to say, "I told him that I was married and that I was going to visit my husband who was stationed at Fort Lee, VA. That we had just gotten married December 22nd of last year." 

I told her that it was no big deal, and then she told me that there was more. I felt my pulse quicken, and by heart began to feel sort of heavy. I told her to go on. She then told me, He started telling me how beautiful I was and how lucky you were to have me as a wife. I blushed and thanked him for the compliment." "Steve, we talked a little more and he told me that he was stationed at a Navy base in Virginia and that we would be getting off at the same place in St Petersburg, VA as I was." Jody paused, and started talking in a very low voice; I asked her to speak up as I couldn't hear her.

She raised her voice, and said, "Steve, I love you and I am so sorry for what I did." I said to her, "Jody, just what did you do?"

"Well, it was getting cold on the train, and he went and got us a blanket and we shared the blanket. After a few minutes, he kissed me on the lips, not passionately, more of a peck at first. Then he kissed me again, but this time he parted my lips with his tongue, and I opened my mouth to accept his tongue, and I was kissing him back. Honestly, Hon, I don't know why, except that it had been so long since we had been together."

I was shocked, and hurt but had to hear more of what happened. By now I think I was beginning to feel my eyes start to water. We were still holding each other and both of us were still nude. It was a strange and weird feeling that was coming over me. I told her to continue.

"Steve, he started making out with me right there on the train, my body was responding to his advances, and I began returning his kisses, and before I knew what was happening, he had unzipped his pants, and was placing my hand on his hard penis, Steve, when I touched his hot penis, It sent shivers through out me. And the next thing I knew he had his hand on my thigh and was caressing me, and I involuntary spread my thighs apart to allow him access to my now wet vagina." I needed to feel his finger in side of me, to give me the relief I need it so badly right then. When his fingers reached the top of my panties, I melted, as he caressed my pubic hair, and gently started stroked, my wet labia, and finally separated my lips with one of his fingers. I was on fire, and as soon as he entered me, I had an orgasm. He was also building up to having an orgasm, and it was difficult to finish masturbating him, as we were trying not to bring any attention to ourselves, I was getting hotter and hotter and could feel his penis start to jerk and pulsate as he erupted under the blanket and all over my hand. I squeezed his shaft and he still had a couple of fingers inside my vagina, and he went ahead and French kissed me again." After a few minutes I realized that I still had my hand around his shaft, and it was going soft, so I moved my hand and wiped his semen off of my fingers using the blanket that covered us both. He also removed his fingers from my vagina. 

As Jody was confessing this event to me, not only was I hurt, but I also notice that my soft penis was now erect. Yes, I was crying, and felt betrayed, but also felt a strange excitement deep inside of me. I suppose that in a way it was sort of introduction into being a cuckold. Though I didn't know what a cuckold was then, but, I did know about wife swapping, as it was something that I had heard about. But we have never considered it or even talked about it, we had just got married. 

I had a lot to mull over and went for a short walk to have a smoke and think about what Jody and just confessed to me. Then, I remember that while I was at Fort Knox, I took a girl out and tried to get her into bed, without any success. How much different was what I did, I never got to first base with her, but it was not for trying. I love Jody more than anything in this world, I did not want to lose her over something like this, and after all they didn't actually have sex. The funny thing is that the more I went over what she told me, the more I pictured it in my mind. I found myself getting aroused and was getting an erection again. 

I returned to the room, and she had been crying, and she asked me if I wanted her to go. I told her of course not, and that I had forgiven her. I went and held her and kissed her tears away. I told her it was not as if she had had intercourse with him. We began kissing each other and soon found ourselves back in bed making mad passionate love. I could help but start kissing her labia and licking it and found myself burying my tongue deep inside of her, and bringing her to an orgasm with just my mouth. After she climaxed I began stroking her vagina again putting my finger inside of her wet hot vagina. All the time I was doing this I was think of that sailor putting his fingers inside of her. I was getting hotter and hotter, and finally had to enter her with my erect penis. I was on fire and her vagina was like a furnace, only wet. It took a few strokes and I erupted and emptied my sperm inside of her womb. She also had another violent orgasm almost in time with mine. I do believe that this was when she became pregnant with our first child. He was born Oct 17th 1963. Almost nine months later.