 (Author's note: This is the sequel to my first story "Till Next Time". Thank you to editor Fflow for your insights. I can't wait to work with you on my next story)

*

I watched from the café window as shoppers darted in and out of doorways, coats pulled tight and umbrellas dripping. The gloomy sky had been threatening rain, and now icy drops fell across the evening. 

I stirred a straw through my milkshake before taking a dainty slurp. Chocolate flooded my mouth. I savoured the taste as my thoughts drifted. My best friend Sara was whinging about problems at her work. I had listened intently for the first 10 minutes, adding comments and sharing her indignation. 

It had been a week since I had sex with Steve, Sara's ex. It was a dirty secret I was not willing to share with anyone, especially her. Their break-up had been drawn out and painful: a relationship with a long death. There was no chance of a resurrection. Despite that fact, I knew there would be no forgiving me. It would've been different a few months down the track. Sex with a friend's ex just days after a break-up was rubbing salt in the wound.

As Sara's voice droned on, my concentration was fixated on the afternoon I had spent with Steve. Images replayed for me over and over again: Steve's blissful expression as I sucked the head of his cock into my mouth for the first time. My senses filled with his salty taste and musky smell. My fingers almost twitched with the impression of his pulsing erection, silky smooth skin ridged with delicate veins.

I shook myself from my reverie before my arousal overwhelmed me, squeezing my thighs together beneath the table. I swallowed my creamy mouthful and pushed other fantasies away. My pussy throbbed against the inner seam of my jeans. It took a lot of restraint not to subtly rub the seam between my wet lips. 

I nodded in agreement as Sara continued her workplace saga. It wasn't lost on me that I was having these urges in her presence. This definitely reeked of guilty pleasure; I was both turned on and revolted by how naughty it felt. 

"I saw Steve yesterday," Sara revealed, as she took a sip of her coffee.

My attention snapped back to the present. I curled a stray lock of hair behind my ear and silently prayed the blush I felt heating my face was not too obvious.

"Oh? How come?" I asked as nonchalantly as I could manage. 

"He came to pick up the last of his things from my place," she replied with a sigh. Her eyes shone wistfully as she glanced around the quiet café. "It was weird. We barely said two words to each other."

I was momentarily lost in thought; a pang of jealously that I hadn't seen him, and the realisation that I wanted to see him again. 

"Are you ok?" I asked automatically.

"Yeah. It's just so hard, you know. Seeing him again. Now I have the keys back so I guess it's really the end."

"Isn't that a good thing?" I encouraged.

"It's just so final. While his stuff was still around it felt like he was too. Now I know it's well and truly over." She shrugged helplessly and finished her coffee.

"Do you think he is seeing anyone?" Sara added, her sad eyes searching mine.

"Are you?" I countered, avoiding the question.

She shrugged again. "No. Not really. I'm not ready."

"What does 'not really' mean?" I teased.

"You know, just... I take lunch with some people from work. One guy, well, now that I am single our conversations don't seem so innocent anymore."

I nodded and smiled, "Ah, flirting. That's a good thing!"

It was selfish, but with the knowledge that Sara was starting to move on, my guilt could diminish. I wanted her to be happy of course. Unfortunately that thought came second.

Ten minutes later I was standing under the awning of the café, watching Sara manoeuvre herself into her car. The rain was considerably heavier than it had been and I was stranded with only a thin jacket. Sara had offered to drive me, but I had turned down the offer -- I lived so close. And I needed to be out of her company and alone with my thoughts. 

I ducked water streaming off the overhead canvas, and jogged into the street. Rain soon seeped through the layers I was wearing, causing a shiver of goose bumps over my skin. Small rivers travelled down my face, dripping over my nose. I was barely aware of my sneakers squelching into puddles as I lost myself in a chaos of emotions and memories.

My pace slowed to a walk as my front door came into sight. I shook the water from my hands and rifled in my bag for keys. My fingers delved past loose coins, candy, a pen, and finally tangled in my key chain. A vision of a steaming bath and glass of wine filled my mind as my numb hands struggled with the locks. Home at last -- to an empty house.

I snapped the locks back into place and flipped on the lights, illuminating the small hallway. My clothes were plastered in place, my feet like icicles. I peeled off my jacket and kicked off my waterlogged shoes, leaving each item stranded as I dragged myself down the hall to my bathroom. 

Next, socks, double their weight with water. I balanced first on one foot, then on the other, leaving them in my wake. I sniffed and wiped a rivulet from my nose. Light filled the small white room, blinding me temporarily with its brightness. The bathroom mirror displayed quite a sight: golden brown hair turned black with dripped water, clear face even paler with cold, and wide blue eyes framed by smoky smudged mascara. 

"So much for water-proof," I grumbled to myself, plucking a tissue and dabbing under my eyes. 

"I like you wet."

I whirled around, my heart pounding. My throat convulsed and my hands clutched my chest in terror. As the moment of panic subsided, relief followed by anger welled to the surface. I took a couple of deep calming breaths -- not a murderer, but Steve.

"What the FUCK are you doing here?! And how the hell did you get into my house?!" I raged. 

Steve smiled a slow smile, his eyes roving over me.

"Sara had a key. I took it. I used it." He shrugged. "I've been waiting for you."

"You can't do that! You can't let yourself into my house like that!' I exclaimed in shock. "I-I-I'm speechless," I blathered on.

He laughed and simply grabbed a towel from the rail, handing it to me. 

"Seemed like a good idea at the time. I like to surprise."

I caught the towel with a huff and dried off my face. I scrubbed at my hair angrily.

"There is a difference I think between a surprise and stalking," I replied caustically as a pushed past him and stormed to my bedroom.

My heart raced. I threw the towel to my bedroom floor and massaged my temples with trembling fingers. The subject of all my fantasies, the exquisite taste of what I had deemed forbidden, seemed to want me -- again! Steve had promised me a "next time", but when he didn't call... I had figured that was it, one sleazy afternoon with me as the rebound fuck or whatever.

I felt his presence behind me before I heard him. A soft glow appeared to my side as Steve switched on my bedside lamp. I cleared my throat and smoothed my hands over my hair, the shoulder length strands beginning to dry into messy waves.

His large hand rested on my shoulder, the warmth radiating through my wet t-shirt. His thumb traced reassuring circles over my tense shoulder muscles, while his other hand rested on my hip. His fingers stroked then moved higher, sliding under the sodden cotton. The hand on my shoulder slipped down my back and pulled at the other side of my tee. 

I pushed Sara from my thoughts and raised my arms above my head. Steve stripped the dripping fabric from my body and let it drop to the floor. His hands held mine for a moment, before I let my arms fall back to my sides. Everywhere he touched me tingled with new heat as my trembling skin came alive. His arms snaked around my waist and pulled me to him.

I felt his hot chest press to my back. I released a small moan as his fingers lightly swept my hair aside and his breath tickled my neck. He kissed my pulse, then moved up to my earlobe, his lips barely a caress. I leaned back, resting my head to his chest. His kisses moved across my jaw. I turned my head and impatiently captured his lips with mine. Steve's mouth burned with the taste of bourbon and exotic cigarettes. 

I opened my mouth hungrily, playing my tongue against his. My hands found Steve's and moved them up to my breasts. He cupped them, squeezing my ample cleavage. My nipples, already hard from the cold, ached as his palms rubbed them against the damp lace. My body was thawing, passion igniting every nerve. I twisted in his embrace to face him, my lips not leaving his as my fingers fumbled with his belt buckle. As I started to unzip his jeans, Steve pulled back from the kiss, eliciting a moan of frustration from me. I wanted him inside me right now. 

"You taste like chocolate," he uttered breathlessly. "I want to taste all of you Lily".

He lowered himself down my body, his lips brushing between my breasts, and then my stomach. Steve grasped me firmly as he ended up on his knees before me.

"Take your bra off," he ordered, his voice thick with lust. 

I looked down into his normally transparent green eyes; so dark and shiny with need. I licked my tingling lips, tender from the bruising kiss, and reached behind my back to the clasp. I unhooked the white lace and let it hang off my shoulders for a moment, then slide to the floor. The hands that lingered at the top of my jeans swooped back to my pale breasts. My deep blue eyes remained locked to his as he pinched my rigid nipples and toyed with my breasts, massaging them. My breathing quickened as jolts of desire surged between my legs.

I sighed with longing as his hands trailed back down my stomach. Steve unbuttoned the fly on my jeans and tugged roughly at the stubborn wet denim. I yelped as he yanked them, complete with my panties, down my legs, almost taking me to the floor with them. He chuckled and kissed my shaky thighs as he helped me step from the heavy Levis and the tangle of lace. 

His kisses moved from my thighs up to my throbbing pussy. He edged my legs apart as his tongue lathed my shaved mound. Steve's fingers teased my wet lips apart, drawing whimpers from me. I could only hold his head to me as his tongue dipped to join his fingers. I shuddered in bliss as his tongue darted to my clit, gently circling then lapping at my dripping pussy. 

My knees weakened as his mouth tasted and kissed me, a finger penetrating my tight hole and working in and out of me. His tongue swirled and drank me before returning to torture my swollen clit with light flicks.

I squeezed my eyes shut and panted, my ears filled with pounding blood and Steve's slurping. 

"Steve I'm cumming," I moaned as two of his fingers pumped inside me and his lips sucked on my clit. 

He thrust harder and I felt myself go; light flashed behind my eye lids and my muscles contracted around his fingers. 

I was aware that Steve had lowered me to the ground and was licking his way back up my body. I wiped a heavy hand across my eyes and gulped in air.

Steve paused at my nipples, sucking and nibbling on them, making me cry out. My whole body was like a live wire that sparked to his touch. His mouth finally found mine. We kissed long and hard, my hands working their way under his t-shirt to knead his muscled back. My legs wrapped around his waist, craving for more; to have him fill me completely. 

"God Lily you make me so hard," he grunted. His hand moved between us to finish what I had started, releasing his erection. 

I reached for his cock, moaning in anticipation as I stroked the thick shaft. Steve hissed with pleasure and positioned himself, the glistening head rubbing up and down my pussy. He reared over me and pushed inside. 

I wrapped my legs tighter, forcing him deeper. He drove into me until his balls slapped against me. My pussy convulsed around his cock, still pulsing from the previous orgasm and building to another. My fingers traced down his spine to clutch his firm butt, as Steve frantically pumped.

His arms looped under mine, gripping my shoulders so he could piston in and out, harder and faster. The carpet burned under me as we fucked, but I was only mildly aware of this. Ecstasy overwhelmed me. 

I cried out, my pussy clenching his cock. Steve's body tensed above me, his muscles beneath my fingers taunt. He powered forward one last time, cumming with a desperate shout. When he had poured himself into me, he collapsed on top of me, spent. 

Our heavy breathing filled the room, as did the potent smell of sex. I combed my fingers through his hair, languishing in the moment. This time had felt different, no uncertainty. I glanced down at Steve's sweaty face, his breath hot against my flushed breast. 

I gently disentangled our limbs and rolled him to the floor beside me. I lay empty and used, feeling completely satisfied. A chill pricked at me; my naked body no longer blanketed. Steve sighed, a lazy hand reaching to caress me. I turned on my side and propped myself up on my elbow, my head resting in my hand. I looked down at his clothed body, the t-shirt damp, his jeans and boxers pushed down obscenely. He opened his eyes and let them travel down my body. He placed a hand on the curve of my hip, my milky skin contrasting with his olive tan.

"Did you take my key knowing this would happen, even though I said it wouldn't happen again?" I asked huskily, breaking the silence.

He splayed his fingers and slid them up to my breast.

"Yes."

Steve tweaked my sensitive nipple and watched my expression with renewed desire.

I swallowed he lump in my throat, conscious of my aching body that seemed torn between needing rest and wanting more.

Before his hand could trail lower and grabbed it with my free one, startling him.

"Take your clothes off," I ordered quietly. 

And I learnt how much more he could make my body ache... till the next and the next and the next time.