 What a shitty day. It was sprinkling earlier, it's stopped for now, but still it's dark and gloomy out. My best friend, Natalie, and I are supposed to be going to the beach this weekend. Meeting friends. We all rented a beach house. But if the weather is going to be like this I don't even want to go.

I go ahead and finish packing. I am such a procrastinator. Natalie will be here any minute and I'm supposed to be ready, but of course, I'm not.

I'm not even really sure why I agreed to go. I don't really care for the beach. Sand sticking to me. And I don't like to swim anywhere that little creatures might touch me, or even bite me. I guess I can lay on the beach, getting sand everywhere. I wonder if it's too late to back out?

I get my phone out to call Natalie and tell her I changed my mind, or that something came up and I can't go. But then I see her pull up in front of my apartment building. There's no way I can back out now. I need to suck it up and go. It's just three days. Three days of sand all over me.

 "Hey come on let's get on the way," she says when she comes in.

I just look at her.

"I know, you're not packed yet. I've known you long enough. We'll get you packed and we can go," she says.

"I'm packed. But have you looked outside?"

"I just came in from outside. Ok yeah, it rained a little earlier, but it's clearing up. And we're going an hour away, might not even have rained there. Get your stuff and let's go," she says.

I won't disappoint my friend.

 The drive goes quickly and we find the house easily. It also doesn't rain at all. About thirty minutes into the drive the sun came out and it's been gorgeous.

We park in the driveway and all of a sudden I get very shy. I don't know everyone that is going to be here and that makes me so uncomfortable. I'm pretty shy and don't do well around people I don't know.

Our friend Sarah runs over to the car when we get out. We all hug.

"Yay, you guys made it. I was afraid Mara would change her mind and talk you into not coming," she says to Natalie.

"Who's here?" I ask so I can see how nervous and shy I need to be.

"Everyone. But right now no one. Everyone's at the beach I think. So let's get your stuff inside, you guys get changed and we can get down there," Sarah says.

 Twenty minutes later I'm sitting on a blanket on the beach. There are only six houses here so the beach isn't too packed. I see some of my friends swimming and wave. Ok, this will probably be fun. A weekend with my friends. Some I haven't seen in a long time.

Natalie puts sunscreen on and then hands the bottle to me.

"You're not getting in the water are you?" she asks. She knows how I feel about sea creatures.

"Probably not, but go have fun. If I get too hot or bored I might walk out there and get my feet wet."

"Ok. But I feel bad leaving you here alone," she says.

"I'm fine," I say.

I look out at the water. Everyone seems to be ok in the water with little creatures, why can't I be? I see so many of my friends out there, I can't wait until later when we're all together.

Then I see someone I don't know, but I think I'd like to. He's beautiful.

"What's wrong?" Natalie asks me.

"Nothing, why?" I ask her still with my eyes on this beautiful man.

"You gasped. I thought something was wrong."

I blush, I know I do. I can't believe I gasped.

"I was just trying to not yawn," I say lying completely. still not taking my eyes off Mr. Gorgeous.

"You are acting so weird all of a sudden, I'm not sure I should leave you alone," she says.

I smile. "I'm good. Great actually."

She looks out where I am and realizes what has my attention.

"You know you could wade out there and meet him," she says.

"Never. Not me. I'll just sit here and drool until he leaves."

"You're stupid. I'm going to go talk to him" she says and gets up.

"You mention me, I'm stealing your car and leaving," I tell her.

"I won't. I'll just talk to him, see if he's single and nice."

She walks out to the water. Sadly she can't talk to him now because he's paddling out on his surfboard.

I sit and watch him surf for about thirty minutes. He's really just gorgeous. Perfect body. His arms are incredible. Not like grossly huge like a body builder, but, well, perfect. His chest looks to be smooth, which makes me smile, I hate hairy chests.

His hair is probably dark, hard to tell since it's wet, but I'm guessing dark. And about to his shoulders. Perfectly groomed beard and mustache. I'd like to rub my cheek against his whiskers.

Why can't I find a guy like him?

I lay back to try to get some sun. Daydream about Mr. Gorgeous.

 "Are you doing ok?" I hear Natalie say a little while later.

I sit up, scan the water to see if he's still out there. Dammit, I don't see him.

"Yeah I'm good. I think I'm going to walk back to the house though and find something to eat, want anything?" I ask her.

"No. I think we're going to swim for about another thirty minutes or so and then start thinking about heading to the house. And I never got to talk to your surfer dude, he was always surfing. Maybe he'll be here tomorrow though," she says.

"Maybe. I'm sure he has a girlfriend somewhere. He was too perfect not to."

"He was probably a douchebag anyway. Too pretty not to be all stuck up and an asshole. Forget about him then, there's a bunch of other guys out there," she says.

"Yep. And I plan to be an old cat lady anyway. Even though I hate cats and am allergic to them."

"Quit being so dramatic. Ok, I'll be back in a little while. Are you coming back here, or staying at the house?" she asks.

"I'll be back. Just going to grab an apple or something."

"Ok," she says and goes back to the water.

 I get up and wrap my skirt back around me. I walk back up to the house. Dammit someone left the door open. The air conditioner is on. What a jerk. As soon as I take my first step into the house I step in water and sand. I look down. Whoever left the door open also left wet and sandy footprints all through the house. Which one of my friends is such an asshole? I decide to follow the footprints and find out.

I follow them through the living room, down the hall, to the bathroom which they've left that door open too. I hear the shower running. There are soaking wet swimming trunks laying in the doorway, making a puddle. I never realized one of my friends was such a disrespectful jerk.

"Hey, asshole. Do you realize you left the front door open letting out all the cold air, and you left wet and sandy footprints through the whole house? And your swimming trunks are making a puddle laying here," I say loudly to whoever is in the shower.

"Um...sorry. I was going to clean it all up when I was finished in here. I wasn't expecting anyone else to come back to the house yet," he says.

I don't recognize their voice. I wonder who it is?

"And leaving the front door open? You like to waste electricity?" I ask.

The water turns off. The curtain opens slightly and someone sticks their head out. "Will you hand me that towel."

Oh my god, no way. It's him. My Gorgeous Surfer. I just stand there.

"The towel, please? Or I can just get out if you want," he says and grips the shower curtain like he's going to open it all the way.

I grab the towel off the towel bar and hand it to him.

"Thanks," he says. He stays in the shower and dries off. He pulls back the curtain, luckily he has the towel wrapped around his waist.

He steps out of the shower. Grabs another towel, bends over and starts drying his hair. Dammit, his back is beautiful. So tan, and a smattering of freckles across his shoulders. He's a fucking bronze god.

"How did you get in here?" I ask him.

He takes the towel off of his head and tosses it on his swimming trunks. "I walked in."

"This is a private house you know, " I say.

He smiles at me. Dammit, he has a beautiful smile. And a dimple. A fucking dimple!

"I know," he says.

We stand there looking at each other for a minute.

"Maybe we should introduce ourselves, looks like we're sharing a house for the weekend," he says.

"Who invited you?" I ask.

He walks towards me, I just stand there.

"Do you want me to pick up my stuff, and clean up my mess, or are you going to keep me trapped in the bathroom?" he asks.

"If you didn't make the mess, you wouldn't have anything to clean up. And really, who invited you?" I ask.

That damn smile again. "You know, you're really cute when you're angry," he says.

I feel my whole body blush.

He takes a step closer. He's right in front of me now. He puts his hand on my chin, lifts my head so I'm looking in his eyes. Jesus his eyes. They're blue. Blue like the ocean he was just in. I can't even really describe the color, except to say like the ocean.

"I embarrassed you. I'm sorry," he says.

"You didn't," I say trying to deny it.

He takes his hand off my chin, runs one finger down my chest, between my boobs. "Yeah? You're blushing."

I shake my head. "It's just hot in here."

"Then take some clothes off," he says. He unties my skirt, it falls to the floor.

I look at him. I get lost in those damn eyes. I feel his hand moving up my back. He's untying my bikini top. He unties both strings and it falls down at my feet by my skirt. What the fuck am I doing?

He half-assed smile at me. A dirty smile.

His lips are on mine. A sweet soft kiss. I kiss back.

I feel something rubbing against my leg. I look down and see his towel really isn't covering much now. He looks down and laughs.

"Should we shut the door?" he asks.

I move out of the doorway. Ok really now, what am I doing? He shuts and locks the door. He pulls his towel off. Now he's completely naked. He has his back to me. He has the most perfect ass. Of course it is. He's fucking perfect. It's round and just perfectly shaped. And it's almost as tan as the rest of his body. Where has he been in the sun naked?

I really need to pick up my top and skirt, put them back on and leave. What am I doing? I don't know this guy. I don't even know his name!

He turns around. I think I may gasp again. His cock is beautiful. I really should have expected that. And it's as tan as his ass is. I really want to know where he has been naked in the sun.

He starts walking towards me. My eyes are still drawn to his very erect dick. He sees me staring.

"Do you like it, or...?" he asks.

"I...um...it's um..." I don't really know what to say. Excuse me but do you know you have the biggest, nicest looking dick I've ever seen?

He's standing right in front of me now. Right next to me. I'm standing in front of the sink and I lean back slightly against it. He's between my legs, I spread them a little more so he can move even closer. Now his perfect cock pressed against my belly.

We kiss. His lips feel so good. I hate guys that slobber all over your face when they kiss, his kiss is just right. He pulls away slightly, sucks on my bottom lip for a few seconds before ending the kiss.

I rub my cheek against his chin. I knew his beard would tickle.

He gently bites my earlobe. "We should take these off?" he says sticking his hands into the waistband of my bikini bottoms.

"Yeah," I reply very quietly. Barely a whisper.

He pushes them down. He kisses me. Continues kissing me as he slides my bottoms off. My neck, between my boobs, my belly, belly button. He kneels in front of me and takes my bottoms off.

He stands back up and kisses me hard. His tongue licking my lips and then playing with my tongue. I move my legs apart so he can get back in between them.

His hands are on my boobs, squeezing them. I run my fingers through his hair. Now that it's starting to dry I can see he has curls. Of course Mr. Gorgeous has curls.

I have never wanted someone so bad before.

He nuzzles my ear. A soft kiss. "I think I want to fuck you," he says reading my mind.

I can't talk. I nod my head.

"Here?" he asks.

I must look confused. I am confused. Where else would we do it? We're right here.

"I'd really like to fuck you right on the beach. The waves crashing in the background," he says.

That would be incredible.

"Or we could go to my room, or yours," he says.

I wrap my legs around him.

"Or right here," he says.

I kiss his neck. Bury my face in his hair right behind his ear.

He pulls away from me slightly. I don't understand why until I feel his dick slowly filling me up. I sigh. I grab him and pull him back to me. I keep my face nuzzled against his neck. Inhaling him. He smells amazing. Even though he showered I don't think he used any soaps. I think he was just rinsing the sand off of him. He still smells like the ocean, and just him.

I realize he's been kissing and sucking on my neck. I hope he didn't leave any marks. I'm too old for a hickey, and how would I explain it to everyone?

He kisses me on the lips. Looks at me. Those piercing blue eyes looking right into mine. I feel like he can see my thoughts, or even my soul.

In this position with me leaning against the sink, his cock has been rubbing on my clit the whole time we've been fucking. I know I'm going to cum. I have my hands in his curls when I do. I pull on them, not too hard though.

A slight smile appears on his lips. His eyes close. He thrusts in deep. I whimper. He's quiet. He stands there smiling. Then he pulls me close. Lays his head on my shoulder. He kisses my ear.

"Next time, the beach," he says.

We stay like that for a minute. Then we hear people talking. Everyone must be coming back from the beach.

Someone tries to open the bathroom door, thank god he locked it.

"Um just a minute," Eddie says.

He looks at me. Smiles that beautiful smile. Kisses me. "Get dressed, I'll distract everyone."

He wraps the towel around his waist, picks up his wet swimming trunks and leaves.

I pick up my bikini and put it on. Then my skirt. What just happened? Did I really just have amazing sex in the bathroom with some guy I don't even know? I wish I had time to stand here and think about it, remember it, but someone is knocking on the bathroom door.

"Hey who is in there? I need to pee," I hear Natalie say.

I open the door.

She comes in. "What happened to you? You never came back. I brought all of our stuff up."

"I um...I was...um," I say.

"Oh shit did something bite you? Your neck has a huge red spot on it," she says.

I turn and look in the mirror. Whisker burn. I smile. "Yeah a bug bite. That's why I never came back."