 Nice Guys Always Finish Last

"How can you tell if a girl has an orgasm?" Bryce Owen asked, as he stretched his hamstrings on the grass just inside the track. 

"I don't know." Jake Simmons answered. "Cuz her eyes roll back in her head?"

"Who gives a fuck!" Bryce said, as he elbowed Jake in the ribs and laughed hysterically at his own joke. The rest of the guys broke into laughter, except for Dylan Daniels.

Dylan had been friends with Bryce's girlfriend Tara Hart since high school, and he knew Bryce had always treated her and every other girl he dated like shit. To make matters worse, Bryce was his biggest rival in the four by four hundred meter relay. Last year they had been on the same team and were always the two fastest runners on the track, but so far Dylan had never been able to beat him out for the top spot.

Dylan had transferred schools this year, and for the first time they would be anchoring different squads, Bryce was still a Spartan and Dylan was now a Cardinal. He had been training harder than ever this summer and figured it was finally his chance to beat Bryce, and the rest of his old team, fair and square. He also noticed Tara was sitting in the bleachers, looking hot as ever, in short shorts and a tight top, and even though he knew she loved Bryce he would never pass up a chance to catch her attention. Funny thing was she was the only person he knew that loved, or even liked Bryce. Even Jake and the rest of his team thought he was an egotistical dick, and they seemed to miss having Dylan on their team. "You're the only one who doesn't take his shit." Jake had said when he found out about the transfer.

After a few more minutes of stretching, teams were called to the starting blocks, and when the gun went off, both the Cardinal and Spartan sprinters got off to a great start and the two teams were in the lead, neck and neck, for the first two legs of the race until the Spartan runner got a stride on the Cardinal runner just before he handed the baton off to Jake. Dylan noticed that Jake didn't seem to be running his best race, and when he went to hand off to Bryce the teams were dead even. The crowd was going wild and Dylan though he could hear Tara's voice above the rest. 

As Dylan reached back to take the baton, he saw Jake wink at him out of the corner of his eye and then Jake did something very uncharacteristic for him, he botched the hand off to Bryce. Bryce bobbled the baton and Dylan sprinted out to a fairly large lead. He looked ahead and saw the finish line looming ahead of him, and he could almost taste victory. He mind spun, he had been waiting for this moment as long as he could remember, and besides winning Tara's heart he wanted nothing more than to be able to look down at Bryce from the top step of the podium. He knew however, that if he took this chance to win unfairly, he would have a bitter taste in his mouth the rest of his life. So he did what he knew was right, he slowed down and let Bryce catch up.

When he took off again full speed they were neck and neck, and he actually felt himself pulling slightly ahead of Bryce as they approached the finish line, but at the very end, Bryce leaned forward, beating him literally, by a nose.

Dylan was crushed and as the Spartans celebrated in front of him, and his team walked off the track with their heads held low, he knew that xx snot only had he given up his chance to win, but now he was the goat.

He was trying to be happy with second place, but it got harder as the day went, and no one would make eye contact with him. Even Jake looked the other way when he tried to congratulate him. 

He walked slowly to the locker room, changed into his street clothes, and was headed home when he heard a voice behind him. "It took a lot of guts to do what you did." He turned around and saw Tara smiling at him.

Dylan nodded and shrugged his shoulders. "Too bad you're the only one that thinks that."

"I'm the only one that matters." She said with a wink as she reached out for a hug. "I came here to cheer for you, I dumped Bryce's sorry ass last week and I wanted nothing more than to see you beat him, but what you did just proved once again you are the better man."

"Well, you are definitely making me feel a little bit better about it." Dylan said.

"Would it make you feel a lot better if I bought you ice cream?" She asked.

Dylan tried to ignore Tara's tongue as it swirled around her triple scoop of Very Cherry Surprise, but it was next to impossible. He tried instead to stare at her curly red locks as they danced around her shoulders and her bright blue eyes as they sparkled in the sun. His mind went back to that day, a few summers ago, when they were at a party at Jake's house and she invited him to take a walk out by the lake. She had put her arm around him and rested her head on his shoulder, in the moonlight, but that was as far as it had gone.

"You know I had a crush on you when I started dating Bryce?" She asked, interrupting Dylan's thoughts as she slipped her hand into his.

"I kind of thought you did." He said. "But I figured our friendship was more important, so I didn't say anything."

"Well I wish you had, you could have spared me a ton of bullshit with that asshole." She said.

Dylan didn't know what to say. He definitely wanted her, he always had, but he had always been afraid she didn't see him that way.

Tara leaned in and kissed him. "Thank heaven for second chances!" She said. "Want to come to my place and watch a movie."

Tara sat awfully close to him on couch. His passion welled up inside of him at the touch of her soft skin against his, and the smell of her perfume floating around him. As her hand slid up his leg, he was pretty sure that they wouldn't be spending much time watching the movie. She pressed her lips against his, as she leaned in close and ran her other hand through his hair. He shivered under her touch, obviously she had been planning this for a while, but this was all new to him. 

She had been a gymnast in high school, and he had always enjoyed watching her prance on the balance beam in that tight little outfit, but right now her sexy little body was right in front of him and he could hardly believe it. He wanted to reach up and cup his hand around her perky little breast, but he didn't, just like in every aspect of his life he was scared to take a chance, and do the wrong thing. Lucky for him, Tara wasn't, and before he knew it, she was fumbling with his belt, and undoing his zipper. She slipped her tongue between his lips, and he felt a tingle run down his spine as she rubbed it against his.

Her hands fumbled inside his boxers, and pushed them down over his hips. He felt her fingers curl around his dick, and her hand rub up and down the length of his shaft. His body began to shake and tremble and his palms began to sweat. He let his hands climb up to her breasts as she bent down and took him in her mouth, swirled her tongue over the tip of his dick, and cupped his balls with her hand. He felt the gentleness and love that he had always craved from Tara and he knew he wouldn't last long. It was obvious she enjoyed it and that she would probably take his load in his mouth.

He had to try to gather the courage, to make her stop, and let him enter her. He wanted to touch every inch of her body with his tongue. He wanted to rub her nipples, and take each of them in his mouth. He needed to lay her down and make love to her like she had never felt it before. Ultimately, his desire was to make her come with the most earth shattering orgasm she had ever felt, before she gave him anymore pleasure, because...

Nice guys always finish last.