 Charli is confident in herself without being bossy; she knows what she wants and how to ask for it. Could it be her 5'9 tall average build frame that exuded self-control and poised or could it be that she's the atypical black woman self-assured and self-aware? Charlie knows how to dress to attract the opposite sex too. Always dress in dangerously high heel pumps with the most conservative business suits; however, underneath she wears the sexiest lingerie. Charli believes that a woman should be a lady in public and a whore in bedroom. She loved men and knows how to please them but she won't tolerate a man disrespecting her. That's why she set her sights on Owen.

Owen is typical white boy next door. He's the strong silent type. Owen didn't move fast or make sudden decisions. He's the nice guy and believes that the nice guys always finish last. Could it be his 6'0 average build which makes him think that girls never notice him? Owen had accepted the fact that his Ms. Right was married to the bad boy down the street. What he didn't realize was that someone had him in her sights.

Charli lives around the corner from Owen. They met one day in the corner grocery when they both reached for the same bottle of wine which happened to be the last bottle of that brand. Owen being the nice guy that he was told Charli that she could have it that he would check back in a week. However, Charli wasn't having any of that she told him. "I'll buy it and you can stop by my place and we can share a glass or two together."

Owen attempted to brush it off but Charli wasn't having any of that and insisted on sharing a glass or two with him. She finally broke through his protests. And he agreed, Charli give him her address and that how their friendship started. 

What Owen didn't know is that Charlie had been watching him for months as he shopped for grocery. She wanted get to know him and the wine incident was the perfect ice breaker she needed. Charli remembered the first time she saw Owen at the local grocery store. They were shopping but she was sure it wasn't for the same thing. She was looking for a lover; however, it appeared that Owen was actually shopping. Charli observed how methodical he was, he took his time looked at each item, read the label, and checked the price then placed it careful in his shopping cart. She loved watching men shop it told her a lot about a guy. What Charli gathered from watching Owen was that he was patient, thorough, and didn't make sudden moves. Charli was very attracted to guys like Owen. The silent introverts, who appeared quiet and reserved on the outside but, had a strong animal magnetism on the inside. Owen fascinated Charlie as she continued watch her prey. And, he was her prey at that time, she had determined that she was going to meet this silent, sexy man and get him in her bed if not for a life time then for a season at least. 

Meanwhile, he didn't notice or he did a good job pretending that he didn't notice the black woman intently watching him shop. Charli thought he caught her stalking him because as he turn the corner to head down another aisle he looked back over his shoulder, making direct eye contact. She looked him directly in the eye, smiled and nodded in his direction. Owen smiled back and continued to shop. At that time, Charli blew a sigh of relief then waited about three or four minutes before she continued to follow him. She paced him so well that she was three people behind him in the line went he checked out. From that point forward, Charli went shopping every day for about two weeks to learn the times Owen went shopping to align her shopping times with his.

Charli noticed on the third week that Owen noticed her but she felt that he was just being polite. She engaged him in the usual stranger small talk. He'd speak and respond back. But, Charli was patient and waited for the perfect opportunity to make her move to get to know him better and the wine incident was it.

In the meantime, Owen seemed to be totally oblivious to Charlie's subtle hits and invitations. Always the gentleman he never crossed the line. Which drove Charlie crazy, she was trying not to be the aggressor in their relationship but she wanted that sexy white boy and he wasn't getting the hint.

Owen wanted Charli but just didn't think he was her type. So, typical nice guy, he was content just be her friend. He thought she was so very sexy and would love to show her his real feelings but he just didn't want to be rejected down if he expressed them.

Charli was so frustrated with Owen. She would invite him over and dress in some of her sexiest outfits. She created romantic candle light dinners, music the works, sometimes she would trick him into dancing with her. But, Owen would always thank her for a lovely dinner and evening then leave. Charli would go to bed and masturbate wishing it was his hands satisfying her instead of her own. What she didn't know was that Owen would go home kicking himself for not making a move on her and wanting to still be there with Charli in the morning making slow passionate love to her.

So it goes when a good guy and aggressive woman become friends. Charlie knew something had to give so she decided that it was either now or never with Owen. He just didn't know how hot a guy he was and she wanted to be the woman to show him. She wanted to let him know that she desired and wanted a relationship with him. So, she decided to pick up the pace on her seduction of Owen. 

Owen was surprised when Charli called him one Friday and invited him to dinner at her place. She said that she wanted her best grill guy to grill streaks for her and she would make trimmings. Owen wanted to tell her no because it was getting harder and harder being around Charli not grabbing her having his way with her and to hell with being the nice guy. But, he enjoyed her company so much that he agreed. 

Charlie was excited and knew that tonight was the night that Owen would never forget. She took a long luxurious bubble bath so that her skin was soft as silk and shaved her pussy because she remembered Owen saying that he loved hairless women. He said that it made it nice when a guy when down on a girl. Charlie picked out one of her sexy sundresses. It was strapless with a slit up the right thigh. She completed her outfit with silver jewelry and pair of high heel wedge slides. She placed dabs of her favor perfume on key pulse points. Charli set the mood in her apartment as well. She had candles and incense burning, with soft music playing in the background. Tonight that white boy wasn't getting out of the apartment.

Owen dressed nice for the occasion a well. He knew Charlie like to see guys in button fly jeans with a dress shirt. He decided he give her some eye candy hoping that it would tempt her to unwrapping the package. He knocked on her apartment at 6:00pm sharp. He sucked in a breath at the sight of the beautiful black goodness in front of him.

Charlie smiled at Owen's reaction to her outfit. She devoured him with her eyes and thought "Oh, my God, I can wait to open all of those buttons with my teeth." However, she said out loud with a laugh and wink, "Hello, Owen, don't you look handsome and sexy tonight come in here before some girl attacks you where you stand."

Owen smiled back step inside and replied, "Yeah, right. I'm coming inside quickly so no guys see YOU and I have to fight them off."

Charlie laughed and said, "Give me a hug handsome."

Owen complied and pulled her into his arms and thinking to himself, "this is where she should be in my arms."

She reluctantly pulled way but Owen doesn't seem to notice the lingering caress of her hand down his arm. He followed her inside house and out to the patio where the grill was ready with everything laid out waiting for him to prepare the steaks.

Owen rolled up his shirt sleeves and started preparing dinner while Charli sat down next to grill to entertain him with conversation. He loved to hear her talk she was so animated and bubbly. Charlie made small talk with the best of them and she had the ability to talk on almost any subject which was one reason why Owen found her so attractive. He loved sexy, intelligent women and Charlie fit the build perfectly. 

Charlie loved watching Owen work; he didn't move fast his movements were precise, methodical as if he had all the time in the world. She loved watching his hands. There's was something about a man's hand. Charlie wanted to feel those hands on her naked flesh caressing and loving her and tonight was the night. She shifted in her seat because her pussy was throbbing in anticipation and moistening at the thought of making Owen her lover.

Owen tried not to stare at her long dark brown leg exposed up to the thigh. He wondered if she was aware of his eyes on her body. He wanted to run his hand from her ankle to hip and spread those legs wide as he planted feather light kisses up length to her cunt and devour her love canal.

Charli continued to talk to Owen as he prepared the steaks. He said, "The steaks are ready."

Jumping up, she said, "Ok, just bring them in and I will get the salad, warm the bread and bring everything to the table."

She walked inside as Owen watched her backside sashay through the door at sight his cock made a tall tent in his pants. He was glad that he was seated and she wouldn't notice his reaction to her body. He sat at the table and poured wine into his glass then hers just as she returned carrying the salad and bread. She sat the items on the table and said, "Ok, it's self-serve. The salad had a light vignette dressing on it. I hope you like it. I found the recipe on a website and tried it. I really like it."

Owen replied, "You know I'm not picky and I'm willing to try anything once."

Charli laughed and said, "Ok, I'm going to hold you to that big fella."

Owen smiled and started eating. They sat and eat in a comfortable silent enjoying each other's company. Once, they'd finish dinner, Charlie decided to put her plan of seduction into action. "Okay, I'll do the dishes if you handle cleaning the grill?"

Owen replied, "Sure" He got up but forgot about his erection which sadly had not gone down. Charli noticed the bugle in his pants but pretended not to notice. Her pussy got wet anticipation because her cunt knew that tonight was her night see and feel that bulge inside her hotbox. 

They finished cleaning at the same time by then Owen trouser trot was under control. While Charlie wasn't going sit down because she knew her wet pussy would leave stain. She suggested a dance hoping that her pussy would dry with some turns around the room but she doubted it. Owen protested but Charli wasn't having any of it and coax him into dancing with her. She was in heaven in his arms. Owen loved the feel of this woman in his arms. They moved slowly in time to music enjoying each other company. 

Charli laid her head on his shoulder and said, "A girl could get lost in your arm."

Owen smiled and said, "Why thank you ma'am. We nice guys aim to please."

Charli raised her head and looked deep into Owen's eyes and said, "Owen, you don't get it do you?"

Owen replied, "Get what?"

Charlie said, "I want you so bad I ache. I've wanted you for months now. I tried to be subtle but you didn't the hints. I love the fact that you are such a gentleman. But, I want you as my lover and not just a friend. I hope I'm haven't turned you away. But baby, you are so sexy and sweet all rolled into one. It is the most erotic thing and the biggest turn for me. I want to show you how much you've aroused me and how much I want you."

Owen was shocked this was his fantasy becoming a reality what's a guy to do except let nature take its course. He didn't say a word as he ran one hand up her back to the nape of her neck while the other hand pull her close for a deep lingering kiss. Owen lightly brushed his lips over Charli's sipping at them as she attempted to capture his lips between hers but he wasn't having any of that. He changed position and repeated this torture several times causing Charli to moan deeply with desire and frustration. He smiled; she felt it. Then he parted her lips as let his tongue slip inside rubbing his tongue against hers. Her hands tighten around his waist. The room was silent except for their breathing while they kiss passionately. Their tongues engaged in a mating dance thrusting and rubbing against each other exploring all the areas inside each other's mouth. 

Charlie broke the kiss and came up for air. She said, "You are a great kisser." 

Owen smiled and replied, "So are you."

Charli took a deep breath looked at Owen who was letting her take the lead. She stepped out of his embrace took his hand and led him behind her to her bedroom. The bedroom had candles that provided soft lighting and the room was filled with scent of spice pumpkin incense. He followed her to the bed turning her in his arms as he pulled her close for another passionate kiss. Owen took his time kissing her softly, slowly, as his hands removed her clothes just as methodically. Charli was in heaven this man knew how to make love to a woman. She loved the feel of his hands as they lingered over each exposed piece of flesh and his lips followed the path of his hands. Owen hands slid over her breasts exposing first one then the other removing her bra and continued down her body to her waist and hipster underwear he slid his fingers inside the edges to pull them off. Charli was enjoying the slow torture but wanted to get in on the action too.

She ran her hands through his hair down the nape of his neck inside the collar of his shirt around to his throat as she leaned forward to capture the first button. Charli's teeth and tongue slowly worked each button loose as she planted feather light kisses on each piece of exposed flesh. She licked one male nipple running her tongue around engorged bud while her other hand she caressed and stroked his other male nipple. Owen's head was thrown back his Adams apple worked as he enjoyed Charli's caresses. His hands grasp her waist as he eased her underwear down pass her hips. He released them because she was continuing to lick, suck, and kiss a path down his chest to buttons the jean. She paused to shimmy out of her underwear then she kneeled down and unbuttoned the first jean button with her teeth while she ran her hands back up his chest to caress and stroke his male nipples. 

Charlie looked directly in his eyes as her teeth and tongue worked each button loose her lips brushing over his ejection underneath his briefs. She loved the feel of bugle rubbing against her lips as she continued to underdress the object of her desire, Owen. She slowly pulled down his jeans as she rubbed her face and lips over his think Johnson. Charli love dicks and she loved making love to cocks. She grabbed the edge of his underwear with her teeth pulling them down as his trouser trout popped out. Charli hands grabbed his blood engorged meat and stoked from tip to base as her tongue licked and sucked at the base of his cock. Her talented tongue found the pea size prostate at bas of cock just above his cum filled ball sacs. She swirled her tongue firmly against it in a slow steady circular motion as her hand continued to stoke up and down the swollen length of his shaft. 

Owen pressed firmly on the back of Charlie head as she continued giving his prostate a through tongue massage pressing that pea firmly between his balls and pulsating sausage. Her hands rubbed up and down his dick, stoking the head in long firm circular motions as she licked and sucked his balls then underneath the base of his cock. Owen could fell his cock sac tighten and knew that he was getting close to climax. Charli must have sense it too because she licked up his shaft to the blood filled head then slowly slid her mouth down the length of his pulsing Johnson swallowing and relaxing as it glided down her throat just as his body exploded in orgasm. He moaned and clasped her head as he unloaded into her mouth. Charli swallowed the first shot quickly and continued to slow each shot of his male nectar She love the taste of cum and her cunt spasmed with mini orgasms as she tasted his cream sliding down her throat. Charli continued to suck and swallow his love juice as he came down for his climax. She let his semi erect cock slide out her mouth while Owen pulled her up and gently pushed her back on to the bed. 

Charli knew what Owen wanted and her pussy throbbed in anticipation of feeling his mouth on her hot wet cherrypie. She had feeling that this white boy knew how to eat pussy. Owen bent down and pulled her hips down closer to the edge of the bed no words were spoken as he lower his head between her legs. He loved sight her love juices coating her bare pussy. His fingers parted her lips then found her blood filled bean as he flicked his fingers over it. Her whole body arched at his caress. Owen's lips followed his fingers. He licked her clit swirling his tongue around the hard erect nub as he pulled it into his mouth. Charli's legs tighten around his head while her body arched up off the bed. He sucked and stroked the rock hard mini erection as he inserted a finger inside her wet throbbing hole. Owen working the finger in and out, then, he slid in another finger as his tongue continued torture her clit. She was bucking up and down on his lips as he finger fucked her pussy. Charli was riding his finger and enjoying the feel of his mouth on her little cock. Her body was shaking with mini orgasms as he continued his oral homage to her pussy. She grabbed her nipples pulling and pinching mating the rhythm his loving. Her body bucking up and down on his face as Owen held on her hips sensing that she as getting close to her climax. At that moment, Charli's body arched up, she pressed hard against his lips her pussy exploded with vaginal juices all over his hand. The walls of her pussy spasm and she moan deeply her breasts heaving up and down, her nipples grew larger, and the areoles wrinkled as blood flooded the veins. Owen lean back to watch Charli as she climaxed because it was one of the sexiest thing to watch a woman in the throes of an orgasm and know that he was the trigger that got her to that point was even hotter. His cock reacted to the sight by returning to full mast rock hard and throbbing.

Owen climbed in the bed beside Charli pulled her into his arms. She turned feeling his erection rubbing against her Mons of Venus. She slid one leg over his thigh positioning her wet pussy over his hard meat. He slowly slid his cock inside velvet cunt as her muscles squeezed and pulled his dick inside. The feeling of her pussy encircling his cock was incredible. The feeling of his cock sliding into her pussy sent shivers through her body. His dick fit her cherrypie like a latex glove. Charli close her eyes arched her back and pressed their bodies closer together as he rocked up to meet her down thrust. They began to move together in perfect rhythm Owen grasping her hips as she placed her hand on his shoulders. They rocked together they didn't say word only making deep throaty moans as their bodies continued with a steady long firm in and out, out and in rhythm. Owen rocked her hips back and forward as she rotated her hips. He watched her breast bounce in time with the movements. Charli loved the feel of his cock in her pussy, the thick veins rubbing against the walls of her throbbing creampie sent electric pulses through her body. Owen loved the feel of her tightening her vaginal muscles on his cock when his pulled out it made his cock feel like it was in a vice and the feeling was unbelievable. Soon their pace quicken as they both came close to their climax. Owen felt his balls tighten while Charli felt her nipples get harder and knew that her orgasm was close. She fell on top of him, her head pressed against his neck and grasped, "Oh, God I'm cumming."
