 Nice guy doesn't finish last!

You know the drill, dont copy this story, dont read it if u r underage and all that good stuff. Enjoy! Feel free to give feedback. 

Before I start, a little bit about me; I am 26 years old and am a chartered accountant working for a small but successful firm. I have a stable but somewhat boring life as I no longer find chasing tail as much fun as it once was. I make decent amount of money and am seeing a few women casually but there is nothing serious. 

I live very close to my work and I usually walk there instead of taking my car and this is how I met a girl named Laura. I was walking home from work around 9 PM lost in my thoughts when I almost tripped over someone. I stumbled but caught my balance and was about to start yelling when I noticed it was a young girl looking scared and cold. She looked at me and with teary eyes asked me if I could spare some change. I felt my heart melt as I saw this helpless young woman. 

I took out my wallet and I had a twenty dollar bill so I handed it to her. I think she was in a state of shock because I don't think anyone had been this kind to her before. I knelt beside her and looking her in the eyes, I said, look don't waste this on booze or drugs or whatever, use it for food. I started to get up but she grabbed my arm and with tears in her eyes she thanked me. I smiled and got up and walked away feeling like I had done something worthwhile. 

Next morning when I got up I had almost forgotten about the girl so when I was walking to work and a strange girl with a big smile on her face approached me and started talking to me, I was confused at first but I recognized her. 

I asked her how she was doing and she replied that she had a meal and was feeling much better but that it was still too cold and the money I had given her was not enough for a warm coat. I looked at her and I gave her my card with my home address and told her to be there this evening and I will let her pick out some clothes that no longer fit me. 

I thought she would pass out she looked so happy. I hurried to work and didn't think of her all day as it was incredibly busy and when I got home around 9 again I noticed that she was waiting for me by the door. She saw me approach and she fixed her hair best she could and smiled at me. I smiled back and unlocked the door and let her in. After she removed her old and torn shoes I took her to my bathroom and told her to go ahead and shower because she was filthy. 

She blushed but went in and didn't come out for a full hour but when she did I didn't even recognize her. This girl was beautiful and drop dead sexy. She was wearing one of my t-shirts with a pair of shorts and she looked absolutely amazing. She had beautiful blonde hair and she stood at about 5'6" and from what I could see she had a very nice body which was going to waste due to lack of food and shelter. 

I smiled at her and asked her if she was hungry. She looked down and nodded yes. I got up and ordered some pizza and opened a beer for myself and handed her one as well. She looked unsure at first but she took the bottle and finished it in one long gulp. I laughed as I told her to calm down or else she would get drunk too fast. As we drank and talked the pizza arrived and I learned that she got kicked out of her house when her dad found her smoking weed. 

Personally I thought this was rather harsh of her father but apparently he was a minister and very strict about drugs. She informed me that at first she stayed with friends but they couldn't keep doing that forever. She moved out to the city hoping to start work but got nowhere so ended up on the streets. As the pizza arrived and I opened the box I told her to feel free to eat as much as she wanted. 

She didn't need me to tell her twice as she attacked it with great relish almost finishing it all herself. I watched her in amusement as I ate a slice and drank my beer. When she finished she realized I was staring at her and she blushed. I got up and went to the living room and told her to finish eating and join me there. She came in after a few minutes and I had her sit next to me. I turned to her and told her that I will see if I can get her a job working at my firm so she doesn't have to live on the streets and that she could live at my place for a while if she wanted. 

She started crying asking why I was being so kind to her. I just put my arms around her and caressed her back as she cried. She finally stopped and turned to me and kissed me on the lips. I pulled back saying, you don't have to do this because you feel like you owe me. She put her finger on my lips and pushed me back and straddled me and literally shoved her tongue down my throat. 

I tried to resist but couldn't help it as my hands reached up and squeezed her boobs. I was completely hard as she ground her ass into my lap. I lifted up her shirt and took it off and latched my lips to her pink and hard nipples. I sucked on her tits hard as she moaned and pulled my head closer. I was by now completely taken over by lust so what I did next can be forgiven. 

I grabbed her and bent her over the couch and ripped down her pants and in one hard stroke rammed my cock in her pussy making her yelp out loud but I was beyond caring as I start to slam in and out of her tiny tight pussy. I kept going until I couldn't hold back anymore and started to spurt into her and let out a scream and collapsed on top of her. 

She was crying in pain and I felt horrible. I tried to apologize but she stopped me and told me that she loved it. She was just crying because she hadn't felt these many emotions in one day. She said she really enjoyed rough sex and that she was very submissive. I of course was very ecstatic as I am a closet Dom. I put a stern look on her face and told her to get on her knees and clean up my cock. 

I saw her eyes gleam as she heard my order and obediently kneeled in front of me and took my by now limp cock in her mouth and start to suck and clean me. I laid back and let her do the work. I leaned back and told her to make sure to get my balls clean as well. I was so relaxed that I fell asleep and when I woke up my cock was rock hard and she was still lovingly licking and sucking my cock. As soon as I regained my consciousness I started to spurt again and she swallowed it all with a big grin on her face and once I was finished she got up and brought me another beer. I took the beer and she took her place between my legs again and started to kiss and suck my cock. I leaned back and drank my beer thinking that once in a while it does pay off to be nice.