 Looking at him across the board room, I decided that there was something about that guy. Jeremy and I had met about six months ago; when he transferred to my marketing department from another area.

I am average I suppose, with a large chest, and amazing grey eyes, I date often, usually losers, who are only interested in sex, and you know, bad boys. Thus, Jeremy wasn't my typical type... He didn't seem too interested in girls...almost strictly business... not severe or anything, it just seemed like he wasn't interested in any thing beyond doing his job, but, don't get me wrong, he still managed to be a funny guy, everyone liked him, and going for drinks after work with the rest of our close knit department was a priority. But that was as far as anything had got between us. He had this very smooth quality, yet he never took advantage of it. As the months passed, I realized that I was beginning to look for him in the hallways and around the office…Now, Jeremy wasn't really attractive... he had a baby face... Big ears, and a hair cut that couldn't decide what to do with itself… But there was just something that just was appealing… He was super nice and polite to me… He always smiled at me, and never failed to tell me good morning. But there was something that was holding me back, I just felt funny. For example, when I told my best friend what I was thinking, she replied "Jeremy? He is really nice, but I think he makes a better friend than boyfriend…" And, for a while, that is how I thought about it. 

One day, while thinking about a recent conversation with Jeremy, I decided to write him an email. I tried to keep it lite, but I couldn't help asking him 20 questions about his entire life! The next day I still hadn't heard from Jeremy, and I was starting to think that my email should have been sent to the delete box instead to his box... Then, shortly before lunch, I got a reply;

"Kylie, I usually don't reply to emails, so feel special, since I was kind of blown away by your email! I don't think I have been asked so many questions since I did my taxes. Since lunch is coming up, why don't we just go together, and I will try to answer some of your questions! But no guarantees, a man must have mystery… or is that your job???

Jeremy" 

Thus began a relationship between us. Strictly platonic, at first, I mean, he wasn't my type, right? I began to ask Jordan advice about my relationships with various men... Jordan was always neutral, giving me honest answers, even if he didn't want to… I began to think of Jordan as my best friend... 

We sent each other at least one email a day, we always had lunch together, and we began to call each other before bed, and lay there and talk forever. Sometimes we would just talk until the next morning, when it was time to go to work… And we never ran out of things to say to each other!

Soon, Jeremy started to come over to my house more and more. One night, after watching TV in and talking for hours, Jeremy and I were getting dangerously close to becoming more than friends. (Not that it was a bad thing; I just didn't want to loose what we already had). Jeremy and I were washing our hands after dinner, and as I turned to say something to him, something inside me just clicked. I stood there and just looked at Jeremy, and without a word, He swiftly leaned over and kissed me on my lips… it was the perfect kiss. Not to urgent, but just enough so that I knew that he had wanted to do this for a while. I felt something deep inside me that I had never felt before. Sparks were flying… near literally. It was the most wonderful feeling I had ever had. I looked at him and said, 

"Did you feel that?"

Jeremy nodded silently, and then said 

"I have never felt anything like that." We smiled, and Jeremy leaned over and wrapped his arms around me. Running his fingers through my hair, he whispered "Oh, you are amazing... I really don't want to leave you." He sighed and pulled away. "But, I have to meet my parents at the airport. I wonder if I should just send a taxi for them?"

We laughed and decided that he had better go anyway… I needed to think anyway.Things started to progress from there, as far as our friend-relationship… but things never really got physical. In fact, despite our obvious attraction, I was afraid to go further. I had been in a lot of bad relationships and I could not bring myself to forget my past. So, instead, Jeremy and I pretended that we were OK with just being friends. Jeremy was patient with me, humoring my flirting, and never rushing me, he understood that I needed time, Even though he didn't know when his time would be. We even went underwear shopping and Jeremy bought me an expensive thong, no doubt knowing that he may never see it on, the way I was acting… 

Then it happened. I had taken a long out of state vacation, during which Jeremy and I talked every night, and I began to realize that I was falling for this man, I mean, really falling. I was ready to be with him. I couldn't believe it! My soul mate had been before my eyes for the past 5 months, I didn't care that his ears were big, and he was not the bad boy I was used to, and I wanted him beyond all reason. Finally, the nice guy was going to finish first!! Then night I arrived back, Jeremy came to my house to pick me up for a welcome home dinner. I opened door and gasped. Jeremy had matured into a very good looking individual. He looked totally different. Older. Very hot. I almost melted right then and there...It was hard to believe he had changed so much in only 1 month! 

I wasn't quite ready, being the punctually challenged individual that I am, so I invited Jeremy in while I finished. I was still in my bathrobe, and told Jeremy it would be about 10 minutes, in the mean time, I offered, and Jeremy accepted, a beer, and when I brought it back, he took it, and set it on the table, but never let go of my hand. I leaned into him, my eyes begging for his lips; Jeremy succumbed, and gave them to me. His tongue tentively out lined my lips, and then sought out my tongue... our lips and tongues intertwined and the kiss became more urgent. I started to run my hands in his hair, along his face, and pull at his shirt.

"Kylie" he whispered huskily, toying with the belt of my robe. "I have never wanted anything so badly. I have never been so sure of anything in my life. I need you Kylie."

I smiled and said, 

"Then take me, because I have been yours for a while" I sighed, leaning into him. Jeremy wrapped his arms around me and ran his fingers through my hair before pulling back so that he could give me a lengthy kiss. He tenitivly united my robe as I fumbled with the buttons of his shirt, when my robe fell off; he let out a low moan… I was wearing the thong he had gotten for me, so many months ago. 

"I never thought I would see this… I am so happy I got it for you… you look so beautiful." Jeremy began to run his fingertips along my body. Softly caressing my breasts, before gently flicking each nipple; first with his fingertips, then with his tongue. He let his touch fall to the line of my panties, softly tugging them down. "I want to do something to you that I have not done before…" He gave me a hard kiss, then laid me on the floor, and began to finish taking the little clothing off that I was wearing. Jeremy began to kiss me all over, reveling at my flesh. He freely admitted that he didn't think that he would ever really get me… I was out of his league he thought, but now that I was his for the taking, he was going to take is sweet time. 

Jeremy started to slyly work his way down from my mouth, kissing my breasts, soft at first, then harder, sucking and nibbling on my hard nipples, squeezing them with his big hands… He was like a little kid, holding my milky white breasts in his hands, gently licking my nipples, inspecting each pore on my skin, kissing every inch of it. His touch was so soft; I was melting at each caress. After a few minutes of inspecting my breasts, he began to kiss his way down to my navel, sucking on my flat stomach, leaving small red marks on my skin. I felt a rush of goose-bumps all over my body, and my hands trailed through his hair, and over his shoulders. He parted my thighs with his hands, and kissed the soft skin of my legs. Rubbing his fingers over my smooth mound, he began to rub his thumb against my clit. Then he started to lick it…His soft, wet tongue exploring me. I moaned and pushed my hips into his face, he started to kiss the folds of my pussy, liking and sucking my lips and clit. After gently lapping up all my wetness, he slid 1 finger into me. I responded to this welcome intrusion by arching my back, and moaning loudly. He roughly licked the folds that made up my lips. Flicking my clit with enthusiasm, He pulled his finger in and out, in and out, sometimes leaving it inside me and moving it around, putting pressure on the walls of my inside and feeling for my g-spot. I was squirming with ecstasy. He began to suck my clit excitedly, and my body quivered in anticipation. I pulled on his hair, pushing his mouth to my wet pussy; he was fucking me with his finger and his tongue, his spare hand franticly rubbing my clit. I moaned loudly. I couldn't believe that I was already close, but every time he touched me it felt like there were waves rushing over my body, originating from his fingertips.

"I could taste you forever" he whispered. My body was tingling all over, I felt like his hands where everywhere at once. I was frantic, clawing the sheets, his hair, back, what ever I could reach. He started sucking on my clit, harder and faster. I was moaning so loud, I thought I was going to wake up everyone within a 10 mile radius. I couldn't believe the sensation this man was giving me. Jeremy continued to suck on my clit, hard, perfectly… I never knew that I could ever get so much sensation from one spot. He was still penetrating my neither region with a perfect rhythm, I felt like I was going to have, like, a million orgasms in a row. Clawing at my hair and my chest… moaning with every touch… I couldn't contain myself.

"I am going to cum" I managed to whisper. Bucking my hips wildly, I cam, in a rush of emotion, breathing hard, and moaning harder, I pulled his face to my quivering cunt, rubbing his face in my wetness. I brought him up to me, and kissing my lover deeply, I cleaned his face of my cum. I told him that I wanted to return the favor, and, smiling, I started to pull off his pants.

"Was that really your first time?!"

"Well, yeah…" he said sheepishly. 

"Oh God, I am so lucky! You're a natural", I laughed.

"Thank you." He blushed, and ran his fingers through his mussed hair, "Oh man, guess we can forget about dinner" Jeremy chuckled.

"Well, actually, I was about to have a little something" I said coyly. I grabbed his hard dick, and softly moved my wet tongue around the head. Licking up the precum, I took the head into my warm mouth. Swirling my tongue around it, I started to move my mouth up and down, coating it with my spit. I began to stroke it with my hand, making sure it was slick and wet. Jeremy gasped and began to fondle my tits while I started to work his cock down my throat. I began to move my mouth up and down, twisting my head with each stroke. I would take his head and move it around with my tongue, feeling every inch of it. My hand, which had been gently cupped around his balls, started to move up and down his shaft, moving with my mouth. I began to pull my mouth totally off, stroking the entire length of his dick with my hand. 

I moved so that my ass was near his face, so that I was in a better position to deep throat his large cock. I managed to coat most of his dick with my spit, and, taking a deep breath, I started to swallow his pulsing member. He took advantage of my position by slapping my ass in approval. Then he started to finger my already wet cunt. I moaned, as best as I could with his dick in my mouth, and started to pull my mouth up and down his shaft, taking it down my throat and then out again. My eyes were watering from the deepness, but I couldn't stop, not now. I wanted to take his dick as far inside me as I could. Jeremy was rubbing my clit and finger fucking my seeping cunt. He deftly took his thumb and, using the moisture from my pussy, massaged it around my tight asshole. I was so excited by this I almost forgot what I was doing; I hadn't ever done that before. I regained my composure and gave Jeremy an extra hard jerk and suck. Jeremy moaned loudly and started to fuck my pussy harder, using 2 fingers this time… 

I tightened my hold on his dick, and started to suck harder, swirling my soft tongue around the head as I held it in my mouth. I would pull my mouth totally off, and then shove it back between my wet lips. Jeremy had one hand on my tit, roughly massaging it, pinching my nipple, while moaning loudly. I started to swallow his cock again, wiggling my shoulders so that I worked it down deeper than I thought possible. Jeremy grabbed my ass, and bucked his hips. I continued this new method of deep-throating, his cock coated in thick saliva. I was moving my head around until I was kissing his torso, with his cock still lodged in my throat. His dick started to pulse, and his balls tensed up, I shoved his dick as far down my throat as I could and heard him moan loudly, as I felt Jeremy's load empty in the back of my mouth. I sucked every last drop out of that dick as I came up, giving it one last hard suck before finally releasing it. Jeremy looked at me thankfully. His eyes glazed from his orgasm. He licked his fingers, and then pulled me in for a kiss... 

"Kylie, as fantastic as that was... and I believe that you just won the gold… I am not done with you just yet. I have been waiting for you a long time. And I will not be finished until I have you in every way possible." I bit my lip, looking at him. The fire in his eyes was burning bright, and I knew he meant every word. 

Chapter 2

Jeremy took me by the hand, and led me into my bedroom. The clothes I was planning to wear to dinner were laid out, and he carefully picked them up, and placed them on a chair. Standing before me, Jeremy looked at me, and gave me the sweetest kiss: gentle yet passionate, and slightly urgent. He ran his fingers through my hair, kissing my neck, smelling my sweet perfume. He looked at me and laid me on the bed. Knelling before me, Jeremy spread my legs, licking up all the cum that he had caused me to expel earlier. Smiling, he kissed each of my nipples, sucking slightly before letting go. He kissed my mouth, hard, and pushed me onto my back. 

"I don't want to wait for you anymore…. I am going to take you now." He mumbled between kisses. I took his hard prick into my hands, and started to guide it into me. I stopped at the head, teasing him with the wetness. He tried to push into me, but I moved back, keeping his dripping dick from reaching me. I continued to tease him like this, easing his dick into me just a little more each time before pulling it out. I finally relented, and eased him into me. Jeremy started to pump hard at first, then he slowed down, and started to focus on going deeper… he reached down to my ass, and, grabbing a cheek, he started to push harder and deeper… I was rubbing my clit furiously and grinding my hips along to his rhythm. 

Jeremy began to kiss me, deep and sloppily, moving from my mouth to my neck, where he started to suck, hard. I was moaning and arching my back, so that we were chest-to-chest. Looking into his eyes, I realized that I could actually see the fire burning inside them. He was looking at me with this incredibly intense look, His lips parted and he kissed me, eyes open, and I felt the fireworks all over again. I started to grind against him with renewed vigor. Jeremy suddenly sat up, and, without a word, withdrew. He urgently turned me over, and I got onto my knees. He entered my wet pussy from behind, and I reached down with my hand to feel him sliding inside me, the feeling of my fingers, and my pussy made Jeremy pump harder, and I started to rub my clit again. Jeremy leaned over and grasped one of my large tits, squeezing, he moaned with delight. 

He slapped my ass, and started to rub his finger against the wet hole of my ass. I moaned with ecstasy, for the first time realizing that I enjoyed that sensation a hell of a lot. I reached into my night stand, and grabbed a dildo. I asked Jeremy if he would like to use it on my ass, you know, to prepare it for his dick... He nodded with a smile, so I took it into my mouth to get it nice and wet for my tight ass. He took it, and started to work it into my puckered hole. I almost came right then from the feeling of being so full of cock… real and otherwise. He fucked me like that for about a minute, slapping my ass with a hard 'whap' occasionally. Matching the rhythm and withdrawing his dick and the dildo completely before shoving them back into me, to the hilt. I groaned with unbridled pleasure, and moved my hips back to his body. Jeremy decided the time had come to put his dick into my ass, so he tossed the dildo to the side, and, slid his dick into my waiting wet, tight hole. The stretching was a painful pleasure, and I realized his dick was much bigger than the dildo. He stuck two fingers into my puss, and, wiggling them around inside, he continued to fuck my ass. Having him behind me was so thrilling, because I never knew what he was going to do. I just felt his fingers sliding all over me, going from one crevice to another, surprising me with every move. 

"I can feel myself…" he said in awe.

I whimpered in delight as sensations from the pounding I was receiving flowed through my body. I groaned as his dick continued to work at my ass, quickly bringing me to climax. I reached behind, and grabbed his hand; 

"I am going to explode... "I moaned. Jeremy grabbed my hair, and jerked my head back. As I bucked my body back into him, forcing him to go further inside me, as I came, I felt his cum shoot into my ass. Wave after wave of intense orgasm racked my body and it felt like I was going to go on forever. He continued to shove his fingers relentlessly into my cunt as I came all over his hand. He groaned and pulled his dick out of my stretched ass. His cum dripped out, on to the sheet below me. I lay down, on my back, unable to move, and Jeremy pulled me onto his lap. Turning my face to his, he said, 

"I don't think you understand how I feel about you. You are the most incredible individual I have ever met." He sighed, and I watched as sweat dripped from my lover's forehead. I kissed his mouth, tasting bitter sweat, and my sweet cum on his lips. 

"Jeremy, I think you are awesome" I whispered. "I don't ever want you to leave me… I am falling in love with you." I heard a slight intake of breath, and Jeremy replied with:

"If you fall as hard as I have, then we are going to the perfect couple." we beamed at each other, thinking about our future, and I laid against his chest, with a contented smile on my face. We talked until the next morning, and then had another round. 

This was my true story of what lead to, and the details of, my first time with my soul mate. I met my fiancé, Jeremy, over a year ago, and he and I are still together, still madly in love (falling harder every day) and planning to spend the rest of our lives together like that.