 This story is based on something that happened to me after my first high school boyfriend dumped me. 

*

There is nothing like the freedom of summer break. Alyssa had spent the past few weeks going to the beach, staying out late, and enjoying time with her friends and especially her boyfriend, Tyler. After weeks of him pushing her, she finally decided that she was ready to have sex. 

It was nothing like she'd imagined. She remembered the way his dingy room was humid and smelled like sweat, and how pale he was when he took his pants off. She remembered how clumsily he removed her panties and jammed his fingers inside her. She remembered how bad it hurt when he greedily shoved his cock into her and writhed on top of her.

At the time she felt grown up and special, like she had finally unlocked some cosmic secret. Although sex was not like she'd imagined, she continued to have sex with her boyfriend, who sometimes wanted it three times a day. It wasn't entirely horrible, it just wasn't like she had expected. But, she loved the way it made her boyfriend come around and pay attention to her more. The way he lusted after her made her feel so special and so in love.

After a few weeks, her boyfriend started treating her differently. He still fucked her, of course, but he only called her when he wanted it from her. They stopped going on dates unless she begged him, and it got to the point where she felt devastated that she couldn't make her amazing guy happy. It finally came to a head a few weeks before the end of summer. 

Tyler had invited Alyssa to breakfast that morning. She was so excited that things were finally getting back to normal! She had planned on getting up early, but it had been difficult to sleep in even if she tried. Her family was having work done to their yard, so she was always being awoken by the team of construction workers promptly at 8am every day. After a quick shower she headed to her closet. She decided to wear her favorite summer dress with roses on it and a pair of pink wedges. She heard Tyler's car screeched up to the driveway and she came out to meet him. As she approached the car something seemed off. Tyler wasn't dressed for breakfast; he only had on a pair of swim trunks. And there was someone in the front seat, a very scantily dressed someone, with flowing blonde hair and a lip piercing. 

"Hey, babe. I thought we were going to breakfast. What's going on?"

"Oh, about that...I wanted to tell you I'm seeing someone else now. I need a girl who's down to fuck, not a prude who needs a meal before she puts out."

She was stunned by his words and began to cry. She could barely hear the rest of what he was saying as her head swam furiously with grief and her eyes burned with hot tears. She vaguely noticed his car pulling away and collapsed in a heap on the driveway. 

One of the construction workers, Marco, had watched the whole scene unfold from the other end of the yard. If that kid wasn't underage, he would have knocked his fucking face to a pulp. He had seen Alyssa coming in and out of the house for weeks, always smiling to him as she went. She was a sweet, gorgeous girl. She had even made cookies for the workers a few times and brought them out on their lunch break. His rage grew as the car began to disappear into the distance. Then, he snapped back to reality when he saw her lying on the pavement crying. He dropped his shovel and ran over to her. Then, it occurred to him that this might scare her. He was a 6' 3" construction worker. He had on a dirty shirt, torn pants, and big boots. She, on the other hand, was a petite girl with clean, porcelain skin and soft brown hair. 

He stopped within a few feet of where she was lying and tried to speak to her.

"Excuse me, miss. Are you okay? I saw what that asshole. Fuck, I mean, what that guy did." He needed to watch his mouth. He wasn't used to being around anyone but his construction worker buddies lately. He tried again to speak to her, but she was in a shock. He had to do something. He went over to her and put his hand on her shoulder. It was large and calloused, but she seemed to reacted slightly to his sincere and gentle touch. After a while her crying only became worse and she was still crumpled on the ground. It was heartbreaking to watch, and he had to do something. He effortlessly scooped her up in his arms and carried her to her front door. She didn't even seem to notice. She was clutching her keys in her hands. He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. 

"Hey, hey...shhh it's okay. Let's go inside. It's okay. Please don't cry," he whispered.

Her release on her keys slackened at his gentle words, and he unlocked the door. He carried her over to what he could only guess was her living room sofa. It looked homey and comforting, exactly what she needed. He delicately placed her on the sofa and sat down next to her. Now that she was upright he could see the tears streaming down her face and falling onto her crumpled dress. Despite it all, he was still shocked by how beautiful she was. He continued to sit with her and began to rub her back when she seemed comfortable with him. 

After a few more minutes her crying began to soften and she started to apologize. Marco stopped her instantly.

"Please don't apologize. I just want to know that you're okay."

Alyssa sniffled.

"I don't think I'm okay. I'm just not good enough."

He didn't know what to say. She was obviously upset, but that boy must have messed her up good. 

"I just feel so stupid and ugly."

At that, Marco couldn't keep quiet any longer.

"How can you possibly say that? Just because one stupid boy doesn't know what he's got."

"No, you're wrong. He's perfect. It's my fault. I'm just messed up."

"I'm looking at you, and I can tell you that you're beautiful and sweet."

At this she began to cry again. She shook her head. 

"No. You're wrong. He's so special. He...he was my first. I know why he dumped me."

Again, she paused as a wave of fresh tears overtook her. This time, Marco leaned her into his chest and rocked her. What could he do? Here was this girl who couldn't tell that her boyfriend was a complete fucking idiot. She'd never gone through a relationship before, and he remembered his first relationship and how hard his break up was. She settled down once more and began to speak again.

"He dumped me because...I couldn't cum."

Marco nearly gasped out loud at that word coming out of her sweet mouth. Then, in a split second a thousand thoughts ran through his mind. First, he felt overwhelming anger. He was going to find that skinny bastard and smash his windshield. Then, he felt a pang of guilt because he was drawn to thoughts he had been trying to suppress all morning. At the mention of sex, he immediately got turned on thinking about this girl naked and what she would be like on top of him, riding him." Then, he didn't know what came over him, but he started kissing her cheek. Something about his touch seemed to calm her, and his kiss had the same effect. He continued to slowly lead a trail of soft kisses over her cheek and down to her neck. He felt guilty about how aroused he was getting, but he knew it was futile to try to suppress his growing erection. Hopefully she wouldn't notice. Then, he realized that her tears had stopped. He took this as an opportunity to start kissing her neck a little less innocently. 

A tiny moan escaped her lips as his rough mouth traced over the curve of her neck. His erection became even harder as he heard the sweet, silky sound. Her moans of approval continued and he once again took this as an indication that he should keep going. He knew what he needed to do. He was going to make her cum so hard she'd cry (this time in a good way).

His big fingers pulled at the thin dress straps on her shoulders. He slid them down her smooth arms and let her dress fall. His breath caught as he took in the sight of her full, pale breasts. These were not breasts that belonged on a young, sweet girl, but on a sexy woman. Immediately his mouth was drawn to her puffy, pink nipple. As he flicked at it with his tongue, he could feel it perk up. By this point, he was stiffer than he could ever remember being, and Alyssa had gone from crying to whimpering. His fingers traced down her smooth stomach, pulling the dress as he went. Then, he slid it down to her knees and let it fall to the floor. When he reluctantly took his mouth off of her breast, he looked down and saw her white, cotton panties. He could see how aroused she was by a small damp spot between her legs. 

"Do you want me to stop?"

She had never felt anything like this before. Tyler had never been so gentle with her. Instead of words, she pulled her face to his and began to kiss him deeply. Once again, it was like nothing she had ever experienced. Their tongues danced together and she became even wetter. As much as he was enjoying her mouth on his, he was on a mission. He pulled away and resumed his exploration of her body. He laid her down on the couch and hovered over her, bringing his nose to her panties. He could smell her arousal, tangy and warm. He brought his hands to cup her ass and ripped her panties down until they were around her ankles. Her pussy was small and smooth, with a little patch of fuzz at the top. Although it was clear she was turned on, she held her legs closed together. He looked up at her and could see worry on her face.

"I don't want to disappoint you," she said timidly.

He couldn't believe she actually thought that was a possibility. How could she not know how gorgeous she was? He reassured her and told her to relax. 

"You are so beautiful. Will you please let me taste you?"

His words once again worked their magic in calming her down, and she let her legs fall apart. At the sight of her bright pink pussy lips spreading apart, he couldn't help but groan as his erection became even stiffer. He slowly lowered his mouth between her legs, kissing her thighs lightly on his way to her wet snatch. His tongue immediately found its way to her core and she shuddered with pleasure. Her juices coated his mouth in a sweet layer. He fucked her a few more times with his tongue and then worked his way up to her clit. He swirled his tongue around it and she almost yelled with pleasure. He continued to swirl and flick his tongue over her clit as her moans escalated. He loved playing with her pussy and decided to tease her as long as possible. He stuck one of his thick fingers in her and slowly began pumping as his sucked and swirled over her clit. She was unbelievably tight, but he shoved yet another finger inside her. He could feel her pussy tensing, and he knew it wouldn't be long, so he started licking her clit with powerful strokes and rubbing her g-spot mercilessly until she was grinding her pussy on his face and screaming as waves of ecstasy rolled through her body. He didn't care that he couldn't breathe. He had his face buried in the wettest little pussy and his fingers were practically being constricted by the strongest orgasm he'd ever given a woman.

When she had finally ridden out the last of her orgasm, he came up to meet her face. She was stunned. He lunged in and gave her a powerful kiss. She could taste herself all over his mouth and she could feel another orgasm already building. She couldn't believe that she'd just had an orgasm. 

Her legs were like jelly and her pussy still felt tingly. Marco was surprised when she stood up and pulled him up with her. He couldn't tell if she was going to slap him or what, but then she dropped to her knees and began grabbing at his pants with urgency. It didn't take her long to pull his pants down to reveal a huge, thick cock. She had only ever seen one other one in her life, and it looked nowhere near as amazing as this one. She placed her hands on it and were amazing at how small they looked holding his cock. She began licking his tip like a lollipop, swirling it around her pink tongue. Then, she slid the entire length into her mouth. Marco nearly came at the sight of her kneeling in front of him and at the sensation of feeling the back of her throat with his cock. She continued to gag herself with his cock until it was dripping with saliva. Then, he pulled her up from the floor and back into his arms once more. In a few urgent steps he carried her to the kitchen and placed her on the counter. Without warning, he drove his cock into her tiny pussy. This time, she screamed in pain and then pleasure at being so filled. He groaned at the strain he felt shoving into her tight hole. He began pumping harder and faster, then he scooped her up once again and slammed her against the wall. From this angle, he could drill her even harder, his balls swinging furiously and slapping her ass loudly. He licked his thumb and brought it down to her clit. He could feel that she was almost ready to explode and it didn't take much rubbing until once again, she was riding out an enormous orgasm. Her walls were squeezing his cock so hard that he began to come, too. Their groans rose together as he filled her up with a thick load of cum. 

They dropped to the floor in blissful exhaustion. Marco's heart lifted when he saw that Alyssa was smiling a huge grin.

"I can't believe I came! That was amazing."

"I can't believe you dated such a loser."

They continued to lie on the floor, wrapped in a mess of arms and legs. Marco couldn't believe his luck as he started to tweak her nipples between his fingers again. 

"I guess sometimes it does pay to be a nice guy," he thought to no one but his lucky self.