 ...and that's not a bad thing when Guy is your lover.

This is a longish story. I don't start off with sex. I promise there'll be plenty of what we expect from this site. Anal, oral, exhibitionism, regular sex, sex in public, etc ...

It all begins on Valentine's Day. There's a beautiful new girl in school. You're a nice guy. You give her a card and she acts like a real bitch. 

All characters having sex are over eighteen. And yes this is how I met my wife. About 90% of the story is true. 

*

^^^Valentine's Day 2001^^^

"What the fuck!" Erica said as she stood beside her school desk. She was in her homeroom. 

Mr. Thomas looked up from the English paper he was grading and said, "Watch your language, Ms. Beeker. This is a classroom. Cursing is prohibited."

The sixteen-year-old with long, blond hair ignored him. She put her backpack on the seat and picked up the homemade Valentine's Day card that someone had placed on her desk. 

It was a drawing of a schoolyard scene. A girl with yellow hair was on one side of a teeter-totter and a black-haired boy was on the other seat. The sky was full of heart-shaped clouds. There was a bubble above the boy's head with a message that asked, "Will you be my Valentine?" It was signed, 'Nice Guy'.

"Who did this?" Erica asked. From the tone of her voice and her facial expression, her classmates knew that she was pissed. 

She said, "Is this a prank or do you hayseeds actually think I would date any of you? What's this signature 'Nice Guy' all about? It reminds me of the phrase 'Nice guys finish last'. I'll prove that it's still true. 'Nice Guy', whoever you are, you are the last guy on Earth I would date!"

She gave the twenty high school sophomores in her homeroom a hard look and then said, "You don't like me and I don't like you. I'm the new kid who parachuted into your school a week ago. By now, you all know my story. Big city girl orphaned when her parents die in a tragic car crash and she's sent to this little, hick, farming town to live with her only living relatives, her grandparents.

"I'll be out of here as soon as I get the cash settlement from my parents' death. Then, it's back to Los Angeles. To Hollywood. The next time you see me, you'll be paying for the privilege. It'll be at a concert or in a movie theater."

She moved her knapsack to the floor and sat down. 

The classroom teacher, Mr. Thomas, had been teaching school for twenty years. He was used to outbursts from hormonal teenagers. He waited her out and got on with his day. He said, "Everyone in the seats, please. I have a few announcements to make before school starts . . . " He droned on.

The bell rang and the students got up to go to their first class. A guy with acne and black hair, badly in need of a haircut, came up to Erica in the crowded hallway and said, "I made the Valentine's Day card. I wasn't angling for a date. I was trying to be nice." He turned on his heels and went in the other direction.

^^^

Lunchtime found Erica sitting alone. Two girls approached her. They each had a handmade card and held it out so she could see it. Sally, the short one with long brown hair said, "Everyone in our class, gets a personalized Valentine's Day card every year from Guy Stevens. He's been doing it since first grade. They're kind of cool."

The chubby girl said, "He's really good at drawing. He draws you and something special about you. Your dog or horse. You in the marching band or scoring a touchdown. In mine, he has me sitting in front of a typewriter because I write for the school's paper."

The cute, brown-haired girl said, "Every year he uses the same corny line, 'Will you be my Valentine?' and he signs it 'Nice Guy' because that's what everyone calls him. His name is Guy and he's nice."

"He's the kind of guy who would make a card for the new kid in school even though he doesn't know her because everyone else is getting one and he doesn't want her to feel left out," the writer said.

"I'm sorry about your parents," Sally said sincerely.

"Yes. Sorry," the heavy teenager said.

The sophomore girls walked away. 

^^^April 30th, 2001^^^ 

That Monday, Erica saw a flyer announcing that the school was having a Talent Show. As she signed up, she said out loud to no one in particular, "Finally, something at this school that I'll enjoy. I'll show these Bumkins what a star looks like."

Guy saw her putting her name on the sign-up sheet. He came over and asked, "What do you plan to do?"

"Win."

"Wow! You're confident," he said. She moved aside. Guy stepped up, signed his name, and said, "I'm planning to sing."

"Me too. They say nice guys finish last. We'll find out if that's true. I do know that the best you can hope for is second place."

"We'll see about that," Guy said with a smile.

^^^Saturday, May 12th, 2001^^^

The curtain closed after Guy sang his rendition of Faith Hill's song "Breathe". He left the stage to applause. The curtain closed behind him.

Two teenage stagehands brought a regular school desk out onto the stage. Erica followed them, She wore a short pleated skirt, dark thigh high hose, clunky shoes, a gray sweater, and a white Oxford shirt unbuttoned and tied at her waist. Her lacy black bra was exposed. She sat on the seat of the desk and signaled the boy controlling the curtain that she was ready. 

The curtain rose and showed the audience a bored teenage girl slouching at her desk. Erica, her blond hair in pigtails, tapped her foot against the desk. Then, she began to drum her pencil on an open book. The sound of a loud clock ticking played over the speakers. Next, a school bell rang. Erica stood and music began to play.

Erica sang and danced as Britney Spears did in her video "Baby One More Time." 

She performed flawlessly. 

Other acts followed: a magician, a juggler, and some dancers. 

At the end of the show, Mrs. Swanson, the school's music teacher, stood on stage with Guy and Erica. She said, "Here are the two finalists selected by the judges. And the winner of the talent show is . . . Erica Beeker!"

^^^2002 Valentine's Day^^^

Erica walked into homeroom. She spied a card on her desk. She went over, picked it up, and laughed. The card showed her dressed as Britney Spears. She was on a stage next to a stripper pole except the pole was the stem of a large, red rose.

The image showed her squatting with her legs spread. Her left hand gripped the rose just above a sharp thorn. Her head was cocked to the side. She looked straight out of the drawing with big eyes and a big smile. Her right hand was lifting her short skirt exposing her white panties and tanned thighs. 

She held up the card and called out, "Nice job, Guy. You captured the real me. Beautiful, sexy, and unafraid."

^^^2002 Talent Show^^^

Guy walked on the stage carrying his acoustic guitar. He sat on a stool and played a slower, more soulful version of Nickelback's grunge rock hit "How You Remind Me". He had a nice, melodic, deep voice. His version was less angry. It was thoughtful and sad. He finished the song and walked off to applause.

Erica was the final performer. She marched confidently on stage and sat at the piano. She covered Vanessa Carlton's hit "A Thousand Miles". She killed it. She copied ever nuance, intonation, and facial expression from the music video.

Guy and Erica stood side by side on the stage at the end of the night. The music teacher held the microphone. Mrs. Swanson said, "We had many wonderful performances tonight. I want to thank all our performers."

She paused and the audience clapped politely. 

Guy leaned over, smiled, and said, "Good luck, Erica. You were great."

Mrs. Swanson opened the envelope in her hand and said, "The good news for us is, since both our top performers are Juniors, we will be able to enjoy them for another year. The winner on the 2002 Talent Show is . . . Erica Beeker!"

Erica burst out with a big smile. She turned to Guy and whispered, "You gave a nice performance, but nice doesn't win."

She accepted the trophy from Mrs. Swanson and soaked in the applause of the audience.

^^^2003 Valentine's Day^^^

Erica walked into homeroom and looked expectantly at her desk. There it was, a card. She smiled, went over, and picked it up. It showed her sitting at a piano playing and singing. The piano was zooming down the highway just as Vanessa Carlton had in her music video.

She went over to Guy and said, "Nice. Thanks."

^^^May 2003 Talent Show^^^

Guy walked on stage carrying a ukulele. He sat on a stool in the center of the stage, closed his eyes, strummed, and sang the Otis Redding classic, "Sitting on the Dock of the Bay".

The audience was spellbound by his powerful, moving performance.

Erica watched from behind the stage. Halfway through the song, she said to herself, "Crap! He's killing it. I'm going to have to step up my game. I'd planned to sing P!nk's song, "Don't Let me Get Me" because I could've written that song. I'm a girl who doesn't support anyone or anything. I don't take direction. I'm always in a fight and I desperately want to be someone other than me, a girl stuck in this small town."

She blanched. Fear caused her body to tremble. She took a deep breath, calmed down, and said to herself, "I've dominated this school's theatre department. I get the lead in all the plays and I win this contest every year. Performing P!nk's song would be fun because it speaks to me, but I need to do something with more wow value. I've been practicing Shakira's "Whenever, Wherever". I'll switch to that."

She ran to her pocketbook and got a compact disc with an instrumental version of Shakira's hit song. She took it to the goofy kid with thick glasses who was working the audio equipment. She handed it to him and said, "When I'm on stage, play this CD. Understand?"

He nodded. His fat head rocked slowly back and forth like a bobblehead doll's skull.

Erica was dressed like P!nk had in her video. She had on a white tee shirt with the name of her high school, red gym shorts, tall, white, athletic socks and tennis shoes. She asked herself, "How can I sex up this outfit in five seconds?" 

She reached underneath her shirt and behind her back. She unsnapped her bra. Then she pulled the straps down and pulled the bra through an armhole. She handed it to the nerd and said, "Hang on to this for me."

He stared at her with bugged out eyes. He held her brassiere reverently. He looked at the tag, and said, "Wow! 32D."

The eighteen-year-old woman grabbed the front bottom of her shirt, twisted it, and tied it in a knot so her belly would be exposed. She said, "That's the best that I can do under the circumstances."

The sound guy ogled her bare mid-drift and her big, braless boobs. He nodded and echoed her words, saying, "The best."

Guy finished his song to thunderous applause. He shyly waved and walked off the stage. The stage manager signaled for Erica to go on. She smiled, stood tall, and walked to center stage. She stood on her mark and waited for Shakira's song to start.

Nothing happened. She turned and scowled at the audio guy who was busy fingering her bra. Another stagehand said, "Gerald, play her music."

"Oh. Oh!" the geek grunted. He put on the music. Erica sang and danced. 

She gave an electric, energetic performance. She nailed the song. She shook her hips, rolled her stomach, and did all the belly dancer moves. She even crawled across the stage imitating Shakari. It was a sexy, high energy performance made hotter by the fact that the big boobed teen was obviously braless. Her breasts bounced around. They stretched and deformed her tight tee shirt. Her nipples were hard. It looked like there were bullets under her top.

The song ended. Erica got a standing ovation from all the boys in the school. There was clapping, cheering, whistles, and catcalls. Erica sucked it all in. She enjoyed the applause and even, the jeers and sexual comments. To her, the crowd's response was the sound of victory. 

Mrs. Swanson looped her arm in Guy's and escorted him onto the stage. She carried the trophy in her other hand. They went and stood beside Erica. She spoke into the microphone and said, "We changed the rules of the contest this year since two of our regular judges are unavailable. Miss Temple is under the weather and Mr. Jackson is visiting his mother who is gravely ill. We wish everyone a speedy recovery.

"This year, the winner is selected by you, the audience. Guy and Erica were no doubt our top two performers and there's no doubt who received the most applause. Erica Beeker is the crowd's favorite."

She gave Erica the trophy and stepped back, leaving Erica out front to face the horny, cheering throng of teenage boys. She leaned forward and said in her ear, "Listen to them cheer. We both know it's not your talent that impressed them. It was your bouncing breasts. Go to Hollywood. I can't wait for you to get your comeuppance. You think you're a special talent. Here you are unique, but in Hollywood, there are thousands of pretty girls with nice hair, 34-inch hips, and big boobs who can sing and dance. You won't make it!"

Erica waved to the audience and then turned to the music teacher. She said, "You bitter old woman! That's your story, isn't it? I'm not you. I have the talent, the looks, and the drive to make my dreams come true. You'll see."

She walked off stage. She swung her hips from side to side in an exaggerated manner. The boys in the auditorium cheered loudly.

^^^June 2003^^^

Erica, Guy, and all the other students in the senior class graduated at a ceremony that was held in the air-conditioned school gymnasium because it was another beastly hot day in the San Joaquin Valley. The temperature topped the century mark.

That night, the graduates went to various dinners and parties to celebrate. Many of them gathered at a secluded campground after the family events to party with their friends. 

The owners of a large farm, who didn't object to teens having fun, had agreed to let the graduates hold a party at their place. It was understood that the kids would play loud music, get rowdy, drink, smoke, and have sex. Just like the owners had done at their age.

The one condition the easygoing parents had insisted on was that all party goers be at least eighteen. Their son made sure this rule was followed. 

That night the temperate was in the mid-sixties. Those who wanted to and were of age gathered at a campground on the outside of town. Community groups, churches, and the Boy & Girl Scouts used this piece of land by a bend in the river for picnics and camping trips. The site had rustic log cabins with electricity. The bathrooms were latrines. 

Tonight, many of the senior class and their friends were there. They gathered, talking and drinking, in the usual cliques: the jocks, the popular kids, the goody-two-shoes, stoners, and nerds. 

Guy was there with Sally. She was a short, pretty, young woman with long brown hair and bright, brown eyes. The tops of her tanned breasts peeked out of a summer outfit. She was a chatty, friendly eighteen-year-old who brought the shy young man out of his shell.

They moved easily from group to group. They were the nicest people in their class. They got along with everyone. After visiting with the jocks and cheerleaders by the bonfire, Sally said, "Let's check out one of the cabins."

"Okay."

As they walked to the farthest cabin, Sally said, "Thank you for giving me a ride." She lied when she added, "I don't know what's wrong with my car."

She stepped into the cabin, flipped on the light, and smiled when she discovered that no one was in it. She said, "When I was a kid, my Scout troop would come here. We'd hike and swim and sleep in these cabins."

"Me too," Guy said. "It was always a blast."

Sally walked through the main area to the bedroom. She turned on the light. Inside were the usual four cots. Three were single beds with bare mattresses. One was made up with nice linens. There were fresh flowers in a vase on the night table.

Guy followed her in and said, "I wonder who did that?"

"I did," Sally confessed. "I drove out here this morning and made the bed for us."

Guy looked at her with wide eyes and raised eyebrows. "I thought your car was out of commission."

"I lied about it being broken. I told you that because I knew you'd offer to give me a ride and I wanted to be with you tonight."

At 5' 2", Sally was ten inches shorter that Guy. She came up to him and looked at him with her big, brown eyes. She said, "I like you. We always have fun when we're together. I was hoping we could have some fun tonight."

"I like you too. You're easy to talk to. You're funny and pretty . . ."

"Shut up," Sally said. The short woman pressed her body to his, stood on her toes, wrapped her arms around his neck, and pulled his face to hers. She planted a kiss on his lips. He was surprised but quickly got with the program. He kissed her soft, inviting lips. More kisses followed. She leaned into him and pushed him back to the bed. They got on the bed and made out.

She rubbed his erection through his pants, giggled and said, "Nice, Guy."

He groped a breast and said, "Very nice."

"Maybe, you'd like a better look," she said in a husky voice. 

He nodded. She got up on her knees and pulled her tank top over her head. She giggled as her tits dropped into view.

"Wow. I didn't know you were braless. Cool."

"The girls are too big to for me to not wear a bra," Sally explained. "My shirt has a built-in bra." She presented her chest for his inspection. She giggled as her reddish brown nipples hardened and said, "I'm short, but I'm not small. My boobs are as big or bigger than any of the cheerleaders. Do you like them?"

Guy reached out, hefted her boobs reverently, and said, "They're awesome." He gave them a squeeze and shook them to see the soft flesh jiggle. Next, he brought his mouth to one. He sucked a dusky nipple. 

"Oh!" she sighed and lay on her back. Guy lay beside her and feasted on her more than ample bosom.

She moaned and squirmed as he made love to her tits. Then, she pushed him away and said, "That was great. Unlike most boys, you weren't too rough. Now, let me return the favor. Get naked!"

He smiled and climbed off the bed. He took off all his clothes. When she saw his hard, healthy dick, she smiled and said, "Nice one on a nice guy. That's the complete package."

She knelt before him and enveloped his dick with her mouth. 

"Oh! Yeah," he said.

She licked, kissed and sucked his member. She giggled, pulled off, and said, "Again, you see I'm short, but not small. My mouth is big enough to give you a decent blowjob."

She returned to blowing him. He returned to moaning and after a bit, he said, "Sally this is great. I want to taste you. Can I go down on you?"

She hesitated and said to herself, "Crap. I'd love for him to eat me, but that isn't my plan. Some many boys cum too soon when they fuck me that I don't have a prayer of climaxing. They last longer if I get them to orgasm during foreplay. Is Guy different? He knew how to handle my breasts and the other girls say he's a good lover. Should I chance it?"

He made the decision for her. Guy stepped back and took his dick away from Sally. He said, "Lay on the bed. I want to go down on you."

She got off her back and stood on the bed. She smiled and said, "I guess I should get out of these clothes." She shimmied out of her shorts and stood topless before him. She paused to let him admire her

sexy, thong. 

"You're beautiful," Guy said. The look of awe on his face buttressed his words.

"Thanks," she said. She turned her back to him, arched her back, and pushed out her ass. She let him admire it. Then, she slapped her ass, looked at him, and said, "I have a plump derriere, don't I?"
