 She entered the room and undressed, pausing when she got to her bra and panties. The receptionist told her she could choose to either keep her underwear on or to go naked under the towel. On another day, she may have chosen to be modest, lest the masseur catch a glimpse of her nude parts. Today, however, would be different. Today, she felt good about her body. Today, she happened to know how handsome the masseur was. Today was the first time in a while that a guy would be touching her.

She stripped off her bra and then her panties. She wrapped the towel around herself and laid on the table on her stomach. The anticipation was already arousing her. Yes, she had gotten a few massages before but she was never in quite the right mood, usually starting out too stressed or too nervous about the newness of it. This time would be different. She had been thinking about this massage for a while, preparing herself so she could fully enjoy it.

The door opened and she heard him walk into the room. He walked over to stand in front of her. All she could see was the thickness of his legs. He asked her what she was looking for and if there were any areas he should focus on.

"No, not really. I've just been really stressed lately." She replied. After a pause, she worked up some courage, "I guess my legs have been feeling really tight lately."

"Your legs? Like right here?" he asked as he gently touched her hamstrings.

She felt herself melt as soon as he touched her. "Yeah, right there . . . and I guess a little higher? Like, the inside of my legs."

"No problem. I don't normally work too high up the legs so let me know if I go anywhere that's uncomfortable."

"OK, I will" she responded, knowing that there was no where he could possible touch her that could make her uncomfortable. "You know what? You probably know best what I need. I'll just let you decide." He nodded.

He applied some oil and first started massaging her back. His hands were so strong as he kneaded the knots out of her back. She felt her whole body relax.

His hands moved to her legs, starting first at her calves, working in a gliding motion. As he started gliding up the back of her legs, she could feel her body begin to get aroused. Her pussy was already so wet.

He combined a gentle gliding motion with some stronger kneads and steadily worked his way up her legs until he was mere inches from her pussy. She felt herself throb and wondered if he could tell what was happening to her underneath the towel. She wanted to give him some encouragement to keep going but didn't know quite how.

As he kneaded the inside of her legs, the vibrations made her pussy wetter and wetter. Every time he switched from kneading to gliding, she felt him inch just a little closer to the magic spot. She hoped he would continue but worried that he would behave himself and stop just short.

Maybe he really was going to play it safe. His hands then moved from her legs to her lower back and then her sides. She was frustrated that his fingers weren't inside her but she also loved the feel of him on her sides. Her breasts were pushed up against the table but he would linger on the side of each breast as he massaged.

She knew she had to give him a hint. She needed to show him what she really wanted, what she needed. She wiggled her body to lift her towel up a bit, just enough to show the bottom half of her ass.

He said nothing but he reacted swiftly. He began kneading her ass, again making her pussy throb from the vibrations. Still, she wondered if he understood what she wanted. As he gliding his hands across her gluts, she raised her hips just a bit, her body offering him an easier access if he were so inclined.

And he was. He caressed the lines of her leg until her reached the outside of her pussy. She moaned immediately. He slid a finger inside her from behind and felt her wetness. At first, he was tentative but he quickly settled into a rhythm of fingering that caused her to moan louder and louder. Although she was tight, he managed to fit a second finger into her, much to her delight. Before long he was fingering her fast and hard, just like she does when she's alone at night. Only a minute into this movement, she felt her body shake and release onto his fingers. She surprised herself at how loud she moaned as she did so but hoped that no one in the adjacent rooms could hear her.

She knew her body well enough to know that her cum this time was thick and creamy. He grabbed a towel and wiped his fingers dry, again returning to the professional, clinical role of masseur. There were 30 minutes left in the massage and her continued in silence, neither one of them acknowledging what happened.

He flipped her over and massaged her front. As he started on her arms, she closed her eyes and began to recover from the hard orgasm. His hands felt nice on her arms and she began to relax again for a while. He touched her breasts underneath the towel, giving them a legitimate massage, staying away from her nipples.

Before long, he moved to the front of her legs and she felt herself craving him once more. She kept her eyes closed, fearing that if she opened them and saw where she was she would chicken out of continuing. The towel had fallen back down to cover her front and she lifted it up again, letting him know she was game for more if he was.

He was game. He grabbed her legs and pulled her to the edge of the table. Getting down on his knees, she felt him spread her pussy wide. Next she felt his lips tasting and exploring her soaking wet pussy. He licked her pussy with long hard strokes, savoring the taste of her.

She felt his lips on her clit and she shuddered at how sensitive it was. He softened his licks and found a gentle licking motion that made her crazy. Still with eyes closed, she lowered her hands and rubbed his head, acknowledging that he shouldn't stop.

She rocked her hips up and down and uttered the first words she'd said in nearly an hour: a soft whisper of "Yes! Yes!" He continued eating her as her grip on his head grew tighter and tighter. It wasn't long before she felt herself cum once more, this time even more powerful than the first.

She laid back and finally opened her eyes. He smiled at her and looked at the clock. "Was I right about what you needed?" he asked with a wink.