 Your orgasm was so strong, it knocked you out. Your screams had filled the air with delight and ecstasy. Seconds later, you were fast asleep for a much needed nap. It had been one of my favorite orgasms to hear from you; I love them all, knowing how much pleasure is flooding through your body.

I watched you sleep for several minutes. Your breathing was even and deep. Your naked body was beautiful and I couldn't keep my hands off of you. Slowly, I caressed your skin – starting with your shoulder, I moved down your arms and back up. I ran my fingertips all around your chest – down your cleavage, around your stomach and back up to your breasts. 

Slowly and softly, I ran my fingertips around your nipple. Your body had begun its recovery period from the orgasm but your nipple responded quickly to my touch. Your breathing remained even but your nipple enjoyed the extra attention.

I shifted my position and took your nipple in my mouth. My warm and wet tongue glided around your nipple. You moaned slightly in your sleep. Music to my ears. I was in no rush and I didn't want to wake you; I just wanted you to feel that much more pleasure while you slept. I reached over to rub your other breast while my tongue made love to your nipple.

I shifted my position and moved down your body, kissing softly the whole way: Your nipple, the underside of your breast, your abdomen, your hip, the top of your fur – oh, how I love your fur – and the top of your public mound. 

I positioned a hand on each side of your labia and opened you just a bit. I began by gliding my tongue, slowly and seductively up and down each of your lips. I repeated the move another dozen times. You let out a sound that I would describe as a cross between a moan and a deep exhale. I tiled my head as though we were face to face and I was about to kiss you, letting our tongues intertwine. Now, though, there was no tongue to meet mine; it was my fantastic partner's beautiful and welcoming pussy. I passionately used my tongue and lips to make love to your pussy, my tongue exploring your lips and penetrating your vagina. I knew I wouldn't reach your g-spot with my tongue but that didn't stop me from trying.

I shifted my hands to wrap them around your hips and pull your closer to me, to allow my tongue to be deeper within you. Your body responded and your hips lifted. I felt movement; awake, you moved your hands to your breasts and gave them more attention. You rubbed your palms against your nipples and occasionally pulled a nipple between your thumb and forefinger. Later, you told me that you had not yet opened your eyes at this point and that you kept them closed to enjoy every moment and let your mind wander. 

After several minutes, you moved your hands down to my head. Your palms on the side and fingers wrapped around to the back, you pulled me closer (which I hadn't through possible). I didn't need more feedback to know I was doing the right thing in the moment and I kept going with my tongue exploring your pussy. You pulled my head in; I pulled your whole body closer to mine with my hands now on your ass.

In time, pulled back to be able to shift and licked your clit with one long and painfully slow stroke form the back of my tongue to the very tip. You let out a moan of exasperated delight and so I repeated the move several times over. Your breathing increased and your clit leaned forward and exposed itself a little more to get some more attention.

I wrapped my lips around your clit and sucked a little. Your breathing sped up quickly, now reaching a pant. Giving your clit a small break from the sucking, I slowly circled my tongue around it. You were one happy woman and I was delighted to be the reason. I traded off between the long stroke, the sucking and the circling for a few minutes and then, while continuing my tongue's workout of your clit, I brought my hand from around your back and slowly inserted my middle finger into your pussy. I found your g-spot with ease, as it had already been my friend before your screaming orgasm that day, and it felt as engorged as the last time we met.

"Come here, come to me," I fingered, and it responded by swelling all the more to embrace my finger. You responded with a happy and urgent moan. We continued to play and your orgasm continued to build.

I cannot begin to rank how I feel about the various positions and ways in which you cum; they are all incredible to me and I want desperately to bring you to orgasm as many times as I can over the years we have. I love you, my beauty, and you deserve pleasure as much as you can get it.

You were almost there and I was happy to be along for the ride. Between my finger and my tongue, you were building and building to another fantastic orgasm. My other hand, which had simply been holding you close to me from behind you, got into the action. I know how much you live when I run my finger up and down the crack of your ass. That's all it took. I continued to help you now from three places and the feel of so much sensation overpowered you.

You screamed my name, increasingly quickly as you do when you're on the cusp of orgasm and then let out a scream that was even louder than the last one that hit you just a short while beforehand. I continued to let my fingers do their magic inside and behind; I lifted my head and that's when you squirted. A stream flew past my cheek as you continued to gasp and scream. It had been a powerful orgasm and your body was on a high.

Your screaming turned to panting; your panting turned to regular breathing; and your shallow breaths turned to deep breathing once again. You were out. This time, I let you sleep for a while. I shifted up a bit, resting my head on your abdomen and held you tightly.