 I walked from the campus, heading towards my car with my backpack slung over one shoulder. It was just around 10 o'clock, and the late night class I had was finally over. When I first signed up for this program, I thought it would be a walk in the park, even an alternative to college I would gladly accept. It turns out if you're this far undercover as a college student, you actually have to BE a college student. 

The program started about ten years ago, after the government realized how much was going down in some of the country's larger colleges. They would take an agent-in-training, such as myself, and place them in schools in every problem area, whether it be gangs, drugs, or other miscellaneous mischief. They put me in a house with retired agents posing as parents, gave me a car, wardrobe, and back story, and let me loose to monitor/infiltrate groups and individuals as I deem necessary. I'm 24, posing as a late entry sophomore at the University of Cincinnati. I'm 6'0, with a body formed from weight training, running, and yoga. I have buzzed brown hair and green bedroom eyes, as girls often told me, and the only celebrity I've been told I looked like was Jake Gyllenhaal. Oh, my name might help I suppose. Nicholas Stryker.

Now that you have a little background, I can tell you some of the here and now. I've been dating one of my classmates for a little over four months now. She has no idea what I really do, and I aim to keep it that way. I met Rae at a party about a month after I went under. She was an upper class girl, originally from Chicago, that had all the mannerisms of a girl fresh out of the finest finishing school, but the style of a certain girl with a certain dragon tattoo. Black thick hair with purple and blonde highlights, jade green eyes covered by thin black-framed glasses, and a killer body highlighted by perfect 34D tits and a high and tight ass. This package usually came wrapped in a tight cut off Black Sabbath t-shirt and tight black jeans, complete with two rings going through the right side of her perfect lips. The party where we met was thrown by the current target of my investigation, Jason McClaren. Suspected of being the head of a drug ring that stretched through UC and two other schools nearby, he was an all-around douchebag. A thug originally from the west side of Cincinnati, he had an almost admirable ability to understand the weakness in people around him and prey on it; which, in the drug game, makes for a good businessman. As much as I hated the fact that Rae hung out with people close to his circle, it was a way in. It was also that connection that lead to the party we were headed to tonight, thrown in honor of the finals winding down, leading to a fresh ripple of ecstasy that washed over the whole campus.

I got in my car, a blacked out 2011 Mazda 2, something that blends a youthful look with the ability to not be seen behind the wheel, due to the tinted glass. Satellite radio didn't hurt, either. The red gauges flicked to life at the turn of my key, and the matching red display for the satellite radio mounted over the dash came on as well, filling the car with the end of a Neil Young song, which quickly gave way to "Maggie May" by Rod Stewart. I thought of calling Rae to tell her I was heading over, but it's only a ten minute drive, and I relished the silence after a hectic day.

When I came up the stairs to Rae's apartment, I found the door just barely not closed, an invitation she often left me to avoid the hassle of the security door they had at her complex. I walked in, finding her stretched across her bed in nothing but an old David Bowie t-shirt and a black thong, seemingly having fallen asleep while watching Se7en, which was still playing on the TV at the foot of her bed. 

"Rae." No movement. I walked to the edge of the bed and gently slid in next to her, her breathing telling me that she was still asleep. She was on her side and I came behind her, almost spooning her, and ran my fingertips all the way up her smooth leg, coming to rest on her hip. I let them move slowly down across her stomach and over the front of her thong, the silk material allowing easier movement. I felt her stir, just barely, before pressing my hand hard between her thighs, a moan escaping her lips, her legs tightening around my arm, trapping me there. 

"What are you, a spy or something? How did you get all the way in bed before I woke up?" she asked. 

I laughed quietly. "It doesn't take James Bond to slip past a tired college girl. Are you sure you're up for this party, grandma?" She grinned and slapped me on the arm; my reflexes kicked in and I grabbed her wrist and pressed it to the bed, holding it down above her head, my lips quickly finding hers. Her smile faded and she grabbed my head, pulling me against her. I easily scooped up her 105-pound frame, my hands grabbing all they could of her perfectly formed ass, and I lifted her up and against the wall, a grunt coming out of her mouth as her back banged into it. I kissed down her neck, running my teeth down to her shoulder, biting it gently at first, and then a bit harder. I was hard already. My 7.5-inch, very thick cock was pressed through my jeans and up against the silk of her thong, making us both moan.

"Let me down," she breathed, flashing me a look that said I'd be happy if I did. I lowered my arms, letting her feet touch the ground, which quickly turned into her knees touching the ground. I pulled my shirt off and tossed it on her bed, and she was already attacking my belt buckle, pulling my jeans down so I could kick them off, leaving me in my black boxer-briefs. She quickly got rid of those, pulling them down so my thick cock slapped against her cheek. Her eyes met mine as she wrapped her hand around it, making her normally small hands look even smaller, and wrapped her plump lips around the head, swirling her tongue up and under. I could barely feel the warm metal of her lips rings against the side of my shaft, giving it a little extra tease as she took more and more of me in her mouth. There have been a couple of times in the last four times that Rae has liked it slow, gentle, easy, but they are far and few between. I knew as soon as I laced my fingers into her hair and starting pushing against her face that if she wasn't wet already, she would be now. She took her eyes off of my face and focused as I began pushing deeper and deeper into her throat, a little bit of spit running down her chin, my cock already dripping from her wet mouth, and she moaned around my cock with every thrust as her hand found my balls and began to slowly rub and knead them. I normally don't have a problem holding back while getting head, but this girl was unbelievable, and after a few minutes I had to push her back. I picked her up again and tossed her on the bed. She laid back and tore the Bowie t-shirt off, throwing it at me, leaning back on her elbows with her legs spread. "Are you up for this party, grandpa?" she said with a wide grin.

I put her feet on my shoulders, ripping the thong off, and got on my knees on the floor by the side of the bed, pulling her over to me and putting her legs back around my neck. She must have just showered and shaved before I came over, because I could smell the melon body wash she uses, and she was smooth beyond the definition of the word. I could tell by looking that she was soaking wet already, and I wasted no time burying my face between her thighs, my mouth pressed hard against her pink little pussy, my tongue stiffened, sliding in and curling up and around inside of her. "Fuck..." she breathed, her chest rising and falling a bit quicker now. She returned the favor from earlier by grabbing the back of my head and holding it against her while I licked and sucked on her pretty pussy, running my teeth gently over her clit while pumping two strong fingers in and out, curling them inside her, making her buck against me as she moaned louder. I reached under her and grabbed her tight little ass, holding her against my face as she lost control and grabbed the sheets, clenching them hard. Her panting was something I learned to read, and I ran my tongue lower, licking from the bottom of her ass back up, then stiffening my tongue and pressing it inside her again, finally making her cum hard, her knees clamped shut around my ears, deafening me so that I actually felt and heard her cum by vibration through my ears. 

"Please, Nick, fuck me now.." she begged. It was my turn to grin as I got up and pushed her back on the bed.

I once again took her legs and rested them on my shoulders, rubbing the tip of my ever thickening cock up and down, getting it slippery in her juices, before slowly, teasingly, sliding it inside of her inch, by inch, by inch until it was buried completely, wrapped in the hot liquid velvet of her tight, college girl pussy. We wrapped our arms around each other, her nails digging into my back as I started pumping in and out faster, harder until the slapping sounds and moans filled the spring night air. She came once then, and I rolled us over so she was on top. I lowered my hands to her ass and bent my legs to help with leverage as she started to ride me. She picked up speed and was slamming herself onto me, causing my cock to bottom out inside of her and causing her to stream obscenities mixed with even louder moans. I gritted my teeth together, keeping my legs stiff, my arms flexed from guiding her bouncing ass up and down, faster and faster. We had fucked that morning before leaving for class, but there was something about the sex right now that had me ready to explode. I told her I was going to cum, and lowered her lips to my ear, her teeth tugging on it, and half-moaned, "I want you to absolutely fill me up." I didn't waste any time, pumping into her harder as I felt her pussy clench around me, telling me she, too, was cumming. I lost control, my cock pulsing, shooting rope after rope of cum inside of her, her nails digging into my back even harder, not breathing until both of us were completely spent. Finally, she rolled off of me, and we lay next to each other, sweaty, breathing hard, staring at the ceiling and nothing at all, that zen-like state washing over us in waves for the next couple of minutes. After awhile, we both climbed into the shower, washing each other, kissing slowly, taking our time under the hot water, our skin turning pink. We toweled off and got dressed; her in jeans and a black tank, me in jeans and a button down. 

"Well, I feel rested enough now, gramps, how about this party?" I laughed and opened the door for her, walking down to my car, and driving toward a party that would change the both of us in major ways...

TO BE CONTINUED