 She looked so smart in her starched white uniform that it surprised me when she said, "I'm going to shave your pubic area."

"But, I......"

"Don't argue, or would you prefer that I get some big burly male orderly to do it?"

"No, but....."

"Good, then it's settled."  There was a twinkle in her eye when she said, "Besides, I think you might enjoy it.  In the meantime, strip and roll over. I need to take your temperature."

I can't tell you how erotic her lubricated finger felt probing my anus.  It was even more erotic when she inserted the thermometer deep into my asshole.  "You stay a just like that while I go get the shaving gear."

My ass was high in the air when I turned my head sideways to watch her leave the room.  She was a striking woman, perfectly formed breasts, blond hair peaking out from under the white cap, blue eyes and beautiful long legs accentuated and made even more beautiful by the short skirt.

In just a moment she returned with a basin of warm water, an aerosol can of shaving cream and a disposable razor.  "Now, let me take care of that."  I felt the thermometer slowly being removed.  It was quickly followed by her finger massaging the affected area.  I thought that it may have been an accident when her hand casually brushed against my balls. 

"OKAY, roll over and let me take care of the front part."  When she saw that my cock was semi hard she said, "Well, look at that, you are already beginning to enjoy this."

The luxurious feeling of the shaving cream being spread over my private area by her soft hands soon took care of the semi part of my erection. It was now standing up proudly, well above the mass of shaving cream that hid everything else.  She was gently moving it from side to side with one hand while deftly shaving me with the other.

Then came a part I really liked, the warm water washing away the remnants of the shaving cream.  When she finished and was drying me off she said, "Oh, isn't that nice!  It looks good enough to eat.  May I?"

"You're the nurse."

With that, she simply leaned over the bed and swallowed my rigid cock with her soft mouth.  I could see her ruby lips sliding up and down the shaft and feel her tongue swirling around the knob and probing the slit.  The feeling was heavenly.

Her legs were within easy reach of my left hand so I began caressing her thigh.  She didn't seem to mind and in fact, she moved a little closer and opened her legs to give me access to her crotch.  I wasn't at all surprised to find that she was not wearing any panties and was clean shaven too.  I could feel the moisture beginning to ooze out of the lips of her pussy.  I inserted my finger and could feel her clitoris, a soft little knot of pleasure.

She stood up, took off her blouse and bra, dropped her skirt and climbed up on the bed.  She carefully positioned her beautiful pussy directly above my waiting cock.  She slowly lowered herself until all eight inches were deep inside of her.  She leaned forward and kissed me so that I could taste my own pre-cum on her lips. I tried to lay still and enjoy the erotic feeling of my dick sliding up and down in her but I just couldn't.  I began bucking up to meet her downward thrusts and soon I was fucking her just as hard as she was fucking me.  Wilder and wilder it got until I was right on the verge of cumming.

Instinctively, she knew when the crucial moment was approaching and quickly swapped ends, pushing her pussy firmly onto my mouth and again swallowing my cock.  Her mouth and tongue were sucking the seamen from deep in my loins.  I could feel spurt after spurt of my cum shooting into her mouth.  

I was so lost in my own ecstasy that I almost forgot what I should be doing to her. I attacked her pussy with renewed vigor, sticking my tongue as far in her as I could.  She was pushing so hard against my mouth that it was hard to breathe.  Eventually, I was able to find her little knot of pleasure.  It was only moments after I began to suck on it that she began to shutter and moan.  I could feel her juice running down the side of my face but as sweet as it was I just couldn't get to it all.  When she finally came, her orgasm matched mine in intensity and she collapsed by my side.

Later that evening, as we lay side by side in bed she said, "Tomorrow, you can be the doctor and I'll be the patient."

Copyright (c) 11-11-2000 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.