 This was a new apartment complex and right in the center was a beautiful swimming pool and a large, circular Jacuzzi. About forty or fifty of us had moved in over the past couple weeks, and we had ended up posting a "GET TO KNOW YOU PARTY" on the mailbox bulletin board. So here we were, on a Saturday evening, most of us in shorts or swimsuits, enjoying some great music, and some very cold beers. It was a great way to finish a week.

There were several of us who had been hanging out all afternoon, and I had noticed an interesting ratio of about three women to each man in this complex, which I thought was pretty neat. I had learned at m last residence, not to date anyone living in the same building, as it makes life difficult if the relationship doesn't end well. I was seriously considering that maybe I should re-think that rule. This place had some of the best-looking ladies I had ever seen. And every one that I had met so far, was single and foxy. They could double my rent, and I would pay it; the "scenery" here was outstanding.

Everyone was chatting, and dancing, and enjoying the beers, getting to know each other. It was a great party- one of those casual gatherings that just works out. After a while, the crowd thinned, as most were heading out to some after-game celebrations, or home to bed. Someone suggested that we hit the Jacuzzi, and several of us headed that direction. They fired up the spa, but couldn't find the pool lights. They flipped on the switch, but apparently, the builder hadn't bothered to put in the light, and no one had used the spa until now. At least the jets were working, and the heater, too. 

Someone joked about "since there's no light, we ought to go skinny-dipping", and since we'd had several beers, we all thought that was a brilliant idea. As I untied my shorts, and dropped them to the ground, the two gals nearest me let out a long whistle, and one said, "I'm sitting next to him." We laughed and all climbed into the spa.

The heat felt great, and the jets were strong, which not only massaged my back, but made for quite a roar, and lots of bubbles. We tried to talk, but the noise of the spa precluded that, so after a few minutes, most of us just sat back and enjoyed the jets, and the buzz from the beer.

Although it was after dark, there was still lots of light around the complex, so I could see everyone pretty clearly. I looked around, and counted eight of us in the circle of the spa. There were three of us guys, and five gals. I noticed that the gals weren't shy about flashing us their tits; they were giggling and laughing, and occasionally splashing each other, which gave them an excuse to stick out their nipples, and wiggle their breasts at us. They were all fine, and I was once again thinking that maybe I should make a move on one of them, or two of them. 

Suddenly, I felt a hand grab my cock. I looked up, startled, at the gal on my right, but couldn't tell if it was her. I looked to my left, and couldn't tell if it was her hand either. The spa was very full, roaring, and bubbling- a black pool. I could make out faces, and some shoulders, but that was it. One of these two next to me had a firm hold on my cock, and now she was gently pulling on it. That felt pretty good, and I could feel my prick start to thicken and rise. She was running her fingertips lightly up and down the now-hard shaft, pausing at the tip to swirl around my crown, and then running down the sides again. She would stop completely, and her hand was gone, then it would return, grasp me, and stroke me, starting all over again. My cock was throbbing and bouncing in the bubbles, begging for release.

I looked quickly to my right again, and caught her looking. She smiled and squeezed my cock. Then, as though I wasn't even there, she turned and leaned toward the gal on her right, and the two of them were chatting up about something. So, above the surface, it appeared I was just sitting minding my own business, while underwater, her hand was working on my hard cock. She would wrap her fingers around me, pull her hand up the length of my pole, then push down again to the base. She didn't stop, and I was now as hard as granite. She kept it up, and I was beginning to feel my balls growing, too. My cum was building in them, and I knew I was going to have a massive orgasm very soon. 

She kept stroking, and now I was pushing my cock up in her hand as it came down on me; she picked up the pace, never even glancing my direction. My cock felt huge, and I didn't think I would last much longer. She reached down, cupped by balls, squeezed them tightly, and then grabbed my hard dick and stroked as fast as she could. I immediately started to cum, spewing my jism out into the spa. She kept pumping my cock, and I kept spurting cum with each stroke. Oh man, it was intense. I could hardly breathe, it felt so good. She just kept pulling the crown of my cock, and stroking down firmly, and my balls were shooting out everything they held. She absolutely drained me, milking every drop of cum out of me. When I was completely done, she again cupped my balls, and just gently held them in the palm of her hand. After a few minutes, I was beginning to breathe again. She leaned over to me finally, and gave me a huge smile. "Nice to meet you." she said.