 Charmaine spent the next week wrestling with her guilt, as well as her arousal. Things still weren't going well with Danny, so she wasn't getting fucked, and she yearned for Dean's cock. She couldn't stop thinking about how he felt inside her. And all week long Nick was asking her out, or offering her rides home, or trying to kiss her. She was able to turn him down all week, though she yearned for his dick as well.

Nick was going crazy, staring at Charmaine's ass every day, on some occasions her cleavage. He was jerking off exclusively about her, 3 times a day! He wanted to see her pussy so bad, to be inside it, to have her legs wrapped around him.

He saw another opportunity 9 days later when he watched her get off the phone with Danny, upset. He offered her a ride home and this time, she accepted. She was wearing loose jeans, a white T-shirt, no socks, and black sandals. 

He pulled into her driveway and there was an awkward silence. Charmaine has been very horny these past few weeks, and this was no exception, and she was pissed off at her boyfriend. She knew how bad Nick wanted her, he always had this big bulge in his jeans when she was around him. She thought she might suck him off again. 

He leaned forward and they kissed, softly at first, but then with more urgency. Their lips were smacking, and their tongues explored each other's mouth. Nick immediately placed his hand on her upper thigh as they made out, sliding it towards her horny crotch. 

As soon as she felt him touch her crotch she sighed into his mouth, and her own hand fell on his lap, caressing the huge bulge that had formed there. He felt his zipper slide down as he sent his tongue into her mouth. She undid his button and she began to rub him over his underwear as he stroked her over her jeans, still kissing. Charmaine's panties were soaking wet by now, and she reached into his underwear and pulled out his manhood. Her small hand stroked his 7 inch member as they kissed passionately in his car. He kissed her more urgently, penis growing to full hardness in her expert hand. Charmaine broke the kiss, and slowly bent her head towards his lap. Holding his dick in the air, her tongue licked at his mushroom head lightly, causing Nick to squirm. She opened her mouth and slipped his cock inside. He moaned as he felt her warm mouth engulf his pole. She began to slide his organ in and out of her mouth, giving spirited head. 

He loved watching the back of her head bob up and down on his lap. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' her blowjob was noisy. For the third time in her life, she sucked hard on Nick's cock. He put his hand on her head, helping her suck him off. She pulled his penis out of her mouth with a slurp. 

"Do you want to come up to my apartment?" she asked, " I don't want my roommate pulling in the driveway to find me giving you a blowjob!" He agreed, putting his dick in his pants. 

She led the way upstairs, pussy buzzing, him staring at her ass the entire way. She took off her sandals and they went into her bedroom. They immediately began to make out, arms around each other, lips smacking. 

Still kissing, he laid her on her bed, lying beside her as his hand explored her hot body over her clothes. Her soft breasts, her sexy ass, his hand moved between her thighs, stroking her crotch. Charmaine moaned into his mouth, cunt tingling violently, needing something inside it. His raging hard on was straining against his pants as her hand went to his lap. 

Still kissing her, his hand slid up her shirt over her belly. She breathed into his mouth as she felt his hand slide under her bra and onto her bare tit. Nick squeezed her soft breast gently, feeling her hard nipple. She was subtly humping the air as her fingers expertly undid his button and zipper. He slid his hand back down her soft body as she reached into his underwear and gripped his rampant hard on, pulling it out. He undid her button and she felt her zipper slowly slide down as her small hand stroked his large penis. 

They were both breathing heavily as they kissed loudly. Nick slid his hand into Charmaine's panties for the second time in his life. Over her lush of pubic hari until he felt the hot wetness of her needy treasure. "Mmmmmph" she moaned as she felt him touch her. Her small hand eagerly rubbed his hard pole as he ran a finger along her moist slit. He dipped a finger into her warmth, sliding it far inside her hungry vagina. 

"Ohhhhhh!" she moaned, breaking the kiss. She kissed him again eagerly, squeezing hard on his cock as Nick fingered her gash. He slid his hand out of her panties, and slowly pushed up her shirt. His heart was pounding as he pushed her shirt above her blue bra - he has never taken any clothes off of her before! 

She released his dick and raised her arms, allowing him to take off her shirt. Breathing heavily, they kissed again, her hand going to his boner, his hand squeezing her tit over her bra. He slid his hand under her bra, feeling her soft breast and hard nipple as she expertly stroked his member. He slid his hand down her belly and over her panties. She moaned into his mouth again as Nick caressed her pussy over her panties. He coud not believe how wet she was! 

She broke the kiss, once again thinking the only way to avoid sex was to give him a blowjob. She kissed down his chest over his shirt as her hands pulled down his pants and underwear. Nick was sitting on the side of the bed as he pulled his feet out of his clothes. Charmaine knelt before him, between his legs, his 7 inch penis standing at attention. She looked up at him with her brown eyes, smiling as her small hand gripped his thick pole, slowly stroking it. 

She leaned forward and kissed his bag erotically, He ran his hands through her hair as she sucked a testicle in her mouth. She held his cock straight up in the air as she slowly kissed up his shaft. Charmaine slowly licked around his engorged head, tongue teasing the little hole. She opened her mouth and slowly slid his large dick inside. Her lips were wrapped tightly around his penis, 5 inches of it inside her mouth. She began to slowly bob her head expertly up and down, sucking hard. 

Nick loved watching Charmaine's lips glide up and down his organ, and listening to the slurping noises. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' went her mouth as she eagerly gave him head. 

From behind, one could see the bottoms of her bare feet, up her jeans, her gorgeous ass, her bare back covered only by blue bra straps, the back of her head bobbing up and down between his legs, slurping loudly. 

Nick took off his shirt, and lifted her head off his cock, not wanting to cum yet. Wanting to at least try to fuck her. He watched his mushroom head slip out of her mouth with a slurp and looked into her dark eyes as she straddled his naked body. They kissed passionately, loudly, as he lay her on the bed beside him. His tongue went far into Charmaine's mouth as his hand slid into her navy blue panties. Her thick fur ran through his fingers as they approached the center of her arousal. Hot moisture touched his hand and Nick knew he found her needy slit. He stroked her wet lips, causing her to moan into his mouth. He dipped a finger into her warm pussy, sliding it all the way inside. 

"Mmmmmph…" she sighed, kissing him eagerly. Her small hand caressed down his chest and latched onto his big member, stroking it as he slid his finger in and out of her vagina. They kissed deeply as he pulled his finger out of her tunnel and tickled her clitoris. She broke the kiss briefly and moaned, subtly humping her crotch upwards, wishing for his big cock inside it. He slid his hand out of Charmaine's panties, deciding to try and take off her pants. Nick grabbed them and began to pull downward, hoping. He almost came into the air when she lifted up her ass and allowed him to pull her jeans down her smooth, sexy legs. She pulled first one bare foot out of them, then the other before they resumed making out. She was wearing nothing but skimpy blue panties and a blue bra as they exchanged tongues. 

Nick slid his hand down the far side of her soft body, down her smooth leg to her knee. He slid it back up her leg, into the back of her tiny panties, feeling her smooth, bare ass as they made out passionately. He slid his hand around her leg, between her thighs, where he rubbed her crotch over her thin, wet panties. Charmaine reacted strongly, moaning and writhing beneath his hand, parting her legs further. Nick could clearly feel his dream girl's swollen vaginal lips through the soaking wet fabric. 


Her bra straps had fallen off her shoulders and he broke the kiss, kissing down her neck. She was humping her crotch against his hand as he kissed down her chest, and down the swell of her breast to her bra. He pulled his hand out from between her thighs and caressed up her belly to her tit. Nick slowly pushed one side of her bra down off her breast, freeing her nipple. He licked at the hard nub, sucking it into his mouth as she sighed above him. He licked around her nipple as his hands moved between her tits and daringly unsnapped her bra. 

Her chest was heaving as she watched him pull her bra apart, freeing her gorgeous breasts. She raised her body, allowing him to take her bra right off. He dropped her bra on the floor and kissed her lips. He kissed her again, sucking her top lip into his mouth as he squeezed her tits erotically. They kissed loudly, breathing heavily into each others mouths as they exchanged tongues. Nick slid his hand down her soft belly as he kissed down her neck. He licked down the swell of Charmaine's naked breast as his hand slid over her moist panties between her thighs. 

"Ohhhh" she moaned as she felt him rub her horny cunt over her panties. He placed his right leg between hers as he sucked a hard nipple into his mouth noisily. He grabbed one side of her panties and pulled downward, pulling the thin strap down off the side of her ass. She grabbed her panties, stopping him. The upper corner of her hairy pussy was exposed to him. 

"We can't have sex, Nick." She said. He let go of her panties and kissed down her belly, licking at her belly button ring. He kissed down to the top of her panties, the scent of Charmaine's needy pussy was strong. He kissed over the wet material as she slid her feet up the bed on either side of him. He kissed each of her tanned inner thighs before kissing her pussy over her panties. 

"Ohhh God." She moaned, subtly writhing her hips into his face. He slid his hands into her panties and grabbed onto her bare ass, holding her crotch up to his mouth. He sucked her swollen cunt lips into his mouth through the skimpy material. She was breathing heavily, chest heaving, heart pounding, pussy tingling uncontrollably. She needed something in her – badly. 

Hand shaking with excitement, Nick placed a finger at the side of Charmaine's tiny panties. He slowly pushed them to one side, exposing a lush of pubic hair framing swollen, pink, pouting lips. He almost came all over her bed as he stared at her quivering pussy lips for the first time. He leaned forward and kissed them gently. 

"Ohhhh" Charmaine moaned, shaking. His tongue snaked out and slowly licked from the bottom of her hungry slit to the top, nudging her clit. 

"Ohhh God!" she whispered, cunt on fire. She spread her smooth legs wider for him, needing more. Nick slid his tongue inside her pussy, tasting her womanhood. Her heart fluttered, and she subtly writhed her crotch against his face. Nick sucked Charmaine's swollen, pink pussy lips into his mouth, pulling them outward, stretching the sensitive skin before letting it slide out of his mouth with a slurp. 

"Ohhhh fuck! That feels good!" she moaned. He gripped the tiny waistband of her panties and pulled down again. This time, she raised her sexy ass off the bed and allowed him to slide the skimpy things down her tanned legs. She pulled her feet out of her panties one by one, before Nick dropped them on the floor. 

He now had Charmaine naked before him, with her legs spread. His dream come true! He buried his face in her beautiful pussy, his hands sliding under her soft ass. He licked at her defenseless cunt while squeezing her ass cheeks, driving her wild with desire. She was writhing naked on her bed as a new man, her co-worker, lapped at her horny treasure mercilessly. 

"Ohhhhh God!" she sighed, on the brink of orgasm. She reached down and held his head between her legs. Nick loved the feel of her naked thighs on either side of his face as he ate her delicious pussy. As Charmaine rubbed her furry mound in his face, she reached up and pulled open the drawer of her nightstand. She reached inside, pulled out a condom, and threw it on her stomach, where it lay right beside her belly button ring. 

Finally, she was his! 

Charmaine was breathing heavily as she watched Nick kiss over her pubic hair and up her belly. She watched him kiss the underside of her naked breast and lick at her hard nipple, sucking it into his mouth briefly. She watched his hard penis wave back and forth between her legs. He was gonna put that dick inside her! 

He kissed up her neck until she met his mouth with hers. They kissed loudly, passionately as they exchanged tongues. She could taste her own pussy on Nick's tongue as they made out. He was grinding his bare penis against her naked vagina as his tongue explored her mouth. He raised himself up, his organ resting in the fur of her pussy. Her chest was heaving as she watched him reach down and take the condom off her belly. Nick offered her the condom. 

Heart pounding, she took it in her small hands and opened the package. She took out the condom, tossing the package on the floor. He watched as Charmaine took his penis in her small hand, raising it in the air. She put the condom over his mushroom head and slid it down his shaft, carefully. She was breathing heavily as she had the condom over the base of his hard rod. 

Her small hand eased his cock slowly down the lips of her needy pussy to the entrance, pressing it against her. Nick pushed forward, watching his penis enter the pink lips of Charmaine's vagina slowly. 

"Ohhhhhhhh yesss…" she sighed, his warm dick halfway inside her. He pulled outward to the head before shoving his meat into her all the way. "Ohhhhhhhhhh!" she moaned, feet sliding up his legs. Her lips found his and they kissed deeply as he held himself inside her, his naked white body on top of her tanned one. Their lips smacked loudly as he began to slowly slide his manhood in and out of her welcoming hole.

Charmaine breathed heavily into his mouth as he slowly made love to her. 7 inches of Nick's cock was sinking into her twat repeatedly, and she was losing it. He broke the kiss so he could watch her expression as he screwed her. He increased the pace, causing her to moan softly, her eyes were closed, her eyebrows raised. Her tits were bouncing up and down, and her legs were spread wide around him, needing more of his dick. 

He began to fuck Charmaine as hard as he could, causing her bed to squeek and bang against the wall. She didn't notice. She was too busy receiving his big cock in her horny pussy. 

"Ohhh! Ohhh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Ohhhh! Ohhhhh! Unh!" her cries could be heard throughout the apartment. 'bang bang bang bang bang bang' 'squeek squeek squeek squeek' went her bed over and over against the wall. Her feet were flailing behind him, her orgasm was rising. She came, straightening her sexy legs out behind him. 

"Oh my God!" she cried. Nick wouldn't stop fucking her. His long penis still pounded away at Charmaine's hungry vagina as she came. 

Just then, her roommates Carrie and Greg entered the apartment. They could hear rhythmic banging and moaning as Charmaine got laid by her co-worker. They assumed it was her boyfriend, Danny doing the deed. 

Nick was losing it. He held her naked body close to his as he pounded into her. She locked her feet behind his thrusting ass. He slid inside her vagina. He ejaculated hard into his condom, moaning. 

"Ohhhh God!" she sighed, pussy buzzing. Nick slid out of her with an audible slurp, and slid the full condom off his softening cock. Charmaine lay before him, feet flat on the bed, sexy legs spread, pussy lips swollen, framed by a triangle of pubic hair. She smiled at him, though inside she never felt guiltier.