 Forward

This is a work of fiction. Characters and events come strictly from the imagination. 

This is the second in Nickels & Dimes, a series about two truckers, owner operators (O O's), who, while finding trucking to be enjoyable, do not find it to be sufficiently lucrative to provide for all their needs. Specifically, they need money for eventual retirement.

Their solution is to take money from people who have plenty and won't miss a little. Many of those from whom they steal are people involved in occupations that are on the wrong side of the law themselves. In this installment you'll find an au pair who provides unanticipated assistance.

In each of these stories you will find sex, drama, and conflict, even, perhaps, a bit of humor. If you like the stories, please let me know. If you dislike them, I'd like to know that as well. How else can we improve on what we provide our readers if they don't let us know what they like and dislike?

Thank you so much for reading this story. I hope you enjoy it.

Kindly leave a comment at the conclusion of the story.

*****

Table of Contents

Chapter 1: 100 Gallons

Chapter 2: The Au Pair

Chapter 3: The Check

Chapter 4: Arturo

Chapter 5: The Hit

Chapter 6: A Cozy Sleeper Cab

Chapter 7: Rick's Turn

Chapter 8: Borrowed Apartment

Chapter 10: Not Sorry Enough

*****

Chapter 1: 100 Gallons

The news was ending. "Dow up 10, S&P up 3, and the Nasdaq up 5." As the newscaster was saying "That'll do it for today," Rick switched the radio off. He'd had enough of the news, bad, good, and otherwise. He swung the big rig into the truck stop and headed for the pumps. With the hissing of his air brakes, he came to a stop alongside a pump and prepared to alight. He didn't need a lot of fuel, but state law required him to purchase at least fifty gallons within the state. 

He'd do that, park the rig, and get a bite to eat. He'd probably even rest for an hour or so which would help him fulfill federal requirements on overall time spent behind the wheel. All in all it had been a good day and he was running well ahead of schedule. He'd drop his load by the end of the day and park the tractor for a while. He had other business to tend to before he picked up another load.

The Freightliner took just shy of 100 gallons. 

Chapter 2: The Au Pair

"It's time," he said. He had opened her door, as he always did, without knocking. Locking it was useless. The door had a lock, but he had the only key. She awaited the inevitable as the cloyingly sweet odor of his Old Spice filled her room.

The room, or rather suite, was large. Off her bedroom lay a large bathroom with a Jacuzzi and even a bidet. On the far side of the bedroom an archway led to a comfortably furnished sitting room. Even the bath had its own television. She had come as an au pair hoping to finish her college education at one of the wonderful colleges she heard about in the United States. This au pair situation sounded like a great place to get to know the States better before applying. Certainly looking around her accommodations, she would never have thought she would be unhappy here.

All the rooms were decorated in muted earth tones. The deep pile carpeting was a pale gold with rust accents. Chairs and sofas were leather, in a deep brown or a pleasant moss green. A secretary provided a place for writing, and also held the personal computer the Braunhoffers had given her. On a coffee table sat pictures of home.

A small kitchenette had been snugly fitted into an alcove off the sitting room. It was a perfect setup for an au pair.

Ilysa had been cossetted as well as any au pair she had even known about. Her work was not hard. She had only to take care of this wealthy couple keeping their home neat and reasonably clean. Weekly maids came in to do a thorough cleaning. A cook prepared the meals which Ilysa helped serve and clean up after. She and the cook ate in the kitchen except on occasions when she was invited to join Mr. and Mrs. Braunhoffer.

The suite had entrances directly into the bedroom and into the sitting room. Mr. Braunhoffer always entered through her bedroom door. As he opened the door light from the hallway fell across her as she lay waiting for his visit.

It had started soon after she had become their au pair. He had made it clear that were she to refuse him or tell anyone, she would have to return to Sweden where her opportunities would be severely reduced. As he spoke that time, that first time, he had slowly touched her breasts through her shirt. As she came to realize what it was she was expected to do and what the consequences of not submitting would be, she allowed him to touch her and finally to remove her clothing. 

He was an uninspiring lover interested in only his own pleasure, but she did her best to make him feel as he was the best lover she'd ever had.

This day Ilysa had been lying on the bed, resting for a few minutes 'before'. She didn't want to think about it so her mind cut off at the idea of 'before'. Before he came for her. Before he used her. Before he would grunt and force his short penis inside her.

He often came about now. Mrs. Braunhoffer played bridge twice a week at the club. The bridge club started with lunch and played all afternoon. The club was a half hour's drive away. He would have all afternoon to do things his wife would never know about. Ilysa was one of those things.

To say he looked at her hungrily may be a cliché, but it seemed a truism when describing his look. There was always a wolfishness that she equated with the way a wolf in the wild might look at her before he tore her to pieces shredding her clothing as he sought the flesh beneath. Indeed, she knew Mr. Braunhoffer was about to devour her.

Her clothing would not be shredded, but he would be seeking the flesh beneath. 

Mr. Braunhoffer crossed the room and seated himself in an upholstered chair. When he was seated comfortably, he nodded toward her. She had risen from the bed and stood waiting in the center of the bedroom. On his nod she began. 

She tried to think of different ways to intrigue him each time, but it was difficult. Today she had put on a loose skirt which danced about her hips as she moved. Brightly printed with large flowers, it contrasted well with the muted colors and patterns of her rooms. 

She began a slow turn which forced the skirt to rise above her knees. It showed her soft, shapely legs and accented the curve of her backside. Then it fell into place once more before she reversed. It gathered tightly around her legs before she spun in the opposite direction. She did this several times moving closer to him with each swishing of the skirt. Each turn brought the skirt tantalizing higher on her legs. 

She stopped, facing him. She smiled. He should believe she wanted him.

He was beginning to breathe more rapidly. She launched herself into a violent whirling which brought the skirt up to her waist. She heard the music in her head. He saw only her luscious flesh. The look on his face became feral. 

Her underwear, now revealed, clung to her hips. He watched intently.

Again she stopped letting the skirt fall back into place. She ran her hands up the outside of her skirt. Their upward sweep culminated in her raising her breasts as she leaned deeply toward him. She brought her hands downward pulling the blouse tight outlining her bra allowing his eyes to plunge into the shadows of the crevice between her breasts.

She locked with his eyes and bent her knees. He followed her hands as they traveled under her skirt and watched as she took hold of her panties and slowly lowered them. At her knees, they came into view. She carefully lifted one bare foot pulling it through the panty leg. When she had repeated this with the other leg, she knelt in front of him offering her panties as a supplicant might. He took them and pressed them to his face.

She stood slowly and, stepping back into the room, began to twirl. The turns were agonizingly slow. The skirt crept up her thighs. She began to twirl more quickly, back and forth with the skirt rising only partially up her thighs. Faster now, then faster until the skirt was once again around her waist. She kept the spin going giving him only fleeting glimpses of her soft pussy and firm bottom.

Before getting dizzy she stopped. He was breathing much more rapidly now. Needing time to recover, she concentrated his gaze on her breasts as she molded them. With practiced hands she maneuvered her bra out from under the blouse. She tossed it to the corner. Her thin blouse allowed through the faint pink glow of each nipple. His mouth was open now.

She backed away again. She gave him a coy look before unfastening her skirt and letting it pool at her feet. Her blouse hung just below her bottom covering virtually everything he was aching to see. She continued to tantalize him by opening the top button on her blouse. She spun once, quickly. Then opened the bottom button. Again the turn. When the final button was released she spun one last time allowing him to see her nakedness as it spun before him. One last time around and the blouse, too, fell away. 

He was obviously ready to take her, but he waited for her invitation. They both knew he would take her one way or another. She preferred to have at least some control.

Fully nude she knelt in front of him. She kissed each of his hands then slowly untied his shoes and removed them. She pulled his socks off leaving him barefoot. Gently she took one of his hands placing it on her waist, then pulling it upward until it cupped her breast. She released it letting him explore. Though she would have preferred a younger, more handsome lover, she was committed to letting this one use her. In fact she had no choice but to let him use her any way he wished.

She took his other hand and placed it on her breast. As his fingers enjoyed her soft flesh she unzipped him. He wore no underwear. He was prepared for his afternoon with her.

She found his erection and slowly, carefully brought it out. Lightly she ran her fingers along his shaft. She worked it until his breathing was shallow and rapid. Tempting though it was to finish him now, it would not do for him to gush without being inside her.

She stood taking his hands bidding him to stand as well. She dropped his trousers following them to the floor where she helped him step out of them. 

Pushing herself against him she worked her body slowly around until her breasts were tight against his back. For several minutes she ran her fingers lightly under his shirt until finally she pulled the golf shirt over his head. Now her breasts were against his skin. From here she reached around and worked his erection. When it throbbed as the critical point approached, she suddenly stopped and swirled her body as she had her skirt ending on her back on the bed, legs spread, her arms raised in welcome.

He was upon her. He held her tightly as he reveled in the warmth he found inside her. She felt him as he filled her. In only a few violent thrusts he had come.

Sometimes it ended here, sometimes he wanted more. Today his hand on her side told her not only that he wanted more, but what he wanted. She cringed, but uttered nothing. He took her cringing to be excitement.

She allowed herself to be turned over. As he turned her he slid from her pussy. When he had her on her stomach, she felt him search for the entrance wet with his come. He would go in once to get lubricated, then he would force himself into her other entrance. He did it so often that it no longer hurt much, but it always humiliated her to be used in this way without her permission.

He was in. She raised on her elbows so he could hold her breasts as he used her. He held her too tightly hurting her as he mashed her breasts and pinched her nipples. He pounded on her until at last she felt him come.

He collapsed on her back breathing hard. They lay there for some minutes until he finally rolled off.

She hopped off the bed and went into the bathroom where she cleaned herself and returned with a warm cloth for him. Carefully she cleaned him. She cleaned him thoroughly because every session ended with him in her mouth. One final visit to the bathroom where she cleaned herself again and returned with a fresh cloth to clean and dry him once more.

With his head on her pillow she took him in her mouth. She positioned her pussy on his mouth. He began with his tongue as she did the same. Soon the excitement overcame him and what cum he had left filled her mouth. Once or twice she had been able to fantasize that this was a handsome prince and had had an orgasm herself.

She rinsed her mouth and returned to where he stood near his abandoned clothing. She helped him dress closing his fly just after planting a farewell kiss on its occupant.

With a fond smile for his au pair he left closing the door quietly behind him.

She looked at the closed door for a few seconds then re-entered the bathroom. She wrenched the top from the mouthwash and gargled. She spit and gargled again. Then she ran water until it was ready for a shower. Once in, she soaped and rinsed and soaped and rinsed until the last remains of his cologne had been removed.

She dried herself then lay naked on the bed. A few tears ran across her face onto the bed.

Chapter 3: The Check

He woke after an hour or so. Lying in his bunk he gathered his thoughts reviewing and preparing for the evening to come. The idling engine had provided a soft massage which always put him to sleep. Now, it prompted him to wakefulness. He rolled out, found his shoes and climbed from the cab. Leaving the engine running, he made his way across the tarmac to the coffee shop.

"Just black," he croaked to the pleasant young woman at the counter then cleared his throat. She turned her back to him and poured the steaming coffee into a sturdy paperboard cup. Expertly she fitted a plastic cover on the cup and slid a fluted sleeve around it. Turning back she set the cup in front of him. He proffered a five dollar bill which she took without comment.

She did something to the key pad on the register. It made soft sounds and the drawer opened. She wore a cute uniform which, without being erotic, showed off her young figure. He found himself paying attention to her figure as she attempted to hand him his change. "Uh," she said wrenching his eyes to her hand. She leaned forward as though trying to find his eyes with hers. The move only served to reveal more of her. Embarrassed, he took the money then made eye contact with her. She was grinning at him.

Her smile was close to an invitation. "You have a good evening, big guy." Her warm hands covered his outstretched hand as she placed the change carefully in it and wrapped his fingers around the coins and bills. She pulled a dollar back before releasing him. "Mine," she asked her smile widening. He nodded dumbly. She turned away. "Can I help you," she said to the next in line the dollar disappearing into her apron pocket.

Rick shook his head as though to clear it, gathered his coffee, and stepped back.

The cool air and the walk helped him recover from the encounter. It had been well worth the extra dollar he mused as he climbed back into the cab.

He shifted into gear and eased the rig out of the parking space, across the tarmac, and onto the Interstate. Several hours later and still on time he stopped at the security gate where he was directed to a receiving dock. He maneuvered into position, stopped and opened the trailer's doors, then backed the fifty foot trailer into the receiving dock. Hand signals and a voice thick with the effect of years of smoking told him he was in position.

Gates rattled and a steel plank crashed into position. A lift truck thudded into the trailer and the unloading began. Rick shut down the engine as requested and dozed even as the cab shook with the lift truck's efforts to unload the boxes of electronics crammed tightly in the trailer.

A sharp rap on the cab door roused him and caused him to look out. A friendly face, a wad of papers, a thumbs up, and "You're outta here" sent him on his way. He started his engine and pulled forward far enough to clear the dock. Once he had secured the doors and checked around the rig, he headed for the gate where he was cleared to exit.

Now it was only forty or so miles to where Sandy, his partner had found a spot to park the rig for several days. It was a lot where other O Os parked their rigs while awaiting a load. No one kept track of who was here or for how long.

Sandy met him in a non-nondescript Camry he had purchased a month ago in a neighboring state. They would sell it next month in another state.

Neither spoke as Rick climbed in and Sandy pulled out of the lot. An hour later they stopped at local diner and began their conversation is quiet tones.

"Here," Sandy said pushing a folded newspaper clipping across the table to Rick.

Local Entrepreneur Gives Back

Below the headline was a color photo of a smiling man and his wife. They looked to be in their forties. The man was shaking hands with another man. Both were in tuxedos. An attractive woman wore a floor length gown. The bodice provided proof to those who might have had questions about whether she was well-endowed. The gown had been fitted around her body in a manner which, though it allowed her to walk with confidence, made clear that along with her enchanting bust, the rest of her figure had been well cared for. 

The man with her was also tanned and trim. They radiated good health and personal trainers, the epitome of living a good life.

Under the photo was the caption:

Mr. Gregory Braunhoffer and his wife, Elissa, present a check to Mr. Charles Ziegler 

Rick scanned the article.

A check said to be in the "seven figure range" was presented last night to the committee raising funds to build a new performing arts center. The center will be used to showcase local talent and bring to the community acts from Broadway and around the world.

The article continued for several more paragraphs, but added little to the knowledge base Rick needed to execute their most recent upcoming endeavor.

Sandy filled him in low tones. He described the opportunity to remove cash from the household safe at a time when neither of the Braunhoffers would be home. Jewels, if any, would remain with the victim. They only wanted cash. The heist would be simple and straightforward. Sandy had perfected a method of sending the signals from the household alarm system harmlessly to a terminal of his construction. There was no need to disconnect the homeowner's alarm, and neither would there be a record of the system having been breached. It had worked well in the past, and each new venture added to their learning and hence to improvements.

The overall cash take would be in the thousands of dollars, probably less than a hundred thousand. The man was rich and, for him, this loss would be just nickels and dimes. As they saw it, there was no need to bankrupt a victim. Indeed, this series of heists had only one purpose, and a lofty one it was. Both Rick and Sandy had families who needed to be cared for. Children needed to be fed, clothed, and educated. Wives needed to feel financially secure as well as having their social and sexual needs adequately taken care of. These needs were almost completely covered by their men and their trucking careers.

What was not being covered was their retirement. They had visions of taking their lifestyles to new heights in retirement, but trucking wasn't going to finance that goal. A long evening at a truck stop years ago had resulted in a plan which would provide the necessary financing.

Chapter 4: Arturo

The bridge game broke up. Someone had won, someone had lost, but most importantly, the latest gossip had been passed between them. Ellen Blackwood had even managed to show them where her current lover had bruised her nipple in his frantic excitement. She hadn't, she noted, even felt any pain until much later so powerful were the climaxes he induced. Her husband had been told that she'd had a painful encounter with a door. Whether he believed her was irrelevant. He had accepted the story and seemed to find it's telling quite an aphrodisiac.
