 Steve and Nicki were laying on her couch. They had been watching a movie, but they were just laying there now. Nicki was laying on top of Steve, her head on his chest. He had one hand on her head, softly caressing her long dark hair. His other hand held hers. They were both wearing T-shirts. Steve had on a pair of boxers. Nicki was pantie-less, as she had been for most of his visit.

She turned her head and looked at Steve, her chin resting on his chest. He smiled at her and touched her cheek, brushing her skin with his fingers.

"Have I ever told you that I love your eyes, Nicki?" he asked.

She smiled and said, "Well, not in the last hour or so. You have great eyes, too, Steve. Big, brown and gentle. You know, I was thinking..."

Steve frowned slightly and said, "Uh, oh."

Nicki said, "What's that supposed to mean?"

"Joke," he replied. "Typical male reaction to a woman saying something like 'does this dress make me look fat,' or 'honey, we need to talk.' I can't think of anything you would say right now that would really make me say, 'uh, oh.

She laughed. "I think you'll like this. You haven't taken any pictures of me since you got here."

Steve said, "Yeah, and I need to."

Nicki said, "Remember when you were writing my story and you told me that the pictures in my blog were sexy and sensuous?

"Yes," he said. "They're beautiful pictures. I'd love to take pictures of you like that."

"Remember the message I sent you next? About my story?" she asked, grinning.

Steve looked at her, his eyes growing larger. "Oh, my," he whispered.

Nicki giggled. "So, what kind of pictures do I want you to take of me?"

"You want the dirtiest, nastiest pictures I can take," he said.

She giggled again. "Yeah," she said. "Are you ready to go to bed, baby?"

He smiled at her and said, "I hope you're not sleepy."

"Not yet," Nicki said. "But I bet I'll be worn out by the time you're done with me."

The next morning, they followed the same routine they had the last couple of days. They took a shower together, ate breakfast and watched the morning news. They were laying on the couch again, holding each other. Nicki was the first to bring up the subject of the pictures. 

"So," she said. "I think we should take the pictures in the bedroom after lunch. The sun will light things up in there pretty good. And, that is where the bed is." She laughed and added, And my vibrator is in there, too."

Steve laughed also. "You know," he said. "You must have been one of the first people I added on MySpace. I always liked your eyes. I go through my friends list every now and then a delete people I haven't heard from in awhile. I don't think I ever saw a bulletin from you or got a message from you until you posted the bulletin about your new profile. But, I never deleted you because of your eyes."

Nicki looked at Steve with her big beautiful eyes. "You are so sweet," she said. "I am so glad you never deleted me. I'm so glad that we started talking so much. And I am so glad you are here. And after lunch, I'm going to reward you for loving my eyes. Right now though, I think I want to take an after breakfast nap here with you."

After their nap and lunch, Nicki led Steve to the bedroom. They had left the bed unmade that morning because Nicki had planned to pose on it. She thought an unmade bed would be a good place for the pictures she had in mind. 

Nicki gave Steve a hug and kissed him, her tongue darting into his mouth. "Ready, baby?" she asked.

He replied, "This is going to be fun, Nicki."

She smiled and crawled onto the bed as Steve got his camera out of his bag. Nicki posed on her hands and knees in the middle of the bed and then lay on her back. She pulled her T-shirt over her waist, exposing her shaved pussy. She spread her legs, placing her feet flat on the bed. Her pink lips were barely visible in her slit. Her pussy looked like an exotic flower blossom about to open. As Steve took pictures, Nicki reached down and and began to rub her pussy.

As she played with herself, her lips became more visible, pink and moist. Using two fingers, Nicki spread herself, exposing her little clit. With her other hand, she pushed her T-shirt over one breast and began to fondle it, rubbing and then pulling at her little nipple. After a few minutes, she sat up and pulled the shirt over her head. She held her firm round breasts in her hands, squeezing them and pinching her nipples. 

She smiled at Steve and said, "My vibrator is in my panties drawer. Will you get it for me?"

Steve grinned back at her. "Always glad to lend a hand, baby." 

He turned around, opened the drawer he had seen her get panties from and found her vibrator on top of a stack of panties, along with a jelly dildo. The vibrator was chromed, about six inches long and about the same circumference as his cock. He turned back around and reached over to hand it to Nicki.

"That's a pretty big dildo you've got there," he said.

Nicki giggled. The dildo was pink and about ten inches long and almost twice as big around as the vibrator.

"It's actually too big," she said. "I can only get about half of it in me. The rest of it is just to hold onto. We'll use it later."

She turned on the vibrator and rubbed it on her breasts. The soft hum seemed to fill the room.

Nicki smiled at Steve. "You can barely hear it when it's in me."

She rubbed one of her nipples with it and sighed. "God, I like that," she whispered.

Laying back, she caressed herself with the vibrator, moving it slowly down her body. She spread her legs wide. Her lips were bright pink and wet. They parted slightly as she spread her legs. Nicki slowly moved the vibrator around her pussy. She rubbed its length along her lips, pushing it between them. The chrome gleamed with her wetness.

With two fingers of her left hand, she spread her lips open. She put the tip of the vibratoragainst her little wet hole and slowly pushed it in. Nicki closed her eyes as she slowly fucked herself. She twisted and turned the vibrator as she slid it in and out of her pussy. 

Steve took several close ups of the vibrator in Nicki's pussy and then he took some from the foot of the bed, getting her whole body in the frame. Next, her moved to the side of the bed and took pictures of her face as she moaned in pleasure.

Nicki was fucking herself faster now. She lifted her ass off the bed. Steve took some pictures of her from the side and then moved to the foot of the bed again. He took several pictures as Nicki started to come. She cried out and collapsed on the bed, the vibrator buried in her wet pussy. 

She pulled the vibrator out of her pussy and turned it off. She motioned for Steve to come around to her side. Smiling at him, she licked the vibrator as he took pictures. Then, she took it into her mouth, sucking on it, pushing it in and out. 

Taking the vibrator out of her mouth, she said, "I'm ready for my close up now, baby."

Steve smiled at her. "Me too, baby."

He got on her bed and moved between her spread legs. He took a few pictures of her pussy. The flesh around her lips was bright pink. Her lips were red and wet. Nicki reached down with both hands and spread herself. She then took her lips between her fingers and pulled them apart.

"Oh, my, Nicki," Steve said. "Your pussy is so pretty, baby."

She giggled and and pressed her fingers against her flesh, holding her pussy lips open like a butterfly's wings.

"I think it will be prettier with your come dripping out of me, baby," she said. "Are you hard, Steve? Are you hard for me?"

"Nicki," he said, "I've been hard for you since we started.

"I want some pictures of your cock in me, baby," Nicki said. "I want to be on my knees for you with your cock in me and my pussy lips clinging to you, your cock wet from my juices."

"Mmmm, baby," Steve said. "Roll over for me, Nicki. Get on your knees for me." He stripped off his T-shirt and boxers.

She did as she was told and Steve moved behind her. He took a few pictures of the head of his cock pressed against her pussy. Then, he slipped into her. As he pushed more of his cock into her, he took more. When his cock was buried in her, he took a couple more. He slowly eased his cock out of her. Her lips stretched along his cock.

"Damn, Nicki," he whispered. "That looks so good."

Nicki said, "I can't wait to see those. I know how much you like to see your cock in me and I want to see it, too."

Steve pushed his cock back into her and fucked her slowly for a moment before pulling his cock out of her.

"What are you doing, baby?" Nicki asked. "Why'd you stop?"

"I want to look into your eyes while I fuck you, Nicki," he said.

He moved so she could roll onto her back. She spread her legs and smiled at him.

Nicki whispered, "I want you to fuck me, baby. I want you to fuck me and come in me and then take pictures of my pussy with your come in me."

He moved over Nicki and kissed her on the mouth. She responded by moaning and opening her lips to accept his tongue. His hard cock pressed against her pussy. A groan escaped her as he entered her with a firm push.

Nicki wrapped her legs around her lover as he pushed himself up to look down into her eyes. He moved slowly, pulling his cock almost all the way out of her before easing back into her. She sighed and smiled up at him. He smiled back and shoved his cock into her tight pussy. She gasped and pushed up to meet his thrusts as he fucked her. 

Steve looked down at Nicki's breasts, bouncing back and forth as her body moved as he plunged his cock into her. Her little nipples were hard and he lowered his head to suck on one. Nicki moaned and put her hands on his upper arms, gripping them tightly. Steve looked back into her eyes. She panted and quiet sounds of pleasure escaped from her lips.

Nicki was very wet. Steve's cock slipped in and out of her tight pussy easily. She arched her back, trying to take him deeper. He fucked her harder as she moaned.

"Yes, yes, yes," she chanted softly.

"That's it, baby," Steve said. "Come for me, Nicki. Come for me."

She looked into his eyes as he fucked her. She moaned again and tightened her legs around him, urging him on. Her pussy clinched around his cock as her orgasm neared.

Steve smiled at her. "You're going to make me come, baby," he whispered. "I'm going to come in you."

"Oh, God," Nicki whispered. "Do it. Come in me. Please come in me."

As his cock plunged into her, she cried out. He slammed into her and as his cock jerked and sprayed his come into her, she cried out and came with him. Steve held his cock deep in her pussy as they trembled and moaned. Nicki pulled him down on top of her and kissed him, running her fingers through his soft hair. Their tongues danced together.

Nicki pulled Steve's head up by his hair. "God, baby," she said. "That was great. My pussy is so wet and full of your come. Take some pictures of my just fucked pussy."

Steve smiled at her. "So naughty, little Nicki."

She giggled. "You love it, don't you?"

He kissed her. "I love you, baby."

Steve pushed himself up and knelt between her legs. He picked up the camera and started taking pictures of her pussy. Her thighs were wet with her juices and her lips were red and swollen. Nicki reached down with both hands and spread her pussy, opening herself for him. His come ran out of her. As Steve took pictures, she dipped a finger in the cummy mess, coating it. She held the finger in front of her mouth.

Steve sat up and took pictures as Nicki licked and then sucked on her finger. She grinned at him.

"Damn," she said. "We taste good."

Steve laughed. "I'm going to take your word for that, baby."

Nicki giggled. "I hope you got some good pictures."

"I'm taking pictures of you, Nicki," he said. "They're gonna be much better than good."

"You're so sweet, Steve," she replied. "Come on. Let's look at the pictures."

They got out of the bed. Nicki grabbed a sheet and a towel out of the closet and asked Steve to grab a couple of pillows. When they got to the living room, Nicki spread the sheet on the couch and folded the towel in half and then put it on the sheet at one end of the couch. Steve put the pillows down beside the couch and sat down on the towel. Nicki sat beside him. 

She giggled. "I like having your come dripping out of me," she said. "But it is messy. Don't want a wet spot on the couch."

She snuggled up next to Steve. He picked up his reading glasses from the end table and put them on. Holding the camera where they could both see the screen, he turned it on. They scrolled through the pictures, commenting on each one.

Nicki enjoyed Steve's fascination with her pussy. 

"See," he told her. "Your lips are pink and swollen and moist. Your pussy looks like a flower blossom about to open."

She laughed. "That's sweet, Steve. An edible flower."

He laughed, also. "A flower I love eating."

They got to the picture of Nicki coming.

"Great 'O' face, baby," he told her. "I love watching you come. It's always special."

Nicki said, "I love looking into your eyes when I'm coming. There's so much tenderness in them. You have nice eyes. I like watching you come, too, Steve. I feel so close to you then."

Steve put his arm around her and gave her a hug.

"It's like you always tell me," he said. "We're so frigging cute."

She laughed. They had now reached the pictures of Steve's cock in her pussy.

"Oh, wow," she said. "That's hot. I see why you like to fuck me from behind."

When they got to the pictures where he pulled his cock out of her, Nicki giggled again.

"Oh, my God," she said. "I love that. Look at my pussy lips. And your cock is all wet."

"I do enjoy watching that," Steve said. "It really turns me on. Makes me want to fuck you hard."

Nicki giggled. "Looking at these pictures makes me want you to fuck me hard."

They now got to the pictures of her just fucked, come filled pussy.

"Jesus," Nicki whispered. "I'm messy." 

They both laughed.

"I really like those," she said.

"Me, too," Steve said. "Your pussy is beautiful, Nicki. And it's really beautiful in these pictures. So red and wet. I can't believe how you look with my come dripping out of you."

"Naughty boy," she said. "I bet you'll like seeing your come in my mouth and on my face, too."

Steve laughed. "Probably as much as you will."

She smiled at him. "I can't wait. Oh, look. Your cock can't wait, either."

Nicki pushed Steve back against the arm of the couch. She reached down and picked up the pillows and handed them to him. He placed them behind him and lay back. Nicki crawled over him, smiling. She let her breasts lightly touch his skin as she moved up to kiss him. Her tongue darted into his mouth. He moaned as she kissed him.

She looked at him and smiled, then kissed his lips softly before moving down again. She kissed his throat and then his chest. Making her way to his hard nipple, she kissed it and then licked it, causing him to moan. Grinning to herself, she sucked on his little nipple, making him gasp. 

Nicki looked up at him, smiling. "I love doing that," she said. "Your nipples are so much more sensitive than mine."

She watched his face as she again licked his nipple. Steve inhaled sharply.

"Oh, Nicki," he sighed.

Nicki giggled and sucked on his nipple again. Steve groaned as her tongue circled his nipple. She sucked on it hard, making him cry out. She let it slip from her mouth.

"Wow," she said. "That is so amazing."

She licked his nipple one more time and kissed her way down his stomach. As she moved lower, her breasts surrounded his hard cock. She looked into his eyes.

"I'm going to suck your cock, baby," she whispered. "Take pictures of me with your cock in my mouth." 

Nicki sat up a little. Steve's cock was nestled between her tits. She smiled at him as she pushed her tits together. He took pictures as she rubbed her tits on his cock. Her little nipples were hard. 

She moved a little further down the couch and took his cock in her hand. Looking up at him, Nicki licked his cock. Taking his cock into her mouth, she paused so Steve could take pictures. She slowly swallowed more of his cock until she had it all in her mouth. 

Steve held the camera to the side. He took a picture and checked to see how it looked. Happy with the result, he held the camera out again as Nicki's mouth bobbed up and down on his cock. She let him slip from her mouth and then licked the underside of his shaft.

His cock was wet from her saliva, and she stroked him and kissed the head. Steve decided he had enough pictures and lay back to enjoy the blow job. Nicki worked his cock, eager to make him come. Steve moaned and pushed his hips up. Nicki smiled at him, jerking him off. 

"That's it, baby," she said. "Give me your come."

She licked him again, making him groan. Steve held up the camera and Nicki aimed his cock at her open mouth. She felt his cock swell in her hand and then a stream of come sprayed her face. Only a little went in her mouth, the rest ran from her forehead to her chin. She moved her mouth closer to the head of his cock and the next spurt shot into her mouth. A smaller spurt landed on her chin and in her mouth.

Nicki looked up at Steve. She held her tongue out, showing him the puddle of come on it. She licked a little come off his cock and then swallowed, smiling at him. She took the head of his cock into her mouth and Steve took some more pictures.

Letting his cock slip from her mouth, she smiled. As she wiped the come from her chin and licked her fingers, Steve took more pictures.

He smiled at her. "You missed some, baby," he told her.

Nicki laughed. "I can't wait to see these pictures," she said.