 Steve rolled into Beverly Hills at about 4:00 in the afternoon. After three days of hard riding from Texas he was beat. He looked down at the map pocket on top of his tank bag to read the directions Nicki had given him. Twenty minutes later he pulled into the parking lot of her apartment complex. He found her apartment, parked the bike and got off it.

After taking his helmet off, he hung it on the handle bar and stretched. He had wanted to take a ride to California ever since he got the antique BMW five years before. Now, he was here.

When he told Nicki that he was going to ride to California and go to Yosemite, she had asked him to come to Beverly Hills to visit for a couple of days. They had been chatting on MySpace for two years and had become good friends. 

Steve had let her read the erotic stories that he wrote and shared with some of his Myspace friends. She had enjoyed them and told him that he was a great writer. He had even written one just for her. 

Their messages to each other were often filled with talk of sex. They had both hinted that this was going to be much more than a visit.

Steve looked up at her Nicki's second floor apartment. He was nervous about actually meeting her. He thought she was beautiful and the difference in their ages weighed on his mind. She was twenty-one and he was now forty-six. He couldn't believe he was here.

He turned back to the bike and unhooked the bungee cords holding the bag on the back. Next, he unhooked the tankbag. He looked back up at Nicki's apartment and sighed.

"Oh, man," he mumbled. "I ride halfway across the country to meet her and now I can't walk up a flight of stairs."

He pulled his cigarette stuff out and rolled one. Lighting it, he put one boot up on the bike's cylinder and leaned on his knee. He smoked the cigarette while looking up at her apartment. He finished the cigarette and dropped it on the ground, crushed it under his boot.

Shaking his head, Steve picked up the bags, grabbed his helmet and walked up the stairs. He got to Nicki's door and set the bags down. After a moments hesitation, he knocked on her door. A moment later, the door opened and Nicki smiled at him.

"Hi, Steve," she said. "I was beginning to wonder if you were ever going to come up stairs."

Steve swallowed and said, "I, umm, thought I'd smoke a cigarette first."

Nicki laughed softly. "You really are shy in person, aren't you."

She stepped forward and hugged him. He nervously put his arms around her, holding her gently. She gave him a kiss on the check and hugged him tighter.

"I'm kind of nervous, too," she whispered in his ear.

He hugged her tighter and said, "Oh, Nicki. It's really great to be here. You know, your eyes are really pretty."

Nicki laughed and said," You and my eyes."

She stepped back, smiled shyly and said, "Thank you. Come on. You must be exhausted."

Grabbing one of his bags, Nicki took Steve's hand and led him into the apartment.

"Would you like something to drink?" she asked.

He replied, "Some water would by great. I could really use a shower, too. Death Valley was brutal."

Nicki put his bag down in the living room. She still held his hand.

"I was worried about you all day," she said. "I kept thinking that something would happen to you out there."

She squeezed his hand, looked down for a second and then looked back up. "I've been looking out the window every couple of minutes for the last two hours. That's how I knew you were out there for a while. I'm so glad you got here safely."

Nicki smiled at him. 

Steve gave her hand a squeeze and said, "I was fine. I'm worn out, but I'm here."

"Let me get you some water, then you can take a shower and relax."

Steve set his helmet and the bag he was holding down next to the other bag. Nicki led him to the kitchen and got Steve a glass of water. After he drank it, Nicki said, "Come on, let's put your bags away."

They each grabbed a bag. Steve left the helmet where it was. They headed to her bedroom. Nicki put the bag she was carrying on the bed. Steve looked at her as she turned to him.

She smiled at him and said, "Just there on the bed is fine for now. We'll figure out what to do with them later."

Steve put his bag down next to the other one. He looked at the bags on the bed for a moment and turned to Nicki. She was smiling. He realized then that it was really going to happen. His bags on her bed was her promise that they would both be sleeping in it. That they were going to be making love. That he was going to be fucking this beautiful young woman.

Nicki pointed to another doorway and said, "That's the bathroom. I've got stuff laid out for you. I'll be in the living room. See ya in a little bit."

She put her hand on his arm, leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek. Steve watched her walk from the room, looking down at her ass. Nicki was wearing tight jeans without pockets. Her ass was really cute. He sighed and opened one of his bags and pulled out a clean pair of jeans and a dark blue golf shirt and headed for the bathroom. 

When he walked into the living room after his shower, Nicki was sitting on the couch reading a magazine. She got up when she saw him, setting the magazine on the table at the end of the couch. Her breasts filled her loose tank top. She stepped toward him, hesitated for a moment, then hugged him. Steve hugged her back, caressing her as he held her. 

She kissed his cheek and said, "I bet you feel a lot better now."

"Yeah," he replied. "I'm worn out, but at least I feel human again."

Nicki let go of him, took his hand and led him to the couch. "Come on," she said. "Let's sit down. Get off your feet and relax."

She aimed him at one end of the couch. When he sat down, she sat in the middle, facing him with one leg tucked under her.

Since they talked on MySpace all the time, there wasn't much to catch up on. Nicki had insisted that he call her each night while he was on the road so she would know he was O.K. They had talked for several minutes each night.

Now, he told her about his trip. He had grabbed his digital camera from the tank bag after his shower. Nicki moved to sit beside him so she could see the pictures he had taken. She leaned against him and her breast pressed against his arm.

Steve yawned several times as they talked and looked at the pictures. Nicki put her hand on his thigh and rubbed it when he yawned again.

"Poor baby," she said. "You look like you might fall over any minute now. I need to go buy some things for dinner. Why don't you take a nap while I'm out and I'll wake you up when dinner's ready."

Steve smiled at her. "That sounds good, Nicki."

She stood up and said, "Do you just want to stretch out here on the couch? I'll be quiet when I get back."

"That would be fine," he said.

"Let me get you a pillow," she said and headed to the bedroom.

She came back, gave the pillow and leaned down and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.

"I'll be back in a little while," she said. "I'll give you a chance to sleep awhile and we'll eat about 8:00. O.K.?"

Steve said, "That works for me."

"Good," she said. 

Nicki walked to the bedroom and came back a minute later carrying a purse. She smiled at Steve, laying on the couch, waved at him and headed out the door. Steve curled up on his side and was asleep in minutes.

Nicki woke Steve up by gently shaking his shoulder. She was knelling in front of him. When he opened his eyes, she smiled at him.

"Dinner's ready, baby," she said. 

He sat up, stretched and said, "Mmm. Smells good."

She led him to the dining area. The table had two lit candles on it. Plates of pasta and glasses of wine were placed on opposite sides of the table. Nicki walked around the table and sat down. Steve sat down across from her.

He had a hard time concentrating on the food. Nicki was wearing the same loose tank top that she had been wearing earlier, but she was no longer wearing a bra. Her nipples were hard, and kept drawing Steve's eye. 

After they finished eating, they cleared the table and took glasses of wine back to the livingroom. Steve sat at the end of the couch and Nicki set her glass down on the end table next to him.

"Do you mind if I get comfy?" she asked.

He smiled at her. "Of course not," he said.

She turned and walked to the bedroom. Steve wondered what could be more comfortable than what she had on. He got his answer a few minutes later when she came back into the room wearing a loose white night shirt. 

Nicki stepped in front of Steve and picked up her wine. She smiled and took a sip and then walked around the room, lighting candles. After lighting about a dozen, she turned off the lights. Steve watched her closely the whole time.

The night shirt came down a few inches over her ass. Her legs were long and slim. When she was standing in front of Steve again, she finished her wine and set her glass down. Steve quickly drank the rest of his wine, set his glass down and held his hand out to her. She took his hand and curled up next to him on the couch, leaning against him.

Steve said, "Nicki, your have beautiful legs."

She smiled and said, "Thank you, baby."

They kissed, shyly at first and then with more passion. When Steve's tongue entered her mouth, they both moaned. Nicki shifted a little, turning herself towards him more. She broke off the kiss and raised herself up.

Smiling at him she said, "Move over a little, baby."

When he did, she swung her leg over him, straddling him and sat in his lap. She put her hands on his shoulders and kissed him again. Steve's hands went to her waist. He moved his hands up and down her sides. They kissed each other passionately.  

Nicki groaned as Steve's hands moved to her breasts. He put his hands under her breasts and rubbed his thumbs over her hard little nipples. She moaned and pushed her tongue into his mouth. He squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples. Nicki sat up, arching her back, pushing her tits into her hands. She looked into his eyes, smiling at him as he played with her tits.

She said, "Do you like my tits, Steve?"

"I love them, baby," he replied.

Nicki moved her hands to his chest. His nipples had been at least a little hard ever since she opened the door to see him standing there. She had glanced at them many times all afternoon and evening. During dinner, they had been very hard. She had wondered how sensitive they were. Steve groaned as she brushed his nipples with her finger tips.

"Oh, my," she said. "Are your nipples a little sensitive?"

Steve whispered, "A little."

Nicki grinned and pinched his nipples. Steve gasped and arched his back. He tried to pull away from her, but there was no where for him to go. She placed her hands flat on his chest and leaned down to kiss him.

She sat up, smiling at him and said, "Hmmmm, more than just a little sensitive, I think."

Steve inhaled deeply. "Yeah," he said. "They're very sensitive."

He moved his hands down, under her shirt. His hands cupped her ass. Nicki raised up and he dug his fingers into her ass cheeks. Nicki leaned forward and kissed him. Steve let go of her ass and took the hem of her shirt in his hands, lifting it over her waist.

Nicki sat up, smiling at him. She touched his hands, took the shirt from him and pulled it off. She sat on his lap, looking into his eyes. As he looked at her naked body, she bit her lower lip. Steve looked back to her eyes and smiled.

"Beautiful, baby," he said, placing his hands on her waist. "You are so beautiful, Nicki."

His hands moved up her sides. When he touched her tits, Nicki leaned her head back and arched her back. Her hard little nipples pointed up. Steve fondled her tits, feeling the weight of them. His thumbs brushed over her nipples. She moaned.

Steve smiled. "Yours are sensitive, too," he said.

Nicki looked at him and smiled. She said, "I don't think they're as sensitive as yours, but they are sensitive."

He rolled her nipples between his fingers and she moaned again. He leaned forward and said, "Come here, baby."

She put her hands on the back of the couch. Steve put his hands on the sides of her tits and kissed one of her nipples. Nicki sighed as he licked it. She pushed her tit against his mouth and he sucked on the nipple, his tongue circling it. 

Nicki groaned as she felt his teeth on the hard little nub. When he bit her, she gasped.

"Oh, baby," she murmured, "That's good. So good."

He moved to her other tit and spent a few minutes kissing and sucking on that nipple. Nicki gasped again when he bit it. She sat back up and grabbed Steve's shirt. He raised his arms as she pulled it over his head. She touched his nipples and he moaned.

Nicki smiled at him and said, "My turn, baby."

She bent down and kissed one of his tiny nipples. Steve trembled and moaned. She licked it and he inhaled deeply. That pushed his nipple harder against her mouth. Nicki sucked on it and he gasped.

"Oh, God, Nicki," he whispered. "I can't take much of that."

Nicki looked up at him and smiled.

She said, "I have to do the other one, too, Steve."

Steve said, "I want you to."

Nicki laughed and kissed his other nipple. She loved the effect she was having on him. She licked his nipple and he gasped. When she sucked on it, Steve groaned and tried to pull away.

He said, "Nicki. Please, Nicki."

She licked his nipple one more time and then kissed him on the mouth. He held her, rubbing her bare back. They moaned as they kissed each other hungrily. Nicki sat up and smiled at him. She ran her hands down his chest to his stomach and then unbuttoned his jeans. 

"Come on, baby," she said. "Let's get these off you. I want your cock in my mouth."

She unzipped his jeans and slid off his lap onto the floor in front of him. Steve arched his back and Nicki tugged at his jeans, pulling them down. He sat down again as she pulled them off. His cock was hard.

Nicki smiled at him and spread his legs. She said, "Come here, baby. Sit on the edge."

She ran her hands up his thighs as she smiled at him. Steve slumped on the couch and Nicki sat up between his legs. She touched his cock, brushing it with her finger tips before wrapping her fingers around it.

"Mmmm," she whispered. "So hard. So hard for me."

She leaned forward, kissed the head of his cock and then licked it.

Steve trembled and said, "Oh, Nicki."

Nicki began to stroke his cock, moving her hand up and down it's length. She looked into his eyes as she took the head into her mouth. Steve sighed. Her mouth followed her hand down his cock. 

Steve watched her sucking his cock. She kept her eyes on his as her mouth slowly moved up and down his shaft. Nicki let his cock slip from her mouth and then licked the underside of it from bottom to top. She swirled her tongue around the head then took it back in her mouth.

Steve groaned and arched his back, pushing his dick further into Nicki's mouth. She let go of it with her hand so she could take it all in. Her head bobbed up and down as she deep throated him several times. 

She let his cock slip from her mouth and wrapped her fingers around it again, stroking it as she caught her breath. She smiled at him and licked the head. Steve groaned.

She took him in her mouth again and followed her fingers up and down his dick.

Nicki let his cock slip from her mouth and sat up. She leaned forward until his cock was nestled between her tits. She looked into his eyes as she put her hands on her tits and pushed them together. She moved up and down, his cock slipping between them.

Steve looked from her eyes to her tits and then back to her eyes. He groaned.

"Oh, Nicki," he whispered. "That's good. You have beautiful tits."

Nicki giggled. "Do you like them more than you like my eyes?"

He laughed, also. "I love your eyes, baby. But right now I think I like your tits more."

She giggled again and licked the head of his cock. She looked up and smiled at him. Steve watched her tits moving up and down his cock. Her cute little nipples were very hard. He leaned forward a little and took both nipples between his fingers. He looked into her eyes as he rolled her nipples between his fingers. As she moved, he pulled gently on her nipples. Nicki moaned softly.

"Oh, Steve," she said. "That's good, baby."

He smiled at her while he played with her nipples. Nicki smiled back and bent her head to lick his cock again. Steve groaned and let go of her nipples and leaned back on the couch. Nicki giggled.

She said, "I'd like to see one of those girls you write about with cute little tits do this."

Steve laughed. "Oh, Nicki, that is so good."

Nicki smiled at him and said, "Mmmm, but this is better."

She sat back down and took his cock into her mouth again. She slowly took him all the way into her mouth, her lips wrapped around him. She paused for a moment with her lips at the base of his cock. Steve groaned as she moved back up his cock. Nicki bobbed her head up and the length of his cock several times before letting him slip from her mouth. 

She breathed deep a few times as she wrapped her hand around him and smiled at him as she jerked him off. She licked him as she looked into his eyes and took him into her mouth again.

Steve groaned. "Oh, God, Nicki," he said. "Stop. You're going to make me come."

She looked up at him, his cock in her mouth. Her eyes sparkled. She let his cock slip from her mouth.

"That's the idea, Steve," she said. "I want you to come."

She licked his cock as she jerked it. He gasped. 

"Nicki," he said. "Please. I want to eat your pussy, baby."

She smiled and licked him again. "And fuck me, too, I hope," she said.

"Oh, yes," Steve said.

Nicki kept jerking his cock. It was slick with her saliva and her hand slid up and down his shaft.

"You can do that after you come," she said, smiling. "If you take your time eating me and do that alphabet thing and make me come and come until I beg you to stop, I bet you'll get hard again."

She wrapped her lips around his cock and bobbed her head up and down, following her fingers. He groaned again.

"Oh, Nicki," he said.

She let his cock slip from her mouth again. She smiled and licked her lips.

"I bet you'll last longer if I make you come now," she said. "Do you think you'll last long enough to make me come twice before you come in my pussy if I make you come now?"

She let go of his cock and licked it's length from the base to the head. She wrapped her fingers around it again and stroked it. She smiled at him.

"Yeah," he said. "I'll last longer if I come now."

Nicki licked the head of his cock. Steve groaned. She smiled.

"Well," she said. "In that case, I want you to come in my mouth. I want to taste your come. I want to swallow your come, baby."

She let go of his cock and watched his face as she took it in her mouth. Steve moaned as her mouth slid up and down his cock. Her tongue pressed against the under side of it. His cock jerked in her mouth. She lifted her head and wrapped her fingers around him, stroking him.

"Oh, baby," Steve whispered.

Nicki took the head of his cock in her mouth, her tongue flicked over the tip. Her hand moved up and down. Steve groaned and his cock jerked again. A stream of come shot into Nicki's mouth. She moaned as his cock jerked again. Another stream of come blasted into her mouth. Some of his come leaked from the corner of her mouth. 

She let the head slip from her mouth. Nicki looked up at him as she jerked his cock, aiming it at her open mouth. A third stream of come shot from his cock and hit her face, landing on her cheek, in her mouth and on her lips and chin. She smiled at him, still stroking his cock.

Nicki sat up a little and opened her mouth as she looked into his eyes. She showed him her tongue, curling it a little to hold his come. More come leaked from her mouth onto her chin. She closed her mouth and swallowed. Leaning down, she licked a little more come off the head of his cock. 
