 "Russ, it just gets so frustrating sometimes," Nicki said with exasperation in her voice. "Bill isn't much into foreplay. He just wants to fuck, with no loving prelude. It's just not the way I get into making love."

I was talking to Russ, my nextdoor neighbor and someone I've known for a long time. He, his wife Jenny, Bill, and I have been friends and have socialized together ever since we moved into the neighborhood some 15 years ago.

"Well, in a way, Nicki, you're not alone. Jenny isn't much into some of the things I enjoy, things that excite me and turn me on," Russ replied to his slim blond-haired, blue-eyed neighbor.

I had stopped in before my run, wearing the sexiest little nylon shorts and short T-shirt top. We were friends, yes, but that didn't stop me from being terribly attracted to him sexually. And, frankly, we both felt that attraction . . . it was evident from our conversations and desire that bubbled beneath the surface when we were around each other.

"What kinds of things," I asked.

"Well, like blowjobs and handjobs," Russ replied, blushing slightly. That shyness in him made him so damn attractive.

"Does she not like to give them or isn't she that good at them," I asked.

"Nicki, she just doesn't like to give them . . . and I love them. They make me, well, want to fuck so bad," Russ said, smiling and looking at me.

"Okay, Russ, I'm going to make a suggestion and I don't want you to take it the wrong way, k? Bill and Jenny are going to get home in an hour or so and I think we should get each other a little horny . . . and then we'll be ready to enjoy our spouses."

"Nicki! You're being bad," Russ said, kiddingly.

"No, no, no," I replied, "I'm not suggesting we do anything, not really, just get ourselves ready for our spouses!"

Russ was wearing jeans, nice snug ones, that showed off his trim, athletic body. His sandy coloured hair, pale blue eyes, and sexy smile were so tantalizing.

"Soooo, sit back, k, and I'll get you nice 'n horny for Jenny," I said.

With that Russ sat back, stretched his legs out, and waited for whatever I had in mind.

Teasingly, I ran my hands over his legs, feeling his well-toned body. Over his knees, up on his thighs, up higher, then back down . . . up, my hands sliding along the denim material, going high on his thighs, then back down. I continued this for probably five minutes and saw the effect it was having. Russ's cock, thick and oh-so hard was so visible beneath his jeans. Every time I ran my hands up his thighs, I saw his cock lurch ever so slightly. This was going to be fun!

Of course, knowing I was teasing one of the sexiest men I knew had an effect on me too. I could feel my pussy getting soaked, the slick juices covering my pussy lips and soaking the nylon material of my running shorts.

I was going to have the best fuck ever with my husband Bill!

Each time I ran my hands up on Russ's thighs, I came closer and closer to his thick hard cock . . . and he just couldn't help it . . . he fucked his hips up, urging me to touch him, to stroke that meaty cock.

Smiling at him, our eyes meeting, I lightly, teasingly ran my hand right over his cock, and slid my fingers up . . . then down . . . up . . . then down. Russ moaned, closed his eyes, and savored the sensations I was evoking in him. His cock was hot under my hand . . . and throbbed as I stroked him. Every so often I'd squeeze, feeling the power in that cock. God, was I getting turned on!!! I was moving my legs, squeezing my thighs together and then releasing, my pussy loving the sex surges.

"Good, huh," I said in a whisper to Russ.

"Mmmmm, Nicki, you have no idea," Russ moaned, his hips fucking his cock against my hand.

Then I reached up and slowly unzipped his jeans and pulled them just off his hips, so I could have access to that cock.

Through his underwear I continued to stroke his cock. His underwear was so slippery wet where the head of his cock was, his precum leaking out.

"God, Nicki, that feels so damn good," Russ said, his voice low and sexy.

I wanted to get him so horny, he'd have the best cum ever with Jenny (and then tomorrow I'd want to hear all about it!)

Easing his cock out the leg of his underwear, I couldn't take my eyes off it. Huge, thick, meaty, the head so soft and slick with precum, the shaft wonderfully textured.

I gently wrapped my hand around his shaft and slowly ran my hand up . . . then over the head. Russ groaned so loud, his hips fucking, helping his cock slide on and in my hand. Down, my hand glided, teasing over that most sensative of spots . . . down, down, down, to the base . . . then back up . . . over cock skin, over the ridge of his cock, over the super soft slippery head . . . then back down.

Looking into his face, I could see that lust, that look of WANT, that pure animalistic need to fuck. And I was bringing it out in him, my stroking, like hand fucking . . . up and down, up and down. 

Then I added my other hand, so I could swivel stroke him, one hand kind of going around his cock, as the other slipped up and down.

Russ jammed his cock into my hand, going "unh unh unh unh" over and over, lost in the powerful sensations I was producing in him.

And my god, my pussy was on fire!! I was totally gushing pussy juices . . . my lips open and my clit aching. I was going to overpower my husband! I just had to fuck and soon!!!

Suddenly, Russ, grabbed my hand and made me stop.

"Nicki, better stop or you're going to make me cum." Russ managed to say.

I smiled and looked into that face, that face I had come to care for so much.

"Yes, we want to save that for Jenny," I replied.

Just sitting there, I let Russ rest, still keeping my hand on his cock, giving it a little squeeze every so often.

"Let me get you close, k?" I asked, "we won't have you cum, but just get nice 'n close"

"K," Russ replied, "but if I reach down and hold your hand, you have to stop."

Slowly, I began again to stoke his heavenly cock. Nice long strokes . . . going all the way from the base, up the shaft, and over the head. Sometimes I'd squeeze really tightly as I stroked and other times I'd barely be making contact. And the look on his face!!! God, that was the hottest thing to me. Knowing what I was doing, the power I had over him.

Up and down . . . slow fucking . . . his hips matching my stroking. I was getting the strongest sex surges in my cunt as I stroked him, the clenching in my pussy in time to how I was stroking him.

"Getting close, Nicki," Russ managed to say in a groan.

"Little more . . . just a little more . . . then I'll stop," I said, knowing how hard it was getting for him.

Up and down my hand went . . . squeezing . . . sliding . . . my hand right on his cock skin . . . up and down . . . up, squeeze, slip down . . . over the head . . . over that spot . . . fucking his cock with my hand.

Russ reached down to grab my hand, but as he did, I grabed his hand with my other hand . . . and continued to stroke! Long, tight strokes!!

"Ohhhhhhhhhh fuckkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!" Russ gasped, his hips totally up and quivering!! "Nickiiiiiiii!!!" His cock, harder now than ever, totally gushed and shot cum!!! A huge rope of cum shot in the air, creamy and urgent! 

I don't know when I'd been hornier or more turned on, just knowing what I had done to Russ!

His hips continued to thrust his cock into my hand . . . cum continued to leak out of his cock, covering his cock and my hand with delicious Russ cum.