 Leave the Girls Alone

The Invitation

"Come visit with Ilysa and me for a couple of days. I know Sandy's on the road this week. The three of us could have a, uh, good time." Janet and Patty had been on the phone for fifteen or twenty minutes. 

Thanks, but I couldn't. I can't leave the girls," Patty replied feeling disappointment wash over her. She wanted to get to know Janet better and she'd gotten to like Ilysa. Her mind went back to the last time they were together. What an experience that had been. She tingled all over, especially between her legs. Would something like that happen again?

"Patty, Ilysa was no older than they are when she came here as an au pair. The girls can take care of themselves!"

"Uh, will Rick be there or is he on the road?"

"He's on the road. I send him away," she joked, " 'cause his prick was getting overused between Ilysa and myself. He needs time to recover."

"Ilysa's not with him."

"No," the response quickly mellowed. "She's here with me." Janet purred then paused for a second. "The bed doesn't seem quite right with only two in it." Her meaning hung in the air.

Patty's head spun. "Does she stay with you when Rick's out of town?" She was surprised that they would do that so blatantly with their two girls at home. 

"No, no. Of course not. I have to sleep alone at night, but sometimes I need to nap during the day." She let the thought hang. "Doesn't have to be Ilysa." She let this thought hang with the earlier one. "Come stay with me. We'll have fun." She issued the invitation again. "The girls can take care of themselves. They'd like being left alone." She wasn't pleading, but the invitation was warm and sounded sincere.

"Can I call you back?"

"You just said yes. Throw some things in a bag. We can go shopping to buy whatever you forget once you get here. Ilysa and I have a great Italian restaurant you'll love. Come on. We're only a few hours up the road."

Patty took a deep breath. "OK." She felt the tingling again. "What should I bring?"

"Not much. The restaurants here are casual so a couple of casual outfits are all you'll need. Oh, and Ilysa has a new device she bought for your girls. We can try it out here before you take it home."

"You want me to come right now?" She was only slightly surprised at the urgency Janet put into the invitation. Now, she thought, right now. Quick, make a decision! A decision to have fun, be yourself. Get laid in new ways. Her willpower was waning.

"Yes. Right now. Pack a few things and get on the road."

Ilysa took the phone. "I'm so glad you're coming. We'll have a great time. I can show you the world headquarters of Guaranteed Transport." Her voice faded as she turned her head away from the phone and said, perhaps to Janet, "Do we dare introduce her to Steve?" 

Patty could hear Janet say, "Do we dare? Of course, he'll be fine."

Back on the phone with Patty Ilysa said, "We have an interesting friend we just might let you meet. He's a cop and he's got a great big," she paused for effect then let her words drag out. "He's got a really big, uh, a big gun." She and Janet giggled.

"Do I dare do this?" She asked rhetorically, but her wanton desire was quickly affirmed. She would dare.

It took two hours for her to pack and call the girls to tell them what she was planning. Morgan goaded here, "Fantastic, mom, we can have a big, drunken, orgy while you're gone!"

"Thanks for trying to scare me, but I don't think I'm going to worry anyway. I know you two will keep things in one piece," she responded to Morgan's humor.

"You going to tell dad or do we need to cover for you," Madison put in with a giggle.

Though she wanted to keep the joke going, she just couldn't say, even jokingly, just tell him I've gone to get my brains fucked out. So she said, "Don't worry about your dad. I'll take care of it."

"Just don't tell him the truth," Morgan joked. By now she could hear both girls laughing. Did they really suspect?

Prepare for the Party

"I'm inviting Tom over. I've always wanted to get fucked in my own bed." Madison wasn't surprised, but she didn't know how to respond to Morgan. "You can invite someone, too."

"You mean a foursome? I don't think so." 

"No silly. You and Ryan can use your room."

"I'll think about it." It sounded naughty, exhilarating, and frightening.

"We could have a pool party. Steaks? Bottle of wine."

Morgan was making it sound better and better. "We won't do anything that will, you know, be a problem, will we," Madison asked feeling drawn in, but fearful.

"You mean get drunk and drown in the pool. No, let's not do that," Morgan giggled and took her sister's hand. "Come on, let's do it." She began to dial her phone with her free hand. Her feet were doing a little dance.

It was arranged before Madison had had time to think. She didn't know whether to be apprehensive, mildly terrified, or just plain excited.

A pool party. Two lovely girls. No adults. What boy would say no?

For perhaps the first time in their lives the two girls dove willingly into housework. Vacuuming, dusting, cleaning the bathrooms, even cleaning their own rooms. It was all underway with a light heart.

Madison stood in the doorway to her room, now clean and neat. It smelled lightly of cleaning compounds. She found packets of sachet which had been stored away for a special occasion. This was a special occasion. Even the soles of her feet tingled as she looked at her bed imagining what would happen there tonight.

The Pool Party

The girls had never had just their boyfriends over to the house before and certainly not without their parents around. They were absolutely committed to nothing happening that would let their parents know that they'd had anything like a party. It would be described as their boyfriends coming over for a swim.

Their dad would think the worst. Maybe mom would, too, but if nothing seemed amiss, what could they say. The girls were, after all, adults now.

Ryan and Tom knew other, but not well. Ryan appeared at the front door first. He carried a bouquet of flowers for Madison and pan of brownies he'd made himself. Madison was beside herself. She never expected him to be so, so, well, so formal. It was really cute, she told him, expressing her enthusiasm with a kiss. He was dressed in a pair of khaki's and a dress shirt. He told her he had his swim trunks on under his clothes so he wouldn't have to change until he left to go home when he'd put on the dry underwear he carried with him.

So formal, so polite, so prepared. So unwitting.

It was seven o'clock on a fine fall day. The weather was still warm, though it would cool after the sun set. Tom had yet to show up. 

"Morgan, Morgan, where are you, Ryan's here," Madison called casually to let her sister that Ryan had arrived.

"On the deck," came the reply from far away.

"Ryan, I'll take this to the kitchen and find a vase for the flowers that we can put on the table on the deck. Why don't you go out and say hi to Morgan. Then come on back. You can put your things in my bedroom." She thought about him putting his things in her bedroom and added, "If that's OK with you." He assured her that it was. Madison's mind went blank for a second as she thought of him in her bedroom.

He headed for the pool. Morgan was nowhere to be seen as he stepped onto the concrete pool deck. "Hi," he called. 

"Hi," came from a chaise lounge which, with its back to him, completely hid Morgan. She stood to greet him. Madison had been wearing her swimsuit and a cover up when she greeted him at the door. Her tiny bikini had thrilled him.

Morgan's attire stunned him. He stopped short. Skidded to a stop more adequately described his reaction. He didn't know whether to stare, look away, or to look her in the eye completely ignoring her bare breasts. He chose the first option.

She walked to him and gave him a hug. The feeling of her bare breasts crushed against his chest was overwhelming. He staggered slightly. Having achieved her goal, Morgan took her top from a nearby table and handed it to him. "Help me with this, please." 

He blinked repeatedly. "How does this go on?" He was all thumbs with her top.

She laughed. "Ah, ha. So you're the kind of boy that's used to helping girls get undressed, but isn't sure how to get them dressed again."

He nodded, confused. She turned her back to him taking the top away. She held it near her bare breasts. "The boobies go in these little cups. See if you can get them in." 

He took a deep breath and attempted to fumble her breasts into the cups. Her breasts' warmth and softness left him lightheaded. He held her breasts squeezing them slightly, befuddled. 

She gave him a few seconds before saying, "I guess I'll have to do it myself." She said as she made a show of fitting the cups around her breasts as his hands fell away. "Now take the strings and tie them in a bow around my neck," she said as she passed the strings to him. Again the cups fell away from her breasts.

He longed to help replace them where they belonged, but instead he tied the bow at her neck.

"Take the other ties and tie them around my back." She fitted herself back into the cups of the top and let him fish around her to gather the ties.

When he had finished, he told her he was going to change in Madison's bedroom. She looked at him knowingly and said, "OK."

As he headed for Madison's bedroom he was thankful that he hadn't been dressed in only his bathing suit. His erection would have been all too obvious to this minx. Was she using her body to make him uncomfortable or to show him a good time? He wasn't sure.

He met Madison who was bringing the flowers to the pool in an acrylic vase. "Where's your bedroom," he asked. Madison set down the flowers and led him to her bedroom. Once inside he set down his bag. Turning to leave, he almost bumped into Madison who was standing quite close. He looked at her questioningly. She recovered by giving him another kiss, this one softer, more intimate, more a promise of things to come. She unfastened his belt and pulled on his khaki's. His erection embarrassed him especially as Madison made a point of noticing it, though she said nothing.

Together they once again returned to the pool deck. On seeing the flowers Morgan gushed loudly. They cleared a place on the table for them amid the plates and condiments. Steaks had given way to hamburgers. Store bought potato salad and chips would round out the meal.

As they sat, Madison commented, "I wonder where Tom is."

"He'll be along," Morgan observed without concern.

Indeed she was correct for in less time than it was possible to eat a celery stick stuffed with cream cheese Tom wandered onto the pool deck having come up the driveway and around the back of the house.

"Hi guys," he called out. Morgan jumped up and met him half way planting, what was to Madison, a startlingly passionate kiss. He carried a twelve pack of beer.

He, too was wearing street clothes, polo shirt, shorts, and sandals, and carried a bag. "Come on, let's get you into your suit." Morgan took his hand which she wrapped around her waist, and, with her arm around his waist escorted him into the house.

"I think Tom can change by himself," Madison called jokingly after the departing couple.

"It's more fun if I help," Morgan could be heard retorting as her bedroom door closed.

"Oh, god," Madison breathed as she put her head in her hands. This was a bad omen. Ryan said nothing, but felt the return of his embarrassing erection.

Morgan, on the other hand, was determined to make the most of this opportunity. Carefully closing the door, she pulled Tom's shirt off. He stood smiling his arms raised. She ran her nails down his chest quickly kissing a nipple.

The elastic belt on his shorts yielded. She pulled on the shorts as he kicked off his sandals. 

"I didn't realize you went commando!" With this overly loud explanation of surprise she took firm hold of him. Her warm hand on his hard cock almost sealed the evening before it started. He looked wistfully at her bed.

"There'll be plenty of time for that later," she whispered. "Where's your suit?" She reached for the bag. "You did bring one, didn't you?" She dug into the bag and with some relief pulled a loud Hawaiian print suit from the bag. "You put it on. If I do it, we'll never get back to the pool."

She handed him the suit and watched as he pulled it on and carefully tucked himself inside.

She took his hand and led him back to the pool. His erection did not abate. Both Madison and Ryan did their best to ignore it.

The boys sucked on the beer while the girls drank white wine. Music flooded the scene from speakers mounted on the house.

The conversation started slowly, but picked up as they found topics of common interest. Morgan stood and took Tom's hand. She tugged him to a standing position. Pretending he was being difficult, he forced her to push him toward the pool. He held back causing her to push harder. Then suddenly with more grace and speed than he seemed capable of he spun and, as she plunged forward, he scooped her in his arms. Both fell into the pool.

She whooped and splashed as they surfaced together. Madison and Ryan joined them and soon the games commenced. Girls on the boys' shoulders splashing and playing catch me if you can. Soon, out of breath, the partying group stopped long enough to refill their drinks. A second round was followed by a third. A third was followed by a fourth. They traded partners with the boys enjoying having the girls' privates pressed against the back of their heads, the girls' legs across their chests. 

Ryan, a bit less the worse for the alcohol than Tom, was able to maneuver Morgan alongside Madison and Tom. Morgan made a wobbly strike at her sister and was able to pull her top up. Her breasts bobbed free. Much less inhibited now by the wine, Madison made no attempt to cover herself. Instead she went for the ties that held up her sister's top. Momentarily, the symbol of success, Morgan's top floated away on the tiny white caps in the pool. 

"This is war," Morgan cried excitedly diving after the other couple. Ryan watched as Morgan was able to dislodge Tom's swimsuit pulling it to his knees. Madison was spilled into the water in the fracas. Laughing she went after Tom to finish what Morgan had started.

Ryan stared not daring to do anything to Madison's sister. He only watched wishing he thought he could finish pulling her suit off.

"Big kiss if you bring me Morgan's bottoms," Madison yelled at Ryan as she went after Tom's suit. Morgan was under water when the challenge was issued to Ryan. Her goal was to finish Tom off. Tom fought to keep his suit on, but now both girls had ganged up on him. Madison was then fair game as he went after her top.

His suit came off in Morgan's hands as he went after Madison's top. Morgan felt Ryan behind her but was too slow in turning and found her bottoms his trophy. 

Instead of worrying about her own nakedness, she joined Tom who had Madison's top. She dove and while Tom held Madison close to him, Morgan managed to pull off her bottoms. 

Sputtering and laughing the girls remounted the boys and began the game again, naked this time.

Coughing, spewing water, and snorting the four abandoned the pool for another drink. Morgan took her wine and turned the grill on. "You going to stay naked," Madison asked laughing.

"No reason I can think of to cover up" she replied in a pious voice. "They've seen it all now." 

Grill on, she went to Tom. Putting her hands behind her head and swaying her hips, she said, "You may touch my titties." He needed no further encouragement, but when he went to suck on her engorged nipples, she slipped away sidling up to Ryan and, nudging her sister aside, put her hands behind her head again and said, "You may touch my titties." She looked meaningfully at her sister. "You may also touch her titties." She took hold of her sister's breasts to demonstrate.

Though startled, Madison did not object. From that point on what few boundaries had existed, vanished.

Dinner was accomplished in a frantic manner as it became obvious that the lack of boundaries included taking the girls to their bedrooms.

As Ryan encouraged Madison to accompany him to her bedroom, she said, "No, not now. We need to clean up." Without comment he swept her off her feet and carried her to her bedroom. Snuggling naked in his arms, her thoughts of cleaning evaporated.

Morgan looked at Tom expectantly. He grinned, laughed, and gathered her into his arms carrying her to her bedroom. 

Ryan set Madison carefully down on the bed, leaning in for a kiss. She brought his head to her allowing him to crush her lips with his. Though their teeth clashed, she whimpered with passion. Coming up for air, they broke the kiss. With the break she jumped up, threw his clothes from the bed onto the floor, and swept back the covers. She leaped back onto the bed bouncing as she landed on her back. In a slurring voice she demanded with her arms extended, "Come on, big boy."

He laid himself on top of his lovely girlfriend and felt her arms encircle him. They hugged until he pulled away far enough to begin a series of insistent kisses that covered her face and her breasts. As he frantically used his lips and tongue on her body he worked himself into her wet pussy. 

She tried, as Ilysa had showed her to fasten her vagina around his cock, but so intense was their desire that he slid in and out with little rhythm. Many strokes ended with him struggling to find that wet entrance as they bounced from one side of the bed to the other. Some thrusts stimulated her clit, but many missed. She tried to hang onto him, but he was out of control. He gushed into her but lost none of his need to continue to fuck her and kept pounding as through tears of desire, she pleaded, "Don't stop. Please don't stop."

She came, loudly, shortly after his second climax. "Thank you, thank you." She hugged him to her, but continued to move sensually under him. A second and a much smaller third climax were announced through decreasing movement.

He began to roll off. "No. Stay here," she demanded. He stilled as she clenched his still hard cock between her legs, deep inside her.

Performance Worthy of an Emmy

It was not much different as Morgan took control of her lover. She, too, had been listening to Ilysa and practicing, but found her slippery portal unable to grip him tightly. "Keep it inside," she instructed even as the tears of desire flowed from her. "Push. Harder. Oh, god, it fell out again. Keep it in."

Finally, above his groans, she could be heard in the next room as she loudly announced the culmination of her pleasure. Like her sister she kept her lover inside her until she had her fill. Even then, as he sought sleep she kept her lover inside her where she could revel in his hardness.

She held him almost too tightly. In his ear she whispered, "Next time, in the pool." He felt her clamping and releasing as she squirmed under him.

"Madison," she yelled, "turn on the TV."

Even as both boys wondered why a TV program should be of interest just now, Madison giggled and reached for the remote. It was just out of her reach. "Turn the TV on," she said to Ryan still giggling, "and put it on channel four." Thinking the fun for the night to be over, interrupted by some cheesy sitcom, he did as she requested.

In fifteen seconds or so the picture materialized. Ryan could hardly believe that there on the screen lay Morgan and Tom. Morgan was waving. Between her spread legs shone the messy mixture of their encounter. Morgan took firm hold of Tom who lay on his back alongside her. The camera was angled to show them from their left from the foot of the bed to the headboard. 

Ryan looked about for the camera assuming that they were being shown in much the same way.
