 For those who do not remember the description or did not read the first part. Here is a brief repeat of the description of the woman I love...

Nicole is every man's dream woman. She is a whore in bed and a lady out of bed. Nicole stands six feet tall with shiny blond hair and a mouth that just says I want your cock. Her breasts are soft and billowy and fill every inch of her 38DD bra. Nicole considers herself a large woman, however, I do not see her that way at all. Perhaps I am biased, as I get to make love to this lovely creature...

I walked into our bedroom and Nicole was standing there naked with a towel wrapped around her head. She had just taken a shower when I arrived home. God, she looked so delicious. I went up to her from behind and cupped her breasts and kissed the back of her neck. She smiled and pressed her sexy ass into my crotch. Her hands went to my hips and pulled me against her as I stood behind her holding her breasts in my hand.

"Go take a shower," she said. She turned and faced me and kissed me and my hands slid around to her backside and down to her ass. I pulled her closer to me and kissed her again and said, "that sounds like a good idea."

As I was in the shower, I decided that tonight, I would give Nicole the loving she so deserved. Nicole is a born cock sucker and cum drinker. She can not get enough at times. I am very lucky to have her in my life and bed. Many a times, her only meal would be my cum. Now if that doesn't make a man proud in the bedroom, I don't know what will. The thought of her sucking on me and drinking my cum made my cock rise to full attention, but I dared not touch myself as I showered and rinsed. My cock did not go down, for it had a mind of its own now. I dried off and walked into our bedroom with my cock leading the way.

There on the bed was Nicole, still naked. However, her hand was between her legs as she was masturbating slowly and her eyes were closed. I decided to watch for the moment. She was beginning to lift her hips a little to add to the pressure of her fingers on her clit and pussy. God she looked so beautiful. I began to stroke my cock as I looked at her. She suddenly opened her eyes and looked over at me. I smiled and stopped masturbating. She took her hand from her pussy and motioned for me to come and join her. The moistness was clearly visible on her fingers and hand.

Upon reaching the edge of the bed she rolled towards me and her hand reached out and grabbed my hard cock. She held it steady and began licking my cock head. I was in heaven as her tongue bathed my cock head. She deliberately stuck her tongue in my cum slit and started going in and out as if fucking it. Then she engulfed my cock in one motion and my hands grabbed the back of her head. She moaned as I filled her mouth and throat with my cock. 

I groaned at the feeling of the warmth and wetness of her mouth surrounding me. I began to thrust into her and she was giving me a world class blow job. She started to gag a few times as I got carried away, so she rolled onto her back, making sure my cock stayed in her mouth. It was difficult but I managed to go with her and not let my cock slip from her loving mouth. I could now thrust away and down her throat without gagging her. With her head over the side of the bed her throat was nice and straight for my raging cock.

I massaged her breasts and pinched her nipple. (In my last story I told you I would explain the one nipple thing here. She has one nipple on her right breast and the left nipple is inverted. There is a slight indentation where it should be. It is very sensitive to be pinched, licked and chewed upon. You can even feel the nipple and this is her most sensitive nipple of the two. I will use the plural nipples as she receives pleasure from both, though the one is inverted, from here on out.) 

My other hand fingered her inverted nipple and pinched it and she moaned. As I continued to thrust into her mouth, I could feel my ball sack hitting her nose as I entered deeply into her mouth and at times I would hold myself deep in her throat and feel her breath on my balls. Nicole then grabbed my ass and pulled and pushed me away. I knew she wanted my cum now and so I began to fuck her mouth like a pussy.

As I slammed into her mouth and continued to manipulate her nipples and breasts, she reached down and started masturbating with her legs spread wide apart. I could not take it. "I am going to fill your belly with my seed!" She moaned and rubbed her pussy harder. Just as my climax was nearing I pinched on her nipples and pulled them up away from her body. 

"FUCK, DRINK MY CUMMMM!!!!!" Her fingers disappeared into her pussy and my body lunged forward. I was buried deep into her throat as the first explosion of my seed traveled out of my cock and into her mouth. I was draining my load into the woman I love and she was swallowing hard to get it all. I pulled my spent cock from her mouth and my cum trickled out and onto her nose and forehead. She was gasping as I had remained buried in her throat a bit too long. I took my saliva and cum covered cock and rubbed it on her face and shivered at the intensity of my climax. 

When Nicole was able to speak she asked if I liked her blow job. Of course I kissed her deeply tasting my cum on her tongue and smelling it on her breath. She moaned as I kissed her deeply and passionately. I told her, "I love you with all my heart and soul." She smiled and said, "I love you more than anything." We kissed again and as we did so, I knew I was the luckiest man in the world to have found such a wonderful woman. I kissed her lips, nose, forehead, cheek, and both eye lids.

Her full breasts rise and fall with anticipation of what is to come. As we lay together she is stroking my wet cock and it is rising again in her loving hands. I now kiss her neck and work my way to her earlobes, licking her ears she shudders and I leave a trail of wet kisses down the side of her throat.

I cup her left breast, massage it and push up to my hungry mouth. Her hand caresses the back of my head and her left hand cups her breast now to feed me her inverted nipple. My tongue presses deeply into her flesh and she moans aloud. I suck hard and pull her nipple into my mouth and bite down on the flesh and inverted nipple. She pushes my face against her chest and is moving about. I pull the entire breast away from her body with my mouth and then when it reaches the point of no more, I release it and watch it fall back into place. 

Her hand quickly cups the underside of her breast and lifts it to me in offering. She rolls the wet inverted nipple roughly between her fingers, as our mouths come together in a loving kiss. Not wanting to leave her loving mouth I kiss and suckle her left nipple once more and then kiss my way over to her breastbone and lick her there. She cups her right breast and offers me her eraser size nipple to my hungry mouth. I watch her as she pinches and pulls on her nipple telling me to, "suck it." I eagerly apply my mouth to her hard nipple and suck her and bite her. She moans and again pushes my face into her full breast. 

While I am sucking on her right nipple and biting her to arousal, my right hand has snaked its way down to her right inner thigh area and I begin to rub her gently as I suckle her nipple. She responds by spreading her legs willingly and even plays with her pussy briefly. A finger dipping into her moistness and then tracing her hard clit, raising the wet finger to her mouth, she sucks on it. 

I release her nipple and place my hand on her inner right thigh at the juncture of leg and pussy and rub her several times as she rolls her hip around hoping to get me to touch, rub, finger her pussy. I smile and kiss her full on the lips and taste her pussy juice she just suckled from her finger. I kiss my way down her body from her lips, between her breasts to her belly, licking her belly button a few times and finally my head is between her legs looking at her wet pussy.

Nicole positioned on the pillows was in a perfect line to watch my tongue work on her treasure box of pleasure. Her legs spread wide and her pussy opened to my hungry mouth. I smiled at her and she caressed my hair and then the side of my face with her hand. I lowered my mouth to the flesh that joins her leg to her pussy and licked and sucked it. The aroma of her pussy was intoxicating and she sighed as my mouth worked so closely to where she desired it to be. I then moved to the other juncture and repeated the process and she once more sighed. My tongue traced the outer lips of her pussy and I could taste the sweetness of her nectar on her flesh. With her recently shaving her pussy lips smooth, except on top, I was able to taste her flesh directly and thus provide her with a more sensual experience with my tongue.

As my tongue traced her outer pussy lips, she reached down and spread her pussy open and I smiled. She was hot and wanted me to skip the teasing and go directly at bringing her to climax. I flattened my tongue out and in a broad stroke licked from the base of her pussy up her lips and across her clit. She moaned aloud and continued to hold her pussy open with her fingers for me. I licked again as if I were lapping at water in a desert after a 40 mile march in 100 degree heat. Her hips would rise and fall in undulation as I licked her. She let go of her pussy lips and began to rock her hips harder against my lapping tongue.

The lips would spread apart as I stroked my tongue across her pussy, then suddenly she grabbed my head and forced it against her pussy hard. I had not even sucked on her clit and she was cumming hard and fast and rocked her pussy against my mouth, tongue and nose as she screamed and shuddered. Her fluid flowed out of her and I drank her essence. God, she tasted so good. When she was done and let my head go, she laid back and was breathing fast. I slowly licked her outer lips and her legs trembled. She was very sensitive at this point.

Knowing that she was very sensitive I avoided her clit and focused on drinking her cum as it leaked out of her pussy. After a few minutes of kissing her around her pussy and lapping up her cum, I moved my mouth up to her clit. Gently I licked her clit and brought it back out to play with. She moaned and held my head in her hands. There was no resistance only a light pressure of her hands on my head. I sucked her clit into my mouth and let my lips suckle it and let it go. She shuddered and her belly tightened. I smiled inwardly and repeated this again, only this time, I sucked in her clit and held it in my mouth and started suckling like a baby on it. 

Her stomach convulsed, then knotted. Her legs were shaking, her breasts heaving and her head rolled side to side. Every time I sucked inward on her clit, her stomach would crunch and she would grunt and when I released her clit her stomach would relax and she would sigh. I went from sucking her clit to lick, alternating from one form to the other. Her hips were lifting up as I drove her up the mountain again. An "Oh, God!" and an occasionally "suck it" was uttered from her and so I would intensify my oral activities to pleasure my love. When I saw her stomach rising and falling and her breathing rapidly increasing, I knew it was time. 

My mouth latched onto her clit and sucked it in deeply. I began licking it hard and sucking it like it was a nipple that would give me nourishment. She was shaking hard now and screaming, "Oh, God, suck me! Make me cum. OH, YES!" Her legs were spread wide and shaking, her body was in convulsions, her back arched as she drove her pussy into my mouth. "Oh, FFFFUUUUCCCCCKKKKK!" "Oh, GGGOOODDD!" "YYyyyeesssss!" and she exploded. Her body was flailing and her tits bouncing everywhere. Her head rolled from side to side, her stomach knotted and her legs closed around my head. I continued to suck on her clit and pussy as she climaxed. She would come down from one and begin another. 

This is one thing I love about her, she is a multiple and loves it when I allow them to come in succession. And come they did, after about her fifth time of "Oh, God!" I thought she might need to come down. I slowly reduced my suction on her clit and her body shuddered as it was racked with explosions of pleasure still coursing through her veins and nerve endings. She cupped her breasts and was pulling on her nipples and shuddering as I lapped up her cum dripping out of her open pussy. I swallowed and could not believe how wet she was.

My cock was rock hard. I pulled away from her pussy and worked my way up to be positioned over her. She immediately grabbed my cock. "Fuck me. I am your whore, fuck me and cum inside my pussy." I was not going to deny the love of my life and sank deeply into her wet pussy. Her eyes flew open and she grabbed my ass and held me in place as she shuddered, "Oh, God!" 

I leaned down to kiss her and she licked my chin and mouth clean of her fluids from her climax. I could not move my hips as she held me so tightly and kept shaking. Her clit was rubbing against me and sending shock waves through her body. She began lifting her hips rapidly up and down and rotating them in a circular motion. I just pressed into her harder and rubbed her cervix with the tip of my cock and she went wild. My cum was boiling and she was going faster and faster and I slowly pulled away only to have her pull me back hard against her and hold me in place. 

Her cervix kept rubbing my cock head and I could not take the pleasure any longer of her gyrations and oral commentary. "Do you like having your cock in my wet pussy?" "Do you like me fucking your cock?" 

"Yes, fuck my pussy with your cock." 

"Do you want to cum in my pussy?" 

"I want you to cum in my pussy and make it all wet." A man can only take so much and the feelings coupled with the dialogue sent me over the edge. I began to shudder hard, my head rolled back and I pressed her firmly into the bed. "Yes, shoot your cum deep inside of me, send your seed into my body where it belongs!" 

"Do it now! Let it Go!" Let it go, I did. I filled her pussy and she felt it hit her cervix which was the final straw as she bucked hard and orgasmed again. I nearly slipped out during her orgasm it rocked her so hard.

I pulled out and Nicole quickly got up and grabbed my cum covered cock and sucked on it. I was screaming, "no, no, too sensitive" but she didn't care she wanted my cum and she cleaned my cock up. I told her that I loved her dearly and that no man could ask for a better lover or friend. She smiled and reached between her legs and scooped out more cum from her pussy. She offered it to me and I drank it down. She wiped it on m chin and kissed my chin. She scooped some more out and drank it herself. 

Maybe next time you can eat your cum out of my pussy? Man I love you Nicole.