 In out, in out, in out, in out. 

That's all I could think about for the next few days. Gale and I had hooked up in the bathroom during a party and the sex lasted about a minute. Maybe. I had been avoiding him ever since. 

I walked down to the kitchen that morning and noticed the house was incredibly quiet. After I grabbed the carton of orange juice I saw the note hanging on the fridge. 

"Couldn't wake you up sleepy head. Family is going out on the boat today. Gale is at the house too. Don't forget the rehearsal dinner is tomorrow night and you need to buy a dress. Love mom."

I sighed. 

When I turned around he was standing there in his boxers without a shirt on. I rolled my eyes. 

"What's up?"

"Everyone's gone for the day." I walked past him to grab a cup, barely grazing his arm with mine. 

"Sounds like we can have a lot of fun then." Gale grabbed my hips from behind and pulled me in towards him. He slowly kissed the side of my neck and I involuntarily let out a small moan. I felt his hands moving up, slowly tracing the contours of my body. 

"Stop." I pulled away from him and turned around. 

He was smiling and stopped when he noticed the look on my face. 

"What's wrong."

"You." I poured the juice in the cup and walked past him to return the carton to the fridge, avoiding making contact with him. 

"Nicole." He grabbed my forearm when I tried to walk past him again. "What is the problem?" He was searching my eyes trying to detect what he had done wrong, like he didn't already know. 

"You can't be serious." I felt myself roll my eyes yet again. 

"If this is about the party-"

"Ding Ding Ding we have a winner!" I laughed and he was still staring at me, holding my arm. "Let go of me." I jerked my arm away from him, spilling my juice in the process.

I sighed and searched the room for paper towels. I finally spotted them directly behind Gale. 

"Move." I tried to grab them but he blocked my way. 

"We need to talk about this." He was staring into my eyes again. I hated it. 

I finally snapped. "There's nothing to talk about you asshole! You had your fun. You had sex with a girl who is less than half your age, congratulations you win the award for most original midlife crisis!" 

Gale was just standing there looking at me. I had no idea what to do so I said the most obvious thing, "I need to clean the orange juice up." He was still looking at me, but now he folded his arms and sighed. 

"I still don't know what the problem is."

"Are you that stupid?" 

He was still staring at me. I dropped my eyes to stare at the mess on the floor. Hoping he would stop trying to make eye contact with me. We stood there for a minute, neither one of us making a sound. 

Finally I broke the silence. "I'm mad because of how you treated me at the party." I still refused to make eye contact with him. I grabbed the paper towels and wiped up the spilt juice. 

"How I treated you at the party or in the bathroom?"

"Bathroom." I walked over to the sink and wet a towel to make sure the floor wouldn't be sticky. I dropped to my knees and began scrubbing the floor. 

"I know I was a little trigger happy but come on Nicole it happens." He paused for a second. "No pun intended."

If it had been normal circumstances I would have smiled, but it wasn't and I was still angry. I finally looked up and met his eyes. "If I had wanted someone to last a whopping sixty seconds I would have gone to any one of the dozens of teenage guys who want me. I could literally have almost any guy I want and we both know it. I could have had James at the party and I'm sure it would have been better. All you did was masturbate with me like any other guy could have. You didn't give a shit about my needs." I paused and waited for his response. 

"I'm sorry. I just thought you weren't really into it at the party and-"

I cut him off, "And why does it qualify as sex if only the guy has an orgasm? It's the 21st century for crying out loud. Women have the right to vote, but not the right to cum."

"I didn't." Gale uncrossed his arms. 

"You didn't what Gale."

"I didn't have an orgasm. You looked really uncomfortable pinned against the wall and you were completely dry and I just stopped. I didn't want you to be mad so I faked it." 

It was my turn to stare at him now. "You. I'm. I didn't know." I had no idea what to say. 

"Is everything settled now?"

"I'm sorry I'm a bitch." 

"It's okay." He was smiling now. "I knew what I was getting into. But I'm definitely going to have to punish you for that little comment about James." 

I smiled, suddenly becoming aware that I was on my knees in front of him. I crawled over to Gale and he grabbed a handful of my hair, forcing me to look up at him. 

"Are you sorry for what you said?"

"Yes, sir." I moved my hand up to rest against the waistband of his boxers. 

"Are you going to show me how sorry you are?"

"Yes, sir."

"How?"

I looked at the boxers and saw the obvious bulge straining to be released. I moved closer and rubbed my hand up and down feeling the outline of his dick. Finally I stopped and slowly pulled down the waistband, freeing his cock. Pre-cum slowly beginning to run down the head. I moved towards his cock with my mouth open and then froze. I had never tasted his cock or anyone's before. 

"Don't stop." Gale was looking down at me. He still had his hand tangled in my hair but wasn't pulling me towards him. 

I moved as close to his cock as possible without actually touching it and took a deep breath. I started at the base and licked up to the tip of the head. I stretched my mouth open as wide as possible to engulf the head in my mouth and I tasted his pre-cum. It was sweeter than I thought it would be. I looked up at Gale and smiled. 

I swirled my tongue around his head a few times and put my hand around the base of his cock. I moved up and down a few times before I got the hang of it. I had my hand at the base of my mouth and whatever movements I made my hand followed. I felt the saliva building up in my mouth and pulled away. There was a trail of spit and pre-cum between my mouth and his cock. I looked up at him.

"Am I doing okay?" I asked in the most innocent voice I could muster while batting my eyes at him. 

"You're doing very good." Gale took his other hand and stroked my cheek.

I moved back towards his glistening cock. I realized that I hadn't even touched his balls yet. I stuck my tongue out and licked the outline of his balls while moving my hand up and down his shaft. He let out a moan and thrust his head back. I continued moving my hand up and down while I took one of his testicles into my mouth very gently, I knew how sensitive guys were. I let my tongue slowly dance across the skin. I moved to the next one and continued this motion. 

Finally I moved back to his cock. There was more pre-cum then I thought possible at this point. I teased his head again and he grabbed my hair. Slowly he brought me down his shaft. I took in as much as I could and he hit the back of my throat. I gagged and he let up. He had both of his hands tangled in my hair now and was guiding me up and down his shaft. I had one of my hands stroking his balls and the other one wrapped around his thigh slightly squeezing him. 

He hit the back of my throat again and I moaned around his cock. He moved faster now testing to see my limits. He hit the back of my throat again but this time he kept going. I gagged again and pushed my head away from the cock inside my mouth. I looked him in the eye and he realized I couldn't go any farther. He let one of his hands fall free from my hair. I was in control again. 

I moaned again while I was bobbing up and down. I realized my jaw was starting to ache. All of a sudden he stopped and quickly took a step back from me. He started pumping his cock with his hand. I moved in towards him again. 

"What are you doing?" He looked down at me.

I didn't answer. Instead I opened my mouth and replaced his hand with my own. I started pumping his cock as fast as possible and looked up at him while I did this. I heard him grunt and I felt the first spurt of his cum land on my tongue. I was taken aback by the taste because of how different it was from his pre-cum. It was much thicker and saltier. I continued pumping until he had finished. I swallowed his cum and showed him my clean tongue. 

He stroked my cheek again. He pulled his boxers back up and kissed me. I was surprised considering what had just been in my mouth. I stood up and Gale lifted me up over his shoulder. 

"What are you doing?" I half asked and half giggled as he walked to the living room. That was when the doorbell rang. Gale sighed and walked over to the door. He put me down and opened the door with an annoyed look on his face. 

"Can I help you?"

"Yeah actually I was wondering if Nicole was here?" I rolled my eyes because I immediately recognized the voice. It was James. 

"Yeah. I'll go get her." Gale closed the door in his face and I just stood there. 

"Your boyfriend is here." Gale smirked at me before he walked to the kitchen.

I opened the door and James was standing there in basketball shorts and a t-shirt. I immediately looked at the writing on the t-shirt and I took a step back. 

He looked down to see what I was so upset about and he smiled. "Yeah I go to Brown, surprising right?"

"I'm going there." I narrowed my eyes at him and he smiled.

"Really? It's a great school. The people there are really relaxed and I bet I could get you into my fraternity. It's coed and I'm sure you'd really like it." 

I stood there staring at him for a few more seconds. "What do you want?" 

"There's going to be a bonfire on the beach tonight and-"

"There's always a bonfire on the beach," I cut him off. 

"AND I was wondering if you wanted to go with me." He looked at me and I caught him take a glance at my chest. Quickly I crossed my arms realizing I was only wearing a tank top and no bra. 

"Some people from school are going to be there."

"I'll go, but I want to make it clear that I'm not going with you." 

"Okay. I'll pick you up at 8:30," he winked and walked away before I could say anything. 

I closed the door behind me and Gale was standing there. "He seems nice." 

"Yeah he's really friendly." 

Gale and I looked at each other and both of us laughed at the same time. Gale walked towards me again and looked me dead in the eye, "It's time for your punishment." He picked my up again and walked towards the coach in the living room. 

"What are you going to do to me?"

Gale did not say a word. Instead he sat down and threw me over his lap. The upper part of my body was hanging over the side of the couch. I felt Gale slowly massaging my butt cheeks and just then I realized what was about to happen. That was when he landed the first blow. I heard a deafening smack as a stroke of heat flew across my right cheek. I let out a scream and another blow landed on my left cheek this time. 

He pulled my pajama pants down and moved my g-string to the side. He stroked the outside of my pussy with his entire hand. He dipped two fingers in me and chuckled. 

"I wonder what this is from." He pulled his fingers out of me. 

I stared at the floor and I felt another hard smack on my ass. I dug my fingernails into his thigh and he growled at me. He resumed the motion alternating between each cheek. I laid there and felt every stroke he made. My ass felt like it was on fire and with each new smack I let out a moan. I felt the wetness growing between my legs. Every smack sent a shock wave directly to my pussy. I was positive my backside was covered in bruises by now. 

Gale stopped and without thinking I let out a moan of disappointment. 

He chuckled again and pulled my g-string down. He stuck the same two fingers in me with ease this time. 

"I knew you would like that."

I felt him begin to work his fingers in and out of my wet pussy. He hit the perfect spot and I yelled. I wanted to be loud while we had the house to ourselves. 

Gale stopped for a moment to flip me over. I let out a yelp as my ass hit the couch. I had my knees bent together and Gale was sitting at the base of my feet. 

He peeled my bottoms and underwear off finally. I stared at him for a moment and slowly moved my knees apart allowing him access to my pussy. He stuck his fingers inside me again and started to pump. I was thrusting my hips to meet the small movements of his hands. I was grabbed my nipples and started to tease the sensitive nubs through my shirt. 

"That feels so fucking good!" I looked up at him and he smiled at me. 

"I bet you love having me finger fuck you in the living room your entire family was sitting in last night don't you." 

I didn't respond. Gale was hitting my g-spot and I grabbed his arm. I dug my nails into him and let out a loud squeal. I felt the liquid start shooting out of me and I lost all focus. The only things that existed to me were Gale's fingers and the pleasure they were inflicting on me. I felt myself holding my breath and I squirmed under his touch. 

He quickly moved his fingers away and I saw the liquid hit his leg. I moved my hands away from my nipples and sat up, focusing on Gale's face. 

He was looking off into the distance and I immediately turned around. Over the fence I could see James. He was with a girl and she was about to pull off her bikini top. He was lying beside his pool and the girl was on top of him. 

I felt Gale's hand on my cheek and he turned me away from the scene. 

"You're blushing."

"No, I'm not." I could feel myself blushing now.

"Does it turn you on?" 

"What?"

"Watching them." Gale pointed out the window and I turned back around. The girl was on top of James still but now he had his pants off. They weren't fucking yet, just making out. 

I turned back to Gale. He was looking at me waiting for a response. 

"No." 

"Liar."

I leaned in towards him. Slowly I brushed my lips against his ear and whispered, "You turn me on." I made sure that my nipples were pressed against his chest when I said this. 

I felt his hands begin to travel up my back. I began to make a small trail of kisses across his jaw line. 

He repositioned himself so his back was against the couch and as gently as possible he brought me with him. I felt myself wince as he touched my raw ass but made sure not to let him see. I looked down to see if he was hard yet. I saw the outline of his erection, but he wasn't fully hard. 

I crawled down off the couch while kissing his chest, stomach, and hips. I pulled his shorts off for the second time that day. I grabbed his cock and slowly started pumping. 

It only took a few strokes before he was completely hard. "Get back up here," he grabbed my arms and pulled me in towards him. 

He pulled at my tank top and I lifted my arms. He threw it behind the couch and he pulled me in towards him. 

His lips finally met mine as I started grinding against his hard cock. I felt the stubble of his upper lip where he had not shaved this morning. I felt his fingertips slowly tracing circles across the small of my back. Finally I felt him grab his cock and press it against my opening. I immediately snapped back to reality. 

"Condom." 

"Why." It wasn't a question but rather a statement on his part. 

"I'm not getting pregnant." 

"You're wearing a birth control patch on the inside of your arm." 

"It's an extra precaution."

He sighed and ducked his head between my shoulder and neck. He started kissing the sensitive area and I moaned. I felt his hand fumbling under a pillow on the side of the couch and he brought out a condom. I didn't feel the need to question him at this point. 

"You do it." He handed the condom to me. 

I ripped it open with my teeth like I had seen Gale do so many times. His eyes were gleaming as I took it out of the package and slid it over his waiting cock.

Once again he pressed against my opening. I couldn't help but look over at James and the girl. James was going down on her. Gale followed my gaze and all at once thrusted inside of me. I screamed at the sudden invasion and arched my back. 

Gale pulled out and I was now hovering just above his dick. I threw myself over his shoulder and the back of the couch. He grabbed my hips slowly bringing me down on his cock again. He started a rhythm and began to move faster. 

With every stroke I hear myself gasp and moan. 

We were moving together in unison, desperately fighting one another for control. I heard his ragged breathing in my ear. He was digging his fingers into my legs and back. I felt myself squeezing his cock with every stroke. 

Gale moved one of his hands and cupped my breast. He slowly rubbed his thumb across my areola making sure not to make contact with my sensitive nipple. 

I felt my engorged clit rubbing against him as he slid into me. 

"I love your big cock ramming into my pussy." I whispered in his ear between moans. 

"I love your tight little pussy trying to take all of my big cock."

We were both moving faster now. I felt the bubble building in my clit and suddenly it popped. I felt the euphoric feel run over my body as my entire pussy clenched around Gale's cock. 

He stopped moving and lets me feel the rush overcome my body as I arched my back. I grabbed onto his shoulders and screamed. I love the sound of my voice echoing through the big empty house. 

When I subsided from the orgasm my pussy craved more. I began riding Gale again. With every thrust he made I could feel another orgasm approaching. 

The house now echoed with the sound of our pelvises slapping together. I had slid down the entire length of his cock and felt his balls hit my asshole.

I met Gale's eyes. "Fuck me harder."

I threw my arms around his neck. Our mouths met in a feverish passion as our groins collided. I felt my tits bouncing as Gale rolled one between his thumb and finger. I was letting out sounds of complete and utter ecstasy with his mouth glued to mine. 

I felt my pussy clamp around his cock. In those few seconds my pussy felt like it was on fire. The heat that had only been in my pussy before now ran over the course of my entire body. I clawed at Gale's chest as I felt my pussy try to milk his cock. After a minute my orgasm stopped. 

Gale was still hard and hadn't cum yet. I wanted to get him off like he had just done for me. I started rocking up and down on his cock when he grabbed my hips again. I heard a small moan escape his lips as he brought me down hard on his dick. I pushed against him and tightened my pussy around his shaft. I continued the same pace as I felt his cock begin to spasm inside of me. 

He let out a gasp and continued pumping in me. When he was finished he slowly pulled his cock out of me. I put my head against his shoulder and he started rubbing my back. 

"I hope you start punishing me more often," I whispered in his ear.