 Bang! I heard the noise of a car door slamming and jolted awake. Gale moved his arm but was still fast asleep beside me. I grabbed the blankets from my bed and wrapped them around me before running to my window to see who was here. I peeked out from behind the curtains and saw our maid Rose carrying my dry cleaning.

"Gale get up!" I ran next to him and started shaking him. "Wake up you idiot, wake up!"

He finally opened his eyes and looked at me, "Good morning, you look lovely." He was grinning and was only half awake. 

"Rose is here! You need to get out!" I was desperately trying to pull him out of the haze he was in before we got caught. 

"Shit." Gale finally fully understood the situation and bolted up. He grabbed his shorts and ran out of my room. I heard the front door open just as Gale closed the door to the guest bedroom.

I pulled on my robe and jumped back into bed before Rose got to my bedroom. Then I spotted the condom sitting at the top of my trashcan. I ran to my desk, grabbed three tissues from the box, and placed them over the condom just as my door was being opened. 

"Good morning sweetie. What are you doing up so early? Was that Gale's car I saw outside?" Rose was beaming at me oblivious to my obviously red cheeks. 

"Yeah, Gale stayed the night. I had trouble sleeping." At least it wasn't a total lie. 

"I'm going to make breakfast. Wake Gale up and here's your clothes." 

"Thanks," I took the dry cleaning from her and breathed a sigh of relief after she had left. I put the clean clothes in my closet and pulled out a pair of jeans and a purple shirt with ruffles. I pulled on the clothes and went to the bathroom to brush my hair and teeth. 

"Hurry up!" I heard Rose yell from the bottom of the stairs. 

I made my way to the guest bedroom and opened the door just in time to see Gale buttoning his shirt. 

"Hey," I had no idea what to say and internally scoffed at myself for saying hey. 

Gale just looked at me and smiled. He walked across the room and quietly shut the door behind me. "That was close." He kissed me and snaked his hands around my waist. 

"Get down here now! It's getting cold!" Rose yelled again.

I broke the kiss and opened the door. I felt Gale follow me down the stairs and we went to the kitchen. 

"Finally. Eat." Rose turned her back to us and began the dishes. 

"Yum. Omelets are my favorite. You really shouldn't have Rose," Gale was sucking up to Rose as usual. 

"No, I really shouldn't have for you. You're a grown man Gale you can make your own breakfast." 

"I love the way you spoil me Rosie." 

"Would anyone care to tell me why Gale stayed the night?" Rose turned around and looked at the two of us.

"We drank some wine with dinner and Nicole thought I had too much to safely drive home," I really hoped she was buying it. It was the truth after all. 

Rose rolled her eyes and turned around. Gale put his hand on my thigh and winked at me. I finished my omelet and walked over to the sink next to Rose.

"Rose you don't have to come by all week just to feed me. I'll be fine."

"I'm not here just for that," Rose was laughing. "Your parents want me to make sure you don't throw any wild parties!"

"That was one time!" I recalled the boisterous party I had last summer.

"One time too many!" Rose turned around again still laughing. 

"I really should be going. I have to get to the office," Gale put his dish in the sink. "Seriously Rose thanks, I haven't had a homemade omelet in months." He kissed her on the side of the cheek and made his way to the door. 

"I'll walk you out," I quickly fell in step behind him. 

He walked to his car without a word. "I can't come by for the rest of the week." He looked down at me and I saw the curtain move in my peripheral vision. 

"Rose is watching us right now," I said while moving my lips as little as possible. 

"I figured. She's going to keep watching us to make sure nothing's going on. I'll see you when your parents get back in town."

"I could come to your place." 

"No. Keith has a camera pointed at the front door to see when you leave. I gotta go. He's been checking your phone calls and text lately too. Bye." Gale closed his door and drove off.

I walked back to the front door and looked around for the supposed camera and spotted it in the corner of the porch. I was surprised I had never noticed before.

The next week of my life was more boring than usual. I went to the mall with a few friends but that was the extent of my social life. I was also much hornier than usual and extremely frustrated. Finally Friday rolled around and I went to pick up my parents at the airport. 

I spotted my mom first and noticed she had a dark tan. "Hi Nicole!" My mom grabbed me into a bear hug and squeezed me extremely hard. 

"Hey guys. How was Nashville?" I asked my mom as my dad appeared at her side carrying their luggage. 

"It was fabulous," my mom said smiling.

"It was boring," my dad said. I noticed his sunburn and couldn't help laughing. "I need to go to the office."

We walked to the car and I drove my dad and mom to his office. "You want to hang out with your old man today?" My dad was smiling at me with a hopeful look in his eye. 

"Sure," I didn't have anything better to do with my day.

"Okay. You can drive the car home Liz and I'll have Gale drive us home."

"We have that company dinner tonight at eight," my mom said to my dad winking at him. 

"See you later!" My dad yelled to my mom as she drove away. 

We walked to the elevator and I could feel the butterflies building in my stomach. I couldn't wait to see Gale. 

"I'm not going to be able to keep you entertained all day, I have a lot of work to do. You can probably get away with annoying Gale for a little while though," my dad turned to me as the elevator doors opened and smiled. 

"Whatever," I didn't want him to know how excited I was at the thought of spending the entire day with Gale. 

"Well you could file stuff is you want. I'm sure Mike's screwed something up since I've been gone," my dad was referring to his dimwitted secretary. 

"No, Gale's pretty cool." I followed my dad off the elevator towards the back of the floor. 

"Good morning Mr. Robinson," Gale secretary Cindy beamed at my dad. "Good morning Nicole," her face suddenly turned darker. 

"Hey girl!" I said trying to sound as annoying as possible. 

"I'm unloading Nicole on Gale for a few hours Cindy." 

"Of course, have a good day you two." Bitch. 

We walked over to Gale's office and my dad knocked on the door. "Come in," Gale said from behind the door. 

My dad opened the door and Gale's face when he saw the two of us was priceless. "What's up?" Gale asked my dad looking alarmed. 

"Nicole's here for the day and I have a lot to do. She's yours for the next few hours." My dad practically shoved me into the room and closed the door. 

"Does he know anything?" Gale looked at me.

"Do you think you would still be alive if he did?" 

I walked around his desk and kissed him. He turned his chair and I sat down on his lap. I felt him harden and wanted him right then. I locked my arms around his neck and ground my pussy into his growing thickness. 

"I missed you," I whispered in his ear as he sent kisses down my neck to my collarbone. 

His phone started ringing and he stopped what he was doing. He slowly reached over me and put it on speaker. "What is it Cindy?" There was an obvious hint of annoyance in his voice.

"Mr. Kinney there is a gentleman from Speak here to see you."

"Send him in." Gale ushered me off of him and I sat down in one of the chairs opposite his desk while he started typing something into his computer. 

There was a knock on the door, "Come in," Gale still looked extremely annoyed and I was very aware of the growing wet spot in my panties. 

"Oh Mr. Nolan," Gale stood up to shake the man's hand, "Please have a seat."

"Who is this beautiful young lady?" Mr. Nolan asked Gale. 

"This is Keith Robinson's daughter," Gale looked over at me while wearing his fake smile. 

"Pleased to meet you," I extended my hand to the man and instead of shaking it he slowly kissed it. 

"The pleasures all mine," the man winked at me and I blushed. 

"Nicole would you mind running across the street and getting us a couple coffees?" I took the hint that Gale wanted to speak to the man alone. 

"No problem."

"Hold on," Gale stood up and handed me his credit card. "Get me a large Americano. Would you like anything?" Gale asked Mr. Nolan.

"A medium espresso would be great," he smiled back at me and winked. 

"Okay. I'll be back in a few minutes." I walked out of his office and was heading towards the elevator when Cindy stopped me. 

"Nicole you look great today. Is that a new Coach bag?" She was smiling at me and I wanted to peel off every inch of skin that I saw her eyes look at. 

"No. I actually got it in December."

"Oh, well I love it!"

"I have to go." I kept walking and I could feel her eyes on the back of my neck. I pushed the button for the first floor and hummed along to the music during the descent. 

"Hey girl!" My best friend Ashley was working today.

"Hey!" I ran behind the counter and hugged her. No one was in the store so it didn't matter. 

"You look different, maybe even glowing?" Ashley looked at me and knew something was up. 

"I'll tell you everything while you make my order." I repeated the order to her and got a vanilla frappuccino for myself. Then I filled her in on what had happened over the past few days. 

"That is so hot!" Ashley said after I relayed everything to her.

"I know! But seriously I have no idea what I'm going to do if my parents find out."

"They won't. Your parents trust you. Now go back up there!" Ashley was almost as excited about everything as me. 

I walked out the door and upon arriving on the top floor went directly to Gale's office. 

"I don't care if you liked think we should have bought the business there were too many personal conflicts involved!" Gale was screaming on the other side of the door. 

"What kind of personal conflicts?" Mr. Nolan remained calm while he asked the question. 

"I'm not at liberty to discuss them," Gale ended that part of the conversation. 

I knocked on the door while walking into the office. "Here's your drinks," I did my best to smile while I handed each of them their order and gave Gale his credit card back. 

They both thanked me and began discussing business aspects that I was completely uninterested in. Finally after 20 minutes they said their goodbyes and I was alone with Gale again. 

"That was fun," I could hear the sarcasm flowing from my mouth as Gale closed the door.

"Yeah, it was great," Gale looked stressed and I knew I could distract him. 

He sat back down in his seat and I walked over to him to pick up where we had left off. I sat on his lap and curled my arms around his neck again. "We could get caught," Gale looked at me and I felt him stiffen against my thigh for the second time that day.

"We might, but isn't that the exciting part?" I knew I had him.

He sat me on his desk and stood up. He slowly unbuttoned my shirt and undid the clasp on my bra while trailing kisses over my neck. I unzipped his pants but he stopped me before I could touch his cock. 

"Not yet," he whispered in my ear. He put his hand on each side of my skirt and hiked it up revealing my skimpy black thong. He traced his finger up and done my slit pausing before he touched my clit. Finally after what seemed like an eternity he pulled my thong aside and pushed two fingers in me. I felt him expertly curve his fingers inside me and hit my g-spot. I let out a moan and he quickly covered my mouth with his free hand. 

"Be quiet," he hissed at me and removed his hand. His thumb found my clit and he slowly moved in a circular motion around it while pumping his two fingers in me. I was trying my best not to make any noise and finally rested my head against his shoulder hoping his suit would stifle my small moans. 

I felt the bubble building in my clit again and I stopped his hand. "Fuck me now," I looked into his eyes with pure lust. 

In one swift motion he pulled me off the desk and flipped me so I was facing the door. I heard him ripping the condom wrapper open behind me and paced myself for his invasion. He spread my legs farther apart and laid me down so my chest and torso were against the desk. 

I felt him prodding at my opening and I felt my juices running down my thighs. "Gale please," I turned back and looked him in the eye. He held my gaze and with one thrust filled me. I pushed my face against the desk to keep from moaning as he pumped in and out of me. My nipples were hard against the cool desk and with each thrust Gale made they were dragged across it. Each time they moved a shock was sent straight to my clit and I craved more. I dragged my nails across his desk as the incredible feelings I was experiencing overtook me. He kept pumping into me. With every thrust I felt whole and when he withdrew I craved the whole feeling. I couldn't take it anymore. I stuck my hand down and started rubbing my clit again begging my own body for a release. 

Gale moved my hand and pinned my arm behind me. I whimpered desperately needing an orgasm. He took his other hand and started rubbing my engorged clit hard and fast. I felt my orgasm building and knew I was about to cum hard. 

He let go of my arm and raised me so I was in a standing position again. I raised my right leg so it was on top of his desk. I felt his cock pulsing inside me and he continued his assault on my clit. I felt my orgasm start and let out a moan before I could stop myself. Gale slammed his hand over my mouth again and kissed the sensitive spot on my neck. I kept moaning and I felt my eyes roll back in my head. Gale continued rubbing me and I became too sensitive but I didn't want it to end. I kept pushing against his hand hoping to hit another peak quickly. 

About a minute later I felt the familiar feeling between my legs and before I knew it I was orgasming again. I felt my abused clit twitch against Gale's finger and I let out another series of moans. This one only lasted about ten second and I had to move Gale's hand. 

He kept filling me and I was loving every second of it. He didn't remove his hand and I was thankful until I heard a knock on the door. We both froze and glanced at the figure outside the frosted window. 

"Who's there?" Gale asked as he pulled out of me and I was left with an empty feeling. I grabbed my blouse and bra and hid under his desk.

"It's Cindy," I heard the annoying voice answer. 

Gale sat down in his seat and I noticed he hadn't pulled up his zipper or taken the condom off. 

"Come in."

"Hey Gale. I wanted to know what time you wanted me at the party tonight? I know you said 7 would be fine, but I was wondering if I needed to get there earlier to make sure everything is set up correctly?"

"I think 7 will be fine Cindy." I couldn't help myself. I grabbed the base of Gale's cock and slowly dragged my tongue along the underside of it. I felt Gale jump in his seat. 

"I just wanted to make sure. I don't want anything to go wrong like it did at the last company party."

I slowly engulfed the head of his cock and swirled my tongue around it. I could feel the taste of my own cunt on it and loved the taste of my own juices. I finally engulfed as much of him as possible and slowly started bobbing my head up and down. 

"Cindy everything will be fine," Gale was talking through gritted teeth. 

"Okay. Oh one more thing, where's Nicole?"

"I think she went to the bathroom. She was getting pretty bored sitting around in here."

I kept bobbing my head up and down and reached inside his boxers to stroke his balls. He stiffened in his seat and I saw the knuckles on his hands turn white while gripping the arms of his chair. 

"Okay. I'll see you later," Cindy walked out of his office.

He pulled his chair back and I kept my mouth on him. I felt him grip my hair in both of his hands and he started guiding me up and down on him. I felt his balls tighten and he let out a groan. The condom started filling with his cum and I looked up at him while continuing to suck him off. Finally he let go of my head and I stood up. 

"That was fun," I said as I looked at his already shrinking member.

"You know I'm going to get you back for that tonight," he looked at me and winked.