 Of course the rest of the flight went as usual. The woman sitting next to Gale came back and ignored him and my parents completely ignored me. 

We finally got to the house around 4 in the afternoon. My uncle came outside to greet us and help with our luggage. He actually looked happy for once in his life. I was so used to him scowling I was shocked to see him smiling. He also looked younger, and I wasn't the only one who had noticed. 

"What did you do to your face?" My mom looked up at her older brother with a grin.

"I know I look amazing," he turned around and winked at me. Then pulled me into a hug. "How's my smart ass, I mean smarty pants niece today?" 

"Good. Where's Anne?"

"She's at the mall, said she wanted you and your mom to come meet her after you got settled."

"Even Hawaii hasn't changed that country accent I see." Gale slapped Don on the back. 

We went into the house and Don showed us our rooms. My mom and dad were on the second floor in the left wing of the house. Gale and I ended up in the right wing, his room was only three doors down from mine. 

Mom and I met Anne at the mall and the guys came later to meet us for dinner. Of course everyone was talking about the wedding that I was dreading. Anne had me try on the bridesmaids dress today, and honestly it wasn't ugly. It was actually a beautiful dress, but of course it was yellow, my most unflattering color. It made me look washed out and even though my hair was not completely blonde it still blended in with the dress. 

When we got back to the house everyone seemed exhausted. They sat around the living room laughing about old times and discussing the members of the family that were arriving tomorrow. I was bored, restless, and needed to walk around. I went upstairs to put on my bathing suit. 

I grabbed the first one I found. It was a black triangle top that made my boobs look fantastic. I grabbed a towel and ran downstairs. 

The first person to notice me was Gale, of course. He looked over at me and I smirked. 

"Oh my god sweetie you look fantastic." Anne was walking over to me with her arms outstretched. "See Don this is the kind of stomach I want." She lifted up her own shirt and stood next to me. 

Her stomach looked great for a woman who was closer to 60 than 50. 

"Age is on her side honey, no surgery can change that."

I knew Gale was still watching me as Anne walked back to her seat. "Be careful out there, that Miller boy is back for the summer and he's no good. Stay away from him." Anne looked at me while she said her warning. 

The Miller boy was James Miller. He was one of the hottest guys I had ever met and he knew it. He honestly looked like he walked out of the pages of a magazine, but he was a total heartbreaker. Ashley lost her virginity to him the last time we were here and the next day he acted like he didn't even know her. She completely fell apart and I hated him for that. I also hated him because I had hooked up with him at a party the night before he slept with Ashley. 

I walked to the pool and submerged myself in the water. It was still warm from that day and felt amazing. I shut my eyes and I heard someone walking towards the pool. I turned around, expecting Gale, but was severely disappointed. 

"Hey Soph." James was staring down at me, teetering on the edge of the water, debating whether to hop in or not. 

"It's Nicole." 

"Hey you didn't call me fuck face. Does that mean we're friends again?" He slid into the water next to me and I moved away from him. 

"What do you want James?" 

He smiled at me. "I saw you get here today, thought it would be rude if I didn't at least come to say hi."

"Hi. Bye." I walked towards the steps, but James was right next to me. 

"Honestly you don't look like a Nicole. Nicole's are super sweet and innocent," he stopped and I turned towards him. "Oops I almost forgot you're the purity queen. At least you were last summer at that party." 

He put his hand on my arm and rubbed it with his thumb. He slowly pulled me in towards him and I knew he was expecting to kiss me. I jerked my arm back from him. 

I looked at him and narrowed my eyes, "Goodnight James."

"Goodnight Nicole." He was smiling like a jack ass when I turned around. 

When I walked back in the room was empty. I assumed everyone had gone to bed. I slowly made my way upstairs, listening to see if anyone was still awake. I walked past Gale's door and didn't hear anything. I figured I might as well go in. 

I looked across the room and Gale was asleep. He was stretched out of his stomach. He wasn't wearing a shirt. I walked over to the side of the bed and knelt down. I pushed a short strand of hair out of his face and his eyes flickered open. He jerked away from me. 

"Shit you scared me." 

I smiled and climbed into bed next to him.

"Well I seem to be the only one not jet lagged and I'm bored." I looked at him. 

"Maybe you shouldn't have slept for half of the flight." 

"So I was thinking..." I let my voice trail off. 

"Thinking what?" He looked at me obviously curious to know the answer. 

"That maybe you'd let me be on top for once." I slowly traced my fingered across his shoulder and glanced at his eyes. I could see how green they were even in the dark room. 

Gale pulled me in towards him. I looped my left leg over his hips while he kissed me. I could feel his hand trying to undo my bikini top and failing. 

"Let me." I reached around and pulled the top off, letting my breast fall free.

Gale pulled me in closer to him. I pushed his hips against mine, feeling his cock stiffen between my legs. He flipped me over so I was on top of him. He had his hands running through my hair and I felt him lightly tug back. My hands trialed down his stomach. I loved the feel of the ridges on his abs as I felt over them. Gale had started grinding into me and I was already wet. 

I kissed his jaw line as I pulled his shorts down. His cock sprang up and settled between my legs. I sat up to pull down the bikini bottoms. Gale took this opportunity to grab a condom and slide it on. 

I hovered above him for a second before I lowered myself onto his hard cock. I moaned slightly as I slid down his length until I couldn't go any farther. I looked down to see there was still about 3 inches of his dick left. 

"What's wrong?" He asked while he sat up and kissed my neck.

"Have you ever gone all the way in?" 

"No. You're too small." 

I moaned again when he pulled out of me. I wanted control though so I pushed him on his back. I made small movements at first. I was grinding against him rather than fucking him. Slowly I lifted up and shoved myself down back against him. I heard a grunt from beneath me and looked down. 

"Just like that," Gale looked up at me. 

I kept the movement up. I was bouncing up and down on him and I had never seen him more turned on. I clawed at his chest as he grabbed my hips. He ran his fingers through my hair and pulled my head back. I felt an orgasm approaching. I pushed against him faster and faster craving the release. 

I was whispering his name repeatedly and he loved it. He bucked his hips faster against me. He grabbed my hips and took control. He was holding me in place while he pounded in and out of me. He was hitting every spot just right.

Gale moved his head to bite my nipple and I came. I pulled him against me and dug my nails into his back. I pushed down onto his cock as far as I could. My pussy tightened around his cock and I let out another moan, but this one was too loud. Gale tensed up and I knew he had cum.

Gale and I immediately looked at each. We were both thinking the same thing, I had been too loud.

I jumped off him as he searched around the room for my top. He found it and I was trying to put it back on. Suddenly we both heard a noise. It was a door opening and closing. I quickly kissed Gale and ran out of his room. I stopped for a second to see if anyone was in the hallway yet. I opened my door and rushed to the bed. I heard moans coming from Gale's room. He had turned on the tv. I wrinkled my nose as I thought about what he was watching. 

There was a knock on Gale's door. I couldn't hear what Gale and my mom were saying but the door was immediately shut. 

Then there was a knock on my door. She opened it and I pretended to sleep, hoping she was buying it. She walked across the room and looked down at me. I was thankful I had pulled the covers up so she did not see that I was still naked. 

She left the room and closed the door, leaving me to think about exactly how much I could get away with that week.