 I leaned back in my chair taking in what just happened when I hear a noise that made me jump out of my skin. The door to the department chair's office opened with a creak. I turned to look at her and the expression on her face was clear....

"Staying late to get in some extra time with your students Mr. B?" I could see that Angie was struggling to keep that stern, professional look on her face. 

"Well Angie, Nicky needed some extra credit on her exam and I was willing to work with her."

"I'm sure you were Tom. Just remember, make sure you save some for me. Nicky shouldn't be the only one enjoying you." With that she walked up to me and gave me a kiss on the cheek before starting to leave. When she approached the door she turned back to me and said "You still have enough left in the tank for our date tonight right?"

"Gee I don't know, Nicky was pretty good. I don't know if you would ever be able to top that."

"Oh, Ill show you what I can do tonight mister. You just better be ready to go all night long."

"In case I am in the shower when you get there just use your key." And with that she was out the door.

Again I sat back in my chair, alone with my thoughts. Angie and I have been having this fling for quite some time now. I guess it probably doesn't qualify as a fling then, but oh well. We have had to make sure we keep it quiet around the school, the district doesn't really approve of interdepartmental dating. Plus all the talk among the other teachers would be enough to drive us both insane. 

I should probably tell you about Angie. First off, she is about 5 years older than I am, but doesn't look a day over 24. She is a natural beauty with blonde hair and pouty lips. Her ass was firm, and perfectly defined. But the piece de resistance would have to be her breasts. She is a very well endowed 38D. It is always amusing to watch the male students in her class when she wears any tight tops or pants. Not one of them can sit still the entire time, and they all leave holding their books over their crotch. Priceless. She truly is the teacher that everyone wants to get with, even the faculty. I've seen the deans and principal check her out. And its not limited to the men, quite a few ladies have their eye on her as well. Makes you wonder why she chose me. 

I snap out of my reverie and figure it's time to head home. I have a few hours before Angie will be over so I can relax a bit and watch some of the game. After the 6th inning I give up, the team is hopeless. Guess I will have to wait another year for a World Series win. I suppose I should get in the shower now, Angie should be here in less than an hour. In ten minutes I'm nice and clean, shaved, and trimmed where I needed to be. 

Everything's set for my date when there is a knock at the door. If those damn kids trick or treating get in the way of me getting some tonight I will be really pissed. What more do they want, I left the bowl of candy out on the porch so that they wouldn't bother me. When I approach the door I see a woman standing on the porch. It's a bit dark outside so I can't see her face too well, but she is definitely too old for trick or treating, or so I thought. I open the door to realize that it is my fallen angel Nicky standing there.

"Nicky, what are you doing here?"

"Trick or treat Mr. B!" Earlier today she looked very shy and nervous. Now she had a different look on her face. She was much more relaxed. I guess when you're not trying to boost your grade by any means necessary a few weights are off of her mind. "I hope you don't mind me stopping by like this, but after this afternoon I wanted to talk to you."

"I'm just a bit surprised that you're here. I didn't think anyone in school knew that I lived in town."

"It took a little bit of research but I was able to track you down. May I come inside?" 

I took a step back to allow her into the hallway. Closing the door behind her I asked her "so what was it that you wanted to talk about?"

"I thought we should talk about what happened in your office today. I honestly can't believe that I actually followed through with it. All day I thought about what I would be willing to do for extra credit, and then when I was in your office it just happened. But now that it has..." While talking we made our way into the living room and took a seat on the couch. I rested my hand on her leg.

"Nicky, what happened today shouldn't have. You're one of my students and, 18 or not, I could get into a lot of trouble for that. What if one of the other teachers had walked in? We got very lucky today, and I can't let it happen again."

"Mr. B, I never want you to get in trouble for it. It was me who started things. But we just have to take some precautions next time so that we don't get caught."

"Next time?" I'm honestly surprised. Why would she want to hook up with me again? Grades were one thing, but was she actually trying to seduce me?

Instead of answering she moved in close to me and pressed her lips to mine. She was rather assertive in her push, and soon she was working her tongue towards mine. Again I was overtaken with the moment and followed the lead of my more impulsive head. Soon we were making out on the couch. 

Nicky starts to rub her hands all over my body. My hands start to do the same. I took my time to feel her curves. I have seen her every day for this year so far and I have been longing to get my hands on her. It's a shame that she doesn't dress sexier, she has a great body. Nicky pulls away from me briefly, long enough to pull her top over her head. Underneath is a lacy black bra, holding her beautiful breasts. Seeing them up close I am sure that she is about a D cup. As I reach my hands up to feel them Nicky reaches down and pulls off my shirt as well. 

When the shirt clears my eyes I see a new hunger on Nicky's face. I look into her eyes and see a passion that begs for release. She sits on my lap and pulls herself close to me. We resume making out with a little more fervor as my hands start to roam her body. Nicky has some weight on her, but my God she looks great. 

After I have felt her ass quite a bit I reach behind her back to unhook her bra. When the clasp pops free she pulls her arms through the straps and her breasts are hanging free between us. To quote Seinfeld "They're real, and they're spectacular." They are a perfect size, more than a handful, but not too much wasted. Her nipples are already rock hard as my fingers start to play with them. When I pinch them her body jumps a little, and she starts to grind herself into my lap a bit harder. 

I break from our kiss to move my lips down to her beautiful breasts. As soon as I start sucking on her hard nipples Nicky starts to grind herself into my crotch. She leans her head down and starts to kiss my neck and get close to me. I start to roll her hard nipple around with my tongue and Nicky lets out a slight moan. 

Nicky backs off of me, letting her tit fall from my hungry mouth. She takes a step backwards before turning around. With a small shimmy she pushes her dress down beyond her hips and let it fall to the floor. Underneath is a sheer thong that barely covers any of her pussy. I see a damp spot on the front and know just how turned on she is. 

For the second time today Nicky reaches down and pulls my pants and boxers off in one quick motion. With me now naked my cock is free to jump upright before Nicky gets back onto my lap. Once again we begin kissing, with my hands roaming over her soft ass. As we make out Nicky starts to grind herself against my hard cock again, only now I have her moist, silky panties rubbing against my bare skin. It's a feeling that you never get tired of. 

I reach my hand below her ass and start to inch towards her wet pussy. I slip her thong to the side a bit and run my finger over the opening. She is soaking wet as I feel the heat radiating outward. 

I break our kiss and begin to get up. Taking her by the hand I walk down the hall into my bedroom. When we reach the bed I pull her close and kiss her deeply before laying her down. It is time that I repay Nicky for her extra credit earlier today. I lie atop her and begin to kiss her neck. She squirms a bit as she gets more excited from my touch. 

I move my way down her body leaving a trail of kisses to her breasts. When I get there I pay some special attention to each of her nipples, gently sucking on each of them. I gently pinch the one I'm not sucking on to keep it nice and hard. 

By now Nicky is starting to moan, barely audible but it is there. I think its time for me to see that juicy pussy up close. I slide down so that my face is directly over the front of her thong. I hook my thumbs in the side and pull them down revealing her juicy pussy. She keeps everything shaved nice and smooth. I love a nice shaved pussy. 

With the thong out of the way I take my first taste of her pussy. I lick up her slit but stop before I get to her clit; I don't want her to cum to soon. I lick around her lips, slowly parting them with my tongue. Nicky starts to grind herself into my face as I probe my tongue deeper into her pussy. Her juices have such a sweet taste to them I could drink them all day long. I decide that I want to see how sensitive her clit is and move my mouth up to it. I take it gently into my mouth and suck on it. 

Nicky breaks the silence when she moans "Ooooh Mr. B that feels soooo good. I love getting my clit sucked."

Now who am I to deny something that she loves. I start to suck a little harder on her clit, while flicking across it with my tongue. She starts to really squirm underneath me. While I am sucking I take one of my hands and play with her tits. With my other hand I work a finger into her pussy. She has one of the tightest pussies that I have ever felt. She's not a virgin, but I can tell that she certainly hasn't had much sex. 

I crook my finger enough to start rubbing her g-spot. When I hit it she jumps and her eyes shoot wide open. I don't think she's ever felt that before. With that kind of reaction I keep rubbing her g-spot and suck nice and hard on her clit. Before long this treatment has her ready to cum. I hear her breaths getting faster and her moans are getting louder. 

"Mr. B I need to cum. Make me cum!" I could comply with that command so I redouble my efforts. Her moans become screams as I can feel her pussy tightening up. When she cums her entire body goes rigid right before she blows. And when she did Nicky flooded my mouth with juices. I have never had a girl squirt like that before, and it was amazing. 

As she comes down from her high my cock is simply aching. I need sex, and I need it now. I move up her body and kiss her full on the lips, my face still covered in her juices. 

"Oh my God Mr. B that was so good. I have never cum like that before. You are sooo much better than high school boys. I'm never going back to them again."

I can feel my cock resting at the opening of her pussy when a hand takes it and guides it in. "Mr. B you need to fuck me now. I want you inside me." Who could resist? With a slow and deliberate stroke I pushed myself into her waiting pussy. 

"Nicky you have the tightest pussy I have ever been in. I don't know how long I will be able to last in here." 

"Its ok I just want you to fuck me as long as you can. We will have more chances to last longer." So she wants to do it again? I guess I can work with that. Though this will surely get me in trouble.

Grabbing onto her breasts I start to piston in slowly. After I bottom out in her pussy I slowly withdraw. I grab hold of her ass instead of her tits as I start to thrust harder. I want to make sure she enjoys this fuck. I am really starting to pound her good now when I start to get that familiar feeling that I am getting close to cumming. 

I remember back to the blowjob I got in the office and how she ended it for me with her fingers. When I start getting close I reach under her ass and my fingers make their way to her puckered hole. Her pussy juices have dripped down enough to make it nice and slick. I start to massage the outside of it, feeling her ass relaxing more and more. When I feel its loose enough I slip the tip of my finger in and almost immediately Nicky starts to cum around me. I am close enough to my own orgasm that when she starts to spasm with her it pushes me over the edge. In one final thrust I bury my dick deep inside her and flood her with my cum. It wasn't as much as usual since it was my second orgasm of the day, but I could feel it pooling inside her pussy. As I pull out a trickle of cum follows behind my cockhead. 

"It looks like you made a mess there." A voice from behind me makes me jump. I turn around to see Angie standing there, spare key in hand. "Someone is going to have to clean that up."

To be continued...