 This is one the first stories I have ever submitted for public viewing, so any and all comments or feedback would be greatly appreciated. Please send your comments to be at the contact link on my profile. Flaming will be promptly ignored and deleted, so please don't bother. Read and enjoy.

*

Zeke walked through the door of the house he shared with his girlfriend. He had had a fairly decent day at work in the warehouse, not too light, but certainly not too heavy of a workload. It was Friday, and he was more than glad to have a nice weekend to look forward to.

He decided that he was going to watch a movie that he had been anticipating while he waited for his girlfriend to get home from work. He was nestled with his back against supported by a pillow against the headboard of their bed, wrapped in a warm and soft blanket when he heard the front door open.

Now he knew her pretty well, so he could tell simply by how she had opened the door, that she had had a pretty rough day at work. She tossed her stuff on the table next to the door and walked into the family room. He looked up from his show and smiled that small reassuring smile that he knew she loved so much.

"Welcome home sweety."

He said to her, meeting her gaze. She returned both the smile and the greeting, but was obviously very stressed and tired from work.

She went into her walk-in closet and he heard the sounds of her changing clothes. He knew what he could do that might cheer her up, but he decided on a more subtle approach based on her fatigue. She came out dressed in only a t-shirt and shorts, despite the cold.

She left and went into the kitchen, and shortly after emerged with a drink for both of them. She set them both on the table beside his side of the bed. He thanked her for the drink, and slowly unwrapped the blanket surrounding him and opened his arms, smiling reassuringly. He was wearing next to nothing under the blanket, because of how hot and sweaty he would be if he were.

She saw what he had in mind and smiled moving her hands to her sides. She moved them to the bottom of her shirt and quickly lifted it over her head and tossed it to the side. The sight of her beautiful breasts barely contained in her bra made his heart skip a beat.

She approached him, and turned, lowering herself to sit in front of him. He spread his legs as she nudged her way in between them. He closed his arms around her then. She let out an audible sigh of relief and contentment as he enclosed her in his warm and loving embrace. He bent his head to lightly kiss her neck.

He then lifted his chin to lightly rest it on the top of her head as they then together watched the movie. It was some time later when she laid her head against the hollow beneath his shoulder and was soon breathing steadily, asleep.

Not long after that, his movie ended, and he carefully reached for the remote, being careful not to wake her. He turned the volume down and flipped it to another movie. It went on and off like that for a couple hours, while she slept soundly. Every now and again he would brush his hand over her cheek, or lift a stray hair from her face. A few hours after she fell asleep, she finally stirred. She sleepily lifted her head from his shoulder and turned to him, opening her mouth. He lifted a finger and pressed it against her lips.

"No need to apologize sweetheart, how was your nap?"

He asked softly. She nodded and smiled.

"It was great hun. It was just what I needed."

She slowly lifted herself off the bed and turned to him.

"I am going to take a bath. Would you like to join me?" "Hm, yes, I would like to join you."

He said as he quickly lifted himself off the bed and to his feet. She offered her hand to him, which he took willingly, allowing her to lead him to the bathroom. As the pair entered, he turned to the jacuzzi, turning his back to her, he turned the taps on and kept his hand under it until he found a satisfactory hot temperature. He shook his hand dry, and stood up straight again and turned. His breath caught once more when he saw that she had already stripped down while he was messing with the jacuzzi.

The sight of her naked body almost made his jaw drop, and it took him a little bit to realize that he was staring. She didn't seem to notice however, being as she was gathering the soaps and shampoos she wanted to use. He shook his head to clear his mind. It was going to be very hard for him to be subtle the way this was going. He quickly removed his boxers, and moved over to her, reaching to take her hand in his. He led her over to the jacuzzi, and lifted a foot to step in, but had to second step it due to the hot temperature of the water.

"Perfect."

He said cheerfully. He quickly stepped in with his other foot, and continued to hold her hand, making sure she didn't slip as she got in. Then, first he, followed by she, slowly lowered themselves into the hot water, each letting out a loud sigh once they finally sat down, letting the chest high water envelope them. He leaned his back against the back of the side of the jacuzzi, and she followed suit and moved her body backwards, leaning against him. His arms instinctively moved around her. The two of them lay there for what seemed like a blissful eternity, simply listening to each other breathe and enjoying the feeling of the hot water combined with the close contact.

He was the first one to move, as he reached one hand out to grab the bottle of shampoo she had picked out. His other hand lingered on her stomach. She saw him grab the shampoo, and sat up straight, giving him easier access to her hair. He used his one hand to open the shampoo, while he let his other glide along her stomach to her hips, to her back, then glide up her spine. After pouring some of the shampoo into his hand, he placed both his hands on her head, and began rubbing, until it soaped up fully. 

He then placed his hands gently on her shoulders. He eased her forward while leaning her back, until just her face was above the water. He lifted a knee to brace her head, so that she didn't have to. Meanwhile, his hands scrubbed vigorously to wash all the shampoo from her hair. He could not resist the urge with her in this position to lean forward, and kiss her ever-so-lightly on the lips. He let his lips linger for a brief moment, before easing her back up. He repeated the same motions with the conditioner, right down to that feather-light kiss on her soft lips. Once her hair was nice and clean, he eased her up and back again, allowing her to lean against him once more.

He then reached his hands out and grabbed the soap she had picked out, as well as a washcloth. He rubbed the soap into the cloth until it was nice and sudsy. Then he eased her up once more, and placed the cloth onto her shoulders. He then carefully proceeded to run the cloth up and down her back, using a subtle but firm pressure. She sighed softly as she felt him both washing her, and subtly massaging out some of the kinks in her back.

Once he was satisfied with his work, he gently leaned her back against him once more. He reached around her with his hands and quickly soaped up the cloth with the soap once more. This time however he placed it on the skin just above her breasts, but below her neck. He felt a quiver of anticipation run through her as she realized what was coming next.

Once again his hands started to cleanse and massage her. Back and forth, they glided across her body, slowly easing down over her breasts. He felt her jump when the soaped up cloth touched her nipples, and he stopped, and waited for her to calm down once more. He then continued his motions, gliding across her chest and down her stomach, not missing a spot, even as the cloth disappeared beneath the surface of the water. His pace slowed as he neared her pussy, and his touch lightened, he knew how sensitive and aroused she would be, and didn't want to over-stimulate her.

He slowly and lightly washed her between her legs, then lifted the cloth out of the water and laid it on the side of the jacuzzi. He then took a breath as he leaned a bit farther back against the jacuzzi side, steadying himself for what he knew was coming next.

She was half-sitting on him and half-laying against him, a position which put her neck just below his chin. His hands moved slowly from where they had been resting on her stomach, and they slowly glided up her skin, slowing as they reached the swell of her voluptuous breasts. His chin lowered then, softly nuzzling against her neck, which caused her to emit a soft moan.

While he nuzzled her neck, he let his hands glide up and around her breasts, gliding ever-so-lightly over the soft and sensitive skin on the side of them. He made slow circles around them with his fingertips as his hands slowly crept to their destination. As the palms of his hands glided across her rock hard nipples, she gasped and instinctively pushed her breasts into his knowing hands. He cupped his hands over her nipples, gently squeezing, kneading, massaging, pinching, and rolling.

His hands worked simultaneously, each one gently showing it's appreciation to the breast it was holding. She started to slowly thrust her chest forward and back, bucking into his loving hands. He knew what that meant, and slowly let his hands glide back down her soft skin to her hips. He then helped her as she eased herself into a kneeling position. She grabbed a towel and laid it between her arms and the hard side of the jacuzzi. She turned back to look at him then, nodding her approval as she straightened her back and lifted her ass a bit out of the water.

His gaze had asked her the question that she had answered wordlessly. He moved himself to kneel behind her, raising himself a bit higher than she was. One hand moved to his cock, which had gotten quite hard, despite the effects of the water. His other hand moved to her hip. He slowly pulled her back as he guided his cock to the entrance of her ass.

Slowly and carefully, he pushed his cock, until it had just barely penetrated, then both his hands moved to her hips. With a slow and steady push, he eased himself into her until he was fully inside her. As one they let out a moan as he penetrated her fully. He paused briefly then, moving his knees a bit closer to her. He then lowered his upper body, letting his chest rub gently against her back as he started to move his hips back and forth.

His hot breath tickled the back of her neck as his cock glided back and forth inside her ass. Soon she began to thrust her hips back to meet his thrust, matching his pace thrust for thrust. his hands meanwhile, had glided around her hips from her ass, and were resting just above her throbbing pussy.

As he fucked her, he let his hands move down a bit more, softly stroking her clit with one, and lowering his other one even more until one of his fingers was just barely touching her pussy lips. She let out a loud gasp as she felt his hands touch both her pussy and her clit. He increased the speed of his stroking of her clit to match the pace of his cock in her ass, and slowly pushed first one, then two, and finally three fingers inside her hot wet pussy.

He then moved both his hands and his cock at the same pace, finger fucking her with one hand, vigorously rubbing her clit with the other, while his cock was rapidly fucking her ass. With each thrust and stroke of everything touching and inside her, she let out a loud gasping moan, her whole body alive with sensations.

Faster and faster he fucked and rubbed, knowing it would not take long before the combined sensations overwhelmed her. More than anything he wanted to cum with her, and have them both riding out their climaxes at the same time. He knew he would not have to wait long, because he could already feel her pussy getting hotter and wetter with each stoke.

He was grateful for this as he could already feel his own body building deep within him. He picked up the pace of his vigorous fucking and rubbing of all of her intimate places, moving faster and faster as he felt his orgasm building until it was deep within his balls. The pitch of her voice was rising higher and higher, letting him know she was almost there. He was fucking her as fast and hard as he could, when finally he felt himself reach the peak of his orgasm as her ass and pussy clench tight around his invading digits.

As one they threw back their heads and let out primal cries of pure lust and passion, as with one final thrust, he shoved his cock deep within her as she shoved her ass violently back to meet him. His fully enlarged cock gushed pulse after pulse of his hot cum deep inside her ass while her pussy gushed her own juices onto and around his fingers, while still coating both of their inner thighs in her juices. He continued his rapid fucking and rubbing of her, riding out both of their releases, which only heightened both of their orgasms even more.

Once all the juices had finally stopped gushing both into and out of her, he buried his cock in her ass one last time, and collapsed upon her back while she collapsed onto her towel on the side of the jacuzzi. Both of them were breathing heavily, and a thin sheen of sweat was covering their upper bodies. How long they rested in that position, with her resting against the side of the jacuzzi and him resting on top of her they did not know, nor care for that matter.

Eventually, he began to think he was getting too heavy for her to support, so he reluctantly, but carefully removed his now-soft cock from her ass, and his hands as well. Before sitting back however, he leaned forward a bit more, lightly kissing and nuzzling her neck briefly.

He then eased himself backwards so that he was leaning against the side of the jacuzzi once more. She soon followed, tossing the towel she had been leaning on aside. As she leaned back, his hand reached out to grab the washcloth he had set on the side of the jacuzzi. He lowered it into the water, and then lifted it out. He quickly washed the sweat off of both of their upper bodies before putting the washcloth aside once more.

Now that they were both clean and totally spent, he then placed his hands on her back and eased her forward so he could stand up. He very carefully stepped out of the jacuzzi and then turned to lend her his hand to support her as she got up and out as well. He leaned forward to pull the drain out of the jacuzzi so it would drain.

He then reached for a towel and turned to her, his breath catching once more as he saw her in all her lustrous beauty. Even now, sopping wet and shivering she could still melt his heart. He shook the thoughts from his head and, taking each end of the towel in a hand, held his arms out. He smiled as she quickly stepped into the soft warmth of both the towel and his embrace.

He ignored himself for the time being, and rubbed her vigorously up and down all over, making sure she was nice and dry. He then reached to grab his own towel, but stopped when she slapped his hand away. She reached for it and lifted it for him as he had for her. He stepped into the towel, and received the same rub down. As the pair stood there, stark naked but for the towel, he reached for another towel.

"Turn around and sit down sweety."

He said as he gestured towards her hair. She did as he asked, settling herself in a cross-legged sitting position facing away from him. He quickly wrapped the towel around her head and hair. He rubbed her hair furiously for about a minute or two, making sure it was nice and dry. As he removed the towel, he could not help but laugh at the tangled mess he had made of her hair.

She scowled at him with that fake angry look on her face and then smiled as she grabbed the brush and tossed it at him. He caught the brush with the smile still on his face.

"Yeah I suppose I do owe it to ya don't I?

She turned wordlessly away from him and leaned moved herself a bit closer, waiting expectantly. He lifted his hands and the brush, and started brushing her hair. He was as gentle with the brush as he could with the tough snarls in her hair, but he felt genuinely sorry when he had to brace his other hand on her neck and give the brush a hard tug.

When the task was at last complete, he laid the brush aside and moved right up behind her. His arms closed about her once more wrapping her in their cocoon of warmth, love, and support. He couldn't help but inhale as his head moved past her hair to kiss her neck. She gave a soft sigh of contentment as she felt his loving embrace, coupled with his soft lips on her neck. His hands started to glide their way upwards from her stomach, and he felt himself starting to lose control once more, but her hands on his brought him back.

Her hands lifted each of his to her lips and kissed the back of them. She then let his right hand drop as she turned his left hand palm up, exposing a long scar down the center of his palm. She smiled as the memory of what caused that scar came to her mind. She then bent her head once more, kissing the scar. He too smiled as he felt her warm lips upon his skin.

"Bout ready to turn in sweety?"

He asked as he moved to rest his chin lightly on her shoulder. Her head turned to look at him, and their lips were mere centimeters.

"Yeah, I think so. I am a bit tired from work, and the bath."

He nodded his understanding, and reluctantly removed his hand from her grasp. He lifted himself quickly to his feet, making sure however that she didn't fall as he did. She made no move to get up as he circled around to in front of her. He offered her his hands to help her get up, and she willingly accepted his offer, and placed her small hands in his. He eased her to her feet. Once she was standing, his hands still held hers, and the pair was once again barely centimeters apart.

He tentatively licked his lips, then slowly moved his head down. He smiled inwardly as he felt her lips press to his. He had only meant for it to be a brief kiss, but the feeling of their lips and bodies pressing together made him decide otherwise. The pair was now locked in one of those heart-melting and soul-binding embraces that never happen often enough. He moved his head closer to hers, deepening the kiss as he moved his arms around her. He felt her arms move up and wrap around his neck, which told him that she didn't mind him prolonging this kiss.

One hand moved to her head, gently pulling her lips to his, further deepening the kiss. His other hand meanwhile, had glided it's way to the small of her back to help support her. He flicked his tongue against her lips, until he felt them open, an invitation that he was not about to turn down. He quickly pushed his tongue into her mouth as she moved hers forward to meet it. The two supple muscles rolled over and around each other, dancing languidly between their mouths as their bodies pressed even closer together. He sighed deeply into her mouth as he felt her supple skin mold against his. He then tilted his head a bit to the side, pushing his tongue farther into her mouth. Her lips closed down around his tongue, and she sucked on it softly as he tongue continued to roll around it. When her lips finally released his tongue, he felt hers pushing his, and he retracted it back into his mouth. Her tongue quickly followed his, and he then returned the favor, closing his lips around her tongue, sucking and suckling as his rolled over hers.

At last, he felt her hands shift from his neck to his shoulders, and he felt a subtle pressure. He understood what it meant, and he released her tongue, pulling his mouth back as he did. He could not however resist the urge to give her lips one last teasing flick of his tongue before lowering his chin to rest his forehead against hers. Their eyes met and held each others gaze as for the second time that night, both of them were near-breathless. With a quick shift in position, he let his hands glide down from where they rested. One hand moved to her upper back, and the other to her knees. Just as quickly, he moved beside her and swooshed her off her feet. She let out a soft gasp as she felt herself fall, but relaxed when he caught her in his arms. She smiled then as she once more lifted her arms to wrap around his neck.
