 Jim was leaving the company and decided to ask everyone from the department to his place for a little party. We picked up his wife Nidia on the way to their place. What a good looking lady, I thought when she got into the cab of Jim's pickup. She was born of an English school teacher mother and a Panamanian engineer. Dark brown almond shaped eyes, shiny black hair and full ruby red lips. She wore a white high collar semi-transparent blouse that fitted her enticing figure snugly. She wore a black skirt, slit up the side that showed her shapely legs in her seamed black stockings, and just a bit of her lacy white slip. She smiled a wonderful smile with an impish glint when we were introduced. She sat between Jim and I, but closer to me so as to let Jim shift gears in the city traffic. Several times a Jim careened around corners she leaned into me, brushing her ample right breast against my bare arm. She also wore a perfume that was very enticing to me. 

When we arrived at their condo, Jim grabbed a beer and went for a quick shower so I helped Nidia set up the booze and munchies for the party. She asked me to help with a couple of plates of prepared hors d'oeuvres from the refrigerator. She was bent over taking them from a lower shelf and I got a pretty good look down her blouse at her lace top bra that seemed a bit too small for those lovely orbs of hers. She caught me looking and as my face turned red, all she did was smile that impish smile of hers. A couple of times she bumped into me in her small kitchen. I apologized, but it didn't seem to faze her at all. I wondered if some of it was on purpose. Jim finally came back when everything was all set up and he grabbed a second beer. 

The others started arriving and we all munched and sipped on what ever was offered. I did not drink too much as I wanted to be able to give proper directions to my co-worker that had offered to drive me home after the party. After several hours most of the people had left so I looked around for my lift, and asked what had happened to him. Nadia said that he had left with one of the girls, and she didn't think that he would be back the way they were acting together. Then I realized that Jim had disappeared as well. I was thinking about calling a cab, but NIdia who seemed to know everything suggested that the cost would be exorbitant and said that I could crash on their sofa. The few stragglers finally left, and I busied myself by helping Nadia with tidying up. 

I noticed that Nidia's blouse was now open lower than before and that each time she bent over in front of me, she gave me a great look at her breasts. It was almost as if she did this on purpose. I had long stopped blushing and started to take advantage at every opportunity to get a good look. I asked what had happened to Jim, she hesitated to respond and then suggested we have some coffee. She sat in the armchair and I sat on the foot stool in front of her as she explained that Jim had crashed after having about 5 or 6 beers. She said that he would not be awake until early the next afternoon. Apparently he had gotten into this habit every weekend for about the last 6 or 7 months. She had tried to discuss it with him, but to no avail.

She then asked me if I thought that she was attractive. I was shocked about the question coming from such a lovely woman. But finally I told her that every thing about her was very attractive: from her smooth dark skin, beautiful dark brown eyes, her smiling lips, the way she walked and certainly the way she was dressed. As I told her this I was looking at her breasts through her white silk blouse. I told her that if she had been single and I a bit younger, that I would certainly try to seduce her. She laughed and smiled her impish grin again and leaned forward to place her hand on my arm. Her blouse opened even more and I just ogled the tops of her breasts in their silky bra cups. Her bra seemed a bit too small for her breasts, or maybe that's the way it was supposed to be. Maybe we should think about calling it a night she said as she got up and went into her bedroom. She came back with a blanket and a pillow for me and then left me alone. 

I had a short fitful sleep as the pillow smelled of Nadia's perfume that gave me all sorts of ideas and dreams. I woke up with a very stiff erection as I groped around for the blanket that had slipped to the floor. I slowly realized that NIdia was sitting on the foot stool not more than two feet away from me. In the light from the street lamps I could see that she was wearing only a bra and panties. I also realized that she was staring at my long hard cock that was protruding proudly from the fly of my boxers. Without hesitation or even thinking about what I was doing, I slowly sat up and drew her to me and kissed her lightly on the lips. I ran my finger tips up and down the length of her arms. She shivered and then kissed me back, only a bit more forcefully than I had her. I caressed her shoulders and then down her back to her bra where the shoulder straps joined the back strap. I kissed her again as she opened her mouth and our tongues touched and explored each others' mouths. My fingers followed her bra straps up to her shoulders and I moved them off of her shoulders and down her arms, and drew the cups completely down, freeing her breasts for my wandering fingers. A deep sigh escaped from within Nidia.

I traced her aurioles with my finger tips trying not to touch her hardening nipples just yet. Slowly, ever so slowly I broke from our embrace and I kissed her neck and shoulders and then down to the tops of her breasts. I cupped them in each hand and buried my face between them, drinking in her aroma. She caressed the back of my head as I kissed her breasts. She whispered that she had wanted me from the time that we had met earlier in the day. All that she had been thinking about all evening was this moment. I finally moved my lips to her very erect nipples and gently kissed them as she threw her head back and moaned her pleasure. I sucked on and pulled her nipples with my closed lips and kneaded her breasts making her squirm with ecstasy. Her hands were busy running up and down my back and then pushing my boxers lower down to grab my ass cheeks. I broke away long enough to position her on the edge of the sofa as I knelt in front of her and pulled her panties off. The aroma coming from between her lovely legs was intoxicating as I lowered my mouth to her already juicy pussy.

An Oh My God escaped her lips as my tongue found her pussy lips and separated them. I explored the slick inside of her pussy and found her hard juicy clit. The effect was electric as she arched her pelvis up and towards my probing tongue. I licked her slowly and then faster and faster as she squirmed and thrust herself against my face. She was now leaning back against the sofa back as my hands continued to caress and knead her breasts, my fingers tweaking her rock hard nipples. She had one of her hands holding my head against her pussy while the other caressed one or the other of her breasts. She was more ardent than I at pulling on her nipples, so I increased my ardor as well. It did not take much longer for a moan to come from deep inside to her lips as she came with a shudder. She slid off of the sofa to the floor and collapsed against me as I rocked her back and forth, gently helping her to come down from her sexual high. 

After a few minutes of whispered endearments, she started to stroke my still rock hard cock. She let me know that she wanted me to take her with it. I moved her so that she was on her knees leaning on the sofa. I spread her legs and my hands caressed her well rounded ass as I shoved my cock into her juicy waiting pussy. She was a little tight but I gently forced it all of the way into her. She let out a satisfied sigh as I started to slowly move back and forth inside her willing pussy. I moved my hands to her front and caressed and kneaded her breasts as I moved my hard shaft in and out of her well lubricated pussy. A satisfied moan came from hers lips each time that I reached my deepest penetration. Holding on to her breasts I pulled her back towards me as my cock drove forward into to her. We maintained a rhythm for a few minutes but I was coming very quickly to the end of my control. Nidia was such a lovely sexy woman and her teasing of me all evening had driven me to the end of my control. 

I finally came deep inside her pussy, adding my hot creamy cum to hers. It seemed as though I had filled her with a gallon of cum as my cock spewed cum at each thrust. I stayed inside and kept the pistonning her as I fingered her hard slippery clit with one finger and pulled hard on one of her nipples with my other hand, until she came again, this time with a great gasp and deep throated moan. I could feel her pussy contracting around my cock in her spasms of ecstasy. As I pulled my cock from her cunt all of our love juices ran down her inner thighs I grabbed her panties and my boxers to soak up the mess. Nidia quickly took her clothes and disappeared back into her bedroom and closed the door. It was starting to get light outside as I went to the bathroom to wash off and get dressed. I used their phone to call a cab. As I was about to leave Nidia came out and asked me if we could see each other again. No argument from me.