 It's a cold winter night. A fire is burning in the fireplace as the wind whips snow around our house. It's been a long day, working around the house, shoveling snow, and we're sipping brandy, listening to some soft, slow music, cuddling and watching the flames in the hearth.

"I have a something for you," I tell you, whispering in your ear.

"You do?" you ask with a smile, knowing I'm always full of sexy surprises.

I disappear to into another room for some time while you sip your brandy, a bit nervous, but a bit excited too. When I come out, I'm wearing a pink lacy bra that squeezes my 36dd's until they bulge out of the cups and as your eyes move down my tawny brown body, you see that I'm wearing a matching pink leather belt, harnessed over my hips and holding a pink jelly dong. It's about fire inches long and an inch wide and I'm stroking it with one hand, a tube of lubricant in the other.

"Surprise, baby...I'm going to fuck YOU tonight!"

I step over to you, wearing a pair of hot pink, six inch heels, poking the dong into your face.

"Suck it, baby," I tell you.

You put your brandy snifter down excitedly as my dong beats against your cheeks. I grab your head and make you suck the tip of it. Your cheeks redden, knowing just how straight you are, but when you look up at me, you see me remove my bra and drop it over your head. I squeeze my brown tits, making the dark brown nipples crinkle in excitement. As you suck the head of the dong, I can feel the pressure of the pussy plug attached to the strap on, as it moves inside me. My pussy starts to tingle and moisture is building inside me.

I remove the dong from your mouth and kiss you, pushing my tongue deep inside, wrapping it around your tongue and licking the roof of your mouth, making you moan. Your half-hard cock twitches with pleasure.

I rub my tits in your face and tell you, "Turn around."

You obey and you kneel on the sofa, leaning your arms on its back ledge. I rub your ass with my hands and lean down to kiss the soft white cheeks. You shiver. I continue to rub your ass cheeks, then I part them with my hands and gaze at your crack, looking for your puckered hole. When I find it, with a smile, I lean down and take in the musty scent, then dart the tip of my tongue around it, moistening it with my saliva. I hear you moan, and I hold your balls in my hand while I rim you, squeezing them gently, then taking them in my mouth one and a time sucking them. While I'm sucking your balls, I slick some lube onto my finger and rub it around your anus, then slide my finger in.

"oooooooohhhhhhhhhhh..." I hear you moan as I slide my finger in to the root. I move it around slowly and start to slip it in and out, fingerfucking your asshole. I continue this for a while , biting your ass cheek playfully, your dick sticking out straight in front of you.

I remove my finger, only to slick more lube on it to fuck your ass more, this time rubbing lots of the clear slippery stuff all around the inside and outside of your anus.

I stand up slowly, my hard nipples tickling your ass and your back as I move upward, and start stroking my strapon with lots of lube.

I nibble on your ear and whisper, "Are you ready to be fucked, baby?"

"ohhhhh, yess," you reply, your voice quivering.

I rub your pale ass cheeks and part them, while I kiss the back of your neck, and slip the tip of the pink dong into you, thrusting with my brown hips. "mmmmm....take it baby," I tell you.

"Fuck me," you respond in a strained voice.

I push into you inch by inch, pausing to let your ass muscles adjust, until I"m in all the way. Once I'm in entirely, I stay still. I wanted a shorter dong so I could be in your virgin ass to the root, so I could feel my pelvis pressed against your ass. I stay still and enjoy the feel of our bodies joined together, my breasts pressed against your back, and I reach around to feel the dick that I love, stiff and so hard. I grab your balls from the front and squeeze them while I start to thrust in and out of your tight asshole, truly fucking your ass.

The jelly dong moves with me, and I don't even need to hold your hips as you move down and back to take more of it in. You love being fucked and you beg me not to stop.

I start to thrust harder and harder, until I'm slamming your body against the back of the sofa, and your hard dick is rubbing against the sofa too. I hold your hips and ram into you with smooth, firm strokes, groaning myself as I feel my own cum dripping from my pussy, from around the pussy plug, and dripping down my brown thighs. I groan as each thrust into your ass pushes the plug into me, and I'm being fucked as I'm fucking you.

After a while, I tell you to turn around, and by this time, you will do anything I say. I pull out of you, pouring more lube on my play dick, and tell you to lie down on the pillows on the floor before the fireplace. I lean over your body, stroking the dong while my heavy brown breasts hang before me. I smile a wicked smile, and stuff the dong back into, seeing your stiff cock angled against your white tummy and the sparkle of pleasure in your eyes.

"ooooh, fuck me, fuck me, baby," You moan continuously, holding my hips while I massage my big bouncing tits. I start ramming into you again, loving the feel of fucking you, ramming harder and harder until I shake your body and you are choking with pleasure, swearing and groaning, begging. My pussy oozes juices all over your pale thighs and I see your cock twitching. I hold your shoulders down and lean closer to you...

"Cum, baby...cum while I fuck your ass....cum onto my tits...give it to me. You know you love getting it in the ass, you nasty boy."

I slam and pump into you hard until I hear you scream out my name.

"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH...I'm cummmmmmmminnnnng!!!"

Suddenly a burst of thick white jism spurts out of your dick. Gobs of it slap onto my tits and your tummy and I rub the warm thick fluid into my skin, then lean over to make you suck your cum off of my tits.

"See how good it is baby? " I tell you, and you suck my tits like a baby for his mother's milk.

Finally, I fall on to you, dong and all, and we cuddle in the pillows before the fireplace.