 18 year old point guard surprises her coach.

It was my first year as a basketball coach at our small high school in Iowa. Basketball is king here, but our school wasn't exactly well known for having a great team, so there was a little pressure on me to bring new life and get the program up. Because of the size of the school, they couldn't afford to pay two separate coaches, but with Title IX we had to have two teams, and I would have to coach both of them. I wasn't exactly pleased with this, because I wasn't a huge fan of girls' basketball, but I was still excited for the opportunity and definitely wasn't going to turn down the money.

Everything was going pretty smoothly for a while. The guys were off to a pretty great start, and I hadn't had any issues with working with the girls. I was in a relationship, I was happy, and there's nothing like the fear of losing your job to keep you from getting tempted too easily. So everything was great... until we got to our Christmas party. I'll never forget that night for as long as I live.

My girls' team was pretty weak that year, but one bright spot was our point guard, Nicole. Nicole was really a shooting guard, but without a true point guard we had to shift her into that position, and she held her own okay. She had a really nice shot, and did a good job of at least trying to get the other girls involved. They didn't always come through on their end, but she got them the ball in good spots.

Anyway, that night Nicole came in, and for whatever reason, there was just something different about her. Maybe it was just because I had only seen her with her hair up and in baggy basketball clothes, but this time when she walked in, I had a hard time looking away. It was fairly cold that night, so she wasn't showing off a lot of skin, but her jeans may as well have been painted on, and the sweater hugged every curve of her torso. Fuck.

I still don't really remember anything else about that night. I'm sure Nicole never noticed my ogling, but I don't know how she didn't. I know it couldn't have been subtle. I had no control. I went home that night and masturbated furiously to the mental image of her body, even fully clothed. I was still fairly young, having just gotten out of college, and my sex drive was still very much in overdrive.

Being a winter sport, we still had practices over the holiday break from school, so I saw both teams again the following Monday. We're a small school, and I only had seven girls and eight guys, so a lot of times we would have practices together. It means a little less time spent on my part, and I just had both teams run the same plays. On a normal day I would be excited to get into the gym and get to work. I liked to play, and was still young enough that I would demonstrate a lot of what I wanted to do, and I loved getting on the court. But this time I was excited for a different reason: I couldn't wait for Nicole to come in.

When she did, it again wasn't anything different than normal, but for some reason her presence just drew me to her. It was like I had realized for the first time that she was such a sexual creature. Even through her sweatpants I could see the curve of her hips. Then as she took off her hoodie, her practice jersey was pulled up with it and for the briefest window of time, I had a glimpse of her flat, smooth stomach and even the base of her sports bra, encasing the tits that had become my obsession overnight.

We started the practice with our standard stretching and footwork drills. Everything was the same, but now everything was different. I was thankful that I was prepared to play that day; I had worn my compression shorts, which were mercifully helping to conceal my growing erection as my eyes continued to be drawn towards Nicole. Suddenly everything she did was mesmerizing. I was still staring whenever a sound snapped me out of my reverie.

"Coach!" Ryan yelled. Apparently I had zoned out and this wasn't the first time he had tried to get my attention. Shit. "What are we starting with today?"

"Uhh.." Great. I was completely off my rhythm. I was staring at Ryan, but my mind was still picturing that glimpse of Nicole's stomach.

"Didn't you say we needed to work on our rebounding after Friday's game?" he asked. Perfect. Our rebounding really had been awful, and it cost us Friday's game.

"Yeah. Guys down there, girls over here. Partner up, and when the shot goes up defense needs to box out. Let the ball hit the ground three times before you can grab it defense. Offense, you get the ball whenever you can. Ryan, partner with Alex and you two take turns shooting. Ladies, I'll shoot for you."

"Coach? I don't have a partner." I turned around to see who spoke, and of course, it was Nicole. This was going to get interesting fast.

"Alright Nicole, you can work with me. Take it easy on me though, you know I'm an old man," I joked, mostly just to remind myself that I was the "adult" in this situation. She rolled her eyes at me in response, which was pretty typical. She was easily the most sarcastic player on either team.

I put five minutes on the clock, and we began the drill on each end. I threw the ball up to the rim, trying to get it to carom off at a wild angle, and make the defense work to keep the offense off. I had momentarily forgotten my distraction, and was watching to see the ball's path, when I was forcefully reminded of Nicole's presence by her ass slamming forcefully into me. I had also forgotten about the predicament that was happening inside my compression shorts. I'm taller than she is (a little over six feet to her 5'5), but the tights kept my excitement growing down my leg instead of tenting out my gym shorts. That means that when she slammed in to me to box me out, my dick was sandwiched right between my thigh and her ass. I had hoped she might not notice, but the "ooh" that escaped from her lips gave me a pretty strong feeling otherwise.

For the second time in about two minutes, I was snapped back into the reality at the sound of "Coach!" being shouted. Jessica had gotten the rebound. I had no idea if she started the drill on offense or defense.

"Good work, Jessica" I shouted as she tossed me the ball. "Offense and defense, switch. Nicole, you can just stay on defense" I instructed, out of reflex. Nicole gave me a cocky smile and I realized I had essentially just instructed her to grind on me for the next five minutes. Great. I knew then I would be lucky to escape this practice without a lawsuit.

I lofted the next shot towards the goal, and again felt Nicole slam into my legs to "box out" and keep me away from the ball. As she worked, she moved to push me backwards (not something she was going to be very successful with, since I outweighed her by about eighty pounds). But was it just my imagination, or did she actually grind up and down on me? I chalked it up to just her fruitlessly trying to move me backwards and continued with the drill. Jessica again got the ball, and I did my best impression of a coach paying attention and scolded Tina for letting her get the ball twice in a row. I was still in a daze but fighting to regain control when I shot the ball for a third time.

Nicole had always been something of a dirty player. She'd gotten several fouls from tugging on opponents' jerseys while playing defense, something I had scolded her for repeatedly. This time, as the shot bounced off the rim, I made more of an effort to get the ball (and prevent the continued contact between her ass and my stiffness, which I desperately wanted to continue). As I tried to shoot past her to the outside, she went to grab me, but instead of snatching my jersey, she grabbed directly on to my now throbbing dick. Startled, I stopped on the spot, and she jumped back in front of me and again thrust her ass back in to me, but without moving her hand, which was now rapidly stroking me rapidly, the motion shielded from view by our two bodies.

The entire situation had me close to coming already. The rest of the team unaware that their point guard was giving me the most amazing handjob of my life right in front of them, despite my compression shorts. It was too much. I yelled for Nicole to shoot for her teammates and I ran into the office before things really got out of control, while the teams continued their drill.

I was just catching my breath when the door opened and she walked in. "Hey... We were a little worried with the way you ran off... you okay?" The grin on her face was ear-to-ear.

"Uhh, yeah, I'm fine. Just needed to grab, uh, my whistle" I stuttered, trying to hide both the color rising to my cheeks and the cock rising in my shorts.

"Oh, your whistle, huh? I thought maybe you were grabbing something else. Something I could help you with?" Her voice trailed off but her smile only got wider, and her eyes dropped to my crotch. I was busted and I knew it. She walked up to me, slowly, and I swear she had to be moving her hips from side to side as far as she could, like she was trying to hypnotize me. And it worked.

"Nicole, uh, you better get back out there. You, uh, you're supposed to be, um, shooting for the girls side." My last line of defense. I was hooked and she definitely knew it. She kept walking up to me, backing me next to my desk as she approached.

"No.. I think I better finish what I started, like my coach always told me. You know, follow through and all that good stuff..." With that she jerked my shorts and tights down just enough for my desperate hard-on to spring free. Wasting no time she picked up where she left off on the rebounding drill, and I was mercifully close already... Within thirty seconds I was ready to come, and on cue she dropped down and wrapped her delicious lips around my cock right and I exploded into her incredible mouth. Right then the buzzer sounded and Nicole wordlessly grinned and sprinted out of the office.

"What the fuck just happened?" I found myself wondering, as I heard her scream "Coach said grab a water break!" I wasn't sure, but I knew that this was the start of a dangerous, and terrific, ride.