 “You should let me make you dinner before you go back to school. It would be fun to spend some time with you outside of work.”

Well, there it was. The curious alchemy of proximity and boredom that had been brewing all summer since Nicole showed up for work at the warehouse was now a formal declaration of intent. She was in her mid-20s maybe, tawny-haired, wiry, and if this is the right word a bit feral-looking though not in an unattractive way. 

I never gave Nicole much of a though at all until about a week before I was scheduled to quit and she mentioned seeing some crap called I Was A Mafia Princess or something on TV. Nicole was just fascinated by the premise and kept going on and on about how sexy the whole thing was, how passionate Italian men were, how the whole thing turned her on. 

“Jimmy, aren’t you Italian…?” 

I admitted that I was in some modest percentage of my heritage, and Nicole was thrilled. 

“I knew it, I knew it!” she boasted. “You just have that look.” 

Which led to my dinner invitation, and since I had some time to kill before I moved back to school, dinner sounded dandy. I agreed to stop by her house that Saturday night around seven for “spaghetti and a full Italian meal! ” All that pasta in the late August heat didn’t sound terribly appetizing, but I suspected there would be other courses to consider. 

Nicole greeted me at the door with a big smile and a cuter outfit than the clothes she wore to work, cutoffs and an open cotton blouse with a wife-beater tank top underneath. She was barefoot; if there is anything sexier than barefoot women in the summer, I’m not brave enough to see it. 

Fortunately for my stunted courage, the reason for my invitation became obvious almost right away. Nicole sat me down on the couch and asked from the kitchen what I wanted to drink. I requested bourbon and coke, if she had it, and she cooed that bourbon was her favorite beverage to lick off her lovers. So when she brought the drinks over in separate glasses, I picked up the soda and took a sip while pouring the bourbon down the front of my shirt. 

“Ooh, honey, I should have brought you the bottle,” she smiled, taking the glass out of my hand and proceeding to undo my shirt’s buttons. An eager tongue emerged from her grin, lapping up the amber streams across my chest. 

“I am so thirsty, it must be the heat or something… ” 

Or something, I mumbled in reply, and her grin grew wider. 

I started stroking her head with one hand and sliding the other down her shoulders and back to her denim-clad bottom, which was looking quite tasty. She asked if I liked Nikki’s ass; it was a little more 3rd-person than I was expecting, but no matter who was asking or on whose behalf, the answer was the same: hell, yes. 

She licked up from my collarbone to my neck, and then leaned over to whisper, “I’m going to bring dinner out now, but if Nikki is bad in any way during the evening, you need to tell her. She likes a firm hand.” 

Well, now I was curious, and I asked if Nikki was the Nicole I knew from work or not. “She looks the same,” she said as she stood up, “but she doesn’t act the same.” I wondered if she was referring to how she helped mop up our little spill, a safety technique we never used in the warehouse, when she turned back from the kitchen and said in a baby’s voice, “Nikki is just a little girl who really wants a daddy’s attention. Will you be my daddy?” 

I replied in the affirmative, as if there any other answer, and then Nicole asked me to come to the table. Nikki would be available to talk to after dinner, she said, but that didn’t stop Nicole from removing her blouse and showing off her gumdrop-shaped nipples, poking up through the tank top on top of round firm breasts. She watched me intently as I tasted the first forkful of her handiwork. 

“How is it?” Terrific, very good, I nodded between chews, but of course I could have been eating Styrofoam peanuts in motor oil and said the same thing. After a few minutes where she took two belts of bourbon from the bottle, I asked her if she was going to eat anything while it was still hot. 

“I’m not much for pasta, but I do like meat. Did you bring any meat for me tonight?” I put the fork down to properly respond to this corny but suddenly stimulating challenge and said that I bring some wherever I go. “Oh, I’ll bet it’s more than some,” she breathed, “I’ll bet those college girls are always talking about how much meat you have when you’re fucking them with that huge Italian cock of yours.” 

I told her that, as the meat expert, she should take a look for herself. My shorts were discarded with the pretense of the meal as Nicole aggressively investigated their contents. My penis swelled with her touch into a full erection, having been thick with anticipation since I walked in the house. Her fingers traced the outline of my testicles as she whispered, “Dinner, at last…” and began nibbling the length of my erection, leaving a trail of her saliva and no complaint about the size of, uh, her portion. Nicole wanted me in her mouth like she really was enjoying a delicious feast. 

I was excited beyond words by all these new sensations: her wet tongue, her head bobbing about with the occasional smoldering glance up at me, the sweaty summer evening, my nudity before a clothed woman and one that I had considered in a sexual context only very recently. It was all fantastic, but what excited me the most was that Nicole had taken the initiative and demonstrated her desire in no uncertain terms – I was in her mouth because she wanted me there and made it happen. In other words, I wasn’t going to last long. 

I groaned through gritted teeth when I felt the beginning of that familiar tingling at the base of my spine, and Nicole pulled her luscious mouth off me in time for us both to see a long white rope of semen blast her cheek. She then directed my next pulses at her tank top, and I soaked the entire front of her chest. I heard bells and mumbled that someone should answer the telephone, but Nicole was too busy drawing the remains of my orgasm out of my erection to notice. 

When my eyes began to focus properly again, she had removed her shirt and was wiping her first course of the evening onto her breasts while licking the initial load off her face, lost in lustful consumption. After a moment, she caught me looking at me and actually blushed, as if anyone who with her talents should ever be ashamed of anything, but if it was Nicole who had consumed this feast, this was Nikki’s face I was seeing now. 

“Oh, I’ve been very bad, very very bad. I sucked my daddy’s cock without his permission and made him shoot his load all over me. I’m a bad little girl,” she whimpered. I assured her that this was hardly a bad thing, but Nikki pressed her case. 

“No, that was bad. And now I’m dirty with daddy’s cum and I still have naughty thoughts. I need to be punished.” When I asked her what she meant by punishment, she pointed at her ass and said simply, “Spank me, daddy.”

I didn’t have much interest in the physical pain as pleasure angle, but her singsong baby voice was just annoying enough to me that I could work up some enthusiasm for something punitive as directed. I thought about for a second and when I responded yes, her crest-fallen face lit up and she jumped up and skipped over to the couch, still reeking of bourbon as she ascended it on all fours. Nikki swiveled up and offered her ass for my discretion, and she giggled that a firm spanking was best. I walked over to her and rubbed her bottom from my knees, watching her breasts dangle and her head hang low as she moaned with anticipation. I started out with a tap and increased the intensity in time with her groans. 

“Oh, daddy, punish me, whip my naughty ass!” 

I have to admit, though, I still felt a bit sheepish about spanking her, even at her insistence. I guess my reluctance must have showed, because she looked back at me and, as Nicole, pleaded: “Baby, this will get me off like a rocket. Please spank me like you mean it, and take off my shorts so I can feel you.” 

Thus prompted, I proceeded with new focus and gusto. Her cutoffs peeled off to show me a firm bottom, blushed slightly as her face was. I leaned over and licked this sweet flesh, then stood up and put my weight into the first solid paddle of the night. She yelled out, and more lusty swats followed. Soon, her ass was red with my hand’s imprint and she was writhing, almost at the edge of her own orgasmic cliff as her moisture ran down her bare thighs. 

“Please, daddy, don’t stop! I’m so bad!” With a final slap, she screamed and shook with convulsions of pleasure. When she slowed down and collapsed onto the cushions, her face muffled what sounded like crying. It was Nicole that looked up, flushed with tears. 

“Oh, Jimmy, that was so fucking fantastic. I’m OK, really. Sometimes I just come so hard it makes me cry. Sometimes, but not very often.” 

Nicole soon sat up and grinned at the mess we had made in such a short time. As we chuckled at the sight of ourselves, she leaned back and spread her legs. Her fingers explored her soaked thighs and then made their way to her dripping pussy. 

“Mmm, I haven’t been this wet in a long time,” she said as she sampled her own secretions. “I taste really sweet tonight. What do you think?” 

She offered me her fingers and I licked the juicy miracle off them. Damn, it was sweet. I had to get some more to know for sure, but this time straight from the source. I kneeled back down in front of Nicole and began tracing her thighs with my tongue. Nicole was still limp from her spanking, but as I circled this remarkable honeypot, she began to twitch and moan. 

“That’s so good, your mouth feels so good…” 

I then flattened my tongue to lick her entire opening, pausing with emphasis on her clitoris. She screamed out my name and put her hands on my head, gently steering me to her selected places of joy. By then, I had snaked my hands under her bottom and squeezed her in time to every lick and suck.

I defined the maw of her pussy with my tongue, investigating every fold of her pink flesh. Her pubic hair was already matted against her pelvis, but I still wanted to extract her first orgasm’s product. The second, it turned out, was not far behind. When I reached her clit, I paused one last time before licking the length of it, spurred on her hands and exclamations. 

“Oh fuck, my cunt is so wet for you! You make me feel incredible, baby – keep licking me, just like that, but don’t stop!” 

I could feel her clit swell up, as my own penis was doing just from the sounds of her arousal and the taste of her juices, and it quickly filled my mouth when I sucked it in. I then chewed her lightly and flicked her engorged member back and forth until I could feel her entire body begin to tense up. She jammed my head against her and moaned. 

“Ggghhh, fuck… cumming now… so fucking good, must cum now! ” and then uttered a sonic non-verbal exclamation timed perfectly with her pussy flooding my face with a sweet, sweet elixir. 

I can’t say how much time passed before I finally had to pry her legs apart to take in some air. Nicole for her part was positively shining, no tears this time, a radiant beacon of satisfaction in the failing light of this remarkable day. I crawled back onto the couch and held her until we were able to form coherent words again, and then she turned to me and said plainly, “I want you to take me upstairs now and plow my ass with your cock. Right now.”

PART TWO TO FOLLOW…