 Sighing while putting your hair behind your ear again, you frown at the sound of the vacuum cleaner outside of your office without looking up from your computer screen. The noise is annoying, but you don't want to stop what you're working on to shut the door. Being that this is Christmas 

Eve, as the office decorations are constantly reminding you, you are trying to get out of your workplace as soon as possible. Probably why you turned off the lights in your office and the only light is coming from your computer screen. Two hours late, you wonder again how you were manipulated by your boss to stay behind to finish this research and put the report together for him to review when he leaves in the morning to read while on his plane to Barbados. 

Barbados, you think. I could sure use a relaxing vacation. Of course, had I left when I was supposed to, I could be getting a VERY good workout right now that would help out with the kinks and such. Even still working, you smile to yourself at the thought, then frown at the reminder that you were missing out on it right now. 

The click of your office door brings you out of your thoughts. Your head snaps up, wondering if the cleaning people had closed your door, only to realize you don't hear the sounds of their cleaning anymore anyway. A slight noise grabs your attention to the side of the room, but you can't see anything, thanks to the combination of the dark and the fact you have been staring at the screen for way too long. 

"Hello?" you call out. Brilliant. Maybe they'll answer with a "Merry Christmas" before grabbing me. You step out from behind the desk, your heart rate picking up a little as you try to discern whether or not you were alone in this room with no other way out than the door on the other side. You move down to the left side while keeping your back to the wall, your eyes searching back and forth, cursing the fact you don't have better running shoes on than your 5-inch heels. Well, they do go better with the gray slacks and white dress shirt you were wearing. 

You bump into something solid on your left that is up against the wall. Seeing as how there isn't supposed to be anything there, you mentally curse yourself as you were looking out into the middle of the room and wasn't paying attention to the direction you were actually headed. So you're not all that surprised to feel hands quickly grab you and spin you around, one arm wrapped around your middle trapping your arms and the other hand covering your mouth. You find yourself facing the dark surface of the wall, shadows now starting to appear as your eyes are now adjusting to the dark. 

"Shhhhhh..." The sound comes from a male voice, you can tell that much. The realization that you are alone here with this person immediately jacks your heart rate up and you start shaking. Suddenly your nostrils flare, and you catch the scent of a certain cologne you are very familiar with. Your trembling now has switched gears and it's no longer from fear. Your heart is pumping with anticipation instead of being terrified. 

"Are we good now?" you hear breathed into your ear. You concentrate on nodding, while the breath you feel is sending shivers across your skin. You feel the lips that are responsible move from your ear to the back of your neck. The shivers on your skin intensify. "Good. I didn't mean to scare you, just surprise you. I didn't think you'd want the cleaning crew to know that I snuck in here," I say. Each word is sending more heat and lip movement onto your neck and the feeling is doing quite a number on you. You feel my arms loosen and slide to grasp your wrists. I guide your hand to the wall, pressing them palm down on the smooth surface. I rewrap one arm around your waist, while the other hand clears away the light curls away from your neck, exposing more of your weakness to me. Applying light kisses to the area, I press my body more firmly to yours, and you are aware of my excitement. How could you miss it, while pressed directly onto your ass? You press back, easily accomplished with the wall for support. 

The groan vibrates directly onto your neck, and you feel the growl that accompanies it. You begin a grind onto my cock through both our slacks that most exotic dancers would envy. The kissed on your neck intensify with sucking and biting, which in turn send electrical currents to your nipples and clit. You feel yourself moisten, and bite your lip while moaning. It's a torturous cycle that increases the passion. Your neck is definitely going to have a mark by this point, as the biting and sucking have gotten way out of control. And I really don't care, you realize. 

With a loud growl, I whip us around, my back to the wall and you facing outward. My hands let go of your hair and waist and meet in the middle. Buttons fly as I rip open your dress shirt. I can't see it, but your bra feels like it's see-through. Just a light moment to revel in the softness of it while trying to suck the essence of you through your neck, my hands quickly then remove the bra as well. You gasp, the cooler air tightening your nipples. Your hand increases its hold in my hair, making sure I know not to stop my mouth from its business. Your other hand moves behind you and are able to smoothly unbuckle and loosen my slacks. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I'm impressed, but my vocal cords can only elicit a moan. Your hand slides into my underwear and grabs a hold of me. You squeeze, the delicious pressure on my cock moving back and forth from pleasure to pain and back again. 

Your chuckle slides back into moaning when you feel the heated rod push forward, sliding across the back of your slacks. Your hips involuntarily move, causing friction with the back and forth, up and down motion they are providing. Knees on both sides lose their rigidity and buckle under the pressure. I turn us around again and our mouths slam against each other. It would seem we have been suffering from dehydration, and the only thing to drink is in each other's mouths. Tongues search for the other and slide back and forth. Teeth bite lips, hands are grabbing and pulling for the other's body to bring closer. Souls seem to pour from one to the other just from the two mouths being together. I suck on your tongue while keeping it trapped between my teeth lightly. My hands are holding your back, while your hands are tightly holding onto my exposed ass. 

I break the kiss. Everything up to this moment has been passion, lust, an explosive urgency for now, right now, need it NOW... Looking into your eyes is enough to stop me and hold everything right where we are. You see mine looking back and forth into yours. You can feel my heart beat slowing down just a little, and your breathing gets closer to normal. I grin and slowly dip my head down, sliding my tongue across your right nipple ever... so... slowly. Your eyes close just as slowly, your thighs clench together in conjunction of the ripple of good that flows out through you. I inwardly grin loving the feel of your nipple between my lips and your hand in my hair... as if I needed to be told to stay put. My tongue makes designs on this sensitive spot for awhile, then I change tactics. Sucking and flicking my tongue rapidly, a squeal comes from within you. You tighten your grip and your other hand moves back down to grab the hot flesh of my cock. Sliding up and down the shaft, you increase the lust back up many notches, and I move to your left nipple. No slow demure licking here, just animal biting and sucking to start the vicious cycle again. 

Without stopping my work, I unbutton your slacks, allowing them to fall away. We both kick out, removing our clothes so we don't trip over them. We both laugh at the humor of it, and resume our stimulation of one another. I grab hold of your barely-there silk bottoms and rip them off. With a mouthful of nipple, I promise to replace them. 

"I don't care..." you breathe out, not breaking rhythm of your hand on me. I slide my hand through your pussy, my fingers breaking through your pubic hair that is guarding the path. One finger parts through the middle, touch is made with your clit, and pressure making the contact become more there. Your pussy is dripping, hungry to be fed, knowing what is to come and the scent of you reaches my nose. 

My eyes fly open, and a rumbling in my throat is heard throughout the room. I push you lightly back against the wall. The confusion is evident on your brow, wondering what is wrong. I drop to my knees, bringing the source of my manipulation to face level. You smile, confident of what is to come since you know how much I love the taste of you. Moving one knee out, and opening your thigh to the side, you let me know how much you wish for me to enjoy your flavor. 

I hook the back of your knee with my hand and lift your one leg over my shoulder. I hold onto you this way and once again pet your beautiful pussy. Doing so, another wave of your scent hits me and all I can do is fall into it. My lips suck your nether lips and I open my mouth to begin a French kiss that would make a prostitute blush. The mini-orgasm that hits you comes with no warning, and your head snaps back hitting the wall. You could care less, you were seeing stars anyway. Indecisive about whether you want to pull your own nipples or grab my head to pull me further into you, the thought of That's what two hands are for, runs through your mind. You decide to follow your own advice. 

I drag my tongue across your clit, suck upon your lips and try to spear you with my tongue deep into your pussy, searching for more of your intoxicating flow. I duck lower and begin a long slow journey from your extra-sensitive back hole, across your overrunning entrance, part your lips through the middle and over your clit. The sound that comes from you is more than a moan but less than a scream. In any case, it sounds like a good thing, so I repeat the journey several times. I finish them with driving my tongue into your ass as far as it can go, and I feel a light splash on my forehead. 

I bring my tongue back up to your clit and suck it into my mouth. Flicking my tongue for extra stimulation, I treat it as though a straw to get refreshment from, sucking and pulling. I plunge two fingers inside you, and begin the rhythmic fucking to get you to your release. You respond in kind with a vocal positive and fuck back at my fingers, driving them deeper into you. 

"Cum for me," I say against your clit. "Cum for me so I can drink you in. You have kept it from me long enough and I'm dying of thirst. Cum, baby... CUM!" 

You're grinding on my hand, my fingers fucking up into you, me slurping over your clit and my words have you right on the edge. Suddenly you feel another finger, but it's not joining the other two. It slides against your anus, rubbing back and forth across the sensitive skin. And it's enough. Enough to break open the door to spill out the orgasm that you were hoping to achieve since you were getting dressed for work this morning. 

"AH! FUCK, yes... I'm going to... going to, CUM!" That last word becomes a scream that forces its way out of you, and comes from the very inner depth of your body, trying to continue even after air is not longer available from your lungs. Your legs give out and after dislodging my digits from inside you, I slowly bring you down to sit in my lap. You wrap your arms and legs around me and bury your face into my neck while trying to get your breathing back to normal parameters. 

"You... are going to... pay for that..." you say between breaths. 

"Is that supposed to be some kind of threat?" I ask, my eyebrows arching up. You grab my face in both hands and bring your lips to mine, thoroughly enjoying your taste in my mouth, searching it out from every corner you can reach. 

"No, just a promise." The seductive, evil grin on your lips tells me it is that, indeed.