  So, this one's a little different for me. I started only with idea of the female character and boots. She needed to be strong, independent and confident and her boots are both a symbol and extension of strength, independence and confidence. 

I think I know where i want to go with this one but I'm not 100% sure. I haven't written a 'hardcore' BDSM story yet and this one could go there, I don't know. 

As always, thank you for reading and I hope you enjoy it. 

GM01 

*****

My eyes were drawn to her. In a crowded room swirling with men and women she stood out. Attractive? Yes, very attractive. Tall for a woman but not taller than most of the men, probably about 5' 9" in her high heel boots. Oh, yes, they were among the first things I noticed about her.

I believe I must admit that my interest in boots is a fetish. The pair she was wearing were exquisite. Black, except for the bright blue soles. Beautiful leather that shone in the city lights outside the hall and the chandeliers within. Four or five inch heels with perhaps a half inch or less platform. They likely set her back a few shekels. But they were worth the price, gleaming as they were under her knee length black coat and making her little black dress look that much better.

I watched her as surreptitiously as possible. Working my way around the room so as to obtain a good sight line to her without being in her direct line of sight. The dress fit her perfectly, tailored I presumed, allowing her to display her body without appearing as if she were doing so. And she did possess a body worthy of display. Long legs (accentuated by the boots) that, from the space of thigh revealed between the boot tops and dress hem, were strong and well toned. From behind, her ass was high, firm and I suspect maybe dimpled. Clearly she'd never borne children, not with that ass, anyway. Her tummy was the one clue to her likely age. Just a hint of a pooch that only added to her allure. As in the rear, her breasts sat firm and high on her chest. Somewhere between a B and C cup was my best guess.

Her makeup was perfect, lightly applied as a highlight, not a feature unto itself. Even the glossy finish on her lips was noticeable but not distracting. Her hair was swept up in a graceful way and I could tell that when loose it fell to at least her shoulder blades.

My first guess was that she was at most maybe thirty five, but then I reconsidered. Probably more like forty. Her style, grace and attention to her well being made her look ten years younger. An appearance that I knew would not be undone if she were naked without makeup.

I watched her eyes as she spoke with individuals and small clusters. While focused on the speaker when they spoke or others when she spoke, her eyes darted quickly, peeking over shoulders or past passers by. Her eyes were sharp, alert and alive, scanning about her as if always in search of some elusive quarry.

She almost always had a drink in her hand but rarely drank. When I did see her taking sips I suspect it was fizzy water or ginger ale (my personal preference at gatherings such as this). She was a woman in control and would not risk the potential impairment that alcohol might deliver. 

As the evening went on I intentionally allowed myself to enter the periphery of her vision. Gradually, I eased my way to positions that allowed her to take me in. Though difficult, I did not ever look directly at her. Only catching her from the corners of my eyes as I spoke with someone or moved in a calculated change of location.

As the event approached its end and the crowd began to thin she found me standing only a few steps away, neither of us with anybody near.

"Hello," she smiled, extending a graceful hand with perfectly polished nails, "I'm Katherine, I don't believe we've met."

"No Katherine, we haven't. Though that does not mean we haven't noticed each other this evening. You are a particularly stunning woman."

She almost blushed. I am certain she received compliments all the time, many people that night no doubt lavished praise upon her. But there was enough of an interest, a curiosity that my words nearly altered her composure momentarily. She maintained control however.

"Thank you. One doesn't hear the word stunning that often, especially in regard to oneself. You may wish to consult your dictionary later tonight, though, as I don't think that I meet the qualifications for an appraisal as stunning."

"Well, I hope to be far too engrossed in other affairs to have time to consult my Merriam Webster, but I do stand by my choice of verbiage, Katherine. You are a most impressive figure. Given the company I observed you in this evening, and the rapt attention they paid when you were speaking, there is far more to you than your pleasing appeal to the eye. I sense there is an intellect which provides you with the basis for the confidence with which you carry yourself. I also sense a refined power within you that is part of the essence of you."

As I prattled on I had maneuvered Katherine into a position with a wall a few feet behind her back. Her confidence did not allow her to consider that I was positioning her in this manner. Her eyes remained locked on mine during my speech and she never lost one iota of her powerful persona. I leaned in close to her and I observed her eyes start to close and her lips part just a bit in anticipation of a kiss.

However, I did not kiss her. I tilted my head and moved toward her ear where I whispered, "I find your power and confidence immensely attractive. That those qualities come in such a wondrous example of feminine grace and beauty is what makes you truly stunning. I would very much like to have the time to know you better and to delve deeply into who you are in oh so many ways."

I heard a little intake of breath. I had thrown her off balance, something she was unaccustomed to. I rested my right hand on her hip, firmly enough to be able to guide her back against the wall but not so hard as to be forceful. Now, with her back against the wall, I rested my forehead against the cool marble, my breath wafting over her neck. 

She wasn't scared, that I could tell. She was just out of her comfort zone. Her graceful fingers, with their perfectly manicured nails, reached for the lapels of my suit and slowly traced up and down the material. Just her hands were mesmerizing me and I almost lost myself in imagining those hands, fingers and nails traversing skin, both mine and hers.

"I know this is not what you expected this evening. I know that you are a huntress and that you were alert for a potential target all evening. I presume that you are wrestling with the thought of not being the one in control and, if I have managed to pique your interest, you are imaging how things might proceed if you were to not take your usual leading role. I pledge to you that I will take great care with, and of, you should you decide to join me. I promise that I will do my utmost to make your pleasure and satisfaction the highest of my priorities."

I could hear her slightly disturbed breathing, a reflection of her internal debate. I did not move so as to allow her to concentrate on her emotions, wants and desires. Then, she made the move that endeared her to me forever. I felt her head come to gently rest on my shoulder, one hand caressing my cheek, sweeping through my hair to rest at the back of my neck. 

In a hushed tone she said, "I don't even know your name." I could feel her warm breath in gentle puffs with each word she spoke.

Elation swept through my body as I encircled her with my arms and reveled in the physical joy of holding a woman such as her. "My name is John, Katherine. It would be my honor to to be your escort for the remainder of this night, and longer should you permit me. I will strive to be always worthy of a woman as unique and extraordinary as you."

"Please," she began and it was clear that asking was not her nature, "please kiss me now before I change my mind."

I felt her trying to pull my face to hers with the hand behind my head.

"No, my dear," I replied, removing her hand from behind me with my own. Taking hers in mine I intertwined our fingers and moved our joined hands behind her. "Tonight you do not lead, I do. You will not regret it."

I lowered my lips to hers, not tilting away this time, and allowed the softest of contact, wanting to savor the first touch of her. Slowly I increased the pressure and then sucked her lower lip between mine. Once I had captured it, I tenderly grasped it with my teeth and playfully pulled away a fraction. I was rewarded with a delightful whimper.

Releasing her lip I leaned back to look in her eyes. They twinkled as if emitting sparks from inside her. 

"John, I put myself in your, it appears, very capable hands. Please be my guide and I will follow."

I pressed her body against the wall by applying the length of mine on hers. I lowered my head again and kissed her firmly, my tongue parting her lips and meeting hers.

"You realize that you have just made me a marked man," I chuckled as we walked, arm in arm to the waiting car, her boots heels clicking with each stride. "There are at minimum, 75 men, of all ages, who would eliminate me by just about any means to be able to take my place at your side."

"I will admit that I had noted three or perhaps four candidates for the position you now hold and had you not charmed me, dare I even say wooed me, in the manner you did, I might be on the arm of one of them. However, at the moment I can not recall any of them. Further, I will not allow you to be taken from me by any one of your alleged number of males with interest in me."

I smiled as I held her hand as she entered the car. When we were seated she crossed her leg and tried to rub her boot against me. 

"Uh, unh, unh," I shook my head at her. "Despite having confessed my admiration of your boots, I am not one of your boy toys whose fire you can stoke at your whim."

I leaned toward her, inserting my hand between her thighs using it to make her to uncross and then slightly spread her legs. I then began working up toward her crotch, enjoying the thrill of feeling her expensive stockings end and the bare flesh of her thighs begin. I was very pleasantly surprised to discover that she was not wearing panties and that her vulva radiated heat. Using my fingers to delve between her lips I also learned that her pussy had begun to seep fluid.

"Do not fear, I will be getting to those exquisite boots in my own good time. Meanwhile, I will be the one who stokes your fires."

She whimpered louder as I spoke to her and moaned quietly as my fingers slid up and down in the hot, moist folds of her kitty. 

"You may come to regret allowing me to hear that sweet whimper of yours so early in our acquaintance. I do love hearing you make that sound and so I will endeavor to do things that allow me to hear it over and over." 

I leaned in and kissed her before she could respond. We shared an unhurried, passionate kiss. When we broke she sighed and looked at me.

"You keep on as you are and you may become sick of hearing me vocalize."

I nuzzled in to her ear, licking behind the lobe and down her neck slightly before murmuring, "Oh, I doubt very much I will tire of your vocalizations, in fact I am looking forward to discovering how many different sounds I can encourage you to make!"

Katherine dug her nails into my arm. "Oooooo," she mewled involuntarily. "You do things to me that will make me utter sounds and words that I myself rarely hear. Mmmmmmmm." 

The last purr coming as I playfully bit her neck. 

Arriving at the curb in front of my building we were forced by convention to break our clinch and exit the car. I said goodnight to the driver, thanking him and escorted Katherine into the building and to the elevator. George, our steady and discrete night door man nodded to me as we passed and I couldn't help but take note of the arch of one eyebrow and a hint of surprise in his eyes, unaccustomed as he was to seeing me with a woman. 

As we ascended in the elevator I took Katherine in my arms once again. Standing behind her and holding her to me I rested my chin on her shoulder. "You have not ceded all of your control, my dear. You are the sole arbiter of our time together. You may at any point conclude or suspend our social engagement for any reason of your choice. The rest of the decisions and plans, I trust you will leave to me."

She did not respond but I felt a slight shiver run through her before the elevator door opened and we stepped into the vestibule. There were only two doors, mine which accessed the southern and eastern sides of the building and the other which occupied the opposite sides of the compass. From 32 floors up my condo afforded generous views to the east and the harbor and to the south overlooking a major highway that disappeared into low, green hills of the suburbs. At night the lights of the buildings and few vessels reflected off the water. The runways and terminals of the airport glowed on the opposite side of the port. 

As I took her coat I asked, "I suspected that you were not drinking much, if at all tonight. Would you like something now? Wine? Something else?"

"What are you having?"

"To be honest, and at great risk of destroying this image of impeccable taste and refinement I have created in your eyes, my favorite alcoholic beverage is Budweiser in cans and I confess to being partial to Irish whiskey from time to time. At the moment, though, I think I would like a glass of red wine. I can offer you red or white wine, perhaps an ice wine, most of your standard alcohols - vodka, bourbon, tequila, etc., and water or juice."

"As you counseled me that you would make the decisions, I will have a glass of the wine you choose for yourself," she smiled. "In the meantime, I am not going to hide my enjoyment of the tremendous view."

I moved to the kitchen, pleased with the sound of her footfalls across the hardwood floor, which fell silent as she crossed the oriental rug and then recommenced as she neared the window. I opened a bottle of one of my favorite Cabernet Sauvignons and poured two glasses about half full. 

Delivering her glass to her at the window I let my arm slip around her waist as we took in the view. 

"Please don't misinterpret what I am about to say, meaning don't think I'm being forward but, I could certainly get used to this view." 

We each took a sip from our glass.

"Well, despite the absolute infancy of our relationship, I will say that I feel that I could get used to you taking in this view. I've been alone for a while, Katherine. Not by choice, but I haven't encountered, nor have I sought out, women to whom I am attracted. Physically, I will admit, I am attracted to many women. I am a male after all. But I am attracted to women who are much more than their physical appearance. As soon as I saw you ascending the steps to the museum tonight I was attracted to you. I could just sense from the way you carried yourself that you were special. I am not implying in any way that there is a haughtiness or aloofness to your character. It is the rare combination of power, grace and confidence that you exude. The more I observed you this evening, and no, I am not a stalker, I could see the intelligence, wit and heart you possess. I do believe you are dominant in many aspects of your life, which is why I decided to approach you as I have. I'm certain that had I approached in a less assertive manner it is very unlikely you would be standing here now, and even less likely that we would be together a second time. By disclosing my game plan I have now given up whatever small advantage I had."

Katherine turned to me and ran her hand up my arm, to my chest and rose to cradle my cheek. "No, John. You are correct. Though I had seen you early on in the evening you were not one of the three or four candidates. I wasn't seeking an equal, I was just looking for a companion to please me for tonight. I sensed right away that you aren't that type, there is too much strength and character in you to settle for only one evening's romp, shall we say. I am here because you have made all the correct assumptions and intuitions. Though I did not know it at the start of this evening, you may be exactly what I truly need. So there, I have given back whatever advantage you had." 

She smiled an achingly honest and marvelous smile before leaning in to kiss me sweetly on the cheek. She continued, "Both me and my boots are yours for, shall we say, an open ended period of time."

I moved behind her and, after setting our wine glasses on an end table, began to slowly unzip her dress. Katherine shivered once when the zipper was about halfway but I didn't believe it was from the temperature. I used both hands to calmly slide the dress from her shoulders and down her arms. As gravity took over, the material slid down her body to gather around her feet. I took her in via the reflection in the window.

"Damn, Katherine," I exhaled in a rush, "I knew that you would be beautiful but you are incredible." The form that was revealed to me indeed was that of a much younger woman. As well as wearing no panties she also wore no bra! Her breasts had a little 'droop' to them, but nothing out of the ordinary for a woman past the age of 25. They were full, firm and capped by delightfully thick (about the size of my little finger), protruding nipples. Her hips flared splendidly in a feminine curve from her waist. Her arms and legs were toned with some muscle definition.

I released the clips that held her hair and let it cascade freely down her back. It fell, wavy, silken and thick to the middle of her back and I could not resist running my hands through it several times. 

I purred in to her ear, "Stunning may be an apt adjective when you are clothed but it fails to do justice to you naked. Remember that I admitted to being a male and that physical attractiveness does have an effect on me. I will tell you now that I plan on both fucking and making love to you as much as I am physically capable during our time. I will have you here in front of this window at night or day, I will take you in my bed, the shower, on the sofa and any other place or surface where the mood strikes me."

Katherine let out a small gasp and then, like a cat stretching in the warmth of sunlight, she reached her arms up and then behind me, guided by our reflection in the window, to encircle my neck. The position drew her breasts and tummy taut and made visible the muscles in her abdomen. 

"I need you to fuck me right now, John. You have me so turned on I am about have rivulets of juice running down my thighs."

"Aaahh," I smiled wickedly as I grasped her wrists and pulled her arms from around my neck, straightening them until they were over her head and I pulled them higher, stretching her to the point of making her rise just a fraction on the toes of her boots, "that is what this is all about. We are not on your schedule or plan, we are on mine! I don't think you comprehend the immense effort of self control it is taking to keep me from just ravaging you and extracting every atom of pleasure that your amazing body can bestow. And if I am am denying myself, then you, too, shall be denied!"

"What do I need to do, beg? Please, John, please fuck me. We can play all of your games for every moment after but please, fuck me now."

I laughed, trying to hide the desire burning within me, as I relaxed my hold on her arms so that she was under no strain. "My dear little girl, I am seeking both pleasure and fun this night. I could give in to my desire for pleasure, but where would be the fun in that?"

"Oh, you evil bastard. Please, I am begging, please fuck me. I must warn you, though, if you call me 'little girl' again, I may just cum without you."
