 Karen and I had been seeing each other for about a year at this stage. We had a great sex life and I loved every aspect of her body. At 5 ft 4 Karen was beautiful. She had full perky 34 D breasts and a smooth pussy with perfect lips that hung below a large swollen clit.

It was a Saturday night and we were getting ready for our usual Saturday. We were at Karen's house. At college and 20, she still lived at home. Her house was a typical semi detached house for Ireland. The living room was separated from a second living space by double doors. The doors' top half were glass and you could see into each. 

The second living space was for Karen and her sister when they had friends over. In it was a sofa bed, a couple of other chairs and a tv. This is where I would be spending the night. Karen's father would not let us share a bed. Her Mum was a lot more understanding, and if her husband Paul was away Marie would allow me sleep in Karen's room. I suspected she listened to us as we had sex but I had no real way of knowing. As mentioned in another story she had caught us going doggy style and liked to bring it up and commented to Karen on the size of my cock. 

This night Paul was home, so while Karen was finishing getting ready I was setting up the sofa bed. We were going to the local night club and Karen was putting on her glad rags. 

When she came down she was drop dead gorgeous. She had no problem showing off her figure and I loved that other guys could see what I took home to fuck. She was wearing a short skirt that showed her peachy ass when she bent over and was loose enough that it rose while she danced.

She wore a white thong, almost as thin at the front as the back, and if anyone were to see it they would easily know she kept her pussy hair free. The thong was tight on her lips showing her camel toe if you got a glimpse. 

She wore a white cropped top showing her flat stomach and pierced belly button. The material was almost sheer and you could make out her nipple and areola. 

Her large breasts were barely held in by the top and her long brown hair fell nicely onto them. 

"Ready babe?" Karen asked. 

"For the club or straight to bed?" I joked. Well really half joked. My cock was already hard looking at her. 

She pushed me back onto the sofa bed and lifted her skirt so I could see her thong. "You can have it later," she promised before pulling me up, "let's go."

That night at club we had a lot of fun and really enjoyed ourselves. We drank alot, flirted and made out on the dance floor. I can remember lifting her skirt as I caressed her peachy ass. I knew, and she knew, everyone could see her ass but we were too young, drunk and horny to care. I could see guys at the bar looking at us. I whispered into Karen's ear that we had an audience. Karen turned around so as she danced her back was pressed against me. I ran my hands all over her naked stomach and up to her bountiful breasts. We danced and dry humped as my hands rubbed and squeezed her heavy, juicy tits. I kissed her neck seductively before moving to nibble her ear. 

Karen, well aware of the eyes on us, slut dropped, spreading her legs as she did giving an unrestricted view to her white thong. As she stood up my hands found their way to her short skirt, pulling it up, completely exposing her thong. Our first trip, months before, to Spain had opened her mind to exhibitionism. My free hand rubbed her pussy through the thong, pulling the material tight to her cunt. I was sure everyone could see the outline of her large lips. My hand rubbed the length of her pussy lips as she moved to the rhythm of the music. I pulled the thong tighter until I could feel Karen's pussy lips exposed either side of her thong. Her thong was wet with her juices, but the full exposure was a little much, as she turned back to face me hiding her pussy from view. 

Karen grinded into my cock, her hand caressing it through my jeans. She slut dropped again, exposing her ass and thong again. As she stood her lifted her ass first allowing the dance floor see her pussy again.

I couldn't wait to get home. Drunk horny sex was the best, and we both were driven wild this night. Alcohol meant I could last for hours without cumming. Karen loved being fucked in a number of different positions, the longer the better. 

Before leaving Karen made one last visit to the ladies bathroom before we left and caught a taxi home. In the back of the car we made out while her hand rubbed by cock through my jeans. My left hand ran up her left thigh, teasing her. I pressed further and when she didn't stop me I reached her pussy. 

I was surprised to find she had removed her thong. I gently rubbed her lips, my fingers gliding up and down the full length slowly circling her swollen clit at the top. 

If the taxi driver looked in his rear view mirror he could see Karen's smooth cunt as she kept her legs spread. He could have an unrestricted view of her juicy lips as I teased her. I don't know if he did but we were soon back at her family home.

We stumbled from the taxi and made our way to her door. Before going in Karen opened my jeans and pulled my cock out into the night air. Kissing me as she went, her tongue exploring my mouth as her hand stroked my hard circumcised cock. My fingers teased her wet pussy lips apart and two entered her hot wet cunt for the first time. She gasped from the sensation, grinding into my hand trying to force them deeper. 

With my free hand I pulled her top up over her large tits letting them fall free. The cool air hitting her nipples brought Karen to her senses as she broke away from me and opened the door to her house. 

We fell in the door and stumbled our way into the back room with the waiting sofa bed. Karen soon had my jeans off as I lay on the bed. She climbed on me, her ass pointing up, her pussy right over my face as she slowly took my throbbing head into her wet mouth. I moaned at the soft touch of her lips. 

Just then we heard a cough and a knock at the door. Karen jumped off me as we tried to pull covers over us. 

Marie her mother entered. "Are you two for real? The noise of you two its like a porno! It's lucky your father didn't hear you! You know I don't mind you two enjoying yourself but your father will kill you! Get to bed before he wakes!"

We didn't know what to say as Karen tucked her breasts back into her top before she got out from under the covers, kissing me as she left me rock hard and needing pussy. 

Karen and Marie went to bed as I stripped off and settled into the sofa bed alone. I fell asleep quite quickly from the alcohol. 

Next thing I know Karen is standing over me. She had turned a dim lamp on in the corner. "Tom are you awake?"

"Just about", I answered. 

With that Karen stood up and let her pink dressing gown fall to the floor. She stood naked in front of me. I stared at this beautiful young woman as I drank her body in. Her long brown hair was hanging over her left breast as she played with her right nipple. My eyes moved down to her flat stomach and on to her hairless pussy. Those large beautiful lips hung nicely between her legs with her clit protruding, displaying just how horny she was. Her free hand began to massage her clit as she ordered me onto the floor. "They won't hear the bed creak and I need your cock now".

I obeyed, getting out of bed and lay on the floor, my cock already hard. Karen straddled me and my cock easily slid into her wet hot pussy. She had obviously been fingering herself since her mother sent her to bed. Her pussy was soaked and loose from whatever fun she had been having. 

She grinded into me, riding my cock. But honestly I may have been asleep for all she cared. She was so horny, drunk and too far gone to care for me. She used my cock to bring herself to the edge. She continually rubbed her clit as she pumped up and down on my shaft. Her large breasts bouncing rhythmically as she neared orgasm. Her ass grinded into me as she literally fucked me. This was animalistic, no love, just a pure love of cock, any cock in that moment.

I could feel her pussy contracting around my dick, as with one last thrust she forced her self down hard on my cock pushing my dick deeper into her pussy. She used her hand to stifle her moans as she enjoyed her orgasm. 

The pace slowed before she got off me, and put her pink dressing gown back on. She kissed me, said thanks for the fuck and left me where I was, hard and naked on the floor. I just had some of the best sex I ever had and I didn't even cum. 

I got back into bed and began beating my smooth cock. But the alcohol got the better of me as I started to dose back off to sleep.

I could hear Karen coming back into the room but I could barely open my eyes as she sat on the chair across from the sofa bed. She undid her pink dressing gown and her large tits feel loose again. 

Half asleep I eyed her up as her hand drifted to her pussy again. I don't think she realised I was awake, hell I wasn't sure if I was awake. "So this is what got you so hot earlier" I thought to myself. The dim lamp cast just enough light for me see Karen and make out her silhouette rubbing her juicy pussy. 

As I lay on the bed naked watching Karen play with her pussy my cock began to stiffen. Her eyes never left my crotch as she stood and came nearer. Half asleep I eyed her pussy hoping for round 2. As she got closer I thought I could see a nice trimmed triangle patch of hair on her usually smooth pussy. She got between my legs and took the length of my cock into her mouth. I ran my hand over Karen's short hair, and that's when I realised this wasn't Karen. 

I started to panic and pushed this woman away. Just then I realised it was Marie, Karen's mum. 

"I watched you two earlier through the glass in the door. I knew she would be back for this cock after I sent her to bed", she said as she stroked my still hard dick. "She is too spoiled, leaving a man like you unsatisfied and thinking she can get away with it. I would never use you like she did".

I didn't know what to do. I was still drunk and so horny I went with it for the time being. Marie sensing I wasn't protesting went back to sucking my cock. Her lips and tongue moved amazingly over my throbbing head darting into the slit. I grabbed her head and began to slowly fuck her mouth. 

She soon got up from my cock and put a leg each side of my body. Her large tits hung lower than Karen's but seemed bigger and heavier as I played with them. She teased her pussy with my cock, not letting even an inch slide in.

"Since the first time I caught you two fucking I have dreamt of this moment. I got so hot watching you from the other room. I've been rubbing my mound wishing it was me fucking you. When she left you still full of cum I knew it was my chance. I need this. Paul has not wanted me in over two years. I've only ever slept with him. I have never had another cock, but have always been curious if size matters". I didn't know what to say. 

"Marie", I stuttered, "I love your daughter, we shouldn't do th..." Before I could finish she had lowered herself onto my cock. The feeling was incredible. Her pussy was tighter than her daughter's. It hugged and pulled my cock deeper into her. 

Marie moved rhythmically on my cock, making me hornier, i didn't want her to stop. I forgot Karen while I fucked her mother. Marie's tits swung rather than bounced as she rode me cowgirl style. She sat up tall as she fucked me. Looking at her I couldn't believe her husband didn't want her. In her early forties Marie was still fit with a great body. 

I was determined to show her a good time and knew what she wanted. Using my strength I pushed her off me. "Get on your knees!" I moved behind her, sliding the head of my cock between her lips. "Is this how you imagined it?" I moaned as I slid my cock balls deep into my girlfriend's mother's pussy. I pumped her tight cunt listening as my balls slapped against her. I pulled her torso up toward me as I continued to fuck her. One hand held her arms behind her back while the other played with her tits. We fucked as if this was a regular thing. In perfect harmony she pushed back as i plunged my cock deeper. 

I pushed back down onto her knees as sucked my finger, getting it wet. I eyed up her puckered pink ass hole. My wet index finger toyed with it as I fucked Marie's tight pussy. I could see her ass hole close as she became tense. 

"Relax and trust me."

With that I slid my finger slowly into her ass as I continued to fuck her. 

I loved feeling my cock as I finger fucked her ass.

Marie soon collapsed down onto the bed and grabbed the pillow to cover her mouth as she came on my cock. I pumped harder and deeper as she shuddered, my finger out of her ass as I gripped her waist. I wanted to split this milf in half with my cock. 

I started to breathe heavy and moaning. 

I was so close to erupting inside her and i was getting ready to pull out and cover her ass in my semen. Marie could sense it. "Give me your cum, Tom. I can't get pregnant, unload your semen in me! Fill my cunt with your seed."

With one hard push back into her cunt I unloaded a huge load. I bit my lip to stop myself from moaning. Shot after shot of hot cum filled her tight pussy. 

Exhausted I fell back onto the bed. Marie set to my cock again. She took it in her hand sucking and licking my cum and her juices from my cock. 

"Can't have Karen finding you covered in my cum" she giggled. 

She kissed me for the first time as she got up and left. I was asleep in seconds finally satisfied. 

Next morning with sunlight creeping in the window I was woken by Karen lying beside me, now in her short night dress. Her hand was gently stroking my cock when I opened my eyes. 

"Sorry I left you with blue balls last night. I just needed cock and to cum".

"No problem babe, I survived" I laughed. 

As my cock stiffened Karen got down to suck my cock. 

"Lie back and relax Tom I'm going to blow your mind to make up for last night, but be quiet Mum is in the kitchen making breakfast."

I lay back as Karen began devouring my cock. She gently played with my balls and teasing my ass with her finger. Soon she was taking as much of my smooth circumcised cock into her mouth as she could. 

She took her tits out from under her night dress and reached down the side of the bed. She had brought hand lotion down from her room which she seductively rubbed into her breasts before sliding the monster mammaries either side of my cock. Karen jerked my dick off with her large beautiful breasts. 

My breathing quickened as I began to reach climax. Feeling my hips move Karen was quick to return to sucking my thick hard cock. I unloaded a hot sticky load of cum into her waiting mouth. 

She moved up towards me and kissed me. Her cum filled mouth tasted amazing as our tongues darted between each of our mouths. We both broke away and swallowed whatever was in our mouths. 

I got dressed and Karen made herself more presentable as we went to the kitchen. Marie was there. She smiled, "Good night's sleep Tom?"

"I was disturbed during the night by someone in my room, but I didn't mind being woken."

Both girls blushed and smiled, Karen oblivious to the fact her mother and I had pure lustful sex the night before. 

Marie and I never really spoke about it but in the next two years before Karen and I broke up we had some fun a handful more times. I'll be sure to write for all your enjoyment.