 Talking with you the past couple days at work and always admiring the clothes you wear have had you in my mind more often then not. Admiring the way your long, curly, strawberry hair frames your angelic face. Wanting to kiss you soft lips while looking deep into your blue eyes. The scent of your sweet perfume as you walk by my desk. I always find myself shying away from asking you out.

One night I go out with some friends to a club. I get myself a drink and walk towards the dance floor. To my surprise I see you out with your friends dancing. I watch you out on the dance floor. Seeing you move and sway to the music with your friends. Admiring you, simply dressed in a sexy black clingy dress. No back to the dress as it falls down just to your lower back. As my eyes travel further down your short dress, I can't help but notice your lovely smooth thighs. I let my eyes look down you seeing you feet wrapped in sexy strappy stilettos.

I start by looking at how those sexy strappy stilettos that you are wearing wrap around your ankles. As I slowly follow those nice smooth legs back up. Imagining what you are wearing under your dress. Seeing how the black dress clings to your finely chiseled body. Leaving very little to the imagination as I admire the contour of your bare back. 

I finally muster the courage to go out and dance with you. I easily make a fool out of myself dancing with you. Hearing you giggle at me. Lucky for me a slow song comes on and you nestle up to me. Feeling your arms wrapped around me as my hands rest on your hips. Slowly swaying with you as I smell your sweet intoxicating perfume as your head rests on my chest. I find myself letting my hand slowly stroke up and down the soft skin of your bare back. As you look up at me and I can't help but kiss your soft inviting lips. I whisper to you to go talk somewhere a little quieter and you quickly agree with me. 

You follow me to a dark corner on the dance floor where we find an empty table. Sitting down at it as we face the floor, to my surprise I find you sitting on my lap. You lean back talking in my ear I can't help but kiss and nibble along your tender neck. As I do this, I feel your hand running along my outer thigh. Taking your lead I let my hand wander slowly up and down your bare thigh. From the slight purring I hear in my ear I can tell you don't mind this at all. With that I let my hand wander even further under your dress. Wandering up to the black lace G-string that you are wearing and from the nibbling and heavy breathing in my ear I take it you don't disapprove. At the same time you can feel my hardness grow as you slightly grind into me as you sit on my lap. The whole time I can just feel the dry lace G-string grow more and more damp as I lightly tease your lips beneath as we sit on the edge of dance floor. As I feel you still kissing on my ear lobe just driving me crazy I ask you if that's your friend heading this way. 

You look up to see your friend walking by us. She hadn't seen you until you looked up, reverses course and sits down to talk with you. Introducing her-self to me and continuing to talk non-stop with you. You lean up and on the table to better hear her. The whole time my hand is still slowly stroking along your inner thigh. She keeps asking you something and you're trying to get rid of her. You lean up even further as my hand slips to the side as she now has you fully engaged in a conversation. 

Finally you sit back down in my lap again still leaned over talking to your friend. I pick right back up where I left off letting my hand again slowly run up your inner thigh. This time however I adventure even further letting my hand slide your G-string aside. I slowly massage your clit sending tremors through you as you desperately try to concentrate talking to her. You try to get her to leave you lean up again. As you lean up you find something unexpected as you feel the head of my cock slowly pulsing along your moist velvet lips. 

With this discovery you lean back into me and easily slide me up inside in you. Your friend is looking at the dance floor leaning back talking to you. Not even looking at us as I grab your hips and slowly start slipping in and out of you. Totally unnoticed by your friend, I can feel you clenching my cock with your pussy Bree. Fucking me right out in front of everybody, right next to your friend. You can feel me fuck you to the rhythm of the song fast and slow, your friend the whole time talking to you oblivious to it all. What she is saying you have no idea, you are just enjoying the feel of my throbbing cock sliding through your pulsating lips. I slowly lift your dress up, admiring that fine tight ass nicely framed by your black G-string. Watching as it slowly slips up and down on my cock as you grind on me. You feel me let your dress slip back down. 

Your friend stands up and I barely hear her say she is going to help me out as she walks off towards the crowd. You don't hesitate, with my cock deep inside you still; you lean back against my chest. Grabbing my hair with your hands, you run your fingers through it. We feel the bass from the music pulse through our bodies as we fuck right in front of everyone unnoticed. You feel my hands run up your sides Bree. Running up to your full firm breast as I fondle and squeeze your breast through your dress. You feel my thumbs pinching at your hard erect nipples. As we hear the DJ play Closer. 

You reach down between your thighs, Bree, grinding your clit. The whole time I fondle your tits as you lean back kissing my lips. We are both in our own little world. You feel me start to tense up as you nibble on my neck. You reach down even further. Feeling my cock slide in and out of you, you don't stop. You start teasing my balls, driving me insane. Pushing me over the edge, you feel my whole body shutter as you feel a deep explosion deep inside your throbbing wetness. You feel your wet warm velvet lips start drawing my cock deeper inside you. I feel you milking my cock even more. I feel you climax with me buried deep inside you. Oh my God Bree. You feel so fucking good. I feel you slowly seeping your warm sweet honey over my balls. 

With this we both relax as you kiss on my lips with yours. We hear your friend come back as you are still sitting on my lap. She leans over and tells me to feed you a couple of these and I might get lucky with you tonight. She says something that you are quite the "Vanilla" gal. With that she drops off a couple shots of Patron and goes walking back off into the crowd.......