 I had been feeling particularly stressed over the past few weeks. Very little work had been coming in, and when my job is slow, I don't get any money. I've already had a tough time keeping up with my medical bills, I didn't need to start missing payments. On top of that, things have been rough with the family. Mom and dad have been arguing about stuff. Who knows what exactly. Things haven't been going well with my boyfriend either. That spark just wasn't there anymore...

I had to take all of this stress and release it somehow. The tension was building and thick enough to be cut with a knife. My friend suggested yoga, but I'm in no shape to be doing that kind of stuff. On the other hand, my mom suggested a massage. She had recently gotten one and felt like heaven for the next few weeks. I thought it was a silly idea, but my mom is a smart girl.

So I scanned the newspaper for advertisements and offers. Ling Wu Massage Parlor had a special going, 50% off their usual price. I didn't like the idea though, so I kept searching... searching. Kooky Cuts Salon and Spa! I've heard lots of good things about them. I clipped out the coupon for 30% off an appointment and called in.

A few days later, it was time for my appointment. I arrived and the place had a rather unique theme to it. A bunch of neon colors mixed with a jungle and safari theme. It sure was "kooky" in there. I sat in the reception area, waiting for my number to be called. I wondered who would be doing my massage as I looked at each of the employees. Would it be the ditzy blonde girl who didn't know how to close her mouth when chewing her bubblegum? The confident and overbearing brunette named Ingrid? Or would it be the other brunette? The red head?

My name was called out by the receptionist. I approached the counter and filled out a little form as the receptionist rushed to retrieve my therapist. I was a little surprised to find out that it was none of the women I saw earlier, but a man. He looked to be in his late 20s, brown, silky short hair. Green eyes like mine. He seemed like a nice guy with that warm smile across his face.

As he led me to our room, I wondered. I had never gotten a massage before, let alone from a man. What was it going to be like? Was he going to take advantage of the situation? No, he wouldn't! He must have when he first started his career, but now? Never. He seemed like a strapping young lad, a nice guy, a person you could trust to watch over your sick friends or family. I came up with all sorts of rationalizations to tell myself that he wouldn't pull any funny business.

As we entered the small, candle lit room, he told me his name. "Good afternoon, Cindy. My name is Derrek."

I couldn't help but reply with a shy 'Hi...'

"I'll give you a moment to get ready." he said, twisting the door knob and opening the door. "See you shortly." he said as he left.

'Get ready? For what?' I thought to myself. I'd never had a massage before, so I didn't know what I was supposed to do to get ready. I'd seen it in movies though. I unbuttoned my shirt and slipped it off, neatly folding it and placing it on the chair in the corner of the room. I unbuckled my belt and undid my jeans, folding them up as well. It felt kinda weird, standing there in a strange room in nothing but my bra and panties. I approached the table in the middle of the room and climbed on top, placing my face into the hole at the front of it, waiting for Derrek to return.

A moment passed by and I heard the door open again. "Ready?" he asked? He then followed up with, "Oh, uh... You'll have to remove your bra, too."

That seemed a bit shady, but after I thought about it, it made sense. I'm sure it would get in the way of the shoulder and back rubs. Without breaking contact with the table so he wouldn't see much, I struggled to reach for my bra clips, but to no avail. I sat up, but didn't look at him, then easily unlatched my bra. Without thinking, I hopped off of the table and placed it on my jeans and shirt on the chair in the corner of the room. I turned around to see him looking at me, a giggle forming deep within him.

"I should have specified before I left." he said with a bit of a chuckle. "Don't worry, I've seen enough to have seen them all."

I thought that was a little weird, but put it out of mind as I climbed back onto the table. The leather of the table was terribly cold against my now exposed breasts, causing me to shiver lightly.

Music and ambient noise turned on. It was a soothing island theme, mixed with the sound of crickets and faint ocean waves. I already felt relaxed. Without a word, his hands grasped my shoulders and began to work their magic. "Is this your first massage?" he asked.

"Mhmm." I mumbled as I lifted my head out of the hole and rested it down like I was laying on a pillow. I don't know why, but I kept my eyes closed. Perhaps it was his entrancing and silky touch that made my eyelids heavy.

His hands worked their way down to my back. He rotated his thumbs around my shoulderblades as he grasped just under my arms with the rest of his fingers. They felt dangerously close to my breasts, but they were sandwiched between me and the now warm table, so I put it out of mind. Then, he asked. "So tell me a little about yourself. What has you stressed and in need of a massage?"

I wasn't sure if talking was common during a massage, but I rolled with it. "Umm... well, I'm stressed about a lot of things... work, family, getting my bills in on time and my newborn daughter, mostly."

"You're a mother?" he asked. "Congratulations. It must be difficult, I know I was for my parents." he joked. "How old is she?"

"About a month old now." I replied. He was right, it was a difficult situation, but my thoughts about my daughter eased my mind and made me relax. Then I had a thought which brought me out of my relaxation. On the form I filled out for him, I listed my age, 19. What was going through his head? Was he judging me for being a mother at such a young age? Or did he not care?

His hands moved downward to my lower back and our conversation continued. We discussed which hobbies of mine make me feel most relaxed and at peace. We talked about long walks on the beach. As his fingers did their job, I felt like I was melting, like I was dripping off of the table. This was really relaxing and really made me feel much better about my admittedly mediocre life.

His hands moved even further down to my thighs. It was a strange feeling as he rubbed gently away, a stray finger finding its way to my inner thigh every now and then. "I feel a lot of tension here." he said as he rubbed a stiff muscle. "Have you been doing a lot of exercise lately?"

"Yeah." I said. "I've tried losing some of the weight from my pregnancy already. I think I ran about four miles yesterday."

"Impressive." he said with a tone of admiration. "You seem to be doing a good job, but you're putting a lot of unneeded strain on your legs." he said, rubbing down to my calves, then back up to my thighs. He seemed to spend a lot of time on my upper thighs, working out the stiffness and soreness. His hands vanished for a moment. I opened my eyes to see why, and he had walked over to a shelf. He grabbed a fluffy white towel and handed it to me. "Cover yourself up and turn around, I think I may need to work on the front of your legs as well.

I did as he asked. I draped the folded towel over my chest and turned around, laying down on my back. I closed my eyes again before his hands returned. As he continued his magical touch, from my lower thighs to just below my panties, dirty thoughts entered my mind. I tried to ignore them, but they persisted and grew stronger the longer he worked on my thighs.

I opened my eyes and looked down at him. He had his eyes closed as he rubbed away. The thoughts continued and I said, "I'm feeling a bit of stress elsewhere, too."

He ceased his massage and looked towards me. "Where?"

I pulled the white towel off of my chest and dropped it to the floor. "Here." I said.

His look changed to a mixture of puzzle and shock. "There?"

I nodded silently.

He tilted his head slightly. "You're sure?" he asked, to which I responded with another nod. He shrugged and moved closer, then placed a finger on my breast, as if to test the waters.

I responded by closing my eyes and leaning my head backwards with a smile on my face.

I felt more fingers. They gently swirled around, filling me with a sense of pleasure. I could feel him squeezing gently, followed by his palms making contact. More squeezing. More rubbing. It all felt magical.

He continued his massage for what felt like ten or twenty minutes. We passed the time by giggling, flirting and talking about our romance life. He was recently divorced. According to him, his ex-wife felt he was pushing the subject of starting a family too hard. I felt kind of sorry for him, his ex-wife seemed to have thrown away a perfectly fine young man.

After a rather lengthy breast massage, I was all warmed up and ready to go. Without thinking and completely ignoring my conscience, I decided to get the ball rolling. "I feel like I need a massage elsewhere..." I said.

"Feeling stress there, too?" he asked.

I shook my head. "No, I just want your hands working their magic." I said, turning around on the table and giving myself a light spank.

His hands instinctively knew what to do. He reached his hands up through the legs holes of my panties and caressed my butt. His fingers wanted to and fro; they poked though the waistline of my panties, they tickled my hips, they pinched, they rubbed.

He didn't even ask before he pulled his hands back out and hooked his fingers around my wasteline, pulling my panties down to my mid thighs. It shocked me at first, but I knew that I wanted it. Deep down, I liked where this was going.

He continued. His magic hands knew no bounds, massaging my lower back, my upper thighs, and all things in between.

I was ready. I turned around and I watched his eyes drifted down to my pussy, as did his fingers. Before he began, I called out his name. "Derrek... fuck me."

He looked up at me and smiled, then began to unbuckle his belt. He unzipped his pants and pulled his boxers down just enough to unleash his cock and told me to turn around. I did as he asked, leaning onto the massage table with anticipation for what was to come. His hands grasped my hips and pulled me closer. I could feel his cock press up against my butt; He gently thrusted back and forth, grinding on my cheeks as if to warm up. After a moment of that, he leaned over me, whispering into my ear, "Are you sure this is what you want?"

I was both sure and unsure at the same time. On the one hand, quick thoughts about my boyfriend entered my mind. Was I really about to do this? Was I really about to cheat on him with some total stranger? On the other, my primal urges, my hormones and the heat of the moment were pushing me to go forward and have sex with Derrek. The two conflicting thoughts clashed in my mind for what felt like minutes, but likely only amounted to seconds. In the end, my boyfriend slipped from my mind and I looked back at Derrek and nodded silently with an eager smile.

"But..." I started, then broke the grip he had on my hips. I climbed onto the massage table, laying down on my back. After I had gotten comfortable, I spread my legs and made a motion with my fingers for him to come over. "...this should be better."

He studied me up and down before he grabbed his cock and guided it to my pussy. I looked deep into his green eyes and he looked into mine; at last, the moment was finally here. When he pushed in, I couldn't help but close my eyes for a brief moment. Perhaps it was guilt, or perhaps I just wanted to imagine he was my boyfriend. But it didn't last, as I opened my eyes again and we locked in on each other when he started to push back and forth.

Our conversations ceased for the most part. The only communication we gave each other were quick blurts saying things like 'deeper' and 'faster'. We locked lips multiple times, overcome by passion as we whispered to each other how much we loved each other. His pace quickened and the pleasure increased dramatically.

He was pretty good. Bigger than my boyfriend and much more experienced. He seemed to be an expert, finding my g-spot and hitting it repeatedly as we made love. I played with my breasts as he pushed up and down, kissing him repeatedly until I couldn't bare it anymore.

"Oh god, oh god... it's coming, oh god!" I said, breathing heavily as I could feel the orgasm approaching. When I said it, he pushed harder and faster. I could barely contain myself, I was so overcome with intense passion. I started moaning loudly with each thrust, not caring if people elsewhere in the salon might hear me, but they likely didn't. Eventually, it all came to a climax. I quickly gained control, holding in what would have likely been a loud scream, instead expressing my joy and the pleasure I was feeling with a deep breath, an uncontrollable giggle and a wide smile.

The whole world just disappeared around me. I was focused on the pleasure that was racing through every part of me. Derrek's rythmic thrusting seemed to match my heightened heart beat, but I'm sure I was just imagining things. After a few moments, it all started to die down and I was regaining control over my senses.

When I finally snapped back to reality, I realised that Derrek was still on top of me, still pounding away, quicker, harder and deeper than before. Guilt washed over me. "Derrek." I said.

It was too late. He was silent, and just as I had begun to ask him to get off of me, he sighed deeply. I could feel him cumming and it sent a chill down my spine and my skin rippled with goosebumps. My heart started racing and he kissed me. It felt so magical for some reason, despite what I had just done. My conscience quieted down as we continued kissing.

He pulled out and our eyes met once again. "That was fun." he said, zipping his pants up.

"Yeah..." I replied.

"So... is the stress gone?" he asked.

I thought about it while I slipped my panties up. I was worried that I had just cheated on my boyfriend with a total stranger. In a spa no less. But I'll be honest, the magic we made, the love we made... it wiped away most of the stress and most of the doubts I'd been feeling over the past few months. I didn't care about my late bills, the arguments my parents were having, the suffering relationship with my boyfriend. Very little of that mattered anymore, but my conscience still pulled at me.

After a lengthy pause, I nodded. "For the most part." I said, leaning into him and wrapping my arm around him. I grabbed his crotched through is pants. "And I have you to thank for that!"

Derrek laughed and walked over to the counter while I retrieved my clothes. As I put my clothes back on, he handed me a business card. "If you feel stressed in the future, you know who to come to."

I looked up at him and down back at the card, then took it. "Thanks." I said. I reached into my wallet and pulled out two $20s and a $10, then gave them to him. "See you around, maybe."

He nodded.

I walked over to the door and hesitated as I put my hand on the door knob. I tried to act natural, as if no funny business had happened and walked out into the salon. It looked at the business card. His name, number and the address of the salon was all that was on it. After some final thoughts, I dropped it into the trash can as I made my way out into the parking lot and vowed never to return to that salon again.