 You tell me to be ready by 7:00, you're taking me to a show but gave no further details. I spent the evening preparing myself for your pleasure. I'm wearing a new matching red, lacy bra and panty set under a conservative little black dress that I bought especially for you. I place a delicate pair of strappy heels on my feet and my long legs are covered to my thighs with sheer black stockings. I hope you'll be pleased with my appearance and that you'll enjoy taking your time stripping me down after our date at the theatre. 

You promptly show up at 7:00, I walk to your car where you greet me with a gentle hug and a sweet little kiss on the neck. I wanted you to wrap your strong arms around me and let me feel the strength of your shoulders but instead you simply open my car door and wait for me to be seated inside. We drive a short distance and pull into the parking valet of a rather ordinary looking building. I look at you with a confused face as we exit the car and head for the door. You reassure me with a little smile as the doorman opens the door so we can enter. 

The room appears to be a dimly lit lounge with a few people sitting about sipping cocktails and chatting. You take my hand and lead me through the room and down a long dark hallway. This isn't what I had in mind when you told me we were seeing a show but I trust you so I don't question you. We enter a smaller room that's furnished with oversized couches and love seats. It's even darker than the lounge, only lit enough to know that people are in there with us but not so bright that I can see any details other than their silhouettes. In the front of the room there appears to be some sort of stage. In the very center of it I can see some sort of restraints suspended from the ceiling and some sort of padded contraption that I can only guess what it could possibly be used for. 

We settle onto a leather love seat directly in front of the stage. I know you can sense how nervous I am about being here. You pull me close you you and wrap your arm around my shoulders. You tell me how happy you are to be sharing this night with me and you start to rub them to help me to relax. As soon as I start to settle, the lights aimed at the stage in front of us becomes a little brighter. 

A moment later a door opens and a woman wearing nothing but a black thong and heels is led by two shirtless men in black trousers. She is short, maybe 5'3" with an athletic build. Her hair is black and styled in a short bob which contrasts against her fair skin. Her beautiful breasts, while much smaller than mine were decorated with small silver hoops through each of her long hard nipples. The men guide her to the center of the room and begin to touch her all over her body. You can tell she's excited by their touch as she slowly sways her hips to their caresses. They slowly guide her to the padded contraption and bend her over at the waist. We're seated so that we have a perfect view of her ass which is now sticking straight up for our viewing pleasure. 

As the men she's with slowly ease the thong off of her ass, I begin to feel the wetness between my own legs start to flow. I look at you and you smile at me knowing how excited this is making me, but you say nothing. You continue to rub my shoulder and nod in the direction at the stage signaling me to continue to watch. I look back at the girl and her thong is completely off now. Her outstretched arms have been bound to the contraption parallel to the ground. One man is slowly pushing his cock in and out of her mouth from the tip all the way to the base of his shaft. She takes it all without hesitation as he pulls at the rings piercing her nipples. The other man is working two fingers in and out of her slick pussy and alternating between slapping each of her ass cheeks. Her ass looks warm and red from the attention. I can hear starting to moan. 

I am so turned on by what's happening on the stage that I absentmindedly reach up under my dress and start rubbing myself over my panties and look up at you. It's no surprise that my pussy is so wet that they're soaked through the crotch. You lean down and whisper in my ear telling me to watch the stage and not to do anything more to myself than I'm already doing. You tell me that my release will come later. 

I look back to the girl on the stage who is now having her wet pussy pounded while continuing to suck the other's cock. I can tell she is close as her moaning has become a dick muffled scream. I'm so excited by the scene before me that I want to cum and I don't care that we're not alone. I feel your hand reach down over mine and you begin to rub my wetness along with me. The girl on the stage is convulsing with pleasure and as she finishes her climax, the two men simultaneously pull out and start to spray streams of hot jizz all over her body. She is thoroughly ravished and sticky and spent and looks sexy as hell. 

I want you, and I want you now, and I'll do anything to have you inside me this instant. I crawl up onto you straddling your lap and wrap my hands around your neck. I start to kiss you as I grind my hot wet pussy on your thick hard cock. You look into my eyes and place your hands on my hips slowing my tempo. You know how much I want you to bring me the pleasure that only you can give to me. 

As soon as I settle into a slower rhythm you move your hands to the nape of my neck and work the zipper of my dress down to the small of my back. You glide the straps of my dress down my arms. I know I've made the right choice because you smile when you see my large breasts held snugly by my red lace bra. You start to caress them and can feel how excited my erect nipples have become. You pinch them lightly and I moan with pleasure. I'm so worked up that I wonder how much more I can take before I completely lose control. You sense this and stand me up. You let my dress fall down over my hips and onto the floor. You turn me around and pull me back onto your lap. You start to rub my clit through my red lace panties with one hand and continue with pinching my nipples with the other. 

We're both facing the stage again which is now occupied by two beautiful women. One looks to be in her early twenties, the other in her mid to late forties, they resemble each other and I can't help but wonder if they are related. The younger woman is completely naked, blindfolded and bound at the wrists from the restraints hanging from the ceiling. Her ankles are attached to a spreader bar allowing full access to her naughty bits. The older woman is wearing matching black bra and panties with garter and silk stockings and heels. Older woman is working a vibrator against the younger girls wet slit while alternating between taking each of her nipples between her teeth. I continue to watch as the girl wriggles in pleasure. I can see her wetness dripping down the insides of her thighs. I know how badly she wants to cum because I do too. 

The woman who has been violating her suddenly stops, reaches down and pulls a glass butt plug from a small satin pouch by her feet. She raises the glass plug to the girls mouth and glides it in. Once the plug is wet with the girls saliva she removes it from her mouth. She spreads her ass cheeks apart and inserts it into the girls little puckered asshole and then continues to assault her clit with the vibrator. I have a good view of her ass and I'm amazed at how lovely the clear glass intruder opens her ass for all to see. 

I am so worked up about the scene playing out before my eyes combined with the attention you've been giving my clit and the hard cock against my ass that I start to feel my release coming on. I don't even know how I can be ready to cum without even having gotten my panties removed. I start to moan softly as you nip at my neck and pick up the pace on my clit. 

I'm surrounded by strangers and the thought of climaxing with them hearing is sending me over the edge. I call out your name and tell you I'm cumming. As I start to release, I look back to the stage. The girl starts cumming too. I can see her cum squirting out all over the older woman's hand and vibrator. I've never seen anything so beautiful in my life. After she finishes, she slumps over having spent all her energy on such a deliciously wet orgasm. My own orgasm subsiding was intense, but you're not finished with me yet and as always, I'm not even close to being finished receiving your pleasure. 

As I settle from my orgasmic high, you gently caress my back and shoulders keeping me in the moment. I watch as the older woman removes the girl's restraints and leads her off of the stage. You turn my head to face you. "I know what you need, and I know how you want me to give it to you," you tell me. You place your hands on my hips and help me into a standing position. You take me by the hand and lead my up to the recently vacated stage. 

I know that we're on display for everyone to see and the thought of being the center of attention is making my sweet pussy drip for you. I'm scared but this is something that I want. I'm so turned on that you know this, and that you are willing to do it for me. You place me so that I'm facing the audience. You're standing behind me and running your hands up and down the sides of my body. I can feel your hard cock pressing against my bottom. You're kissing my neck because you know how much it turns me on. 

You un-clasp my brasier and slide the straps off of my shoulders to expose my breasts. I'm so caught in the moment that I've stopped worrying about my public display. You squeeze my round globes and pinch my nipples making me weak in the knees. You pause for a moment to pull something out of the pocket of your trousers and then return your attention to my breasts. You gently attach a small clamp to each of my nipples. The pressure is firm and slightly uncomfortable at first but after a moment the discomfort subsides and I can feel the blood pooling in them causing them to look slightly engorged and darker than normal. You look down at them with a devilish smile on your face and gently start to flick at them with your tongue. The sensation is unbelievable, almost unbearable as the clamps have made my stiff nipples hypersensitive. 

I cry out in a mix of pleasure and pain but you don't stop. I can feel the wetness between my legs start to drip down my thighs. It's as if you can sense me, or perhaps it's that you can smell that I've never been as ready for you as I am right now. As if on queue you finally decide to remove my red silk panties and completely expose me to the room. At this point I don't care, I'll do anything for you as long as you make me cum. 

"Spread your legs and remain perfectly still," you tell me, and I gladly comply. My shaved sticky-wet pussy is exposed to the room. Standing behind me, you reach around and begin to work my clit. You use a slow, soft, circling motion which feels like heaven. I want you to get me off and I know you want to get off as well because your cock, which is pressing into my ass feels so hard I think it could rip right through your pants. 

"Do you want your pussy licked?," you ask me. "Beg me to have your pussy licked Megan!" you command. In this moment I want it so bad that I'll do anything to feel your tongue on my wet hole. 

"Please, please I want my pussy licked, I want my pussy licked so badly," I beg. You smile at me and nod to a woman who had been sitting alone by the corner of the stage. 

The woman walks onto the stage, completely clothed in a pair of trousers and a blouse. She drops to her knees and starts licking my clit as you hold me from behind. I don't want it to be her, I want it to be you who is licking my cunt but the pleasure she's starts giving begins to make me feel indifferent. At this point I don't care who is giving me pleasure, I just want to get off. As she continues to eat me, you reach your hand down between my and lightly caress the opening of my fuck hole. I want it so badly and you know it, but you won't give it to me unless I beg you. 

"Please, please put it in me! I need to feel you in me!," I plead. You slowly start to work your finger in and out of my cunt. I grind my pussy to meet each thrust you deliver. It doesn't take long before I'm about to explode, my nipples are on fire, a strange woman is working my clit with her tongue like nobody's business, and you're finger banging me like never before. All of these sensations combined with the fact that I know I'm being watched pushes me to the brink. You sense it and unclasp my nipples with your free hand. The blood flow that is suddenly unblocked sends a jolt through my titties. "Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god!," I scream in pleasure, "I'm cumming so fucking hard!" My body tenses up and my pussy gets so tight that you struggle just to keep your fingers inside of me. My body seizes as waves of pleasure wash over it. I can't take anymore and my legs start to give but you keep me from falling. 

Your half carry me back to the couch and lay me down, I close my eyes to rest knowing that you will care for me. To help me get comfortable, and to position me for more pleasure, You gently drape one of my legs over the back of couch, then place the other leg and on the floor. In this position, my pussy is splayed open for you. You sit down and look at my pussy which is still twitching from orgasm and dripping with my cum. You lean your head down and rest it at my open slit. You know what I need after a hard release and you're ready to give it to me. You wedge your mouth between my legs and stick out your tongue allowing me to gently rub my dripping pussy back and forth across it. You drink my sweet nectar down your throat knowing that this will have me ready to go again within a few minutes. 

As I savor the feeling of your hot breath and tongue on my open slit. I open my eyes to get a better look at you pleasuring me and notice that we're not alone. Two couples are sitting on the next couch over watching you lick my sweet honey. I love the thought of being live porn for them and want to make sure we give them a good show. By now you've worked me back into sexual overload by licking my pussy like only you can do but I want your cock to push me over the brink. 

I pull at your shoulders to guide you into a seated position as I reposition myself on my knees between your legs. I take your hot throbbing dick in my throat. I want to make sure it's nice and slick with my saliva before I take it into my tight wet pussy. I take my time with your cock, slowly licking up and down your shaft. At the base, I make certain to lick and gently suck your sack, taking it into my mouth. I can't wait to steal the juice from your nuts into my wanting pussy. I continue back on your cock, kissing and running my tongue along the tip before wrapping my mouth around it completely. I take you all the way in and force my lips as far as I can get, which is almost to the bottom before I gag a little. I keep you in this position as long as I can without taking a breath. All the while massaging you with my tongue. When I can't take anymore, I ease you back out of my mouth for just a second and then repeat the process looking up into your eyes the whole time. My mouth is so full of thick saliva that strands of it connect from my mouth to the tip of your cock as I come up for air. As I continue the process, my throat starts to open and I'm now able to take all of you deep into my throat. I love when you shoot your hot load down my throat but tonight I want it elsewhere. I can feel your getting close, but it's not how I want it so I pause to delay your release. 

After a moment I stand up and slowly position myself into a sitting position over your cock. I ease myself down slowly savoring every inch of you in my tight hole. Your cock feels like it was molded specifically for my pussy. As I ride your cock, I'm looking at the two couples. The men are both watching us sitting on the couch while their ladies are sucking their dicks. I start rubbing my titties and my clit as I ride up and down on your fuck stick. It feels so good, I never want this feeling to end. As I start to climax, I feel waves of pleasure roll through my body. My body seizes so hard that I'm afraid I'll hurt your cock with my gripping pussy. But it doesn't hurt, it feels wonderful and it's just what you needed to push you over the edge. Your cock explodes with what seems like buckets of hot cum. I can feel it shoot deep inside as I ride the final waves of my orgasm. I lay back into you and relax, remaining completely still except for the twitchy spasms that continue to erupt through my body. You wrap your arms around me and caress me as I come down from the high you've given me. 

I look to the other couch, the men have just shot their loads down their ladies' throats. The girls remove their mouths from their cocks and turn to each other. They begin kissing and swapping the remainder of unswallowed cum between them. One of the men comment about how much the girls love to eat cum. He says they'll eat it anyway you can give it to them. This gives you a devilish idea. 

You call the girls over to us. You tell them you have something for them to eat. You lift me up and help me into a sitting position next to you. They slowly they make their way between our legs. One girl takes your cock in her mouth and gently starts to clean it of all the cum with her tongue. The other starts licking the cum that's been slowly sliding out of my freshly fucked cunt. We kiss each other as the two ladies clean the cum from us. 

After a thorough cleaning from the two unknown women, we collect our things and you take me home. We shower and then spend the rest of the evening in each other's loving embrace. I'm so thankful for you. And thankful for what you've shared with me tonight.