 When the sun found its way through the window, Bill was already awake and holding Allison happily in his arms, her hair tickling his nose, her scent intoxicating him. It would be so easy to just make love to her now, to show her all the intimate activities two people shared. But his mind refused to allow that. He knew, just as surely as he knew his name, that this woman was meant to be his wife, his lifetime love, his best friend. He wanted their lovemaking to be a celebration. 

Leaning down, he kissed her nose and began whispering tender words into her ear. "I love you, Allison. Wake up and share the day with me. We have the whole day ahead of us, then tomorrow, then every tomorrow for the rest of our lives."

Allison opened her eyes to the face of her beloved. She smiled and yawned, stretching, her body seductively pressed against his. It all came back to her, the day of flirting and learning, the evening with the exchange of vows, going to her bed with a man for the first time. Now, she was waking with her love, something she wanted to do for the rest of her life. She wrapped her arms around him and pulled his face close to hers, their nose bumping, their lips meeting.

Bill was a success in business because he was able to make a decision and execute the plan, and his judgement was sound. So it was this morning. He decided that he was going to marry his Allison, and when they finally made love, she would be his wife.

For her part, Allison knew she had found her true match. If she never knew more about him than she knew today, it was enough. This man was good, loving, kind and wonderful. She had the rest of her life to learn anything else she might need.

"I am thinking of a wonderful day. Will you join me, Allison? Will you spend this day with me?" he whispered. Her dazzling smile was all the response he needed. As she snuggled against him, she became aware of the nakedness of their bodies. Last night, she had been drunk with passion and desire. Today, she was suddenly shy. Sensing this, Bill left the bed and walked into the bathroom. He left the lights off and the room was softly lit only by the candles he found there. Removing his shorts, he started the shower and called to Ally, inviting her to join him.

She was shy, but she was also a woman in love. She couldn't pass this opportunity to be with Bill, learn new things, share another new experience. Ally quickly climbed from the bed, shedding her satin underclothing, and entering the shower. It was cozy there, the candle light glowing through the curtain, Bill filling the space with his presence. His hands were soapy and warm, finding her naked body and covering it with lather. He used no cloth, just his palms, finding their way over her flesh, cupping her breasts, sliding over her soft skin, finally moving between her legs to cleanse her. She cried out more than once at the pleasurable feelings he was creating. His hands moved up and down her spine, pulling her close to him, shaping her willing flesh. He moved her under the spray and wet her hair, then shampooed it, playing with the long strands, creating intricate hairstyles. Ally felt so pampered and loved. His hands never stopped, moving and learning, inciting her body with his touch. Finally, he rinsed her and declared she was sparkly clean. 

Now, it was Allison's turn. She filled her palm with the scented liquid soap, warming it before she touched her love. Then, she began washing him, his lovely furry chest, his muscular back. It was incredibly sensuous, touching him so lightly, yet intimately. Finally, she stood close to him, cupping his ass cheeks in her hands, feeling his manhood taut against her. They kissed and he throbbed. Ally felt the now familiar ache between her legs and wondered how they would be able to wait another minute. She pulled away from his tempting lips and looked down at him. Even in the dim light, she could see clearly his engorged cock. It was so lovely, so hard. Her soapy palms slid down his chest, moving into his curlies and touching his hot cock for the first time. She loved the texture, the smoothness, the slickness.

Bill almost came from her touch. He wanted her so much, and finding her so willing and trusting excited him. Still, he moved away from her, rinsing himself and keeping some distance between them. "Do you trust me, Ally?" he asked.

"With my life, Sir" she replied.

"I love you, Allison. I know it is sudden, I know you haven't had time to consider much about this, but I want to spend my life with you. I want that life to start today. Trust me, little one, please?"

Allison was overwhelmed with the love she felt for him. Reaching for his hands, she quietly promised to join her life with his. They kissed once more and then stepped from the shower.

Bill was content to watch her. He sat on the bed, wrapped in a towel, as Ally stood at the counter, drying her hair. He watched as she selected lingerie and dressed. He watched as she applied her cologne and started to dress. He watched, knowing today would be the first of many that he would appreciate this process. She moved fluidly, effortlessly, around the room. Without trying, she was the perfect seductress, making his heart pound and his cock hard. It throbbed beneath his towel, making him ache.

Ally, feeling uncomfortable at first, was now enjoying his attention. She moved around the dressing area, knowing he was absorbing every detail of her preparation, and she was incredibly excited. She saw his cock throbbing against the towel and felt the ache between her legs intensify. She felt womanly and powerful and madly in love.

Not sure what the day included, she dressed in well-worn jeans and a sweater. Thick bobby socks and sneakers completed the outfit. Bill was astonished he ever thought her childlike. She was the most womanly female he had ever met. She slipped his earrings through her lobes, feeling them dangle gently against her skin. 

Bill wore his sweat suit from yesterday. Still, he made her heart pound and her mouth dry. She hoped it would always be like this.

He was being very secretive. "I need to go by my house and change clothes, if that is alright with you, Ally," he said. They walked out to his car, and he helped her in, closing the door carefully behind her. They drove for about 20 minutes, pulling up to a gated home. He touched a button in the car and the gate opened. The driveway was long and winding, the house coming into view after nearly 5 minutes. Ally couldn't believe this was his house! The door opened before they had even stopped, and a maid came out, smiling at them.

Ally didn't really get to ask all the questions bubbling in her mind. The maid escorted them into a beautiful room, graciously furnished and sunny. There was a buffet set up there, with enough food for a party. Ally and Bill filled plates and began eating, with Ally holding back all the amazement she felt. Bill was nearly bursting with excitement. He wanted to dazzle her, impress her, please her. He watched her eat, enjoying the strong appetite she had for everything. Then he excused himself to go change. Leaving her alone, he went upstairs to make some phone calls and dress. He returned in a pair of gray wool trousers, a finely handsewn white shirt and a spiffy blue blazer. He had patted on a bit of Obsession, making Allison's heart wildly skip beats. 

The look in Ally's eyes, when he entered the room, was worth everything. She looked at him with such love, such warmth, it almost made him forget the rest of the plans and just stay here with her forever. But that wasn't what he wanted.

The doorbell rang and he excused himself once again, returning quickly to her side. He stood before her, dropped to one knee and looked up at her radiant face. "I love you, Allison. I want to marry you and live with you all the days of my life. I want to protect you and share with you and grow old with you. Please, Allison, do me the honor of becoming my wife."

She didn't have to think about it. Allison knew that no one would ever be more perfect for her. He had been made for her and she for him. A tear rolled down her flushed cheek as she happily said, "Yes, please." 

He presented a small box to Allison. "I want you to have this, to wear it and know that with it comes my abiding love and devotion." He opened the box and revealed a beautiful ring. The stone was sparkling with brilliant colors, the setting was antique and intricate. "It is a ring that has been in my family for generations. I have saved it, waiting for the perfect woman. Now, I have found you and it is yours."

He slipped it onto her left ring finger, and she marvelled at the perfect fit. He stood and took her into his arms, kissing her and holding her close. 

"Trust me, little one, this is going to be a weekend to remember!" Taking her arm, he led her outside to the car. As they drove down the long drive, they held hands and chattered happily. "We have many errands to accomplish, then a grand party to attend. I hope that is all right with you."

Ally would have followed him anywhere. She happily gave herself up to him, allowing him to set the pace for the day. They pulled up to an exclusive shop, one she had never even entered before. As they walked in the door, an expensively dressed woman came forward, introducing herself as Samantha. She quickly whisked Allison away, taking her to a large, elegantly decorated dressing room and promising to return soon. When she did, her arms were laden with clothing of all textures and types. She had brought fragile lingerie, delicate sleepwear and many incredibly beautiful dresses. Bill had given Samantha instructions to give Allison anything she wanted. With her encouragement, Ally tried everything. She was hesitant, but selected gowns and lingerie that were just too wonderful to leave behind. Finally, Samantha helped Ally dress, complimenting her skin, her figure, her face. She had selected gossamer creamy lace lingerie and sheer hosiery. Finally, a delicate, creamy silk dress, that fit Allison as if made for her. It emphasized her girlish figure, but also made her look quite womanly. Sam offered her assistance in arranging Allison's long hair, pulling it up in a soft bun, with tiny curls framing her glowing face. No makeup was needed, Allison was lit from within. She looked into the mirror, awed by her reflection, anxious to return to Bill. 

When Allison walked into the salon, Bill gazed at her with such love, she blushed. He, too, had selected several beautiful gowns and teddies for Ally, which the saleslady packed carefully in boxes. 

Ally couldn't help admiring their reflection in a mirror. What a handsome couple! She was asizzle with happiness, giggles spilling from her. Bill was still being mysterious, his plans coming together nicely. When they left the shop, Bill took Ally driving. Just in and out of neighborhoods, aimlessly. They talked and held hands and shared even more of their lives. Ally wondered why they were all dressed up, what was planned, but she refused to ask. She trusted Bill and was having fun.

Sometimes, he would pull the car over and gather her in his arms, kissing her deeply. She wanted to continue kissing him forever. She had never been happier, never felt safer or more at peace than when she was with him.

They did accomplish some errands, but most of the day was spent wandering and doubling back. Finally, he pulled into a large parking lot, turning to Ally and asking her once again to be his wife.

Her heart was linked with his, and she couldn't wait to join her life with his. He opened the door and led her into the best phase of her life.

TO BE CONTINUED.....