 Chapter 6: The Night

Allison couldn't think of a better day than this one. Bill was everything she had ever wanted and she was so grateful that he was going to be her first lover. She also felt sure he would be her last lover, but didn't know how to tell him. For his part, Bill had found the woman he had been waiting for his whole life. He had been involved with various women but had never wanted to commit, to settle with any of them. Now, he had Allison, and she was the perfect sum of all his dreams.

As Friday slipped into night, the two of them were falling deeper into love. Bill's plan had worked well, Ally was comfortable and aroused at the same time. They had necked throughout the day, perfecting the blending of their lips and hearts. Now, they snuggled on the sofa, watching the fire and listening to music from the 40's, all the classics that told the story of love and longing. Allison was ready for more. She snuggled against Bill and wrapped her arms around him, feeling his body fit against hers.

Her eager hands pulled his sweatshirt up, exposing his softly furred chest to her exploration. Again her fingers were drawn to his nipples, doing the things she wanted him to do for her, making him sigh with pleasure. Finally, Bill decided that they should be twins. He reached down, his fingers grasping the lower edge of her shirt, looking into her eyes, seeing permission there. Slowly he raised the shirt. Her arms eagerly pulled free, and he slipped it over her head. Her skin was golden in the firelight. Her eyes were full of love and passion, already growing heavy with desire. He pulled her against him, feeling her hard nipples and full breasts against his chest. His fingers raced up and down her spine, wanting so much to touch, but afraid of frightening her with his boldness. 

Ally turned onto her back, taking his hands and placing them on her breasts. He cupped the soft flesh, warming them, molding them. "There is a tiny clasp right there, my darling. Please. I am ready and I ache to feel your hands on me, touching me. Make me yours, Bill. Teach me, please," she whispered.

Bill opened the delicate hook, running his finger up and down that narrow valley of soft skin, inhaling her delicious scent. He kissed her there, licking and sucking along the exposed flesh, listening to her moans of satisfaction. Her words had inflamed him and he knew it would be easy to just take her now, his body plunging into hers. But he also knew that a woman only has one first experience and he wanted hers to be perfect. He nuzzled away her bra, his lips roaming over the soft swells of her breasts. He moved slowly, alternating between them, wanting her pleasure to be complete. He traced the orbs with his tongue, dwelling on the soft underside of each, learning the texture of her body. Her scent filled his nostrils, something soft and understated, but acting like a drug on his mind. He wanted Allison. He knew that, but he also knew he wanted her forever. So he was willing to take his time, to teach her slowly and lovingly the ways of lovers. When his lips finally reached her taut nipple, she cried out with delight. Her fingers slid into his hair, holding him to her chest, arching her back.

Her voice was a whisper, murmuring her pleasure. Bill pulled her nipple deeply into his mouth, nursing on it, softly and rhythmically. Allison felt her hips swaying in time with him. Her fingers raked his scalp, her breath was short and quick. Bill lingered on her breasts, making love to them. When he finally raised his face to hers, he saw the look of bliss in her eyes. He moved up, pulling her body along his, holding her close. "Ah, little one, there is so much to teach you. So much to share. We have all the time in the world. Your happiness means everything to me. I love you, Allison."

Ally gently kissed his lips, whispering words of love into his mouth, binding herself to him. She wanted to pleasure him also. Her lips moved over his face, down his neck, creating a trail of sensual delight. She rubbed her soft cheek on his chest, enjoying the feel of his taut muscles under the matting of hair. Her mouth found his nipple, so tiny and hard. She flicked her tongue over it and beamed at his instant response. Now, she repeated what she had learned, licking and sucking on each. She listened to his heart race and was pleased to be able to give him pleasure. She stretched full length on his body, her legs matching his, feeling his excitement pressing against her, knowing that lesson would come soon.

Bill held Allison against his body, longing to continue, but knowing it was too fast. He wanted Ally to learn slowly and well. He rubbed her naked spine, feeling her full breasts pressed to his chest. They kissed and touched, talking of desire and need, knowledge gained and knowledge to come. It grew late. Ally raised her head from his chest to look at him, really look into his beautiful blue eyes. "I love you, Bill. I want to spend tonight with you, being with you, waking with you. I know i am safe with you. Will you stay me tonight, my love?"

Bill's smile was dazzling. There was nothing he wanted more than to spend the night with this woman. Except to spend his life with her. As difficult as it was, they pulled apart and stood. Their bodies moved together, as if by magnetic force, for one last kiss. Then, they began the nightly tasks of preparing for bed. They carried dishes to the kitchen, rinsing and loading the dishwasher. They locked doors and closed the fireplace. They blew out candles and stopped the music. Then, they walked hand in hand to Ally's bedroom. 

She was amazed she didn't feel shy or frightened. They stood close together, facing each other and removed their sweatpants. Now they were twins again. Ally in her creamy tap pants and Bill in his briefs. They moved to either side of the bed, turning down the covers for their first night together. Ally climbed into the big bed, moving to the middle. Bill lit a candle on the nightstand, and lowered the lights. Then he settled near Ally, taking her into his arms again. Her head fit perfectly on his shoulder, her arm encircled his chest. The quilt was wrapped around them, cocooning their bodies in warmth. Words spilled from both, life stories and hopes and dreams. Kisses interrupted many sentences. As if a spoken agreement, tonight was for holding and sharing. Her legs slipped between his, their arms wrapped them together. Their hearts beat against each other. She felt his soft breath in her hair, his fingers on her bare back. 

They planned the weekend, the whole weekend to share before reality interrupted them. Kisses, giggles, sighs and whispers marked the night. Finally, Allison slept and Bill held her still, marveling at fate for giving him such a gift.

he meant to stay awake, to remember every minute of the night. but soon, he was asleep too. All night, as they slept, they held each other close. Dreams of that day and the days to come flitted through, nearly shared between them. The night wrapped them in happiness and love, the morning greeted them with light and song.

TO BE CONTINUED...