 The days are long, hot and sultry. Tonight the air is still and the humidity is high, only the sounds of the night creatures and the occasional whisper of a slight breeze stirring the trees break the silence. The atmosphere is heavy with the threat of thunder making Morgan's skin tingle, the strong scent of anticipated rain pervading her nostrils. The temperature is still sitting on 30'c, making it impossible to sleep as she stares at the ceiling fan hypnotically whooshing around stirring the air, the draft barely tickling her flesh as it wafts across her sweat glistened skin. 

She glances at the vacant space beside her in her bed and wonders sadly when her lover will return from his assignment, anticipating his arrival in her mind as he has been gone a month and she misses his presence terribly. After tossing and turning for what seems like hours, naked legs and arms tangled in the sheets, she rises from her bed and makes her way down the stairs and heads outside towards the swimming pool.

Mocking the darkness, the full moon casts its diffused light over the garden, illuminating the pathway as she walks on down to the pool past the flowering jasmine whose heady scent is intoxicating in the damp night air. She looks around the pool enclosure; it is large and surrounded on all sides by a profusion of tropical shrubs and palm trees, a dense mixture of colours and textures and heights, which ensure total privacy. The vegetation is lit up from below by a series of hidden outdoor spotlights, the light refracting off the surface of the leaves making it look like a fairy grotto with the pool light giving off its ethereal blue green glow under the water, so inviting in the hot stillness of the night. 

Morgan stands by the edge of the pool and stares down at the beckoning water at her feet, completely smooth like a sheet of toughened glass. Closing her eyes she holds her breath and stretches, curving her spine into a graceful arc before she dives gracefully into the waiting water, barely creating a ripple as she pierces the surface. It feels like warm silk gliding across her naked skin, caressing her as she slides through it, cooling her as she slowly swims back and forth before floating about on her back and staring at the night sky above her, her thoughts lost in the myriad of stars suspended in the velvety blackness as she listens to the sounds of the crickets and the haunting call of the night owl. 

After relaxing for a few minutes, Morgan senses a presence behind her, snapping her head up she straightens to tread water and turns to see a man standing there by the side of the pool. Wondering how he has gained access to her garden she quickly looks around and then notices the open gate at the bottom of the yard. Looking back towards him she watches him. He stands there, completely silent, focusing on her, his gaze roving over her like a lovers caress. When she asks him what he is doing here in the garden he doesn't answer, he just raises a finger to his lips in a gesture for her to be silent. Enthralled, she observes him from the relative safety of the water as he slowly removes his clothes, seductively peeling away the layers to reveal his body. 

Unable to look away her eyes travel over him, he is beautiful, exquisite of form, tall and well built with broad shoulders and very obviously aroused. Her eyes move lower down his body to the juncture of his thighs where his proud shaft is standing out from his belly, framed by a riot of thick black curls, she inhales deeply, imagining the feel of him against her body. He bends and reaches for the chinos he had been wearing and pulls something out of the back pocket but there is insufficient light for her to distinguish what it is. Moving down, he sits on the edge of the pool before he quietly slips into the water as a seal would, without a splash, and swims slowly towards her as she silently waits.

When he reaches her he holds out his hand to show her what he possesses, in it is a scrunched up silken pajama cord. He reaches out and takes her hands, forcing them behind her back and holding them together as he binds her wrists tightly. Though unable to move she is unconcerned, despite her helplessness, her instinctive excitement at his touch making her heart race. Dragging her with him into the shallows, he sits her on the top step that leads down into the water. She stares at his face than quickly lowers her eyes, "what do you want?" she asks coyly, but he shakes his head to once again silence her. 

Bending towards her he kisses her urgently on the lips before trailing kisses down her neck and over her body, caressing her with his hands as his lips blaze a trail of sweet fire across her belly and lower, he is everywhere. Throwing her head back, Morgan gasps as he bites her inner thigh then licks her there to soothe the hurt. He moves to the apex of her thighs and circles her golden curls with his tongue just the once, leaving her longing for more as he raises himself up and kneels on the edge of the pool just above her.

Morgan's hair is in a braid at the top of her head, like a long hemp rope, soft yet pliant and he wraps it around his fist. Pulling her closer to him he kisses her again, not hiding his hunger this time but inserting his tongue into her mouth and tasting her with the passion she has longed for, tongue sliding against tongue in sensual delight. Breaking the kiss he pulls back slightly and looks into her eyes and smiles. 

Pressing her head down towards his erection she understands immediately what he is silently asking. Willingly she complies, kissing the tip gently before running her tongue over the outside of his shaft, taking the head of his penis into her mouth and rolling her tongue over it in a slow rhythm feeling him grow harder, filling out and pulsing in tune with the beat of his heart. Taking him further into her mouth she sucks him and listens to his groans as she licks him, swirling her tongue up under the rim and around the tip of his engorged cock, nibbling him with her lips as her head moves up and down, up and down; him controlling her movements by the tight grip he has on her hair as she caresses him faster. 

Suddenly he makes her stop. Reaching for her he picks her up and hoists her over his shoulder in a fireman's lift then carries her to the wooden picnic table where he lays her face down with her feet on the floor. The timber is cool against her belly and she can smell the strong woody fragrance of the oiled timber against her cheek. Spreading her thighs wide with his knees he holds her tied hands in place at her back so that she is unable to turn around to look at him. She wonders briefly what he is going to do with his other hand as he holds her down. 

Reaching down between her spread thighs with his hand he finds what he is looking for and stroking her, inserts two fingers into her. She is so very wet, throbbing with desire as he moves to fondle her, making her tremble with the delight of his touch, the sounds of their ragged breathing and her soft moans echoing around the enclosure.

Slowly he withdraws his hand. Wanting more, she whimpers at the loss contact. Slapping her ass hard with the palm of his hand he speaks for the first time saying, " You must wait, my lovely." 

He pulls hard on her hair again, Morgan arching her back in response to the pressure exerted on her neck as he reaches around her body and squeezes the nipple of her left breast until she shivers.

"Yes!" he says, and hearing the satisfaction in his voice she quivers with the pleasure of the force of his fingers and his obvious enjoyment at her discomfort. Grinding against her he presses his erection into her buttocks, "I want to give you this baby, " he says, as she moans loudly and tries to nod, still unable to move. He begins to rub his cock between her thighs, making her shake with desire and anticipation of what is to come. Pulling back slightly he presses himself at her opening, teasing her by rubbing the head of his cock up and down over her lips before he pushes himself partway inside, little by little until she thinks she will scream, then with one hard push he thrusts inside her, groaning as he pushes himself all the way in, stretching her flesh as she encompasses and accommodates him. Gripping her hips he starts to rock rhythmically into her, his balls smacking against her pussy stimulating her and bringing her closer and closer to release, both of them reveling in the sensations that they are evoking, sweat running down between their bodies making them slick with it, sliding against each other as she gasps for air while he rides her hard.

"Yes! " he says again, as she writhes beneath him begging for him to come inside her. Pounding into her, just a few more thrusts and he convulses above her, his face contorting in ecstasy at the same time as she explodes under him in her own shattering climax. The electric sensations of orgasm go on and on as he empties himself inside her, pumping his seed deep into her as her muscles contract around him milking him dry before they collapse against each other. Silently they lay there for a few minutes until their breathing steadies. He raises himself up to release her, turns her and pulls her close to him in a tender embrace, kissing her gently on the forehead.

"Oh that was so good, " she says.

He smiles warmly at her, stroking her cheek, "Yes my love, coming home to you is always good."