 Jen walked gleefully down the hall to greet her favorite pupil. The thought of spending this regular hour with Greg always had her virtually skipping towards her door, a feeling that went beyond her appreciation of his boyish good looks and gentle, personable, manner. 

"Hey there Mr. Guitar." She smiled her usual greeting to him, a gently ribbing reference to his first instrument. 

"Hi Teacher." Greg beamed back as he followed her into the house and closed the door behind them. He enjoyed his weekly lesson every bit as much as Jen did. They didn't kiss or hug, smiles were all that was appropriate for the teacher/pupil relationship they had, despite their becoming good friends over the months... and the latent feelings they both harbored. 

"I was in Switzerland last week." He handed her a small box that was decorated in tasteful gold and a pink ribbon. "Thought you might enjoy some of the local chocolate." 

"Oh wow." She accepted the present eagerly. "That's so thoughtful. Thank you very much." 

"They're not quite Belgian," he knew she loved European chocolate, "but I'm assured they're pretty nice." He knew lots about her, their easy conversations ranged far wider than the piano lessons Greg paid for. He also delighted in the wonderful aroma that met him every time he walked into Jen's home. Her perfume: Opium. Far from being an expert on scents, Opium was one perfume he could never forget. His first girlfriend used it and it had left such an impression on him that just coming within twenty feet of someone wearing it had him excited. Jen wore it well and keeping his concentration around her was always a challenge. 

"We should share some. I'll open them later, before you go. Best get your fingers warmed up first though." She ushered him into the music room and then shook a playful warning finger at him. "You have been practicing as well as jet-setting I hope." 

It was easy to remember the first time he called her to discuss lessons and even easier to recall the first time they met. Greg had played guitar for years and wanted to learn piano, an instrument he already dabbled with, but knew his technique sucked. He didn't want to learn to read music though, or to take any proficiency exams. All he wanted was to do was play a little better. He tried a dozen teachers before he found one that would work with him on those terms. Jen, being younger than the other teachers and a lot more flexible about her lessons, took him on immediately. After almost a year now, she still enjoyed every session with Greg, in particular the light tone of their lessons and the change of playing Jackson Browne and Bruce Springsteen as opposed to Mozart and Bach. 

Greg was felled by her looks the moment she opened her door for their first meeting. Jen was younger than he'd imagined (his image of a piano teacher didn't allow him to picture her as less than fifty), in her early thirties, tall and thin with a welcoming smile, warm eyes and expressive features. It wasn't quite love at first sight, because his chivalrous nature tethered him to respect her as a teacher, but every time he thought of her he couldn't help but allow his mind to stray onto the "what ifs" of spending time with her away from the piano. 

Because they both had fun with their sessions, they inevitably ran longer than the allotted hour and early on in their arrangement Jen started to make her appointments with Greg her last lesson of the day. That way if they wanted to chat a little or play around with a piece they'd been working through, they could. Always at the end of the evening Greg wrote her a check, wished her a good week and waved goodbye as he walked to his car. When he was gone Jen always made herself a relaxing latte, wearing a big smile and wishing that one day he might stay to share one. 

"You didn't say you were going to Switzerland." Jen quizzed as their hour ticked into its later neighbor. 

"This time last week I didn't know I was going." Greg laughed. He was a journalist and traveled what seemed like a lot to her. "I caught a job covering a new car launch they were doing over there. The guy who was scheduled to go got sick, so I guess I got lucky." 

"It sounds wonderful. I've always wanted to visit there." Jen paused to reposition his left hand and add a note to the chord he was playing. "You need to tell me all about it. How'd you like to have a coffee before you go? I'll open the chocolate and we can share them. That seems only fair." 

"I'd love to." Greg smiled and fingered a last few notes at the keyboard. "I won't stay too long though, I'm pretty tired after the trip." 

He had never been into her sitting room before and he was surprised how at ease he felt when he accepted Jen's invite to sit on her sofa while hurried off to make them some coffee. The room was filled with CDs, watercolor pictures and what seemed like hundreds of multicolored cushions. Somehow the surroundings fit with Jen's easy-going and creative personality. Greg smiled as he sunk between several cushions. 

Jen's heart was pounding as she urged the coffee maker to go faster. The source of her excitement was easy to understand; Greg was in her sitting room. She had no idea what she should do or say next, but that lovely man she had imagined making love with for months was off-the-clock and socializing with her for the first time. Was there a possibility that he might want to develop their friendship beyond the piano? After being "just friends" for so long it was difficult to know. 

When she got back to the room he was flicking through a bunch of her CDs. "I like your taste." He nodded, put down the CDs and walked back to the sofa. 

"Thanks. Judging by what you like to play, I think I can say the same for you." She placed a tray on the rug in front of the fireplace, and started to pull cushions onto the floor. "You don't mind the floor do you?" She smiled and turned behind her to light several thick candles in the fire's hearth. 

While Jen stood up and started some quiet music playing Greg settled into a couple of huge cushions and picked up the drink she'd brought for him. She joined him a few moments later, smiling slightly nervously as she settled herself opposite him, picking up her own mug and sipping at her coffee demurely. "I think I use the floor more often than I used the furniture. I like being able to spread everything around me." 

She was wearing a long, colorful, cotton dress that buttoned up the front and while it showed virtually no cleavage, it left none of her shape to the imagination. Today her long and thick brown hair was pinned away from her face with two small clips that matched the summer pattern of her dress. To Greg she was a vision from an oil painting of a countryside scene; serene and beautiful. 

They talked easily, discussing his trip, some anecdotes about her other students and how much she continued to enjoy teaching him. They moved on to more general topics of music, news and, significantly, relationships. She'd never heard him mention girlfriends and learned that he's been single for some time. It took a huge effort for her not to smile when he admitted this. Jen told him that she was single also, laughing that her music and her cats left little room for socializing, especially given that she worked evenings and weekends. 

After an hour the atmosphere in the room had relaxed considerably as they shared the open tray of chocolates and enjoyed getting to know each other away from the piano keys. As the clock wound its way slowly past eleven Jen suggested that she replenish their mugs with another drink. Hot chocolate was agreed as being appropriate and she set off to make it. 

When she returned she found Greg so relaxed that he'd fallen asleep. 

Jen couldn't help but smile as she looked down at him; on his side, his head on a cushion, arms pulled into his chest. He looked peaceful, comfortable and vulnerable. She watched his slow and deep breathing for a few seconds before fetching him a blanket and placing it carefully over him. 

****

When Greg woke up he was slightly disoriented but as dim images of the room, now lit only by the candles in the hearth, permeated his consciousness, he remembered where he was and looked further around. Jen was asleep, also on the rug, using cushions and a blanket for comfort, no more than three feet from him; the gap bridged by the familiar and arousing musk of Opium. 

His first thought was to quietly get up and leave but the peaceful sight of his beautiful teacher stopped him. He watched her in the flickering light for several moments before taking a few sips of his, now very cold, hot chocolate and laying his head back down on his cushion. Before he pulled the blanket up over his shoulders he shuffled a little closer to Jen, reached out and stroked the back of his fingers along her cheek. He tried to stay awake and watch her a little longer, but almost immediately fell asleep again, dreaming of how it might taste to kiss her, how it would smell to be nuzzled against her neck, how it would feel to help her dress fall from her shoulders, how it would feel to have his body tight against hers, how it would feel to... 

****

There was only a single candle left burning in the hearth when Jen woke. She had been dreaming of lying on her rug, her naked body intertwined with Greg's. Looking over at his peaceful form it was easy to see why she would be having that dream, and tantalizing as to how close the reality was; probably less than three feet. 

She reached out and carefully traced her fingertip across his cheek and down to his chin, feeling first the warm skin of his relaxed sleep and then the masculine stubble of his long day. His body shifted very subtly at her touch and she withdrew her arm an inch or two. 

"Don't stop." He said, smiling, but with his eyes still closed. "That felt great."

Jen's heartbeat increased considerably as she resumed her gossamer stroking. "I thought you were asleep." 

"I was." Greg sighed and opened his eyes slightly. "Sorry about that. Not a great thing for a guest to do, but I was really tired." 

"No problem." Jen moved a little closer. "It's a compliment that you felt comfortable enough to fall asleep here. I had such a nice evening talking to you. It feels like we know each other a whole lot better." 

"Yes, much better. But maybe not quite well enough... yet." Greg shuffled onto his elbow and drew even closer to her. Jen's face was shadowed in the dim light, but unmistakably smiling, and unmistakably desirable. 

"Maybe? Really?" Her smile tuned elfin, but her hand helped his face closer. 

"Really." He kissed her. Jen felt her body begin to melt immediately as electricity of their first intimate touch start to rush around her body, immediately waking every erogenous zone she possessed. 

His lips were soft and gentle at first, but as he tasted her and smelled her skin he followed his instincts and began to probe gently with his tongue. His excitement surged as he felt Jen's eager tongue find his and greet him with a deep, sensual, kiss. Greg moved closer to her and pressed his body along hers, the blanket fell away from him but he noticed no loss of comfort as Jen's warm body welcomed him. Her eyes were watery in the candlelight when they broke the kiss and searched for something to say, but their eyes never wavered from each other. 

"I've wanted to do that for such a long time." Greg brought his hand up to caress her cheek as Jen's arm reached around and held him. 

"Me too." She smiled. "What took us so long?" 

"Can't think of a single reason right now." Greg kissed her again and allowed his hand to run down the side of her body and come to rest on the curve of her hip.

"Maybe we should just make up for lost time?" Jen pulled at his shirt, releasing it from the waistband of his jeans. Then she slipped her hand inside to run over the warm skin of his back. 

"Deal." Greg's hand slowly worked up from her hip until it came to rest on the mound of her breast. He pushed gently at her and felt her body press back against him through the cloth of her dress. A barely audible groan of pleasure came from Jen's throat as she moved to wrap her leg around his and pull him even closer to her. 

Greg needed no encouragement to stay as close to her as he could, kissing her intensely as he explored her body's curves, pressing hard on her buttocks and breasts as his hand roamed over her divine geography. His hands wandered over every inch of her body they could reach. Jen reveled in his touch. This was not the groping of her teenage boyfriends. This was the learned and sensual touch of a mature lover. It was a touch that eased away any last tension she was feeling and escalated her excitement. Jen's body relaxed and the comfort his hands brought her encouraged her to reply with her own loving touch. 

She continued to pull at his shirt, and now managed to work her own hand to run over his chest and around to his back. She made small circular movements over his skin, arousing him incredibly and urging him closer. Almost imperceptibly, Jen's right hand started to slip lower and lower with each journey, seeming to know exactly what it was doing until it finally slipped down between his thighs and continue the tease with perfect timing. Greg's legs opened and allowed her to run along the insides of his legs. Eventually her hand slipped upwards again and came softly over the front of his jeans, easily finding his bulge. Jen squeezed it a little and just left her hand there, pressing against his throbbing erection. 

Greg eased their bodies apart just far enough to let him start releasing a few of the buttons on her dress. As soon as he had enough buttons undone to get his hand inside and sample her breasts closer, he reached in and found her lacy bra while he they continued their series of long, deep, kisses that were stoking both of them to an intense excitement. Next he continued to work his way down the buttons until the final one was released and left the dress hanging on her shoulders, her white bra and panties visible in the half-light as Greg ran his hands around her waist and other areas of exposed skin. Jen's eyes closed as the pleasure of his touch electrified her senses. 

"You look beautiful." He cooed as he looked at her and watched the movements of his hands. 

"You make me feel it." Jen conceded as she shrugged the dress from her shoulders and let it fall away. She reached up and resumed undoing Greg's shirt, kneeling up to kiss him as his hands came to rest on her hips; his fingers now teasingly inching under the elastic of her panties. 

As she pulled the shirt from him she immediately let her hands fall to his waistband and begin pulling on his belt. Greg shuffled his body to facilitate her quest. At the same time he managed to cup her breast through her bra and slip a finger inside to feel her nipple for the first time. Even in the confines of her underwear he could feel how hard she was. As she pulled down his zipper Greg eased his legs out from his kneeling position and sat with his legs straight out. When Jen started to pull his jeans and briefs off he lifted his pelvis up from the floor and watched as she exposed his very vertical erection. 

"I think you look beautiful." Jen's eyes didn't leave his bobbing cock as she completed the job of pulling his clothing away. "God, you're so hard." 

She reached out to touch him, feeling his stiffness and smiling at the effect she'd had on him. Greg was as hard as any man she'd known and her hand felt the power of his excitement as she wrapped her fingers around his shaft tight enough to feel the blood pulsing through the veins and pumping up the dark red head. 

Greg watched enthralled as she slowly let go of him, stood up and slipped off her panties. She stood just long enough for him to take a good look at the small triangle of trimmed hair above her glistening pussy, and then slid back down to straddle him. He felt the heat and moisture of her on his thigh as she leant forward and started to brush some small erotic kisses on his lips. Greg brought his hands up to hold her sides and feel her silky skin as he delighted in the softness of her lips and took in the aroma of her faint perfume. Opium; now mixed with the unmistakable musk of her sex. 

It was the most sensual she ever felt, when she slowly reached around and undid her bra. Their eyes were fixed on each other and even when she pulled the last piece of their clothing away and exposed her breasts for him they never lost eye contact. Greg continued to watch only her eyes as he shuffled to a full sitting position and started to run his hands over the skin of her sides and shoulders. 

"I feel like I might still be sleeping." She leaned forwards and kissed him. 

"You're not." Greg's hand came up from the side of her belly and cupper her breast. His thumb and forefinger found her nipple and he squeezed gently. "But I know I'm still in dreamland." 

Jen was now sitting between his legs, facing him, with their legs overlapping each others'. Her hands fell naturally to caress his erection and balls as he massaged her breasts, sometimes alternately, sometimes both together. They kissed constantly and it was her probing, urging tongue that passed the message that she needed touched somewhere else. His body already feeding off the signals of hers, Greg lowered his right hand and pressed his fingers against her hot and very wet pussy. Jen's eyes widened at his first touch, then they closed and she let out a soft groan of pleasure. 

She felt like a warm peach as he explored her folds for the first time. His fingers were immediately coated in her juices and eager to entice more pleasure noises from her. He was about to position his hand to trust his finger deeper into her when Jen started to inch closer to him. Instinctively he understood what she was doing and placed both of his hands on her sides as she positioned herself over him. 

Jen slid onto him with an ease that was both comfortable and a sensory blast. Greg held her sides, feeling her skin slide through his hands as she swallowed him with her warm silken pleasure sheath. A few wiggles of her body so that she took all of him, and they were facing each other, smiling and joined. "You feel so good." He whispered to her, kissing her neck, running his hands down her back to her ass cheeks and pulling her even harder onto him. 

There was quite suddenly no hurry as they kissed and caressed each other quietly. Greg brought his head down and used his hand to feed her nipples into his mouth, one after the other. He licked all around her little erections, flicking the tip of his tongue across them and then sucking hard. Almost unconsciously now, Jen started raising her body a little and sliding back onto him with a slow rhythm of strokes that were little more than a rocking motion, but still managed to increase their excitement as he reveled in the tight hold her pussy had on him. Greg opened his legs slightly and she sighed "oh" into his ear as she slid further down and he filled her completely. 

Over and over, Greg ran his tongue around her nipples in turn and pinched her hard buds gently between his teeth. As Jen looked down at him she wrapped her arms around the warm skin of his back and continued to pull herself on and off him slowly. After a few more small thrusts, she reached down behind herself and touched his balls with her fingertips. She could only stroke him lightly, but she could feel how firm and full his balls were as his pelvis made its own restricted movements with her. 

By now there was no need for words, their bodies' apparently tuned to each other, and as Greg made a more pronounced movement upwards, Jen interpreted it correctly and slid off his cock. Greg eased her to lie down with a blanket and cushions for a bed while she watched his throbbing erection glisten with her juices in the erotic warmth of the flickering candlelight. Once she was on her back Greg stooped to kiss her and began his journey down her body, navigating her hills and valleys with his lips and tongue. 
