 I have no recollection of the accident. Speeding home after a business meeting, I fell asleep and ran off the road into a ditch, overturning the car. I became briefly conscious as they were extracting me from the vehicle, but passed out in a wave of pain. The next few days were spent dreamlike, in and out of the world, as I lay in a local hospital. As I gradually regained my wits, I learned that , in addition to a severe concussion, I suffered from a compound fracture of the upper thigh, necessitating a long recuperation period in the hospital. Both hands were completely bandaged, and I learned they had been broken when I instinctively threw them in front of my face prior to the impact; otherwise, I was unhurt.

The pain was controllable with medication, so my main problem early on was dealing with the boredom of being flat on my back twenty four hours daily. Soon this was supplanted by an increasingly urgent problem. I had led a relatively active sex life, and, after about a week of inertia, discovered that fantasys were controlling my mind. My new nurse had much of the responsibility for that problem. Nurse Terri had long brown hair, dark flashing eyes, and a cupids bow of a mouth that made me want to kiss her each time she came into the room. She was friendly enough, as she brought my medication, but apparently unaware of the turmoil she caused my libido. That was to change.

....

...I was dreaming...a very explicit sex dream, with flashing limbs, moist lips, and breathless sighs. Nurse Terri was the subject, so I was a bit disjointed to discover that it was her hand on my shoulder, forcing me awake.

She smiled. "You were having a nightmare, she said, "Things are quiet on the floor tonight. Let me give you a massage. It will help you to relax and sleep better."

My erection had subsided, and I felt that a gentle back rub would help me relax. Lord knows, sleep had been fitful lately with these fantasys disturbing my rest. I rolled over on my stomach and let her begin.

I was first aware of how incredibly soft her hands were. Like clouds wrapped in silk, they glided down my back, from my neck to the soles of my feet, then up the insides of my thighs, where they gently nudged the sides of my balls.

"Ok, turn now!" With trepidation, but growing excitement, I obeyed her. My flesh was turgid, but she seemed not to notice, as she spread lotion on my chest. Lower, her figertips moved, until they were combing through the dark forest below my navel. Only sheer force of will prevented my erection, but I was visibly swollen, and the dark veins were beginning to show through the whiteness of my shaft. I sighed inadvertently as she moved her hands down to my feet, and I could see the shadow of a smile play across her lips.

Gently, like wings, her soft hands ascended, slowly from my feet to my calves, until they were caressing the insides of my thighs and nudging my testicles. My penis was visibly throbbing and I held my breth to control my passion.

"Don't fight it," she whispered, so quietly I barely heard her, "it's all right. It's perfectly normal, and I don't mind! Really!" With that, she took my cock in her hand and I groaned and surrendered to her completely.

No words can describe the feel of her soft hands, or the sweet ached that she caused in me with her touch. All perception of time vanished until finally I felt that beautiful moment when all awareness flows into the sexflesh, and the surrender is near. "Are you ready?" she whispered. "You are, aren't you" My deep pulse in her hands was answer enough. With incredible tenderness, she bent and surrendered her mouth to me.

Soft and wet, her lips and tongue bathed me lovingly. Inexorably, her mouth descended until I was fully inside her achingly beautiful face. With her sweet tongue licking beneath my head, I came. Not like an explosion, it was more a deep flow, like a river, pouring out of my whole body. I watched as, with closed eyes, she drank my love.

Whole minutes passed as she lay with eyes closed and her cheek on my genitals. Finally she arose and kissed my on the mouth. "Goodnight, darling, sleep well," she said, and walked out of the room to complete her rounds.