 With gratitude and respect to Bob Seger.

*

She was perched on a stool at the end of the bar, absently surveying the lack of talent on the dance floor. It was still early in the evening and apparently not enough alcohol had been consumed to allow the dancers to exhibit any sense of rhythm whatsoever. She hoped some of her friends would show up soon, so they could prove that some of the people in this neighborhood could at least keep a beat. 

Kayla loved Friday nights, especially in the summertime. The first night of the weekend always held the promise of potential; being able to sleep in on Saturday morning and maybe spend a lazy day in bed. Of course, that would depend on whether or not the right person was available to occupy her time in that bed.

Lately she had been obsessed with Anthony, one of the guys in her crew of friends. It was a great bunch of people, guys and girls, some attached, some not. Kayla had hooked up with a couple of the guys in the group, but it was mostly a "friends with benefits" sort of arrangement. Anthony was a lot of fun in bed and he would be there soon. She was looking forward to hopefully spending the night and the next day with him.

Kayla continued to people-watch while casually sipping at her beer and playing with the pieces of her long, curly hair that refused to stay in her loosely-tied ponytail. She noticed four guys hovering around a table near the dance floor. One them had his to back to her and Kayla couldn't help but admire how well his jeans fit him. As if he felt her stare, he slyly turned his head and winked at her. Kayla looked away, embarrassed to have been discovered peeking at his physique. She didn't see the smirk on his face when she turned her head.

It seemed to take forever for her friends to arrive, but finally they began to appear. There were nine of them there; including Kayla, there were four girls and five guys. Anthony looked particularly appealing and Kayla flirted openly with him, hoping that he would offer her his attention.

Anthony, however, was transfixed by a girl on the dance floor who obviously had already downed a few too many drinks. He finished his beer, excused himself from the group and made his way over to where she was gyrating on the dance floor. Kayla was disappointed, but knew that it would be fruitless to try to regain his focus at that moment. She would be patient and wait for the right time to catch his attention; presently he was stalking fresh meat.

While Anthony was occupied on the dance floor, Kayla's eyes wandered back to the guy with the great physique. She wondered what it would feel like to have her hands gripping on to that fabulous butt. Again, he turned his head and caught her looking at him. Kayla smiled at him before she blushed and turned away.

She chatted with her friends for a few minutes, occasionally glancing over to see Anthony's progress on the dance floor. It didn't take long for him to be pressed up against the tipsy dance-girl and Kayla knew that if she didn't interrupt them soon, her chances of spending the night with Anthony would be nonexistent. She excused herself from her friends and headed toward the dance floor.

It was too late. As Kayla approached the couple, Anthony introduced her to his new friend, Gina. Then he told Kayla that he was going to give Gina a ride home because she was too drunk to drive herself. Kayla was disappointed, but she maintained her composure long enough to tell Anthony to be careful. She abruptly walked to the ladies' room and locked herself in one of the stalls, reminding herself that she and Anthony were casual partners, that he didn't owe her any explanations, and that she shouldn't be so horribly let down. Although these facts were the truth, it didn't make it hurt any less.

By the time she made her way back to her seat, Anthony and Gina were gone and her friends were either on the dance floor or mingling with other people at the bar. Kayla climbed back onto her bar-stool and waited for the bartender to make her way back around so she could order another drink. She looked dejected, sitting with her chin in her hand, her body language displaying her defeat.

As the bartender took her drink order, a deep voice behind Kayla added, "Make that two, please." Kayla swung around to find the guy she had seen earlier, with best-fitting jeans ever, standing there. "I hope you don't mind if I buy you a drink," he said, smiling at her.

"No, not at all," she managed to stammer, still surprised at his sudden appearance.

She turned around completely on the bar-stool so she could face him. He had long, wavy, dark hair that reached below his shoulders and dark eyes that seemed to be studying every inch of her. He very slowly moved his eyes from the tips of her high-heeled shoes, up her tanned legs, over the tiny mini-skirt and low-cut top until he looked into her eyes. She most definitely felt like he had already undressed her, and a dark blush crept up into her cheeks.

As the bartender set the bottles down on the bar, he leaned over Kayla to grab the drinks and said, "I'm Scott."

"I'm Kayla," she answered, as he handed her one of the bottles.

"Nice to meet you, Kayla," he said, as he clicked his bottle against hers. "Here's to making new friends."

She watched as he took a long draw from the bottle, and then she asked, "Speaking of friends, where'd all of your friends get to?"

"Well," he began, "two of them already took off, and it looks like my ride home no longer has room for me in his car."

"What do you mean?" Kayla asked.

"Just wait a sec," Scott answered. As if on cue, Scott's friend, who Kayla guessed must have been the driver, stumbled over toward Kayla and Scott. The tipsy driver was leading a petite blond girl by the hand.

"Hey, Scott, listen," the friend started, "I'm gonna' head out. You think you can find a ride home?"

Scott looked over at Kayla. She looked down in her lap, pondering whether or not she wanted to be a part of this problem. Scott's gaze never left Kayla's face. Before she could say a word, Scott answered his friend, "Yeah, I'll find a way home. Don't worry about it, buddy. Have fun."

With that, Scott's friend and the little blond headed toward the door. Kayla looked up and tilted her head a bit as she studied Scott. He confidently looked her right in the eye.

"So how're you getting home, Scott?" Kayla asked.

Kayla's hand was resting in her lap. Scott reached out and stroked his finger across the back of her fingers. He wondered if she knew how hot she looked, perched on that stool with those legs that went on forever and those wicked high heels. "Well, Kayla, I was hoping maybe you could help me out with that," he responded.

Kayla gritted her teeth. "You're certainly assuming a lot, aren't you?" she snapped.

Scott stepped back. "Hey, no pressure. I'll be honest with you...I just thought maybe you wanted some company. I was watching you on the dance floor and saw your friend leave with that other chick, that's all." He stopped talking and took a sip of his beer. Kayla was looking down at her lap again, her wayward curls spilling over her face. Scott leaned in close and said quietly, "I'll tell you what, Kayla. I would never have walked away from you. You look...amazing in that skirt. No need to get defensive."

Kayla closed her eyes and blushed again, realizing how rude she had been. "I'm sorry, Scott. I just thought... well, Anthony is more than just a friend, but he's not my boyfriend, or anything. I thought we..." She didn't finish the statement, realizing that it wasn't any of Scott's business. She took another sip of her beer to shut herself up.

She changed the subject. "So, Scott, do you work?, she asked.

"I'm a student. I work part-time as a landscaper," he answered. "I've been working on my tan-lines, mostly," he laughed. He set down his beer and pulled his shirt up, revealing his tanned torso and the faint white line at his waistband.

Kayla had already noticed the warm tone of his skin, but now she really took the time to look at Scott. He had a nice build -- slender, but toned, like he lifted weights. She was beginning to like what she saw. It was all she could do to refrain from reaching out to touch his bronzed skin. She quickly turned back toward the bar and took another swig from her bottle. This was getting interesting and she couldn't wait to see where it would lead. She loved the feeling of anticipation that was building up inside her.

It was getting late in the evening. Kayla's friends had already gone home. The disc jockey slid a couple of slow songs into the mix and the dance floor filled up. Scott put his beer down on the bar and held out his hand.

"Come out and dance with me, Kayla," he said.

Kayla looked into his dark eyes and couldn't seem to resist. She took his hand and followed him onto the dance floor.

"I haven't seen you on the dance floor all night. I didn't think you liked to dance," she said to him, as he wrapped his arms around her.

"I don't," he replied. "But holding you close like this isn't exactly doing the mambo."

Kayla took a deep breath and allowed herself to relax in his embrace. He was a little taller than she was, and it felt good to be in his arms, even though they had just met. She reached her arms up and held on to his shoulders, and suddenly found herself resting her cheek against his chest. He held her, his hand absently stroking her hair, and they slowly rocked to the beat of the music.

When the song ended, Kayla lifted her head and looked into Scott's eyes. He was looking at her lips, and she felt lightheaded as he pressed his hands against her cheeks and leaned down to kiss her, gently, right there on the dance floor. When he pulled away, it took her a few seconds to regain her composure. He noticed her moment of instability and took her hand to help her back to her seat.

Kayla carefully managed to get up onto the bar-stool, and took a swig of her beer, trying to get her bearings.

"So, Scott, where do you live?" she inquired.

"Well, technically, I live upstate," he answered, "but I'm staying with my sister and her husband this weekend. They live in the Highgate Condos out in West Kingsford. Do you know where that is?"

"Yeah, I do," Kayla answered. She considered the situation for a minute, then continued, "So, you don't have any privacy there, do you?"

Scott finished his beer and put down the empty bottle. He turned Kayla's stool so that her back was up against the bar and maneuvered himself between her legs. He put his hands on the bar on either side of her, effectively trapping her there. He looked at Kayla with a slight smile. "Why, no, I don't have any privacy there, Kayla. Why? What exactly did you have in mind?" he teased as he twisted his finger around a stray curl of her hair.

"Oh, I don't know, Scott," she responded. "It's just that if I'm going to give you a ride home, I've always heard that nobody rides for free."

He looked at her blankly and backed away from her. "What does that mean?" he asked.

Kayla finished her beer and set the bottle on the bar before she turned to him, grinning. She crossed her long legs and leaned over provocatively, allowing him to see clearly down her low-cut blouse. "Cash, grass, or ass, baby. Nobody rides for free," she shot back.

Scott burst into laughter, a little shocked by her candor. "Well, I'm kinda broke, and I don't smoke, but I'm sure we can negotiate a deal somehow," he said through his laughter.

"That sounds like a plan!" Kayla said as she grabbed her pocketbook and stepped down from the bar-stool. "Let's get you home before your sister gets worried."

Together they walked out into the parking lot. Scott stopped when Kayla approached a small pickup truck.

"A truck-driving girl, eh?" he asked

"Oh, hell, yeah!" she answered. "You got a problem with that?"

"Hell, no, missy!" he replied as he climbed into the truck. "It's just that the high heels had me fooled for a few minutes back there."

"Oh, baby, I'm full of surprises," Kayla said.

She pulled out of the parking lot and turned toward West Kingsford. It was only about a fifteen minute drive from the bar. It was a clear, warm night, so Kayla rolled down the truck windows and opened the moon roof. There were several plant nurseries and farms located on the narrow rural road on which they traveled and the sweet smells of ripening fruit and flowers drifted in the air.

While Kayla was driving, Scott relaxed in the passenger seat. He allowed his left hand to cautiously wander over to Kayla's right thigh, tracing his fingers lightly against her bare skin. She looked over at him and smiled, not making any effort to stop his exploration. She was feeling somewhat intoxicated and it had nothing to do with the beer she had finished earlier.

Kayla spotted a small dirt road at the edge of a cornfield and she abruptly turned onto it. She turned off the headlights and drove out of sight of the main road before she turned off the ignition. She grinned at Scott as she undid her safety belt and she reached behind the passenger seat and retrieved a large blanket.

She got out of the truck and walked around to the passenger door and opened it. She reached over and took him by the hand. Not a word passed between them as he followed her to an opening in the cornfield. He helped her place the blanket on the ground, and then watched as she kicked off her shoes and tried to tame the mass of curls that had been undone by the open windows of the truck.

They were on a small patch of level ground at the edge of the cornfield, surrounded by the sound of crickets, cicadas and the dim light of the stars. There was a gentle breeze that made the cornstalks rustle slightly. Scott had a vague thought that there was something risqué and exciting about being outside with this girl in the middle of a field.

Kayla walked over to Scott and pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it onto the ground. She grabbed a handful of his long hair and pressed her lips to his while her other hand caressed his chest and abdomen. She kissed her way down his body until she knelt in front of him and undid his jeans, undressing him all the way. Then she reached her hands around and squeezed that oh-so-perfect butt that she had been admiring all night. Finally she leaned back and patted the blanket with her hand, gesturing for him to lie down. He rested on his back, his arms folded beneath his head, and watched hungrily as she stood in front of him doing a silent striptease. She slowly undid one button at a time until her blouse came off. Then she unhooked her bra and dropped it on his chest. Finally, she turned her back to him and twisted her way out of the tiny mini skirt, ending with her bending over in front of him. There was nothing else under there.

She dropped to her knees again and crawled over to him. When Scott tried to rise up to meet Kayla, she pushed him back down. She was not usually in charge sexually, but tonight, with this man she just met, she wanted to be the one in control. Her passion was overwhelming. Scott was in no position to argue with her and he eagerly waited to see what she would do next.

She knelt between his legs and took his already erect cock into her hand and teased him with her mouth. She flicked her tongue over the tip of his cock while her fingers lightly stroked his shaft. She licked and sucked on Scott until his hips started to grind into her. He moaned and his fingers tangled in her hair. He wanted to finish in her mouth; she wasn't going to let him. She wanted his cock inside her.

She was insane with desire when she finally spread her legs wide and straddled him. Kayla was so wet that Scott's cock teased at her opening only for a moment before he slid inside of her. He reached down to hold onto her hips, helping to raise and lower her onto his shaft. She had her hands on his chest to give her leverage as she moved her hips up and down, riding him voraciously. Her long hair was sweeping back and forth across his face and chest as she fucked him with abandon. She started to make animal noises as her orgasm began to build. Scott moved his fingers to rub Kayla's throbbing clit as he tried desperately not to come; he wanted to savor every second of this woman wildly riding his cock.

Kayla's movements became faster as her excitement mounted. Her thighs were burning from exertion as she pounded her hips onto Scott, impaling herself with his hard cock. His probing fingers found her nub, rubbing and rubbing her, until she felt the blood rushing to her pussy from every direction. Scott couldn't hold back any longer, either. As Kayla screamed into the night, Scott grabbed her hips, forcing his cock into her as far as he could go. He felt her pussy clench onto his cock as he exploded inside her, and he grunted loudly, trying to keep up with her primal outburst.

Kayla slowly thrust her hips up and down onto Scott a few more times, as if she was trying to milk every drop of cum out of him. She leaned forward and rested her head on his chest and he wrapped his arms around her, almost as if they were on the dance floor again. Only this time when Kayla looked up, Scott kissed her hard, grinding his mouth against hers, invading her mouth with his tongue.

Scott gently lifted Kayla off of him and rolled her onto her back. He pinned her arms over her head and kissed her, long and hard, until she was gasping for air. He moved his lips down her neck, sucking and kissing her, and then down to her breasts. He fondled her and sucked on her nipples until Kayla arched her back and pulled his hair; then he started to bite her, too. She cried out, not in pain, but in passion. He was becoming aroused again just from touching her, and she was more than willing to offer herself to him.

He felt her shift underneath him and her legs were spread open to him once more. He moved back so that he was kneeling between her thighs and he pulled her legs up so that her ankles were up over his shoulders. He entered her easily and got harder as he watched his cock disappear inside of her slick cunt. As he began to fuck her faster and faster, he grabbed her ankles, holding them straight up in front of him, almost as if he was fucking her from behind. Kayla was writhing and grinding as he pushed her legs apart so that she was straddling in mid-air. He put his thumb on her clit and his touch sent Kayla over the edge. Scott pumped her so hard that she could hear his balls slapping into her and she felt it when his hot cum filled her. He didn't make a sound, but his eyes were closed and his mouth was open in a silent scream.

Scott wearily disengaged himself from between Kayla's legs and collapsed on the blanket next to her, panting. He reached over and tried to straighten Kayla's tangled hair. She smiled, looking like the proverbial cat that ate the canary.

"Payment received. Did you want a receipt for that?" she purred, as she moved closed enough to intertwine her legs with his and rest her head on his shoulder.

"Not necessary. I'm pretty sure I have proof of purchase," he answered as he pulled her close.

They rested on the blanket, listening to the sounds of the warm summer night and luxuriating in the feeling of satisfied desires. It was Kayla who finally brought them back to reality.

"I guess I better get you home, Scott," she whispered.

He wanted to go for round three, but exhaustion was catching up with him. "Mmmm, I guess," he murmured.

"Come on, before you fall asleep out here. It's going to be sunrise soon." Kayla nudged him in the ribs.

"Oh, okay. Killjoy," he mumbled.

The two of them struggled to get all of their clothes back on without taking bits of grass and dirt with them. Kayla folded up the blanket and she and Scott walked back to the truck, trying to ensure that Kayla's heels didn't sink into the dirt. Kayla tossed the blanket into the bed of the truck, not wanting to get corn stalks and dirt in the cab.
