 As I started to wake from my nightmare, I thought I was having another one. I couldn't see, couldn't move; as I tried to speak, to ask where I was and what was going on, I made out voices around me. Then one of the voices came closer and told to not to worry. Then I went back to sleep.

The next time I woke up I still couldn't see or move, but I didn't panic. A voice spoke to me and told me where I was; in hospital, recovering from my accident. The first time I woke was too soon, but this time I was sedated properly, the doctor told me. He told me what had happened, and some things fell into place; I remembered who I was, but not the accident that put me there.

I was working in an electrical switchboard, in a large industrial plant in town. Someone, as yet unknown, had bypassed all the procedures and paperwork and switched the power back on. The resulting short circuit had caused 1st degree burns to my hands, and the flash had damaged my eyes. My hands were bandaged and immobilised, and my eyes were bandaged, although my eyesight would be saved; my hands had acted like barriers and taken the brunt. That was why I couldn't see or move.

The company I work for wasn't responsible for what happened; we were just contractors to the plant's operators. The blame lay with the client company; it was one of their employees who had switched the power supply back on. They knew they were looking at a major lawsuit, and to their credit they were making sure I got the best treatment. 

The last thing the doctor told me before he left was that lawyers would be wanting to talk to me at some point. "Just say the word and I'll tell them you're not well enough to see them," he said before I heard the door close.

Time lost all meaning for me during that stay in hospital. I didn't know if it was day or night, what time it was; I slept and woke up, never knowing how long I had slept and never bothering to ask. At some stage though, I was woken by someone entering my room.

"Hello, Mr Randall," said a pleasant female voice, "I'm your nurse. It's time for your bed bath."

I tried to move but was told not to. The covers were lifted and my pyjama trousers removed. It was then that I found I was wearing some kind of adult diaper. The nurse removed it and bathed me, starting at my shoulders and working down my body. When she washed round my balls and cock, I felt myself becoming aroused. I tried thinking of something unsexy, but still my cock got harder until it was fully erect. I mumbled an apology, but the nurse wasn't at all fazed by it.

"Don't worry," she told me, "It's a perfectly normal reaction." And she continued with the bed bath while I lay there with my cock standing proud and aching for release.

"All done," the nurse told me a few minutes later, "apart from this." I felt her hand stroke my cock. "Would you like me to take care of this for you? "

"Yes, please." I whispered. The nurse gripped my cock and stroked it up and down a few times. Something seemed strange about her touch, then I realised she was wearing latex examination gloves. I knew that they were for reasons of hygiene, but the sensation was pleasant, and an added turn on. Suddenly the nurse stopped.

"You won't tell anyone, will you?" she asked. "I could lose my job over this." I didn't know if she was serious or teasing me, but I certainly didn't want her to stop.

"Don't stop, I won't say a word," I replied. Joking or not, that seemed to satisfy her, and she began to pick up the pace. It didn't take long before I came, and felt my spunk splashing on my chest and belly. The nurse cleaned up my mess and left.

The following evening I had another bed bath, but a different nurse. This one wasn't as chatty as Nurse Handjob, but was just as much fun. As she washed around my cock and balls, it seemed as if she was trying to turn me on. She succeeded too, and I soon had another hard on standing to attention.

"Ooooh, did I cause that?" she cooed. "Well, I guess I should do something about it. Keep still." 

I wondered why she said that; it wasn't like I was moving around a lot. I soon found out, as I felt her hand gently grip my pubic hair, then heard the snip of scissors.

"What are you doing?" I asked, slightly panicked.

"Shush, keep still and keep quiet while I shave you. You won't be sorry when I'm finished." The nurse told me with a chuckle. I didn't have a lot of choice, but I relaxed and enjoyed the sensation. Once my pubes were trimmed with the scissors, I felt shaving cream being squirted and rubbed into my groin and around my balls. The nurse knew what she was doing, and I was shaved smooth within a couple of minutes.

"Isn't that better?" she whispered in my ear, "no-one likes getting hair in their mouth." And after a few strokes with her hand, I felt her warm mouth close around my cock as her head bobbed up and down. Working her tongue around my bell end and along my shaft, the nurse gave me the best blowjob I've ever had, and within minutes I was coming in her mouth. After she licked my cock completely clean, the nurse tidied up my bedclothes. 

"In case you're wondering," she whispered in my ear, "I swallowed every drop." And with a giggle, she kissed me lightly on the lips and left.

The next day I had a visit from the doctor; he was pleased with my progress and told me there was a chance I could be released in a few days. That night, Nurse Handjob returned and lived up to my name for her again.

The day after, my dressings were changed; and the dressing on my eyes was not quite perfect. There was a slight gap at the bottom of my left eye and I could see a little bit through it. I was hoping to get a good look at Nurse Blowjob when she arrived that evening, but as she went about her tasks I couldn't see below waist level. I could see enough to know that she was slim, but couldn't see her face. I thought I might see it when she sucked me off, but she had something else planned for me. 

Once she had teased me to another hard-on, she stepped out of my line of vision for few seconds. I heard the rustle of clothing being removed, then felt her climbing on to the bed. I felt the nurse take hold of my cock and guide it towards her cunt; then she slowly lowered herself down and took my length all the way inside her. As our pubic bones touched, I realised that she was shaved as well.

Looking through the gap in my dressing, I saw that she had a tattoo of a rose on her right foot. The nurse steadied herself, then began to work up and down my cock, harder each time as I tried to thrust back at her. I felt something brush across my lips, and realised it was a nipple. I opened my mouth enough to take it inside, and licked and sucked on it. The nurse started to grunt and pant, and as she came she ground herself against me. She stayed like that for a few seconds, then started to work my cock in and out of her wet pussy again; like before, she built up speed, bouncing up and down on me harder and faster.

I could feel the pressure building up in my balls, and as the nurse came again she once more took me in to the hilt. My own orgasm hit me and I shot my load deep inside her. I felt her slump on top of me, spent, and we lay like that for a few minutes, neither of us speaking. Eventually, she got off me and got dressed, then tidied my bedclothes again and left. Alone in my room again, I reflected on how I hadn't had this much action since my divorce a year ago; come to think of it, I hadn't had this much action in the 6 months leading up to the divorce. 

The next day the doctor came to see me with good news; my bandages were to be removed and I would be going home the following day. That afternoon Nurse Handjob visited me; I recognised her voice, although she acted as if we had never met. I was happy to play along with her; it saved any awkwardness on both our parts. She was an attractive older lady, in her late 40s or early 50s, and would've been absolutely stunning 15 or 20 years ago. The nurse I really wanted to meet face to face was Nurse Blowjob, but that was not to be; the two nurses obviously worked alternate days, and the next morning I went home.

A few months later I was back in the same hospital for a check-up. On my way to my appointment I saw 3 nurses chatting by a water cooler. The one facing me was blonde and extremely attractive; she was also very obviously pregnant. As I neared, she saw me and smiled, then glanced down and patted her baby-bump. She made brief eye contact with me again and then resumed her conversation with her colleagues. I didn't know what, if anything, to make of this unspoken exchange, but as I walked past her I glanced down; and saw that she had a rose tattooed on her right foot.