 The Room

You get on the bed. On your knees you "walk" onto the sheets, still holding my cock. You can feel my pulse race in the palm of your grip. 

The warm skin, the hard but spongy crown nestled in your palm. You release me and turn around, facing me. I’m standing at the bedside. You go down to your hands and knees, eyes level with my cock. Watching it bob and bounce in time with my heart. You take one hand and trace down its length with your fingernails, causing it to swell even larger. You take that hand and cup my balls, heavy in their sack. You bounce them in the palm of your hand. Holding onto them, you lean forward and taste the tip of me with your lips and you can feel my pulse with them. My crown is purple with desire, hard and yet still soft. Your tongue darts from between your rose lips, tracing around the edge, tasting the tiny slit. Your lips engulfing me, squeezing me, teasing me. 

Laughing you sit back on your heels, then lean all the way backwards so you end up on your back and offer me a silk encased leg with toes pointed.

I kneel on the bed and start to roll the gossamer down your legs, tracing its path with licks and kisses. You watch me with eyes of mischief. Down your thighs, to your knees, your calves, and your ankles until it rolls off of your toes and onto the floor. I take a moment to massage the ball of your foot with my thumb, releasing the tension that's there. When you groan slightly I know I have found the spot and work on it for another minute or two. Turning slightly I pay attention to your other leg and roll its silken cocoon as well, administering more wet kisses and licks along its length, revelling in the firmness of your thighs, the shape of your calves. This foot is the same as the other, in need of a few minutes of firm pressure to cause you to close you eyes and exhale. 

I finished with your feet, your eyes half shut, your breath regular and your breasts rising and falling, I reach down to the foot of the bed and take a half-melted ice cube from the champagne bucket. Leaning over you I run it over your lips, wetting them, watching as your tongue comes out to taste it, to dart along its surface, cold, wet and melting. I watch as your lips close around it, sucking on it, taking it into your mouth. Gently I pull it from you lips and run it down over your chin to the base of your throat. Then down your breastbone over the freckles that nestle between your breasts, under your right breast into the fold where it meets your chest around to top, across your freckles again and under your left breast, leaving a melting silver trail on your skin. 

Once finished this circular route, I trace slow concentric circles on your right breast, drawing an intake of breath from you as the ice leaves an icy trail on you. I watch your face. Eyes still closed, biting your lower lip as the cube makes it journey slowly towards your nipple in smaller and smaller circles. Finally it reaches its goal. I trace around your areola, watching your already long nipple get larger. I run the cube across the nipple and it swells even further. You wince a little, as it is so hard and tight. To tease you more I lift the cube to your other nipple to see if it will do the same, and it does. 

Now with my ice getting smaller and smaller, I palm it in my hand and commence my journey downward, between your breasts again, across your flat stomach, where you giggle as the icy drips run across your skin and tickles you. I stop for a moment to try to recover a rogue drop with my tongue. But I miss it as it hides around your diamond stud and then proceeds to drop into your belly button. 

I have to stop now to recover a new ice cube as the old one has melted its last drop onto your skin.

Taking the new cube I trace from your belly button to right leg to discover that your ticklish as well along your inner thigh. When I take the rapidly melting cube along the crease where you right leg joins your body, you giggle again and pull you leg upwards to wards your body in reflex. Curious, I run it along the crease of your left leg and you react the same way. Now that you have pulled both legs up as you start to laugh louder, you have given me complete access to your pussy and the temptation is too great. I take the last little sliver of ice that I have and hold it between my now numb fingers and trace alittle circle around your clit. Already long and elegant, the ice cold urges it to a new tightness, like your nipples. Now with the ice completely melted and silver trails all over you body, I lean down. I can feel its hardness on my lips. I taste you. I can feel your heart beat through it on my lips. I feel your hands in my hair, your hips rising. 

"I want your cock" you whisper, "I want you inside of me" 

I kiss your button, your hands pulling my head up to your face, to your lips, where you taste yourself on my lips. Our tongues duel over each other's lips and teeth. 

You spread you legs tempting me.

My cock still hard, throbbing pauses at your smooth delicate folds. Releasing one hand from my head, you reach down and take my cock, trace it along the your slit, across your button. You find the spot you want and you push upwards. My cock head just parts your lips and I start to lower myself onto and into you. Slowly, with gentle thrusts we work my cock into you. I can feel you take me in, feel your muscles grip me, reluctant to release me as I pull out to push in a little further. I can feel your wetness. I can feel your tightness.

You can feel me stretch you a little as I go deeper. You feel my heart race between your thighs, the delicate lips, and me inside of you. Our lips crush against each other, our teeth bite each other's lips. Your breasts are crushed against my chest as we pull each other tighter, closer to each other. I can feel your nipples like hard pebbles against my chest. Finally I am all the way in, I can go no further and we stop, savouring the moment. Then in unison we start the gently push and pull of love making. Like hand in glove we fit together so well. Your body fitting around mine, moulding to my shape, anointing my cock with your wetness. 

Taking a deep kiss of you lips I raise my head and try to catch my breath and roll to my right, turning you with me, putting you on top.

I edge one leg out from under you, then the other. 

Puzzled you look at me, but all the time you keep up your pushing and pulling. 

I take my legs and wrap them around your body, pulling your legs together and pushing your body between my thighs. Now my cock is trapped between your thighs as well as inside of you and my legs hold them tightly together. Your body weight shifts so that now all of you lower body weight is on your pelvis, on your pussy actually, and your button now rests on my pubic bone. Holding you like this I can no longer take long thrusts and your button is in constant contact with that hard ridge of my body. Smiling now, knowing my intentions, you move in small circles on me. I can feel your button, so erect and hard against my skin. Your thighs pressed tight against each other squeezing my cock in rhythm. I can move but only an inch or two and I match the rhythm of your thighs.

Your eyes show you're in total bliss now. Your button is being constantly teased and aroused, pushed and rolled with me, your lover deep inside of you. You lean down to me, kiss me gently on the lips and our motions speed up, become more urgent. You close your eyes, then open them again so that we can see into each other's eyes. 

I'm lost in your eyes. Our breaths are fast and short. We twist and squirm, drawing into each other. A blush starts on your neck, between your breasts. Your nipples turn dark and red. You make that low moan deep in your throat. I thrust one last time and freeze. 

Le petit mort. 

I feel you spasm around me You feel me cum deep into you. Adding to our wetness. Feeling our passions mix. Having your shoulders shake, your breasts move in soft delight, as you collapse on my chest Feeling your nipples burn into me. Hearing your breath hesitate then release in a slow expulsion. Your final moan, of release.

Lying there in the bed, sheets tussled, the scent of our lovemaking in the air, our hearts stop racing and our breathing slowly returns to normal. We lie there, arms around each other’s bodies, legs entwined our bodies warm against each other. Our hair is tussled and all over the place and we both have a gentle blush to our skin. 

Your so beautiful. 

Gently we disengage from each other, untangling arms and legs as we pull pillows under our heads and the sheets up to our chins. Facing each other we kiss gently and re-wrap arms around each other, legs over each other. "Je t'adore " and "I love you" is spoken, punctuated with soft kisses.

You turn around and let me spoon into your body, cupping breasts, wiggling against your ass. I whisper into your ear, "I am yours Chantal Rose, completely". 

You reply, "I am yours, unconditionally" We snuggle even closer and sleep the sleep of lovers.