 After preparing the house all day for his arrival home, I prepared myself with a languid warm bath with herbs and oils. Lying back in the tub with my eyes closed picturing and planning the evening for the love of my life. Just the thought of what laid ahead for the evening was enough to make my pussy wet and my nipples hard.

I picked up some flowers, white daisies, yellow daffodils and red roses for love and placed them in the bedroom. I had put fresh sheets on the bed and scented them with ylang ylang and a hint of sandalwood. I picked up his favorite beer and had it chilling in the fridge. I had prepared his favorite meal and had the table set with candles.

None of my preparations were for any other reason, except that I love him.

Bill came home from work about an hour after I finished my bath. I met him at the door where the first words out of his mouth were "Hi baby, how was your day?" I said, "I am fine, but right now your relaxation and happiness is my prime concern." "I have a surprise for you!"

I took his hand and led him to the kitchen where we sat and ate supper at the candle lit table and talked about our day. I told him I took the kids to our friends for an overnight, and that we had the house to ourselves. Bill looked up at me and shot me "that" smile. I cleared the table and when I was done, I led him to the bedroom turning out lights as I went. I told him to sit on the bed and relax. Then I lit several scented candles in the house and bathroom, drew a bath and added ylang ylang to the running water. 

I went back to the bedroom, took his hand and pulled him up as I slowly unbuttoned his shirt, running my hands across his chest and nipples, making them hard. I roll them in between my thumb and index finger. I hear a low throaty moan. I continue down his abdomen with my fingers lightly touching the skin. Small goose bumps rise on his body from the sensation. I slowly run my hands around the waistband of his pants unbutton and unzip them and let them slide down and off. I run my hands up his tight masculine body as I stand up. We walked to the bathroom and had him step into the tub, sit down and relax in the warm water. Bill always enjoyed a good beer over a glass of wine, so I got him his favorite beer from the fridge.

As Bill relaxed in the tub, I slowly undressed for him. I watched his eyes dance with pleasure as I slowly exposed my breasts, one at a time. My large nipples are hard and sensitive, aching to be touched. I feel my whole body reacting to his gaze. My heart quickened, as did my breathing. My clit was hard and my smooth pussy was very wet just from anticipation. Every move I made increased the sensitivity. But tonight was for Bill's pleasure. My pleasure would come from making him happy. 

As I leaned into the tub, I grabbed a sponge and soap. I had him lean forward and I soaped his back, rubbing slowly in small circular movements starting at his neck and working my way slowly down to his shoulder blades and then across to the center of his back and then so-so slowly down the center of his back, then with short up and down strokes to the outside of his back and then back up the canter and across the shoulders. Then I had him sit back, I soaped my hands and used it like a lotion, then smoothly went across his masculine chest, teasing his nipples to hardness as he laid his head back against the wall. Then I slowly went down his abdomen with intentional teasing motions. His breathing quickens as I slid my hands down his stomach in one long slow move.

I used my hands and raised each leg and washed from his toes to his thighs, massaging my hands in a slow wrapping motion up and then down each leg. Methodically I run my finger between each toe, one at a time, holding and massaging each toe individually.

Bill looks at me with that smile of his and says, "I want you." I smiled at him and said I wasn't done pampering him yet. I soap my hands and gently grab his cock and stroke up and down, he becomes rock hard, while my other hand massages and washes his balls. His breathing quickens and he pushes his head back again. Not wanting to rush the moment, I stop massaging and have him stand up so I can rinse him off. I get a large thick towel and start drying him off from head to toe, making sure to leave no area unattended.

Just as I am about to finish, Bill pulls me into him and whispers, "Baby, I can't wait any longer," as he kisses me long and hard, our tongues exploring and tasting each other. His arms wrapped around me, hands exploring. My skin tingled from his touch and my heart quickened. We made our way to the bedroom. He lays me down so gently on the bed its as if time is standing still. He gently lies next to me and kisses me so softly on my neck, just under my ear, my breath catches in my chest as his hand lightly touches my breast. His mouth moves to my lips and our tongues touch and explore, tasting each other, sharing our saliva, our flavors. He leisurely works his way down to my breast, his strong hands gently cupping them. He starts to lick at the sides and gradually makes his way to my nipples.

He gazes up at me and says, "I love your breast, and your nipples are so big." He taunts them with his tongue, flicking and then deliberately sucking just the buds. My fingers run through his hair as my back arches from the sheer pleasure of his attention and a low throaty moan escapes as I finally exhale. He slowly rises up and kisses me so gently and softly, "your so beautiful, I want to taste all of you," he says almost at a whisper.

As he raises my arms above my head, and working his way down my chest, he stops momentarily at each breast for yet another taste. He traces down my abdomen and over my stomach with his tongue, stopping at intervals to kiss and lightly suck. His mouth continued down until it reached my wet, creamy pussy. He laps at the moisture, slowly at first with just the tip and then his whole tongue lies against my swollen lips. Two fingers enter my wet pussy while his tongue and teeth play with my clit. My hands grab the sheets and my head arches back, holding in a scream. He thrust his fingers in all the way while his tongue plays with my clit, flicking back and forth. It was too much…. my god…. too much. My head was ready to explode. He kept on until I let loose with a throaty scream and my fingers dug into the bed while my legs shook, he drank all of my juices. Wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure came over my body. As the tremors finally stopped, Bill rose up and his lips and chin were covered with my juices. I pulled him up to me and we kissed, at the same time tasting myself, knowing that this is what I tasted like to him.

I rolled Bill over onto his back and slowly kissed his mouth, tasting him, tracing his lips with my fingertip. I ran my hands along his face and hair, wanting to touch him constantly, wanting to memorize every trace of him. Looking into his eyes, finding lust and love fighting for the right to take control. I got up on my knees and straddled his body; leaning forward I placed the tip of my tongue so lightly on his ear and trace the outside edge. Slowly working my way down his neck to his collarbone with light flicks of my tongue. Stopping occasionally to taste his salty skin. His hands are running up and down my back. When my lips find the hollow area right below the collarbone, I run my tongue in little circles, the skin becomes wet with saliva and I blow a rush of air over the wet skin. His hands stop moving and grab onto me as he lets out a small moan.

My mouth continues down his chest, finding his nipples hard and aching for attention. I suck on them, run my tongue around them and lightly graze my teeth over them. He moans and shifts his body. I continue my loving torment with my mouth, running my tongue down the center of his stomach, stopping only momentarily at his at his navel and then down farther.

My hands slowly grab his hard aching cock and begin a slow rhythm up and down. My tongue stretches out to just touch the tip of his head, so red and engorged. Bill pushes his head back in the pillow and momentarily holds his breath. My lips are now wrapping his cock, he raises up on his elbow and watches me, sucking slowly at first and then harder, just on the head of his cock, while my hand continues to stroke him. Little droplets of pre cum have started and it strings from his cock to my mouth as I raise my head up, as I look him in the eyes…"you taste so good," I said.

I move down to his balls with my mouth, taking them in my mouth, one at a time. Sucking lightly and running my tongue all over them, while they become tight and hard. My hand continues it's slow stroking of his cock as my mouth continues to explore, finding sensitivity at the area just under and behind his balls. When my tongue touches him, his breathing quickened, and he pushes his head back and I hear him moan, …"oh god! That feels so good, don't stop." I continued to lick and suck and lightly kiss this newfound area of bliss for him.

After a time, I ran my tongue up the crease between his upper thigh and his cock. The head of his cock glistens with pre cum, I run my thumb over the top as my hand came up, feeling his slippery skin. My mouth goes down over his head, pausing only to run my tongue around the ridge of skin at the bottom of the head. His facial expressions showing the pleasure he feels. 

I lower my mouth onto his cock and take him into my mouth again, this time all the way down, sucking lightly. I continue to go up and down on his cock sucking harder and faster. His cock is twitching and pulsing in my mouth. He groans and moans with pleasure. His hand is on my head, guiding me up and down, thrusting his pelvis up into my mouth. His breathing quickens, he grabs my shoulder and says, "Baby I can't take any more, I'm going to explode." I look up at him and said "I want to taste you…oh god…I want to taste all of you…"

I started to suck harder, at the same time stroking up and down with my hand. I hear a gasp,"Christ…oh Christ! that's unbelievable …don't stop…suck it baby…"

His hips pushing up faster now then his whole body tensed as he shot his cum deep into my mouth, spurt after spurt, letting out a low animal like groan. When he stopped pulsing, his cock was still rock hard.

I raised myself up, took his hand and had him feel my pussy. Smooth, wet slippery lips. I was sopping wet with white creamy juices. He rubbed my clit to painful hardness, making my thighs quiver and my lips swell. I straddled him and lowered myself onto his hard cock.

My hands gripped his waist and chest for support. I could feel his hard throbbing cock going in and out against my wet slippery walls. My pussy was gripping, and sliding, and squeezing. There was no way to stop what was going to happen and I didn't want it to. He reached for me, cupping my bouncing breasts. He began to thrust up with each of my downward movements.

The explosion I felt was so violent, so hard it took the air from my lungs. My insides coiled, my mouth is open but no sound escapes, my legs and hips shake uncontrollably.

His cock explodes with such force, I felt like I would blow to pieces. I open my eyes to see him holding my hips in place as I continued to grind on him. His eyes are shut and his skin is flushed, shining with sweat.

Slowly… his convulsions slow and then stop. I fall forward onto his chest as he wraps his arms around me. We both laid this way for some time, with him still inside of me. Then when I moved off of him, I laid next to him with my head on his chest.

He softly says "baby you can surprise me anytime."