 The Bar

I’m standing at the end of the bar, 19 floors about the waterfront. The rotating bar gives the most impressive view of the Toronto skyline at night as well as the star lit sky over the lake, as it spins on its axis. 

I have asked you to meet me at this spot where we can hold court over the city. 

At precisely 9 p.m. you enter the bar. 

You wear that favourite dress of mine, the red one, with a gold belt. 

You pause at the doorway, your eyes adjusting to the dim lights. Your silhouette in the doorway is one of a tall, slender and curvy woman. The silky material is clinging in the all the right spots, and falling away in others and only hints at the sensual body underneath. A diamond necklace rests between the warm freckled valley between your breasts. Your legs, long and elegant, are showcased in black stockings. Your high heels enhance the curve of your calves. You draw both male and female eyes, eyes filled with longing and desire. 

You start for the bar, hips swaying seductively, like languid waves on the ocean. Your breasts give a slight bounce with each step. I can just see the faint outline of two nipples, starting to harden under the red silk.

At the bar you perch on a stool and cross your legs, your hem rising, teasing me with just a flash of your inner thigh. 

I motion the bartender to me and in a low voice tell him my request. 

He approaches you and sets a glass of champagne before you on the napkin. As he sets the glass down, he catches the delicate hint of rose and vanilla. 

As you raise the flute to your lips, I see a smile on your lips, that little smile that I love so much. Time passes and you enjoy the champagne and listen to the pianist as he plays in the far corner of the room. 

I send you another flute of champagne, this one with an envelope.

An amused look crosses your face when they are placed before you. 

You sit and look at the envelope as it sits on the bar before you. The bubbles rising in your glass, escaping their crystal cage. You take a deep breath and reach out and take the creamed coloured envelope in your hands. It has no markings other than, 

Chantal Rose, Mon Petit

Biting your lower lip, you turn the envelope over, open it and remove the single piece of notepaper inside and unfold it. 

Touching, tasting, feeling

Each other

Knowing, understanding

Companion

Breathing the same air

Sharing the same moment

Existing in the same space

Not knowing our fate

Not playing by the rules

Believing in nothing but ourselves

Caring for nothing

Living in the heat of the action

Come to me. 

Votre Amoureux 



You tip the envelope and a room key card falls onto the bar’s polished surface. 

Suite 1208

A small blush rises in to your cheeks as you gather up your purse, your note and your room card and you make way out of the bar towards the elevators. 

Everyone’s eyes are in the room are now on you. They can tell from your walk, the look in your eye, the sway of your hips, that you are a seductress, with smouldering passions.

A seductress, that has captured his heart. 

He is powerless.

He belongs to you.

He is yours and yours alone.

You reach the elevator and push the call button. The car reaches the floor, the doors open to an empty car and you enter. Just as the doors start to close I slip into the car, just squeezing past the closing doors. Without stopping I come up to you, gather you in my arms, kiss you deeply on your delicate rose petal soft lips. I brush them with the tip of my tongue, feeling you melt, tasting you, sharing your breath. Your hands rest on my chest, brush against something in my jacket pocket. 

"Monsieur, what is this?", you ask with an impish look on your face as you pull a length of lavender silk ribbon from my pocket. 

" Cheri, I think the colour would look nice against your skin”, I reply with a small smile, as the doors whisper open at our floor.

Our arms around each other’s waists, we walk down hall. As we walk, occasionally your hip brushes against mine sending shivers down my spine, arousing me.

We stop at our door and you take the card and swipe it against the lock. I hold the door open, you take my hand and you pull me into the room. The door closes behind us. You stop and take me into your arms, your mouth hungrily on mine. We pull apart… breathless and walk further into the suite. The lights are down low, the bed is turned down and an opened bottle of champagne sits in an ice bucket. I pour us two fresh flutes while you go to the window. 

With the curtains pulled back our view of the inner harbour is unrestricted. The lights from the island homes twinkle in the distance. The moonlight paints a streak of light across the ripples of the inner harbour. 

Seeing you from across the room framed in the dark frame of the window I notice the shape of your body as you stand there, your dress fitting just so, as it hugs close to your feminine curves. Your hair is pulled up, showing your neck and a string of diamonds. 

I come up behind you and place a flute into your hand. You hold it to your cheek, listening to the bubbles as they whisper to you as they race to the surface in silvery streams and burst. My hands rest on your shoulders, then on your hips as I nuzzle the nape of your neck. You raise your glass to you lips and take a small sip. I can see your eyes reflected in the window glass as I nibble an earlobe. I watch your lips wet themselves on the golden nectar, delicate soft lips now wet as you run your tongue over them. 

Still nuzzling, I reach up and undo the clip on your hair, letting it cascade down over my face, across your shoulders as I kiss them. I reach up and start to lower the zipper of your dress, tracing its path along your skin with a fingertip. 

Down your back, along your spine to the top of your panties, lavender lace across your fair skin. 

Now free, you shrug your shoulders and the dress falls. I run my fingers across your silky skin, feeling your warmth. I taste you with my lips. 

You drain your champagne glass and hand me it to me. I relinquish my contact with you to place it on a nearby table only to return to you to find that you have shrugged completely out of the dress. 

I come up behind you and take in your reflection from the dark glass. Your hair is cascading over your shoulders, your eyes smouldering with passion. Your breasts are cupped in lavender lace cups, nipples erect straining the thin material. Your diamond belly ring flashing against the darkness of the night outside of the glass. Your calves and thighs, shapely but restrained by your dark nylons are framing your pussy. The lavender lace of your panties shapes and matches the swell and curve of your body, your warmth is moulding it to your contours. 

Your beauty takes my breath away. 

I cup your breasts, brush my fingers across your nipples, pulling the cups away from your skin, releasing your nipples to the air. I fumble with the clasp of your bra, finally, getting it undone, pushing the straps from your shoulders, letting the lace and wire fall to the floor.

My hands are now on your hips. I feel you rock slightly and see your face in reflection of the glass…eyes closed…one of my hands resting on your flat stomach, the other cupping your breast, teasing the nipple with the ball of my thumb. 

Kneeling behind you I pull your lace panties down, running my hand along your legs as I travel downward, to your knees, where I kiss the back of each leg, through the shear material. Down to your ankles the lace goes and there I help you raise first one foot then the other to release you from the silk… and you adjust your stance, so you can stand with your legs slightly farther apart. 

Still kneeling behind you I can now see the delicate folds between your thighs and I take in their delicate scent. Rising, I take off my jacket and drop it to the floor. Undo my tie and toss it across the room

You're watching me in the glass as I undo my shirt, and your fingers play with your diamond in your belly button. I fumble with my buttons and zipper and lower my pants and kick off my shoes and your hand finds your button, proud and erect in your folds. I lower my briefs, kick them away and wrap my arms around you. My arousal is so apparent as it nestles between your cheeks, a hand seeking out your free breast, the other finding your finger already on your button making long slow strokes along your slit, which is already starting to grow moist. I see your eyes close, your lips moistened by your tongue, the diamond necklace around your neck. Sighing you lean forward, resting your cheek on the cool glass, your nipples brush against the cooler smooth surface as well and swell against it and they get redder. 

Your breath is starting to come quicker and it mists the glass as you start to make little noises deep in your throat, little meows.

Your finger moves more quickly on your button you push back into me, feeling me hard against you. Your silken thighs against mine. Sudden you tense up, a small spasm shakes your body, and you stop breathing for a moment.

A small groan escapes your lips.

Slowly you open your eyes, a whisp of hair across your face, a small smile on your lips. You turn to face me, leaning back against the misted glass. Your nipples are red like raspberries, a blush across your breasts and the freckles in between, your button unveiled. With an impish smile you look into my eyes and take my hard cock in your hand and start to walk to the bed, tugging me along. 

"Aimez-moi" you whisper, "Prenez-moi" We reach the bed and you kneel onto it, " Faites-moi le vôtre " 

"As I am yours Chantal Rose ", I whisper into your ear.