 I was 21, fit, tanned and ready to hit the clubs in Melbourne! But first, let me tell you a bit about what was going on in my life at the time. Please forgive me long winded writing style - this is my first story, and happens to be 100% true.

Working in Melbourne was fantastic! I love meeting people and finding out about them and the interesting differences in lives. I really enjoyed my job - most of the time - working for Australia's biggest communications provider. I worked in technical support, and was quickly being promoted. Being extremely confident in conversations, technical and I'm told, fairly good looking, meant life was fairly easy for me.

Melbourne city is a modern city, with fantastic cafe's, restaurants and new buildings constructed constantly. It is also a massive sporting city, with 2 immense stadiums where concerts, our 'Football', Soccer, and various other sports drew crowds of people into the city for crazy nights of cheering, drinking and other escapades! Melbourne is has a very active, diverse night life. From pubs to clubs and mixtures of the two. Parts of Melbourne have more pubs per square km, than anywhere else on earth.

I'll get back to THAT friday night now! I had worked my 5 days, and my work mates and I were up for another night hitting the clubs. Dressed in suits from work, we went to the nearest pub first, for the cheap beer and liquor available. 2$ beers and basic spirits meant we could get pretty drunk before going to the more expensive places. This was a regular routine for us, and everyone knew we would either go to the strippers upstairs - even the females were keen - or hit one of the clubs that Mikey had friends at. Mikey was my closest work mate, and we hit the gym together often. 

Me being single, I was hoping to meet a nice woman at the clubs or pubs that night, but rather than do what most of the blokes seemed to do - sleeze up to the ladies, I decided that I'd be friendly when I had the opportunity, but I wouldn't force opportunities to happen. I didn't like the idea of seeming like a jerk and interrupting other peoples conversations, or potentially get in a fight trying to pick up someone elses girl. That just isn't me.

I spent my time at the pub chatting with my work friends - two of which were gorgeous! Dana was a short Malaysian girl, who whilst a few years older than me, had one of the most beautiful smiles I have ever seen. Pure white teeth and a natural glint in her eyes every time she smiled. She had a boyfriend, but that didn't stop me being close with her. She was usually the one laughing at me when I got too drunk, found myself in bad situations, or met a girl and went home with her. She found me funny, but was not interested in me. 

Then there was Kara. Kara was the most intensely sexual person I have ever met. Whilst we never hooked up, we often chatted about sex, sexuality and life in general. She had a girlfriend, but was openly Bi, and open to hooking up with me if I was up for it, as her girlfriend was happy for her to do so. She invited me to gay clubs with her and her girlfriend, but unfortunately, I was just too intimidated by the idea of a gay club. I regret not spending more time with her now! Kara had short cropped dark brown hair, with big brown eyes, lips that reminded me of Angelina, with a lip ring off to one side. AMAZING body. I had never seen a slim (healthily slim) body with such nice curves. I had plenty of opportunity to check out her cleavage as she often worked next to me, and her ass seemed to be always pointed my way. Boy did I dream about her a lot! I was hoping that tonight, she might come clubbing with me and I'd be able to make a move. She was wearing seemingly painted on black jeans, and a flowing blue shirt that was teasingly unbuttoned due to the hot Melbourne summer.

I was on my 8th drink for the night and looked back from the bar to notice most of my work friends were getting up to leave. I approached the group, fairly drunk, and hoped to convince the girls to come clubbing with Mikey and I. Whilst I caught Kara's eyes pleadingly, no one wanted to stay, even her. Just wasn't my night. 

Feeling down and out, I asked Mikey if he wanted to call it a night. The thing about Mikey, is that he knew everyone. A little shorter than my 6 foot frame, he was very well built with muscles in places I didn't have places. He was european, and had a community of friends that were often DJing at the best clubs in Melbourne. We quite often got past the long queues, and into the clubs with no door fee, and cheap drinks. Mikey was up for a big night as his girlfriend was working that night. He suggested we hit a new club that our mutual friend was DJ'ing at, Chicane.

We walked the 2km or so to the club, which gave me a bit of a chance to sober up. I tend to sober up very quickly as I have an extremely fast metabolism, and having no body fat. On the way I was asking Mikey all about the club, trying to gain some idea of what we would be walking into. He just said it was going to be a good night and he had lots of friends there. This would prove a very important factor in my night!

We finally hit the club, and walked past the huge bouncers. They said hello to Mikey, nodded at me as if I was the smallest person they had ever seen, and we walked up the red carpet to the dance floor. Ready to get into it, I was psyched up, but my elation dropped when we got inside. It was almost empty. I looked around for the bar and ordered a drink, and noticed that it was still early at 10pm. Mikey and I just sat on a couch and had a few drinks and made jokes at our predicament and waited for the club to fill.

After and hour or two, it started getting really busy and the music started cranking. I walked back from the toilets to see the dance floor packed. However what I wasn't ready for, was that I was the only obvious looking Anglo-Saxon Aussie there! Whilst Australia is not typically racist, there are clubs that certain races tended to own, and guard jealously. Every culture dresses differently, and I was in a well cut designer suit, whilst everyone else was in the normal clubbing clothes for the time. I walked in and everyone just seemed to stop dancing at once, and look at me. Feeling like things were going to get bad, I looked around for any familiar faces and saw the DJ, Nick, looking back at me. He grabbed the mic, and said to everyone 'Hey, this is Nate, he's one of us! Give him a good night!'. I looked around and everyone softened towards me, with a couple of the guys coming across to say hi, shake my hand and wish me a good night. Boy was I relieved! The music started again and I started dancing with a few of the girls whilst enjoying more drinks - on the house this time!

I was getting into one of the songs when I felt a pinch on my ass, and rather than turn around to confront whoever it was, I put my hand behind me and grabbed the hips of the girl who had grabbed me. We kept dancing that way until the song ended, and I turned around, desperately hoping against hope that it was Kara behind me by some miracle.

It wasn't. It was someone I had never met before, but she was gorgeous. Flowing black wavy hair down to her ass, curvy figure but not fat by any means. What caught me was her confident eyes, easy but seductive smile and her forwardness. She had a tight white top on, which allowed me to look down her cleavage, and a mini skirt that rode up enough, and was stretch enough for her to grind on my thighs often. We danced for an hour or so, groping each other often, but unable to converse as the music was just too loud. I motioned for her to come to the bar with me, and when we got there she took over. 

Two shots for us thanks! she said to the barman, who gave us some concoction that looked evil. She gulped hers down and offered me mine. Meanwhile a local favorite song came on, and the club went nuts. Pushed against me, this woman - and I still didn't know her name - took the opportunity to slide her hands down my body, into my suit pants, and start teasingly stroking me. I had my shot in one hand, and the other around her, so I couldn't even cover up, but thats what she wanted. I took my shot with her kissing up my neck feeling like tonight had started to go how I had hoped it would!

I put the shot glass down, feeling extremely drunk, horny and excited, and yelled into her ear, "Do you want to get out of here?" To which she nodded yes and took my hand and led me outside. Without discussing it I hailed a cab, and she gave the driver the directions to her place.

I took the opportunity to ask her name, and she just shook her head no. Confused but accepting, I slid closer and kissed along her cheek to her mouth and started making out with her. Glancing up to see the driver watching us, I slid my hand up her leg and started rubbing the outside of her pussy, feeling certain she was wearing a thong, my favorite! She pushed me back onto the bench seat of the cab, and laid on me whilst we made out. Sitting up to see how far we had to go, she smiled as I sat up, looked at the cab driver and undid my belt and fly. 

Taking my now rock hard cock out of my pants, she bent down and ever so slowly licked my my shaft, maintaining eye contact with me the whole time. She looked like a kid in a candy store, slowly teasing me, licking under the head, and soften but insistently sucking down till she had me all the way in her throat. I moaned and tried to reach to grope her but couldn't reach, and lost all thoughts as she started a sucking pressure. Beginning to move slowly up and down, maintaining the sucking pressure, I felt my body go into overdrive. My toes balls tingled, my breathing stopped, but she kept going. Being fairly drunk, I lasted a long time and we made it to her house before I came. I was happy to pay the $100 to the driver, and we walked into her place.

Getting inside, I grabbed her ass with two hands and pulled her body hard against me. I wanted her in the worst way. Whispering in my ear that she needed a shower, she stepped away and walked smoothly to her bathroom.

I followed and enjoyed the site of her undressing, leaving her in a tiny white thong, and well fitting but see through bra. I took the opportunity to undress whilst taking in the sight of this beauty before me, and she dropped the thong and bra and stepped into the shower.

Taking the chance to freshen up, I closed my eyes and let the water run over my face and hair, and I felt her slide down my body and start sucking me again. This time, I looked down and did not take any chance to try to touch or guide her, but let her do her thing. As she was softly sucking my cock, both hands slid up my legs, and she started slowly massaging my balls. I was in heaven, but I felt there was no rush. There was an un-spoken understanding that we were not in a hurry, and that anything was ok. I knew I couldn't cum anytime soon as I was just too drunk, but I was rock hard. Being 7 inches long, I was a bit below average length for an Aussie guy, but I was fairly thick. She however, did not struggle at all to get the whole thing down, whilst perfectly rolling my balls around in two hands.

I moaned and looked up at the ceiling enjoying the sensations she was giving me. My reverie was broken when I felt a sharp pain from my ass.

My eyes went wide, and I looked down and just about shouted "WHAT WAS THAT?!". She stopped sucking, letting my rock hard cock fall from between her lips, and said "I've got a finger in your bum, shut up and enjoy it". 

Being young, and very inexperienced, I had never had my ass touched, let alone fingered before. It felt new, scary and beyond intense. She began slipping her finger deeper and deeper, watching for my reaction - which she told me later, was kind of frightened. As she started sliding the finger in and out, whilst licking all around my shaft and cock head, the finger started to curl inside me and she hit a point that made me just about black out. I cried out in joy, but didn't cum. I knew my precum was flowing into her mouth, but she pushed her finger in deeper, harder and faster, all the while maintaining the timing of sucking me in and out and rolling my balls around in the palm of her hand. This woman knew what she was doing, and was so far above what I was up to, I knew I had to step up my game tonight.

I pulled her up, and pushed her against the glass wall of her shower, and started kissing her passionately, like a crazy man in heat (which I was!). Soaping up her C cub breasts, I paid special attention to her nipples, squeezing and rolling them between my fingers, which she seemed to love. She stood there, letting me pleasure her, and I spread her legs apart with gentle taps from my foot. I leaned down to suckle on her nipples, my hands sliding down her body to cub her hairless pussy. She moaned as I softly rubbed my middle finger down, and onto her clit.

Enjoying hearing her breaths deepen, I slid down her body and looked up at her as I extended my tongue, and licked up her labia, then slowly sliding my tongue onto her clit and sucking on it. I kept licking, exploring and holding her against my mouth until the hot water ran out, and she came twice.

Grabbing me by the hand, she led me to the bed, and laid on her back, legs spread.

I took the opportunity to take in the sight of this naked, wet and horny woman in front of me and climbed onto the bed, licking up her ankle to her inner thigh. She looked me in the eyes and sexily said "You know what is super sexy? Having a finger in your ass when you are being eaten" I took this as my que and slid a finger into her very wet, but amazingly tight vagina. Getting nice and wet, I slid it down to her ass hole, and gently pushed it in, as I leanded down to insert my tongue as deep into her pussy as I could. She moaned out loud, and I started getting to work. Maintaining a regular in and out motion with my finger in her ass, I try my best to give her the pussy eating of her life. I'm sure I was average as I was still drunk, but I gave it my best shot!

She held my head against her body with one hand whilst twisting a nipple in the other hand and cumming so violently I thought my finger in her ass would snap. She exhaled loudly and flopped back on the bed.

I thought the night might be finished as she came so hard, but she had other ideas. Pulling me down onto my back next to her, she got up and grabbed my hard cock, and guided it to her very wet, dripping pussy. She sat down hard, and allowed me to savor the tight, wet and hot pussy.

She started riding me back and forward, sliding my dick in and out of her, sitting up so I could watch and help her move with my hands on her hips. She rode me faster and faster and I noticed her tits bouncing around from the effort. I leaned up as much as I could (my ab muscles were good but I was running out of energy) and licked her cleavage and nipples and pushed into her as hard as I could. We both came and I suddenly remembered that I had no protection on!

Freaking out for just a second she smiled and mentioned it was ok, she was on the pill and didn't like condoms.

She laid on my chest and we both enjoyed the after climax reverie. Amazingly, I was still hard and for the one and only time in my life - so far that is - knew I could cum again. Somehow, without me saying, she seemed to sense what I was thinking and started moving my hard cock, in and out of her now crazily wet (and kind of cold feeling now?) pussy. Sitting up straight with a sudden burst of inspiration, she jumped off me running to the wardrobe.

Wondering what was going on, and kind of concerned, I sat up and watched trying to see what she was grabbing.

She came back with a wicked looking vibrator, and some lube. I was so young and in-experienced with sex, that I had never even seen lube before! She got on all fours, and spread her legs apart looking at me.

She passed me the vibrator, which was a white, rubbery plastic item, with veins and a speed dial on the bottom. I inspected it and tested how it worked first. The entire thing buzzed, but also rotated in the centre. Hard to explain but very very cool. I got behind her and slid it into her sodden pussy and she gasped and looked back at me grinning. Leaving the vibrator on low, but pushed all the way to the hilt in her tunnel, I just watched for a while until she sat up, and grabbed the bottle of lube. Grabbing my cock and coating it in lube, she said "Have you ever fucked an ass before?" I just shook my head no.

Getting back to all fours, she reached behind her and guided my cock to her ass hole. I had the chance now to see it up close and it was perfect. I timidly pushed against it and she pushed back, obviously concentrating to release the muscles.

I felt my head pop in, and she moved like it was painful. I stupidly went to pull out and she grabbed me and said no, and pushed back against me slowly but insistently until I was all the way in. It was the tightest, hottest feeling I have ever experienced. What made it more so, was the she still had the vibrator on inside her and I could feel it vibrating against my balls also.

I started getting more confident and so started pumping in and out of her. Falling onto one hand, she reached between her legs and started pumping the vibrator in and out in alternating strokes to my cock. This made her wetness coat my balls and it felt amazing as her hand brushed against them.

I got into a deep rythem with her and pushing all the way in, and pulling her cheeks apart to see her deep I was, I came with all my strength.

She lasted a least 2 seconds longer and convulsed and screamed for 30 seconds so loud I thought the police would be called.

We fell to the bed exhausted, and I looked across at the clock. 5am. We had fucked for at least 2 hours now, and I had nothing left. Falling asleep with our juices all over us, was fantastic.

I woke up and realized I had to get home, then off to work! I got up out of her bed, leaving her asleep, and walked to her kitchen, completely and utterly naked. To my surprise, she had a flat mate! Her flat mate was a beautiful blonde girl, and she looked at my naked form, smiled and waved. I went red, waved back, but felt it stupid to try to hide my body and just let her see me for all I had.

I would love to say I went across and had my way wit her too, but thats not the case. However I spent 10 minutes with her devouring me with her eyes, whilst making breakfast and phone calls, and I think it was the most erotic 10 minutes of my life. She did't try to hide the fact she was looking at me, and it was great.

I walked back into the bedroom and my girl was awake. I asked for her phone number and vice versa and said I had to go, but we should do that again. She said maybe, but next time without the alcohol!

I paid the cab driver the $200 to get home, and walked through the doors and got ready for work. I knew my sex life would never be the same, but also knew I would never see this girl again. She was too experienced for me, and lived 2 hours drive away. I wished I had asked her name again, but it didn't cross my mind!

Now I am married with kids, and I still to this day, remember that night... the most intense sexual day of my life.