 It had been a long week at work and I was looking forward to a relaxing weekend. Two days to sleep in and forget about the stress and headaches of my job. I grabbed a couple of movies on the way home from work and jumped in the shower shortly after getting home. 

Dropping my clothes on the bathroom floor I turned on the water and stepped into the shower. The warm water felt so good hitting my tired muscles. I spent extra time soaping up my breasts feeling my nipples tingle and harden as I run the soap over them. I felt a twitch in my groin each time my hand touched my nipples. Needing to feel that release, I slid my hand down my tummy, spread the lips of my pussy and groaned as I felt how wet I was. Circling my clit and then sliding my fingers inside me...felt so good and I felt my orgasm building quickly. It had been too long without sex, since Jimmy and I had ended our relationship. My need wouldn't allow for me to take my time and I felt myself getting closer as my fingers worked their magic. Feeling my orgasm getting closer and closer I cried out when I felt the gush of warm wetness between my thighs as I came in wave after wave.

Drying off I grabbed a robe and wandered in to look at the movies I had picked. Just as I picked up the first DVD the phone rang.

"Hello", I answered the phone.

"Hey girl!" Liz, my best friend chirped over the phone. "Whatcha' doin' tonight?"

"Just resting and contemplating a warm cocoa and a movie. What's up?" I answered.

"Dee, you going to stay home on a Friday night? You never have any fun any more. Why not get up, get dressed and come to Louie's tonight."

Louie's was a local bar/dance club that usually drew in an interesting crowd...some regulars, some not.

"I don't know, Liz, I'm beat tonight." I whined.

"Dee, you have the rest of your life to rest...you need to get out and have some fun. So listen, grab your sexiest outfit and I'm picking you up in an hour...no if's ands or buts about it."

Thinking about the movie in my lap, that really didn't look that good and the prospect of maybe enjoying myself, I resigned..."Ok, but only for a few hours."

I stepped into my bedroom, trying to decide what I should wear. Damn, I thought to myself....what should I wear. My 38 DD's and nice round ass would look good in the little red mini dress and heels I purchased last month on a whim. I'm about 5'6" tall, not skinny, but curvy with a tight round ass and large breasts with nice large nipples. I slipped on a black lacy bra and panties. The dress zipped up the front and I looked in the mirror. I adjusted the zipper lower so the full roundness of my breasts pushed up from my bra. Not bad I thought. Grabbing some gel and the hair dryer I proceeded to tease my dark, thick, shoulder length hair out, letting if frame my face. Looking back in the mirror, I knew I needed some extra make-up to emphasize my green eyes and full lips. I rummaged thru the dresser drawers until I found what I was looking for. A black garter and a pair of black thigh-high stockings. Pulling them on followed by the red spike heels, I glanced back into the mirror. Oh God, I thought, I look like I am ready for sex, is this what I want to advertise. The dress hugged my curves in all the right places and made me feel so sexy. Why not, I thought as I heard Liz's horn outside. Grabbing my house keys and a small clutch I headed out the door.

"Damn girlfriend. I'm not going to have any luck getting laid with you with me. You look hot tonight!"

Slipping inside her I said, 'Liz, don't worry. You never have any trouble finding a guy. Who are you kidding? You're gorgeous."

Liz's petite 5'2" body was poured into a pair of black jeans and a tight cotton top. She had small breasts but a tight little body that had no difficultly turning the heads of mean. Her long blonde hair was worn loose.

As we pulled into the parking lot at Louie's I frowned as I noticed the parking lot wasn't very full. "Looks like a slow night tonight, Liz. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea."

"It will pick up...give it an hour or two"...she said as she parked and turned off the key. 

As we walked in the front door, I saw half a dozen guys sitting in the front room around the bar. A few eyes and smiles leered at us as we walked to the back room and the dance floor. A few couples were dancing to the rock music blaring as we made ourselves to a table close to the bar but still in view of the dance floor. I sat down and Liz wandered up to the bar. The pickings looked slim in Louise's tonight and I tried to make myself comfortable. Several men were looking my way, but none seemed to be of any interest to me.

Liz bounced over carrying 2 large Long Island Ice Teas.

"Here you go....first drink is on me. This will loosen you up."

Taking a sip, I winced tasting the strong liquors in the drink. I knew I wasn't much of a drinker so decided I would sip on the drink for a while. Liz was chattering and as hard as I could, I tried to pay attention to what she was saying. Just as I thought she would drive me nuts with her talking, a guy she obviously knew asked her to dance.

Watching Liz and her partner dance, I didn't notice him until he was beside the table.

"Is this seat taken?" A deep male voice asked.

Looking up, I felt my heart skip a beat. He was darkly tanned, muscular, with blonde hair and a mustache and the most intensely dark blue eyes I had ever seen.

'N-n-no" I stammered.

'I'm glad. I was watching you from across the room and I had to come over and tell you that you are the most beautiful woman in here tonight."

As he leaned toward me, he stuck out his hand, "My name's Steve. What's yours?

"Deidre...Dee for short"

"Can I buy you another drink Dee?"

"Not right now. I still have quite a bit left of this one." I answered.

"Then how about a dance?"

Just as I started to answer him, I noticed the music changed to a slow love song. I started to tell him no....

"Just one dance, I promise not to bite," he said with a devilish grin and twinkle in his eye.

Completely charmed, I stood up and met him on the dance floor. When he put his arms around me I felt the electricity between us. Not saying a thing, he watched me as we danced. Pulling me closer he leaned down and whispered in my ear,

"You are so sexy."

As we danced I felt my body reacting to his. The bulge now apparent in his jeans, pushed against my belly sending little jolts to my pussy making my thighs wet with my juices.

We sat back down after the dance, talking a bit about each other when Liz sat down winded at the table.

"Dee, could you find a ride home if I take off. I think I have a live one tonight. He needs a ride and I think more than a ride home"....she laughed.

"Liz", I started to say...."but how am I going to get home?"

Steve piped in, "Don't worry I can give you a ride...if you trust me."

After a few more dances, Steve leaned over and said..."How about we get out of here? 

I nodded and followed him outside. Walking over to a black BMW, he opened the passenger front door. Pulling me to him, his mouth closed over mine. Melting into the kiss, I moaned as his tongue slipped in. Pulling me close to him I felt his cock straining against his jeans. I was breathing hard when the kiss ended and he leaned over and with the tip of his tongue licked between my breasts.

"Steve, not here....please"...I groaned.

"Dee, I have to have you. Do you have any idea what you are doing to me? You are making me crazy."

I knew I was crazy, but my body hummed and I could feel the wetness between my thighs. It had been months since I had been fucked and my need was so strong.

"My place..." were the only two words out of my mouth. The sexual tension was thick in the car as I gave him directions. Pulling into my driveway, I reached into my purse for my house keys. Opening the door of me, Steve pulled me into his arms again, kissing me deeply. Urgently our tongues touched until I was out of breathe again.

Pushing him away, I walked to the front door. Fumbling with keys, I felt Steve walk up behind me. He circled his arms around me pulling me against his hardness. Rubbing his cock against me through his clothes he was making me groan and quiver. I love to have my ass played with. His cock rubbed against my ass as my pussy boiled, my sweet nectar starting to drip down my thighs. I moaned as he rubbed and pushed my ass back into him, Steve nibbled and kissed my neck.

"Oh God Steve, you're making me nuts..."

Finally managing to get the door unlocked, we both practically fell into the room. Steve pulled me around to him, finding my mouth with his, kissing me as his hands grabbed both ass cheeks and pulled me firmly against his throbbing cock. He backed me up until my legs hit the edge of the sofa and then he pushed me down onto the sofa.

Unzipping my dress he sought out my nipples thru the lacy bra I wore. Sucking thru the material, my nipples hardening under his mouth. Arching myself toward him, groaning, wanting him to take as much of my breast into his mouth as he could. I whimpered as I felt him pull away, unzipping my dress until I laid before him in only my panties, stockings, and bra.

He leaned down rubbing his nose against the cleft of my sex taking in my scent, running his tongue over the wetness of my panties. I groaned as he slipped my panties off feeling the cool air hit my hot wet pussy. Leaning between my legs he kissed my inner thighs at the top of my stockings, tickling and teasing me with his mustached. I pleaded with him to make me cum. Looking up I saw that devilish grin again and twinkle as he lowered his mouth to my pussy. His tongue sent jolts thru my pussy as he licked and tickled my clit...running his tongue down to push deep into my pussy then back to circle around my clit. I was oblivious to everything except the orgasm that was building in me. Teasing, sucking and licking he worked his magical tongue. Just as I could take no more, he pushed 2 fingers into my pussy, sucking hard on my clit. I screamed out pushing against his hand and face, flooding him with my juices. Holding his mouth against me continued as I came over and over again. Finally, whimpering he had to stop, he slide up to kiss me. I could taste my nectar on his lips and mustache.

Tremors continued to run thru me as my orgasm subsided. I could still feel his hard cock pushing against me and could only think about how good it would feel to have that cock in my mouth. Pushing Steve away from me, I stood up from the sofa, looked at him grinning, and removed my bra, dropping it as I walked back to the bedroom with stockings only on.

Hearing Steve behind me, I turned as he entered the bedroom. Maneuvering him around to the bed, I stood in front of him as I undid his belt, unzipped his jeans, pulling them down as his cock flopped in front of my face. Amazed at the beautiful thick 8" cut cock in front of me I shoved him onto the bed. Leaning over, I grasped the shaft of his cock in one hand, the other cupping his heavy balls as I leaned over the large mushroom head. I heard him groan as I blew warm breathes on his cock...grinning up at him...knowing I was teasing him as he had teased me. Leaning closer, I slipped my tongue out tasting the drop of pre-cum on his cock. Moaning as I slide the head of his cock between my lips.

'Oh yes, suck my cock', he groaned.

Sliding him in a ways and then completely out, I repeated this. His cock was so hard and smooth between my lips. Sucking him into my mouth I took more and more wanting all of him. Sliding his hand up in rhythm with my mouth, I felt his balls tightening. I increased my friction wanting to feel him and taste him. He yelled as his cock jerked, filling my mouth with his warm cum. Drinking him in...milking him. With a twitch his cock lay in my mouth, drained and soft.

Sliding up his body, I kissed him, letting him taste his cum on my lips and tongue. Cuddled up on his chest, words were not needed.

After a few minutes his hand wandered down to my nipples, pulling and lightly pinching them, making my pussy twitch alive again. Groaning as he leaned down and took a nipple in his mouth, sucking gently, then with more urgently as I encouraged him. I reached down to feel his cock starting to harden again.

Whispering to him, "I need you to fuck me. I need to feel that cock inside me."

Turning me over and pulling me up on my knees I trembled as I felt his lips and mustache tickling and kissing my ass. Pulling apart my cheeks his tongue slipped in tickling and probing my ass, then sliding down to my pussy. I moaned and whimpered as he teased, licked and sucked on me.

"Please, fuck me," I cried.

Kneeling behind me, he rubbed his cock along my slit, teasing me further. Poised at my pussy, he leaned forward popping the large mushroom head past my lips. making me push back against him to take all of him.

Sliding in and out, pushing more of his cock into me with each stroke. I whimpered as I reach behind me to pull him in deeper. With a push he buried his cock in my pussy.

"Yessssssssss, Steve, fuck me hard!" 

My pussy muscles clenched at him as he started ramming his cock in me. Harder and harder, his balls hitting against my clit. The noise of our fucking, him slamming against my ass, was the only the noise in the bedroom. He pumped me deeper and harder until I felt my orgasm. My pussy clenched his cock wanting more of him deeper inside me. Sensing his orgasm near, he picked up his speed fucking me, driving his cock in me until finally he pushed in deep holding me against him. My orgasm hit me as I felt his cock twitch and his warm cum splatter the walls of my pussy. Wave after wave my orgasm hit me. Finally his cock twitched again, softening and slipping out of me as we both collapsed on the bed. 

As we closed our eyes in exhaustion and sleep took us, I grinned as I thought...mmmm glad I went out tonight.