 She wanted a night out with the girls. Her job had her working over-time and it was long over-due. At the last minute both her girls cancelled. 

She decided to venture out on her own, and ended up at a dim-lit bar on the far side of town. 

Dagwood could scarcely be made out on the old, dingy sign. She found herself liking the feeling of knowing no one and no one knowing her. 

A stranger among strangers. Perhaps she would find a stranger to take home, or to go home with. None of the potential dangers were stopping her tonight.

She was watching from the bar as a few guys shot some pool. The hottest one kept meeting her gaze with a knowing smile. Her size C breasts ached to be touched, as they spilled cleavage from the tight black shirt she wore. 

The space between thighs flooded with desire. It had been so long since her last encounter. Her arousal gave her the courage to walk over and introduce herself. 

His name was Shawn and his eyes were blue. Short black hair, nice toned body, muscular arms that led to strong, manly hands. Hands she desperately wanted on her body. She asked if she could play the winner and hoped like hell he won.

He did win and she decided to raise the stakes...

"Loser buys winner a drink." 

He smiled, agreed, and took his shot. He was such a good player he could stare into her eyes while shooting balls into pockets. 

She would have been putty in his palms if there wasn't a bar full of people. He won the game. She made good on the bet.

The two of them sat at a corner table in the darkest part of the bar. She told him her name was Eve, and he asked if there was an Adam. Clearly there was not and she told him so. 

They chatted awhile before he asked her for another game of pool with higher stakes. She loved his humor, but neither of them was into small talk. She gladly obliged. 

They headed over to the table and he said, "Loser gives winner the night of their dreams". She almost got off then and there as she stood before him in her mini skirt and heels.

Her mind raced as she thought of ways to win the game. Surely she deserved the night of her dreams after pulling twelve hour shifts at the hospital for weeks? 

As they played she made sure to bend over in front of him and wiggle her tight ass for him to see. She used every flirtatious power she had. Finally she had to feel him touch her. 

"I could use some pointers", she said. 

He walked up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist to take the cue. His warm breath bathed her neck as he whispered pointers in her ear. 

She lost all train of thought and couldn't breathe for a moment. She could feel his bulge pressing against her. She had no idea what he said. 

She turned to thank him but her voice could not be found. Their eyes met and for a moment they forgot where they were. He kissed her then and there. 

His cock throbbing to take her on the table. He felt it twitch as her tongue slowly twirled 'round his. Someone shouted for them to get a room. 

He laughed and asked her if she'd like to play pool somewhere more private. She thought he'd never ask. 

Her lips swollen with desire to be wrapped around his cock, her pussy dripping wet and wanting to be filled. She shot in the final ball; winning the game.

He took her by the hand and led her out the door.

They drove a few blocks with anticipation building by the second. Small talk wasn't an option. She reached over as he drove and fondled his cock through his jeans. He was hard and ready. 

When they reached his place he said, "Come on in. I'll fix us a drink." 

She was slightly afraid of this stranger, but the unknown added an air of excitement. She followed him through the front door of a small blue house he lived in alone. The basement fully decked out in true man cave fashion. 

She eyed the pool table in the middle of the room. 

She was taken back to Dagwoods for a moment, his warm breath, his bulge, his slight humor. God she wanted this man. She wanted him deep and hard inside her.

He wandered over to her with a drink. Since she won the game he had to make good on the bet. She asked him to start by giving her more pointers at pool. 

So there he stood, once again behind her, arms wrapped around to grab the cue...

but this time no one said a thing. 

He kissed her neck. Slow, sensual pecks that made her passion rise. She gasped as he nibbled her ear. 

He gently forced her back down and made her face the table, as he rubbed his strong hands over the curve of her ass. She turned to face him. As she looked him in the eye she began to un-dress. 

Her shirt fell to the floor, bra beside it, and the skirt revealed a panty-less wet pussy underneath. 

He felt his cock twitch again. She was fucking beautiful. Her firm, toned body his for the taking. 

She dropped to her knees. Un-did his jeans and loosed a thick and throbbing cock. She twirled her tongue 'round the head of his dick, ran it down his shaft, and across his balls. 

He grabbed her hair and rubbed his cock across her lips. She heard him moan from somewhere deep inside. She took his cock into her warm, wanting mouth. Each thrust tapping the back of her throat as he moaned and begged for more. 

She used her tongue to lick the under-side of his balls and tease his hot ass as she stroked his bulging cock. 

Never had he had a rim job quite like the one she gave him. Her tongue slowly working his ass and slipping inside it. 

Eventually he pulled her up and kissed her swollen lips before turning her and bending her over the pool table. 

His warm fingers fondling her wet pussy with his right hand, his left cupping her breasts. She let loose an explosive orgasm at the tips of his fingers. 

His huge cock teased her pussy. The head dipping in and out a few times before he thrusted it deep inside of her. Enticing her to scream out his name. He grabbed her hips and pulled her deeper onto his cock. 

Thrust after thrust he felt the orgasm building. His nut sac slapping her pussy as he went in each time. Her hot fucking ass wagging at him as she moved on his dick. 

He pulled out and turned her around. They gazed with intensity into one another's eyes. 

He placed her on the pool table, spread her legs, and tongue-fucked her pussy until he heard her scream out another orgasm in his name. Her juices tasted so god damn sweet. 

His dick had never been so hard, so eager to thrust inside a woman.

He sat on the table and she mounted his dick. She forced him to lay back and rocked back and forth on his cock. She reached behind her to tug and play with his balls while she rode him faster, harder, deeper....

He grabbed her hips and forced her wet pussy harder against him. His cock so swollen, her pussy so damn tight. 

She stared hard into his eyes as she rode him. Out of nowhere she said, "Tell me I'm a dirty little whore". 

His cock twitched and he told her, "You're a dirty little whore." 

"Whose dirty little whore am I?" She asked. 

He answered, "My dirty fucking whore"... 

as he exploded his load deep inside a pussy he'd never known or will again.