 It was my friend's 30th birthday and we have arranged to go for a night out into town. To make it a special night we decided to go in fancy dress. When I told my master about it he thought that would be an ideal time to give me a task for that night. 

"Tonight you will go as my little slut," He said. 

"But what will my friends think master?" I asked as I looked at him.

"Slut who do you belong too" My master boomed back at me. 

"You master" I squeaked out as I dropped to my knees at his feet. 

"Then it does not matter what others think then does it?" He replied. 

That evening I went upstairs to get ready for my night on the town and noticed that my master had laid out clothes out for me on the bed. A short black skirt, low cut black satin blouse, black stockings and suspenders. I noticed that there was a lack bra and panties on the bed but said nothing. On the floor I noticed 5" black spiked high-heeled boots. 

When I had dressed my master came in to look at me. 

"You look lovely my little slut, I have something else for you to wear that will set your outfit off" He said putting a black collar around my neck with my master's initials on it.

Then his hands unbuttoned the top two buttons on my blouse. Taking my nipples between his big fingers he caressed and tugged at them till they were big and erect. 

"Now don't disappoint me tonight, I want you to flirt and let any man use you in any way they wish to, remember you are my slut and will do as I command you, now go and have fun." He said with a smile on his face. 

He watched me leave the bedroom with my ass swaying from side to side as I walked down the hall to the front door where my friend Julie was waiting for me.

"WOW you are a dark horse" she said with her eyes almost popping out of her head.

When we finally got to the club I could feel as if all eyes were on me. My other friends just stood there admiring me for daring to wear something so sluttish. I could feel myself blushing, but held my head up high and just smiled as I ordered a drink. No sooner had I taken a sip from my glass than a man came over and dragged me onto the dance floor.

"You're a little tease aren't you" he said as his eyes tried to strip me. 

He pulled me close as the music slowed and I could feel his hands wandering all over my body. Then I felt his hands slid inside my blouse and up my back as if he were trying to find out if I had a bra on or not. I could feel myself getting excited as I felt the warmth of his body against mine as his hands ran over my skin making it tingle. No sooner had the music stopped than he pulled me over to a table where his friend was sitting. 

"Hey Gary I've found us a slut she's got no bra on, have a feel" he said as Gary pulled me down next to him in the corner and started to unbutton the rest of my blouse. 

"No please don't do that," I said protesting.

They just laughed at me and I felt their hands all over my breasts as they each took a tit and started to suck them.

"Mmmm very tasty" Said Gary. 

"Looks like we are getting this little slut excited," Said his friend John.

"Please may I have a drink?" I asked. Remembering my Master had not given me any money to buy any drinks with. 

"Of course you can slut but first you have to earn it" Said Gary. 

"Get on your knees and get under the table and suck my hard throbbing cock," He said laughing at me. 

As I remembered what my master said before I left the house I dropped to my knees and slid under the table. I unzipped his trousers and took out his hard cock and began to lick the end of it. It tasted a little salty but being the little slut I am I took his cock into my mouth and began to suck on it. I slid my tongue up and down his hard shaft as I jerked him off and tried not to gag on his nine inch hard-on as it was one of the biggest cocks I have ever seen let alone touched.

He thrust it deep down my throat and began to fuck face me as he held my head hard against his pubic bone. By now my pussy was dripping all over the floor under me as I enjoyed devouring this big tasty dick. 

"Swallow it bitch," he barked at me as he suddenly began shooting his load down my throat. 

I pulled my head back and he unloaded the rest of his cum on my face, hair and all over my blouse, I looked a right mess. 

"Now you look like a real slut now" He said as they both laughed at me.

I got up when he had finished cumming on me and tried to rush off to clean myself up but he caught my arm and stopped me.

"Oh no not yet slut you haven't finished yet" He grinned. 

"My turn next" said his friend Ian who slipped his hand up my skirt. 

"Hey she's not even wearing any panties" He beamed.

"You really do want it bad don't you" Said Gary. 

Ian then slipped one of his fingers inside my pussy from behind.

"Please, please don't" I said to no avail. 

Ian started pumping his finger in and out of my sopping cunt. 

"Turn around slut" Gary said in rather a loud voice.

Then he slid his finger up my ass as Ian pushed his fingers back into my pussy. Both of them were now fingering me at the same time. I could feel myself getting so wet, and excited. I looked around the club to see if we were being watched but no one seemed to be taking any notice. I really wanted to cum but knew without my master's permission it would be so wrong of me.

"Please stop, this is so wrong" I cried out.

At the same time I wanted them to take me right there. Then all of a sudden I heard this booming voice that I new I recognised.

"What an earth do you think you are doing slut"? 

It was my master, my heart sunk. I had been caught with two men fingering my pussy and ass.

"I'm sorry master please forgive me" I begged as I tried to straighten myself up and adjust my clothes.

"What did I say to you as you left my home earlier this evening?" He asked me.

"I told you to allow any man the use of your body, you are a slut and will behave like one, not tell them to stop do you hear me" he boomed at me. 

Gary and Ian started to laugh and my master was smiling at them. At that moment I realised that my master had set this all up, had set me up. He had been watching me all night and was waiting for the right moment to show him self and catch me in the act. 


"Now you will entertain my friends like a slut should do, now bend over the table" he commanded me.

I looked around hoping no one was watching as I bent over the table as I was told to do as my master who slapped me on my ass for being disobedient. 

"Now slut don't keep me waiting," He shouted.

He pulled up my skirt and slipped his hand inside. I felt him slide his fingers into my wet pussy. Then Ian slid his hard cock into my mouth moving my head back and forth as he fucked my mouth hard. I could taste his pre-cum and wanted more of his tasty cum. I so wanted to cum, but couldn't ask permission as Ian's large cock filled my mouth. He ejaculated a few minutes later filling my mouth to overflowing. Master said 

"Don't you dare drop any slut" My master said as I swallowed hard making sure I licked up every last drop as Ian's deflating cock slipped out of my mouth. 

"Please master may I cum?" I asked.

"No not yet" My master replied.

Then Gary held open my blouse and slid his cock between my tits. 

"I've always wanted to titty fuck someone," he said. 

I could feel him caressing my tits as he was sliding his cock up and down between them. While this was going on my Master was still fingering my wet pussy, one finger then two fingers then eventually he slid three fingers deep inside my sopping cunt. Oh it felt so good. 

"Please master please let me cum" I begged.

"Well for pleasing my friends I think I will reward you" My master replied.

"I want you to cum right now for your master". He said as he fingered my cunt faster and harder.

I let out a cry as my orgasm took over me and I came all over his fingers. I lay there shaking on the table as my orgasm ripped through me as I had the biggest orgasm of my life.

"Thank you master, Thank you for allowing me to cum" I said as I gained my composure and turned around and smiled at my master.

Needles to say I never did get to enjoy my friend's birthday party and had some explaining to do the next day. 

Now I can't wait till my next night out on the town without my master!