 She got to the ticket office with just enough time to spare to purchase her ticket and slap her ass down in the seat James had saved for her.  Moments later, the doors closed and the bus pulled out of the station.

"Hey, Baby," she was breathless, as she settled in beside him.

"Hey, yourself," James was none too pleased. "I was about to get off- what happened to you?"

Simone turned her large brown eyes up at him. "Oh Jamie, I'm so badly needing to get off..." Her smooth voice trailed away. 

James chuckled. Simone was a sweet girl with an unbelievable sense of adventure. 

"I've a mind to give you a sound tongue lashing for making me wait..." 

"Mmm... I hope so!" Simone stuck out her wet tongue and slowly circled her lips. 

James thought it would be better if her tongue were circling his cock instead.

"Hey, do you like my new dress?" She smoothed her brightly coloured floral dress over her knees. It was a one with broad shoulder straps and a girly sweetheart neckline. "I thought you might like it."

"Oh yeah, easy access, you know that's my thing," James had that familiar twinkle in his eye. He reached out to slip his hand under her skirt. He was dying to find out if any panties were under there. 

"Down, boy! It's not even dark outside yet!" She playfully swatted his hand away. Her chuckle was sweet, just like her face. 

Simone's big, brown eyes were framed with heavy, dark lashes, her skin a caramel brown. James could not take his eyes off her. Not since the day they had met six months ago. He drank her in from top to bottom. She wasn't one to wear a lot of make up- she really didn't need it-and she always smelled so good.

Her features were as delicate as a china doll's. Her full cleavage peeked over the top of her dress. James' eyes followed her soft legs until they disappeared under the floral print to meet in what he knew to be a glorious triangle at their top that he just could not seem to get enough of. 

Night could not descend fast enough for him.

"What's wrong? You've gone quiet all of a sudden." Simone failed to read his thoughts this time. 

"Just thinking about how much I want to get between those pretty legs of yours," He put his arm around her shoulders. She felt so tiny against his frame. 

"Oh, James!" 

Simone felt the same way about him. She thought he was so handsome, with his thick, dark hair and piercing hazel eyes. She loved the way he made her feel- so special, as though she were the most beautiful girl in the world. She loved his chiseled features and strong, athletic build. But most of all, she adored his fat cock. 

"How long is this bus ride anyway, honey?" Simone played with James fingers, lacing them with hers.

"About two, three hours. There are a couple of stops along the way, so I reckon some folks should be getting off. Lets hope she's one of them..." James discreetly thumbed at an older lady sitting across the aisle from them reading a newspaper.

"Yeah...I reckon that'd be too much of a chance to take!" Simone laughed in hushed tones.

"For sure, Baby. But we're getting better at it." James kissed her forehead. "Don't worry, it's getting dark now." He put his arm around her.

Time passed quickly and soon the bus had pulled into its first stop. A few passengers gathered their belongings and disembarked. Only two new passengers got on. Luckily, they sat closer to the front of the bus and way clear of them. 

James pulled Simone closer to him and put both arms around her so that their backs were to the aisle. Simone leaned into him, burying herself in his manly scent. He slipped his hand between her thighs.

"Wait, not yet!" Simone whispered insistently. "It's still not dark enough outside."

James breathed into her ear, "Pass me your jacket- let me see if that pussy agrees with you..." 

Simone giggled and instead slung it across her parted knees. She felt his fingers inch under her dress and snake their way up her inner thigh. She looked around to see if they had been discovered as yet.

"Relax, baby, no one can see." James kept working his fingers, stroking her thighs until he felt the tension flood away. Her knees soon felt slack. He snuck a kiss onto her neck.

"Mmm..I like that," Simone whispered. "Kiss me again..."

"What? Like this?" James planted another quick one before adjusting the jacket and switching hands. He wanted to make sure they were both comfortable and discrete.

"Uh huh..." Simone was loving it. 

With one hand under the jacket, he kept the other around her, just under her breasts. He thumbed the gentle swell discretely. He couldn't help himself. Her breasts were the type you just wanted to push together and fuck. He felt himself getting hard. Simone pressed his fingers into her nipple. He obliged briefly, then took to thumbing her breast again.

"Please Jamie, stroke my pussy," Simone's voice was like honey. Irresistible.

He glanced around. 

The folks in the other seats seemed preoccupied enough for him to take a chance. Plenty of reading, sleeping and window gazing going on. The couple in front of them was in deep conversation. He wasn't sure, though. It could be his cock talking. The last time they did this, they had a desperately close call. So engrossed, they unknowingly reached the last stop and had to disembark unexpectedly. He got off the bus with a stiff cock straining his fly and just a flimsy shopping bag to protect his modesty from the outside world. His girl, well, she left with a very wet pussy and her panties balled up in her hand. 

James decided to make a go of it. 

His fingertips brushed Simone's pussy. She was wet already.

"No panties, I like that," he breathed into her ear. "Thinking ahead..."

" Mmm, lick my neck, Jamie..."

James glanced over at newspaper lady. She was engrossed. 

James slid his tongue over Simone's neck from collarbone to ear. His fingers found her clit. He stroked it ever so gently, strumming her until she flooded his fingers with juice.

"Uh...oh Jamie...you're so good...." Simone pressed her pussy into James' hand.

Her clit was so swollen and slippery. He tickled it with the tip of his finger until her breath came hot and fast. 

"Uhhh...." The struggle was written all over Simone's face.

"Shhh...." His lips were against her ear. "Try not to cry out..."

Sensing that she wanted more, he slipped a finger into her. She felt so wet and warm. His other hand zeroed in on her nipple, rubbing until it stood up and poked at the fabric of her dress. She had nice pencil eraser nipples that he loved to close his lips around. 

He casually glanced around the bus. 

Newspaper lady was folding up her paper and putting it away. James was hoping she was looking to maybe catch a nap or something now, like most of the other passengers were doing, for fuck's sake.

No. Newspaper lady was going to be a problem. 

Their eyes met. He was knuckle deep in Simone's pussy under the jacket working her sweet spot. He didn't want to break her stride. 

James briefly nodded acknowledgement. She nodded back and she took to fishing in her travel bag. 

"Settle the fuck down and go to sleep already, lady." James hissed under his breath. 

Simone was gently moving her hips on his finger now. He knew she would cum soon. Her lips were pressed tightly together, trying to keep it all in. She felt so tight, so warm. His cock ached for her. He wanted to sit her on top of him, so he could suck those nipples as she milked the cum right out of him, nice and slow.

"I want to sink my cock so deep into you, Simone," James rasped into Simone's ear.

Simone's breathing was heavy. Not a peep otherwise.

The woman across the aisle finally closed her travel bag and her eyes.

"Imagine that it's my tongue in your slit, going in and out of you," James slowed his pace, finally feeling a little freer to work.

"I want to tongue you off so badly," He plunged his finger into her as far as he could and slowly pulled it out. 

Simone grunted softly. With a quick look around, James released her nipple and placed his hand over her mouth. 

He was going to make her cum now. With slow, steady strokes.

"Feel my tongue, Baby, over your clit, spreading your lips wide open..."

"...into your hole, so deep, so slow, ..."

James worked her clit with feather light strokes until she began to quiver.

He pressed his fingers tightly onto her mouth to stifle her cries and with a few more soft strokes, gently pushed her over the edge. 

Simone bucked about in an agonizing silence.

When at last she was still, James took his juicy fingers away and wiped them on his jeans.

"You ok, Simone? Felt like an earthquake in there!" 

"Uh huh...Did anyone see?" She was breathless.

James looked over at the woman across the aisle. She was fast asleep. "Nope."

"Jamie, you're so fucking hot!" Simone hardly ever swore. "Can I feel your cock, honey?" 

Before James could answer, she had switched seats with him so that he was beside the window. She curled her legs up onto the seat and adjusted herself to make it look as though she was napping on his lap. 

He could only oblige.

Simone wasted no time. James took another quick glance across the aisle. 

All clear. 

When he looked down, Simone was licking his shaft like an ice cream cone.

She had a curious habit of tonguing the letters of her name onto his balls. Tonight, James swore she was going for the whole alphabet and then a slow count to one hundred on cock, balls and belly.

Her little tongue was deft, searching every nook and cranny. He could barely keep keen to any unexpected interruptions. She was that good. He knew he couldn't count on Simone to look out. When she was fucking, that was all she could do; she was so into it, bless her heart.

"Oh yeah, Baby, just like that..." 

The couple in the seats in front of them looked around at him through the darkness.

A streak of panic gripped James' chest. He coughed and shifted in his seat, meeting their gaze. 

They turned back around. 

James grinned and gently lifted Simone's head onto the tip of his cock. She grinned back.

He was gagging for it.

He stole another quick glance at the woman across the aisle. 

May she sleep all the way to the terminus.

Simone's pace was way too slow for James. He was too far gone for that. Not wanting to speak, he moved her head gently, indicating that he needed her to step it up a little. She wasn't having any of it. He realized he was getting payback. He knew he would cum something fierce like this. Shoot his cum so hard, his balls would ache all the way home. 

He settled back into the seat, trying desperately to control his heavy breathing as Simone sucked him off. He didn't want to have to deal with the couple seated in front again. 

Simone pumped his shaft slowly, as she flicked away at the head with the tip of her tongue. Just when he thought he couldn't bear it anymore, she took him into her mouth again and pressed her lips to the root of his cock.

"Ahhhh..." James arched up into Simone's mouth, his cock bumping the back of her throat. He gripped her head. The feeling of her lips and warm tongue slowly sliding up and over the head of his cock and down again was pushing him closer to his climax.

The dimly lit bus grew brighter and brighter. 

They were pulling into the terminus for the final stop.

Simone quickly straightened up in the seat, arranging the jacket over James' erection. 

"Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck!" James hissed. "I was about to cum!"

"Don't worry, Baby, you know I'm gonna get you off, right?" Simone's hand had slipped back under jacket discreetly.

Passengers looking to disembark were gathering their belongings. The woman across the aisle was thankfully among them. Simone held onto James' cock, sneaking in a stroke or two when she felt it was safe. 

"You think they'll go, too, Jamie?" Simone nodded at the couple in front.

"I fucking hope so..." James' cock was frustratingly hard.

"Oh, look Jamie - the backseat is free! Let's go."

She didn't have to ask him twice. They made their way down to the deserted back of the bus, just as they were pulling out of the station. 

Soon darkness enveloped them once more.

James had his cock out and in Simone in a snap.  She was sitting on his lap and he had one of those thick nipples on the tip of his tongue. He held onto her waist and made smooth, deep thrusts inside her warm tightness, bumping up against her cervix with each pass. 

"Watch out for my kidneys, honey!" Simone whimpered into his neck, holding on tight, her hair damp against his face. 

"Mmm...sorry...you feel... so ...tight..." James could hardly get the words out.

"Like this?" Simone flexed her pussy a few times around James' cock in such a way that he knew he wouldn't last much longer.

"Uhh...yeah...you feel it coming?" James wanted to satisfy her first.

"Ohh..uh huh..." Simone softly moaned back.

James took a look around again. No one was looking their way.

He thrust his cock into Simone with firm, steady strokes and holding onto her breasts, clamped his lips around a nipple, tonguing it till she squirmed.

"Ooooohhhhhh...Jamie, uhhh...."

"Shh..."

James raised a finger to her lips and slowly thrust into her.

She gripped him tightly and arched her back. Every stroke sent ripples of pleasure throughout her pussy. Simone panted softly, savouring his rhythm until her orgasm crept up and gradually rolled over her. 

"Mmm-" James clamped his hand over her mouth. 

He was right behind her. 

He buried his cock balls deep in Simone and gave in to the feeling. James' face was a tight grimace as his cum spewed out of him in long satisfying squirts. 

They remained locked together as they looked around, struggling to control their heavy breathing. No one was stirring.

Simone quietly got off James' cock and fished in her purse for tissues for them to clean up with.

"I reckon you'll drip for a week, Simone..." James eased the remaining drops of cum from his cock, before tucking himself away.

"That good, huh?" Simone leaned in for a kiss.

"Oh, yeah..."

The bus pulled in at the terminus some fifteen minutes later. They made their way to the front of the bus, passing the couple that was sitting in front of them for the earlier part of their journey.

The guy spoke up. "We're gonna have to try that sometime..."

"I'm sorry?" James was confused.

"You know... in the back of the bus..." He had a little smirk on his face.

"Come on, James, we better go!" Simone looked flustered as she pulled James away.

They tumbled off the bus in hysterics.