 Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! 

"DAMN! It's 1 o'clock already?"

My alarm goes off, and I say to myself, "boy do I love my job!"

Well I didn't use to, matter of fact I actually hated it. But all that changed last Monday…the day I met Q, that's the day she started working the night shift with me…the day I will never forget. 

I drag myself outta bed like I do every Monday, or better yet everyday for that matter. Because I work over nights my appearance isn't that important to me. I don't bother ironing my shirt and I throw on the same pair of jeans I had on yesterday. I take a quick whiff to make sure they will pass and they do.

I went to a party last weekend so my hair is still neat and I am clean-shaven, so I look better than I usually do on Mondays, plus I didn't sleep to bad last night, making my Monday depression more bearable.

I get to work, and I see her. She has her back turned to me and the first thing I see is her ass. Her round cheeks protruding from her summer dress. Her free flowing, thin material allows her ass the freedom it rightfully deserves. The material is soft cotton, I immediately think to myself "she has to be wearing a thong". I adjust my crotch as my muscle begins to swell. 

At first I thought she was the new supervisor, checking up on things since there have been some fuck ups in the last few weeks. I quickly catch an attitude ready to defend myself on whatever she may bring to the table.

I take a sip of my coffee and mumble to myself, "Its too early for this bullshit."

She turns and asks, "What did you say?" Now I have a full view of her. She is beautiful! I stand there for what seems like an eternity, immersed in her. There was an awkward moment and she says "Hi, my name is Quincee, I was named after my father, but all my friends call me Q for short.

You are Ricky right? Yeah, I think I am your new night partner. The big wigs think that there will be less mistakes if there are two of us here."

All the time she is speaking to me fantasies rush through my head, as I look her up and down. From head to toe this women is beautiful. Short black hair, just long enough for me to grab as I think about fucking her from the back. Her breasts a full D-cup, just right for tittie fucking. Flat stomach, long smooth legs, and then I fixate my eyes on her crotch. I dream about how good she must taste, how wet she gets, how big her clit is and whether or not she shaves her pussy.

She snaps me outta my fantasy, and says "Ricky! Ricky...are you ok?"

"Huh...what oh…oh yeah…Quincee! Nice to meet ya...I was…uh…damn I am tired. Umm…Uh lets go to the office." 

I quickly want to hide behind my desk cause my solider is at full salute now, and I didn't want her to see…well not just yet anyway…and a sly smile dances across my face. 

"What are you all smiles about?" she asks while raising an eyebrow. 

"Nothing!" I reply, quickly changing the subject…and I begin to tell her how the nightshift works. 

I give her a few forms to read and fill out. She leans on the desk to write, giving me full view of her big beautiful breasts. Again more fantasies rush through my mind….

I try to remain focused, but all I can think about is sucking on her tits, flicking my tongue back and forth on her hard nipples. My visions get elaborate and I dream of her saying…

"It's okay Rick, I feel what you're feeling too. I see how you are looking at me and I want the same thing you do!" Her words catch me off guard and I was in shock, so shocked I fumbled and dropped the reports. "Rick, is there something wrong?" she says. I didn't know what to say I was in shock by her comment. Was she actually feeling the way I felt? I was hot with passion, my cock was throbbing and I had to do all I could to keep it from ripping right through my Levi's. "Quincee…" She reply's in a sexy seductive voice, while reaching for my hand, "Please call me Q." "I mean, Q…I uh didn't know what you meant by feeling the way I feel, it just…uh" I mumble out the words feeling like a complete idiot. I am a grown man and I'm stuttering over this woman. "Rick, I meant it's okay to feel attracted to one another," she says while moving closer to me.

"What makes you think that I am attracted to you?" I ask. What am I doing challenging her? I know she's sexy as hell and if she would let me…I would fuck her in a heartbeat. "Well, no man's dick gets that big for nothing." she giggles. What!? She knew? How is that? I made sure I did my best to hide it, I guess not well enough though. My heart races faster and I want to take it further…so much further! For a brief second I wonder if we should get to work…but my throbbing cock quickly killed that idea!

She gets up and I hungrily follow her. ...like a lion stalking its prey. I quickly realize that she is leading me to the ladies room. She peeks in and says "hello? Anyone in here?" No one replies, I'm wondering what in the hell is she doing! But my throbbing dick reminds me that there are the only about 20 night employees, and as of now there are only a few in this wing of the building. While she walks, she swings her hips from side to side, emphasizing her juicy ass. I can easily see myself eating her pussy from behind…and I imagine if she has ever let someone tongue fuck her ass! With that thought I can't help but touch my dick…she turns around and catches my hand stroking my erection through my jeans. 

This girl is so tempting, and again my big head tries to make sense of the situation. I struggle with the idea of is this pussy worth me losing my job? I plead to her "Q, we should get to work, there are people in the office." "Rick, it's the late shift, shut up and come here!" she reply's as she grabs my shirt and pulls me into the ladies room. 

She drags me into one of the stalls and rubs my dick and says "Wow…I see your solider is at full attention, but is he ready to do battle?" She unzips my pants and grabs my stiff cock. I can't help but think about her wet lips on my dick, grabbing my balls as she sucks and teases my cock with her hot wet tongue. She pulls my pants down around my ankles and sits down on the toilet. She looks up at me with a devilish smile, licks her lips and makes a home for my dick in her mouth. At first she slowly runs her tongue up and down on my cock, licking my shaft from base to tip. "Mmmmmm…" I moan in ecstasy, as she takes my cock deep in her mouth. I reach for her head, and run my fingers through her short hair. I wrap her curls around my fingers and pull her close to me, desperately wanting her to swallow me whole.

I grab her breasts with my other hand, squeezing them as if I were trying to get milk, passion lost and pure raw unadulterated heat is found. "Stand-up!" I tell her, my voice filled with lustful desire. I reach down and lift her skirt…tearing at her panties, searching for the key to her soul. "Turn around" I say… my breath short, panting and panting like a dog in heat. I take my throbbing dick in my hand, and bend her over. Pulling her hips back towards me…

"RICK! RICK!" She screams.

I jump awake from my daydream startled! "Um…. Ah…sorry! I was lost there for a second"

"Yeah I noticed, what were you thinking about" she says looking confused.

"Uh...nothing really, just about the night that's all." 

"That's not what the bulge in your pants is tells me" she cleverly replies while sitting back in her chair, uncrossing and re-crossing her legs. My mouth dropped, and my eyes grew wide. I sat there mortified. Shocked and embarrassed! I begin to utter sorry excuses, then she cuts me off…

"Nah don't worry about it, I don't mind. It happens to everyone."

I remained still, not knowing what to say or do. I quickly try to change the subject "Let's take a look at…"

"So you are not going to tell me?" she says. "I saw your eyes roll to the back of your head, it must've been some day dream!"

I am sweating! She passes me a tissue and I use it to wipe my brow, although I could have used it to wipe the pre-cum dripping from my cock.

"Listen Rick, if we are going to be working together, I want you to feel comfortable around me. I want you to be able to tell me things, even if it may be embarrassing at times. Tell ya what…. If I tell you something personal, will you tell me what you were fantasizing about?"

My mind and heart was racing, and it seems as if she wanted to play a very dangerous game…making matters worse, my little head has taken over total control, and I decided to take the bait, hoping her secret is just as juicy I was praying her pussy was.

"Ok Rick, but if I tell you, do you promise to tell me?"

I nodded my head like a kid telling his parents he will be rewarded for good behavior.

Instead of having ice cream for eating all my vegetables, the cream I was now hoping to receive is a different type all together. 

"Okay here it goes…." She eases back in her chair and beings to tell her story.

"I have always had love for the female body; everything about it turns me on. My nipples swell with desire after one mere thought. But one night, that love turned into lust!" I giggle with delight like a schoolgirl…"let me explain."

"A few months ago I went to a party with my friend Derek. I was mingling with everyone, but the most stimulating conversation I had, I ended up having with a lesbian. Well, I didn't know she was one while I was talking to her. I found out that part later! I giggle. 

While the party was winding down, and after a few drinks, she began to flirt with me. She got real close to me and slyly whispered in my ear. She told me how sexy she thought I was. How nice my breasts looked in my shirt. She then flicked her tongue in my ear. I stood in awe of the way she made me feel, in awe of how wet my panties got all of a sudden. This woman turned me on in a way that was wrong but felt so right. She said, "I was watching you dance all night, I'm Lara, what's your name?" I shyly reply "I'm Quincee." "Nice to meet you Quincee." She said as she reached out and took my hand in hers. She licked her juicy lips and I was sure that they matched her lips below her waist, suffocated by her tight faded blue jeans, the kind that hang off the hips. She winked and then started to walk off. I didn't want her to go…I was too curious to let it end. She seemed to disappear in the lingering crowd. I catch her outside while she was waiting for her cab. I stood in awe looking at her; she had long black hair down to her ass, and a see through lace top, increasing my newfound desire to taste her breasts. I was thinking to myself, "Q your not bi…what the hell are u doing?" I turn around cause I hear Derek calling my name. He wakes me from my fantasy and I turn back around to look for Lara but she was gone.

"Q, I've been looking for you, where you been? You ready baby girl?" "Yeah… uh…but I just have to find someone." "Who?" "D, this woman came onto me…and …and I don't know, but my panties are fucking wet." He laughs a devilish laugh with a grin to match and says "ooh girl, want me to take care of the rest?" "Nah D, I don't want dick tonight, I want that girl!" My body wanted her to hold me, to kiss me. I wanted her to eat my pussy…mmmmm I can just feel her tongue on my clit and in the walls of my pussy. "Q, let's go get a flick and relax, if you want me to suck that pussy, I will." D's high, I can tell cause those once sexy hazel eyes are now a glossy shade of red. I glance down and see that his cock is bulging through his pants. Knowing that he was turned on made me even hotter. "Alright, let's go" I say out of disappointment and frustration. I desperately desired this opportunity and now it was gone. We hop into my car and on the way home we go to the adult store to pick up a movie. Feeling hungry for a woman I stroll into the lesbian section. Lost in the bountiful amount of bare tits and ass, I bump into someone. As I looked up to apologize, standing right before me was Lara! I am stuck. I don't even know what to say to her. I take a deep breath, getting ready to utter a stunned apology, but before I even get the chance to say anything she smiles and says "Hello again…Q is it?" "Yeah." I pleasantly reply. "You left so fast, I…I was wondering…." Before I could even finish she put her finger on my lips and said "Shhhhhh…you alone?" "No, my guy friend is with me." I point him out, he's standing over in the gang bang section, his mouth wide open, looking like he's about to eat the damn box. "Mmmmm; he's hot" She says. "You two follow me." 

Follow her? I think to myself, 'follow her to where?' I walk over to D who's at the register buying the video he was drooling over and tell him "D! That's the girl…tell me she's not hot!?" "She's alright", he says, "I could grab that long hair real tight and..." I cut him off…"Shut up, she wants us to go with her, hurry up and lets go!" "Q, you don't even know this chick" he says, "what can she do that I can't do at your place." "Let's find out." I reply, while rushing out the door.

About 15 minutes have passed as I follow her cab and Derek is in the passenger seat jerking his cock. I am having trouble concentrating on the road, thinking about what's about to happen and now seeing D play with his dick. I love to see a guy masturbate. I wanted to suck that cock so bad; I wanted his big dick in my mouth. Just looking at it and hearing him moan made me so fucking horny. I'm trying to concentrate on the road, watch D play with his cock and follow Lara's cab all at the same time. 

"Q, ahhhh baby sit on it…mmmm…please girl sit on it." "D, I'm driving…" "Stop the car girl." Damn him! He knows that I like to watch, he knows I want to, but I also have an unquenched desire to continue after Lara, trying to stay focused on her taxi among the sea of yellow cabs. It's a red light. I think to myself… 'Now's my chance.' I bend over and swallow his cock. "Aaaaaaaaahhhh Q, oooh yeah baby" he groans. I love sucking cock; it turns me on to know how good I can make a man feel. I suck his dick harder and harder, I know he wants to cum…but I have something else in mind. 

Car horns blow behind me notifying me that it's a green light. He groans in desperation, "Q, damn don't stop girl. Pull this muthafucka over and suck my dick! I was about to cum. Finish me off!" 

I ignore his request and continue to follow Lara. We pull into her driveway and she waves us in. "You have a beautiful house" I utter those words not knowing what else to say. We get inside and she beckons me with her finger, inviting me to approach her. I felt like I had no control over my body, like a robot following its program. I grabbed her ass and started to kiss her softly. Our tongues were playing tag, chasing one other in our mouths. She moans… "come with me." She takes me by the hand and leads me to her bedroom. I take a look back at D and he was watching us, his pants already down around his ankles, playing with his cock. I am sure that this was not only my fantasy, but his too. His dick looks glossy, and I realize that he already came. He is now using his cum as lubrication and getting his dick hard again. I lick my lips, I wanted to taste his cream, but for now I was on another mission. I tell him, "I'll be right back D." "Take your time," he says. He puts on the porno movie that we got from the store, makes himself comfortable on the couch and continues to stroke his big dick. 

Once we get upstairs she begins to undress. She took off her shirt and her titties bounce free. She comes towards me and we start to kiss. She unzips my zipper and slides down my skirt. She takes her soft hands and plays with my pussy. I have never been touched by a woman before, and this is better than what I ever imagined. Shit feels so good she makes me wanna purr. "Wet already?"she says, as a sly smile comes across her face. "I couldn't help it, you just, you... " She cuts me off and says, "can I taste?" Just the thought of her licking my pussy sets me on fire. I take off my thong allowing Lara complete access to my love. Lara starts to bite my nipples through my bra. "Aaahh, be gentle baby" I moan in delight. She unhooks me, and releases my tits from their captive restraints. She dances her wet tongue across my nipples. 

By now we are both naked enjoying one another's bodies. We lie down on her bed, and our wet pussies begin to grind one another. I feel like coming already. I think she sensed my rising heat, and didn't want me to cum just yet. She instead…she turns me over on my stomach and starts to eat my ass. I can't bare it; my moans are so loud they turn to screams of passion. 

Her sexy voice says, "Raise your ass Q." Once I did she sucked my clit from behind, I felt like I was going to explode all over her face at any moment. I wiggled my ass purposely to hold back the feeling. "Lara let's 69." I say. She starts to laugh with acceptance. She stood up and her big breasts were calling for the attention of my tongue. I took one of her hard nipples in my mouth and sucked it like it was my own. The feeling of having another woman's breasts in my mouth was exhilarating…and I wanted to tatse her pussy just as bad if not worse. 

Both of our nipples were hard, we rubbed them together while our tongues met in each other's mouths. She laid down on the bed and I sat my sopping wet pussy on her face. I leaned forward and start to rub her clit; her response lets me know that I am doing something right. I guess my countless times of masturbating were now coming in handy. I rub her clit slowly and take my tongue and lick the inside of her pussy lips. "Mmmm" She tastes good; it's sweet and warm. I lap at her pussy like a hungry kitten laps at her milk. I slide my tongue in and out of her pussy and with each moan I know she wants to cum. She's eating my pussy and I'm eating hers…the intensity increases! I scream out, "Lara I'm going to cum…" "No baby, don't" she moans. She stops sucking my clit and moans with pleasure. I'm continuing to suck her pussy, and wiggling my ass so she doesn't forget about my pussy. My body is full of heat and my breasts start to swell. Then just when I think it can't get any better, it does! I scream out in passion, "AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!" Something big and beautiful just entered my pussy. I turn my head back and its Derek! "Ahhhhh! Oh yeah! Fuck me D, fuck me!" Lara slides out from underneath me and starts to suck on my titties. I think to myself 'It must be my birthday!' D grabs my ass with his hands and starts to pump my pussy back and forth on his hard cock. His balls are slapping against my clit, the fierce pressure of his stiff dick, his balls against my clit, and Lara sucking on my swollen breasts all at once is going to make me explode. "Oooooh I'm gonna cum" D fucks me harder and harder and starts to grind his dick in my pussy… He says to Lara "come put your pussy on my face!" Without hesitation our positions change. He lies on back and she sits on his face, and he says, "now sit on my dick Q." Lara and me face each other while I ride his dick and she rides his face. Our tongues are drawn to each other's lips once more. Never in my wildest dreams would I have thought this would happen. "I'm cumming, ahhhh I'm cumming." I couldn't take it anymore and I exploded on his cock while Lara pulled and sucked on my nipples. Seeing me cum must have turned her on because her eyes were in a daze… she was rubbing her clit faster and faster over D's hot tongue." "Oooooohhh yeah, fuck yeah I'm gonna cum," Lara moaned. I grabbed her face towards mine and started to kiss her… she sucked on my bottom lip like she couldn't let go… "Aaahhh Q…aaahhh" she released my lips and at the same time she released all over D's lips. Derek was still fucking my pussy hard, guiding my hips onto his dick slow and then fast, and then faster and faster. He was going to cum anytime now…I felt his dick get larger inside my pussy and finally felt the warm cream slide up inside my walls. 
