 It was a series of firsts for Jenny.

The petite redhead was off to start her basic training with the Air Force.

It had taken Jenny close to a year to go through the signing-up and acceptance process and finally she was on her way.

Her basic training was to be conducted at #1 Manning Depot located in St. Jean, Quebec, about thirty miles south of Montreal.

The recruiting officer had supplied her with train tickets to get her from her hometown to the Manning Depot.

The trip involved three trains, one to Toronto and an overnight trip from Toronto to Montreal where she would get the local milk run to St. Jean.

Her parents saw her off at the station as she boarded the Toronto-bound train at the local depot. She waved her good-byes from the coach window as the train slowly left the station

Switching trains at Toronto's Union Station went without a hitch. Jenny had ample time to have a coffee before she had to board the Montreal bound overnighter.

The Montreal train had already been made up into Pullman berths when she boarded. She sat in the Club Car until the conductor came around and assigned her a berth.

While waiting in the Club Car she met Paul, another trainee also bound for the Air Force Manning Depot. As they chatted the conductor came by and assigned them neighboring bunks in the same coach, Paul getting the upper and Jenny the lower.

It was shortly after ten o'clock when the train left Toronto to begin its journey to Montreal. The newly acquainted couple sat talking until almost all the passengers had left to bunk down for the next six hours. 

Knowing it would be an early morning wakeup as the train pulled into Montreal they finally decided to find their assigned bunks.

The coach's sway side-to-side as the train sped eastward making walking down the narrow aisles difficult. Jenny felt like a drunken sailor trying to keep on a steady course. Paul was right behind her with his hands on her waist helping stabilize her. She knew she shouldn't have had that drink but as the bar steward hadn't asked Paul for her I.D. and it was her first alcoholic drinks she had thrown caution to the wind.

Arriving at their designated births Paul pulled back the curtain for the top bunk and climbed up in.

With Paul safely in his bunk Jenny pulled open the curtain on the lower bunk and climbed in closing the curtain behind her.

The space was cramped but she found that she could talk to and hear Paul quite clearly just a few feet above her. She hoped he didn't snore in the night.

In the confined space she struggled out of her pullover and bra slipping on her pajama top. Her jeans and panties were a bit more difficult having to raise her ass to slide them off her hips and down her legs. Eventually she had successfully changed into her pajamas.

"Good night." Paul said from above.

"Good night." Jenny answered closing her eyes.

Jenny was uncertain how long she had been sleeping when she awaken noticing the train had stopped. 

She heard the conductor walking down the aisle softly announcing it was just a routine crew changing stop.

The coach fell silent once more and Jenny heard strange noises coming from Paul's bunk above her. He was masturbating!

Jenny had an older brother and she knew all about boys masturbating. She had caught Darrel at it.

"Is that all you do?" she had chastised him when she walked into his bedroom when he was lying on his bed with his clock in his hand.

"Come her and I will let you touch it." He tempted her.

The curiosity was too much and she had walked over to his bed and took it in her hand.

It felt strange, soft and hard at the same time. She could feel it throbbing as the blood pulsed though its veins,

"Stroke it." Her brother asked.

"What?" Jenny asked confused.

"Move your hand." He coached.

Jenny began moving her hand up and down his shaft as she had seen him doing when she walked in.

"Faster!" he urged.

Jenny increased the speed of her strokes and watched the look of pleasure on her brother's face.

Suddenly sticky white stuff began spurting out from where she had seen him pee This was not pee though, it was thick and creamy and run down his cock onto her hand.

"Ewwww!" she cried out quickly removing her hand.

"It's just jism, it won't kill you." Her brother tried to calm her down.

Now here was this boy she had just met jerking off a few feet above her.

"What are you doing up there?" Jenny asked to let him know she could hear his grunts and moans.

"Can I come down there and show you?" Paul answered.

It was a combination of the booze, freedom and excitement that caused Jenny to invite this stranger with the hard cock into her bed.

Paul hastily descended down to Jenny's bunk crawling into to join her.

He was wearing only a pair of briefs with a very obvious bulge where they cove red his erection. 

The space was so confined their bodies were pressed together face to face I the narrow bed. Paul's hand immediately slid under the back of her pajama's elastic waist band cupping her left buttocks. Jenny's right hand slid under the waistband of his underwear gripping is cock.

His tool felt just as her brother's had when she jerked him off, perhaps a bit bigger. Slowly she began milking him as if it were some enormous utter.

They kissed as Jenny stroked him and he caressed her bare ass.

As they became more passionate Jenny felt an undeniable urge to have this hard cock in her.

"Fuck me." She moaned.

They struggled as Jenny wormed out of her pajama bottoms peeling them down to her ankles and then pulling them off her feet. She was now naked from the waist down and steered Paul's mushroom cockhead into the wet slit beneath her ginger bush.

As Paul's erection began to enter her wet tunnel she thrust her hips forward impaling herself onto his sword.

"Oh God yes!" Paul moaned as he gripped her ass and pulled her onto him like an old familiar boot.

His cock fully penetrated her now and she felt his balls kiss her pussy's lips.

Jenny's arms wrapped around her lover's back as she began to gyrate her hips on Paul's spear. 

Jenny's fucking experience was limited and most of her orgasms had been achieved by masturbating. Her brother had taken her virginity and been her only lover until she was seduced by George Thompson, a neighbor who she babysat for.

Darrel had fucked her about half-a-dozen times even though he had a steady girlfriend of his own. When they were alone in the house her brother would come into her bedroom and screw her on her bed.

A couple of times she came with Darrel but fucking Thompson had been an ordeal for her. 

Now she had her third cock in her and was trying for an orgasm.

Jenny could feel it growing deep inside of her around the area of Paul's cock, that fuzzy sensation that blossomed into a fully marvelous rapture that would take her to that special place she crave to be. 

"Fuck me harder!" she pleaded.

Occasionally the speeding train would thunder across a level crossing. Red lights would flash through the coach windows and the brief sounds of the warning bell. Jenny was oblivious to the world around her as she ascended to the peak of her orgasm.

"Oh yes! Give me you cock!" she begged. 

Paul was on fire driving his cock into Jenny's unquenchable cunt. Summonsing all of his ability each stroke took him further into Jenny's womanhood.

"Oh yes, that's it!" she moaned bucking her hips upwards to receive his intruder.

It was if Paul's cock becomes an eighteen thousand volt bolt of lightening striking her clitoris, the orgasm shot though her body making every bit of her tingle.

"Oh my God!" Jenny screamed loud enough for the adjoining passengers to hear her ecstasy. 

It was a more intense climax than any the young girl had experienced during her brief sexual life. The clickty-clack of the train's wheels rushing along the tracks became the metronome of her orgasm. 

Jenny's endorphins were flooding her system causing her pelvic muscles to contract on the cock bringing her such great pleasure.

It mattered not whether she was fucking a genius or a dolt, all that matter was the hard cock about to pump the cum into her which would extinguish the raging inferno consuming her.

The throes of her mega-climax seemed to last forever, causing her body to tremble uncontrollably until mercifully Paul's sperm quenched her spasms. 

Paul kissed her as his cum drained into her receptacle. 

"Montreal, Montreal in thirty-minutes!" the conductor chanted as he walked through the coach.

In berth "12L" Jenny and Paul slept in their deep post-conjugal sleep.