 She strolled into the room turning heads and soliciting lustful looks. She walked in like she owned the place, because she did. The club was jumping which is the way she liked it. The music was loud and the intoxicating. She had worked for years to get DeSade's Playhouse to the nationally known fetish club that it is today. She had forgone lovers, friends and family to get her pet project to this level and now that it had obtained its status she was lonely. She is a tall, busty redhead that can spot a drunk that is losing control and a minor with a fake i.d. a mile away. Not embarrassed by her size she flaunts her large breasts by wearing corsets and short skirts to show her muscular legs. She has a penchant for stockings with seams and men. Her blue eyes can freeze an unwanted advance before it escapes the lips and a notoriously short fuse. She has tried for years to find a man or woman that can satisfy her and since her self-induced celibacy is over, she's on the prowl for someone that can. She watches him; she's wanted him since she hired him.

He saw her enter thinking that he really shouldn't think about the boss bent over her heavy oak desk wearing nothing but those damn stockings that drove him wild. She knew his name but as far as he knew she forgot him the moment she passed by him. She had worked her ass off to make this club the best and since he was the best bouncer in the business she hired him after checking his references, without ever having seen him. He is tall and thick-chest, dark hair with hazel eyes that make women wet. His voice is like good whiskey smooth and deep. He doesn't want someone that he has to struggle with for power, he wants someone to walk beside not in front of or behind, an equal. Many have tried and failed to keep his attention but they fall to the side when he moves about. 

"Looking good tonight, Boss." He says as she struts by. "You're doing a good job keeping the peace. No one wants to come into someplace that they can get hurt in. Business is up thanks to you. We're going to have to look at giving you a raise." She winks and walks away. O yeah she could give him a raise but not the one he's looking for. As she walks by him she intentionally brushes her ass against his hand, maybe he can pick up the hint this time. 

'She just had to rub that ass on me again.' He thinks. 'She keeps this up and she's going to loose her Ice Queen title when I heat her up.'

The night progressed without much between but she caught him watching her more than usual tonight. 'Well thank God he might actually realize that I'm more than the boss soon! God knows I'd nail him in a heart beat. Damn I'm tired of being lonely.' 

The night ended and as she was tallying up she heard a knock on her office door. Cursing the intrusion she bellowed "Enter dammit!"

He sauntered in and propped a hip on the corner of her desk grinning down on her and getting a wonderful view of those big breasts that she seemed to be so proud of. 

"Something I can help you with Liam?" 

"Yeah, you need to stay in your privacy booth if you are going to keep dressing like that. You had a following that you were oblivious to. Not safe Boss." He told her.

"Thanks for the concern but I happen to like the way I dress." She rolled the chair back and stretched her legs out propping her heels up on her desk. "And this is a fetish club I wear fetish dress like all those girls down there."

"Yeah but the difference is I'm not paid to protect the girls down there. I'm paid to protect YOU!" he gets into her face to see if he can make the point.

"You're paid to protect the club not me, jackass. I was a cop; I think I can take care of myself." 

"O yeah, in those heels and that corset, I'm sure you'll be fine. And don't call me jackass. I'm trying to protect that ass that you seem to barely cover. I hope like hell you don't rub your ass on the patrons like you did me!"

She was fighting mad now. She stood toe to toe with him to make HER point. "Bring the noise. Come on but don't expect me to fight fair." 

Her eyes were glowing; almost clear the blue was so pale. Between the sexual frustration and the 10 years as a cop she was fighting him for power and the struggle continued for what seemed like an hour knocking things off her desk and kicking over chairs. When they were both out of breath and she gripped his shirt in her hands and he had 2 handfuls of hair, they stood nose to nose and the smirk that crossed her face sealed the deal. He took her mouth quickly and hard. Someone moaned causing them to jump apart like they had been shot.

"See what happens when you try to protect yourself, hell you can't hold me off!" He screamed at her.

"Did you ever stop to think I did want to hold you off? Are you really that dense that I don't know that you like stockings, corsets and strong women? I was trying to give you a choice but now the choice is gone and you will be mine!"

Shoving him down on the desk by sweeping his feet out from under him she jump up to straddle him and pinned his hands down. She began to run her tongue up his throat and nibble on his ears. His breathing began to speed up and she saw his pupils dilate making her smile. She knew her celibacy was over. 

"Damn me to hell or take me to heaven, but do it now!" She whispered as she ripped his shirt open sending buttons flying. His chest is thick and his nipples pierced making her groan. She loves piercing and tattoos. While she is distracted licking those wonderful nipples he grips her hips and now she is the one pinned to the desk. He runs his hands up her leg finding the garter belt to be the only thing under the skirt. He dips a finger in to her wet pussy pulling a soft moan from her. While his hands are busy he begins an assault on that neck licking, sucking, biting, and kissing her neck bringing her close to the glorious orgasm that she craved. He slipped another finger in her tight wet heat sending her flying; he bit her hard enough to bring blood at the same time and making her scream louder. 

"Jesus Christ Taliah." He sighed. "If you think that I'm going let it end there you are out of your mind. You just had to wear stockings didn't you? Did you know how hard they make me?"

"You stop now I swear to God I will kill you where you stand!" she told him as her hand started unzipping his pants. She grabbed his hard cock and groaned out "This is what I have wanted for the last year."

"O you'll get that and more." 

He reached down to his boot pulling the knife out as he flipped her over to cut the satin ribbon of her corset then flipping her back over so he could finally see the breasts that had taunted him. Her hands were groaning for him and as quick as she could free his hands would capture her again.

"If you are looking for something quick you came to the wrong man. So you are just going to have to lay back and take it." He said.

"O will I? We'll just see about that." She said as she swapped positions with him and pulled out a pair of handcuffs, cuffing him before he could curse her. "So you like stockings do you? Well, well I can definitely use that to my advantage. Luckily I keep a spare pair here in case of emergency." 

She opened the top drawer of the desk and pulled out another stocking and began rubbing it over his chest. She watched his eyes roll up in his head. "I think you are going to be the one to lay there and take it. Let's just see how much you can take shall we." 

She took his pants off finding quickly that he wore no underwear. His cock was hard, thick and impressive; it made her mouth water. She kept a hand on his chest and wrapped her lips around the cock she had been craving. She began suck it as he began to pant. She continued pleasuring him and taking what she wanted until she decided he was close to cumming. 

"Not just yet big boy." and as she looked up realized that he had gotten the key to the cuffs and freed himself. "Well shit. I'm just going to have to try harder next time. I'm apparently a bit rusty." She pouted.

"O no, you're far from rusty. I got free from the cuffs while you took my pants off." He told her. He picked her up and carried her to the chaise and laid her down. "This is a bit softer. Now your turn again."

That seductive mouth traveled down her body making her shiver when he licked her nipples and gasp when he nibbled on her navel, but when he found her heat, she began to feel the orgasm start rolling up from her toes. He has a pierced tongue and when his barbell flicked her clit she felt like she was drowning in pleasure. He continued to eat her with her orgasm never stopping and he greedily licked up her juices. When she began to beg for him to stop he continued for a minute and finally gave her a chance to breathe. 

"I want to feel those stocking clad legs that you seem to be so proud of wrapped around my waist. I want you screaming my name when you cum. You are going to take everything that I am going to give you."

She couldn't have argued because she had no air in her lungs. Her body was quaking and her mind blissfully blank when he entered her. He filled her to bursting and the next crushing orgasm began. He felt the tight, hot velvet glove wrap around him and squeeze. He had to slow down to prevent himself from cumming too soon. The feeling of the stockings around his waist and rubbing his back plus the constricting of her pussy were almost too much for him to bear. Sensing his hesitation she rolled him over so that she was once again straddling him and pinched his nipples.

"O no, you don't! You started this you damn well better finish me." 

She began a fast hard ride as his hands rubbed up and down her stocking clad thighs. Her deep mid shattering orgasm took her over as she screamed out his name and took him with her. When he came into her, it was her named that he screamed. After she rode him till they were empty, she collapsed onto his chest and when she was able to move, she looked up at him and smiled. 

"That was even better than I has fantasized about." They said at the same time. 

She looked around at the destruction and began to laugh. "How the hell are we going to get out of here since you don't have a shirt?"

"You mean neither of us have shirts." He said.

"Nope I keep a spare here." She told him. "You know we are far from done, right?"

"Yep, your place or mine?" He asked as he led her out of her office leaving everything where it was.