 "Mine's closer." She said as she locked the door to her office. 'This man is amazing' she thought, 'but I want to see how much more I can get from him.'

The cleaning crew had yet to arrive and all the regular staff had left for the night so the club was dark and quiet until suddenly soft lights and the first bars of "In Your Eyes" by Peter Gabriel came softly from the speakers. He must have really done his homework since 80's music was one of her guilty pleasures. 

"Sorry I don't have a trench coat and a boom box to complete the scene." He laughed. "No worries. The boom box would get broken with us and trench coats make me think of flashers. It's the thought that counts. Are you going to turn that off so we can get out of here or not?" She queried.

"We'll get out of here in due time but you need to realize that this isn't going to be a one night stand. There is romance out there and in here and it is way past time that you had a little taste of it. I know that you have that hard shell but most candies that have a hard outer layer are filled with a sweet, juicy center. Lucky for you I have a hell of a sweet tooth." He said as he took the stuff that she was carrying out of her hands and drew her into his arms as they began a slow dance around the floor.

During the third song they began to kiss, slow, deep kisses that touch the soul. They danced until the program that he had set up on the computer ran out of music. 

It was then that she looked into those hazel eyes and realized that this wasn't going to be one of those easy relationships and chances were that she was going to get hurt. In the back of her mind she heard that little voice telling her that if she wanted to find the right man she had to get burned by the wrong one more than once so she needs to take a chance. "Fuck it, I'm going to deal the cards and see if I've drawn a fist full of shit or an inside straight." She mumbled to herself.

"What did you say sexy?" 

"Nothing, just talking to myself. So are we going to my place or yours?" she asked.

"Yours, especially since I heard a rumor about your closet." He smirked.

"What did you hear and who ran their flap about my closet? Hmmmmm?"

"I say nothing I know nothing." He said before he acted like he was zipping his mouth closed.

"O, I bet I can make you tell me. I know many means of torture" she started poking him in the tickle spots of his ribs and giggling like a girl. She picked up her stuff after he turned everything off and headed out the door, locking it behind them.

After arriving at her place, he began to look around noticing the multi-culture hodge-podge that should have clashed but somehow melded well for her. A big comfy couch in jewel tones invited him to sink in, so he did. He was mildly concerned when he realized that she had an excellent reproduction of King Tut's sarcophagus encased in glass as a coffee table but the thought evaporated when he looked up and saw her. She was standing there in front of him looking amused. She was wearing a leather corset paired with a mini-skirt that was millimeters from being indecent. Thigh-high black leather boots and a matching flogger made her into the Domme of his deepest desires. 

"Now let's have that little talk about who told you about my closet. Would you like to see it?" she asked. 

Words wouldn't form so he simply nodded his head fervently.

"I asked you a question. Either say, yes Mistress or no Mistress."

"Who said you were going to be my Mistress?" he challenged.

"You knew what you were getting when you started this roller coaster. If you don't like the rules there is the door. But realize that if you walk out that door, you won't walk back in it. We can work together and be friends but never again lovers. The choice is yours. I'll be in the third door on the left if you are willing to stay. The choice is yours but staying means that you will behave." She turned on an ice pick heel and slammed the door behind her.

He took a minute to think if he really was willing to bow before a woman but then remembered that in the office they were both happy giving up a bit of control. 

"She knows I can't resist a dare." He muttered and went to the door and in opening it changed his life.

"I'm sorry but I have never submitted to anyone before." He sighed deeply. "I can't promise to be a slave but I am willing to be a switch."

She rose, walking to him with a smirk on that sexy face, "I don't want a slave. I want someone that will walk beside me. I want someone that will let me have my time as top and I will give you your time as top. Fair enough?"

Saying nothing he simply kissed her. Taking that as enough of an answer she asked "What did you hear about my closet?"

"That you had a special closet for your toys. A walk-in closet that was rivaled by large sex shops."

She took his hand and led him into her special closet and laughed when his jaw dropped. "Kinda like an adult toys are us. What do you think?" 

"Now I know how Dorothy felt when she saw Oz for the first time."

"Now, are you going to drool over this stuff all night or are you going to come play with me?" she whispered in his ear before nibbling on it.

"As you wish." He groaned.

She took him by the hand and led him to the bed, laying him down after undressing him and noting his hard cock. Straddling him, she began to kiss him deeply while she pinched and pulled his nipples making him shudder and moan. His hands began to explore under that tiny excuse for a skirt and finding her naked beneath. 

"Find something you like?" she moaned as his fingers entered her.

"I found the honey pot. I do love that sweet taste. I love watching the blue of your eyes glow when you are ready to cum." He whispered as he rubbed her g-spot and feeling her muscles tighten with the impending orgasm, "Go over for me and pour into my hand."

She had no choice in the matter as her body rocked and spasmed with a deep orgasm. She then pulled his fingers out of her and cuffed his hands above his head with hers. She took his mouth roughly and then began biting her way along that sharp jaw line and down that throat drawing blood occasionally. As she let go of his hands she simultaneously bit his collar bone and impaled herself on his wonderful cock. He grabbed the heels of her boots and prayed that he could hang with her as she rode them both into frenzy. Her intense orgasm took them both over the edge.

He wasn't sure but he thought that he might be dead. He couldn't feel his body or make a sound. 'Not such a high price to pay.' He thought. 'More than worth the jokes that will be made at my wake.

"I can hear you thinking. Care to wait to have deep meaningful thoughts until the rest of us remember how to see?" she slurred.

"I was just thinking that it wasn't a bad price to pay for such a wonderful death." He snickered.

"Honey I hate to break it to you but you're not dead." She said realizing that if she'd open her eyes she hadn't been struck blind.

"Jesus! That was wonderful. I am not 100% sure that I can keep this up all night." He said.

She simply stood on wobbly legs and went into the kitchen in search of food and drink. If they were going to keep this up all night they would need fuel. She grabbed 2 bottles of Pepsi and a bag of chips before stumbling back to the bedroom. She expected to find him either asleep or in the closet; instead she found him lighting candles around the room.

"Do you have something against my lamp?" she snickered.

"Other than the fact that it is made from some kind of horn, no, but it definitely is strange."

"It is a baritone and I used to play that one before I had it retired." She laughed, "Nice conversation piece isn't it?"

"A woman of many talents are you?" he asked around a mouth full of chips.

"Yep. A former band bitch, as in marching and concert band. I had an offer from the Navy to play for them since they found out that I can play 16 different horns I was heavily courted but my photography paid for my initial college disaster. I majored in frat boys with a minor in football players. Left and went to the academy and put my life on the line for 10 years until my own stupidity took me out." She told him.

"I saw the scar on your knee. What happened?" he asked as he traced the scar lightly.

"I was diving in a local lake for fun and got tangled in a rope. What I didn't know was that the rope was an anchor of a boat that had a drunken pilot. Before I could get free the rope had broken my femur and torn part of my leg down to the muscle. I was lucky I had a lot of friends that were medics and docs; they made sure I was well cared for. I don't even think of it anymore. Does it bother you?"

"I think it is kinda sexy really. A battle scar of sorts. Some prissy women are scared to show a scar and feel deformed but you seem to be proud of it."

"Shows that I have lived a real life. Diving, rafting, playing football, being a cop, I've lived and seen more than 10 regular people, I think that I deserve to be proud. I served my fellow man and now I am enjoying my life." She said as she chugged the last of her drink.

He began to unlace the corset, "Care to live a little more?"

"Always."

He pulled the loosened corset over her head, freeing her large breasts. He began to kiss and nibble on them as he worked her skirt off. She had taken the boots off before staggering into the kitchen so now she lay before him gloriously naked as he. His cock began to stir. The fight for control began again rolling them over her lake size bed. Her fight turned into an orgasm when he used that wonderful mouth on her. Her orgasms were like an ocean during a hurricane as wave after wave crashed. He finally couldn't take anymore when he flipped her onto her stomach and took her from behind. He entered her slowly, inch by inch until she had taken all of him.

"Just enjoy." He told her.

He began long slow strokes almost pulling all the way out, then pushing into her as deep as possible. As he fucked her deeply he began to take his thumb and rub circles around her tight asshole. He felt her pussy muscles contract as she began to cum again and at the peak of her orgasm he inserted his thumb into her ass. This glorious feeling made her scream as her orgasm intensified 10 fold. He began stroking his cock in and out of her faster and finger fucking her ass faster as he felt the cum climb out of his balls. As he erupted into her spasming cunt all he could hear was her screaming his name over and over.

As they lay in each others arms they knew they were sunk. They had found the sexual match, now if only they are matched well out of the bed too.

To Be Continued...