 I'm so glad I've been moved to a private room, after having been in the barracks. It's nice to finally be able to masturbate without having to worry about the guy on the next bunk hearing suspicious noises. Now when I lay down to sleep at night, knowing that she will visit me again in my dreams, I can groan with the agony of wanting her without fear of being overheard. I've never been able to predict when she would appear, but I am almost glad of that. Anticipating her next visit is sweet torment, the longing for her makes the nights when she is with me seem that much better, fulfilling me until the next time.

I lay down tonight and closed my eyes, mentally calculating how long it's been since I last saw her, first in waking life, then in my dreams. Three years since we first met. I can still remember the night. It was March 26, 2002. I had gone to my buddy T.J.'s place for drinks. She was there. Emily used to be T.J.'s girl, but he'd just dumped her for this new one, and this was my chance. She sat next to me on the couch, her long, blonde hair brushing against my arm when she turned her head quickly, strands of it clinging to my shirt as she pulled away. She had gorgeous deep green eyes, with a smattering of freckles just beneath them. Her pert little nose turned up a little at the end, reminding one of a bunny rabbit when she smiled. After a few movies and quite a few drinks the conversation in the room turned racier and I chanced to put my hand on her leg. She smiled at me and accepted the caress…

I'm so glad that I've got my own house now, after living with my parents for so long. It's nice to be able to visit him more often, hold the image longer. Put more detail into things. When I'm writing about him, it's so easy, but when I need to imagine him, remember every detail of his face…his beautiful blue eyes with lashes even I envy, his hard, squared-off jaw just below his perfectly sculpted lips that were so soft and tender when he kissed me, but could be just as hard and bruising when he was being forceful… I still think about the night we met, how I was trying to put on a show of being happy for my ex-boyfriend whom I'd just been dumped by, and his new girlfriend…Jesse was my savior. He made me feel welcome and comfortable in a situation no person should subject herself to. Of course, I was dumb. I thought T.J. and I could be friends after we'd been lovers and that I could get along with his new girl as well. We were both mature adults, weren't we? I have to admit, though, when Jesse put his arm around me and started trying to get his hands between my legs, part of me was watching T.J. for a reaction. I can't remember whether there was one, because it only took Jesse about ten seconds to entirely turn my focus 180 degrees…

I've always been kind of a player, and she's…well, I guess you could say the same about her. Before too long, my hand was between her legs up to the crotch and I was stealing kisses from her every time T.J. left the room. I don't know why I was trying to hide it from him, I guess for her sake maybe. Anyhow, she was leaning into me, rubbing her chin on my chest, nuzzling me like a cat. I was getting real hard. I could tell she was ready and wanted me through the fabric of her jeans. They were very tight jeans, and I was anticipating peeling them off of her…

Jesse suddenly removed himself from being wrapped completely around me and excused himself to the bathroom. When he emerged, I was on my way to the kitchen for another drink. He grabbed my hand and ushered me onto the porch. Almost immediately, he pushed me up against the door and kissed me, crushing one of my breasts in his palm. "I've wanted to do that for the longest time," he whispered hoarsely, one hand on my neck, underneath my hair, his thumb was massaging circles just beneath my hairline on the nape of my neck, his fingers gently threaded through the long, silky mass…

Man, I was hard for her. I gripped her hair tightly and pulled her head back, baring her throat to my mouth. I might have actually bit her at that point, I don't remember. Her fingernails were digging into my shoulders, so if I was inducing pain, it's not like she wasn't. Suddenly, she hauled herself up and wrapped her legs around my waist. If I wasn't already sure she was going to let me fuck her right then and there, this would have proved it. I grabbed her ass with both hands and backed up to the couch, sinking deep into the cushions with her straddling my lap. She had begun covering my face and neck with juicy kisses which kinda got in the way of my efforts to remove her shirt. I settled for just raising it above her breasts and fastened my mouth to a nipple…

His lips gently pulled at my breast, circling it's tip with his tongue. His one hand was still wrapped in my hair, but with the other he performed almost the same movements on my other breast as the first was getting from his mouth. It was amazing. I'd never felt anything like it. How he could be so boldly stimulating, yet so tenderly intimate at the same time...

At this point, she was humping my lap hardcore and the zipper on my jeans was starting to chafe. I grabbed her hand and put it on my dick. "You want this, don't you? I asked. "You want my big, hard cock inside you right now?" I proved that I was right about this by unzipping her jeans and finding her pussy completely wet…

I was sure that I'd never been this turned on in my life. I've had a lot of sex, quite a bit before that night and much more than that after. I have never, ever been that close to reaching orgasm from a bit of making out and some dry humping. He really knew what he was doing. When he finally opened my jeans and brought his fingers to my throbbing clit, I just couldn't help it. I came immediately. I don't think he took any notice of that, though. He just kept stroking me, incredibly locating both clitoris (and you'd be surprised how many guys his age hadn't any idea that such a thing existed) as well as my g-spot. I was amazed. The difference in the first orgasm from the second was like the difference between strawberries plain and strawberries with champagne and chocolate. Amazing. I already said that, though, didn't I. I get pretty hazy on the details at this point…

Her pussy was so tight, I could barely fit two fingers in it. Of course, I expected as much from her tight and tiny little body. I was a little worried about being able to fit my dick in her. I'm pretty big. I started doing what I'd fantasized about earlier, namely peeling those tight-ass jeans off her. I stood her up in front of me, and began to pull them down when I got an idea. 

"You're gonna wanna hold onto something for this," He said as he turned me around and faced me away from him. That line is the clearest in my memory of that night. I have since been able to get myself off during self-stimulation, just by replaying that moment in my memory over and over. I get wet thinking about it even now. Sorry, tangent. So, I stood there, facing the wall. He swept his hand from where it rested on my hip up the side of my body to my arm. I shivered. When he'd reached my hand, he steadied me by placing my palm firmly on the windowsill. Then he ran his hand back up my arm to my shoulder, where he began caressing my neck, distracting me from the distinct sound of a condom being ripped open. It's always nice when a guy is able to refrain from breaking the mood while providing for our mutual protection. That moment can be so awkward sometimes. Did I mention he was only 19 at the time? He behaved more maturely than some men I know who are ten years older. 

I wished I could've fucked her skin-on-skin. That would've been awesome. I knew she wouldn't go for that, though. She's a responsible type. When I was ready, I reached into her pussy with two fingers, opening her up for my massive girth. I pushed in between them, and slid them out at the same time…

I could have died, the sensation was incredible. I felt his harness filling me to the hilt while his fingers slid by my clit again. He flicked it with a finger tip just once before settling one hand on my hip, and bringing the other to massage, caress, and even pinch each of my nipples in turn. 

I was fucking her like a jackrabbit. Grabbed on and held on tight. When I remembered to, I played with her tits a little. I think I might have spanked her, even. When I got tired of that, I turned around and sat on the couch, leaned back and let her ride. She knew how to ride, too. She was bouncing up and down on my cock like it was a damn rodeo horse…

The whole time he was whispering obscenities in my ear, telling me how he'd like to lick my pussy later and that he wished he could fuck me all night long. I'd never had anyone talk dirty to me before, and actually do a good job of it. Mostly when men do that you just wanna smother them with a pillow, but he was really turning me on. As I rode him, sliding myself up and down on his great cock like a piston, I had my third orgasm of the evening. He felt that one. Immediately, I was lifted from my seat and positions were changed again. I was amazed at his stamina.

I almost busted my nut while she was riding me. I knew she was about to come again, though, so I let her, and then as soon as she'd finished, I flipped her to her back. She was so light, if she weighed a buck-ten I'd've been surprised. I started to think about all the other stuff I could do with a girl I could throw around that easily. Of course, that brought me back to why I was changing positions, in order to keep from coming right away. I needed to please her more. I wanted to be able to go all night. Suddenly, there was a knock on the door from the kitchen. T.J. wanted to use his smoking porch in order to have a cigarette. Emily and I hurriedly located our clothing and redressed. When we opened the door, T.J. stood there with a bemused smile on his face, knowing what had gone on. He gave me a wink, which I'm glad she didn't see. I knew my bro would be cool with me for this. 

I knew something like that was going to happen. I was just waiting for someone to walk out there and catch us. I think that the possibility of discovery made it that much better. But I still wasn't prepared for what happened next…..

(To Be Continued…)