 Spring Summers was sitting on her front porch enjoying the warm spring evening. When she was born her parents thought the name Spring was perfect for her as she was born on the first day of spring. 

She lived on the end of a dead end road with only two other houses close by. Dillon Bonner lived across the street from her and further up the street Mr. & Mrs. Cassin’s lived. 

For over a year Spring had watched a bevy of beauties come and go from Dillon’s house. Each one looking like some model right off the fashion magazines covers.

Spring had always been curious as to why someone like Dillon lived on the same street she did. He worked for some big advertizing firm as an executive and drove one of those low slung sport cars. He always had some beautiful girl hanging on his arm or showing up on his doorstep at all hours of the day and night. He seemed out of place in the little house, like he should be living in some huge mansion or pent house somewhere. He just looked and smelled of money.

She met Dillon a little over a year ago when he came to her aide. She had been quite embarrassed by the whole thing but he assured her there was nothing to be embarrassed about in the least. 

She had come home from work early one day to find her live in boyfriend sleeping with some woman in her bed and kicked him out. He came back the following night trying to get her to take him back. When she refused to let him inside he started yelling some very mean and hurtful things to her.

Dillon had just walked out his back door to take the trash outside when he heard the commotion over at her place. He came across the street to see if he could help when he realized the asshole might get violent. Dillon ducked the punch he tossed his way and quickly knocked the guy on his ass. He picked him up and tossed him in his car and told him to be on his way or he would call the cops.

Spring apologized to him for the noise and thanked him for coming to her aide. He had realized she was embarrassed and told her there was no need to be, he bid her goodnight and went back to his place. Over the next few weeks they would see each other coming or going from their homes and would always say hello.

She had worked late one night getting home around 7:30. Dillon saw her pull into her driveway and walked across the street to say hello. 

“Getting home kinda late tonight aren’t you Spring? Don’t suppose you’ve had dinner yet have you?”

“Well no, I was going to make myself a sandwich, didn’t feel like stopping at the store.”

“Good, then you can come over and have dinner with me. I’ve two steaks on the grill with a couple of potatoes that my brother was supposed to be sharing with me but he got caught up at work and had to cancel on me.”

“Thanks for the invitation Dillon but I really need to take a shower and get this dust off of me.” Spring worked in a small factory where she worked on an assembly line drilling holes into plastic tubes that fit the windshield washer assemblies in cars.

“Go ahead and take your shower we have plenty of time yet, the potatoes aren’t quite done so the steaks aren’t on the grill yet. I won’t take no for an answer, come on around in back when you get done with your shower,” he said over his shoulder as he walked back across the street to his back yard.

He was looking through the lens of the telescope his brother had gotten him for his birthday when Spring walked through the gate to his backyard. He had felt sorry for her months before he met her formally. He had seen that worthless guy that lived with her bring one woman after another home while she was working. First time he had seen the guy he could tell he was a slick user. Women hardly ever saw that but another man could usually pick out a smooth player easily.

“So how do you like your steak?”

“Medium well thank you. Is there anything I can do to help?”

“Well you can get us something to drink while I tend to these steaks. There’s beer in the fridge and a huge picture of ice tea if you would rather have that. I’ll have a beer.”

She walked through the patio doors to his kitchen and grabbed them both a beer from the fridge. She noticed his kitchen was spotlessly clean with all new appliances. She walked over to the sliding door to ask him if he wanted a glass with his beer, which he refused.

Over their meal they talked about the weather, their work, hobbies, music, movies and books. He was rather fascinated when he found out that she loved to fish. He had seen her loading her car many times with all her fishing gear and was surprised that a woman would have so much tackle. The women he knew only liked to lounge in the sun and would never get caught putting a worm on a hook.

While she was talking Dillon found himself looking at her more closely, now that he was getting to know the woman. She had a pretty face with big blue eyes that seemed to twinkle when she smiled. Her hair was the color of chestnuts, hanging past her shoulders and he would bet his last dollar it didn’t come from a bottle. She was around 5' 5", give or take a inch and rather plump. Dillon would never call a woman fat, he felt that was very rude, he did have some manners, not many, but a few.

He was wondering what kind of a pervert she would think he was if she knew that he had watched her twice through his telescope when she was making love to that worthless piece of crap that used to live with her. 

The first night he had the telescope he had set it up in his bedroom window to look at the clear night sky that was full of stars. He was looking through the lens getting ready to aim it towards the sky when it moved across her bedroom window where he could clearly see her and her lover making love on the bed. He found himself watching them instead of the sky. He watched for a few minutes then felt like a damn voyeur before leaving the telescope and going to bed. Trouble was, the few minutes he had watched, left him with a rather stiff prick that he had to manually take care of.

A week later he hadn’t seen Spring come home and thought the asshole had some other chick up in her room again so he decided to sneak a peek only to find out it was Spring in bed with him. Again he found himself watching this time he actually got to see a clear view of her huge tits as the guy sucked on them. His dick sprang to life and he jumped back from the telescope like he had been caught spying. After that night he had put the telescope down in the garage not wanting to find himself secretly watching his neighbors sexual habits again.

“Dillon you’ve drifted off into space on me, I’m sorry if I was boring you.”

“You weren’t boring me at all Spring, I was just thinking that you and I should go fishing together one day soon. My brother is always to busy and not much fun but I’d really like to spend the day fishing with you. It’s always more fun fishing with someone then it is alone, unless of course your wanting the peace and quiet. So what do you say, let’s make a date to do some fishing? I’ll clean and bone them if you fry our catch, is that a deal?”

Spring was shocked that he would ask her to go fishing with him, she didn’t know what to say.

“Come on, I know you want to say yes and besides I know you weren’t lying about liking to fish, I’ve seen you loading your car with your fishing things before. I know where I can get us this big pontoon boat that we can spend the day on the lake on. It’s got a fridge and a grill so we can have our meal on there as well. Do you have to work this weekend?”

“No, but.”

“No but’s about it, be ready at 6am Saturday morning. I’ll come over tomorrow night and load your fishing things into my truck so we can leave bright and early.”

“Ok, it sounds like fun and I was planning on going fishing this weekend anyway.”

She helped him clean up their dishes from their meal and offered to help with the dishes. He pointed out the dishwasher and let her help him load it before thanking him for the meal and heading home.

Friday night as soon as she drove into her drive he was there to get her things for their fishing trip in the morning. They loaded the back of his truck with her things then said goodbye until they met in the morning.

She was up at 5am, showered, dressed and ready to go by 5:45. She had made some fruit salad last night, plus fried some chicken just in case they didn’t manage to catch their lunch or dinner whatever the case may be. She had also packed some cheese and crackers, then filled her big thermos with ice tea.

Dillon saw her lights go on and hurried to get himself around. He waited till 6am before driving over to her place. He wanted to give her enough time to get her womanly things done. He knew how long it took women to get ready to go anywhere so he patiently waited till the agreed time before knocking on her door.

He was surprised that she was ready and really surprised when she told him she had packed them some lunch just in case they didn’t catch anything. He loaded every thing into the back of the truck then went around to help her in.

“So just where are we going fishing at,” she asked him?

“I know someone who lives on the chain of lakes, it’s his boat we’re going to be using today. There is some great fishing on those lakes, every thing from bluegill, perch, bass, pike, walleye, and some huge tiger muskies.

“I’ve fished there before and your right about the great variety of fish there.”

He turned down a paved road that had a huge sign stating it was a private drive. There was a tall fence with a large ornate gate in front of them. Dillon had a remote that opened the gate allowing the truck to pass through before closing behind them. The drive was tree lined and went quite a ways back before opening onto a clearing where a huge house stood. The house was done in cedar shingles and stone, it was magnificent for a lake house. 

He pulled into the garage which he also opened with a remote control. “I come out here a lot so I have all the gizmo’s to get in and out,” he told her when he saw the questioning look on her face.

After he parked the truck and helped her out he went to a door where there was a security box located, after entering the security code he opened the door that led out to the back of the house and the lake.

Spring was awestruck with the site before her. Whoever lived here, lived in what looked to be a private cove. There were no other houses in view in the cove. A long dock led out to a boat house where a speed boat was housed. The pontoon was tied to the other side of the dock area ready to go. Further over near the end of the cove was a huge building where a amphibian plane was sitting bobbing gently on the water. Whoever lived here had to be rich as hell to live like this. 

She turned around to tell Dillon how lucky he was to have a friend who lived here when she saw the back of the house for the first time.

“Oh my goodness,” she said instead. The back of the house was almost entirely glass. No matter what room you might be in it had a view of the lake and woods surrounding it. The second floor had a huge balcony that stretched the length of it.

“It is something isn’t it? Private, quiet, peaceful and a damn great view to boot.” “You have a very lucky friend Dillon, most lake houses are usually set so close together you don’t have any elbow room, let alone this kind of privacy.”

“Shall we get the boat loaded so we can get busy catching our dinner,” he told her laughing.

Fifteen minutes later the boat was loaded and they were easing their way away from the dock. She had been on a couple of pontoon boats before but never anything this luxurious. There was a center island on the boat that had a gas grill and stove. To the side of that were two refrigerators, one for food he said and one for drinks. Around the back and two sides were seating benches that also pulled out into eight lounge chairs. 

The canopy was canvas that had two separate parts. One part was the canopy that covered the center area of the boat and the other were four long steel rails that when lifted could be opened to release another canvas that gave the boat four walls to inclose it if they wanted to spend the night on the lake. He showed her that the boat could be separated into two sections to give privacy and how the lounges turned into two double sized beds or one double and two singles.

“This is the best part though he told her walking her over to the back of the boat where he pulled up two side panels that lifted and folded out. He lifted a cushion then a lid to reveal a toilet. You pull this latch to release the door part which swings out so you can close the door while you do your business then it all goes back into place in less than a minute. It has storage tanks just like in a motor home,” he told her.

“This has to be custom built, I don’t think I’ve even heard of one having a bathroom in it before,” she told him.

“It is custom built but there are some high end boats like this, that a potty comes standard on,” he told her laughing.

They had been on the water about 20 minutes heading to his secret fishing spot when some people in a speed boat stopped to say hello. Everyone was on a first name basis so he must come here quite often she thought. They finally arrived where he wanted to fish and they set about hooking up their rods. Spring noticed a lot of red ear sunfish swimming around close to shore along with some bluegills. 

Dillon caught the first fish, a bluegill, but Spring landed three in a row after his first one. She only kept two of them the third being to small to fry. She caught four more within five or six minutes. Dillon now had four to her seven catches. 

“Are you using some kind of secret bait over there,” he asked her? “I haven’t seen you put one worm on yet.”

“I’ve been fishing with these mini scented worms for a few months, the gills and sunfish seem to love them early in the day, but I’ve found that by evening they seem to prefer a real worm. Would you like to try one?”

“Thanks I’d love to give them a try.” He took one of the little yellow fake worms from her, and noticed that she had her line set up with a leader, so he did the same to his. Within an hour they had caught 20 good sized sunfish and bluegills.

“This is fantastic, we keep this up and we will have a good amount for dinner tonight. What do you say we cruise on down to another spot I know over on one of the other lakes? There is also a great sandbar over there where we can take time out for a swim as well. It was already hot as hell out and only around 11am, the forecast for today had been hot and humid.

Spring wasn’t going to tell him that she didn’t own a suit, she was to chubby to wear a swim suit so she just told him she hadn’t packed a suit as she didn’t think they would be swimming only fishing.

“So, you can swim in your shorts and top, I’m going to swim in my shorts. It will be a relief to take a nice cool swim in-between our fishing.”

Spring actually loved to swim, she had lived on a lake with her parents until the age of 12 and was an excellent swimmer. They were the only two people on the sandbar so they waded out to fish off it. They started catching a bunch of crappie and a couple of white bass. They kept 10 of the bigger crappies and released the rest before Dillon decided it was time for a swim. 

They ate lunch after their swim then relaxed on the boat for an hour or so just enjoying the day while their clothes dried out. They fished some more then headed back to the cove so Dillon could clean the fish. 

Spring insisted on gathering up all their gear and loading the truck while he cleaned the fish. After she had everything packed into the truck she went back to the boat to make sure it was as neat and clean as when they took it out that morning.

When they got home later that day Spring took the iced fished to her house and told Dillon to come over around 7 for dinner. She showered and changed into a loose summer dress then turned on the grill. She already had a salad tossed in the fridge, and some potato salad she had made last night. They enjoyed their meal, and talked about movies and music for the next hour before Dillon said good night. She thanked him for the fun day they had spent fishing and he thanked her for cooking dinner.

Spring was glad the day was over. Not because she didn’t have a great time fishing with Dillon, but just being with him the whole day had been a little stressful on her libido. Damn he was a good looking man and more than once she had caught herself looking at him wondering what kind of a lover he was.

The night had cooled down so she left her bedroom window open to let in the fresh cool air. She slept in the nude when she slept alone, it was the only time she didn’t have to be embarrassed about her body. When she was in a relationship with someone she always slept in something.

Dillon didn’t know what possessed him to bring the telescope up to his room when he got home. He had a terrible urge to look across the street into Spring’s bedroom and just couldn’t help himself. The sky was clear and there was a full moon out so he had plenty of light.

She was in bed, the sheet pulled up to her chin, her left arm flung across the top of her head. He watched her toss and turn for about 10 minutes and was just about to head to bed himself when he saw her pull the sheet down from her breasts. With her right hand he watched as she slowly rubbed her finger over a nipple. The telescope was powerful enough that he could actually see it grow and harden as she rubbed it slowly.

His cock began to stir when he saw her slip her finger into her mouth, wetting it before rubbing her nipple again with her moist finger. She did the same with her other hand then lowered it to her other nipple rubbing both of them now. He noticed her legs moving under the sheet and figured she was getting aroused and probably wet now.

Dillon reached for his cock without thinking about it and began to stroke it slowly while he watched her playing and tugging on her nipples. She played with her nipples for a long time before he saw her lift a breast to her mouth and suck her own nipple. His cock jerked in his hand as he watched her playing with herself.

Spring was pent up with sexual frustration and spending the day in the company of Dillon had not helped matters any. No wonder women flocked to him, he had an sexual magnetism that just exuded from him. She was fantasizing about him making love to her and felt the hunger in her body stirring to life again. It was her fantasy and she could think about her handsome neighbor if she wanted to.

Dillon was stroking his cock slowly, wondering what it was that she thought about when she masturbated. He hoped it wasn’t that worthless idiot who used to live with her. Maybe she thought of two men making love to her, maybe a woman, could be someone she worked with, a movie star, hell it could be just about anybody or anything for that matter.

Right now Dillon was imagining his mouth at her breast, he knew her tits were real and not like the fake ones most of the women he dated had. Small breasted women never did turn him on, but he would have preferred that they at least be real. He was a boob guy, he loved women’s tits. He like to touch them, hold them in his hands, stroke and fondle them, not to mention he just loved to suck on them.

He saw the sheet start to slide further down her body with the movements of her legs. Spring took her left hand and slid it down her body under the edge of the sheet, he could see her legs open wider as her hand now hidden from his eyes must be exploring her pussy now. She lifted her left leg, now bent at the knee and the sheet fell away to expose her belly. The precum was dripping from the head of his cock now, rock hard and throbbing as he watched her.
