 Slowly he crosses the room towards her. Her sexy feminine body is silhouetted by the lights outside. His eyes hungrily trace the curves of her body. The tight fabric of her dress betrays the figure beneath. He takes his time, devouring every second of the moment. As she sighs, he watches her perfect shoulders raise and fall ever so gently. Her hair brushes her neckline, drawing him nearer. 

Slowly he is drawn towards her, unable to resist. As the space between them closes her breath quickens. She senses him closing. Her skin electrifies, tingling as she anticipates his touch. Her eyes scan the open window, seeing nothing, searching the reflection for him behind her. A glance heightens her anticipation, a simple glance. The thumping of her heart downs out the noise of life.

He reaches out through the growing darkness of the room. His finger tips brush the small of her back, the thin fabric of her dress conducting the heat of her skin. Her skin tingles at the touch. Yearning for more, her back arches slightly. A small gasp escapes her lips. The heat of her breath adding to the increasing heat within the room.

His arm twists around her waist, following the gentle curves of her hips. Slowly, tantalizing, his hand works towards her beautiful stomach., tracing the fabric. Her skin feels every touch, every slide of his arm. Her senses are filled by his strong grasp. He can smell the sweet scent of her hair, rogue strands tickling his nose. 

Taking half a step, he closes the gap between them. His other arm twists around her waist, searching for it’s partner. His hands meet locking, holding her close. Her hands trail his forearms, leading to his clasped hands. Her hands rest on his.

He leans close to her neck. Her skin is subtly lit by the light of the window. He places his lips on the warm soft skin of her neck, kissing it ever so slightly. Gorgeous shivers of pleasure shoot through her, radiating to every fiber within her body. He kisses her again, slightly harder, pressing his lips against her skin. A slight gasp springs from her lips. He raises his hand, gently running it through her hair. 

His fingers trace her check line down to her chin. His hand moves downwards, brushing her large breasts. She can feel the warmth in her body growing. Slowly his hand moves downwards, letting the fingertips drag ever so slightly across her stomach. He lazily drags his fingertips along the her waist line, tracing circles, feeling the shivering of her skin. 

Cautiously his hands explore. He moves closer to her, placing his chest against her back. He feels her rushed shallow breaths. His anticipation matches hers. Their breathing in unison. His rubs slightly, tracing the tops of her thighs, they feel taught and strong under her dress. 

His touch becomes stronger, harder. This movements become more exaggerated, aggressive. His kisses her, tracing her neck from the shoulder to behind her ear.

She turns and stares him in the eye. He catches a glint as a cheeky smile crosses her face. She reaches forward, and kisses him, deeply and strongly. He tastes her, savoring her. His hands trace her back, undoing her dress, letting it fall to her waist. She arches her neck, offering it to him. He kisses her neck and shoulders, tasting her skin, remembering the sensation.

She moans, letting the sound ooze from her lips. Her hands reach behind him, running her hands through his hair, grabbing at it. He leans her back further, his kisses roam, moving from her neck to her chest. Her dark olive skin entices him downwards. His hands move to the small of her back, massaging the tight naked skin. 

He moves back and watches her. Her eyes focus on his face, his eyes. Their eyes lock, they see the passion and desire within each other. He kisses her neck deeply, he can feel the heat of her skin on his lips. Kiss by kiss he moves downwards, drawing a line to the top of her chest. His senses fill, the heat of her skin, the soft touch, the taste, the smell, and the noise of her beating heart. Again he moves, kissing the soft skin of her breasts. He circles each one, laying soft gentle kisses on the tender area. Her eyes close, focusing on his touch. 

She feels the wetness of his kisses, gentle yet passionate at the same time. He moves slowly, deliberately, circling, moving. He closes in taking her breast in his mouth, gently teasing her. Pleasure, indescribable pleasure, ebbs through her body. Her head rolls from side to side, her tongue darting to the corners of her mouth. His hands run the length of her back. She feels his hands running over the muscles of her back, gently massaging yet firm and commanding.

Guiding his head she kisses him on the lips, their mouths intertwined. Her hands run along his shoulders, feeling the warmth and strength under his shirt. Not wanting to be separated from him any longer she unbuttons the top of his shirt while he runs his tongue along the line of her neck. Her mind is over run with uncontrollable lust, ripping open his shirt and remaining buttons. He pulls her close to him, the warmth of their skin combining. Still they kiss, not wanting to be separated. He runs his hand through her hair, gently holding her head, wanting to hold her forever. 

Releasing his grasp, he runs his hands down her chest, along her hips, letting his hands remember the curves of her body. He comes to the fabric of her dress, soft, yet in comparison to her silky skin, so rough. As gently as he is able, anticipation flowing through his body, he pushes his thumbs between the fabric and her body. Continuing to push down, her dress releases it’s desperate grasp on her figure, falling to the floor. Pulling back, she looks at his face, again a glint of a cheeky smile crosses her face. Not to be out done, she runs her nails, ever so softly along the muscles of his back stopping at the tough leather of his belt. 

She too runs her hands to the front of his body, feeling the cold steel of his belt buckle. As her tongue wrestles with his, her hand wrestles with the leather of his belt, pulling it through the cold metal. As her hands move, clumsy without her seeing, she brushes against his groin. She smiles, while kissing him, feeling the excited state his body betrays. With a final flick ,the tail of the belt comes free, revealing the easily removed button of his pants. Hungrily her hands fumble over the button, trying desperately to push it back through the hole which holds it secure. 

His hands roam, feeling her entire body, he takes in the scent of her hair. Cautiously his hands work downwards again, the soft fabric of her underwear running through his finger tips. Again her head rolls back, electricity passing through her lower body, making her pulsate through the thin fabric of her underwear. Surprise crosses her mind as she focuses on her body and the state her has caused it to come to. 

With a final twist the button of his pants pass through it’s hole, leaving his pants, and him, open and unsecured. Roughly she pulls them, expecting them to fall to the ground. Looking down she realizes his exited state, keeping them up. With a smile she runs her hand down the front of his pants, along his shaft, releasing his pants to the floor.

Grasping her around her waist, he lifts her slightly from the ground, her feet passing over her dress, laying on the floor. Her breasts press up against his chest, as he lifted he placed kisses on them, again the amazing heat on his lips. Slowly he tips her backwards, falling onto the cushions on the floor. Her hair splays outwards, a giggle escapes from her mouth. Again his kisses move downwards, exploring her stomach, her sexy belly button, down to the top of her panties. She runs her finger tips along the side of her body, and across her stomach, enjoying her touch as much as she did his. His kisses moved to her thighs, random, passionate kisses. 

Occasionally her back arched as he moved upwards, on the inside of her thigh. The soft skin was like cream past his lips. The musky sweet scent of her filled his head, the fabric of her panties betrayed how he made her feel. The wet fabric clinging tight to the curves and folds of her body. Greedily he moved, placing a gentle kiss on the outside of the fabric. Again electricity shot through her body, radiating to every part of her body, causing her excitement to increase.

Just as he had done to her dress, his fingers slipped under her underwear, gently pulling, peeling off as if a second skin. With a slight kick of her legs the tiny piece of clothing was disposed of, leaving her naked and waiting for his touch. His head moves back towards her, tracing the quivering muscles of her thighs he moved towards her sweet scent. Hey eyes closed in anticipation, her mind exploding, trying the sense him, and his touch. 

Gently his mouth moves up her right thigh, his tongue moving ever so slightly. He tastes her at the top of her thighs, her anticipation causing her excitement to grow. His mind is filled with her, there is no world outside the room, no world without her. Hungrily he attacks her. His tongue explores the gentle folds, tasting her excitement with every movement. His tongue moves up, tracing every ridge, diving into every valley. Probing, he seeks out the swollen mound at the top of her folds. Pleasure that she has never felt before shoots through her body, as his tongue passes over it. Sensing her pleasure, his tongue begins to circle, teasing with every movement. 

A silent gasp escapes her lips, her fingers intertwine with his hair, massaging him as his head moves slowly, circling. Focusing, his tongue moves up and down, exploring the opening to her body. Her body shudders as her explores the opening, his tongue darting around the slick opening., tasting her. 

Looking up at her, his mouth still exploring, their eyes meet, he sees her biting her lip, close. With an added determination he moves his focus back, a smile fighting at his mouth. He moves back, to her swollen nub, and begins. Slowly teasing he works his tongue around it, again exploring the folds, occasionally running his rough tongue over it. The each unexpected moment brings her closer and closer, her grip on his head becomes tighter and tighter. 

Finally he focuses all his attention, licking, sucking, tasting until with an urgency she’s not ever had, she explodes, her mind a flood of feelings and emotions, her body electric, a tingling left in her hands and feet her thighs and her chest. Her thighs closed like a vice around his head, forcing him to keep teasing, tasting her.

With a final gasp, she fell back exhausted, her thighs releasing their grips. Slowly he trailed his tongue the length of the body, finally resting at her neck. His grip tightened on her as he pulled her close. Slowly they kissed, deeply, his hand tracing her jaw, brushing her hair from her eyes. With a push that took almost all of her remaining strength she slipped out from beside him. Kneeling over him, she places a hand either side of his head, kneeling either side of his waist, straddling him. Slowly she kisses his neck and chest, her hands massaging his shoulders. Her hands move slowly downwards, the tips of her nails dragging along his skin. 

Finally they rest at his waist. With one definite movement they twist and pull, removing his underwear exposing how excited she has made him. Gently she trails her forefinger along his shaft, circling the top, teasing just as he had done to her. His face twists with pleasure at her actions. He can feel her wetness on his body. Slowly she raises herself above him, holding for a moment, then with a smile lowers herself onto him. Her head tips back, her eyes unfocused, concentration on the sensation of their skin touching. 

He watches as they become one, unable to differentiate between their bodies. His hands run over her chest and neck, tracing the outline of her body, teasing the base of her neck. Slowly she moves, raising and lowering herself on him, feeling him fill her. A low moan escapes her lips, as if no other room within her to keep it. Her head rolls, looking at him. Their eyes are locked, seeing not just each other, but into each other. Their souls revealed to each other. 

With each movement they become closer and closer, their bodies heat, becoming one. She feels him, the anticipation building in him. She grinds, feeling him inside her, against his skin. Pleasure shoots through her body, unbelievable pleasure. He feels her, her lips tightening on him, slick with wetness. He can feel it building, a gentle rumble. The sultry look she gives him is almost too much, he grips her hips, she grips him inside her. With a final combined moan they explode, becoming one. With a an exhausted gasp, she rolls off him.

Laying side by side he watches a single drop of sweat, roll down the middle of her back, lost. His hands massage her as they lay there, no world outside, only with each other.