 Kate left on Monday morning for a week-long business trip so I was left to "Bach" it for the week. I was looking forward to just a relaxing week of doing pretty much nothing. I had thought about going to a strip club or adult store, maybe watch a few skin flicks, other "MAN" stuff, but wasn't planning anything earth shattering. 

Unbeknownst to me, Kate had a conversation with Melissa last weekend about her going out of town and would she watch the house during her time away if I wasn't around. Melissa, of course said sure and deducted from that, I would be alone all week. I knew Kate was going away but was kept in the dark with the rest.

I went to work as normal and was going through my daily routine when I received a surprise text. I logged into my phone expecting one from Kate saying she was there safe and all going well. I was a little shocked when I saw it was from Melissa. Honestly, my heart kind of jumped a bit as I thought something was wrong first and then it kind of went to "OH my, Melissa!"

The text read "Did Kate leave on her trip?"

"Yes, this morning" I answered, a bit baffled, as I hadn't known about them talking.

"OK" she said with a little smiley, then "See you when you get home".

I had a very perplexing afternoon from that point on. My mind went back and forth from her being a nice neighbor checking on Kate's well-being, to why did she say "see you when you get home"?, to how'd she know Kate was even gone?

I pulled into our driveway at my normal time, grabbed my stuff and headed into the house as normal. I took a good look over at Melissa's while trying to be very normal. Her car was there so she was home. I went in the side door to the kitchen and flopped my stuff on the table, as always. I pondered a bit about getting into my old clothes and maybe going over to visit and see what was up. I'd justify the visit with being worried that something was wrong after her text.

I started unbuttoning my shirt as I went through the living room, and hopped up the stairs. I entered our bedroom, pulling my shirt off, not really paying much attention to my surroundings. I was bare-chested reaching for the dresser drawer when I noticed the bumps in the bed clothes. I'm not sure exactly what I did except that I gasped a little and backed away. Eyes and mouth wide open, I realized that Melissa, with her eyes sparkling like sapphires, smiling a devilish grin from ear to ear, was peering from under our bed covers. 

She said "Hi!"

All I managed to get out was an "Oh my!"

"I thought I'd welcome you home and start your free week off right" she explained "Welcome home, neighbor."

"Wow!" came out, but that was it.

There was a long pause and then I asked "Are you naked under there?"

She lifted the blankets and peeked under "Yes" she squeaked sheepishly.

"Oh my" I repeated

"I want you to get naked too" she said "and I want to watch...just like you watch me through the window"

My boner was swelling in my pants. I wanted to get naked instantly and ravage her soft white flesh for the next few hours in the worst way.

I hesitated and blurted "You won't tell Kate?"

"Absolutely not!" she answered "that would ruin the continued fun we can have" 

I faced her, reached immediately to the buckles of my pants and belt, undid them, and lowered my pants and underwear at the same time. My cock sprang out as they dropped. It actually made a slapping sound as it hit my belly. Melissa giggled staring at it as I pulled my socks off.

"My turn to say OH my" she said looking back and forth from my rock hard member to my face.

I don't have the biggest cock out there but it is nice and thick with a big mushroom head. It's between 6 and 7 inches depending on how swelled I am, it's well shaped, and I keep it shaved and or well-trimmed in all areas.

"Nice" she confirmed.

"Tell me you haven't seen it before!" I asked sarcastically "I've flaunted it in front of open windows countless times over the past year in hopes you would see" 

She looked up into my eyes and shyly admitted "I've seen...just not this close...or this hard"

"Well, you better get closer" I ordered as I went around the bed and jumped in under the covers.

She stopped me with her hand on my chest as I shuffled to get next to her. "Kate won't shoot me if she finds out?"

"No" I said shaking my head "Kate and I have been swapping and sharing for seven or eight years now" "We don't really condone sneaking around having affairs but we do have a running thing where if something unexpected and very tempting pops up, use your own discretion. I'm going to put this under that classification" "besides, she's away for the week and probably going to be getting some herself"

She smiled. Her hand eased up my chest and slid around my neck to my back pulling me in. I eased in next to her feeling how soft all that white flesh really was. Soft, silky smooth, and warm is what I deducted as we melted into a deep kiss. The kiss lasted and lasted as our tongues mingled. My left hand explored her flesh from her buttocks to her breast. Her breast was big and so soft it surrounded my hand as I felt searching for her nipple. I found it swelling and squeezed the tip gently. She moaned and squirmed a little as I played with it. My other hand found its way under her. I cupped her ample butt cheek and squeezed and kneaded pulling her in tight. 

I felt her fingers touching the shaft of my erection. I sighed and pushed a little forward encouraging her. It felt so nice to be handled. Her fingers tickled me and tested as she probed around touching everywhere, feeling for reactions from me. She got them as I squirmed and ground. Her fingers finally wrapped firmly around me squeezing and stroking. Our kiss continued. 

It was my turn to explore. My hand left her breast and wondered down her belly to her groin where I found that mound of pubic hair. My fingers combed through it feeling the coarseness. I was not used to the pubes but found it as arousing as something new.

My middle finger found her slit. I pushed down between her lips. A tiny squeal of pleasure came from her lips as I found her clit swelled and protruding. She was soaking wet. I probed deeper and pushed a second finger between her lips to spread her open. Both fingers were immediately covered with her juices. My middle finger probed into her opening. I pushed it in as deep as I could, feeling her inside. I curled it up to find her g-spot. She ended the kiss and laid her head back stretching her neck as my finger found it. Her grip on my cock and my neck tightened. Her hips started a rotation fucking my finger. I pushed the second finger in to join the first massaging her g-spot. Her juices flowed around my hand as she fucked my fingers. I wanted to pull my fingers out to taste the juices but didn't. 

She started stroking me harder and harder as we continued. She was getting close to an orgasm. I wanted her to cum so bad!! Over and over again! I curled my fingers up inside her pulling her almost up off the bed. My fingers drove in and out of her. She squirmed and bucked matching my rhythm. Her hand released my cock and shot over grabbing my wrist holding me tightly, holding me still at that position. Her back was arched and her neck was strained. She was motionless holding her position breathing shallow, waiting for something. Then she came with total body release. Her entire body gave a little quiver as it released. All her muscles relaxed. She dropped on the bed gasping for breath.

As her grip on wrist loosened, I slowly and gently massaged her clit rotating my thumb. I eased my fingers out of her and then back in slowly, then repeated that. She quivered a little each time my thumb touched her clit. She licked her lips as her breath returned to normal. Her eyes opened looking into my eyes.

Both her hands moved to my neck and face. She held me tight and kissed me passionately again. As she did she rolled me over onto my back and eased over on top of me. I was in heaven covered by her soft flesh. Her right hand reached down grabbing my cock again. She positioned it and guided it as she moved herself onto it. Her fluids engulfed me as she eased me inside lifting herself to ride me. She braced herself with both hands on my upper chest. Inside she was so wet and warm. She started rocking on top of me.

She rocked and ground until I was deep inside her. Her cunt was tight around the shaft of thick cock but I slid in and out full length easily. She was so wet, her juices pumped out with each stroke. My balls were drenched and dripping on the bed below. 

She leaned forward and began rotating her hips increasing her rhythm and length with each stroke. The head of my cock was barely touching as she lifted each time and then drove in full depth again and again.

"Ooooh fuck!" I moaned as she moved her hips harder. "Fuck me hard, hon" I begged.

She went faster, banging down on my hips driving me into the mattress. Her ass cheeks slapped against my hips, my balls were dripping underneath. Her nails dug into my chest. Her head dropped back again. She leaned back over my legs arching her back still keeping rhythm up and down.

Oh my god, can you fuck!!" I screamed "You're going to make me come!"

She slowed hearing that. I looked up at her questioning.

"Not yet!" she commanded "I'm coming on your cock first! Then you fuck my tits and come all over my nipples"

I shook my head moaning in agreement. 

She balanced herself on one arm leaning back on the bed. Her other hand moved to her clit and began rubbing, rotating her skin hard against her pelvis. She began to breathe harder. Her pace on her clit quickened while her strokes up and down on my cock slowed. She was pulling me deep to come. She gasped and stopped on her clit. Her body jerked a quick convulsion, her fingers went from rotating to gripping her groin tightly. Her breath stopped and she dropped down on her back on my legs. My cock was bent down straight out still deep inside her. 

Her hand flopped on the bed beside her. I reached down and gently touched her clit. She moaned and squirmed and grabbed my hand stopping me. 

As she laid, recovering, I eased out of her and crawled around on the bed. I mounted her placing my still throbbing, ready to explode cock between her huge tits. I reached to her sides lifting them and squeezed them together surrounding every inch of my cock. I began stroking still soaked and lubed with her cunt juices. She watched every move intently, head laying softly on the bed, not helping, and not stopping me. I was, after all, following her directions. I increased the rate and began driving my cock rapidly between her tits. Her nipples were hard. I pinched them hard between my fingers as I fucked. The head of my cock barely appeared at her neck just under her chin with each stroke. My head went back as my breath got short.

"I'm coming!!...ooooooh fuck!" as I began pumping cum. 

A huge glob pumped out of me and oozed down onto her neck. The second shot out of me in a big rope hitting her chin. By the third, fourth, fifth, I was beyond knowing. I rolled off her still oozing come, exhausted from the fuck fest. 

When I caught my breath, I looked over. Melissa was spreading the come in both hands over her entire tits rubbing it in. They were intensely glazed with little globs all over. 

She bent sideways looking over at me, smiling, still rubbing it in.

"Now kiss my nipples!" she giggled. I think she wondered if I would.

I rolled up and gave her left nipple a quick kiss covering my lips in my own cum. I licked my lips and tasted. "Mammy." I smiled back at her. I lowered again, licked and sucked her nipple, cleaning it. I moved to her second nipple and did the same. Then moved up and kissed her hard.

"Oh my god! That was pretty fucking awesome!!" she said grinning. Her eyes were sparkling again. She took a deep breath through her nose. "I love the smell of fresh come!!" she added. "I would wear it all day if I could."