 The only good thing about my job that I actually enjoyed was the sexy looking brunette who sometimes worked late at night back in the corner office. I knew her only by her name, and only then because of the fancy nameplate attached to her office door. "Janette Peters", it read.

I'd been a security, 'Night Watchman' at this particular advertising agency for nearly a year now. It was a piece of cake job basically. All I had to do was monitor a few TV cameras of the lobby, corridors as well as the elevators. None of the offices had security camera's installed, which would have made for some interesting eve's droppings according to some of the stories I'd heard from my fellow security co-workers. They'd shared stories of things they said they'd either seen, or had heard about themselves of some intimate goings on between a few of the employee's. Truth was, in the year I'd been working there, I hadn't seen anything of particular interest aside from one of the cleaning people who I had caught on camera masturbating into a trashcan. But even that had been less than exciting to watch, getting the poor fellow fired for it afterwards.

The fact that I worked the evening shift when the offices were closed perhaps had something to do with any lack of real excitement on my shift. It was rare that anyone was there with the exception of one or two really dedicated employee's that sometimes stayed a little later on in the evening after regular business hours. But like I said, Janette Peters was one of those. And as attractive a woman as she was, I always enjoyed watching her whenever she was out and about from her office in the late evening.

One night after the cleaning people had finished up for the night, I made my rounds ensuring that all the offices were locked up and secured. I knew that Janette was still there. I'd never actually met her face to face or spoken to her of course. I had in fact no clue if she was married or single for that matter. About all I knew for sure was that she had the longest damn legs I'd ever seen on a woman, which she enjoyed displaying, demurely I might add, beneath semi-short business skirts. I often wondered how they'd really look if she'd ever been daring enough to wear a really short mini-skirt. Added to those incredible legs was a rather impressive bust-line. Not that she was overly large in the tits department. But she certainly had a more than ample chest, by the outfits she wore, and one in which she used to advantage in her position by the looks of things.

I had just rounded the corner near the restrooms just down from her office when we collided. She was just coming out from the bathroom, having obviously changed clothing from her business attire into something a little more formal, and far sexier than anything I'd seen her wearing up until this point. Obviously, she had a date, deciding to change clothes at the office rather than going home first. I assumed from that, that her date was planning on picking her up from work, which I later learned, he was. 

"Oh God! I'm sorry!" I exclaimed as we collided. 

And it hadn't been just a brush-by either. Turning the corner on a fairly brisk walk, she was in just as big a hurry heading back towards her office when we literally ran into one another. There'd been no way to avoid the collision, and as we did, I felt those firm twin peaks of hers mash themselves against my chest, as well as one hand as I'd barely gotten it up in a purely reflexive action. Just in time to feel it press fully against her braless breast. I'd expected some sort of tirade from her. Which I'd found over the years was something to expect from most executive types, as they tended to look down on the blue-collar classes as something to be merely tolerated. I was surprised when she smiled at me instead.

"No. It was totally my fault," she said in the sexiest, softest voice I'd ever heard. "I wasn't watching where I was going."

I could tell from the blush in her cheeks that she knew as well as I did that I'd felt her full breasts, though quite by accident, never the less, fully, as though I had purposely reached out to caress them.

As she stepped back to distance herself from me, I couldn't help but take in her evening attire. She was wearing a black formal evening gown, with a deep 'V' neckline, showing off a considerable amount of cleavage, which was one of the reasons I'd gotten a pretty good feel of the softness of those breasts even if it had been quick and accidental. 

Obviously, by the design and cut of the gown, there was no way she could have worn a bra with it. And I also had my suspicions about the rest of the dress too as it clung to her in a form fitting way that highlighted the obvious curves of her body.

In that brief moment that we stepped back and away from one another, while I was still staring at her boobs, she must have been looking at my name badge, "Craig Jensen", as she now called me by my first time, drawing my attention away from her gorgeous tits, back to her eyes.

"Craig is it?" she asked.

I wasn't too surprised at the informal address, especially under the circumstances. But I answered her more formally.

"Yes mam?"

"I'm expecting someone at any moment. He should be pulling up in a limousine out front. When he does, would you mind calling my office and letting me know that he's here?"

"Yes mam." I responded again.

She gave me the phone number to her office, and repeated it to me. "I should be leaving shortly," she said afterwards. "But there is also a good chance that we...that I may be returning later on this evening," she amended.

This time I simply nodded my head in acknowledgment. She had her own master key of course, as well as a coded security access that would allow her into the building at whatever time she wished. The thought of that, I found to be intriguing however, wondering why she of all people would give any thought to returning here to these offices late at night. Especially after a date, if in deed that's what this was. As though reading my mind, she offered an explanation prior to continuing on down the hall to her office.

"I'm attending a clients cocktail party. I may return here later to finish up some work if it gets too boring to stay." 

I smiled, still not speaking as she passed. But I took a quick opportunity to glance very briefly back down that deep 'V' in her dress as she did.

"Nice tits." I thought silently to myself smiling. Something I'd never be lucky enough to ever see of course, though I doubted her escort, whoever he might be, would have much difficulty in doing.

Ten minutes later her limo arrived. Dutifully, I called her office number and informed her that her escort was here. Watching from my monitor, I saw her approach the limo where a tall good looking guy met her wearing a black tie and dinner jacket. She leaned over to accept a perfunctory kiss "hello", then I watched as she slid into the back seat of the car, giving me a quick brief glimpse of those equally luscious legs of hers.

I don't know why I did what I did next. If I had gotten caught, it would have meant not only my job, but very possibly my marriage. Having been in the security profession for years, I had interest, as well as access to all sorts of electronic surveillance devices. Many of which were tiny little wireless cameras that could be operated remotely, secretly positioned most anywhere without fear of detection. As it was, I happened to have several of these types of cameras sequestered away in the trunk of my car. Although the risk I was taking was slight, it never the less, got the adrenalin flowing as I dashed outside to my car, then back upstairs to the executive floor where Janette's office was located.

Having a master key to all the offices had its advantages. And I had been inside her office once before to turn out some lights that the cleaning service had left on. Though I hadn't considered it at the time, subconsciously perhaps, I'd noted the décor of her office as well as the ceiling tiles. The camera I'd selected would be perfect for observation from where I positioned it. A slim tiny little eye that would fit perfectly inside one of the many thousands of acoustic holes located within the ceiling tiles.

Once I was satisfied with it's placement, and had checked out the view on the hand-held monitor that I had to see things with, I retreated back to my normal workstation. The odds of anything actually happening were remote. But it did give me a tiny erotic thrill to actually fantasize about the possibilities.

As I sat reading a book, occasionally glancing at all the monitors, the appearance of headlights pulling into the parking lot alerted me to the fact that someone was pulling up in front of the building. It was the limousine! I knew that Janette knew I would be able to see her for the most part. I was already triggering the security access so she could open the main door without entering the code herself when she approached, looking up directly into the overhead camera, and smiling! Though she still had to use her key, she did so quickly, opening the door as she and her date stepped inside into the lobby area. They passed from view momentarily into one of the elevators, headed up stairs towards her office. What I believe neither Janette, nor most anyone else knew, was that camera's had been installed in all of the elevators a few month's earlier for security purposes, hidden in such a way that no one except for a selected few even knew they were there. The moment they entered the elevator, I saw them on my security screen, smiling slyly to myself as the two of them embraced momentarily as the elevator began its slow ascent to the upper level floor. 

With no clue that I was still able to observe the two of them, I watched as the guy she was with, cupped her breasts with both hands, fondling them through the material of her evening gown. As he did, he nuzzled her neck, biting her playfully. Janette threw her head back, laughing from the looks of it. I only wished there was audio to go along with the video of the camera's. But the firm hadn't wanted to take their internal security quite that far. Luckily, the one I had placed inside her office did. Though I was concerned that the distance from where it was positioned to where they might be inside the office would make hearing anything just as difficult as not having that ability anyway.

Once again I grinned as the elevator reached her floor. I watched as Janette pushed the guy she was with back a little, composing herself, ensuring that nothing was 'out of place' as it were, just as the elevator doors opened. As there was a very 'obvious' camera located at the end of the hallway, I saw Janette look up towards it as they approached, still smiling as she fumbled momentarily with the keys to her office before stepping inside, closing it.

The sound of the door locking, clicking shut informed me that my camera was operating perfectly as they entered inside. Turning from the company's monitors, I now turned towards the much smaller one I held in my hand. Operating the small mouse located on the device, I redirected the eye of the camera to slowly rotate until I had them in view, and then zoomed in getting a much better close up of the two of them.

Standing just inside her door, I watched as the guy Janette was with peeled off the straps to her dress until it fell well below her breasts. Admittedly I gasped as those luscious twin beauties came into view. They were nearly perfect. Not so perfect as to appear as though she'd had implants, but nearly so, as they stood firm and inviting, not only to his gaze, but to mine was well. I watched as he leaned over, capturing one within his hand and began tweaking her extended nipple with his fingers. The other, he drew within his lips, sucking it urgently.

"Oh Roger!" Janette squealed in obvious delight. "I've been wanting you to do that all evening long!" she told him. "I couldn't wait to get out of there!"

"Rodger the dodger" as I now mentally nicknamed him, continued playing with those tits I was dying to touch myself. Finally releasing them, he began removing his dinner jacket as well as his black tie.

"We don't have a lot of time," he told Janette.

I saw a small frown cross her face when he told her that. "I promised my wife that this cocktail party wouldn't run all that late, especially on a work night." 

She frowned even more deeply, actually lifting her dress back up to once again conceal her breasts.

"Maybe we should do this another time...when we actually have more time to enjoy it!" she said with an obvious pout to her tone of voice.

By this time however, Rodger was already half out of his own clothing having already unbuttoned his shirt as well as his slacks. I sat there watching as he slipped a hand inside his boxer shorts, suddenly producing a very angry, stiff looking erection, which he exposed, waving it in front of her like some sort of writhing snake. Janette actually seemed mesmerized by it as she stood there looking down at his prick while he stood there stroking himself for her.

"Just say the word baby, and I'll tuck it away."

With mixed emotions, I was glad when she didn't. Instead, she reached out, placing her small tiny hand about it's girth, squeezing it, and eliciting a rather wicked looking grin from his face along with a slow, deep-throated groan of obvious pleasure.

"Oh fuck! Your hand feels good baby. And so will that mouth of yours!" he added a second later. "How about you suck it a little for me?" 

Janette didn't even hesitate. Still half in and half out of her dress, she dropped down to her knees in front of him, drawing his hard cock between her lips as she began to orally make love to it. Just watching her doing that, I felt my cock stiffen, throbbing with obvious excitement and arousal, wishing it was my prick she was sucking and not 'The Dodgers'.

After several tormenting minutes of watching this, Roger finally drew Janette up back onto her feet. Helping her to slip off the rest of her dress, I discovered immediately that I had been correct earlier. Janette was completely nude beneath the gown she'd been wearing.

Even more surprising however, was the discovery that she'd completely shaven her pussy. It was totally bare without a hint of pubic hair. Zooming in with my camera, it was as though I was down on my knees looking at it myself. Her lips were slightly puffy and swollen with obvious excitement. Roger was busy struggling out of the rest of his clothing, which gave me ample time to trace the lens of the camera up Janette's torso until it rested perfectly upon her breasts. Her dark nipples were puckered with excitement, her buds firm, hard and inviting. I could almost imagine myself licking them from where I sat as close as they appeared to me.

"Lets move over to the couch," she told him once he'd finished undressing.

Janette had a large comfortable looking couch sitting against one wall of her office. Both naked now, they moved towards it where Janette lay down, Roger quickly positioning himself between her obscenely spread legs. I watched as he placed the angry looking head of his prick against the opening of her cunt, and shoved. There was a brief grimace of surprise etched within her face as Rogers prick entered her, but it soon turned to one of welcomed pleasure as he began stroking inside that wet velveteen passage.

Taking a quick cursory look at the bank of security monitors, I ensured myself that nothing else was happening or about to interrupt my unplanned voyeuristic viewing. More importantly, I wanted to take my cock out and begin playing with it. Unzipping my pants, I quickly fished my prick out which was as hard as it had ever been. Already pearly pre-cum "fuck juice" as my wife called it, was leaking out of the tip of my penis in excited expectation of my enjoyments.

"Oh yes Roger, fuck me! Fuck me!" I heard Janette calling out to him as he continued to pummel his prick in and out of that hot looking twat.

"You like this huh bitch?" he leered above her.

Obviously, Janette seemed to like this 'take charge' almost dominant, verbal abuse he was throwing out at her. The harder and faster he slammed into her, the more she seemed to be getting off on his vocal assertions.

"Rub your tits!" he commanded. "Pull on them you fucking cunt! Play with them you horny bitch!"

Janette complied; tugging on her tits, twisting her nipples as he asked...rather demanded that she do. By the look on her face, she was close to orgasm, but then so was he. I wondered briefly if he would even bother to ensure her pleasure before reaching his own, but the matter was settled within the next moment as Janette cried out in obvious climatic bliss. Seconds after that, Roger withdrew his prick which was already discharging copious amounts of cream which he began aiming, spraying against her tits and face as he knelt there above her on the couch. Janette seemed to revel in the sensation however, drawing her hands up, not to ward off the sticky explosions, but to begin playing in them as they continued to land upon her exposed flesh.

Drenched, covered in slimy pools of his rich nectar, Janette lay beneath him a moment longer, finally satiated, once again taking charge.

"Get up," she told him. "I need to clean up and get going," she said simply. "And you need to get out of here before your wife starts to wonder where the hell you are."

That reminder seemed to trigger his memory as he quickly did exactly as she asked. As Roger the dodger began dressing, Janette sat up, though not immediately making any attempt to dress or cover her nude form. I assumed as I sat there that she would finish doing so in the rest room, and wondered briefly how she'd accomplish that without ruining her dress by putting it back on.

Though my nuts were tight, swollen and screaming for release, I refrained from relieving myself, now curious if this wondrous episode was really over. I decided to wait and see what Janette would do first before either tucking myself away for pleasure later on, or finishing what I'd begun in hopeful expectation.

As I followed Roger on the one hand out of the building, releasing the front door locks electronically as he pressed the buzzer at the door just before exiting. I had kept the other eye on the private monitor I'd been using to watch Janette in her office with. As she had a small sink with which to wash up, she did so. Removing whatever traces of his spunk, which had remained, not absorbed into her skin before once again putting on her evening dress.

Deciding then that the show really was over, I tucked my still hard cock away inside my pants for self-pleasuring while recalling everything I had just witnessed for replay later. 

Following Janette as she left her office for the bathroom, I assumed correctly once again that she'd gone in to change before finally heading home. When she reemerged, she had indeed changed, but not into the working attire I had seen her in earlier, but into a much more casual sweat suit that she obviously had on hand for just such an occasion. 

I had already made up my mind to head down the hallway, meeting her in the lobby area and thus escorting her to the exit door, which would also give me the brief opportunity to once again chat with her, even if only for a moment, when from the corner of my eye, I thought I saw movement in one of the outside monitors. Frozen in place, I continued to scan the screen, wondering initially if my eyes had been playing tricks on me. Unfortunately, Janette was already exiting the elevator and I would now have to sprint down the hallway to meet her. 

"There!" I said staring into the screen. Janette's sleek black BMW was the only car besides my own beat up Chevy Malibu sitting in the parking lot. A hedgerow sat behind it however, even though it was parked fairly close to the front of the building. As I stood there staring at the monitor, I again saw movement, realizing in that fraction of an instant that someone was in fact laying in wait just behind the front of her car.
