 It had been another crazy few days at work and I was enjoying the long ride home, even with the traffic, as it gave me some much needed time to unwind before I got home to my kids. I think I'd been enjoying it too much because about a mile past the tunnel I looked up to find flashing lights coming up behind me. Great, I thought; this is just what I needed. A perfect ending to a perfect day; a ticket. So I gently pulled off the side of the interstate, rolled my window down and sat there with my hands on the wheel, waiting.

As I sat there watching him exit his vehicle in my rear view mirror I started wondering what it was about a man in uniform that was such a turn on for me. Little did I know at that point, I was going to find out. The officer walked up next to my window and in the sexiest voice I'd ever heard said, Don't you think you were going a little fast, Babe? My first thought was, Just who does this Officer think he is, calling me babe. Of course if his body looked half as good under that uniform as it did in it I think I'd probably let him call me anything he'd like.

I told him that I did know how fast I was going; once I saw his flashing lights and looked down at the speedometer. Then he really took me by surprise. He still hadn't requested my license, registration, insurance, etc. The next words out of his mouth were, Well Diana, I don't think I'm going to give you a ticket this time, but I would like to give you something else. How did he know my name? All of a sudden it clicked, this was Ethan. 

He and I had been talking online for some time and I hadn't even been really sure that he was a police officer. So many people on line lie, so I'm usually pretty skeptical to start. It didn't register at first when he came up to the side of my car because he'd apparently given me a phony last name online, as it didn't match the nametag on his uniform. Now I got really nervous.

This man and I have been talking daily, playing on the web cam and now here he is standing so close to me that I can feel his breath on my skin. Being miles and miles apart talking on the phone or looking at each other on the computer seems so safe and harmless. Now I'm just inches from this man with the gun on his hip. What have I gotten myself into? 

We both pulled off the interstate to a lot at one of the marinas and talked for a while, just like old friends. He was telling me about the local area, about his job, all the buttons, lights and controls in the patrol car, etc. He asked if I wanted to get that cup of coffee we've been talking about for ages, so I said sure and that I'd meet him at Starbucks. 

He had a reported accident he had to attend to first, so I was already half way through my caramel macchiato when he arrived. We enjoyed our coffee at one of the outdoor tables, trying to decide what to do next. I laughed and said, Aren't you still on duty? He said that he was, but that he had a little time as long as he didn't get any emergency calls. I chuckled when he recommended going to his place for a while, since it was so close.

I told him I was a little hesitant about any initial dates not in a public place, but since I now knew his real name, where he works and would in a few minutes know where he lives; I suppose it would be okay to make an exception. So we hopped back in our vehicles and I followed him back to his condo, hoping that a different trooper didn't chose to stop me and give me a real ticket while I was trying to keep up with Ethan.

We arrived at his place and I followed him in, hesitating at the threshold. He could see my apprehension, and told me to relax that he wasn't going to hurt me, unless I wanted him to. I walked in behind him, taking in layout and design of his home. It wasn't your typical bachelor pad. I was actually impressed. It was neat, with tasteful art on the walls and furniture that matched. Not only is he gorgeous with a great personality, this guy has actually got taste! 

He grabbed my shoulders and whirled me around, leaning me against the back of the sofa. Within seconds his hands raked though my hair, his fingers cupping my head with enough pressure to bring me up on my toes. The kiss was demanding, his lips hot and hard on mine. 

My heart was throbbing in my throat making it impossible to speak and almost as difficult to breathe. All rational thought was lost as his hands began to slide down the front of my blouse, unbuttoning along the way. I couldn't help the moan that escaped as his lips followed the trail his nimble fingers were blazing.

Slowly he kissed his way down my body, pausing to nibble and suckle at my breasts. I was thankful that I had the couch behind me for support, as I felt like I was beginning to lose all control. His lips never missed a beat as he dropped to his knees. He ran his tongue around my belly button as he undid my slacks, and carefully removed them from my body, while leaving my heels on my feet. I did catch a slight grin on his face when he realized I was telling the truth about never wearing panties.

It felt deliciously nasty standing there with my legs spread and my wares on naked display while this fully dressed officer of the law is kneeling at my feet. The sensations were even more delicious as he began to run his hands up and down my legs and ass, squeezing and caressing me into insanity. My knees began to buckle as his hands grabbed the cheeks of my ass and pulled me towards him as his tongue swirled around my throbbing clit and darted in and out of my steaming pussy. 

I placed one hand on the back of the sofa to brace myself and my other on the back of his sexy bald head, praying that he would continue and grant me the sweet release I so desperately needed. I was getting close and begged, Ethan, please don't stop, suck my clit baby, please don't stop. My prayers were answered as my entire body began to tremble and shake as the damn burst open and my pussy began to flow like a river all over his face and running down his chin.

He stood and scooped me up into his arms, carrying me with him over to the big easy chair. He eased back into the chair bringing me with him onto his lap. I turned to face him, straddling his lap. I could feel his arousal as he pulled me close. I could taste myself on his lips and his tongue and wanted to return the pleasure he had given me.

I slowly slid down his lap to the floor between his legs. I couldn't wait to taste him. Getting access to that glorious cock of his was no easy task either; police uniforms have way too many accessories! Finally, sensing my frustration, he helped me to undo his belt and release his throbbing manhood. 

Slowly I swirled my tongue around the head of his cock, tasting and teasing as I took the length of him deep down my throat. I started slowly at first. I wrapped my left hand around the base of his shaft, gently but firmly stroking him up and down with a twisting motion, while my right had caressed his balls. I started to pick up my pace and felt him start to tense. 

As I tightened my grip around the base of his cock he let out a gentle groan and told me that he wasn't sure he liked my timing. I gently chuckled and promised him that his release would be well worth the wait. I wanted to feel him inside of me and told him so.

That was all he needed to hear. He swiftly lifted me from my knees and turned me around, bending me over the arm of the chair in one swift motion. Before I was sure I had my balance I could feel that magnificent cock pressing against the lips of my pussy. As he teased the lips of my pussy he began caressing my ass with his hands, caressing my backside and gently teasing my rosebud. He inserted one of his fingers, and as I tried to relax to accept it, began sliding it in and out.

I couldn't control the sensations or myself any longer and thrust my hips back, impaling myself on him. He sensed my urgency and began slamming in and out of my pussy, harder and faster with each and every stroke. Having both of my holes filled was creating new sensations I'd never felt before. 

I was moaning and yelling uncontrollably, begging him to keep fucking me. My entire being tensed and then I began to tremble as my body was racked with the most mind-blowing orgasm of my life. I had heard of seeing stars, but until then I'd always thought it was just an expression or figure of speech. This man's cock inside of me was like a drug; I didn't think I'd ever get enough of it. 

I felt him lose control as he let out a guttural moan and his seed released inside of me. We stayed like that for a few moments. I relished the afterglow and the feel of him throbbing inside of me. As he slid out from inside of me he helped me to stand and turn to face him. Once again he took me in his arms and kissed me passionately.

He stepped back took my hand, leading me towards the bedroom, suggesting we take a little rest. He scooped me up into his arms and gently laid me on the bed, crawling in behind me. We both drifted off to sleep quickly, but were awakened almost immediately by a call on his radio.

We both sprung from bed, dressed hastily and departed after one more brief, but passionate kiss. As I watched him pull away I thought of my newfound appreciation for traffic stops.