 Please vote and leave feedback as this is my first submission. Thanks, and enjoy!



"Ding dong," I ring the doorbell at precisely 9:00. Usually, one of the kids is bounding down the hallway to the door to greet me but I know that he has probably already had them go to bed. I usually nanny for him only during the week, but he called me earlier today saying he needed me urgently as he had been called away on business. I would be staying at his house for a whole week, taking care of everything in his absence. After ringing the doorbell a second time and realizing he's not coming, I use my key and let myself in, setting my bags down just inside the door.

"Hello? Mr. Wright, it's me, Jackie." I walk down the hallway and can't help but think how different the house looks at night. I'm usually only here during the day while he's at work. I wander through the unfamiliar seeming house and notice that the light is on in the study and the door is halfway open. I walk up to the doorway and gently knock on the door, pushing it open a little more. I see Mr. Wright sitting behind his desk, typing frantically on his computer. "Hi Mr. Wright. I let myself in, hope that's alright." 

"That's the whole reason I gave you a key." He smiles big and I'm reminded of one of the reasons I enjoy working for him so much. His smile is absolutely infectious. Even on my worst day, it can make me feel better. I flashback to the day when my boyfriend came over while I was working. It was a nice surprise, until he told me that he wanted to see other people. The rest of the day I was a wreck, and Mr. Wright could tell as soon as he got home from work. I didn't want to tell him at first, but I feel so comfortable with him that we ended up talking about the whole thing. He ordered Chinese that night and invited me to stay for dinner. After the kids were in bed, we talked a little more and after everything, I look back at that day as a happy one. 

"And how many times do I have to ask you to call me John?" His voice snaps me back to reality and I blush, thinking somehow he knows what I was thinking about.

"I'm sorry, John. Old habits, right?"

"I suppose" he says. He looks back to the computer monitor and turns it ever so slightly away from me, possibly wondering if I could see what he was working on. "I'm just finishing up some business before I head to the airport. Go ahead and get yourself set up in the guest room and I'll let you know when I'm taking off." 

"Sounds good," I say before I turn and walk back down the hallway to get my bags. I head upstairs to the guest bedroom, where I've slept many a night, but never had to occupy for as long as a week before. It feels weird putting so many clothes into the dresser. 

After about 10 minutes, John comes upstairs with his jacket on. He explains that he wrote down the phone number to the hotel he'll be staying at in Portland just in case I can't reach him on his cell phone. He also gives me an envelope with some money for daily expenses and a copy of the kids' schedules – like I don't have that memorized by now. 

"Thanks again for doing this on such short notice. I hope it didn't rearrange your life too much."

"What life?" I say, smiling. We hear his cab honking outside and wrap up our goodbyes. After he leaves, the house seems so big and quiet. I'm far from tired, and go downstairs to flip on the TV. After about a half hour of flipping through and finding nothing I really want to watch, I go to the study and turn on the monitor. John has made it a point to tell me to make myself at home and lets me use his computer ever since my laptop died on me. 

The screen is still up on whatever he was working on, which appears to be a word document of some kind. I just minimize the screen, not wanting to mess up or close anything he was doing. I quickly get bored of my usually Facebook and email activities. My mind goes back to how he turned the monitor away from me, and I become very curious about whatever he was working on when I showed up. I don't know why, as I've never violated his privacy before, but I bring up the screen I had minimized before. I start to scan a few lines and realize it's a story of some sort, and I wonder if it really could be business related. He works in public relations, so I suppose it might be somehow. I scan the page a little more and stop when one word catches my eye: Nanny. The paragraph I'm looking at seems to be describing someone. As I read a little more, certain lines jump out at me. "At 22, she is a beautiful woman, and her smile is absolutely captivating. Her jet black hair and light skin leave an alluring impression." And most intriguing yet, "She normally dresses very conservatively, but occasionally will wear a low cut shirt, revealing plenty of her ample breasts."

I sit back, wondering what it is that I'm reading. Then it hits me as I read more of the description. He seems to be describing not just a nanny, but his nanny. He's describing me, and doing it quite candidly. My mind races the gamut of emotions from flattery to anger, then finally rests on confusion. I decide I need to read the whole of the story for it to make any sense. I get up and go to the kitchen to grab a beer out of the fridge before settling in for what I hope is a revealing read. I scroll to the top and take note of the title, prominently displayed at the top of the page, before I start to read.



