 The light streams through a crack in the blinds and I roll over and check the clock. I have only a few moments to lie quietly in bed before the alarm will go off and I will have to get the kids going and off to school. I wonder if he's discovered yet the story I wrote for him last night. I wonder if he played with himself while reading it. I close my eyes to visualize what I hope happened and see him lying on the bed in his hotel room, his laptop open in front of him, the glow of the screen illuminating the rise and fall of the sheets as he touches himself.

BEEP BEEP! My alarm clock pulls me back to reality just as I start to feel my wetness build. I guess that thought will have to wait. I quickly shower and dress, then do the rest of my morning duties, ending with seeing the kids onto the bus to school.

I decide that I'm not going to check his story folder yet. I have some errands to run for myself before I get all worked up again. I hop into my car and head toward downtown as I try to remember where I had seen an adult book/toy store while driving through a few months ago. It takes a few wrong turns, but finally I pull into the parking lot of a nicer, upscale looking adult store.

I get out of my car, and realize how nervous I am as I start to walk toward the door. The few times I've been to places like this, I was never really comfortable. It always seemed weird to me that the other people in the store know what I'm going to be doing later when I buy a toy. I'm thankful that today, there are only a few cars in the parking lot.

I push open the door and find a middle-aged woman behind the counter who smiles at me politely as I walk past. I navigate my way through the store and find a few toys that intrigue me. One is a purple vibrator with a rotating head and the beads that swirl around the shaft. One of my best friends swore by this type of toy. I have always just stuck with external stimulation, but decided that I may as well go for broke and I snatch it from the shelf.

I wander past all sorts of toys, imagining how Mr. Wright and I would use them. There are a lot of bondage toys and my mind returns to my story where I tied him up and blindfolded him. I wonder if he has ever actually done that before.

I then find myself at a section full of anal toys. My ex and I used to dabble in ass play, and I enjoyed the occasional plug up my butt, but I've never used one since him; and never by myself. "Go for broke, right?" I think to myself. I grab one of the smaller ones and a small bottle of lube. Satisfied with my selection, I head toward the register.

I notice the assortment of clothes and outfits of to the side of the register. One in particular catches my eye. It's a pink pleated mini-skirt with matching garter belt, just like the one in my story. It looks exactly how I envisioned it while I was writing. I run my fingers over the pleats on the skirt and wonder if I would be bold enough to actually wear something like that ... for him.  "Wanna try it on, hun?" I turn and see the woman looking at me for an answer. "You'd look amazing in it."

"Yes." My voice cracks as I try to speak the word. "Yes, I would. Thank you." She shows me to the fitting room and I slip inside and close the door. I excitedly take off my pants and slip the skirt up over my legs. The panties I put on this morning are relatively boring and don't match the sexiness of the skirt. I slide them off and throw them aside as I turn to look at myself in the mirror. I check the back out and can see the bottom on my ass cheeks peeking out below the bottom of the short skirt. It's exactly as I pictured it and I feel myself getting aroused as I imagine wearing it for him.

I decide to allow myself a quick moment of pleasure and slide my fingers down to caress my pussy lips. I'm incredibly turned on and feel bolts of lightning shoot through my skin. Not being able to stop myself, I bring my fingers to my mouth and taste my sweet juice. Returning my fingers to their spot underneath my skirt, I rub more quickly and find myself about to explode. I close my eyes as I continue to masturbate, turned on more because I'm doing it in such a public place.

I imagine my boss, my fantasy, standing over me. He pulls out his cock and I quickly take it in my mouth. He runs his fingers through my hair as I start to suck hard. My fingers are working their magic quickly as I picture him start to thrust into my mouth. My pussy is absolutely dripping onto my fingers as I massage and pinch my clit. I imagine his cock pulsing in my mouth as he starts to cum. My own orgasm catches me off guard and I have to brace myself against the wall of the fitting room as I struggle not to collapse. The feeling of ecstasy washes through me, shutting down my thought processes as I shudder and try not to moan too loudly.

I open my eyes, suddenly aware and embarrassed by what I have just done. I'm amazed I was able to make myself cum so quickly. I hurry to get dressed again and exit the fitting room, hoping I didn't take too much time trying it on. I quickly set my new toys and the skirt on the counter to purchase them. I can't make eye contact with the woman and I'm afraid my face is flushed and will give me away.

"Told you that you'd look amazing in it." I glace up to see the woman smiling and I can't help but smile back. "Anything else today, sweetie?"

"Yes, actually." I'm so nervous talking to her after what I've just done, but I need one more thing to complete the outfit. "I need a pair of um..." I can't believe how nervous I am. "...stockings."

"Any particular kind?" she asks nicely.

"Yes. Black fishnets."

She smiles and walks to a shelf to retrieve a pair of stockings for me. After ringing it all up and putting it in a bag for me, she hands me my receipt. "Thanks for coming in, hun. Hope you had fun!"

I look at her, caught off guard, wondering if she knows what private and intimate act I just performed on myself in her store. "Thanks." I say as I grab my bag and rush out of the store.

On the car ride home, I think about what I just did. I'm both embarrassed and proud of myself for allowing what I consider to be my sexual growth to happen. I'm amazed that discovering this fantasy of his has opened me up to new experiences so much. After deciding that I didn't bring any panties I would want to be seen in, I make one more stop before heading back to the house.

I settle into the chair in front of the computer and my heart races. I open the folder that his story and mine were saved to, hoping to see a new one for me. My heart drops as I see there is nothing new there. I wonder if he hasn't found my story yet, or if he is too shocked or embarrassed to write back. Worse yet, what if he's mad? I decide that worrying about it won't do any good as I'm clearly past the point of no return. I double click on my story to him, realizing that I never actually re-read through it after I finished it.

I start reading and don't make it more than the first few paragraphs before I start to get horny. I remember my new purchases and run to get them, excited to try them out. I take them both out of the packaging and give them a good soapy wash and bring them and the lube into the office. A thought hits me and I go to grab my phone. I set the toys up on the desk and snap a picture with the camera on my phone.

I connect my phone to the computer and download the picture to the folder with the stories in it. I name the picture "purchased today for you." I figure if that doesn't get a response from him, nothing will. I turn back to my story and slide a finger down to feel the familiar heat building between my legs. I slide a finger deep inside as I read the words I wrote for my boss, just last night. I keep my finger buried deep inside myself and move around just the tip of it, exploring my deepest spots.

I'm about to make myself cum for the second time today, when a box opens on the computer screen. One word appears inside the box, "Synching." When the box disappears, I minimize the story and see a new word document labeled "read me" in the folder. I steady myself as I open it. It reads:

 You've been a very naughty girl. How dare you invade my privacy by snooping on my computer? I don't even know if I could come up with a punishment suitable for this betrayal of trust. -JW Sir, I meant no disrespect to you. I apologize if this is not what you want. However, if this is what you want, I feel confident that you could devise a suitable punishment. I will do anything. Awaiting your reply, -JS I'll see if I can come up with something that I feel fits the crime. You will go about your day and await my instructions, which will come at exactly noon, your time. I need to know that you are going to follow my directions precisely. For now, you are not allowed to touch yourself in anyway. Not with fingers, and absolutely not with those new toys you bought. Am I understood? -JW Sir, I understand and will do as you ask. Awaiting your instructions, -JS I'm glad you have accepted the terms and agree to do exactly as I ask. These instructions are written in multiple parts, and each will end with telling you when to read the next one. You are not to read ahead. You will need to email these instructions to your phone as you will be leaving the house to complete them. -JW #1. Change into a skirt. If you did not bring a skirt, you will have to buy one. Pack your purse with both of your new toys and some lube. If you do not have any lube, there is some in my nightstand you can bring with you. Once you are dressed and packed, I need you to go to the grocery store for me. Once there, proceed to the bathroom. Only then, read your next step. #2. Pull your panties down and sit down on the toilet. Take the lube and butt plug out of your purse. Apply a generous amount of lube to your toy, and push it against your asshole. Rub it up and down slightly, feeling your ass tense every time the toy touches the center of your button. You are not yet allowed to touch your pussy. When you are ready, slowly press the plug into your ass until it settles inside you. Take a moment to adjust to the feeling before putting your panties back on and leaving the bathroom. Read on to #3 when you are in the produce section. #3. The first thing on my grocery list is 2 cucumbers. I need you to make sure that they are firm. As you look through them, pick them up one by one and stroke them up and down, testing for firmness. As you do this, close your eyes and imaging that it's my cock you're touching. Imagine that you can feel it pulse. Imagine you hear me moaning your name while you squeeze my cock. Feel the tightness in your ass caused by the invasion of your new toy while you pretend to fondle my cock. You are not allowed to move onto the meat department until you have thoroughly soaked your panties. Read #4 at the meat counter. #4. Walk along the glass case, stopping to bend over and look at every piece of meat in it. Make sure you bend at the waist and show off that sexy body of yours. I want you to do this until you draw someone's attention. It will most likely be a man. Once you've caught his eye, bend over as far as you can to look in the case, then look over at him and smile. He will undoubtedly smile back. When he does, walk over to him and make him aware of the toy you have stored deep inside your ass. Do this however you see fit. Then, purchase two T-bone steaks and make your way to the coffee shop in the corner. Order a coffee and sit at a table in the back corner. Then read #5.