 She shut the door immediately upon entering the bathroom not wanting the steam to escape: The candles lined the tub, and flickered but gave off little light through the mist. The aroma of patchouli and musk wafted through the small space. She stripped off her clothes and tested the bath water with her foot...it was barely tolerable and the way she liked it. She stepped in and lowered herself into the water: The heat burning her flesh. The bubbles encompassed her as she slowly immersed her body. 

As she slid into the water she raised her feet to the showerhead wall, sliding her feet up as she slid down; her legs stretching out before her. The only part of her torso that was visible was her breasts, which the bubbles seemed to avoid with knowing. She adjusted to the heat and relaxed. Breathing deeply she shut her eyes. 

Her mind floated away into thought as her hands slipped between her legs. With two fingers she pushed the soft folds of her pussy apart and with the other hand began slow, rhythmic circles around her clit. 

...And then came the intrusion.

The man's voice was low, and deep and, demanding...He spoke slowly and with purpose.

"Tell me," he asked, "What would you do for me?"

As he spoke another man entered the bathroom and stepped towards the tub. He leaned over and pushed the stopper down to let the water run out. She looked at both wanting them but frightened at the intensity of her desire. She said nothing as both men entered the small space: The one that had spoken took his place in front while the second man to her back...Hands reached out and began to touch her. 

Without objection she let them work, and once again she heard him question her...

Softly he asked, "What would you do for me?"

As he said this they closed around her: The man in front lifted her face and kissed her deeply, his tongue playing in her mouth. The one behind pushed his cock between her legs and with slow thrusts rubbed her clit with each stroke...and then both cocks were between her legs. She tightened her thighs snuggly around them as she felt the friction against her pussy and each other. She could see them in her mind...the cocks rubbing up against each other as they fucked her like this...wet and hard; Grinding at each other...This vision pushed her orgasm into bursts. She almost buckled under the force of it but the men held her in place. 

She went limp as they continued.

Both entered her simultaneously, one into her cunt and the other into her ass. She rocked back and forth at the force from the pressure of this intrusion and came again...and again. She cried out as they began to ram her. She reached for the man in front of her to hold her balance as she came again. 

"FUCK ME!" she almost screamed.

At this they both stopped. The man in front turned on the shower looking at her with a slight smile on his face.

"Tell me," he asked, 'what would you do for ME?" 

As he said this he pushed her gently down into a kneeling position and directed her to turn so that her side was to both men.

They leaned into her bringing their cocks to her mouth. Hungrily she tasted each...grabbing both shafts she pulled them closer until the heads touched...she brought both into her mouth, flicking her tongue she could taste the cum wanting to be released... Her clit began to pulse again with need. 

She brought the man who had spoken fully into her mouth...running her lips over the length of his shaft: Giving him all her attention she drew her tongue over his cock and brought him deep into her throat. He pulled out of her allowing the other man access...and then he began to massage himself inches from her working mouth. 

As she sucked the other man he asked her again...

"What would you do for me?"

It was then that the man who had not spoken...spoke.

"I'm going to cum," he grunted as he thrust his cock into her throat. . 

She felt his release and vibrations as the other also came. His cum shooting on to her lips and dripping down over the exposed shaft of the other mans cock...she came again at the thought of this power. 

Her skin burned from the water and she sighed deeply: Her cunt still throbbing with need. She pulled her hand away and mumbled "fuck it."

As she lowered herself back into the water she heard the echoing...

"What would you do for me?"

She closed her eyes and before immersing her head in the steaming water whispered softly "anything."