 Sitting at the kitchen table, I re-read John's text for what seems like the hundredth time. It's 2pm now and he'll be at the airport in only two hours. I have to pick him up and have no obligations for the rest of the day or tomorrow. Thinking about the fact that I don't have to pick up the kids from school, I grab a beer out of the fridge and pop it open. I try to control my breathing and my pulse as I take a long sip of the cold liquid. I close my eyes and think about just how much has happened in the past 4 days. 

I started the week naively unaware of the fact that the man that I nanny for; my boss, had any feelings or desires for me at all. Finding out that he had secretly thought and fantasized about me was only the beginning. I then found out just how strongly he thought about me and just how twisted his imagination and sexual desires were. He has brought me to such a sexual awakening in just a few short days that I can't even remember my life a week ago. 

As I take another sip of my beer, I think about how I wouldn't go back to my old life for anything. I wonder what would have happened if I would have let my mind wander toward him long ago. I don't even realize how long my mind has been wandering when my phone buzzes and knocks me out of my daydream. I look down and see the text from John.

I'm sitting on my final plane waiting to take off. I can't wait to see you in person after the crazy week that we've had. See you soon, my special, beautiful nanny.

I finish off the rest of my beer as I try hard to wrap my head around what the rest of the day is going to look like. I have to leave in less than a few hours to get him from the airport and the house needs a lot of attention before then. I spend the next hour doing a quick clean of the house, picking up garbage, making beds and putting all of my personal belongings together. As I organize all of my things, I come across the pink pleated skirt that I bought for him and I instantly know that this needs to be the skirt he removes from me tonight. 

I head up to the bathroom to hop in the shower before I need to leave. The shower has always been a relaxing retreat from the stresses of my day, and this one was no different. For some reason, I can always shut out my mind to what is bothering me and just focus on the sensation of the warm water cascading over my body. I wash my body and hair, and then close my eyes and just let the warmth take me away. I finally step out of the shower feeling more relaxed and refreshed than I have all week. I make sure to take plenty of time putting on makeup and styling my hair, knowing that I need to look my best for my boss. 

When I'm done, I look in the mirror and see a different person than I was used to seeing. It's not because of the makeup or my hair, but I realize that I'm carrying myself differently, more confidently. I know that I have this week to thank for that; I have Mr. Wright to thank for that.

I grab my purse and hop in the car. The airport is only a 20 minute drive from the house and I realize as I pull into short-term parking just how close I am to seeing him again. My pulse races as I enter the airport and head to baggage claim. I find the luggage carousel that his flight is assigned to and sit down to wait. His flight should have landed a few minutes ago and I find myself trying to will the carousel to start, knowing that will mean he's almost here. After staring at it for a few minutes, it starts to rotate and luggage starts to fall onto it. I look around as people start to enter the room. Finally, I see him coming through the sliding doors on the other side of the room. 

He's wearing a light gray suit and is carrying his laptop case over his shoulder. He looks better than he should be allowed to look after being on two consecutive flights. My heart races as he makes eye contact with me and for a split second I feel like running. I feel like I've gotten in over my head and can't live up to the expectations he's set in his mind. My body is stiff and my mind is yelling at me to turn around and run but my legs are frozen in place as he walks toward me.

"Hello," he says as he puts his arms around me and hugs me tight. My entire body softens with his touch. His arms wrap around me tightly and I put mine around his neck, surrendering to his embrace. He lifts me gently off the floor and I catch a breath in my throat. He sets me down and pulls away and our eyes lock again. I anticipate a kiss, but am more than willing to settle for his beautiful eyes. I have to remind myself to breath as I see the fire burning behind them.

"Hello, sir. I hope your flight was uneventful," I manage to say in a cracked voice.

"It was. My mind was preoccupied the whole time so it went by fast," he replied. His voice affects me in a way that it never did before this week. I am standing in front of him but am completely melted at the same time.

The butterflies in my stomach make it hard to talk. Luckily, he spots his luggage on the carousel and dashes over to grab it. I exhale loudly as he walks away and I wonder how I will be able to do this. 

"Lead the way", he says. I turn around and head toward the parking ramp. He walks only slightly behind me and places a hand on the small of my back as we embark on what I'm sure will be an incredible adventure. When we get to the car I pop the truck and he puts his bags in. We get into the front seat and close our doors at the same time. I look straight ahead, worried that if I turn to him I will melt against the seat. After what seems like an eternity of silence, I look over at him to see that he has his body turned toward me and again I see the fire in his eyes. 

This time he doesn't waste the opportunity and he moves quickly toward me. I feel his hand on my cheek a split second before his lips touch mine. His hand holds my face as his lips push hard against me. His other hand traces a line down my neck and hovers right above my breast. I long for him to touch me, to take me, to make me his. Instead, he pulls away and I hear a small whimper escape my mouth the moment he does. His face is still right against mine and his fingers stroke my cheek. I can feel his breath on my face and the butterflies are now going crazy. 

He pulls away slowly and buckles his seatbelt. "Sorry, I couldn't resist." 

"It's ok, sir," I say. "I'm glad you couldn't."

I start the car and drive toward his house. The short drive is quiet; almost awkwardly quiet. Occasionally we look at each other, but it seems that we're unsure how to act or what to talk about. He does however put his hand on my knee and I unsuccessfully tried to hide my smile. We pull up at his house and get out of the car. I look around, worried that he will have nosy neighbors. Seeing no one else outside, I breathe a sigh of relief.

Inside the house, he puts his bags down and kicks his shoes off. "I'm going to take a quick shower. Grab us both a beer, would you?" He smiles at me and I feel my worries fading away.

In the kitchen, I grab two beers and try to wrap my head around this situation. I can't believe I'm about to do what I've been fantasizing about all week. I close my eyes and take a deep breath, realizing that I need to step up my game and commit to this thing. I quickly head to the guest room where I left my things and grab the outfit that I planned for today. I decided to replicate my first story to him as much as I could, so my outfit consists of the pink pleated mini skirt, fishnet stockings and sleeves, and my pink bra.

I hear the shower running down the hall as I struggle to get my things on quickly. I fix my hair in the mirror and wish that I had time to do my makeup more meticulously. I quietly enter his room and realize that he left the door between the bedroom and bathroom open. Steam is pouring into the room and I can hear him as he showers. Knowing that he is naked with no wall between us is starting to make me wet as I sit down on the bed quietly. I change my position dozens of times, trying to figure out what he'll like the best. Hearing the shower turn off startles me and I freeze, my legs crossed on the bed, leaning back slightly. After what seems like hours but is surely only minutes, he walks into the doorway with a towel wrapped around his waist. 

He stops short when he sees me sitting on his bed. I feel like I startle him at first, but he quickly gains his composure as a smile creeps across his mouth. I look at his body in awe and wonder at how much sexier he looks than any boy my age that I've been with. His body is still shining with moisture from the shower as I look him up and down. His shoulders are wide and strong, leading down to his well-defined chest and arms. His flat stomach has a faint trail of hair going down beneath the towel and I wonder what it looks like further down.

I look up his body until our eyes meet again. "Hello again, Jackie," he says. "I've missed you since I've been away."

"I've missed you too, sir. I've been thinking a lot about you this week."

"You don't say. Well there's something we've got in common then." He moves toward the bed until he's standing inches from me. He takes my hands and stands me up. My bra brushes against his stomach and chest as I stand. Still holding my hands, he moves in and kisses my neck. My head instinctively falls back as his lips and tongue explore my neck. He kisses down one side to the bottom, across my neck bone and up the other side. I can feel every inch of my body yearn for more of his touch and I know this is going to be an amazing night. 

I free my hands from his and wrap them around his neck as he continues to kiss and nibble on my neck and ears. As his teeth scrape across my ear, I hear him whisper, "I've wanted this for so long. I've wanted you for so long."

My reply is "I'm here to give myself to you, sir. Entirely and completely, I'm yours."

That is all the motivation he needs. He lowers his strong shoulders and picks me up under my ass. I wrap my legs around his waist as he kisses me powerfully. It is now that I feel how wet my pussy is already. His tongue pushes into my mouth and presses against mine. He drops me down so that I'm lying on my back on the bed with my legs dangling off the edge. Standing over me, his strong hands find my breasts and rip my bra open. I'm far too turned on at this point to care about the fact that he's destroyed an expensive bra. He looks down at me as my chest rises and lowers with my heavy breathing. He drops his head to me and his mouth quickly finds my nipple. I run my fingers through his hair and pull him tighter against my body while he expertly sucks and licks on one and then the other nipple until my pussy feels like it's going to drown in its own juices.

His hands grab my ass as his tongue traces circles around my sensitive nipples. Slowly, teasingly, he lowers his head and kisses below my breasts and then my belly button, then further down still. I'm still wearing my skirt but because I have no panties on, he easily lowers his head to find the most delicate part of my body. 

He places his mouth over my aching pussy and savors the taste of it before starting the long, slow licks up and down its length. My back immediately and uncontrollably arches against the bed when his tongue touches my most receptive spot. I can already feel my clit throbbing after only a few licks and I start to moan and groan loudly. His hands powerfully squeeze and massage my ass while he buries his face between my legs.

My hands run through his hair and I can't help but pull his face hard against my pussy while he licks and sucks on it. I lift my legs up off the ground to give him better access. "Oh god, sir that feels so good. I hope licking your nanny's pussy is everything you dreamed it would be." My words seem to motivate him even more and he licks deep inside me as I struggle to control my body on the bed. "Sir, you're going to make me cum. Would you like me to cum?"

He lifts his head above my skirt and replaces his mouth with his fingers. They slide deep inside me and I gasp in pleasure as he kisses me, letting me taste myself on his lips. "Yes Jackie, I would like you to cum."

He doesn't waste any time getting his face back between my thighs and I grab his hair again and pull him hard against me. I feel his tongue spreading my lips and dipping deep inside me. I start to feel my orgasm ascend through my body and I take one hand from his head and frantically grasp against the bed hard as I scream "Oh yes, Mr. Wright! Make me cum!" His tongue is working feverishly now against my clit and he is grabbing my ass tightly and lifting me off the bed hard against his face.

I lift my body off the bed and push against his face hard as my pussy starts throbbing. His tongue flicks my clit quickly as the first wave of orgasm rocks my body. My body convulses with wave after wave of unadulterated pleasure and he doesn't let up even a little on his assault. His hands leave my ass and work up my body to pinch and tease my nipples while he uses his mouth to make me cum harder than I've ever cum before. 

Finally, his mouth leaves my pussy and he kisses down each of my thighs before coming back up my body and lying on top of me. I attempt to catch my breath and it seems like he is just as winded as I am. He rolls over slightly and I follow so that my chest is partially on top of his and my fishnet sleeve is draped over him. "No one has ever made me feel like that before, Mr. Wright. I don't know what to say."

"You don't have to say anything. Believe me, it's something I've had too many dreams about."

"Well, I've had multiple dreams about it too, but they've all been in the last few days," I laugh. "I haven't been able to stop thinking about you."

This is the first time my hands have been on his body and I trace a line from his neck down to his chest, circling both nipples. I admire his chest and take in how defined his body really is. My hand moves farther down and I realize he's still wearing his towel, although now something is causing a bulge in it. I untuck the corner of his towel that is keeping it up and place my hand under the flap. I lean over to kiss his neck as my hand slowly moves under the towel. I feel the trace of hair that I spotted earlier and follow it down to the source of the bulge. 

When my hand first brushes against his cock, he closes his eyes and moans gently. I move my hand around underneath it so that I can grab it better and realize that I'm now touching the object that has become my desire over the past week. I move it underneath and squeeze gently on his balls while I move my head down to kiss his chest. My tongue finds his nipple and I nibble on it gently. My hand circles the base of his cock and I slowly slide it up the length of it. I hear another moan leave his lips as my fingers reach the top and massage it.

I can feel a large drop of precum that formed at the tip of his cock and I rub it down along his shaft. Even though I still can't see it, his cock feels so big in my hand. As my hand runs up and down, gently stroking him, I try to map out every vein and the way it curves. I stare at the bulge under the towel as my hand rises and falls with my fingers wrapped around him. He reaches down and grabs one corner of the towel, slowly pulling it away as if to tease me. 

As the towel falls away, his cock comes into view and I lay my head on his stomach to get a good look at it. It's bigger than any I've ever touched and I continue to stroke it slowly, watching how the skin folds back as my hand moves up and down the length of him. "It's beautiful," I say.

"YOU'RE beautiful," is his response.

Keeping a firm grip on it, I lower my head more until I can place a kiss on the very tip of his cock. I let my lips linger there while still moving my hand up and down. My tongue circles around the head of his cock and he moans a little louder. I open my lips a little wider and take more of the head in my mouth as my hand continues to clutch him. I make sure to hold my lips tight as they slide farther and farther down his cock. I keep going down more, allowing my tongue to explore every side of it until my lips touch my hand at the base of his cock.

I open my eyes and am amazed that I was able to take it all in my mouth. I move my hand to give myself room to try and take the last little bit of him in. Slowly, I lower my mouth against him even more until he is entirely inside me. I rest my lips there while my tongue still moves against it. I squeeze and massage his balls with one hand and scrape my nails against his thighs with my other.

He is moaning and groaning louder now and I start to raise my mouth on his cock. When I reach the top, I take it out of my mouth and lick around the head more. I lick up and down each side of his beautiful cock until I feel like I've teased enough. I wrap my lips around it and lower my head to take him in again. I start moving my head up and down faster on his cock now and he starts to almost imperceptibly thrust his hips up to meet my mouth. 

Moving my tongue faster and faster, I can feel his cock start to pulse and throb inside my mouth. His hands are now running through my hair and he is starting to take more control away from me. He pushes my head down a little farther every time and eventually I give up control and let him do what he wants with my mouth. He thrusts his hips up against my mouth while he pushes my head down on his cock. He is doing it gently; almost too gently. I find myself wanting him to take every ounce of control away from me and truly making me his. 

I push up against his hand and pull my mouth off of his cock. I continue to stroke his cock and after regaining my breath, I look up at him to say "Sir, I want you to understand that I am yours. Truly and completely yours. I want to do whatever makes you happy."

I see the fire in his eyes intensify even more as he realizes how obedient I want to be for him. "Then stand up." I let go of his cock and stand up facing him. He stands up and moves behind me, turning me around to face the bed. He grabs my wrists and holds them together behind my back. "Are you sure?"

"Yes, sir."

He pushes me over while still holding on to my wrists with one hand. I fall onto the bed and feel his body against my back. He lies against me while he moves my skirt out of the way and touches me. My pussy is even wetter than it was when his face was between my legs and I feel his cock find its way between my thighs and press against it. "Is this what you want? You want me to fuck you?"

"Yes Mr. Wright. Please fuck me!"

Before I'm even done saying it, his cock is wet from my juices. I feel it press between my thighs and spread my pussy lips apart. As he pushes it farther into me, I'm amazed at how much bigger it feels even than it did in my mouth or my hand. I push back against his body, trying, aching to take more of him inside me. Finally, I feel his stomach press against my ass and I know that I have his entire cock inside my pussy. He lets it sit there for only a moment before starting to fuck me. He does it slowly at first while he takes his free hand around my body and grabs my breast. He pinches and pulls on my nipple as he moves his cock in and out of me faster. 

I moan louder, hoping to encourage him to fuck me faster. It seems to work and now he's thrusting deep and hard inside me. "Oh Jackie you feel so good. If you only knew how many times I touched myself thinking about doing this to you."

"Well you don't have to think about it anymore sir. I'm yours now."

He lets go of my wrists and I immediately reach down to touch my aching clit. I can feel it tremble under my fingers and know it won't be long until I cover his cock with my cum. He fucks me harder and harder until the sound of his body slamming into mine almost drowns out our moans. I scream loudly as my next orgasm shakes through my body and I can feel his cock tense up inside me. It grows harder and somehow feels even bigger as he moans loudly. He slaps my ass hard as I feel the first pulse of his orgasm. He pushes deep into me as his cock throbs and he starts to cum inside me. He spanks me again and again while we cum together. I can feel stream after stream of his warm cum fill my pussy and my orgasm seems to last for minutes. 
