 I don't know what it is about a man in uniform. Even as a plain security guard, black pants, white long sleeved shirt with patches sewn into the sleeves, I managed to get more respect when I wore my uniform to a store or into a gas station, then I did in my normal blue jeans and sweatshirt. I think the gold badge that proclaims me as a Sergeant possibly helps the illusion of looking like a member of the law enforcement community, and makes the women feel safe about my presence.

When I first arrived at this factory, they stationed me at the back gate on second shift. Besides being bored for the last six hours of the night, it passed fairly quickly. The first two hours, I spent waving at all the employees as they flew by the open gate, racing each other to see who could hit the stop light at the end of the driveway while it stayed green.

Most of the men would ignore me, as if it's too much of a hassle to take their hairy knuckles off the steering wheel and wave, let alone slow down. A lot of times, the women drove worse then the men. Not only would they drive by my open gate at breakneck speeds, but they would also have one hand to their ear as they lifted the other off the steering wheel and waved. I learned to move out of the way quickly.

A few women, and even a few men, would slow down to answer my constant salutation to have a good night. Sara was my favorite of them all. She would pull up slowly in her little white Geo Metro, both hands gripped tight to the wheel, her knuckles turning slightly white, as she seemed to force her hands not to move. Her long red hair framed the sea blue eyes that only enhanced her beauty and intelligence. 

Whenever she could, she would stop, her eyes darting between the rearview mirror and mine. They only had one exit gate for over 400 employees. No one liked to be stuck behind anyone. Every night, as she drove off, I would turn to watch her, catching the loving smile reflected out of her side mirror as I caught her looking at my snug pants.

The Friday before my promotion, no one was behind her when she left. With a soft voice that sounded like a morning songbird, she gave me her email address. The entire rest of the evening seemed to pass in a blur as we exchanged letters during the next six hours. 

By the time we were done, they eventually turned into erotic letters. She was different from most women I met, in fact -- she was heavily into S&M, something I never experienced. I think my wife is a little into that -- she does have a way of dominating me. At one point, Sara even called, fortunately, I earlier turned off the lights in the shack, so no one noticed the bulge I supported for the rest of the night.

Saturday came, and I sent her more erotic letters, mostly describing in detail what I would love to do with her. However, Sunday came, and I returned to an empty building that I had to walk at least every few hours.

As I was about to enter the elevator to hit the forth floor office space, I heard a noise behind me and a familiar voice. It was Sara. This was the first time I ever saw her standing up, and her height took me by surprise. For some reason, I didn't except her to be my height, maybe it was because of the low car she drove. Dressed only in tight jeans and a loose oversized tee shirt, she still managed to grab my attention.

She was standing out of range of the camera, but I went up to great her. As I approached, we both looked around for any prying eyes that may be hiding around the corner. But the thought of someone watching, or seeing us was beginning to get me aroused. Since she had told me earlier that she was more submissive, I took control right from the start. Forcing her against the wall, I held her wrists tight and kissed her hard, moving away as her lips parted so she could barley reach me.

"Give me pleasure, Dear." Without a word, she knelt down in front of me and unzipped my pants, reaching in with her thin fingers she took my massive cock in her mouth, teasing it gently with her tongue as she moaned with delight. Her scent was over powering, as was her touch. 

As we pulled apart, she just looked into my eyes, "I really loved those emails I read. I've been thinking of you all weekend!"

"So have I, been thinking of you." I replied.

"Hmm... Come here."

Before I could resist, not that I really wanted to, she grabbed my hand and pulled me with her, back the way I had come. 

We went through two double doors, into a part of the building I barely pass through. She took me back to one of the darkest corners in the room and pulled me to her. Our lips met again as her hands began pulling at my uniform.

"You know, I always got the impression that you were attracted to me. The way you always smiled at me. Your eyes gave you away," she said as her fingers began to move up and down my tie, going underneath and around it, slowly and sensuously. 

I looked into her eyes, she wasn't fooling around. Just the thought of what may happen was getting me hard. I swallowed as I noticed her eyes glance down at the bulge in my pants. "I am attracted to you. Very much so." I made the first move, hoping I wasn't reading her wrong.

I softly touched her chin and brought her lips to mine. The first kiss was gentle, her lips soft. Her taste, intoxicating. 

She wrapped her hand around my tie and pulled me to her again. This time our lips parted and our tongues met. Her hands went around my neck as we walked backwards and I pushed her against the wall. 

We parted for an instant and her hands fumbled at my pants. As she released the belt and zipper, they dropped to the floor with a thunk. 

I'll check the radio later, I thought as I started undressing her.

We tore at each other's clothing until naked; I pressed her against the wall. 

Reaching for my engorged manhood, she guided me it into her. 

Slowly at first, then our speed began to build.

I braced her against the wall as I pumped further into her, the sweat running into my eyes as I watched her body shake with the touch of me inside her. We came together and almost collapsed on the floor.

Our backs braced against the wall, as she eyed me like a starving tigress, hungrily. She moved, crawling in front of me as she bent over and took me in her mouth, her teeth slightly grazing the tender soft skin as her mouth stroked me. 

Soon I was hard again. Without saying a word, she stood up and turned around, bending over her desk. Bracing herself against the edge, she stood naked before me, her soft wetness calling to me. I didn't need an invitation and was behind her quickly, moving in and out of her body once again, my shaft glistening with the fluid of our lust again.

I could feel her throb against me as I pushed into her. Her orgasms were never ceasing. The faster I humped, the harder she came. I felt myself cum inside as her body shook.

When we were done I think we stayed that way for at least three minutes; her bent over the desk, me still inside her.

Finally, we moved and redressed. I left her with another passionate kiss before I opened the door.

Thirty minutes later, I had finished my walk. Regina didn't even realize I was gone very long.