 She watches the sun rise over the Great Pyramid of King Khufu from the balcony of their room. The air is still chill from the desert night. She’s wrapped in a silken sheet with a steaming cup of coffee in her hand. A tear rolls down her cheek as she thinks to herself, what a beautiful man he is and how much she truly loves him. She turns to look through the door and sees that he still sleeping soundlessly with the look of sublime serenity on his face. She sighs a deep sigh and returns to her thoughts sipping her coffee.

She is so absorbed in her thoughts that she doesn’t hear him walk up behind her. Slipping his hands around her waist and kissing her neck he tells her, "Good morning Love. How long have you been out here?" Without turning around she whispers to him, "Good morning Sweetie. Not long, I guess for about an hour. I was watching the sunrise. I didn't want to wake you, you were sleeping so peacefully." "I missed you, and it woke me." He turns her towards him and says, "Hun, you're freezing come inside please." "I love the way you worry about me Giuliano, but really I'm fine." she looks down and giggles, "Oh Hun you seem to be the one who is a bit chilled." she takes his hand and leads him back inside.

She wraps him in her sheet, and his bare skin is quite chilled against her. He shudders with a chill. "I didn't realize how chilly it was out there. I was taken with the beautiful site of you. The breeze blowing through your hair. The serene look in your eyes. You looked like a goddess wrapped in that sheet." "Thank you Giuliano." She kisses his lips softly. He wraps them tighter in the sheet and their nakedness is pressed together like they are one body.

He kisses her forehead sweetly. She tilts her face to look at him, and he kisses her lips tenderly. She moans softly. "You taste so sweet to me." He smiles down at her, and kisses her more passionately. She surrenders to him completely as she returns his kiss. Their lips part and their tongues touch sending a bolt of passion through them both. Their tongues swirl around one another's as they become more feverish in their passion.

She slips her arms around his neck and he slides his around her waist down to her rear. He begins to caress her ass as he lets the sheet fall to the floor. The warmth of the early morning sun comes through the door and shines brightly on their love.

He gently pushes her hips against his and kisses her more deeply as he moans softly with the pleasure her body and kisses give him. He holds her closer to him and she melts into him completely. Their passion over takes them and they have no desire to get back to the bed. He lowers them slowly to the floor, and their lips never part. He lays her gently on the floor, she spreads her legs as he positions himself between them. He gently lays atop her looking deeply and passionately in her eyes.

He presses his inflamed lips upon hers and pierces her lips with his tongue. He darts his tongue in and out of her mouth and with a deep heated moan he grinds harder into her. She returns kiss for kiss and grind for grind, moaning as deeply and loudly as he. Their arms lock each other in an intense hold. Their breathing becomes crazed as their passion rises uncontrollably. Their hearts beat furiously. Their hands race across one another's bodies caressing madly as they search out intimate parts. Their hunger for each other rages out of control, they can no longer hold back. She reaches for his love and inserst it into her cavern of love that awaits him hot and moist. He pierces the walls of her love with one swift thrust, and they both groan with desire that the loving penetration brings.

Their love making is fast and ferocious as they absorb each other's passion. He is fucking her at such a pace that her whole body shakes with the power of his thrusts. She arches her back deeply to take him in even deeper. She throws her legs up and he catches them with his forearms. They both gasp they feel him enter her more deeply. They are thrusting and bucking with all their strength. His sweat begins to bead and drops on her breasts taking her hunger for him to higher sites. They both sense each other's sexual tension start to peak. They hold each other tighter digging in their fingers. There is no pain only divine pleasure. Her inner walls begin to pulsate with her powerful orgasm. Feeling this he releases his tension as he begins to throb within her. Screaming, gasping, and moaning their inflamed bodies explode into one powerfully heated orgasm.

In utter and complete exhaustion they can do nothing but collapse trying to regain their regular breathing and heart rates. Their passion subsides as they lay on the floor tangled in their sheet holding one another. Their minds link as they whisper to each other, "I love you." 

They lay in each other's arms as the warm desert breeze caresses them softly. They are in their dreamy place, a place were their passion is fully realized and they are calm. They are startled by the telephone, they both laugh as Giuliano scrambles to answer it. He replaces the receiver, turns to Sancia and says, "Sweetie that was our wake up call. Remember we're supposed to touring the pyramids this morning." She sighs deeply, for she only wants to lay with him all day and be lazy, as she replies, "Damn I forgot all about that, and we've already paid for the stupid tour. I just wanted to lay here and snuggle all day, but I guess we’d better get it together."

He helps her from the floor and pulls her close him. He kisses her forehead, spins her around, slaps her ass and says. "Go get in the shower, you stink." She grabs a pillow from the bed and throws it him, missing him entirely, as she giggles and runs off to the bathroom. As she’s running the water for the shower, he prances up behind her and grabs both butt cheeks squeezing them gently he whispers in her ear. "Nice ass. Too bad we have to go, or I'd give you some more right in it." "Giuliano, I swear you are the horniest thing I've ever known. Don't you ever get enough?" she laughs. "Never enough of you my love." she quickly kisses him and says thank you.

The water is just right, they step in together, and suds each other quickly. She washes his hair for him. She loves washing his hair it's so wonderfully full and thick. She blows suds in his face playfully and he rinses his hair. They quickly dry each other, and playfully chat while they do their individual grooming. They’re finally ready but before they leave for breakfast they hug tightly kissing each other warmly. Then they walk hand in hand to the restaurant eating a hardy breakfast before the tour. They are waiting with the other tourists as he has Sancia encircled in his strong arms. He reminds her of the great Pharaoh Ramses the Second. Who was strong and powerfully built as he is, and just as handsome. They chat happily with the other tourist as they are waiting for the tour bus. They get compliments from some of the other couples about how beautiful they look together, and how happy they seem. They smile at each other knowing the secret to their happiness, an overly healthy sex life.

Finally the tour bus arrives and they are on their way. As they are passing famous sites they secretly and discretely fondle one another. Giving each other sweet and tender little kisses. They get off the bus last so that his enormous erection can subside. They giggle like school children at their little secret. They follow the group hand in hand and ooh and aah with the rest of the group as they explore the wonders of the Great Pyramid of Khufu.

Sancia was looking in the opposite direction, suddenly she felt Giuliano gently tug her away. He pulls her into one of the chambers the group had just left. He pulls her to him and kisses her deeply, thrusting his tongue in and out of her mouth. After her initial surprise was over she responded in turn.

He slips his hand under her sundress slowly inching up her thigh, he finds her passion was already burning hot. He slips his hands in her thong and begins fingering her clit. She moans deeply with delight. She unzips his pants and heatedly removes his cock from his pants. She strokes him hard and fast. A moan comes from deep within him. He puts her hands around his neck and taking hold of her thighs he lifts her placing her on his rock hard cock. She tightly grips him with her legs as they begin grinding hard against each other. It was hot in this little chamber and the sweat from their passion begins to pore from them. They are breathing hard and fast as their thrusting and grinding becomes fierce. He gasps and hold her tighter to him. He tenses and she feels him begin to throb. She feels him spray the back of her pussy with his cream. He moans loudly, but not loudly enough for anyone to hear him but her. He relaxes and lowers her to the floor. 

As they are righting themselves, Sancia giggles. "Giuliano you are insatiable." He just winks at her and grabs her hand and they run to catch the rest of the group. No one misses them, but they did notice that they were both heated and flushed and asked if they were ok. Sancia answers them with a secretive yes. 

They continued the tour throughout the day. Secretly making love in many of the wonders of Egypt. By time they returned to their room they could do nothing but lay naked and sleep in each other's arms.

Her passion awakens her after a short while. She feels his maleness growing in his sleep and it was pressing against her. She slips her hand down to her pussy and felt that she responds in turn, she is slippery wet. She hears him moan in his sleep as she watches his peacefully beautiful face. The passion rising in her all the while.

She strokes his chest, but he didn’t stir. She slides her hand down his stomach and finds his erection waiting to be dealt with. She rolls her fingers around his rock hard shaft and begins to stroke him gently. Another moan escapes his lips as his eyes begin to flutter open with her touch. He awakens whispering to her. “Ohhhh Sancia that feels so good. Thank you for waking me.” She responds. “Hello my sweet. It was your friend here that awakened me.” He laughs a quiet laugh, and lays his head down again to enjoy the touch of her hand.

She’s stroking him harder and faster as he becomes more fully awake. He moans softly at her touch and writhes his hips at the pace of her hand. The pace becomes more vigorous they are both moaning with delight. He reaches over and grabs her breasts roughly and squeezes them hard. He then begins to roll her nipples between his fingers. Their breathing quickens and they gasp as the passion grows more powerful between them. He takes her nipples in his mouth and suckles them hard and she bucks against him.

Growing more impatient and completely consumed in her passion for him. She pulls him closer to her with all her might and whispers breathlessly in his ear. “Giuliano fuck me, fuck me hard.” He didn’t reply to her verbally, but quickly mounted her. Pinning her hands over her head with his strong muscular arms, and pressing his luscious lips roughly on hers, he takes her with one swift thrust filling her throbbing wet pussy completely. She sucks in her breath as the sensual pain was too divine for anything else.

His well muscled glimmering body pinned her to the bed as he thrusts all of rock hard cock in and out her aching pussy. He pumps harder as he slams into her lifting her off the bed with each powerful thrust of his hips. She moans louder gasping for air as he penetrates her pussy again and again. A growl comes from deep inside him as she feels him begin to tense. She wraps her legs around his waist as his hips gyrate at an incredible pace. He groans louder and his tension becomes greater. He squeezes her hands and presses himself even closer to her as they become one in their searing passion. Her groans match his in their loudness and intensity. She’s rocking her hips as hard against him as possible. She feels him at the very back of her pussy and creams all over his cock. She screams. “Giuliano! Right there, don’t stop! It’s coming! Oh God don’t stop!” She feels his jaw harden and tense against her cheek as an even louder growl comes from him as he sprays the back of pussy with his precious cream. They’re screaming, grunting, growling and groaning as they reach climax together. Squeezing each other tight as the power of orgasm rips through them. They shudder against one another barely able to catch their breath.

He collapses on her and releases his grip. She’s panting breathlessly below him. Their bodies bound together by the sweat of their love making. She puts her arms around his neck and whisper huskily to him. “I love you very much Giuliano.” In his exhaustion he can only moan his response, but she knows that he loves her too. She begins to massage his shoulders with both hands. His breathing and heart rate begin to slow. She feels him relax more and more as she massages him. Again he is asleep with weight of body resting on her, but she doesn’t mind for he is close to her where she wants him. Slowly her fingers lose their grip as she slips into peaceful slumber below him.