 We're at work and it has been a slow night. I've been feeling desperately in need of some physical attention lately. My pussy is hot and craving the touch of a man; I'm almost throbbing. I keep watching my coworker, Jack, hoping for any hint of arousal or interest to betray itself in his face. He never seems to be looking at me with much more than mild amusement. 

I can't help but be interested in Jack, he's so sexy, I could eat him alive. He has a fine body from his time in the military; strong arms, great legs, and a tight ass. Not to mention his piercing blue eyes that seem to see through my veils and bring out my inner, sultry self. I love watching him swiftly walk towards me, purposeful and determined like a hunter. Watching him walk away is almost as good with that little swagger in his step. God, I love his ass. Not to mention his bald head and goatee, I get wet just thinking about his whole package.

It's starting to come up on 2:00am and it's time to get to work. Slowly, we depart from the nurses station and begin our rounds of checking on the patients we're responsible for tonight.

We keep general conversation going to make the work go faster, nothing more your general, "How's the family?" type banter. However, on this particular night I'm feeling more liberated and talkative due to my pulse keeping time in my panties. My current mood is driving our conversation into a more sexual tone than per our usual Stupid Porno-Title game and it's getting me excited. Sometimes, when Jack's not watching, I secretly slip my hand under my shirt and let my cool fingertips brush across my eager, pink nipples. 

He steps inside a room and closes the door, giving me a chance to caress my breast and feel my nipple swell with pleasure. I can hear him opening the door and with mild panic, I pull my hand back and straighten my scrub top as he looks my way. I almost wish he would catch me sometime and say something. I can feel my face flush crimson as I try to imagine what he might say.

"What are you doing?" he'd ask.

I can feel my blush creeping down my throat, knowing I couldn't look him in the eye as I'd say to him and smile, "Thinking about you."

I try to shake this thought loose and continue on with work, stealing glimpses of his gorgeous ass as we work our way down the hallway. Our conversing has become more work oriented again, "Did you check on Donna, yet?"

"No, but I've got her," I reply as I reach across his arms for a towel. I immediately tense up as I feel my breasts lightly brush against his shoulder, sending sparks shooting through my mind and body. How I wish I could just kiss him and show him my lust, my desire to feel his heat against my own.

"Our work is done here," he declares as we finish our set of rounds.

Now, finally, is the time to smoke. We both head outdoors into the cool night air and he hands me a cigarette, leaning close to light it for me. We are silent for a while, contentedly puffing on our tobacco, staring out into the stars. This doesn't satisfy me for long, however, with so much pressing on my mind.

"You know, I dont know how to say this to you, but I'm having a hard time controlling myself around you," I slowly began my confession.

"What exactly are you talking about?" he smiled and looked at me, slightly bemused.

I start to open my mouth to reply, but shut it again, uncertain of what to say and suddenly finding myself feeling very exposed. He continues to watch my movements, taking a long, slow drag off of his cigarette, awaiting whatever brilliance I have to contribute to the silence. After a moment I realize staring at my shoes is giving me no words so I take a deep breath, shove him up against the cold brick wall and kiss him deeply, pressing my body against his. At first I sense his surprise, but he quickly responds and I feel his hands on my hips, pulling me tight against his growing firmness. Feeling his hard cock pressed against my mound steals a moan from my throat. We break for a moment, shocked by each others, but mostly our own, actions.

Overcome by desire, I lean in close for another kiss and start to untie the drawstring on his scrub pants. They easily slide down and I find myself following a similar motion. On my knees I cup his balls in my hand and gently kiss his swollen cock on the head before taking it all into my mouth. I swirl my tongue around his head and suck and slurp his cock till I feel my pussy aching to be filled. I stand up and sheepishly look at him. His hands quickly go to my waist band and he tugs my pants down to my knees. His hands are cold on my belly but they warm quicly as they make their way down to my warmth. I bite back a soft moan as he gently brushes his fingertips over my wet, swollen pussy lips. My body responds to his soft stroking and my hips tilt forward to meet his touch and gain more pressure. I'm so excited, I can barely stand to take it.

"Please," it comes out of me, barely a whisper.

He grabs me roughly and turns me towards the wall. The cold bricks feel good against my flushed face but nothing like the next sensation of his hard, thick cock pressing its way into my tight pussy. I can barely hold back my need to cry out in pleasure, but I can't risk it, it's already too dangerous. I can feel him so deep inside of me and it is ecstasy. I reach down and finger my clit while Jack pumps his hard cock in and out of my juicy pussy. It feels so good, too good, my knees are starting to buckle. He senses my growing weakness and wraps one arm around my waist and pulls my hips hard against him, thrusting deliciously, painfully, deeply. I can't help but scream out, half wanting it to stop and half wanting it to never stop. 

He gently but firmly closes his other hand over my mouth, whispering in my ear, "Easy."

The heat of his breath and the tickle of his lips against my ear sends a lightning bolt down my spine and I can feel how close I am getting. He drops his hand away from my mouth and down to my breast, roughly cupping each one and pinching my nipples.

"Mmmm... Harder, please," I whimper.

"Oh fuck. Does that feel good, baby?" Jack growls in my ear.

"Oh yeah. Yes. Yes, daddy, more please!"

I feel his cock twitch hard, he's starting to climax and the throbbing is pushing me over my edge. I cry out again as my pussy begins it's rhythmic pulse, growing stronger with each contraction. He slows his pace and leans in to bite my shoulder as he pumps my pussy hard, sending me further into my ecstasy. I am cumming so hard, my eyes are closed but I see flashes of light like stars before my them.

It's all over and he withdraws and pulls his pants up. I, shaking, attempt to regain my composure and straighten my uniform.

"Well, I guess it's almost time to do rounds again," he says as he holds the door open for me.

"Yeah, back to work." I reply.