 Nikki is your typical middle aged woman. She had raised her family and now they were beginning to raise their own. She always considered herself to be a good mother and wife. She had devoted her life to her sons and husband, always faithful and available when needed. She was a respected professional in the business world. 

Yet, as she celebrated each birthday, she recognized a desire to experience all of life while she could. She didn't want to get to the "home" and wonder what if.

Innocently enough she had posted a profile with an Internet Instant Messaging Service and was intrigued by the number of unsolicited messages she received. Normally she ignored them or politely sent the messenger their way. 

However something was different about DomGuy101. He seemed to very confident, straightforward, and yet different. Something about him made Nikki want to learn more. Naturally, the screen name was interesting enough. In her world, this was something that you might read about briefly. You certainly don't dwell on it or even indulge in the practice. Unless, you want to experience everything in life you can while you can. 

Nikki went against her initial instincts and replied to his messages. It was not long before he was very explicit with his lifestyle and even what he wanted. Nikki was strangely flattered that Jeff (DomGuy101) would see her as someone he be interested in. Her picture reflected that she had taken good care of herself and Jeff wanted to see how far she would pursue this life. The more he told Nikki that she would not follow through, the more determined Nikki became to prove him wrong.

Before she knew it, Nikki had given this stranger more of her personal information that she would have believed. He was calling her at the office. Sending her emails. Through all of these communications, Jeff always presented himself to be the perfect gentleman. Like her, he was married with a family and held a respectable position in the business world. The pictures he of himself that he shared portrayed him as being very handsome which only fueled Nikki's curiosity and yes even her interest. But through his IM messages, Nikki learned that there was another side of Jeff. He was always aggressive and demanding when they were in the IM mode. He spoke openly of sexual preferences. His expectations of his partners. Of his insistence that they be extremely clean, completely shaven and smooth and willing to follow his every demand. He referenced these encounters as "sessions". The more he taunted Nikki about not being the type for this experience, the more determined she became.

After a few weeks of communicating, Nikki and Jeff decided to meet. The encounter was to take place at lunch time at a Bass Pro Shop that was convenient to them both. As soon as Nikki pulled into the parking lot, she recognized Jeff from his picture. He was exactly as she had expected. Seeing him at last caused her pulse to quicken and she felt a familiar contraction between her legs. In her conservative mind, she could not believe that one day she would actually find herself in a situation like this. She was about to meet a man that had made his intentions very clear and she was willing. Her biggest motivation was to prove him wrong about her resolve. And maybe even prove herself wrong about herself.

They exchanged pleasantries and made brief small talk about the purchase he was carrying. Then the conversation took a more deliberate turn. 

"So you think you can hang with me Nikki?" Jeff asked with a smirk. 

"Oh yeah big boy. I know I can." Nikki replied as confidently as she could without a flutter in her voice.

With that response, Nikki could wait no longer and initiated the first contact. Reaching for his hand, she gave it a small squeeze and gentle tug to invite him to move closer. Jeff reacted to the invitation instantly. Quickly his mouth reached hers. The softness of his lips against hers was unlike any that she had felt before. Instinctively and wantonly she pressed her lips to his. Before she realized, her conservative thoughts had been placed on hold, her tongue darted between his soft lips desperately searching for his acceptance. Assuming the role of the alpha, Jeff pressed his tongue against her's with authority. Instantly Nikki knew that she had never been kissed with such passion. Feeling another twinge between her legs, Nikki pressed her chest harder against Jeff. She could feel her nipples instantly become erect. 

When the kiss finally ended, Nikki could not believe how weak her knees suddenly became. 

"Not too bad", she said as confidently as her voice would allow.

"Glad you liked it. That could be just the beginning." quipped Jeff. 

"We'll see." replied Nikki with a devilish grin as she suddenly turned and started a slow deliberate waltz toward her car being careful to add a little more twist to her hips. 

During the drive back to her office, Nikki could think of nothing more than taking Jeff. She wanted to explore all of him. To taste his skin, smell his scent, feel him throbbing inside her, hear his sighs as his was about to explode with ecstasy. Her hand slid beneath her skirt and between her legs. Her fingers felt the familiar moisture that now penetrated the silky fabric of her panties. She could not resist pressing hard against her clit as the sensation of Jeff's kiss remained on her lips and relived in her mind. Her body quivered as her self induced orgasm briefly muted the volume of traffic that surrounded her. 

When she arrived at her desk, she knew she would have to wait long. There was an email from Jeff waiting for her. With a bit of a tremble in her hand, she quickly opened it. Sure enough, Jeff was proposing a rendevous the next day at a typically sleazy motel. The twinge between her legs as she read the lines and developed mental pictures was an obvious indication that she had to find a way to make this happen. 

After making an excuse to the boss about suddenly needing to take a vacation day, the plan was set in motion. When she accepted the invitation, Jeff quickly responded with very explicit descriptions of the type encounter he had in mind. A side that Nikki had anticipated, but was not sure if she could follow through. But she was determined that Jeff would not sense her reservations. He also had specific instructions as to how she was to prepare her body. He already knew that she regularly shaved her pussy. So this expectation was easy to accommodate without raising any suspicions with her husband. And she had experienced anal penetrations before but the instruction to prepare herself with an enema. His insistence for absolute cleanliness caused Nikki to adorn him with her own personal nickname, Mr. Clean. 

The next day arrived finally after a listless night of short catnaps interrupted with anticipation of what the next morning would bring. 

After leaving home at the usual time with pretense of going to work, Nikki rode around waiting for her opportunity to return home to make the promised and expected preparations. The ride through the blank streets was filled with thoughts of Mr. Clean having his way with her. Of her experiencing things that she had dreamt of but never imagined would be fulfilled. Would Jeff be as dominate as he implied. Would his cock be as magnificent as she had imagined? Was his wonderful kisses be an accurate indication of his lovemaking abilities? Would she actually be able to find pleasure in the presence of a different man?

Nikki returned home and removed the "prescription" from her purse. While this procedure was not new to her, the reasoning for the application certainly was. As she felt the sensations around her ass during this process, she could not help but imagine Jeff's fingers and cock soon making penetration through this orifice. The thought was not surprisingly arousing. 

Next she was in the shower with razor in hand making the all too familiar strokes around her pussy. However, she had a sense of duty to make this shave even more close than her routine maintenance. Nikki was almost amused with herself when she realized how determined she was to please Jeff with her preparations.

The ride to the other side of town went quicky, thank goodness. She called Jeff's cell phone as she approached the appointed location. He quickly answered and informed her he was in room 121. She felt the all too familiar twinge between her thighs as she realized this was truly about to happen. 

She found the door ajar just as Jeff had indicated. Quickly she entered and closed the safe and familiar world that she knew behind her.

She smiled at Jeff and silently begged that he should show his favor by returning the gesture. He did not disappoint.

"Hi Nikki, so glad you are here", he stated as he crossed the room to greet her with his massive arms opened to engulf her.

"Hi Jeff", she replied in her most confident voice.

Nikki fell into his arms and felt his strength encircle her body. His scent was arousing. She sensed his lips searching for hers. She quickly responded. His touch was soft and gentle yet a bit forceful. Her tongue quickly extended and entangled with his. His hands explored her curves as she felt his. Her body began to ache for him.

Releasing his grip on her willing body, he looked down at her, "I am gonna take a quick shower. I will be right back."

A soft "Okay" was all Nikki could vocalize. Her thoughts were still a blur from the passion she felt from one kiss. If only her husband were as passionate. She might not find herself exploring this side of her being. But here she was and intended to make the most of it.

Nikki expected that Jeff would reenter the room wearing nothing or maybe just a towel. Unsure of how she should present herself, she decided to take the "almost ready" approach. 

Her fingers began to shake as she unbuttoned her blouse. She felt the chill of the room air conditioner as she removed the garment and placed it on the chair. Through her carefully chosen lacy bra, she could see and feel her erect nipples pressing against the sheer support. The sound of the shower stopped as her fingers manipulated the button and zipper that held her skirt tightly conformed to her shapely hips. This garment was found its way to the accommodating chair as well. With a smile plastered on her face, she turned and anxiously awaited Jeff's exit from the steamy bath.

Nikki's eyes were drawn immediately to the semi erect cock that came into view before the rest of Jeff rounded the corner. It was better than she had expected. In the current state, she judged to be about 8 inches and thick. Her tongue touched her lips as she watched the manhood approach. Without speaking, Jeff moved behind her, extended his arms under hers and cupped both breasts forcibly. 

She immediately responded with a soft but reassuring, "Yes."

Jeff rolled each nipple between his fingers as she felt his breath on her shoulder. His kiss and touch extolled an immediate response from Nikki as she pressed her ass against his now fully erect shaft. Jeff responded with slow movements of his own as his continued to manipulate her nipples through the thin fabric of her bra and apply soft warm touches from his mouth to her silky smooth skin. 

Jeff's fingers suddenly stopped the arousing activity on Nikki's nipples and masterfully released the hooks of her bra that barely contained the heaving mounds of her breasts. Nikki accepted his actions by dropping her arms and allow the garment to quickly fall to the floor. 

Jeff moved his hands slow down her body, surveying each feminine curve until his fingers were under the taunt band of her matching silky panties. Nikki parted her legs ever so slightly as the hands and fabric moved in unison over her hips and down her thighs. 

Jeff turned Nikki toward him, eyes exploring her shapely mid 40 body. Her large dark brown nipples still erect from his earlier tease. Her smoothly shaven pussy glistened with the light coating of her love juices that had already escaped through her throbbing lips. Her eyes sparkled with anticipation.

"You are absolutely beautiful Nikki", Jeff exclaimed when he had found the ability to speak after such a wonderful view.

"Glad you like", Nikki replied in her best school girl tone. 

She reached forward and engulfed his rock hard shaft with her hand. Giving a slight tug she could feel Jeff throb with the same anticipation she was feeling between her legs.

"You are pretty damn sharp yourself", she whispered.

Agreeably Nikki moved backward toward the bed as she felt Jeff's instruction with his fingers on her breastplate. Laying on her back, she watched as Jeff moved cautiously over the top of her. His mouth and hands began a slow exploration of her entire body that seemed to last for hours. His touch on her nipples and between her legs was gentle but masculine. 

Jeff kissed her slowly at first. His tongue barely passing her wanting lips. Then as she thrust her tongue toward his, he responded more forcibly.

Nikki's legs eagerly parted to allow Jeff's magic fingers all the access he needed to her now dripping opening. One then two fingers penetrated her pussy so easily and so erotically, Nikki could feel the beginning of what she knew would be a constant tide of orgasms begin to build.

Sensing her mounting explosion through the quivers of her hips and louder sounds of her moans that were spurring him on, Jeff moved his shoulders between Nikki's parted thighs and found himself inches from her waiting womanhood. The scent that permeated his nostrils encouraged his quick movement. His mouth engulfed her pussy as his tongue slowly began to explore the extremities of the magical garden that was about to explode in ecstacy. He penetrated her opening as deeply as he could. The taste he found was familiar to the scent that he experienced just seconds earlier. Jeff moved his tongue upward and was rewarded with an exposed clit that responded positively to his every touch. A quick flick of the tip of his tongue followed by a flattened lick as though he was engaged with an ice cream cone was enjoyed by Nikki as evidenced by her fingers entwined in his hair and her hips pressed firmly against his head. Jeff formed his lips around Nikki's clit and began to suck. The room was immediately filled with sounds on a woman enjoying the pleasure of the ebb and flow of an orgasm that started in her feet, raced through her limbs and torso and exited through her now parched lips. 

Nikki was blissfully ecstatic.

Jeff continued to masterfully alternate between sucking and licking Nikki's aroused clit. Unconsciously Nikki pressed her hips firmly into Jeff's face. His talented tongue was joined by two slowly penetrating fingers probing her well soaked pussy. Nikki's hips raised and released in perfect rhythm of Jeff's finger strokes. With a sudden jerk, the long sought orgasm had finally been realized.

Nikki was certain that the room did not contain her exclamation of euphoria. Now was not the time to be concerned with etiquette or social acceptance. This was better than she had ever imagined. 

Jeff was well aware of Nikki's orgasm and the sensitive state of her throbbing magic garden. With perfect timing, he lifted himself over Nikki's convulsing body and slide his hardened cock between her well lubricated pussy lips and began a methodical rhythm of thrusts continuing the stimulation against Nikki's still throbbing clit. The second orgasm was building ever so fast. 

Nikki moved her hands over her bouncing breasts and began to manipulate her rock hard brown nipples as she matched Jeff's rapid thrusts with her hips. With the now familiar exclamations, Jeff and everyone within the adjacent rooms knew that Nikki had once again achieved an orgasm. 

Nikki instinctively lifted her legs to engulf Jeff's rocking torso. 

Looking deep into his piercing eyes Nikki commanded, "Give it to me Jeff. Fill my pussy with your cum baby. Let me feel that cock explode between my legs."

Nikki's instructions were enough to push Jeff to his limit. The cum ejected from the end of his cock as though it were driven by a compressor. Their juices mixed instinctively and oozed from Nikki well fucked pussy and trickled over her ass. Nikki could feel the continuous throbbing of Jeff's cock between her legs. Her clit seemed to be in unison with his contractions. 

Pushing Jeff over to his back, Nikki smiled at him as she slithered her way down his chest with her lips and tongue. She found the first taste of cum just below the naval. The taste was sweet and filling. With attention to every detail, Nikki cleaned each drop from his stomach, his balls and finally his sensitive and semi soft cock. 

Proud of her thoroughness, Nikki smiled seductively at a content Jeff as she traced her fingers around her lips and gently sucked the last of the residue from the tip. 

The experience was as good as Nikki had hoped. The thought of "what if" was now a faint memory.