 

Change and painful memories



Nikhila doesn't like change, preferring her sheltered life. Soon to marry, she harbours painful memories of her only sexual experience and failed personal relationship. Even approaching 30, she was naïve about sex. Concerns for a fulfilling love life with her husband found her in the care of Doctor Love. It's one of many recent and significant changes in her life.

Was I really that naïve? Thank you for the beautiful stories and therapy. Nikki and Jimmy.

I can't get over how much my life has changed in the last 12 months. It's been one worry after another. But as usual, things didn't turn out as bad as first thought. I've worked as a picker and packer for over 10 years without too much happening. It was my first job after school. I'm still the youngest in the warehouse with a small group of much older people. I like the way they still look after me.

The first big change was when my manager asked me to work in dispatch. I was overwhelmed at the thought of doing a new job and started to panic. He wanted me to be able to fill in occasionally. My concern was dealing with the drivers and sales people who called. I don't take to change very well.

It actually turned out better than I could have imagined, changing my life for the better. That's how I met Jimmy, the next big change. He's a driver and called regularly. Probably more often than he really needed. He'd ask for me if I wasn't working in dispatch. It took a while, eventually looking forward to seeing him. One day he asked me out. Surprisingly I accepted. Sometimes it just pays not to over think things. I should really heed my own advice.

The panic set in later when I realised what I'd done. It was the longest few days of my life as I waited for that first date. Just like the job change, it worked out for the best. We're getting married in a few months. That's the third change. Nikki and Jimmy, who would have thought it 12 months ago!

I was born in the West Indies and came here with my parents when I was only four. My name is actually Nikhila but everybody calls me Nikki. I never really knew my father. He went back home not long after we came. Mum worked as a cleaner and my father regularly sent us money. Gilt Money, Mum called it but she wouldn't talk about what happened. I learnt very early to leave the subject alone.

I recently found out my father had died. It was such a surprise when I was contacted by the executor of his will. He must have been successful as he left me a considerable sum of money and even plenty for Mum. We've never had so much money! The changes just kept happening.

It's hard to comprehend really, the changes at work, meeting Jimmy and getting engaged. Then a father I didn't know dying and leaving me most of his money. Now I'm attending the Practice for treatment, all in 12 months. I'm having another session with Doctor Love today.

The Practice is one of those beautiful old double-story terrace buildings converted to a medical practice for women. I'd never seen such luxurious facilities. I had a tour before registering and knew as soon as I stepped into the entry hall it was something I hadn't experienced before. It was intimidating at first and it just didn't feel right. Far too classy and I never could have afforded it before the inheritance.

Maddisyn made the difference. She's the Practice Manager and gave me the tour and explained what the Practice offered. I thought she was lovely and only a few years younger than me. I'm sure she knew I was nervous and made me feel comfortable and relaxed. An hour with Maddisyn eliminated all my fears and hesitations. I'm excited about showing off my new purchase with some of my inheritance.

I rang the doorbell and Maddisyn greeted me with her lovely soft smile. 'Hello Nikki. Come through to the Sitting Room. Your dress looks gorgeous.'

A smile filled my face when she noticed the new dress. I'd spent hours agonising over buying it. I admired how lovely Maddisyn always dressed and the compliment meant so much. I decided on wearing something more stylish when visiting the Practice. It was that sort of place. They treated me like a Guest and that's what they called women who attended. It's what I imagined an exclusive club for women might be like but also providing counselling and medical services.

'Thank you. It's new. I'm wearing it for the first time,' I replied, smiling in appreciation as we made our way into the Sitting Room.

It's a wonderful room. The antique furniture and furnishings matched the design of the building beautifully. I felt like I was going back in time or on a movie set. It was certainly a women's room with pastel colours, soft cushions and fine lace curtains at the windows. Two large couches sat neatly in front of an open fire and a spectacular chandelier hung from the ceiling. It was where Guests sat and relaxed before seeing Doctor Love.

A Guest Lounge was off the Sitting Room and had ensuite facilities but also included a spa bath and massage room. I sat at one of the couches. It was luxurious and I felt glamorous sitting in such an elegant room in my new black dress and high-heels.

'Would you like any refreshments?' Maddisyn kindly offered.

I'd previously declined but with a growing confidence I returned her smile. 'May I have some tea?'

'Certainly,' Maddisyn replied with a broad smile and went to the kitchenette behind her desk at the other end of the Sitting Room.

I sensed Maddisyn was pleased that I was becoming more confident and enjoying what the Practice offered. That's just me. I've always taken a while to adjust and accept things. That's why I'm attending the Practice. It's not really a medical problem. I'm worried about having sex. Jimmy's not an issue, it's me. He hasn't pressured me but it's going to happen.

My only experience wasn't enjoyable and troubles me even more now that I'm with Jimmy. It was the boy who lived next door with his parents. I can't even recall his name; it was so long ago and the family moved. How painful and horrible it was haunts me even after all those years. It wasn't just the first time. It didn't get any better and I soon lost interest in sex. He soon lost interest in me. There hasn't been anyone else since.

More than anything, I want making love with Jimmy to be special and enjoyable. I know it sounds silly but I fear Jimmy losing interest in me. I couldn't bear for that to happen to me again. I want to please him. I just need to know how. Maddisyn soon returned with my tea and some slices of cake on a silver tray and poured me a cup.

I was feeling very much like a Guest. 'Thank you,' I grinned having already noticed a piece that took my fancy.

'Enjoy your tea. I've got something that Doctor Love asked me to get for you. I'll show you when you've finished,' Maddisyn added.

I've had counselling in the four sessions so far. Doctor Love has been wonderful. He's so gentle and kind and easy to talk with. He understands no matter how trivial my concerns might seem. I'm sure he knows they're important to me. Doctor Love doesn't think I'm silly. Even by the end of the first session I felt relaxed and had confidence in him.

Doctor Love's about twice my age and in his late 50's but appears much younger and there's a definite connection between us. His engaging smile and the warmth in his voice made the conversations that much more comfortable despite our intimate discussions. The Practice just keeps doing that for me I thought as I had my tea and that lovely cake.

Noticing me finishing, Maddisyn joined me carrying an exclusive looking glossy and bright pink bag that swung in her hand by the string handles. She looked excited as she sat beside me on the couch.

'I hope you like them,' she grinned, taking out the lingerie she'd purchased for me.

'Ooh . . . they're so pretty! I exclaimed. I love the colour. I hope you didn't mind. I hadn't a clue what to get.'

'I love shopping, particularly when I'm not paying for it, Maddisyn laughed with an infectious smile that I couldn't help but share. I'm sure they'll fit you beautifully.'

Doctor Love suggested that Maddisyn could select some lingerie for me as I had no idea of what I wanted. My indecision is bad enough but when you don't know what you're shopping for it just becomes too painful. Knowing Maddisyn's lovely taste in clothing, I jumped at the offer. I'm embarrassed to admit I'm naïve when it comes to intimate apparel as much as I am about making love.

'They're beautiful, thank you,' I smiled leaning into Maddisyn and giving her a hug.

Maddisyn obviously enjoyed my reaction. 'My pleasure,' she grinned excitedly.

'What type are they?' I clumsily asked displaying my innocents.

'I got you a camisole and short set with a matching kimono you can wear over them,' she smiled handing them to me.

'They feel lovely,' I sighed, running my hands over the silky-smooth material.

They were cream in colour and looked lovely against my dark skin. The kimono had a delicate floral pattern of pinks, reds and mauve. The camisole was a plain cream with thin shoulder straps and pretty lace edging at the bottom.

I realised Maddisyn knew a lot about lingerie as she enjoyed telling me about the style and how they're worn. I listened intently taking it all in. The pants were a loose-fitting pair of shorts. I'd never been particularly adventurous when it comes to underwear, preferring my normal comfortable hipsters.

'What type of pants are these?' I asked lifting my eyes to Maddisyn's and noticing she was just as excited.

'They're called French knickers, she said raising her eyebrows seductively. I didn't get a thong or G-string just in case you don't like wearing them.'

'I not sure what they are,' I admitted with a soft laugh, feeling comfortable with Maddisyn's company and assistance.

'I have some lingerie upstairs. Would you like to see other styles?' She enthusiastically offered.

'Ooh . . . yes please! I excitedly replied. That's if you don't mind. I mean, they're your intimate items,' I added.

'That's okay. You're showing me yours,' she giggled.

Maddisyn is wonderful and I very much appreciated her help. I admired how lovely she always dressed. She's tall with a slender and attractive figure and long flowing shoulder-length dark hair. I could imagine her looking amazing in lingerie. I was looking forward to seeing what designs she liked. As she climbed the stairs it occurred to me that Doctor Love lived upstairs. My soon attention drifted back to the lovely garments.

Maddisyn returned with an armful of her own and sat beside me. 'Do you live upstairs?' I asked.

Maddisyn seemed to pause before answering. 'I keep some of my things upstairs. Now, I have different types of lingerie and some panties,' she continued, changing the subject and showing me the different styles.

One was a teddy made of a plain silky material with a contrasting trim edging and string shoulder straps. It was similar to my camisole but, as Maddisyn explained, was an all-in-one with pants, like my French knickers. Another was a baby-doll made of sheer lace that flowed from the chest to just above the waist and had an open back. It was held in place by straps around the back of the neck and shoulders. It was glamorous and felt silky and luxurious.

Maddisyn showed me some panties and I could see what she meant about the thong and G-string. 'There're a little cheeky,' I teased, causing use both to giggle.

'I don't have a body suit but it would look lovely on you, Maddisyn suggested. It's a one piece like a teddy but sheer like the baby-doll and close-fitting.'

'I didn't realise there was such a range,' I replied looking amazed.

'I'm not sure how adventurous you are but a white bra and panties with a suspender belt and white stockings would look wonderful with your skin tone,' she smiled, giving me a naughty wink.

It was obvious Maddisyn was enjoying taking about lingerie and sharing her thoughts. She spoke softly and had an attractive and naturally warm smile. Her caring nature put me at ease while discussing the intimate items and I didn't even feel uncomfortable at hardly knowing anything about them.

'Where did you purchase them?' I asked with an excited inquiring tone.

'Intimates on Queen's Parade but I normally order mine on-line. I can email you the details if you like,' she added folding her garments.

'Thank you. I'd like to checkout that suspender belt outfit,' I replied with a cheeky grin which brought a smile to Maddisyn's face.

'I'll just use the Guest Lounge and then go through to Doctor Love,' I mentioned while putting the lingerie back in the carry-bag.

Maddisyn went to return her garments upstairs and I made my way to freshen up, excitedly swinging the bag. I sat at the dressing table with a large mirror and looked at the range of perfumes, cosmetics and other delightful creams and lotions for women to use. They were just one of the many things that made the Practice such a wonderful place. I touched up my makeup and brushed my hair before checking out my outfit in the mirror.

I smiled at the reflection, loving the way it hugged my figure and showed off my long-toned legs. It was the first little black dress I'd ever owned. The sliver necklace and matching earrings complimented the dress wonderfully. I hardly ever get to wear high-heels but was starting to like the way they made me feel. Never really thinking of myself as sexy, I liked what I saw in the mirror.

I picked up the carry-bag and went back into the Sitting Room. 'How do I look?' I grinned enthusiastically at Maddisyn.

'Beautiful,' she smiled as I made my way to see Doctor Love.

Doctor Love's suite is at the end of the long passageway that led from the entry hall. I smiled hearing the sound of my high-heels striking the polished floorboards and hips swaying as I sashayed toward the suite. I found the door open and walked in. Doctor Love was at his desk, closing the door announcing my arrival.

Looking up, his eyes made a tour of my body before meeting my broad smile. 'Hello Nikki. It's lovely to see you, he welcomed with his trademark gorgeous smile. You look lovely. Is that a new dress?'

'Yes, but I wouldn't have bought one without you suggesting it,' I grinned making my way to the couches.

I sat down, placing the carry-bag by my side and Doctor Love sat opposite on the other couch. The couches were luxurious with soft cushions and I soon felt settled. The suite is warm and inviting with the same lovely décor and furnishings as the other rooms. It provides an intimate and relaxing atmosphere unlike any doctor's room I'd been in before.

I've enjoyed our discussion and it's easy to forget Doctor Love was my therapist. We'd explored my concerns about not enjoying sex and desire to have a fulfilling love life with Jimmy. I came to appreciate the deep-seated impact of my only unpleasant and painful sexual experience, effecting my attitude towards sex and relationships.

I felt more than comfortable taking about intimate matters with Doctor Love, I felt excited. The progress we made was such a relief. It was like a journey of self-discovery of the sexual issues that had troubled me for so long. We were now working on a plan for dealing with the issues and achieving what I desired. My new dress was just one of the steps on that journey. It was as if Doctor Love was my guide and we were on that journey together.

'How were things at work last week?' He asked with a warm and generous smile that just seemed to entice you into conversation.

'I spoke with my manager about some more work in dispatch and asked if there were any other opportunities,' I replied comfortably sharing his gaze.

Doctor love couldn't help looking a little pleased. 'How did he feel about that?' He prompted.

'Very happy. He wants me to work in other areas of the business. The company has many older workers and he thinks there are opportunities for me,' I explained excitedly.

I noticed that familiar smile that slowly formed on Doctor Love's face when his thoughts we proven correct. We'd discussed my work at the warehouse and realised I'd more than outlived the role. I felt comfortable with the relatively simple work and the pleasant company of the older workers. The move to dispatch had not only introduced me to Jimmy; it had shown me what opportunities there were.

'I see Maddisyn's been shopping for you,' Doctor Love commented gesturing towards the pink bag.

'They're lovely, I answered, my elation clearly evident. She was so helpful and showed me some of the other styles. I can't wait to try them on.'

I was a little surprised when Doctor Love suggested sexual therapy. Even more surprising was my interest and that I didn't instantly reject the idea. As usual, I had to think about it but I soon became excited about the prospect. I realised there was a lot to learn about sex and I was enjoying Doctor Love being my therapist, maybe a little more than I realised.

I was still dealing with the fear of not pleasing Jimmy. Wouldn't some sexual experience help? Who better to learn from than a sex therapist? Besides, Doctor Love's handsome with an attractive body for his age. I'd fallen for his gorgeous smile soon after we met. I knew he would be gentle and I trusted him. It's my insurance for satisfying Jimmy, just in case. It just seemed the perfect answer.

'Are you still comfortable about the therapy?' Doctor Love softly inquired.

'Yes,' I simply smiled, sharing his knowing gaze.

'Please, use the ensuite, he offered as he stood up. I'm looking forward to seeing your lingerie on as well.'

I stood, returning his smile and went through to the bedroom with my carry-bag. I'd passed through on the way to the ensuite before and thought it another lovely room. It's where I imagined we would be making love. The king-sized bed has a luxurious quilt cover and matching velvet ceiling to floor curtains framed the window filled with lace. A fireplace, similar to the one in the suite, is a feature of the room and looked lovely with a large mirror above. It couldn't have been a more intimate setting.

I went into the ensuite and shut the door. It's a stunning room with brilliant white walls and furniture and a small chandelier hanging from the decorative ceiling. There's a chair and dressing table with a large mirror that's idea for applying makeup and grooming. The assortment of cosmetics provided in the Guest Lounge was also available. The white roll-top bath with antique brass fittings are beautiful and the soft cotton towels luxurious. Pretty lace curtains are at the frosted window and the fragrance of fresh flowers filled the room. It's my favourite room and I felt a very special Guest.

I slipped out of my high-heels and removed my dress and bra, hanging the dress up. Removing my panties revealed my neatly trimmed pubic hair. I'd anguished over my normally bushy black hair, finally deciding on a trim instead of shaving. I placed the camisole over my head and it felt silky smooth as it slipped into place. A smile filled my face as I wriggled into my French knickers.

Looking in the mirror, the outfit looked beautiful and I felt incredibly sexy. The camisole enticingly displayed my firm and full breasts, cascading from them to just above my waist. The knickers looked gorgeous. Seeing the bottom of my cheeks brought a wicked grin to my face.

I put the kimono on and loosely wrapped it around my waist. Wanting to make a good impression, I practiced removing it until I was happy with the technique. It seemed to take my mind off things and settle my nerves. I sat at the mirror touching up my makeup and then went to join Doctor Love.

I gasped with delight as I stepped into the bedroom. 'Ooh . . . Doctor Love! It's . . . it's . . . so beautiful,' I sighed overcome with emotion.
