 I had been working with Nikki for a couple of years now and we seemed to get on well. Over the years the flirting between us got greater and greater and soon we started seeing each other outside of work however Nothing happened, that is, until Nikki and I went to Gold's Gym together. There's a Gold's not far from her place and I needed to work out to keep to my exercise schedule. Since solo exercise is a real bore, I invited her along and she was glad to do this. 

When I looked at her, I'd linger on her ample curves, I'd want to stare at her great chest (and wouldn't if I thought she'd notice), and when I stared into her eyes when we talked—really pretty blue eyes—I'd also notice her very red full lips, which I'd never once kissed and now wanted to, very much. And when I jerked off, I kept thinking about how pretty her eyes were (they really were) and how I'd love to kiss all the way up her calves until I was holding those strong thighs and eating her for hours. I imagined what she tasted like. It was hot stuff and I would cum hard thinking about her. 

She was just as cheerful as ever when we talked and we both made moaning noises of foodgasmic pleasure when eating sushi (which we'd always done). I did find occasion to touch her just a little more when we interacted, which she didn't mind. 

We arrived at the gym in separate cars. It was lovely spring weather and Nikki was wearing an attractive cotton summer dress with a white pullover spaghetti strap top that showed off her shoulders and arms very nicely. We hugged hello, then went in to the locker rooms to get changed. I came out in my usual gym wear, workout shorts, sneakers, and a loose t-shirt. Nikki came out a couple minutes later in a brown lycra leotards with white tights on her legs. Everything clung to her. I looked her up and down once and smiled broadly at her. She smiled back. 

We did warm-up stretches and then hit the weights. I had a free-weight program that was building up my arms (which take forever to build up). Nikki said she didn't do too many arm exercises, so she just stood back and watched. I noticed that she always stood at just the right angle so she could look up my shorts whenever I was lying on a bench. Hmmmm.... 

I decided to test this out and asked her to spot for me on free bench presses. I selected a bar, racked it, and laid down on the bench with my head slightly above the top of the bench. I positioned my hands on the bar and Nikki moved in so she could put her hands on the bar... right next to mine. (Good positioning for a spotter, definitely. Sure.) She moved her legs up so her knees were slightly to either side of my head, leaning against the top of the bench. The net effect was that I was looking straight up at her leotard-covered pussy. Nikki flexed her knees slightly as if to center herself, although the effect was to wiggle her pussy around about 10 inches from my face and I could make out a crease of a slight camel toe from this angle. Oh, my! 

Thinking that I really needed a tongue that was a lot longer, I took a deep breath and pushed the bar up. Nikki had spotted before and kept her hands loosely on the bar on the inside of my hands, but she was always sure to touch my hands slightly. As the bar went down to my chest the first time, Nikki "body-englished" it down a little... and bent her knees and sat down just a couple inches while she followed the bar down. REALLY wishing I had a longer tongue, I pushed it back up and she straightened up. Hell, if exercise was always this enticing, you'd NEVER get me out of the gym! 

I did a standard set of 10 and racked the bar. Nikki was about to move away, but I reached up and touched her right thigh with a finger and said "Hang on, I want to do at another set." "No problem," she replied, and settled back into her chosen spotting position. I did a second set of 10 and racked it and breathed for a moment. Nikki didn't move away this time but she looked at me quizzically. "Let me see if I can make it through a third set—it's been a while" I lied. (Actually, I was thinking that I was already doing better than usual, but with all the extra hormones that had to be pumping through my system at this point, I was ready for anything.) 

I made it through 7 more reps. I lost it on the push-up for the 7th press and said "Take it, please." Nikki immediately reached over me a little and pulled up on the bar and we racked it together. I stayed there gripping the bar for a moment and she smiled at me, then moved her left hand over mine and patted it. I pulled myself off the bench and smiled back, thinking all the while "Oh, my pecs are going to hurt tomorrow!" 

We worked our way around the gym. We did the same exercises only about a third of the time; the rest of the time one of us watched as the other sweated. Nothing else needed spotting (darnit!) as it was all machine work at this point. I did get to admire the way her legs flexed on the leg press and she admired the ripple in my legs and calves on the standing calf raise (my arms and chest may take a while to develop, but my legs stay in stunningly good shape if just I wash them regularly it seems). 

After about 2 hours (we took our time), we got to the mats. I would usually end with 50 crunches. Nikki liked that idea so we both did situps together, facing each other side by side. I so loved watching her tits coming up and jiggling slightly. At the end of this we sat up and panted a little and looked at each other, then Nikki said "I like to end with a back stretch on one of those" and pointed to the big inflatable balls. 

"I've never tried those out," I said. "How do you use them?" 

"There are a couple different ways to use them, but I just lie on it and keep my balance and stretch my back out. It's good for the low back after a day of sitting staring at a computer. Watch." Nikki stood up and moved one of the balls to the center of the mat and carefully laid down on it with her low back centered on the ball. When she was in position, she slowly spread her legs, which were facing off in another direction, and spread her arms out wide so they almost touched the floor. She looked over at me for a second and smiled, then looked back at the ceiling and kind of bounced and squooged around slightly using her legs to move the ball back and forth a couple inches. 

It actually ~did~ look like it was a good back stretch that I thought I'd have to try sometime. Of greater interest was the fact that I was watching Nikki lying spread-eagled with her legs spread. What I couldn't see from where I was sitting I realized I could see most of in the mirrors on the wall... and that's where I watched her. 

Nikki did this for a minute or so, then rolled off and asked if I wanted to try. "No, not this time, I think. I'd like to get in and grab a hot shower." Well, that and I didn't feel like lying spread-eagled in front of everyone so the huge lump in my shorts was sticking out like a handle. "Okay," she said, "that sounds like a good idea to me, too." 

We headed into the locker room. I stripped (careful to hide my hard-on from the two other guys in the changing area), pulled my towel and shampoo out of my locker, and walked towards the showers, casually keeping the towel directly in front of me at all times. I scrubbed heavily and shampooed with vigor. I gave my cock a half dozen jerks, but it was just a "Hi, how are yuh" sort of action. I didn't want to leave Nikki wondering where I was. 

I toweled off (again, facing away from the other guys in the locker room), and got dressed. I left the tie off and just rolled it up in a corner of the gym bag. The shirt was unbuttoned a couple buttons (well, it was after hours, after all). 

Nikki came out just a few seconds after I did. She came up to me and I said "Really good workout." "Yes," she replied. We walked out to the parking area and up to her car. She turned to face me and we just stood there looking at each other for a moment. I took her hands in mine and thought "Damn, I should've done this long ago." 

I said, "I've been wanting to kiss you all day. May I?"

Nikki said, "I've been wanting to kiss you for years," and moved in and kissed me hard. We stood there in the parking lot with our arms wrapped tightly around each other, kissing hot and wet. If the tongue action I was getting when we kissed was any indication, she wasn't kidding about the quality of head she gave! We broke our kiss and looked at each other for a moment, then kissed again, hotter. 

We probably would've kept this up for who knows how long, but we heard a couple guys walking towards their car in the parking lot make an amused comment about the two of us and we pulled apart. "Do you know where my apartment is?" Nikki said. "I know the address, but I've never been there," I replied, "but I can follow you easily enough." "Sounds good. It's only about 3 minutes from here and I'll take you the back way so we don't get separated by traffic lights." I reached out and held her hand for a moment and she said, "Let's go. I don't want to stop, either." We smiled at each other and I ran for my car, a couple rows over. 

I chucked my gym bag into the passenger seat, started up, and pulled out. Nikki was waiting near the entrance of the parking lot. I pulled up behind her. She was watching me in her rear-view mirror. I could see her wink at me and then she touched the tip of her tongue to her upper lip for a second and smiled. Nikki pulled forward slowly. 

I honestly don't recall anything about where we were driving. I noticed there weren't any traffic lights and there wasn't much traffic, but mostly I was watching the back of Nikki's car and focusing intently on not losing her. No chance of that, though, as Nikki was looking in her rear-view mirror about half the time to make sure I was still there. 

We got to the entrance of her apartment complex and pulled in. She motioned me around to the passenger side and the window rolled down. "Visitor parking is over there," she said, pointing at a few empty parking spaces. "Come back here and we'll go in through the garage." I parked my car and ran back to Nikki's car. I got in and leaned over and kissed her. She said "Hang on; I can't drive when you kiss me," but she did put her right hand on my left thigh and gave it a good squeeze for a moment. 

We pulled around to the side of the complex and Nikki used a garage opener to get into an underground parking area. We parked in her spot and walked over to the elevator, holding hands. In the elevator, still holding hands, Nikki made a mock serious face and motioned with her eyes at the security camera. I made a mock serious face back at her. 

We got out of the elevator and walked through a small enclosed courtyard to a stair case. I said "After you," with a bow. Nikki said "Why, thank you, sir!" and walked up, swinging her butt with a considerable flair. I followed, admiringly. She glanced back at me once, saw to her satisfaction that I was watching, and smiled broadly. 

At the top of the stairs, we walked past a couple doors. Nikki unlocked to door to her place and said "Welcome!" I walked in first and looked around. Nice two-bedroom place, very tastefully done in a combination of IKEA and modern art. I poked my head into the kitchen and Nikki's office, saw the door to Nikki's bedroom open and a queen bed with a thick duvet on it, and came back to Nikki who was standing in the living room next to the couch. She'd stepped out of her sandals. "Very nice," I said. 

"I like it," Nikki replied. "You should have come over to see it sooner," and with that, she wrapped her arms around me and started kissing me again. 

I responded in kind and we stood there thrashing our tongues together and running our hands all over each other. We half-sat, half-fell on the couch and we stretched out a bit, kissing hard all the while. I was alternating between pulling her closer to me and running my hands up and down the backs of her thighs while Nikki, after a moment, started pulling my shirt out of my slacks and then unbuttoning my shirt. I could feel that the shirt buttons were proving difficult for her and I broke away for a second, wiped my chin with my sleeve, and said "Give me a second." The buttons came open and I pulled the shirt tails up so the shirt was wide open and then I moved back to kissing Nikki. I felt her hands running all over my torso for a moment, then they slid up to my nipples and started squeezing them. 

Squeezing my nipples has always been a major distraction for me. I have very big nipples and I adore having them played with. I pulled away and lay back, and I moaned. Nikki's eyes sparkled at this and she squeezed almost too hard. I moaned again. Nikki moved in towards me and started kissing my chest up and down while rolling my nipples and then she started licking one of them while squeezing the other. Oh, heavenly! 

I regained my senses enough to reach around with my left arm up between her legs. Cupping her ass, I pulled Nikki in towards me. She moved her face up to mine and we started kissing again. She kept pulling at one of my nipples, while I ran my unoccupied hand over her fabulous breasts. I could feel a sports bra but I could also feel how very firm her breasts were. 

I slipped my hand underneath Nikki's top and slid it around to her back while we kissed. I'd succeeded in getting her left nipple to stand out a little through the sports bra and I was flicking it with my fingers. It looked like this was doing something fun, because Nikki would react every second or third time.

I pulled away and pulled on the base of Nikki's top. She sat up and whipped the top off, revealing a white sports bra that did not look big enough to hold those gorgeous breasts. I stared at them openly. Nikki pulled on the sports bra and freed her breasts, then pulled the bra over her head and threw it on the floor. I finally got to see the breasts I'd imagined for years. They were as firm as I'd imagined, with medium areolae and nice brown nipples. 

I cupped first one breast, then both, and squeezed gently. Nikki leaned back slightly and closed her eyes, a blissful look on her face. I massaged her breasts, squeezing and kneading, then I pushed Nikki back on the couch. I leaned over her and kissed her jaw, then slowly down her neck, then across her shoulders, and slowly down her chest to the valley between her breasts. I worked my all the way down and then I moved over and started kissing the tender skin under her breast. Nikki made a small, happy sound and relaxed into the couch even further. 

I straightened up for a moment, pulled my shirt off and threw it on the floor on the other side of the room, then leaned down and sucked on Nikki's nipple. She made a distinctly throaty sound and put both of her hands on the back of my head and pulled me gently into her. I lay down half on top of her and sucked more, squeezing the other breast with my hand. 

We stayed like that for a couple minutes, but I realized that I still had my shoes. I sat up and started pulling off my shoes and socks. Nikki sat up too, and complicated the process by trying to kiss me while I was doing it. I managed to get them off without incident (although it took three times as long with all the interruptions) and turned back to her to kiss her again. After a moment, Nikki pulled away and started tugging at my belt buckle and zipper. When she'd gotten them loose, she started levering them off my hips and I raised up to help her. 

Nikki pulled the slacks down to below my knees and I half-kicked, half-pushed them off the rest of the way. I was sitting on her couch in nothing but a pair of light gray bikini underwear with a hard-on that was just covered up only because it was pushed to one side and the elastic band was caught on the head. One good tap and it'd spring straight up. 

Nikki admired the bulge for a moment and then hooked her fingers under the band and pulled. My cock sprang out, looking even harder than a few minutes ago when I'd seen it in the shower. Nikki said "I can't tell you how long I've wanted to do this to you" and bent her head down and sucked most of it in to her mouth. 

Nikki was as good at giving head as she'd suggested. She was bobbing her head up and down slowly while running her tongue around and around my cock. It was hot, it was wet, it was drooly - I could feel a little line of saliva running down the inside of my left thigh. I put my arm across her and leaned back. 

I could feel that she was getting pretty far down on my cock - heaven! - and I stretched out across the couch to let my cock stick up farther. Nikki responded by moving her head down a little further and I felt the head of my cock hit her throat occasionally. I had never had someone go deep on me before and it was as good as I'd heard. I reclined completely on the couch. 

Nikki pulled my briefs down to mid-thigh so that they weren't in the way at all. She stretched out further so she was almost parallel to me on the couch and then I could feel her sinking all the way down my cock. I'd never had anyone do that to me before and god, it felt so good! Most of me was losing it and part of me was thinking "Wow! Can I feel her throat squeezing the head, too?" After a moment, there was a faint flutter right behind the head and, yup, that was it! I stopped thinking and just lay there while she massaged the entirely length of my cock with her mouth. 

Nikki slowly pulled her mouth off a couple minutes later and sat down next to the couch with her arm across my thighs. She wiped her mouth with her hand and looked at me and said "Wanna go to the bedroom?" I sat up on the couch and pulled Nikki up to me so she knelt forward and we kissed hotly. (I didn't think I'd ever get enough of feeling those breasts resting on me.) I stood up and we headed to the bedroom. 

By the bed, I pulled my scrunched up briefs off, leaving me totally naked. Nikki still had her skirt on. I knelt in front of her and put my hands on her calves, then ran them up under her skirt until I was cupping her ass-cheeks. I started kissing her tummy. Nikki put her hands on my shoulders and I pulled her into me slightly. I ran my hands around to the front of her thighs and down, then back up, then I moved my right hand up between her legs to her pussy. There was a large damp patch that spread all the way around her panties. I tickled the fabric-covered pussy lips slightly with my fingertips. With both hands, I peeled her cotton panties off from under her skirt. Nikki steadied herself on my shoulders as stepped out of them. 

With her panties out of the way, I gripped her around the waist with my left arm and, still kneeling, resumed my explorations of her hot pussy. Nikki spread her feet slightly to give me easier access. Her hair was matted and I could feel how moist she was. Her mound, which I'd been admiring earlier at the gym, was puffy and her pussy lips seemed large (I still hadn't seen anything at this point). I slid my middle finger all the way in, pulled it out, and slid two fingers in. Nikki moaned in her throat. Buried in her pussy, I rubbed the face of her clit gently with my thumb and cupped my fingers slightly looking for her G-spot. I found it, briefly, because Nikki jerked and gasped (hot damn!) but I lost it again. After about 30 seconds of gently probing and rubbing, I figured I'd better go for a better angle... and I ~really~ wanted to see what I'd been fantasizing about for so long. But before I did that, I had something else on my to-do list. 

I pulled my fingers out of Nikki's pussy. Nikki was the kind of woman who got slippery and thick and my fingers were slightly sticky. I brought them up to my nose and inhaled deeply. Nikki had a strong, clean, slightly musky scent, almost like fresh sweat. I licked my fingers and they tasted slightly sweet, too. Mmmmmmmm!!! I put my head under Nikki's skirt and gave her pussy a long, hot tonguey kiss, after which, I scooted around so Nikki was straddling my right shoulder and I could lean my head back and lick her from underneath. 
