 Perfection. That was exactly how you'd describe her. She is sweet, kind and so pretty. She stands at 5'7 and was only 6 stone. A little skinny for my liking, usually, but there is so much more to her than that. She's a brunette and her locks run halfway down her back, when they aren't tied up under her cap for work. She has got a little mean streak running through her, but I know she is never going to try and hurt me. She loves me too much. (I may not have known it when I first met her, but even in the three months I've known her, I've learnt that.) Her smile is something that just blows me away, I can't get over it. It was always a pleasure going to work, knowing she was there. She recently went through a messy split up with her boyfriend, but I'm refusing to take any blame for it, even though I may have caused him to be a little rash, by being such a good friend to Nikki.

Wednesday. My day off work. No annoying customers to put up with today, just me and my thoughts.

 Why don't you go to the gym, Joe? You need to do some exercise; of you'll just get fat again. I thought to myself. I rolled over in my half asleep world, casting my gaze upon the projector clock. 09:30. I rolled out of bed, grabbed a clean pair of boxer shorts and a towel, pressed play on my stereo and walked to the bathroom. The sounds of Guns 'n' Roses drowned out the rest of the noise in the house. After my shower, I shaved and looked at myself long and hard in the mirror.

See? That gut is coming back already. I looked and there was a small overhang above the waistband of my boxers.

'But there is a six-pack coming out as well.' I said to myself in defence

Prove it. Go to the gym and make it into a proper pack. I was getting on my nerves, so I grabbed my kit and packed a bag for the gym. I went downstairs and grabbed a quick breakfast. Something to give me energy to see the morning out. I grabbed my keys, wallet and phone. As I headed toward the door, I looked at the screen of my phone. '1 new message: Nikki. Read Now?' I looked at the message 

'Hey, huni, I wos just wunderin wot u were doin 2day? Hope I didn't wake you, tb, Nikki x x x x x x x.' I sat down on the stairs and typed a reply:

'U didn't wake me, I wos in the shower. I'm off 2 the gym now and I'll be there until about 12. Wanna come for a quick run or a swim? Joe x.' that text had brought a smile to my face. I walked out of the door, got in the car and drove to the gym. When I'd parked, I looked at my phone. Another message from Nikki:

'I'll b there in a while. Wot r u doin @ the gym 2day?' So I replied to her message:

'It's mainly weights, but I'll use the bike and maybe go for a swim at the end. Txt me when u arrive, will x x x.' I went into the gym, got changed and went up to the exercise suite. I hit the bike and the weights for a while. I'd been there for about 45 minutes, when my phone buzzed, with the arrival of another message from Nikki.

'I'm here. Come down 4 a swim and see me. Luv ya, lvv me. x x x' One last set of repetitions on the bicep curl and I was off down the stairs to the changing rooms. I stripped out of my kit and put on my swimming shorts. I made my way to the pool, where, sure enough, Nikki was.

The sight of her took my breath away. A black 2-piece bikini clung to her perfect form, caressing her large breasts and melding into her tiny waist. I was almost overcome by a rush of blood to my crotch. I gathered my senses and walked over to the shower. I turned it on to cold and regained control of my senses. I walked over to the pool and got in with her. All she was doing was standing in the middle of the pool, staring at me, with a smile on her face. I swam over to greet her. 

'I've never seen you like that before, Joe. Nice muscles.' She tried not to sound patronising, but it wouldn't wash with me. My body isn't as athletic as I'd like, but I do keep trying to improve.

'My body doesn't look as good as yours does.' I waggled my eyebrows at her, causing her face to split into a wide grin. She kicked herself off into a lazy backstroke, leaving me in the middle of the pool. I followed, with a front crawl. Occasionally, we'd stop for a little light conversation, or swap, so she could follow me and watch my body, tantalisingly close to her, for a change.

We swam for about half an hour. I was getting really tired by then, but I didn't want to show it. We reached the end of a length and I noticed that there were a few people getting in the pool, spoiling my fun in a way. Nikki swam over to me.

'Why don't we ditch the pool and hit the spa?' She enquired of me, innocently brushing her submerged hand across my backside. I could feel the electricity building between the two of us.

'One last length and I'll come over.' Without another word, I took off on a quick double length of the pool, to direct the blood flow away from my dick, which was suddenly demanding attention from either me or her. Nikki left the pool and wandered over to one of the two spa pools installed for weary muscles after the hard slog of the gym upstairs. I got out of the pool, satisfied I was not showing off my manhood unduly and walked to the spa.

As I approached, I noticed she had got into the pool and was lying, with her arms outstretched to either side of her and her head back against the wall, looking at the ceiling, with closed eyes. The spa hadn't got around to the Jacuzzi cycle yet, so I could see her tranquil form, just lying there. I got in the pool, as quietly as I could, but she noticed me and just opened her eyes and stared longingly at me. I took the seat on her right.

'I've missed you so badly, Nikki.' I said, lazily drawing doodles on her wet upper arm, with my forefinger. She moved her head, so she looked at me directly.

'What have you missed about me, honey?' Staring at my eyes, as if to try and figure me out.

'This,' I said, putting my left hand around the back of her head and pulling her close to me, I kissed her. Her lips yielded and she opened her mouth, allowing our tongues to dance around one another. It only lasted a few seconds, but it felt like an eternity. A very enjoyable eternity. When we parted, she licked her lips and smiled at me, her mouth ending in two cute little dimples

'You're full of surprises, Joe. I never thought that you'd do that,' I smiled at her, allowing her to caress my pecks. I was enjoying it and I was pretty sure that she'd stop if she wanted to. 'Are you trying to take advantage of me?'

'No… Seduce you, maybe, but definitely not take advantage of you.' I placed my arm around her shoulders, as she moved down to my abs, which were now quite solid after a long workout. I slowly pulled her closer to me, kissed her forehead. 'More like this.'

'Why do you want to seduce me?' Now it was her turn to draw doodles on me. I was beginning to get hard again.

'Well, since before today, I'd only ever seen you wearing clothes, which don't show off your body in the least. And now I see you in this lovely little number, which proves my suspicions.'

'Your suspicions?'

'That you have a beautifully sexy figure.' I laughed, as she prepared her modesty speech.

'I have not!' I glanced down at my crotch and looked back at her.

'Try flying south for the winter and you'll see. That's your doing, that is.' I moved my arm around her waist and kissed her on the lips. She returned it, opening her mouth, to accept my tongue. We kissed long and passionately and I felt her hand straying to my crotch.

'I belong to you; you can do with me as you want.' I told her, breaking off from the kiss. I moved my right hand around to her breast, cupping it and enjoying the smile which crept across her face.

'Let's take this back to my place. I want this done properly.' I waggled my eyebrows at her and she got up and left the tub. I concealed my hard on as best I could (Thankfully, I was wearing baggy shorts) and got out. As she was walking off, she turned around and said

'Meet me in the foyer in 10 minutes. She winked and blew me a kiss. I caught it and blew one back. I made my way to the showers, washed myself and used plenty of cold water on my balls. Eventually, I walked out of the shower, dried, got dressed and went to meet my destiny. I wasn't waiting long, when Nikki appeared from the changing rooms and came over to me.

She was wearing a black T-Shirt and mini-skirt combo. The fishnet stockings were a nice touch, which caused me to put most of my brain power into subduing my libido. I brandished my car keys.

'The chariot awaits, my lady.' I bowed before her. Playfully, she slapped my arm and frowned at me.

'I'm not a lady!' She snapped. I just laughed.

'I know, but I can't call you an alien in public, can I?' She looked at me, in thought.

'RAR!' she growled at me, turning me on again. (Easily done.)

'Come on, the car's not far. Tell me some of your evil plans then. What sorts of experiments do you intent to carry out?'

'That would be telling, save that my house is empty for the next three hours.' Her mischievous grin returned to her face.

'I like the sound of that.' We got to the car and I drove her to her parent's house. Most of the way, I held her hand, letting go only to change gear. We got out of the car and walked inside. 

Once there, she took my hand and lead me upstairs to her room. We kissed, once more entwining our tongues and she started unbuttoning my shirt. I pulled her T-Shirt over her head, exposing her bra-clad breasts to me. We continued to kiss and I moved her around to her bed, lying her down. I unzipped the skirt and pulled it down. I nearly exploded, when I realised, she was wearing stockings and suspenders, one of my fantasies revolved around this, which I'd told her about.

'What is your wish, oh goddess?' She just giggled at me. I moved up the bed to kiss her, and as we kissed again, she started loosening my belt. I kicked my shoes off and assisted her in de-clothing me.

I looked into her eyes, smiled at her and said 'Kat, I love you,' she smiled back at me 'I love you too, baby, but I want you to prove it.' I allowed my hands to find the front-clasp of her bra and allow her nicely sized breasts to roam free. I kissed them and ran my tongue around her hardening nipples. She moaned in anticipation.

'Eat me, Joe. I want to feel your tongue, baby.' Eager to please, I moved south, kissing her pussy through her black silk panties. She was so warm and wet, already. I was eager to lap up the sweet nectar of her sex. I pulled her panties to one side and licked her slit. She shuddered a little and moaned some encouragement to me. I nibbled on her labia and saw her clit, sticking out, at the top of her completely shaven pussy. I popped it into my mouth and teased it with my tongue.

'Yeah, that's the spot, keep doing that, Joe.' She wrapped her legs around my head, to keep me from straying. I manoeuvred myself down a bit, and pushed my tongue within her folds. My nose kept poking her clit, so she was in seventh heaven.

'I'm almost there, yes, yes, yes!' she moaned, her breathing becoming shorter, sharper breaths. I remembered myself and replaced my tongue with two fingers, driving them in deep. That did it for her, she screamed and her pussy clamped itself tight on my two fingers. A trickle of pussy juice escaped from her sex and I eagerly lapped it up. When her orgasm had subsided, she pulled me up and kissed me deeply, eager to taste her juices. I proffered my fingers, which she sucked clean. She stood me up and rolled off the bed.

'Strip, my slave!' She seemed to have taken a whole new persona, since I brought her to orgasm. I obeyed, pulling my socks and boxer shorts off. I stood there, in my 8-inch glory and then remembered. I turned around and fetched a pack of condoms out of my jeans pocket. I suited up and when I turned back, she was wearing her skirt again, but still was topless.

'Now, it's your turn. Stud, I think was what you wanted me to call you?' She laughed at me. I walked over to her and crouched down slightly; she grabbed my dick and positioned it at the entrance to her pussy, rubbing the head up and down her slit. She pushed herself down onto my dick and I stood up, raising her off the ground. Our tongues intertwined once more and I pressed her against the wall, pushing her breasts into my chest.

'Wow, you feel so good.' I managed to get the sentence out, before she smothered me with her kissing once more. She wrapped her legs around my hips and I lowered my hands to her hips. I drove into her, making her take all of me balls deep. She screamed, when I took up the frantic pace, so I slowed, wanting the moment to last forever. 

'I've wanted you to have this since the day we first met. I want you forever, Joe!' She panted at me, in between my thrusts. I turned around and walked the pair of us over to the bed, where I lay her down and continued to pound her. I pushed her legs back, so I could get even deeper into her pussy.

'Nikk, I can't hold on much longer! I'm gonna come!' My eyes pleaded to her for instruction. She looked at me and smiled.

'Come on my tits, Joe. I want you to lose that load, where I can see it.' She grinned, as I pulled out and struggled to free my dick from its plastic prison. She sat in front of me and watched with fascination, as I jerked my dick, eager to shoot on her magnificent bosom. She reached out and, with the gentlest of caresses, rubbed her fingers on my ball sack. That pushed me over the edge, as I sent stream after stream of spunk out across the air, to land on her breasts. Smiling, she rubbed it in, moaning and giggling at the same time.

When I had finished coming, she grabbed my dick and licked a trail up from my balls to the tip, where one last drop of my come lay. She lapped it up and swallowed it, expertly. We both collapsed on the bed, exhausted. We slept for about twenty minutes and awoke in each other's arms.

'I meant it, Nikki… I really love you.'

'I know, Joe, I know.' She kissed my forehead and hugged me tightly. I returned the hug. We lay there, for about an hour, but we could not linger, lest her parents or siblings catch us in this position.

We both got dressed and we had a quick snack lunch. I noticed she was now wearing her uniform for work

'Ah, that place always spoils my fun. Do you need a lift, because I'm heading that way?' She smiled and hugged me once more. 

'Of course I do, honey. That's one reason I brought you here.' She kissed me deeply and we walked out to the car, no longer just friends, but lovers, in love.

I drove her to work and as she got out of the car, I asked her 'Nine O'clock finish? I'll be by the back door, waiting.' I winked and she laughed, walking the rest of the way into work, with a smile on her face. Content with my job done for now, I drove home, in bliss.

There was no other way to say it. We were in love, and we still are today. I hope to take our relationship to the next level someday, but who knows when?