 The door opened crashing into the wall as Jay entered the shop. He was late again for his shift and he knew he was going to be in trouble this time. This was the third time this week and the boss would not be too happy with him. It wasn't his fault the buses were late but it was his fault he had over slept meaning he had to catch the later bus. Hoping tonight was going to be a quieter shift than the others he made his way into the back of the shop to get changed.

Damn, someone was in the staff room getting changed, more than likely it was Nikki the new team leader. Jay contemplated changing in the toilets but that meant going back round the front and he didn't fancy doing that. Instead he stood waiting tapping his foot with impatience.

Nikki got changed into her uniform before putting her long hair under her hat. Checking her makeup was fine she opened the door nearly falling over Jay as he pushed past her to get in the staff room.

"Hey watch what you're doing Jay."

"Soz."

"And hurry up you're late again." She called to him as he slammed the door shut.

Through the door she heard him mumble as she went round to start her shift. She hated Monday nights they were always quiet. But, at least, she had Jay to keep her amused. He was the same age as she was but seemed younger with his attitude. Tall blonde and with dimples in his smile she found it hard to stay annoyed with him even when he was annoying the hell out of her.

Out on the front the tea time rush had started. Rush it was more like a trickle, she thought as she served them. It was only a small shop but it could get busy, but not tonight. For some reason she knew it wasn't going to get very busy. Even driving to work the roads had been quiet and it normally followed that the shop would be quiet as well. Time to get some cleaning done she thought.

Deep in thought she did not hear Jay walk up behind her.

"Hey gorgeous." He shouted down her ear making her jump.

"Bloody hell you almost killed me doing that." She said turning to face him. Jay was holding his stomach as he laughed. "My heart works at least."

"It had to be done, you were miles away."

"Yeah Yeah, somewhere hot and sunny drinking cocktails and sunbathing." She laughed back.

"Mmm and very sexy you would look in a bikini." Jay replied, his blue eyes twinkling with mischief.

"Don't be daft. Me in a bikini that's not going to happen anytime soon. I don't own one for starters." She knew he was only joking with her but it made her feel good to think he liked her enough to say something like that. The scars from her eczema could not be hidden by her tattoos and she had always been self-conscience of them. Even in summer she wore long trousers and tops that covered her. 

"Excuse me, is anyone serving here?" 

Distracted by the customer she went to serve them. Behind her Jay watched her walk away and he felt his cock twitch in his trousers. Sighing heavily he knew he didn't stand a chance with her she was way out of his league. Her long hair fell to her waist when it wasn't hidden under her hat and her almond shaped brown eyes stole his soul every time she looked at him. On more than one occasion he had stopped himself from kissing her. They had a good friendship and he didn't want to spoil it with a something as simple as a kiss. Her slender body was unlike any he normally found attractive but her slight curves fitted well on her frame. Willowy was the word he thought of to describe her.

His cock twitched once more and he shifted uncomfortably as it grew. Standing behind the counter he could hide it but if he moved he knew he would be in trouble.

Over the next few hours they worked well as a team serving and cleaning. Before he knew it he was starting his close down. Cleaning the front counter he saw that the stock was low and as it was quiet decided that he would stock it up for the next shift in. Kneeling on the floor he looked to see what he needed, not hearing as Nikki walked round to speak to him.

"How's it going round here?" her voice made him jump and he looked up startled. His eyes met her legs as she stood in front of him. Groaning slightly he stopped himself from making that small move to kiss the junction between her legs where they met. Her trousers fitted like a second skin and glancing quickly he realised he couldn't see a panty line making his hands itch to touch and find out.

"Earth to Jay, come in Jay."

"What?"

"How's it going round here?" she said her voice low. Jay on his knees was a sight to see. From behind he looked delicious with his rounded ass in the air. Her fingers wanted nothing more than to dig deep into each cheek as he took her but she knew it could not happen. The guy was hot on every level. In some ways he reminded her of the surfer gods she had seen on her holidays to Australia with her parents. Normally she preferred her men big bad and bald but there was something special about Jay, something she wanted to explore but was too scared to think about.

"Earth to Nikki, come in Nikki."

"What?"

"What do you want me for?"

"How's it looking round here?"

"Just the stocking up to do and then we are all done."

"Cool."

Looking at him she found herself blushing his blue eyes were pale with hints of grey flecked through them. Why did he have to be such a good friend, she thought, why not a stranger then things would not be so complicated? It was never a good thing to date a work mate, even if she did stand a chance with him, which she didn't.

His eyes held hers and gulping deeply she finally turned away. Returning to her paperwork Nikki couldn't get Jay out of her head.

Jay shook his head. What the hell had just happened? There seemed to have been something that had passed between them. Not one for flowery words he tried to find something to describe what it was but nothing worked other than, fucking hot. His cock was straining in his trousers and he had hoped she had not seen it. Going back to his job he tried to distract himself. Time and again he fetched stock round until all the shelves were full. Satisfied with what he had done Jay took a breath before getting himself a much deserved drink.

The shop was quiet and glancing at the time he saw that they could close in five minutes. All his jobs were done other than throwing the bins out. Walking round the back he went to get the keys to lock up. Leaning against the counter Nikki had her face scrunched up in a frown. In her hands she held her phone.

"What's up?" he asked leaning against the counter with her.

"Men."

"Okay what's happened now?"

"Not much other than the normal. I ended it a few weeks back with Phil but he won't take no for an answer."

Jay had heard some of what had happened between the two of them but he was determined to stay out of it. He had never liked the guy but who was he too say anything.

"He says he is coming down here tonight to sort stuff out but as far as I'm concerned there isn't anything to sort out. I ended it and that's it"

"Have you tried..."

"Nikki I know you're in here, get your ass round here now."

Nikki blanched realising that Phil was in the shop her hands shook as she put her phone on the counter and walked round.

"Do you want me to deal with it?" Jay asked quietly.

"No I need to do it myself and hopefully he will get the message this time."

"In that case I'll come round with you."

"Thanks."

Jay followed as Nikki walked round to the front. Phil stood the other side of the counter. His face was contorted with anger and Jay knew there would be no reasoning with him. Standing behind Nikki he hoped that she would be able to stand up to the man. Phil was a big bloke well over six foot tall bald and tattooed, Nikki was tiny in comparison.

"What do you want Phil?"

"I want you Nikki."

"But I don't want you. We are over and you know it. Now please leave the shop." Nikki kept her voice calm hoping not to antagonise him. Phil's temper was the reason she had ended it between them. She hated walking round like she was on egg shells all the time.

"Are you fucking pretty boy there?" Phil nodded indicating Jay.

"I am not fucking Jay as you put it, and if I was it's got nothing to do with you."

Jay felt his hackles rise as he listened to Phil and Nikki. Stepping forward he felt Nikki place her hand on is leg and he felt his cock harden. Not now, he thought, not now. Taking a breath he stopped what he was about to do instead he concentrated on the hand caressing his leg.

"Go for it pretty boy and I will knock you in the middle of next week."

"Phil if you don't leave I will have no choice but to call the police, and I know you don't want me to do that considering..." Nikki left the sentence hanging knowing that Phil wouldn't want the police involved with this. "Plus all of this is on CCTV so don't even think about doing anything. I have had enough of you and how you treated me. Now listen to me and listen closely. WE ARE OVER."

"But Nikki..."

"Don't but Nikki me. We are over and I don't want to see you in here again." Her hand held onto Jay's leg as she spoke and deep in her brain she registered how good it felt. Slowly she moved her hand up and down feeling the muscles under the fabric of his uniform. Squeezing gently she wanted to explore further but with Phil standing in front of the counter she didn't dare risk it. 

"This isn't over."

"Yes it is I'm not going to tell you anymore. It's over end of story. Now go otherwise I will call the police. We shut fifteen minutes go and I still have jobs to do." Jay's leg felt so good under her hand. Higher it went until she heard a small intake of breath behind her.

"Pretty boy if I find out you have been fucking my girl I will rip your head off."

"I'm not your girl."

"She isn't your girl."

Both of them spoke at the same time. Jay would have found it funny but he was trying to stay calm as Nikki played havoc with his leg. He didn't think his cock could get any harder. Very slowly he felt her hand rub up and down his thigh as she spoke to Phil. 

"I will deal with you later Nikki." Phil shouted as he backed up glancing at the ceiling where she had indicated the cameras were. "And as for you pretty boy, watch your back. I know you are fucking her."

"Phil just go, she doesn't want you and you know that. I am not fucking her." A hand slid up his leg and grasped his cock over the material and he bucked slightly. Her hand was delicious on him and all he wanted to do was feel her hand against skin. His leg quivered with each stroke of her hand and his cock twitched even harder. Placing his hand against her ass he squeezed gently feeling her firm muscles underneath. 

"You would say that. Well guess what pretty boy you will never fuck her the way I do. She fucks like a bitch in heat and I'm the only one that can control her."

Disgusted by Phil Jay moved quickly. Jumping the counter he grabbed Phil by the throat and pushed him against the wall.

"Don't ever talk about Nikki like that. She is not a bitch and she does not need to be controlled. Now if you don't fuck off I will personally throw you out." His face contorted with rage jay threw Phil away from him knocking a chair over as he did. The noise echoed in the room as Phil scrambled to his feet. Rushing at Jay he snarled his hatred. Ducking Jay caught the glancing blow from Phil's punch causing him to stagger slightly.

"STOP NOW." Nikki shouted. Shaking she stood between them hoping they didn't hit her as they fought. Blows reined between them and Nikki noticed the blood on Jay's face. Pushing Phil away she screamed up at him.

"Fuck off now. I am not yours now or ever. Get that into your thick skull." As she shouted she hit him, each punch emphasising her words.

The tension in the air was almost visible between them all. Jay stood breathing heavy against the wall waiting to see if the other guy got the message. He knew he was going to be in big trouble after the bosses saw the footage on the cameras. He should not have hit Phil but he could not stand back and hear him disrespect Nikki. 

Spitting blood onto the floor Phil pointed at Jay. "This isn't over pretty boy."

Pushing against him Nikki spoke. "Fuck off now Phil." Turning Phil walked out and Nikki breathed a sigh of relief. Walking over to Jay she looked up at him wincing as she saw the damage Phil had inflicted on him. Bruises were starting to appear on his face and his lip was cut. Standing on tip toe she gently kissed where the cut was. For a moment nothing happened then the kiss deepened. Reaching round Jay pulled her closer loving the feel of her slight frame against his bigger one. Parting her lips with his tongue he probed her mouth with his encouraging her to take it deeper still. Cupping her ass gently he lifted her up letting her wrap her legs around him. Still he took the kiss deeper probing her mouth even further. Her lips felt soft against his and he felt his cock grow hard once again. Placing her on the counter he pushed away from her. The separation was almost painful as their lips parted. Reaching up he pulled her hat from her head and untied her hair watching as it cascaded down her back. Fuck she looked sexy, he thought, drinking in her dishevelled look. Hooded with lust her eyes seemed darker somehow and her lips fuller. His hands found the buttons on her blouse and with a small smile on his face he reached for them, undoing them one at a time until they were all open. Pushing it aside he gazed at her breasts hidden by the black lace bra she wearing.

"Fuck me." he whispered. Pushing her shirt fully off Jay took hold of the straps on her bra and slipped them from her shoulders. His cock was rock hard in his trousers now and he could feel it twitching in his pants.

"Should have done this ages ago." He said huskily. 

"So why didn't you?"

Jay shrugged finding no words to tell her what he was thinking instead he placed a finger on her lips. He watched mesmerised as she sucked it into her mouth her eyes telling him just what she intended to do with it.

Nikki held his hand to keep it steady and with her mouth she gently sucked on the finger he had placed on her mouth to silence her. Swirling her tongue around it she wished it was his cock that was in her mouth. Later maybe she would do to it what she was doing now. Her nipples hurt in her bra and she felt exposed as she sat on the counter for all to see if they walked past the shop. With her free hand she reached out and took his cap from his head throwing it across the lobby. His blonde hair stood out against his dark shirt and she gripped it tightly still wondering how they had come to be doing what they were doing. Still she sucked on his finger taking it deep into her mouth nibbling on it before letting it out with a small pop. Smiling shyly she waited to see what would happen next.

Jay groaned loudly as he watched her do what she was doing. The perfect O her mouth formed around his finger looked so dirty but so right and in his head he saw her mouth wrapped around his cock as she knelt in front of him. Reaching behind her he undid the clasp that held her bra together letting it fall from her completely. Her breasts were perfect globes of flesh standing proud on her chest with rock hard nipples topping them. His mouth drooled at the thought of taking them one at a time. Wanting more he undid her trousers pulling them from her and dragging them down her legs. Tugging at her shoes he took them off the sound of them hitting the tiled floor loud in the silence between them. Finally she sat before him her slender body exposed for him to look at. A slow blush travelled over her skin as she looked back at him and he licked his lips at what he saw. Sat on the counter in just her lace thong he could see she was shaved completely.

"You look good enough to eat Nikki." Leaning forward he placed a tiny kiss on the red bow he could see. 

Leaning back Nikki closed her eyes waiting for the feeling of Jay's mouth on the lace of her thong. Her pussy ached to be touched but she was too nervous to ask him. Splayed open for all to see she didn't care about anything other than the man in front of her. His blonde head was between her legs and the thought made her ache even more. The sound of her thong ripping made her eyes open suddenly and she saw Jay standing in front of her with it in his mouth. The sight of it made her giggle and her breasts jiggled at the movement. Lust flared in his eyes and they appeared to darken as he closed them slightly. Dropping her thong on the floor like a white flag in the heat of a battle he pushed her legs even further apart. As he looked at her pussy she felt a drop of moisture escape her and her clit throbbed in response. Wide open and turned on Nikki wanted to feel him inside of her. The way he held her gaze made her shiver with need but she could not look away. The man she had wanted since she had started to work with him was standing in front of her. And she was naked.

"Wow. You look amazing." Jay said finally.

"Thanks." 

Giving her a cheeky smile Jay slowly undid his shirt throwing it to the floor as he held her gaze. Reaching for the belt on his trousers he undid the buckle making Nikki gulp hard. Her eyes were riveted on what his hands were doing and as he slipped the belt off her clit pulsed in need.

"I'm going to fuck you." Slipping his feet from his shoes he pushed his trousers down kicking them to one side. Soon Jay's boxers joined his other clothes on the floor and Nikki found herself licking her lips.

"Oh fuck." She whispered. His cock stood out hard and dripping pre-cum as he held it for her, his hand moving up and down it gently. Pulling her forward he picked her up and deliberately lowered her onto his cock pushing her back against the counter. Holding on to him she kissed his shoulder mewling softly as she felt it enter her. The feeling of being filled was exquisite and her body shuddered with the need to have more of him in her. Gripping him tightly she threw her head back and let him set the pace. Slowly at first he fucked her but with each thrust her need for him grew and she moaned loudly in his ear.

"Harder."

Her back hurt as he pushed deeper inside of her but she didn't care. All she wanted was this feeling to never end, this feeling of fullness that he had caused. Digging her nails into his back Nikki growled her need into the room.

"More."

"You want more?" Jay said his voice low and hard.

"Yes."

Lifting her from him Jay spun her round her long hair a cloak of blonde down her back. Nikki leant against the counter thrusting her ass into the air and looking over her shoulder.

"Now fuck me like you mean it."

Snarling almost Jay held her hips and drove his cock deep inside her. Holding onto the counter for dear life Nikki thrust her ass further in the air wanting more. Mewling with each thrust she reached between her legs seeking out her clit. In the pit of her stomach she could feel her orgasm building a snake that curled itself around her insides and strove to escape her. Her fingers felt his cock as it entered her again and again. Never had such a movement been so erotic and her knees quivered as the feeling almost overwhelmed her. Her clit felt swollen and tender to the touch but she needed the release the touch would bring. All shift she had watched him work and all shift she had wanted him. Never had she imagined he wanted her as well.

The snake inside of her grew curling itself ever tighter around her stomach. Gasps came from somewhere and she was shocked to realise it was her making them. Her fingers played with her clit and the orgasm built in the pit of her stomach. Jay groaned behind her thrusting even harder than before. Harder and harder he pushed the silence broken by the noises they were making. Just as she couldn't take it anymore her orgasm tore through her and she cried out with pleasure. Lights danced in her eyes and a kaleidoscope of colour flooded her brain.
