 I first met her when she sent me feedback on a story I had written and had published on a popular erotic web site. 

"I got so hot and wet thinking about having you tell me to take off my panties and spread my pussy lips for you to take pictures. Your story got me so wet and horny; I had to finger my sweet, tight pussy while I imagined you closely watching. 

Thanks for a great cum.

Kisses, Nikki"

Naturally, every writer likes to hear comments like this from his or her readers, but this comment also included her email address. I dropped her a line thanking her for her comments on my story and sent it on its way. I had forgotten that I have a link to my web site; a site that features my erotic photography, at the bottom of all my emails.

Time passed and I had forgotten all about Nikki and her comments, until one day, out of the blue, I received another email from her. It seems that she had been thinking about my abilities with a camera and wanted to know if I would be available to shoot some photos of her when she traveled to a city, not too far from where I live, on business.

I wrote back that I thought we could come up with a plan and asked if she had anything specific in mind for her photographs. She replied that she was confidant in my abilities as a photographer and she would leave all those decisions to me. She would call me before she left her home and then again after her business was concluded. We would then make our plans definite for her shoot.

I was at home and staring blankly at my monitor, wondering how I was going to get the main character of my latest story, to do what I wanted him to do, when the phone rang. I answered and heard a delightful southern drawl on the other end.

"Hi, this is Nikki."

"Nikki, it's so good to finally be able to put a voice to your emails." I said. "Are you already in Virginia?"

"No, Darlin', I'm still in Texas. I just wanted to call and talk to you, if you have the time." 

"Sure, I have time, what's on your mind?" I asked.

"Well, Darlin', for starters, you never asked me what I looked like." She said, "Aren't you the least bit curious?"

"Yeah, well, sure I am, but I don't like to bring that up in an email. It gives me that dirty old man image." I laughed nervously.

"Hell, Darlin', I was hoping that you were!" She laughed and then continued, "The thought of you taking my picture is very arousing. And having you tell me exactly how you want me to pose would be extremely hot and very erotic too. I'll just have to put myself totally in your capable hands."

"Nikki," I said quietly, "I don't know for sure, but it sure sounds to me like you're getting hot and bothered talking about this right now. Are you?"

"I might be, just a little." She whispered, "I hope it doesn't offend you"

"Not in the least." I said, "In fact, I find it rather exciting."

"Do you?" She asked. "Why don't you tell me a little about yourself?" 

"I don't have very much to tell you." I said, "I'm a photographer first and foremost, but I dabble in graphic design and Photoshop. I'm a veteran of the war in Viet Nam and don't belong to any organization that might be connected to it. I'm married and have been for the last thirty-five years, all to the same woman.

I'm six foot three inches tall and weigh two hundred and thirty five pounds. I have blue eyes and long blondish gray hair and a full, neatly trimmed beard. I smoke and have been known to take a drink now and again. I don't gamble or use impolite words in front of women or children and I have never in my life, mistreated an animal."

"Well, that covered a lot, thank you; I have a mental picture of what you look like." She said.

"Now it's you turn," I told her, "Tell me about you."

"I'll have to get to know you better before I tell you too many personal things about myself. I will tell you though, I'm five foot nine and a half inches tall and weigh one hundred and forty five pounds soaking wet. I have a very athletic but curvy body; some might call it an hourglass figure like Cybil Shepherd has. I work out and take very good care of myself. I'm a natural blond with blue gray eyes and an infectious smile. My nails and toes are always manicured and painted. I'm a natural 36DD with lovely responsive, rosy nipples and my legs are long and shapely from many years of ballet.

"Damn, you sound like my kind of woman." I told her.

"I assure you that I am," she said, "And as soon as I know you a little better, you'll see for yourself." 

"Damn, woman, I can't wait."

"Well, Darlin', you'll just have too."

We chatted for a while longer and she informed me that if everything went according to schedule, she would be in my area by the next week end and was looking forward to seeing my studio and posing for the erotic photos. I told her that I had planned something even better than a studio photo shoot; we were going to do the shoot out in the woods; just her and me and with Mother Nature as a backdrop.

The week passed slowly as a week will do when you're looking forward to something, but finally, the long awaited day arrived. The phone rang at noon and I heard her sweet voice tell me that her work was finished and that she was leaving soon. I told her where I would meet her along the way and what I would be wearing, and then we said our good-bys and hung up.

Two hours later, I was sitting on the tailgate of my truck at one of the scenic pullovers along the parkway, constantly checking my watch and all the vehicles that entered as I waited for her to arrive.

A mini van pulled in and parked next to me, effectively blocking my view of the incoming traffic. Three kids of descending ages and their parents emerged and walked to the overlook to admire the view. It was such a family thing that I thought I'd better take a picture of it while I had the chance. I had taken several candid shots, when a voice that I immediately recognized, spoke to me. 

"I swear, Darlin', you look much more handsome that what I had imagined."

I turned and saw a tall blond woman smiling at me. She was dressed in business clothes, her jacket open. A silk, almost transparent blouse, tucked in at the waist; two buttons undone, drawing attention to the cleavage of her large breasts. A tight skirt that stopped about mid thigh, showing off her long shapely legs enclosed in sheer pantyhose, and open toed shoes that showcased her painted toenails.

She was everything she had told me and more. I smiled back and offered my hand to her. She stepped towards me and put her arms around my neck, kissing me quickly on the lips.

"I feel as if I already know you, George, and thought a kiss would be more appropriate, and perhaps, appreciated."

"Yes, it was, Nikki, I was just a little taken aback is all." I said

"Let me just look at you, Darlin'." She said as her eyes traveled slowly down and then back up my body, nodding her head in apparent approval.

"My, but you are a big boy aren't you?"

"Yep." I said, giving her my best ah shucks smile.

"I didn't take the time to grab something to eat and I'm starved." She said, "You don't have any idea where we can grab a bite, do you?"

"As a matter of fact, I took the liberty to buy fried chicken and some cold drinks, thinking you might be hungry. We can sit at those picnic tables and eat."

"My, you do think of it all don't you?

"I sure try, Nikki." 

We walked to the tables and set our food down and I grabbed a couple of drinks, handing one to her. There was a young couple sitting at one of the other tables directly across from us, and as she swung her legs under the table to sit down, I saw his eyes widen in shock. His friend, seeing the bewildered look, also turned around and stared at us. I looked at Nikki, but she just smiled at me and patted the bench next to her, asking me to sit. 

"There's something I want to tell you about me," she said, "I quite often enjoy engaging in mild exhibitionism. Nothing to blatant, but enough to really get my juices flowing, if you know what I mean?"

"Like how, Nikki."

"Well, there was this one occasion when, for some reason, I got so horny when these three construction workers whistled at me and told me what gorgeous breasts I had. They said that they were really enjoying the view so I unbuttoned another button on my blouse and stroked my breasts and nipples for them. They loved it and it really excited me." 

"Are you always this outspoken, Nikki, or are you trying to turn me on?"

"Yes, and yes, Darlin', is it working?" She asked as she glanced at my crotch and then placed her hand on my thigh and squeezed gently.

"There was another occasion, just recently, when I was at the mall. I noticed a man following me. When I would stop to look at something in a store, he would try and get near enough to see down my blouse or once, even close enough behind me on the escalator, to look up my short dress. 

"I wasn't wearing any panties that day and decided to make his wish come true. When I was sure he was close enough behind me, I stopped and bent over from my waist to pick something up off the floor. As I bent over, I could feel my pussy spreading for him to view my luscious pink inner lips and I came hard, right then and there, without even touching myself."

"Lucky fellow," was all I managed to say at that moment.

"I'm not wearing any panties today either, George, what did you think those guys were looking at?"

"Well, I did wonder if I had monkeys on my face or something, as hard as they were looking." 

"Poor Darlin', don't worry," she said as she squeezed my thigh again, "Your going to see a lot more than they did before this day is over."

Have you ever noticed how hard it is to try and swallow food, when your cock suddenly swells in your jeans and makes its presence known?

"There's more I want you to know, before we leave." She said to me rather conspiratorially.

"I'm almost afraid to ask," I said, laughing lightly.

"I love to be secretly touched in public, like at the movies or in an elevator, or even in the hallway of a hotel. I fanaticize about someone seeing me being finger fucked under the table at a nice restaurant or for that matter, right here, under this table." 

She looked at me with a half smile on her face, licked a crumb of food off her lips and took my hand and placed it in her lap. Her legs parted slightly and I looked at the couple in front of us and watched their eyes as my hand disappeared under her skirt, my fingers quickly finding her already wet pussy.

I felt her shudder as my finger slid up and down her wet slit, probing briefly at the entrance to her cunt. I rubbed her clit and I felt her shudder once again, her eyes locked on the couple in front of us.

"Gawd, that feels good." She moaned so quietly that only I could hear. "Put your finger in me as far as you can, George, I'm so close to cumming."

I pushed my finger in her pussy, as far her tight skirt would allow me, my thumb brushing against her clit. She groaned and squeezed her legs together, bucking her hips against my hand. Her face and neck had turned a deep pink color and her breathing was quick and irregular. As she came, she let out all the air in her lungs in one big whoosh, and put her head on the table.

I pulled my finger out of her pussy and brought it to my mouth and slowly licked her juices off. She saw me do this and moaned again, her body giving one final twitch as she came again.

I glanced at the couple across the way and saw that they both wore big smiles and were silently applauding our little performance. I nodded my head towards them and Nikki waved weakly from her spot at the table.

After Nikki recovered enough to finish her drink, we threw away our trash and walked towards my truck. 

"Do you want to leave your car here and go with me or what?" I asked her.

"I really don't want to leave it here, is there a more private place nearby where I can park it?"

"Yeah, just follow me for a few miles and I'll show you where to park." I said. "You couldn't take that car where were going anyway."

"Ohhh, sounds like were going to be in the wilderness." She said.

"Just wait and see Nikki, but I think you'll like it."

For the next two or three miles I lead Nikki over a scenic route to a small pullover that was partially hidden from view and known only by a few of us that live around here. I parked and walked back to her car and saw her as she was leaning down into the back seat, removing a small suitcase. Her fine ass and part of her still damp pussy, was on full display and my cock immediately stood to attention. I walked up and rubbed her ass cheeks and then slipped my finger up and down the crack of her ass until I let it slip in between the folds of her cunt. I wasted no time in pushing my finger into her pussy and she responded by pushing back against my hand and moaning loudly.

"Oh damn, George, that feels so good, but fuck me faster with your finger and rub my clit and tits too." She told me.

Try as I might, I couldn't do everything she wanted done to her with just two hands, so I did the next best thing. I stepped back and undid my jeans and let them drop to my ankles. I pulled my swollen cock out of my drawers and stepped towards her and pressed my cock against her ass. She saw what was coming and bent over further, putting her forehead on the seat and spreading her legs as wide as she could. 

I took my cock and slid the head up and down her slit until it was covered with her wetness and then found her tight opening and pressed my cock as deep as it would go into her cunt. I heard her sigh contently and start grinding her ass against my hips.

I was already worked up from our little fingering session at the picnic table and knew that I wasn't going to last long before I flooded her cunt with a massive load of cum. She must have sensed my urgency too.

"Go ahead and cum, George; I know you need to Darlin'. She cried, "Cum in me now!"

I could feel my balls tightening and the head of my cock enlarging; I grabbed her hips and pulled her tightly against me as my back arched into her and the first stream of white hot cum boiled out of my cock and splattered against the insides of her tight cunt. 

My cock pumped three more spurts of cum deep in her pussy, her ass twitching against me as I withdrew from her cum flooded cunt. I leaned and kissed her gently on the back of her neck and nibbled her ear. She sighed contently and pushed her ass against me one last time.

"Is my pussy tight and hot enough for you?" She asked.

"Oh God, yes, Nikki, I've never been in a tighter pussy."

She turned and put her arms around me, kissing me hard on the lips. She pulled back and looked at me and then put her hand between her legs.

"Just look at how wet and messy you've made me, Darlin'," she said, showing me her hand coated with out combined juices.

"Well, I'll just have to clean you up, won't I?" I said as I gently pushed her back against the backseat of her car. She paused long enough to pull her skirt up around her hips, and then lying down, spread her legs.

I knelt between her legs and pulled her ass closer to the edge of the seat. Her bikini waxed pussy, spread wide for my pleasure. I kissed the insides of her thighs, switching from one to the other, slowly working my way to her wet pussy. When finally my nose just barely brushed against her slit; I heard her sharp intake of breath, her hands reaching for the back of my head, and then pulling me forward, urging me to hurry.

I surrendered my face to her pussy, pressing my mouth against her wetness, our wetness. My tongue; licking and probing the sweet folds of her pussy, sucking her lips into my mouth and then diving quickly to her center and drinking our combined essence.

She removed one hand from my head and placed it on her mound, her fingers quickly finding her swollen clit. 

"Oh God, George, lick me, eat my pussy. Put your tongue in me as far as you can. I love it when a man eats my cunt."

It wasn't long before she gripped my head between her legs her hips bucking hard against my penetrating tongue.

"I'm cumming. Goddamn, I'm cumming hard, George, keep fucking me with your tongue."

I redoubled my efforts until at last; she breathed a deep contented sigh and unclasped her legs from around my head. I helped her out of the car and she pulled her short skirt back into place.

"Oh, Darlin', I sure needed that cum. You sure know how to eat a woman's pussy."

"Let's just say that I've had lots of practice and you know what they say about that?"

"Practice makes perfect." We both said in unison and then burst out laughing.

We gathered the rest of her belongings from her car and I loaded them in the back of my truck. I opened the door for her and after she was settled, reminded her to wear her seatbelt as I shut her door.

"How far is it to the spot you have picked out for us?" She asked.

"Not too far as the crow flies," I told her, "But with these back roads, about thirty minutes."

"I can't wait to see it." She said. "By the way, I brought some little nothings that I want to wear when we start the shoot."

"Not a problem at all. Wear as little or as much as you want. I'll do the rest."

We finished the drive with me pointing out several spots of interest and a fawn that was crossing the road ahead of us. I turned off road and put my truck in four-wheel drive to continue the trip. The path ahead of us seemed to be growing smaller and narrower and she looked at me uncertainly, but I assured her that I knew exactly where we were going.

Five minutes later, after much bouncing and bumping, we entered a small clearing surrounded by tall oaks and a few white pines. There was a small stream that cut the clearing almost in half, but lack of rain had reduced its size and walking across it was not a problem.

"This is simply beautiful." She said looking around, "How did you ever find this place?"

"I've tromped these hills for years, looking for places and things to photograph. I know several places like this one."

"Where do you want to start?" She asked.

"How about right here?" I replied, taking my camera from its case.

She started to remove her clothing and I snapped several photos of her. When she took off her blouse and undid her bra, her large breasts came into view and almost took my breath away. They were perfectly shaped, round and firm. Her pinkish nipples, already hard under my gaze, were surrounded by a darker pink areole that just seemed to beg to be licked. She put her hands under both globes and offered them for my ever seeing camera to record and I was ever so happy to oblige.

Voluptuous is a word that's tossed about freely today, but Nikki was all that and more. Nude, she presented a striking appearance. Large breasts and a narrow waist, her hips flaring perhaps a little wider that she might have liked; but her ass, as I already knew from first hand experience, was round and soft, and so completely and utterly fuckable.

She put a pair of very brief white thongs on and then stopped and looked around at the surroundings and decided to take them off.

"I haven't worn panties all day so there's no sense starting now, is there Darlin'?" She said, "And besides, I want you to take some real close up shots of my pussy. Would you like that?"

"Hell yes, Nikki, whatever you want." I quickly replied.

The next hour was spent with me following her around the clearing, taking photos at her direction. She would raise her arms and gracefully twirl around and around, her blond hair flying in the breeze. Then she would run just ahead of me, bend over and tell me to take a picture of her pussy from between her ass cheeks. Next, she would lie on the ground and open her legs wide and have me get several shots as she touched herself.

Watching her cavort nude around the clearing had made my cock painfully hard and being confined inside my jeans, almost unbearable.
