 It was my first week away at college, and freshman orientation was in full swing. The sweet smell of teenage emancipation was in the air. Those hot August days in Alabama only exaggerated the sexual tension between the barely legal coeds. Of course I had come to college to get and education, but that was secondary to indulging in my share of sexual escapades. Hundreds of miles away from the watchful eyes of my parents, I intended to capitalize on every opportunity that my newfound freedom afforded me.

After the first week of classes I was beat, and a little disappointed that I hadn't made a love connection yet. I made it back to my dorm at about 3:30, and dropped my keys and books on the bed. I noticed that the red message button was flashing on the answering machine. I was surprised to hear an unfamiliar male voice.

"Um..hello, this message is for Nina. My name is Richie, and I'm in your psychology class. I missed the lecture this morning and I was wondering if I could borrow your notes. My number is 5743. I hope you don't mind me calling. Thanks in advance. Bye."

Richie's voice was sexy and deep with a little hint of shyness. The slow and deliberate way he spoke had already begun to turn me on. I had a feeling that we would be sharing more than just class notes. In an attempt to remember what Richie might look like, I scanned my memory. I laid across my bed, allowing my mind to drift away for a bit imagining the possibilities. After a few moments I decided to call Richie back. I took a deep breath and waited nervously as the phone rang.

"Hello?"
"May I speak with Richie please?"
"This is Richie."
"Hi, this is Nina. You called me earlier about the psych notes."
"Hey, well thanks for callin' me back, 'cause I really need those notes for the quiz on Monday. When would be a good time for me to swing by and get them?"
"Well I'm all done with classes for today, so anytime this evening would be fine."
"You mean to tell me you aren't going out on a Friday night?"
"No, I have some work I wanna get done."
"Oh I see. Well if its okay with you I'll be by at 8:00 to pick up the notes. I can have them back to you in the morning."
"Okay that's fine. I'll see you then. I'm in Douglas Hall room 211."
"See ya at eight. Bye."
"Bye."

***********************************************************************************


Richie called me from the lobby of my dorm promptly at eight. A few minutes before, I had changed into a tank top and my favorite pair of jeans. I took a quick glance in the mirror, admiring how my top was the perfect length, allowing my navel ring to peek out when I moved. I dabbed a quick touch of gloss to my lips and headed downstairs to the lobby. There was a steady stream of students coming and going. I searched the room for anybody who looked like they were looking for someone.

A familiar, dark-skinned guy dressed in jeans and a basketball jersey approached me. Looking like a young Denzel Washington, he had short hair and a neatly trimmed goatee. My panties moistened in anticipation as one of the sexiest men I had ever seen came closer. Now only a few feet away from me, the tantalizing aroma of his cologne enticed me. I studied his shy smile and waited for him to speak first.

After exchanging greetings, we made a little small talk. Then, Richie asked me if I wanted to ride with him to Kinko's to copy the notes. I agreed and we made our way to his Chevy pickup truck. It only took twenty minutes to make the copies and get back to my dorm. I found myself not wanting to say goodnight to Richie. He was so funny, and seemed like a really sweet guy. As we arrived back in the lobby I found myself hoping that he would ask me out, or at least make the promise of a phone call.

"Thanks again for the notes Nina. It was really nice talking to you."
"No problem...anytime." 
"Well I guess I'll head back to my dorm. See you in class on Monday."
"Okay see ya."

I watched as Richie made his way down the path away from my dorm. I couldn't let him just leave. 

"Hey Richie," I called.
"Yeah, what's up?" Richie asked slowly jogging back towards me.
"Listen, I was wondering if you'd like to come upstairs and watch TV for a while with me."
"Sure, why not."

We spent the next couple of hours ignoring the TV and enjoying conversation. I was glad that I had my own room, and didn't have to worry about anybody disturbing us. Now if only Richie would make even the slightest move on me. I wanted to taste his lips and let his mustache tickle me while we kissed. I imagined how his facial hair would feel against the sensitive skin of my other lips. Nothing less than sitting on his face right then would have satisfied me. 

"What are you thinking about?" Richie asked smirking and leaning closer to me.
"You don't wanna know," I said suddenly feeling shy.
"Yes I do. Come on...tell me"
"I'm not sure if you'll like what I was thinking."
"Tell me, and we'll see."
"I was thinking about what it would be like to kiss you."
Richie smiled and said, "Why don't you come over here and find out."

That was all the motivation I needed. I leaned over and let his lips melt into mine. His sweet tongue danced and played with mine, as his hands made their way under my shirt. My nipples stiffened in reaction to his pinches and caresses. I buried my face in his neck licking and kissing. In all of the confusion my tank top soon found its way to the floor, revealing my bare breasts. My nipples stood erect, screaming to be sucked, and Richie obliged them. His tongue made circles around my breasts as pleasureful whimpers escaped me. 

I unzipped his pants, and to my surprise he had ten full inches of thick black steel. The mushroom shaped tip pulsed and called for me to lick it. I made it all wet and slippery with my mouth before finding a steady rhythm. With his hand on the back of my head, Richie guided me up and down on his shaft. By now I was deep-throating the thick muscle as he sat on my bed with me between his knees. 

I wanted to make him cum, but he wouldn't let me. Instead he told me to stand up. He pulled me close as I looked down on him sitting on the edge of the bed. He was everything I had been waiting for.

Richie looked up at me and said, "Baby, we can do this one of two ways. Either we can fuck, or we can make love. Which one do you want?"

Of course I wanted to be fucked, but what romantic woman could turn down a lovemaking session. So I said, "I want you to make love to me Richie."

He answered my request with kisses on my tummy as he worked my jeans down over my hips and down to my ankles. The kisses moved down until his warm lips met my clit. With his tongue assaulting me, I didn't know how much longer I would be able to stand. My knees weakened as he inserted one and then two fingers into my pussy. I propped one leg up on the bed and steadied myself with a hand on his shoulder. Richie continued to lick and suck my pussy causing my hips to gyrate wildly with pleasure. Soon after rhythmic waves of ecstasy shot through my body which tensed with orgasm.

Richie pulled the jersey over his head and we both laid together in bed. My body still thirsted to satisfy his fat ten-inch dick. I pulled him on top of me, enjoying the tenderness of our embrace. He moved the head back and forth in my slit, which was still slippery from the orgasm. I arched my back as he prepared to enter me. He pushed the thick shaft until the tip disappeared into my wetness. Richie penetrated me deeper with each thrust as my tightness stretched to accommodate him. The tantalizing mixture of pain and pleasure brought me to another climax.

He rolled over and pulled me on top of him, allowing me to ride him to my satisfaction.

"Ooohh yeah baby...you like this dick don't you Nina," He said with his hands on my ass pulling me down onto his thrusts. Words escaped me as I moaned and slowly rolled my hips. Richie spun me around and made me ride him facing his feet. He watched himself disappear into my pussy as he spread my ass for a better view.

He quickened the pace of his strokes, and we both exploded. Exhausted and spent sleep came upon us quickly.

The sun peeked through the blinds early the next morning. It felt good to wake up with Richie next to me. He was still sleeping. I watched his chest rise and fall, wondering what excitement this day would bring. I kissed him gently on the lips, thankful to have met him. 

With fluttering eyes, a stretch, and a yawn Richie turned to me and said, "Last night was love making so I guess this morning its gonna be fucking."

Smiling, I said, "I guess so."

To be continued...