 

Learning and loving



In Nikki's previous story, becoming a Guest was one of many significant changes to her sheltered life. Naïve about sex at 30 and about to marry, her only painful and failed sexual relationship as a teenager is now a fading memory. Doctor Love and Maddisyn continue Nikki's sexual awakening and treatment for ensuring a fulfilling love life with her husband.

I don't normally like change and it's something I try to avoid. I've had to get used to it in the last 12 months. It's hard to comprehend really, a new job at work, meeting Jimmy and getting engaged. Then a father I didn't know dying and leaving me most of his money. Now I'm attending the Practice for treatment. I've even been having sex for the first time in ages! But the changes aren't as bad as I first thought, changing my life for the better.

I realise now how sheltered my life has been. It's always just been Mum and me. Dad left us and went back home when I was four. I'm West Indian and my name is Nikhila but everybody calls me Nikki. I've packed boxes at a warehouse since leaving school. Even at 30 I'm still the youngest in a group of much older people. They're really the only friends I've had. Moving to dispatch and meeting Jimmy changed all that. He's a driver and called regularly. Probably more often than he really needed and we started dating.

Jimmy's my first real boyfriend. I hardly knew anything about sex and it worried me. Jimmy is wonderful and hasn't pressured me about it. My only time was with the boy who lived next door. We were just kids and at school. I can't even remember his name. It was painful and horrible. It didn't get any better and I soon lost interest in sex. He soon lost interest in me. I want our lovemaking to be enjoyable and I don't want to lose Jimmy. That's why I've been attending the Practice.

The Practice is a beautiful historic building in the trendy Park Crescent area where women are treated as Guests, rather than patients. As soon as I stepped into the entry hall I thought, what have I done?! I hadn't experienced anything like it. Far too classy and I couldn't have afforded it without the inheritance. It intimidated me but Maddisyn made all the difference. I'm sure she knew I was nervous and soon eliminated all my fears and hesitations. I have another appointment with Doctor Love today.

Maddisyn manages the Practice and looks after the Guests before their appointment. She's lovely with a kind and spiritual nature and only about five years younger than me. Maddisyn's wonderful at turning an appointment into a lovely visit. I was looking forward to showing Maddisyn what I was wearing as I stood on the patterned veranda tiles and rang the bell on the large stained-glass door.

'Hello Nikki, Maddisyn greeted me with her infectious smile you couldn't help but return. Your new outfit looks gorgeous.'

'Thank you. Thanks for your advice,' I replied with my West Indies accent, smiling in appreciation as we made our way into the Sitting Room.

Maddisyn has done more than make me welcome. She's been so helpful with advice on my hair, makeup and clothing including lingerie! We've had a lot of fun and I've learnt so much from Maddisyn. I decided on dressing up when visiting the Practice. It was that sort of place. I'm embarrassed to admit I'm naïve when it comes to fashion and intimate apparel as much as I am about making love.

'The lingerie you ordered has arrived. It'll look lovely with what you're wearing,' she mentioned a little excitedly.

Maddisyn's so elegant and I loved how nicely she always dressed. I was wearing a figure-hugging sleeveless dress that was just above the knees. It's off white in colour with a lovely floral pattern and matching plain jacket. Maddisyn helped me pick out the style from a catalogue. She was right, my naturally tanned cleavage looked enticing in the white loose vee-neck line and my long-toned legs were gorgeous in white high heels. A white shoulder bag completed the outfit. I learnt from Maddisyn how a little cleavage, hips and legs in high-heels can excite a man.

'Can't wait to try them on,' I smiled.

'I'll help you change into them,' she kindly offered as I sat on one of the two comfortable couches in front of a lovely white marble fireplace.

The Practice is a two-story terrace house, restored and converted to a medical centre for women. But it doesn't feel like a medical centre. Every room is furnished with lovely period furniture and furnishings. The ornate plasterwork and other historic features are breathtaking. I'd never been in another home anything like it.

The Sitting Room is where Guests relaxed before seeing Doctor Love and have refreshments. A chandelier hanging from the patterned ceiling is amazing. It's a warm and cosy room with decoratively papered walls with lovely paintings and lace curtains at the bay window. I just love it!

'Would you like something before seeing Doctor Love?' Maddisyn kindly offered.

I returned her lovely smile. 'May I have some tea?'

'Certainly,' Maddisyn replied and went to the kitchenette behind her desk at the other end of the Sitting Room.

The counselling with Doctor Love has been wonderful. How painful and horrible my only sexual experience was had haunted me. It may sound silly, but I feared Jimmy losing interest in me just like all those years ago. Doctor Love didn't think it silly. He's so gentle and kind and easy to talk with. He soon alleviated all my fears and concerns. I was enjoying Doctor Love being my therapist, maybe a little more than I realised.

When Doctor Love proposed sexual therapy, I was surprisingly tempted. I had a lot to learn about sex and who better to learn from than a sex therapist? I liked his company and his warm dreamy eyes and that gorgeous smile he kept flashing at me were a pleasant distraction.

Doctor Love's handsome and athletic looking for an older man. I was surprised when told he was in his late 50's. I definitely found him attractive. I knew he would be gentle and I trusted him. He's taught me a lot about sex since our first session. The therapy was insurance for satisfying Jimmy and enjoyable. That was something else I feared. Very enjoyable in fact.

Maddisyn soon returned with my tea and some cakes on a silver tray and poured me a cup. 'Thank you,' I grinned noticing a cake that caught my eye.

'Enjoy your tea. Let me know when you're ready to try on the suspender belt,' she added with cheeky wink.

I look forward to seeing Maddisyn as much as Doctor Love. She made visiting the Practice so much fun and I enjoyed learning things from her. I smiled to myself remembering how she purchased my first lingerie for me. It was a camisole with a matching kimono. I had no idea what I wanted and we had a great time discussing different styles. It was Maddisyn who suggested a white suspender belt and stockings would look sexy against my dark skin.

I finished my cake and caught Maddisyn's attention. 'I'm going to the Guest Lounge to get ready.'

Maddisyn picked up a package and smiled. 'I'm looking forward to seeing them on as well.'

The Lounge is off the Sitting Room and I felt a little thrill of excitement as we went to try on the new lingerie. It's a lovely room for Guests to get ready for their session with Doctor Love. A dressing table has a large ornate mirror and a selection of perfumes and cosmetics for Guests. There's even a gorgeous spa with a wrap-around window and a private garden view. Another room is used for providing massages. Maddisyn has helped me with my hair and makeup and I've enjoyed her company very much.

'Thanks for letting me have it delivered here,' I said while starting to get undressed.

'That's fine. I know what mothers can be like,' she laughed, opening the package for me.

I removed my jacket, slipped out of my high-heels and shimmied out of my dress while eagerly trying to get a glimpse of the lingerie as it was being unwrapped. I joined Maddisyn opposite the dressing table dressed in my bra and panties.

'They're beautiful, thank you,' I smiled leaning into her and giving a hug.

Maddisyn obviously enjoyed my reaction. 'I wouldn't mind a set as well,' she grinned.

'They feel lovely,' I sighed, running my hands over the silky-smooth material.

The lingerie consisted of a white lacy bra and G-string with mid-thigh patterned stockings and a suspender belt. I felt adventurous having never even seen a G-string until Maddisyn showed me hers a couple of visits ago. She certainly knew a lot about lingerie and I was surprised at the range. Maddisyn has taught me a thing or two about the power intimate apparel has over a man!

'Put on the bra and panties and I'll show you how to fit the suspender belt,' Maddisyn smiled.

I removed my bra and panties and we had a laugh putting on the G-string. The material barely covered my pussy and the strip between my cheeks felt a little weird. Maddisyn got me to put the suspender belt around my waist and over my panties. I sat and pulled on the stockings and Maddisyn showed me how to clip them to the straps dangling from the belt.

'Put your heels back on and have a look in the mirror,' she suggested, looking pleased.

I gazed at my reflection and slowly twirled around, excited at how amazing I looked. I smiled at my generous breasts spilling over the lacy bra. My long smooth legs looked stunning in the patterned stockings and high-heels. The suspender belt looked incredible around my slender waist. Maddisyn was right. I looked so sexy and white was a very striking contrast against the dark tan of my Caribbean skin.

I paused looking over my shoulder and giggled at Maddisyn's excited reflected smile as I wiggled my bare backside at the mirror. 'Nikki, you look hot!' She exclaimed, her eyes roaming over my body.

'I feel so naughty and sexy,' I teased with an exaggerated West Indian purr.

'I'm getting wet just looking at you,' she admitted without the slightest bit of embarrassment.

'Really? I wish it was that easy for me,' I laughed, sharing her excitement.

'What about when you play with yourself?' She asked.

'Play with myself?' I quizzed with a soft laugh.

'With your fingers, teasing your breasts and between your legs,' she clarified holding my excited gaze.

'I've heard of it but never done it, I admitted. Doctor Love has shown me how to use personal lubricant,' I added.

'Lube's good but playing is more fun. Gets your partner excited as well,' she grinned.

'How do you do it?' Excited at another chance to learn more from Maddisyn.

Maddisyn asked me to sit down. After removing her jacket, she sat on the dresser in front of me demonstrating and explaining what to do. Maddisyn cupped and played with her breasts through her blouse and lowered the other hand between her legs and fondled through the fabric of her slacks.

'Have a go. It's much more fun without clothing,' she encouraged, undoing her blouse and then sliding her slacks down.

I lowered a hand and cupped my mound while raising the other to a breast and replicated what Maddisyn had demonstrated. I felt stirrings of arousal within me as I played with myself through the silky-smooth lingerie.

I began to breath more rapidly and a dry lump was forming in my throat. 'I am feeling a little horny,' I grinned as I watched Maddisyn unclip her bra.

Maddisyn continued playing, her hand roaming over a bare breast. I briefly closed my eyes listening to my racing heartbeat and then gazed down, surprised to see Maddisyn's hand moving in her panties.

'Oh yeah,' she moaned, clearly enjoying the sensation of her caressing hands and fingers.

Maddisyn managed to tell me to tease my nipples and pussy and discover what excited me the most as she played with herself. She said it helps if you think of something exciting like having sex. I slipped a hand into my unclipped bra and began softly moaning as the images of Jimmy and teasing fingers excited me.

'Moisten you finger by sucking on it for lube. It'll get Jimmy excited watching you,' she explained.

I sucked on my finger and slipped my hand inside my panties. My exploring finger found and began teasing my clit as Maddisyn instructed.

'Hu, hu, hu,' I gasped, my breasts heaving with the aroused breathing and my finger between my legs ignited something inside me.

My pussy began to swell and throb with a warm moist sensation. The dampness I felt was becoming a flood as the moisture pooled in my pussy.

'Maddisyn, I'm so wet!' I excitedly moaned, my fingers gliding effortlessly over my pussy's opening.

'Don't stop. I'll show you something else,' she smiled, getting off the dresser and moving behind the chair.

My breathing quickened and I could feel my heart beating wildly in anticipation of what Maddisyn was about to show me as I looked at her reflection.

'You look so beautiful in lingerie,' Maddisyn breathed, watching me play with myself in the mirror.

'Oh God,' I gasped as her hands glided over my shoulders and cupped the softness of my tanned breasts.

Maddisyn's smooth pale hands and fingers pushing into the brown yielding flesh, gently kneading with my nipples throbbing between her fingers. I softly closed my heavy eyes as I rolled my lower lip in and bit down, moaning more intensely as her fingertips teased and pinched at my dark nuggets. I felt a bead of liquid seeping down my inner thigh I was so wet.

'Are you very wet?' She whispered in my ear, still caressing a breast.

'Yeah,' I simply breathed, my body in a wonderful place.

'Does you pussy want some cock?' She continued, rolling my nipples between her thumb and fingers.

'Yeah,' a quivering reply escaping my lips.

'Do you want Jimmy inside you?' She breathed, sharing my arousal.

'Ooh, yeah,' I sighed, my finger suddenly feeling a gush of fluid with the thought.

'Slip your finger inside. Imagine it's his big hard cock,' she almost moaned.

I gasped with pleasure as my finger slipped easily into my moist intimate opening. Lowering my gaze from Maddisyn's reflection to my lap, the flimsy patch of fabric couldn't hide the movement of my hand and thrusting finger. The wet sound of my stroking filled the room as I explored my sensitive internal flesh.

'Ooh yes . . . that's so good,' I moaned with the sensation of Maddisyn's teasing hands and my thrusting finger.

'No need for lube,' she softly laughed, her hands gliding back to my shoulders.

'That was wonderful,' I sighed at Maddisyn's reflection, finally removed my hand from my panties.

I couldn't help but get excited learning intimate things from Maddisyn. She's so lovely, with a caring and friendly manner and I trust her completely. I'd never shared such a personal moment with another woman. But there were no awkwardness and I wasn't embarrassed or nervous. I'd learnt so much from Maddisyn, exploring, experiencing and discovering so many things. There was a lot to like about her.

'I'm glad you enjoyed it. You'll be able to make yourself cum once you discover what turns you on with practice,' she mentioned helping me refit my bra.

'Cum?' I asked with an inquiring look.

'Have an orgasm,' she clarified.

'Oh, I don't think I've had one,' I confessed.

'You'd know if you had,' she smiled, softly laughing to herself.

I slipped on my new dress and jacket and Maddisyn used some of the lovely cosmetics that were available for Guests to do my makeup and then did my hair.

'What do you think?' She asked my reflection, looking very pleased.

Standing up and gazing into the mirror, I did another sensual twirl. 'Amazing. Thank you so much!' Excited at the sexy look.

'Nikki, you . . . look . . . gorgeous!' Maddisyn exclaimed, clearly excited.

Maddisyn tidied up while I continued to check out my look and I noticed her starting to return to the Sitting Room. 'Oh Maddisyn, thank you,' I simply smiled.

Maddisyn turned and paused at the door, returning my smile. 'I enjoyed it as well.'

I left by the other side door that opened to the passageway from the entry hall to Doctor Love's suite at the back of the building. The sound of my high-heels striking the polished floorboards sounded even more erotic dressed in the lovely new outfit and lingerie. What surprised me was the thread of arousal that was already weaving through my body and the warm moist feeling that was returning between my thighs. I found the door open and walked in and closed it behind me.

Doctor Love was working at his desk and turned his face to meet my gaze. 'Hello Nikki . . .,' he started to say, seemingly lost for words.

I felt my heart beating wildly in my chest and my lips felt dry as Doctor Love silently looked at me, his eyes sweeping over my body. His assessing gaze took in the curves of my breasts beneath my jacket and exposed cleavage before drifting over my hips in the figure-hugging short dress. I enjoyed his blatant sexual interest as he gazed at my long-toned brown legs in the white patterned stocking and high-heels. Lifting his warm and sensual eyes to mine, the look of desire caused another shiver to rocket through my body and I began to melt with need.

I moistened my lips and cleared a knot of nervous arousal from my throat. 'Shall we sit?'

'Yes, . . . sorry. You look lovely,' he smiled as he stood and made his way towards me.

'Thank you. Maddisyn's been wonderful helping me,' I mentioned as we moved to the couches with Doctor Love sitting opposite as usual.

I crossed my legs, the hem of my dress riding up my thigh to provide a glimpse of the top of my stockings and suspender straps that attracted Doctor Love's gaze. I suddenly felt warm and my dark nipples tightened, pushing into my bra and my pussy moistened. It was just as arousing as my own caress earlier. I smiled with the thought of not needing lube.

'It's new lingerie Maddisyn helped me pick out,' I smiled acknowledging his interest.

He teased me with a knowing smile. 'I look forward to seeing more of it,' he replied.

I love being with Doctor Love in his suite. It was a place I could relax and felt comfortable on the plush couches positioned in front of the ornate white marble fireplace. The period features, furniture and furnishings were similar to the other rooms. It's an informal and even intimate setting that made our discussion more pleasant. It was the adjoining bedroom where we enjoyed our sexual therapy. The king-sized bed with a luxurious bedspread is just perfect for therapy and its ensuite is so convenient.

I enjoyed our intimate discussions, sharing my concerns about not liking sex and disappointing Jimmy. The sexual therapy was my insurance for a fulfilling love life. Doctor Love's therapy is more enjoyable than I imagined, wonderful in fact and I couldn't be happier. Those sexual demons are now behind me. It's easy to forget he's my therapist, gazing at his sensual eyes and gorgeous smile. I've learnt so much about sex and I'm just loving it. I trust Doctor Love and knew he would be a gentleman.

'Would you like to continue sexual therapy?' Doctor Love softly inquired.

'Love to,' I simply smiled, sharing his knowing gaze.

Doctor Love stood up and offered me his hand. 'Let's go through to the bedroom and we'll try something a little different,' he smiled.

'I have an idea of my own,' I mentioned, his smile widening.

I walked ahead of Doctor Love and I sensed the heat of his gaze as he enjoyed the swing of my hips accompanying my tight dress, long slender legs and high-heels. The bedroom is through a lovely decorative archway. It's a magnificent room, exquisitely furnished with period furniture. A beautiful marble fireplace with a large mirror above is opposite the bed. Wooden chairs, upholstered in dark blue velvet matched the cherry-wood bedside tables. Matching blue velvet curtains framed the bay window filled with lace.
