 I wrote this story for a special friend of mine. It's just a fantasy but I live in hope that one day my dreams might come true.

Nikki pulled her key from her bag, guided it into the lock and pushed open the door to her apartment. Closing it firmly behind her she leant back against is shutting out the outside world. It had been a frustrating stressful couple of days with two double shifts and a slow day shift at the bar where she worked. Hanging her faded jacket on the hook in the hall, she kicked off her trainers that she wore to travel home. The high heels that were obligatory to wear along with her work outfit were in her bag which she dumped in the corner knowing she should sort it out but was too tired to worry about chores right then.

Nikki wondered through to the kitchen and opened the fridge. The slices of left over pizza were not too appealing compared to the half full bottle of Prosecco. Removing the stopper with a faint pop, Nicky took a glass from the cupboard and poured a measure of the foaming liquid. She took a large swig resting back against the work top before topping up the glass. She had the evening to herself for once and did not intend to waste it. 

Taking the drink with her she moved to the bathroom and began filling the bath with warm water, adding a large portion of bubble bath. As the water level began to rise and the mass of bubbles generated she undid her blouse, releasing the buttons one by one. Here athletic frame became exposed. The white lace of her B cup bra was iridescent against the natural glow of her dark skin. Her shirt lay open on her body hanging off one shoulder, her toned firm abs clear indication of her time spent at the gym and the additional exercise she got as a dancer. A diamond belly button ring punctuating her slim figure.

The button and zip on her tight fitting jeans were released and with a little wiggle the denim was tugged over her bottom and down her thighs. Sitting on the edge of the bath the figure hugging trousers were pulled over her feet and discarded in the corner, soon joined by the blouse. Nicky reached into the bath and swirled the water, feeling its warmth and the light fluffy feel of the thick coating of bubbles on the surface. Standing, she moved to the cupboard over the sink, and caught her reflection in the mirror. Her mouth curled into a cheeky smile to herself. She looked good. Damn good. Still looking into the mirror she ran her hand through her hair and blew a kiss to the image of herself in front of her before picking up a scrunchie from the side of the basin and lassoing her hair into a semi tamed ponytail. Opening the cupboard she took out a few tea lights and a handy lighter and returned to the now almost full bath and distributed the candles around the edge. Turning off the light the room was dropped into the low flickering calming glow of the little flames. 

Another sip of Prosecco, then she reached behind her back and with nimble fingers easily released the hooks of her bra. The thin straps fell from her shoulders and the delicate cups peeled away from her firm pert breasts. Her figure meant she did not need to wear a bra but she liked the feel of nice lingerie against her skin. The lace item joined the small pile of discarded clothes in the shadows.

Bending over the bath Nikki turned off the taps firmly stopping the annoying drips that might spoil her enjoyment of the tub. In that position the white line of her T-back thong sliced between her tight bum cheeks before branching the short distance to circle her hips. With the water flow halted Nikki hooked a finger each side into the wisp of elastic and drew the little pair of knickers down her legs. The shear lace triangle held in place for a split second as if reluctant to release its treasure before it fell away to land at her feet. Stepping out with one foot she flicked her lower limb and the last item of her clothing sailed with the grace of a ballerina and accuracy of a sharp shooter onto the laundry collection.

Naked, she collected her drink and stepped into the bath. The water was slightly too warm but that was just how she liked it as she could soak in comfort for longer. She laid back into the foam that enveloped her body; pausing only to place a rolled up towel behind her neck. With a deep sigh of relief she closed her eyes and relaxed.

Half an hour later she stirred; her brief nap disturbed by the cooling bath water and the ping of a message on her mobile. Stretching her arms and legs Nikki sat up and reached for the soap and a razor. Her legs were already silky smooth but a few strokes with the sharp blade removed any hint of a follicle that dared to grow. Hooking a leg over the side of the bath she lowered the razor below the water line and with great care removed the tiny stubble from her pubic mound and near her pussy lips. She enjoyed her own touch and for a moment was tempted to carry on stroking herself in the way she liked. The corner of her mouth lifted into a cheeky grin at the thought but the cool water and light flashing on her phone distracted her.

Stepping from the bath the last few bubbles slid down her wet body before she wrapped herself in a large fluffy white towel. Patting herself dry Nikki wiped the steam from the mirror and checked her look. Her hair had stayed dry and what little make-up she had worn had been washed away but she still looked good. Walking bare foot over the bathroom floor tiles she picked up her phone and opened her messages.

Two new Messages.

She scrolled to the first one. A regular message from her mum enquiring about Nikki's day and sending her love. Nikki replied with a quick "All good Thanks, smiley face" and clicked send.

The second message was from Jon. 

"Good to see you today, Hope you got home safely X"

Nikki smiled as she remembered the couple of hours they has spent together that afternoon at the bar where she worked. He had repeated an offer to her again but he was sure it would never be accepted. The offer was very tempting and she knew that Jon was a good guy and could be trusted but it would be a risk; breaking the boundary between her home life and work. Biting her lip, Nicky debated the pros and cons in her mind. Common sense told her it was a bad idea but her body was telling her a different story.

With nimble thumbs she quickly drafted a reply.

"Are you serious about your offer and if so how soon can you get here?" She added her address and hesitated for a second then pressed send. She realised she was holding her breath and let out a stream of air through her lips and wondered if she has made a mistake. Her phone pinged with a reply.

"Of course I was serious, it would be my pleasure. I can be with you in about 45 minutes if you are sure?"

A few more thumb taps on her smartphone screen gave her confirmation.

Ping. "Ok. On my way x"

Nikki smiled. Whatever happened, it was set in motion now. Carrying the towel she walked naked to her bedroom, opened her delicates draw and selected a white pair of fine lacy boy shorts knickers and pulled them up her slim legs and over her tight little bottom. They fitted perfectly and were one of her favourite items of lingerie. Then she took a short silk robe from her wardrobe and slid her arms into the sleeves loosely tying the belt as her waist. Sitting at her dressing table mirror she teased her hair with her fingers but left it tied in the hair band keeping her neck and shoulders clear if her hair. She applied a little light make up, eye shadow and liner to accentuate her stunning eyes and a smear of pink lipstick. Checking the clock she still had half an hour to kill before Jon's anticipated arrival, so she removed the orange nail varnish that matched her work heels, from her fingers and toes and skilfully reapplied a glossy layer of Fusion Pink polish. The finish soon dried as she blew over her fingertips admiring the sparkle from the glitter in the varnish.

Nikki quickly tided away a few items and arranged a couple of things. She took her glass from the bathroom and frowned at the few drips that remained in the empty Prosecco bottle.

She jumped slightly at the knock on the front door. Taking a deep breath she walked still bare foot through the narrow hallway and opened the door.

Jon stood there wearing the same clothes he had worn earlier that day. Given the short notice he had not had time to go home and change but was still presentable in black trousers, blue shirt and jacket. He was carrying a bag from a local supermarket.

"Wow, you look amazing" he greeted her, stepping through the doorway to give her a soft kiss on each cheek. Nicky drew in a breath and enjoyed the scent of his aftershave and hint of Guinness from the bar earlier.

Nicky blushed a little and took his hand pulling him into the flat and closed the door.

"Now, just checking are you sure about this, I understand if you have changed your mind?" he asked.

"Oh No, I'm very sure. I'm looking forward to what you can do. What's in the bag?"

"Just a couple of items that will be useful, and this too." He said, withdrawing a pre-chilled bottle of her favourite fizzy plonk.

Nikki gave a little squeal and clapped her hands with delight. Took the bottle and popped the cork, quickly filling her glass.

"Just water for me please, I have had enough alcohol today and I want to keep awake this evening."

Nikki passed him a glass and took a sip of her own drink.

"So how do you want to do this?" Nicky asked.

"Well I have given you a taste of my massage skills at the bar, but as I have told you before, for the proper job you need to be lying on a bed so I'm thinking that's a good place to start."

With a nervous smile Nicky let the way to her boudoir. She had moved the candles from the bath and placed them around the room with a few others so the space was lit in the subtle glow of the dancing flames. Perfect Jon thought. Moving past her he rolled the duvet back and placed it on the floor at the end of the bed and taking the now dry towel from the back of a chair he spread it out flat and smoothed the corners.

Turning to her he asked, if she was ready.

For the first time in ages, Nikki felt a little shy. He had seen her body many times before from almost every angle due to her athletic abilities on the club pole, but this was a totally different situation. She looked down at her feet and fumbled with the knot holding her robe in place. Jon came round behind her.

"Here, let me help you." And with that his arms came around her and swiftly loosened the troublesome knot. The silk garment then hung open from her throat past her cleavage and her naked body only part hidden by her cute panties. His hands rested on her shoulders and with a brief reassuring squeeze he slipped the silk down her arms till it dropped on the floor. Biting her lip she looked back over her shoulder and gave him a coy smile.

"Where do you want me?"

"Let's start with you face down lying on the towel. I will start with your shoulders and back to relieve those annoying stiff muscles."

Nikki moved to the bed, her back to Jon and crawled up onto the bed. In doing so her amazing arse was displayed to perfection. The twin globes of her but cheeks firm and impossible to resist, the gusset of her thin knickers stretched over her pussy, obscuring but not hiding totally the cleft of her pussy lips. Jon stifled a low moan of appreciation. She settled into position and lay out flat on the bed, arms by her sides and head tilted to one side, eyes closed.

"Comfortable?" "Mmm yes."

Jon removed his jacket and took the bottle of massage oil from his bag. He was lucky to find the shop open still that sold his favourite type, infused with a hint of Jasmine essential oil. Kicking off his shoes he moved to the side of the bed. Jon poured a little oil onto his palm and rubbed his hands together. Leaning over he placed his hands gently on her shoulders and began working his strong fingers into her muscles searching out and manipulating the buried knots. 

Nikki began to relax as he worked on her upper back and felt the stains and aches subside. She turned her head so she was facing him and part opened her eyes to glance up at him. He was intent on his work and did not see the look in her eyes or that a cute sexy smile had settled on her lips.

"Can you go a little lower, down to the small of my back?" She asked.

"Of course, I told you that you would get the full treatment."

Taking the bottle of oil and releasing the lid he dripped a line of fluid down the valley of her spine, letting it pool at the small of her back. With fingers spread Jon began to give long wide sweeps from just above her hips, up to her shoulders and back down her spine. Nikki purred.

"Oh that feels good."

Jon chuckled, "I'm only just getting started." Then he moved down to the end of the bed unbuttoning his shirt at the same time. Then with a little more oil began a firm foot rub. Nikki started to squirm as her feet were normally ticklish but Jon applied just the right pressure to make her tired feet feel well again. While she enjoyed the attention her feet were getting, Jon was having a wonderful time admiring the lithe body laid out before him. The strong shapely legs, that amazing bum that he could not get out of his mind and the sweet line of her spine up to her neck that he so wanted to kiss.

As Jon massaged each foot in turn, lifting her lower leg, bending the knee he would lower it slightly wider apart with each alternating treatment. If Nikki noticed she showed no sign of objecting. By the time he started massaging her calves and gently caressing the back of her knees, her legs had fallen apart by several inches; providing a clear unhindered view up her inner thighs to her lace covered mound. Applying more oil to his hands, he moved higher up her legs working the hamstrings up the back of her stretched out thighs. His fingers spread wide working the flesh below the then slick skin. His thumbs sliding up her inner thighs firmly massaging and each sweep got higher and higher. 

Soon enough his fingers were brushing the crease where her butt cheeks joined her legs. Jon's thumbs were still in position rubbing and caressing so, so close to her most intimate area. With a feather touch Jon's thumb nails grazed along the lace edge of the tight fitting boy shorts but not going those few millimetres closer. Nikki cave a low moan, her eyes still closed, and roller her hips slightly, arching her back. Her gorgeous butt cheeks rose slightly and presented herself even more to her voluntary masseuse. 

"Try not to get oil on my favourite knickers." She breathed.

"I will do my best but there is only one guaranteed solution."

Jon hooked a finger under the thin elastic at each hip and began to gently tug. Nikki smiled to herself and pushed up with her knees, raising her torso off the bed slightly. The lacy knickers slid off her cheeks, the gusset holding in place briefly before it too was peeled away and the little strip of lingerie ran down her legs and over her feet. Not wanting to discard then Jon tucked them into his pocket for safe keeping. Niki got comfortable again, but still with her legs slightly apart and cute bottom perfectly displayed. 

A few drips more oil.

His strong hands returned to work, now further up and squeezing her arse in circular motions. Nikki could feel her crack opening and closing with each rotation. Jon's eyes were transfixed on her exposed pussy and winking anus and subconsciously licked his lips. Sliding up to her lower back and back round over her hips, repeated over and over, each time his thumbs brushing closer and closer to the spot Nikki really wanted touched! 

Pushing her butt back and up briefly, Jon felt his fingers rub directly through her moist pussy lips and over her tight little rear hole and heard Nikki breathe out with a sigh of pleasure. Unable to resist he repeated the move three or four times enjoying her movement against his hands.

"Ok, time for you to roll over."

Nikki looked back over her shoulder and gave a shy little grin that Jon did not buy for a second before gracefully rolling over onto her back. "Is that better?" she enquired.

"Not bad, not bad at all but can I suggest you lie across the bed this time?" Jon moved to the side of the bed as Nikki swivelled around. Her feet brushed the thigh of his trousers, leaving a small oil mark.

"Whoops, sorry about that. Maybe you should take them off to eliminate the risk of more stains?"

Jon's eyes looked into hers, checking she was not just teasing but as he loosened his belt and released the waist button he saw her smile widen and she bit her lip seductively. His trousers fell away and he pulled them off his feet, taking his socks with them. Smiling back at her his shirt joined them on the floor. Jon now stood at the side of the bed just wearing black trunks that hugged his backside and mounded around the lump at his crotch. He was no longer a toned hunk but he kept fit, going to the gym when he could. His stomach was fairly flat but middle age was having a slight effect.

Nikki's eyes roamed over his body, biting her lip again as her gaze settled at his crotch. Subconsciously she rubbed her thighs together as she felt a tingling sensation around her clit and knew that her neat labia lips had become moist.

"Shall we continue?" Jon enquired, taking an ankle in each hand and moved her feet a comfortable distance apart. Nikki closed her eyes, put her hands behind her head and let her knees relax, allowing her thighs to open slightly wider. Jon resumed the massage working up her legs to her knees and onto her thighs. Her inner thighs felt so soft to his touch. Caressing with firm and light strokes Jon moved higher and higher. Nikki was very relaxed by now but her breathing was getting deeper and a little faster as each minute past. Jon's thumbs travelled to the top of her amazing legs and carried on across her groins, again just millimetres from her moist pussy.

Jon moved around the bed till he was standing behind her head and filled a palm with more oil. Reaching forward he drizzled a row of oil drips over her chest breasts and torso, and watched as the slick lines ran over her black skin. Leaning over her prone body he placed his hands on her hip bones before drawing them over her body, smoothing the oil against her skin. The candle light flickers and the dark glossy covering to her body looked amazing, glistening and alive. His hands skirted her pert breasts for a few rotations before his palms slid over her hard nipples. Nikki gasped at the contact, pushing her breasts up to increase the feeling. Her hands were still behind her head so Jon could massage her sides and arms without hindrance. By the same token her fingers were very close to the front of his thighs and the grown lump his cock was forming in his shorts.

Leaning over her again he ran his warm oily hands down over her stomach muscles, feeling them ripple under his touch and carried on lower to stroke his fingertips across her mound massaging gently at the top of her pussy cleft. He froze for a moment when he felt her hands grasp his semi hard penis through his under ware but took it as a sign of approval and ran a finger deep through her now very wet pussy lips and back over her clit. The hand on his cock gripped his meat firmer and fingers of her other and clawed at the waist band. His under ware was dragged lower till it fell around his thighs and to the floor. Jon's cock bounced as it came free, fully engorged and hard.

Jon continued to finger her pussy lips dropping lower to tease the surrounding sensitive skin of her butt hole before moving back to dip two fingers into her pussy. His fingers were getting wet with her juices as he stretched to reach lower so he could massage her inner G-spot. In doing so his erection and heavy balls nudged her forehead and lay over her face. Nikki extended her tongue and flicked the solid helmet and sensitive foreskin. It was Jon's turn to groan and he could not resist resting his knees on the edge if the bed allowing her free access to his member.
