 Nina was still wet from the shower as she stretched out on her bed and gave herself a mental pat on the back for the week. Her hand slid between her legs and began to explore her clit as she reviewed her week.

She had kept it pretty well under control. She had only blown her co-worker twice this week—once Tuesday morning and again Thursday after work. Well, she had also blown the college kid down the street Monday evening but that didn't count because the little stud had come asking for it and she hadn't instigated his cocksucking. All in all she seemed to be keeping it together, Nina thought, as she began to feel the heat rise in her pussy.

Now it was Saturday night and Nina thought she had earned her right to ease off the brakes and play. She was going to one of her favorite haunts later in the evening to give herself over to the need. Tonight wasn't a quick fix or just a little something to hold her over. No, tonight was about satisfaction to the point of exhaustion. Nina knew how to indulge her need and find a bit of complete satisfaction that would... might... last a few days.

Nina could smell her pussy scent as she rubbed one out. Like a favorite photo album, her mind began to replay past experiences until she came across the one she wanted to fill her mind as she masturbated. Yes, David. Right now, David would do. She remembered.....

At least Nina was pretty sure his name was David. He was the first time she ever took complete control of the experience. She had gone out with friends after work for drinks on the patio bar at the Stephen F. Austin Hotel in downtown Austin. David was one of those friends of a friend of a friend people. About five minutes after meeting him she was plotting on how she could get his cock in her mouth. Would he be big? Would he come fast or would she have to work for it? How would he taste? 

Nina had earlier noticed a dark conference room down the hallway near the ladies room. She evened checked to see if the door was unlocked. As the social gathering began to break apart she made a point to engage David in conversation. After a polite amount of chit-chat she announced to him she needed to leave and asked if he would walk her to the car.

As they walked through the bar she told David she had found something really cool in the hotel and he needed to see it before they left. She took him by the hand and led him down the hallway and into the dark conference room. Before he could ask what the hell was going on she took him by the wrists and told him to listen closely.

"Look, I don't know you and I don't want to. Don't touch me, don't try to kiss me and don't think you're ever going to see me again. Just stand right there and be quiet," Nina told the bewildered David.

Nina dropped to her knees and unzipped his pants. Nina loved to be on her knees in front of a man. She just adored being on her knees,felt a rush of excitement at even the idea of being on her knees, while looking up at whoever he might be and sucking his cock. With one manicured set of fingers she began to fish his cock out of his pants. "Oh..Oh, ok...ok," David whispered. Nina held his cock in her hands and slowly stroked it. David grew hard almost instantly and Nina took his cock and nuzzled it against her cheeks. She breathed in deeply to catch his scent as she moved his cock around her face.

Nina took him in her mouth and began to swirl her tongue around the head of his cock, savoring his taste. He had an average sized cock and Nina had no problems working all of it into her mouth and down her throat. Nina sucked and stroked his cock slowly, wanting the blowjob to last as long as possible.

When David gently placed his hand on her head Nina snapped her head back. "Don't touch me," she demanded, "Just stand there and let me suck your cock." She popped his cock back in her mouth and felt the satisfying feeling of it filling her oral cavity.

"Jesus! I could suck a cock a day," she whispered into the darkness. Nina knew she was dripping wet and as she blew the stranger she slipped a finger up her skirt and into her little blue bikini panties. She sucked and stoked his cock with one hand while furiously rubbing her own engorged clit with the other. She felt him began to move his hips in time with her mouth and knew it wouldn't be long.

"Cum in my mouth. Don't you dare get a drop on me," she instructed him. She gently cupped his balls in her hand and began to suck all of his cock as quickly as she could. Nina used her mouth to jackhammer David, wanting nothing more than to feel the warm, thick cum spurting into her hot, willing little mouth. Nina rubbed her clit at almost lightning speed, and her own climax began to wash over her at the first taste of the stranger's cum.

David hadn't cum in about three days when he had jacked off before bed. He loudly drew in a deep breath as he blew his load into the blonde's mouth. Nina made quiet little noises of passion as shot after shot of cum filled her mouth. She struggled to time her own breathing with his cum shots and her ability to swallow it all down, all the while in the throes of her own orgasm. Her hips bucked against her finger as David finished filling her mouth and she swallowed the last of his offering. She savored the taste of cum as her own climax subsided and she felt him slowly going flaccid in her mouth.

Now that Nina had what she wanted it was time to move on. She raised herself from her kneeling position and whispered "Thanks, that was hot. You taste good. Don't try to find me." Without any further ceremony, Nina walked out of the room and down the hallway to slip into the ladie's room.

Nina checked her make- up and hair redid her lipstick and smiled to herself. She had fulfilled a fantasy; finding a hot stranger, taking complete control of the situation and blow him, have an orgasm herself and simply walk away. Now that fantasy was reality, Nina knew it was an experience she would repeat again and again.

Nina finished masturbating and lay on the bed panting. She had needed that little quick fix before she could begin to dress for the evening. "God, these nights are always hot", thought Nina," and I better bring my little pillow with me."

Addiction. She never used the word, but Nina's addiction was in full bloom and she was going to give herself over to it. She didn't have choice and she didn't want one.