 My stories are in chronological order. I encourage you to follow along and read these stories in this order as a prelude to this one:

I Hire Monica The Maid 

Monica's First Day as My Maid

Monica the Maid's Three Hole Day

I Partner with Linda, A Salon Owner 

I Massage Monica the Maid

Hot and Sexy Business Opportunities

I Become a Therapeutic Instructor

The Affair Continues in Las Vegas

I Rub an Asian MILF the Right Way

Going Where No Man Has Gone Before

Cumming Where No Man Has Cum Before

That Was The Weekend That Was

I'm Rewarded for a Job Well Done

Fun in Las Vegas with my MILFs

That Was The Week That Was 

I Take My MILF Lisa to Mexico

I'm Ambushed by a Very Hot MILF

The CFO Gets Her Assets Worked Over

In Pursuit of a Very Hot MILF

The Second Time is Twice as Nice

Roadblocks Pursuing the Hot MILF

++++

We were headed to Los Angeles, for business and family.

I was with Catherine.

It was our first airplane trip together. 

We got settled in to our first class seats. 

I was on the aisle and Catherine had the window seat.

Catherine admitted to me that she was a nervous flyer as she pulled down the shade and I replied "So am I."

She looked at me in disbelief and replied "But Jack, you fly all the time. How do you do it?"

"Two things sweetie. The first is I only fly for love or money. I flew these last trips for you."

Catherine laughed and squeezed my hand. We kissed.

Then I reached into my briefcase and pulled out a little plastic container that had yellow pills and white pills.

"Second, I never fly without my medicine. Sweetie, the yellow pills will relax you and the white ones put you to sleep for five hours. Which one do you want?"

Catherine asked me "Which one are you taking?"

I replied, "Since the girls slept with you last night and I sleep horribly without you, I am going to take a white one."

Catherine said "How do you think I slept in a bed with two girls moving all over the place? Give me a white one too."

We both woke up on the descent into Los Angeles. She grabbed my hand and we kissed. 

Catherine opened the window shade and looked down on the smoggy city and she asked "Where are we staying?"

I said "We can stay at a hotel or we can stay at my house, it's up to you. But either way we need to get my car and it's in my garage."

I actually had two cars sitting in the garage, my Lexus and my luxury SUV.

Grabbing our bags, we took the limo straight to the house. On the way, Catherine called Isabella to tell her of our safe arrival and spoke to the girls, promising to FaceTime them before bedtime.

It was a hot sunny Saturday and it was not quite 1pm.

We walked into the house through the front door, I turned off the alarm and set our suitcases down.

We stepped out of the house into the backyard and Catherine said "I love it Jack!" and we kissed.

I turned on the waterfall and some music. I pointed out the hot tub and the outdoor shower and she smiled at me.

"I have plans for you tonight Jack Colton" Catherine said with a laugh.

I opened the door to the cottage and she walked in saying, "This is very nice. We made the right decision to stay here."

I had texted the owner of the maid company and they had cleaned the place after my night of sexual abandonment with Lorraine. There was no trace left of the night of unbridled lust. 

The owner was a friend of mine and she brought in red roses that morning into both the house and the cottage for Catherine.

I had called a local deli from the limo and about 15 minutes after we got in they delivered sandwiches and chips. We ate on the patio under the misters.

We took a quick shower outdoors to get the grime of the trip off of us and we rather quickly fucked in the hot tub. 

Catherine's eyes were twinkling as she walked around the backyard nude. 

She whispered "Can the neighbors see me?" and I replied "I hope so" which got me a playful slap on my ass.

I ate her to a quick orgasm. Catherine's shaved pussy was very sensitive and the pulsating hot water jets warmed her up for my tongue.

After she came I took her from behind, and I was horny and insistent to cum in her tight core. I pounded her to a second orgasm while I had one hand on her orbs and the other on her clit. 

I came loudly and I was glad the waterfall was on.

We had another quick visit to the shower to get the chlorine off and after tossing on some clean clothes, we headed out.

First stop was Catherine's house where she checked the mail and to make sure everything was okay.

She ran next door and checked in with the neighbors. 

Before we left her house she texted her ex and said "Hello Rick, Please FaceTime the girls today, they miss you. Thank you!"

Our second stop was the car dealership.

The GM was waiting and after shaking hands again and introducing Catherine, the Assistant GM took Catherine out to show her the options to pick her new car. 

I asked him if he had received the retention check and he said he had. He thanked me and we talked business. 

We walked back to the owner's office and I double checked to make sure the locks had been changed. They had. 

I said the numbers showed things were good and I asked him where he needed help.

The GM said he thought both new and used car sales could be improved. He also said that the service manager would have to go. 

I asked about the Assistant GM. "How would this place run if you were on vacation for two weeks? Could he handle it?" 

He replied that the Assistant GM could do okay for a long weekend but after that the place would fall apart. 

Just then my cell phone pinged. My attorney was outside. We brought him in and we spoke candidly.

I told the GM that I was bringing in a mystery shopping company to see how effective the sales people were. What I didn't share was that they had been mystery shopping for a month.

I told him I was bringing in a financial person to look at the books. Cynthia my young CFO friend would be coming in tomorrow for her assessment.

I said we were hiring a recruiter to find more sales people, a new service manager and a new assistant GM. 

Based on the mystery shoppers experience my recruiter already had new salespeople lined up.

I told the GM "You need to be out of here starting at 6 tonight and I want you to go to Las Vegas or San Diego or Santa Barbara. You need a break. Leave your cell phone here. You and I can meet Tuesday morning for breakfast." I gave him $2000 in Visa gift cards to eliminate any excuses.

Catherine had her car picked out and had some suggestions for her mom and dad. 

Catherine was very excited at all we had going on for the trip. Getting a new car was something she had only dreamed about. 

The next stop was Lorraine's office. She gave me a professional and yet warm greeting and gave Catherine a friendly hello.

Lorraine gave no indication that less than 72 hours before we'd been engaged in the most intimate of sexual acts. Acts that were still outlawed in some states I believe. 

I drove us over to the lease house and Catherine and Lorraine measured rooms and discussed carpet and paint. My phone pinged a text and Kim arrived a few minutes later. 

Kim you will recall was the friend of my wife who had worked on the cottage and on CYN Suits. I had set her up in Las Vegas in her own interior design company and was steering a lot of business her way. 

The last two times I had traveled to Las Vegas I had been with Kim. She was a two hole girl for the time being. Everything but anal. 

It turned out that Catherine and Kim knew one another. They greeted each other with hugs and kisses.

Considering the fall off in referrals when my wife passed Kim was doing very well now, thanks to me.

So was this awkward? Three women I had slept with in the last ten days in the same room, and while I should have been in a cold sweat, I wasn't. 

Kim was cool with me being with Catherine. She'd never made as much money in her life as she was making now and we both knew that while the sex was great between us though very sporadic we weren't going anywhere as a couple.

Lorraine and I had incredible sex but she was still recovering from her husband walking out on her. She was also 10 years older than me. She also appreciated the money she made from my business. And the referrals I gave her.

Catherine knew what she wanted and got the ball rolling on her new house. I had calculated that we would probably be in the lease for two years so getting it right was important.

She and Kim would be working together on getting things done, starting tomorrow when they started spending on carpet and tile, paint, appliances, and furniture. 

The house would be ready in three weeks. We'd be back in two to supervise the move in. 

Before we left the house I told Lorraine and Kim "We're looking for an apartment building to purchase. Or several. Somewhere under 12 million. Okay Lorraine?"

She smiled and said "I'm on it." Lorraine could see a big commission check coming.

"Kim, you'll be designing whatever we buy so you might want to consider getting your California contractor's license. There will be a lot to coordinate inside and out. This will be had first of many opportunities for all of us."

Kim smiled too thinking of the dollars.

The ladies exchanged contact information and all of us headed to the view lots. 

It was hot so we didn't stay long. I had told Catherine she could pick the lot we would build on. She wanted us to make the decision together and she did not want to make a decision in front of Lorraine and Kim.

++++

We went by the grocery store and Catherine shopped for dinner and breakfast. 

She suggested we could use a break from dining out and alcohol for a few days. 

She stocked us up on flat and sparkling bottled water. Yes Dear.

The Dodgers played at 6pm so I watched the game while Catherine baked us chicken, rice, and veggies. 

We did FaceTime with the girls. Tom and Isabella had them visiting museums punctuated by spending sprees, I mean shopping excursions.

After dinner I did the dishes and as I was finishing up in the kitchen Catherine walked by wearing one of her new suits and slipped into the hot tub. She smiled as she walked past.

I joined her in about two minutes flat. I stripped off and found my way to the hot tub. Minus the bubbly.

We started kissing and fooling around and she straddled me and asked me to remove her top. 

God I love those fun bags!

I was very hard, and Catherine knew it. She could feel me. And see me beneath the hot water. 

And she started rubbing me with her tiny swimsuit covered crotch.

After more kissing and fooling around, she said "Sweetie, take off my bottoms and slip into me."

I did and she laughed and said "I'll bet that feels great, doesn't it Jack? Are you just loving my shaved pussy? I'll bet you missed me last night, didn't you? I'm going to make it up to you tonight lover."

We kissed some more, she moved a bit getting me even more interested in things and she broke the spell when she said "I'm going to ask you a few questions and I want the truth. Okay?"

I was learning about her. She was just like her mother. Direct. 

I was taken back and replied "I've always told you the truth. I have never lied to you. And I never will."

She kissed me hard and said "I know honey but I need to be reassured. We're making big decisions and I'm scared."

I asked her "Do you want to slow down?"

Catherine said "No. I need clarity on something very important to me. For us."

I held her tightly as we sat face to face in the hot tub, my very hard dick inside of her and I said "Go ahead. Ask away."

"Did you sleep with Lorraine?"

"Yes." I am hoping Catherine won't ask WHEN I slept with her. Because it was just a couple of days ago.

"Did you sleep with Kim?"

"Yes." I'm praying that Catherine won't ask me WHEN I last fucked the daylights out of her. Which was the last time I was in Las Vegas.

Catherine continued "I know about your little harem at the company that sold. And the other harems in the other companies you're doing business with -- what's the status of that?"

I replied "I have not had sex with Gloria, who you met, but I did have sex with Cynthia who you saw me talk to that night getting on the bus, and Eva, who was not there at the party. As for the other companies, no, I have not slept with any one from those other companies." 

Catherine asked, "Did you sleep with other women since your wife passed?"

"Yes." I'm hoping, silently praying, that Catherine won't ask me for details. 

Because there was so much ass I couldn't remember everyone I had fucked if I had two weeks to put the list together.

"Okay Jack. I get it. I'm okay with your past. But going forward starting right this minute, the only way you get to sleep with another woman is if I sleep with them first. In other words, I'll be approving who you fuck. If anyone you slept with in the past wants to sleep with you again, they have to satisfy me first. So, if Cynthia wants you to fuck her again, I'm okay with that, but Cynthia is going to be licking me to my satisfaction before you stick one inch of that beautiful cock of yours in her pussy or her mouth or her ass."

This was another conversation I wasn't ready for but what the hell. It had been a strange year. Very strange.

I looked at Catherine and nodded, and as I did, I created a list in my head of pussy lickers for Catherine. 

Off the top of my head I thought of Dana, Sonia, Sandy, Carmen and Marie in Las Vegas. I thought of Susan and Monica in Mexico; Lisa in the Midwest, Eva and Kayla and Michelle in Los Angeles. I wasn't sure about Cynthia but maybe, who knows what Catholic girls do. Kathy was back with her husband so she was off the list. But if she separated again she might be interested. 

I mentally checked off everyone and then, stupid me, I remembered Lorraine and Kim. But I didn't know if they liked eating pussy. And Akiko in Japan, who had grown to really enjoy the female flesh.

Catherine started laughing and squeezing her already fantastically tight pussy. I groaned in pleasure.

"I can see your wheels turning Jack. I had you stop drinking so you would have a clear head. You're making a list for me, aren't you baby? That's being a smart man, a husband who puts his wife's pleasure in front of his own."

"Now Jack," she continued, "Anyone new you want to fuck, I get pre-approval over."

I nodded. I knew where this was going.

Catherine continued, "Let's just say we go back to Morton's and you fancy a hot little waitress. But I don't. She goes into the rejection pile. I'm the Supreme Court, no amount of begging is going to get you to change my mind; its case closed sweetie and no appeals. But let's say I do approve of little Jennifer or Stephanie or Melissa and they're game to play. I get satisfied first. I always cum first Jack. Those are my rules for me allowing you to play this very pleasurable game with your wedding ring on your finger and when you are married to me."

Catherine squeezed extra hard with her pussy. I groaned again. She was very, very good with her pussy. Now that is was bare, it was even better for me and she knew it.

She continued "I want you to know I would really prefer that you only sleep with me but I'm aware of your high need for sexual variety so I'm willing to allow some leeway in our marriage to keep you very happy and satisfied as my husband."

She said to me, "But if you sleep with someone behind my back, you'll break my heart and I can't let that happen to me again. You're the love off my life. I know you won't ever intentionally hurt me."

I nodded. In agreement and understanding.

Catherine continued "And, all this activity, all of our playing, takes place out of town, away from our family."

I got it. Catherine and Isabella put their heads together and came up with the grand compromise. 

I get Catherine and her three holes when I want them and fresh pussy but she controls where my penis goes. This is called My Marriage. 

But what she said is a million times better than what most guys get. They get the same pussy, when it is available, for the next 40 years.

Then she smiled at me and whispered into my ear, her large breasts pressed into my chest and her pussy fully contracting around my cock, keeping me very hard, "I know it sounds harsh but I can't have you fucking women behind my back baby. But you still pretty much get unlimited pussy, it's just that they have to lick me first - take care of me first. In front of you. Two girls satisfying themselves for your viewing pleasure. Getting me wet and ready for you to stick that big beautiful hard cock in me. And when I'm done with you, you get to fuck our guest. Two pussies, two mouths, two asses for you. It's my lifetime wedding gift to you to keep you faithful to me. It's a deal you can't refuse. Every husband in the world would kill to take your place Jack. What do you say? Who should we invite over first to play?"

She kissed me again and smiled and said "I'll bet you're making a whole list for me aren't you Jack? But baby, I just want one name for a night or two before we head back to Canada. Let's take this concept for a little test drive."

Catherine kissed me again, hard, and then looked at me as we were nose to nose in the hot tub. "Give me a name baby. I need to have my pussy licked by a girl. I want you to watch me cum on the lips and tongue of another woman. It will make you harder than you are right now."

She was fucking me and it felt so good it was all I could do was gasp out "Kayla."

"Who is she Jack?"

"A ... young ... very ... hot ... blonde ... about ... 23..."

"I like her already. Does she lick?"

I had visions of Eva being licked all night long in the hotel suite so I smiled and replied to Catherine "She ... loves ... to ... lick."

Catherine laughed and started fucking me with even more intention, "Good Jack, she'll be perfect."

Catherine kissed me deeply as she started ramping up her rotations on my cock. 

When our lips parted she said "We're going to have a great life Jack. You can have sex with me anytime in all three holes and for variety we both get to play with other women. In between we'll have a couple of beautiful babies. I love you Jack." 

I grunted as came into her pussy and she kept sliding up and down as I emptied my balls into her.

When I finished coming she had me sit on the edge of the hot tub and she licked me to hardness again. Actually, I never got soft; the idea of me watching Catherine squirming on Kayla's tongue kept me hard. 

I took Catherine by the hand with my erection bobbing in front of me and I fucked her on a lawn chair with the misters on, keeping us cool in the hot summer night. I gave her another big load after she came. 

Later she and I washed the chlorine off of each other under the outdoor shower and slipped into the sheets of the bed in the downstairs master bedroom. I wanted Catherine in my bed in my house. The cottage was for playtime and playmates.

++++

I came into Catherine's pussy three more times that night. 

By the time the sun came up on Sunday I had come five times into her since dinner.

It was a record for me. 

By the last time, there wasn't much left but effort.

Her pussy was like heroin for me. Addictive.

If you saw the movie The Wolf of Wall Street you know what I mean. Margot Robie.

The first time in bed was when she was riding me, bending over me, tits caressing my chest, sharing with me how great it was to have Kim's tongue on her clit while 

Catherine humped her face. Catherine said, "If you're a good boy I might let you take her doggy style as she licks me into heaven so you can see the pleasure on my face as a woman satisfies me. Would you like to cum in her pussy Jack? I'll bet it was nice and tight." With that I unloaded into her pussy.
