 We had just completed our morning walk, 4 miles. We do that now, it takes about 90 minutes.

That day, we went to our separate bathrooms as usual, to shower. It was 10am.

I got back to the bedroom first, wrapped in a towel. I took out fresh underwear and socks. I sat on the bed, and still feeling exhausted, I lay back on the bed, with my feet on the floor.

I closed my eyes and I guess I dozed for a minute.

She came out of the bathroom, also in a towel. She saw me there and smiled. I jolted awake, as she sat to dry her hair.

"Oh, I conked out," I said.

"Mmmm...thats ok."

She stared at me for a moment, I caught a glimpse of her cleavage beneath the loose towel. Absent minded, I stroked my chest, my fingers stroked my nipples, as she brushed her hair.

It had been 11 years since she touched me, since I touched her. I longed to touch her breasts, her hard nipples.

"Are you going to do that in front of me?" She said.

"At this point, sure why not?" I said.

"It's distracting," She replied softly.

"is it?"

My penis began to get pudgy. I stroked my nipples with my eyes closed She could have walked out, but she stayed. My nipples grew fully hard and stood up as I thumbed them I opened my eyes when I heard her breathing.

She was staring at my fingertips and my hard nipples, her towel had loosened — her left breast fully exposed.

"You do it too," I said. "I want to see, like we used to do."

She pulled her eyes from my nipples, to my face. She allowed the towel to fall around her and leaned forward slightly, her breasts swayed forward.

"Touch them, let me see you make them so hard." I said.

She raised one hand as if to clutch her throat, then she let her hand slide down slowly down her breast to the hard tip.

She touched it and the response was immediate, I could see her nipple rise like a hard stone, then she brushed her hand across to the other.

I didn't stop touching mine, they were as hard as I ever made them, my cock now fully hard under my towel. I tugged at the towel to make it fall open, my cock stood straight up, naked, throbbing, unrestrained.

She pulled her eyes from my nipples to my cock and back again.

"Use both hands I said," My mouth dry. "Show me how hard you can make your nipples. "Can I touch?" I said.

She leaned forward offering her hard nipples.

I pulled myself up to a sitting position. My cock pointing at her navel, her breasts hanging.

I reached out and touched her nipples as she threw her head back and gasped. I flicked them with my thumbs, like I used to do. They were long and hard.

"Touch mine," I said.

i continued to thumb flick hers, finally she reached out to me. She let her fingers stroke my nipples as I stroked hers.

Now we were reaching to each other pulling and flicking each others nipples. I tugged and flicked as she did to me, soon our movements were synchronized; we were into total nipple stimulation.

I knew her vagina was dripping as much as my dick was dripping pre cum. I took a dollop with my finger and applied it to her left nipple— the slipperiness was exquisite as she gasped.

i did it again to her right nipple — now I stroked both pre cum slippery hard nubs with new speed she increased the speed on my nipples.

I smelled her excitement.

"Use your wetness," I said.

She hesitated but after a moment —reached down put a finger into her vagina, brought out her wetness and applied it to my nipples.

"You might make me cum with your nipple play," I said.

"Mmmm," She hummed.

"Can I make you cum with nipple play?" I asked.

"Uhhh, you just might."

I squeezed her breasts, I felt their womanly weight for the first time in a decade. Her nipples were like rocks. I pulled and flicked them. I applied more pre-cum. She dipped into her vagina again and applied more girl wetness to mine.

"The next time you do that I want you to put your wet finger in my mouth." I said.

She gasped at the very idea. My heart beat like a drum. She groaned from somewhere deep in her sexual animal. "Uhhh...you're going to make me squirt soon."

"Let me taste you." I said, gasping.

She waited a moment, then scooped up more wetness. As she brought it up, I reached out and guided her hand to my mouth.

I sucked her wet finger and licked off all her lady-cum. I groaned with joy.

I took a dollop from my cock pee hole. Her eyes were closed, and while still stroking my nipples she stuck out her tongue. I put a taste of my pre-cum on her tongue. She sucked it all off. I felt my orgasm coming. "Oh, oh my god that was so so...uhhhh."

And I came in three quick hot squirts onto her thigh.

At that moment while I still tugging on her nipples, I heard her groan again. She gushed hot cum at the same time.

I put my hand there and thrust 3 fingers inside her, I thrust them in and out like a cock as she

moaned her pleasure. We has both cum from long denied nipple play and from having had no intimacy.

I leaned forward and we kissed, a deep longing kiss that hadn't happened in years.

When we broke, I said, "Sleep naked tonight, like we did when we were young. When we would wake and fuck and rub our nipples together. Not only now, tonight, but sleep naked every night, and fuck with me whenever I need you. Fuck with me and lick my nipples. Let me suck you and lick you. Do you want that?"

"Yes." She said softly. 

"Which part?"

"All of it, all the wonderful nipple play and licking and fucking."

"And sucking."

"Yes, and sucking."

Then we kissed again very deeply, and for a very long time.

We fell asleep until I woke at 1:15. I went to the bathroom and peed. I washed myself with a warm washcloth, her cum on my nipples.

When I came back to the bedroom, I dressed and had something to eat. I had a 2:30 appointment. I left a note on the table, "I love you," and left quietly.

When I came back at 7:30, she was just finishing cooking my favorite meal, chicken marsala.

I kissed her, and I noticed she was braless, (something she hadn't done around me in years) Dinner was great. We drank wine and cleaned up together.

We sat on a duel recliner and had a second glass of wine. She asked me about my appointment, I told her the client was satisfied and I made the deal.

"How about our deal?" I said.

"Mmmm I expect you to hold up your end of the bargain," She said.

"I promise, I will," I said, while gently stroking the side of her breast that was bare beneath her cotton top, her nipple came alive. 

Holding me closer, she undid one of my shirt buttons and slipped her hand inside to my bare chest. She found my sensitive nub and teased it to full hardness. We lie there, eyes closed, not speaking, just reveling in our pleasure. My erection strained to be released. I turned to her and we kissed deeply, now with my hand cupping her whole breast and kneading it as we tasted each other's wine-lips.

She clutched me closer, sorry now I thought, for all the years that passed when we were so young, our bodies more lean and tight. But I didn't voice my feelings except for the urgency of my kiss.

Though it was only 9:00 I said, "Somehow all of a sudden I feel like it may be bedtime."

She smiled, "Just what I was thinking."

I helped her up and while she walked to the bedroom, I refilled our glasses. I took a sip, placed hers on the night stand and went to my private bathroom.

Fifteen minutes later, both washed and refreshed, I came into the bedroom wearing my cotton bathrobe. She had just sat down and was taking a sip of wine. As I closed the door, she shrugged out of her towel, then she turned and slid beneath the sheets as naked as I remember in my younger days. Her breasts were womanly; nipples long and hard with her excitement.

I stood at the end of the bed and opened my bathrobe. For the first time in over a decade she gazed upon my throbbing, swaying erection. I had taken the time to closely trim my pubic hair as close as I could. I wanted her to see me as naked as possible. 

Her eyes set on my cock. I strolled to my night stand, cock swaying, took a sip of wine and shut the light. I lit a candle, the warm glow filled the room. Excited, I slipped below the sheets and into her arms. Our naked bodies hadn't touched in so long, the warmth of her soft flesh was exciting. We embraced and kissed again, though I tried to calm my urgency. I licked her tongue as she swooned her pleasure, my hands found her breasts, nakedly for the first time. She purred her joy as I groaned my pleasure. Now her thumb found my nipples ad she played with them as I had dreamed she would. I felt each stroke down into my cock as though it was hot wired.

I wanted everything — to lick her and suck her and have her suck me and then fuck her from behind and from in front. I wanted to fuck her with my tongue and even cum on her nipples.

But then, she knew my favorite thing, to lick each others nipples at the same time.

She rolled above, her breasts swaying over me. She looked lovingly as she lowered one breast to my mouth as she sought out my nipple with her tongue. We began the dance of licking and sucking each others nipples. She moaned as I licked and sucked and nibbled as she did the same to me, then we switched nursing, sucking squeezing biting each hard nipple.

If possible, my cock got even harder than before. Our nipple love continued as she held her breasts and rubbed her nipples on mine, my ultimate joy. Our hard nubs rubbed and scraped together, jolts of pleasure went through me. She uttered her pleasure with her rapid exhaling and moans.

She reached down and took a dollop of pre-cum from my dripping cock, and rubbed the slippery clear fluid on her nipples, then reached for more.

She looked into my eyes as she lowered her nipple to my mouth, I opened my mouth willingly to accept the taste. I licked her hard pre-cum slick nipples sucking and savoring the taste.

Now I snaked my hand down to her open vagina, literally dripping her wetness on me. I scooped some with my fingers and put the wetness on my nipples. She hesitated, but only for a small second before sucking the woman wetness from me. As she did so, she began to stroke my erection. We both sucked as she stroked, in a few moments I threw my head back and groaned, "Oh. My. God."

She took that to mean I was close and she quickly slid down and took my cock in her mouth. I opened my legs as she sucked my cock whole, to the base. I began to ejaculate down her throat in a matter of seconds. I fucked her mouth for a minute after I had cum.

"Face fuck me," I begged, "straddle me now, feed your vagina to me."

She didn't hesitate. She slid up, straddled me and I placed my hands on her ass and guided her open vagina to my mouth. She reached for the head board as I engulfed her mons, I licked and sucked her, I put my face and my tongue in her vagina and urged her to face fuck me.

"Cum on my face," I urged her, she was on the verge of shouting as she quivered and leaned back. I felt a hot flush on my face as she orgasmed on me the dirtiness of the act was overwhelming. I rejoiced as I licked her girl cum.

The sensations were too great and she finally slid off and onto her stomach. I didn't want it to be over, I wanted more, I wanted her to know that I had no limits when it came to loving her.

I rolled on top of her back, she giggled. I began kissing her back and I slid down a few inches, she began to laugh and squeal as I went lower. Now I kissed her lower back and the place where the buttocks separate. She burst out laughing and clutched her ass cheeks tightly.

I went lower, kissing each ass globe and licking between them as she clenched.

I had once let my tongue slide over her asshole many, many years ago- she had yelped and cautioned me that that was not a place for me to go. 

Now I didn't mind and if I could get her to un-clench, I would go there, if not then maybe another day.

I didn't push, I gently rolled her over. She was giggling again, and this time I saw that she had shaved her pubic area except for a tiny patch. Otherwise she was slick as a whistle.

I climbed back up, kissing her knees and thighs and above her womanhood to her belly button. All during which she was hysterically laughing.

Then all at once I bent her knees and brought them up to her chest, exposing her open vagina and asshole. The laughing stopped when I lowered my mouth to her lady kitten and sucked her clitoris into my mouth.

Soon she gasped and shouted Oh...oh...uhhhh...oh god...oh god..." I licked and sucked the nub of her clit, owning it, sucking it, licking it.

Her ass came up off the bed pressing her clit into my mouth as I licked. In my excitement I licked lower, across her puckered ass.

I kneeled up higher, and straddled her waist as she recovered with big heaving gulps of air. She knew what I wanted and she pushed herself up to meet me, her breasts swaying forward. We kissed, I knew she would taste herself on my lips.

I leaned back, my cock erect between us. She leaned forward and stroked the tip of my cock with her nipples, one of my favorite things, and she knew it. Back and forth with both heavy breasts, slapping my cock and poking my pee hole with her nipples.

"Ughhh I moaned, you might make me cum on your nipples...oh , god"

"I hope so, she said, I hope you squirt your hot cum all over my hard nipples."

That was all it took. I leaned back and groaned as a rope of cum squirted on her breasts, then another and another and another. Her breasts wee dripping in hot cum.

"Do you like to lick my hanging breasts?" She said.

"Yes, I love it more than anything." I gasped.

She crawled over me, her breasts swaying and dripping with cum. She looked lovingly into my eyes as I opened my mouth and engulfed her hard, hot, cummy nipple.

She raised up and sat down on my semi-hard cock, guiding it inside her vagina as I licked and sucked my cum.

She fucked my softening cock as I licked her. It was the first time my cock was in her in over a decade. She was hot and tight, and I knew that before the night was over, I would be doing it with a hard cock.