 By the time I met Elise, she was already several sheets to the wind. I'd just finished my first beer when she practically fell into my lap. I'm not really exaggerating either as she fell face first into my crotch, after tripping ass over tits in the sand surrounding the beach bar. Thankfully it didn't hurt, but the mere thought of her head in that region made me twitch.

"Watch it, Lovey!" said the busboy in a rather british accent, as he collected my empty beer glass from the table. She'd almost knocked him over. Good thing she didn't, as he had collected quite a tower of glasses.

The poor girl looked up at us with teary eyes, clutching at her left ankle. I nearly laughed -- she was wearing heels. Heels at the beach is asking for trouble!

"I fink I sprained it!" she blurted, and a tear rolled down her cheek. I grinned.

"I'll call you a taxi then," I said, pulling out my phone out.

"Fanks," slurred Elise "But I'm staying in one of the villas. Couldya jus walk me there?"

I agreed, of course. I still didn't know her name, but she was gorgeous -- the type you make any excuse to look at or touch. She was a tiny Asian girl, probably of Thai heritage, although she was clearly not purebred. Her waist would easily have been size one, but the bust that gave her away as being of mixed heritage put her at a size two average.

After I convinced Elise to take the ridiculous heels off, so she didn't bust her other ankle while we hobbled her to her villa, we headed off. She forgot to tell me that the villa was the one on the very far side of the complex. I didn't mind though, it meant I got to walk along the beach with her. The cool water of the waves lapped at her inflamed ankle, which seemed to have a good effect on her.

We talked a bit, introducing ourselves. I wasn't entirely honest. Whoops. She told me her name was Elise Huang, and that she had just arrived in the area and wanted to stay for a few months on a working holiday. We talked about other stuff too, but I've mostly forgotten it all now -- or I never really heard it. My mind was a little one-track by this point, if you know what I mean.

I pulled out my hip flask and offered it to the girl.

"What is it?" she asked.

"Just vodka." I replied. She shrugged and took a big swig, and handed it back.

I acted like took a big swig, but didn't actually let much pass my lips. I wanted her to have as much as possible. I passed it back and she took another big gulp. She never twigged on and before long, the flask was empty and she was off her face.

The moon lit the beach up well enough for walking, but even in a daylight it's hard to spot fishing line. Some careless fisherman had discarded a knotted bunch, and it had washed up on the beach, waiting just under the surface for a victim. That victim, it seems, was me. It latched onto my feet and brought me down pretty swiftly. Without me to hold her up, Elise fell too.

It was rather funny, or so we thought. "You should have seen your face!" blurted Elise, before dissolving into a fit of drunken giggling.

From my vantage point (or lack of) on the ground, I noted that we were both mostly hidden by a patch of palms and dune shrubs. I was alone with Elise. My pants twitched again.

"Good thing nobody could see me, since we're hidden behind those bushes." I said, emphasizing the last word subconsciously.

"Tehehe!" she replied, "We're both wet now too!"

"And filthy?" I queried her, with a naughty grin on my face. "Wet and filthy?"

"Maybe..." she responded, and giggled again. Elise was now rather out of breath from her giggling fit, and in her drunken state was laying like a hiccuping stunned mullet in the sand.

The fall had hitched the skirt of her dress up to her hips, revealing delicate pink satin panties, but she was too inebriated to notice or care.

Wisps of her hair lay across her eyes and mouth. Carefully I reached over and dusted the inky tendrils aside. She just grinned back at me. With the courage instilled in me by her grin, I leaned over slowly, and gently placed my lips on hers. I only brushed them lightly. It's all I needed to do.

One of her hands left her side, and touched my cheek. I kissed her again, but with much more passion this time. She responded in kind. Both her hands were around my neck now.

I scooped her up, and shuffled us up away from the lapping waves onto some matted stringy grass, and closer to the bushes hiding us more from prying eyes. It wasn't all that elegant, but Elise didn't seem to mind, she kept kissing me.

My crotch was pressing against her thigh by now, and it was expressing itself as nature intended -- which she felt.

I kind of expected her to freak, but instead she blushed and looked down to see the bulge she was making. She looked back up at me, deep into my eyes, and bit her lip.

I took it as encouragement, and moved my hand to her other thigh, where the bottom of her short little dress was sitting. She didn't complain. I gently hooked my thumb under the hem and pushed ever so slowly upwards. Again, no complaints. Soon enough, her skirt was all above her hips, showing me her extremely thin waist and washboard abdomen for the first time.

Elise wasn't anorexic, but with her Asian heritage she was naturally very thin. With the position she was in, outstreached on the sand, this thinness was amplified and her hip bones could be seen clearly, leaving bubbles where the fabric of her panties crossed them. I gently feathered my finger across her navel, and down the outline of her hip. Still, there were no complaints.

I adjusted my sitting position, as my jeans were becoming a little uncomfortable, and made a point of undoing the button, to see her reaction. She swallowed and giggled nervously, but still said nothing. I was getting quite brave now, and reached down to her pubic mound, and gently feathered my thumb over the soft fabric covering her pubus. I was surprised to find it already quite damp. The satin material did not appear that way.

Elise briefly closed her eyes and took a deep breath. I repeated the stroke, and got the same reaction.

Carefully, I reached to my fly, and slowly unzipped. My bulge took the invitation and started it's escape. I pushed the waist of my jeans and jocks down, and it sprung out in all it's 8 inch glory, yielding a gasp from the totally intoxicated girl beneath me.

I leaned back over her body, and carefully planted a kiss on her lips. She responded as she had earlier. I felt something shift beneath me, and realised it was her legs spreading.

Resting on one arm while in this embrace, I slowly traced my other hand from Elise' hips all the way up to her chest. Through the fabric of her dress, I massaged one of the small mounds on her chest, using my fingernail to cause friction vibrations over the nipple. Her body responded as it should, and I felt the nipple tighten under the layers of fabric. Her legs spread further. My hand left her chest, and moved back down to her lower mound. I began rubbing her through the fabric again, and before long her legs were wide open, ready for me.

Swiftly, I moved the fabric to the side, exposing her pinkness to the sea breeze. She gasped as the cold air kissed her clit. I gently gouged a finger along her valley, and found her to be quite slick indeed.

I positioned myself between her now spread legs, and leaned up over her body. I embraced her once more, and looked deep into her eyes as my glans began to trace the path my finger made between her lower lips until it was rested at her entrance. I could feel her heat, and it made me tremble slightly, anticipating the tight little tunnel I was about to enter. Slowly, I pushed forward, inching my way in. Still, Elise didn't complain. In fact, she wriggled a little, making it easier for me to get into her.

She was quite tight. Much tighter than I had anticipated. She grimaced a little as I pushed further and further inside her, and eventually bottomed out, the tip of my manhood pressed against her cervix.

Slowly, I began to move in and out, bottoming out each time. She was bucking against me.

"Ah! ah ah ah ah!" she shrieked in rhythm with my thrusts. Her eyes were close and her mouth ajar.

"You like that, don't you?" I growled with lust. "you like being fucked like a whore."

"It feels so good!" she said, tweaking her nipples -- her eyes still closed.

"You like my cock in your hot wet cunt, don't you, you whore?"

"Fuck yes. Fuck me. Fuck meeee!" 

We fucked hard and fast, my thrusts bottoming out in her tiny cunt.

It was Elise who climaxed first, and her tight little passage milked me into my climax.

I buried my shaft as far into her as I could, passing even her cervix, and spurted my seed directly into her womb. She was so taken up in her own pleasure that she didn't notice.

We lay there exhausted for a few minutes until I went soft. I pulled out and carefully placed the underwear over her sticky opening.

I got up and brushed myself down, then bent over and picked Elise up. "So, which villa did you say it was, again?"

She fell asleep as I carried her to her villa. As I lay her down on her bed, I kissed her forehead, and she stirred. Before I knew it, she was kissing my mouth passionately. My pants stirred again.

What was I to do but make the most of the situation. I lay down on the bed next to her, kissing and fondling her. I was much less cautious than before. Before long, I had her dress back up around her waist. I released my dick for a second time and pushed her panties from her sticky hole.

I plunged into the soppy passage and pumped away.

"Fu-u-u-uk!" panted Elise groggily as she came for the second time. Soon after, I popped the head of my cock into her cervix, and washed her unprotected fertile womb with my potent cum for the second time that night. 

*****

About six weeks later, I saw Elise again. She didn't see me though since she had her eyes closed and was sunbathing on the beach, sprawled out. 

Her breasts were larger, and her abdomen was no longer washboard flat -- but she was by no means fatter.

One of my seeds had germinated.