 As Allen stepped out of his car, the Florida night wrapped itself around him, hot, sticky, thick. He reached down for his briefcase and felt his shirt, so recently cool from the air conditioning, peel slowly away from his body as a drop of sweat rolled down the inside of his arm. It had been a long evening getting the report finished, but now all he was thinking about was the cold beer in his refrigerator.

Walking across the apartment parking lot, he heard the sound of a boom-box coming from the pool. He cut across the clipped grass toward the sound and saw the small group sitting at pool- side, beers in hand, talking in the night. He smiled, wondered how long they would be there, then walked around the corner and let himself into his apartment.

Within moments he was down to his silk boxers and socks, reaching into the cold refrigerator for the beer. He sat down, flicking on the television to catch the news as the air conditioner came on; he leaned back into the pillows, focusing on the cool air rushing over his body. After the news, he slid open the glass door and, tilting his head, listened for the sounds of talking and music by the pool. All he heard was the traffic behind the front row of buildings and the steady chirping of crickets throughout the complex. He smiled, and figured it was a good time to take a quick swim before climbing into bed.

Without bothering to pull on a swimsuit, he wrapped a towel around his lean body and put the shirt he had been wearing back on. He knew from past nights that he would have the pool to himself, and could enjoy the silky movement of the water over his naked body. He walked briskly but quietly across the short expanse of grass, the only noise as he entered the pool area was the soft squeak of the gate hinge. He walked in the shadows, avoiding the glare of the solitary floodlight, making sure he was alone. Once he had been embarrassed to discover a couple in the shadows, after he had gotten out of his shirt and towel and was stepping into the pool. Now he checked the pool and all the chairs before beginning his swim.

Satisfied that he was alone, he left his shirt and towel in a pile by the steps, and walked into the pool, barely rippling the surface. The water felt cool against his hot skin, but he knew it would soon feel warm, having been warmed by the intense sun of the day. Gliding forward, he fell into a steady breast-stroke, moving quietly the length of the pool in the hot, still night. Back and forth he swam, careful not to splash, alternating between laps of breast-strokes and side strokes. As he neared the end of the tenth lap, he could feel his breath running short and the tightness in his chest begin to burn. "Break time," he thought to himself.

He spread his arms out on the lower lip of the pool's edge, arching his back to let his long legs rise toward the surface. Leaning his head back against the concrete, he spread his legs apart, then pulled them together, again and again, feeling the eddys of water moving over his thighs, curling up beneath his scrotum, moving his balls gently back and forth in the water.

He had made sure that he was resting in the shadow of a group of palm trees and magnolia bushes so that he wouldn't be looking into the glare of the floodlight. Looking up at the stars, his legs still moving back and forth under the water, he focused on the delicious feeling of the water on his skin, the currents moving over his legs and belly and ass, caressing his skin and waking up his nerves even as it relaxed him. When he swam during the days he cursed the necessity of having to wear a swimsuit; having tried all styles, from the loosest to the briefest, he knew of no feeling like swimming naked, the feeling of water moving over bare skin.

When he heard the creak of the gate hinge, he stopped and let his legs slowly drop deeper into the water. He heard the footsteps behind the magnolias, and waited quietly, slowly turning his head to see who was there. The woman looked neither right nor left, but walked to the edge of the pool, dropped her towel and started taking off her shirt. Allen watched as she peeled it off her arms, her brief bikini barely covering her slim hips. Her long hair reached down to the string holding her top across her back. She turned, and his eyes focused first on her full breasts, then traveled down her belly to the triangle of cloth hiding playfully between her thighs. As she started to reach behind her to untie the top, she noticed his towel and shirt at the far end of the pool and quickly glanced nervously around. He cleared his throat to let her know where he was.

"Oh," she said, when she spotted him in the shadows, "I thought I was all alone! Do you mind if I swim for a while?"

"No, not at all," said Allen. "But just so you don't have any more surprises, I better tell you that I thought I would be alone, so didn't bother with a suit." He tried to say it lightly, casually, but felt that he was shouting awkwardly into the still night.

She paused for a moment, staring down at him across the pool. He wondered if she were trying to verify that he was naked, but didn't think she could tell since he was in the shadows and she was looking toward the floodlight. "Given the choice, I really prefer skinny-dipping," he went on. "If it bothers you, I was just about ready to go back in anyway."

"No, that's alright," she said, her laughing voice soft and throaty. "I know the feeling, since that's why I come so late to swim. I think I've seen you here before, but usually wait until you are gone before coming into the pool area. I just didn't know it was you, I was so startled when you coughed. Last week I waited in the shadows and watched you swim, but didn't come in here until you had gotten out, dried yourself, and left. I hope you don't mind my watching." She paused, then added softly, "I enjoyed it."

Allen felt his cock beginning to grow as she mentioned that she had been watching him. He wasn't sure what to say, and his mind was focused more on the water moving over his growing cock than it was on fashioning a reply. "No, I guess not," he finally said. "Would you rather swim alone?"

She turned and walked toward him, her long legs brushing together with each step, then stood at poolside looking down into the water. He turned toward her and looked up as she smiled, then slowly reached back and unfastened the top. "Not really," she said, "I don't mind company, if you don't." She dropped the top to the cement, then pushed the panties of her suit down her legs and kicked them off. Quickly, she sat on edge of the pool and slid into the water next to him. He had a short, wondrous vision of her naked body, nipples full and dark in the night light, pubic hair dark and fine disappearing between long, smooth thighs. As she slid into the water just a foot or so away from him, the currents of water snaked softly around his now stiff cock, and he longed to just reach out to feel the weight of her breast in his hand.

She ducked her head under the water, then came up saying, "My god, this water feels wonderful! On nights like this, I just can't even imagine wearing anything to swim in. I'm glad you feel the same way." With that, she raised her arms above her head and dropped down into the water, straight down until her feet touched the bottom. He looked at her through the ripples, unable to focus on anything because of the dancing waves, until he saw her starting to rise again. When she had cleared the water from her face, and pushed her hair back, she faced him and said, "You look even nicer up close, from under the water. And you're obviously pleased to see me too." Then she giggled and winked at him, and said, "Stay here a sec."

Allen didn't move, his mind mulling over what she had just said, wondering what it meant, as she sank into the water again and pushed herself off the wall, gliding away from him under the surface. He watched her back and ass and legs as she swam, and felt his cock still straining under the water. When she got about fifteen yards away, she surfaced and turned toward him. "Good boy," she said, playfully. "Now don't move. There is something I have always wanted to do, and right now I have the feeling the time is just right. Stay still, okay?"

When Allen shrugged his shoulders, she smiled and winked, then disappeared under the water with a gentle splash. He was just beginning to wonder where she would surface next, when he felt the water moving over his legs and looked down to see where she was. He felt her hands gently push his thighs open, and watched in mixed delight and terror as she glided up to him, sliding her face along his thigh until he felt her lips pressing against the back of his balls. Suddenly, she softly exhaled, sending a stream of bubbles dancing around his balls and between the cheeks of his ass, dancing under his rigid cock, across his anus and up his back, tickling and caressing and feeling like nothing he had ever felt before. She blew again, pressing her face tightly between his legs, holding his thighs apart as she emptied her lungs, his balls bouncing against her cheek and nose as the bubbles jumped and slithered around them.

She broke the surface, gasping for air, holding onto the edge of the pool, her arm warm against his. He started laughing and blurted out, "Where the hell did that come from?"

She laughed too, an almost hoarse, throaty laugh, echoes of Bacall and Hepburn weaving in and out of the sound. "I've just been curious what it would feel like to do that," she laughed. "So tell me, how did it feel to you?"

"I don't know that I could describe it," he said, "sort of ticklish, but really . . . really strange at the same time. However it was, if felt damned nice!"

He felt her fingers moving swiftly and lightly down his belly and along the length of his cock, so gently that he wondered if it were really her fingers or just the water moving over him. "Mmmm, so I see," she said. Her hand moved up and down the length of him, gently stroking, exploring his length. "When I was watching you the other night, I was really tempted to join you then, but you got out of the pool and I lost my nerve. You feel as nice as you looked, swimming there in the moonlight. I've thought a lot about you since then, and what you would be like up close, hard, like this. I hope you don't mind. You feel better than I imagined." With that, he felt her hand move softly over his belly and chest, then she moved back from him and leaned her head back against the cement splashwall.

He still felt the gentle caresses of her fingertips against his skin. His cock, moving in the water as it throbbed from within seemed to remember and replay each delicate touch and stroke. "I, uh, don't know what to say. Thank you, I guess," he managed to stammer. "I'm in a bit of shock, as you can imagine."

As she turned her head slowly toward him, her breasts rose slightly, her dark nipples barely breaking the surface of the water. She smiled as she looked at him and said, "I was afraid you were going to come out with something disgustingly hip and macho. Thank you for just being straight and not playing some dumb macho game. I would have been really shocked and embarrassed by what I just did and said if you had said anything else at all." She let her fingers reach out and idly stroke his shoulder, her legs floating free in the water, her breasts rising and falling softly just under the surface. "So tell me, how did it feel to you? It felt awfully nice to me, but the whole time I was afraid you would jump and kick me in the face!"

"I can't really describe how it felt. Partly because I was so surprised, and partly because I have never felt anything so intensely delightful in my life! I really can't find any words to describe it. But," he said, pausing for a moment, "I can show you."

Before she could turn her head, Allen dropped beneath the surface and brought his face up between her legs, sliding his hands along the backs of her thighs to hold her ass cheeks as he felt her stiffen slightly. He pressed his nose against her pubic hair, feeling with his lips for the soft opening between her thighs. Moving his face slowly back and forth until he felt her lips opening against his, he explored with his tongue until he could center his mouth just over the smooth skin between her cunt and her anus. Opening his lips slowly, he pressed his mouth against her, anchoring the tip of his tongue between her lips, and softly, steadily blew against her until he felt his lungs nearly empty of air. With his lungs beginning to burn, he pushed his tongue further into her, then dragged his mouth slowly closed, feeling her lips and pubic hairs against his sensitive skin. Moving smoothly so as not to startle her, he pushed back and rose above the surface to take a deep breath of night air.

"Oh, god, what an amazing feeling," Connie thought as she felt the bubbles cascading between her legs, racing over her cunt and back and forth as they roiled over her asshole and along the crack between her cheeks. She strained to spread her legs further apart as he kept blowing and blowing against her, feeling the water flowing up her ass to her back, pushed by the bubbles. More bubbles ran over and between the lips of her pussy, tickling and teasing as they bumped against her clit, then danced over her pubic hair and ran up her belly. It felt as if he would never run out of air, and she could feel her fingers digging into the cement of the pool as her whole body wanted to concentrate on the feeling of his lips and tongue -- and the bubbles, always the bubbles, moving and jostling between her legs and over the soft, smooth flesh between her cheeks.

Suddenly, the bubbles stopped, and as she heard him gasping for air she also felt her cunt opening, as if reaching out and searching for more of those delicate and playfully intense invaders. Her stomach tightened as she pushed her hips forward, hoping to catch maybe one stray bubble somehow still miraculously near, to grip it and hold it between the fleshy lips of her vulva, to roll it around between them before finally having to let it slide up over her clit on its silvery ascent to the surface. She felt a light tickling moving down, not up, her belly, and it was a moment before she realized that it was his fingers moving over her skin then softly parting her pubic hairs as he traced around the edges of her cunt. He barely touched her as he moved back and forth on both sides of her swollen lips, running softly along the edge of her pouting flesh. His fingers met where her lips converged, then as they moved forward again they separated, only to meet once more where her clit was straining to push itself against their gentle roughness.

Back and forth his fingers traveled, barely touching her, feeling the movement of her skin as her lips swelled out to suck him into her. He paused briefly for just a moment, his fingers once again together deep between her thighs, and she caught her breath in her throat as she waited for the warm hint of a touch to begin moving again. Her entire being was concentrated between her legs, she could almost see his fingers resting lightly against the folds of her skin. It startled her when a soft blast of coolness pushed against her anus, only to be quickly replaced by a third finger gently stroking her there in tight circles. Her cheeks clenched involuntarily for just a second, then relaxed as she felt the finger move forward, sliding slickly between her lips as the fingers once again traced their way toward her clit.

She pulled her stomach in, trying to draw his finger deeper as it moved slowly forward, but to no avail. Relentlessly it moved with the other two, the two outside her flesh but so incredibly absorbed by her. He barely touched her inner lips as he moved, and she could feel them straining open, reaching for him, so sensitive as to be aware even of the whorls of his fingerprint against her flesh. When he lightly stroked the underside of her clit, still moving upward without pause, she felt the ripple that ran just under her skin, moving suddenly up from her inner thighs, over her belly, and then over the fullness of her breasts. She looked down at her stiff nipples, which now stuck up out of the water, half expecting to see a spark as the feeling gripped them and seemed to shoot out toward the night sky. Trailing just behind that sudden ripple, his fingers slid up over her belly, across her left breast, and with a final circling of her tight nipple, were gone.

Quickly, she grasped the back of his neck with one hand, and turned to face him. "No," she whispered quickly, her breath held tight in her chest even as she was trying to speak. "No, don't stop, don't tease me. I wasn't teasing you before, at least I didn't mean to." Still holding his neck, she planted her other hand on the cement lip of the pool and rose out of the water to sit on the edge. Lifting her legs over his shoulders, she pulled him forward between her thighs, her hand on his neck guiding him closer as she felt the warmth of his back against her calves. The cement was rough against her buttocks, but she pushed herself forward toward his lips, the suddenly cold water of the pool lapping anxiously against her hot cunt. She dug her heels into his back, letting her knees stretch wide until the warmth of his lips pushed the water away from her aching sex.

For just a moment Connie's body hesitated, waiting for that moment when the lips would stop, when he would take a sudden breath through his mouth so as not to smell the ripeness of her sex. She had grown so accustomed to that moment, the briefest pause as her husband switched from passion to routine, going through the motions because it never failed to bring her juices forth so he could slide his turgid cock into her without resistance. She waited, but the moment never came. This strange man who swam alone, naked in the night, inhaled deeply of her scent, moaned softly to himself with animal pleasure, and gripped her legs to pull himself even closer.

As his hands gripped her thighs, she felt him gulping at her, taking ever larger portions of her sex into his mouth. She felt his teeth pressing into her mound as his lower lip reached further and further back with every lunge, spreading her lips wider open. As his chin pressed against her, she felt the cool water rush between her newly opened cheeks, bathing her asshole and running up her crack. Suddenly his tongue moved inside her, and the gentle pressure of his teeth pushed her clit back and forth, bouncing lightly against the tiny hills of his teeth, straining and throbbing and wanting still more.

It took him a moment to realize what was happening as he felt her legs pressing him forward, her hands pulling his at his head, pressing him to her. Until this moment the night had been a dream, a fantasy, a moment sliced from reality and held at arm's length to be delighted in but examined from, somehow, a distance. As his lips pressed against pubic hair he breathed deeply, filling his lungs with the rich sea-scent of her. It had been six long years since his senses had been bathed in that unique liqueur, that exhilarating mixture of ocean and moss and rain and sun, six long years of wondering how and when and where.

Without thinking he opened his mouth, his tongue flat against his lower teeth and gulped at her, lifting her with his chin so he could take more of her into him, his chin pushing against her, lifting, opening her to his tongue and lips and teeth. His hands grasped at her thighs to hold his face above the water as his tongue hooked into her, forcing her lips apart, searching, probing, somehow remembering with each nerve end. He opened his mouth yet wider, reaching deeper and deeper with his lower lip, pushing his tongue deeper into her, pressing still harder against the fur- covered knot of flesh with his teeth. She jumped as his teeth brushed over the slick pearl of her clit, pushing it back and forth, and he tried to pull back, fighting the fingers clenched around the back of his head. In that moment the six years vanished, the years of doubt and dread and wonder, and all that existed was the smooth warmth sucking at his tongue, the lips grasping his as he moved slowly back and forth, pressing her open, hungry for the taste and the scent so surprisingly new to him yet so familiar.
