 The lovely Jane Smith has returned. 

I hope you enjoy this installment. Please cast your votes when you're finished, and send me your thoughts. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Mmmm, that's lovely," Jane breathed softly, as I nuzzled her neck from behind. I had one arm draped over her hip, with my hand cupping a full, soft breast in a gentle caress. She was grinding her smooth rump back against my rapidly stiffening dick. 

After we had eaten breakfast, she coaxed me back into the bedroom, again, where she had orchestrated another session of passionate sexual pleasure. I'd never had such an intense start to a relationship before. The heat was building, and each of our four couplings had been more electric than those that preceded. Following the fireworks, we'd both just expired in each other's embrace, and now we were waking up again. Five is a nice number, too. 

Jane reached down, and found my hard cock, guiding it to the moist entrance of her vagina. Wriggling her rear end, she eased herself over my shaft, moaning softly, and turning her head as far as she could. I met her lips with mine, and pressed deeper into her. 

"Oh, that's so good," she whispered, undulating her hips as I searched out a rhythm of strokes that worked for both of us. I didn't take me long to get into the groove, and I went back to nibbling on her neck, while she moaned her delight. Now with both arms around her firm body, I held her tight, fondling her breasts, teasing her nipples to full height, and feeling her excitement rising. Her breathing was quivering, a sound I loved to hear from my bedmate. "More," she hissed. 

What a coincidence. 'More' was exactly what I had in mind. 

I gave it to her... slowly, gently, with sensuality...drilling against the firm cushioning of her, in my opinion, perfect ass. We weren't fucking right now. We were sharing a moment of soul-bonding passion. We were making love. 

Jane's body felt so natural in my arms. Smooth, soft skin, so warm to the touch, was everywhere my hands and lips went. I'm glad she liked getting her neck nuzzled, because it was going on my list of favourite things to do. I kept doing it, and she kept breathing these soft, satisfied sighs. Her pussy told me she was happy as well, getting hotter, and wetter. 

I was varying my pace, on occasion, switching from smooth gentle strokes to quick, ravenous spears into her receptive pussy. I wanted to prolong her enjoyment, holding off gratification until we were both about to lose our minds. It was winding her up nicely, and gave me the opportunity to pull back from the precipice each time I was nearly ready to spray her. Jane tapped my hip, and I released her, letting her spin around to face me. There was a playful grin on her face. 

She kissed me, and rolled on her back, dragging me on top of her. I felt her hand, as she guided my dick back into her cunt. She groaned as I reached bottom. 

"Oh yes, that's it baby. Push that big fucking cock all the way into me," she hissed, grabbing my ass with both hands. Her legs came up, wrapping around my hips. Obviously, her intent was to keep me close. I was fine with that. Her kisses were like heaven, and you don't want to leave heaven, do you? 

She gave me one last nibble, and laid back, fixing me with a lusty gaze. 

"It's nice from behind," she purred, "but I like the slow, deep, loving stuff like this... face to face, so I can see your eyes, and taste your lips." Her hands caressed my neck, and shoulders, dallying in my hair, while she gave me her smoky look. "Now, make love to me darling. Give it to me long, smooth and sexy." 

I had to agree, while fucking her from behind was fun, it really was better like this. I really enjoyed watching her face...her beautiful, expressive face, and succulent lips...as I probed her depths. Her eyes were sparkling with life, and widened slightly each time I drove my shaft into her. I had the added sensation of her big melons against my chest, as I slowly stroked into her, by simply rolling my hips back and forth. 

Her eyes told me everything I needed to know, begging for more wordlessly, but Jane wasn't shy about telling me anyway. Her voice was a soft, trembling whisper of lust. 

"Mmmmm, I do so love the way your big cock stretches my pussy wide open," she breathed. "Yes, that's so good, baby. Push it deeper. Ahhhh, so fucking big. You really touch all the bases, honey. I love it slow like this...not all the time, of course. Sometimes, a real hard shafting is just what a girl wants...to get fucked and used like a cheap whore. But sometimes," she kissed me gently, "with the right man, it's nice to be treated like a lady." Her lips quivered as she kissed me again. I guess I was the right man. I could get used to this. 

"Ooooooo, give me more, baby," she whispered. "I'm so close. Harder, please, and faster. Fuck my little cunt! Make me cum, please!" 

Oh, thank god she asked for it, because my strategy was nearly about to backfire on me. I had wanted to make her beg, by doing her slowly., and that had worked. I didn't count on it getting to me every bit as much as her, and had been fighting back the tide for a while. Much longer and I would have exploded inside her, without getting her off, and I didn't want to do that. 

I started to give her what she wanted, pounding her deeply, harder and faster as I went. The loud 'slap, slap, slap' of colliding flesh filled the room, mixing with Jane's moans, groans and encouraging words. Jane's hands pushed up on my shoulders, and I perched up higher at her suggestion, letting me thrash her harder still. 

Since she was a self described 'straightforward type of girl', she knew what she wanted, and I'm happy to say that was me. Well, currently, a particular part of me. 

"Do it!... Give me... that big... fucking... cock!... Fuck... me... baby!" she grunted, receiving my thrusts gratefully, if not quietly. "Fuck!... uhn... uhn...uhn...FUCK!... YES!... YES!" She was suddenly silent, as though someone had hit the mute button. 

Her eyes narrowed into agonized slits, and her mouth opened wide, as she curled her lips into a snarl of pleasure, wrinkling her nose. Her back arched, and she clawed at my shoulders, then found her voice again. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHNNNN! FUUUUCK YESSSSS!" she shrieked, while I continued to stroke into her desperately grasping pussy, which was oozing her delicious honey all over my balls. I growled the approach of my own climax, and Jane's eyes opened wide. 

"My tits!" she gasped, cupping them and holding them up for me. "Cum on my tits! Spray that hot cum all over them again! I love it!" 

I nodded, and gave her a few final frantic spears, then yanked my dick out of her oozing gash. I watched her eyes lock onto the slippery head of my cock, and her face took on a desperate, wanton grin. She watched me stroking it, looking down the barrel of the loaded gun, while she juggled her delicious boobs in the target zone. 

"FUUUUCK!" I grunted, and the deluge began. 

Okay, so my calculations were a little off. So sue me. Jane didn't seem to mind. 

The first rope hit her right on the lips, splashing across her chin and cheek. Too much pressure in the system, I guess, but after that initial misfire, I was right on the mark, dumping the rest of my cargo on her breasts. It pooled in her cleavage, coating her skin like sour cream icing. Her erect nipples poked up through the translucent goo, and Jane began to play with the slippery discharge, massaging it into her globes. 

"Nice shooting," she giggled, and licked her lips. "Mmmm. The next load goes right here," she whispered, pointing at her extended tongue. 

Okay. I can live with that. 

***

It was the motion of the bed that woke me this time, and I opened my eyes to see Jane's face, smiling down at me. She was dressed again, for the first time since her arrival last night. 

"There's my baby," she laughed. "I couldn't bring myself to wake you. You're so cute and peaceful when you're sleeping. I left you my address on the kitchen counter, and I'm going home to get changed. Meet me there about 6?" she asked. 

"Um, sure," I replied, sitting up a little, with difficulty. She was like alcohol ; too much Jane had physical consequences. Please fuck responsibly. "What time is it?" 

"Almost 4," she said. "I thought we'd see that movie we didn't see last night, catch a late bite, and spend the night at my apartment, if that's okay with you?" 

As far as I was concerned, anything that ended with 'spend the night' with her was just fine. I had started this with the attitude that a one night stand was perfectly acceptable, but now that I had sampled Jane's luscious charms, I was hooked. I wanted more nights like last night. As many as she'd give me. 

"Okay, I'll be there at 6," I nodded. She leaned over and gave me a wonderful send off kiss, then fluttered her fingertips at me and left the room. I heard the door open, and close. 

"Almost 4," I breathed, laying back in bed, and rubbing my face. Less than a day together, and already, she had worn me out. Five times. Five exquisite, soul-touching, spectacular times. 

Jane Smith, sex goddess, was already becoming more to me. 

***

I arrived at the address on the paper in my hand, just a few minutes before 6. This, I was not expecting. Jane lived right downtown, only about ten blocks from our office, which accounted (sorry for the pun) for her driving her car so little. The building was easily twenty stories high, and very impressive. 

I walked into the opulent, marble encrusted lobby, and was greeted by, of all things, a doorman / security guard in a suit. He was a great, hulking beast, who couldn't have looked more military if he was wearing a sign around his neck that said 'Jarhead'. 

"Good evening, Sir," he rumbled. "May I ask who you are visiting, this evening?" 

"Jane Smith," I replied, and he punched a few buttons.

"Ms. Smith...I have a visitor here... Are you expecting him?" he asked. "Yes, Ma'am, I'll send him up." He handed me a key card, and gestured to the right. "Elevator four. Just swipe this in the card reader, and it will take you right to her floor," he directed. 

This was definitely a first for me. I'd never known anyone who lived in a building like this before. I went to the elevators, and the doors to number four opened as I approached, welcoming me in. I swiped the card. 

"Thank you," the elevator said, and began to rise quickly. When the doors opened, I stepped out into a wide hallway. There was one door to the left, and another to the right, with both numbers starting with '23'. The door to the left opened, and Jane's smiling face peeked out. 

"Over here," she laughed, waving at me. "You found it okay?" 

"Um, yeah," I replied, still looking around, a bit dumbstruck. "First the Mercedes, now this?" 

"Not bad, is it?" she asked, ushering me inside the apartment. 

That wasn't quite accurate...it wasn't an apartment...it was a penthouse, sky house actually, with two levels, and massive walls of glass looking out over the city centre. 

"Jane? Just how rich is your family?" I gasped. 

"Well, let's just say we're comfortable," she whispered, wrapping her arms around my neck and planting a passionate kiss on my lips. When she came up for air, she gave me a huge smile. "Don't get the wrong idea. I'm not rich...at least not yet. My parents let me stay here, since they're only in town occasionally. The Mercedes was Dad being extravagant with a gift, and was a one time thing. Other than that, I'm just a regular girl."

"I don't know how to tell you this, baby," I laughed, "but there's nothing regular about you!" I held her close, caressing her back, and noticing that she was not wearing a bra tonight, which made me take closer notice of her outfit. Painted on jeans accentuated every nuance and curve of her sumptuous ass, while a light tan t-shirt did the same to her upper body. Her 'regular girl' clothes only made her sexiness even more obvious, or maybe it was the bullet points of her nipples that did it. She kissed me again to thank me for the compliment. 

"Let's go. We're only four blocks from the theatre, so I thought a little walk would be nice," she whispered, still looking deep into my eyes, her lips inches from mine. She smelled wonderful, a combination of freshly laundered hair and lilacs. I didn't want to let her out of my arms, but as long as she was with me, I'd let her take the lead. She grabbed her purse, and we walked out to the elevator. I couldn't help noticing the sexy jiggle that every step caused. It was going to be a fun evening. 

Moments later, we were on the street, walking quite leisurely along the sidewalk, her arm locked in mine. There weren't that many other people walking toward us, but I watched as every pair of male eyes that did approach were drawn inexorably to Jane's quivering chest. I could understand why, as I was equally drawn to the same thing out of the corner of my own eye.

It took us perhaps fifteen minutes to make it to the theatre, and we chatted idly along the way. As we approached the front doors, she smiled and asked me if I had been here before. 

"What's the difference between this and any other theatre," I asked, shaking my head. 

"Well," she laughed, "for starters, this is an adult theatre." 

"Really?" I said, surprised, misunderstanding her answer. 

"Not that kind of 'adult theatre'," she giggled, "although that could be fun, too!" She opened the door. "What I mean is, it's a theatre for adults only. No kids. So, they serve food and drinks directly to your seat." 

I had heard of this, but never been. The idea of having more than a soda and popcorn while watching a movie was appealing. When we got into the actual screening room, it became even more appealing, as I saw the seats were essentially reclining love seats, with no centre armrest. Jane would be snuggled against me for the whole movie. I now had a new favourite theatre, and a new favourite movie buddy. 

We took our seats, and were approached by a staff member, whose job description more closely resembled that of a waitress, rather than an usher. Pretty and blonde, she bent from the waist to talk to us, treating both of us to a lingering view of her considerable cleavage. Perhaps cocktail waitress would be more accurate. Drinks were ordered first, and Casey, as her name tag told us, left to let us peruse the menu. It was basic pub fare, nothing as elegant as last night's meal at La Roberge, but escargot doesn't really go well with popcorn anyway. 

We decided on a little of everything. Casey smiled when she returned with our drinks, and resumed her 'display of breasts' position while she jotted down our order. Another smile, and she was off again. 

"I think she's trying for a bigger tip," Jane giggled, once Casey was out of sight. 

"I believe you are correct," I replied, eyeing Jane from the chest up. "What are you fishing for?" Her nipples were threatening to break through the fabric of her shirt, excitement and air conditioning having conspired to make them as hard as little diamonds. I let my eyes flick down as I said it, and she giggled again, like a little girl caught being naughty. 

"Already caught it," she whispered leaning closer, and caressing my crotch softly. "It's a keeper!" Her mouth was on mine a second later, and we spent a few minutes sucking happily on each others tongues. A few more patrons began to filter in, but most just ignored us, and went to their seats to do the same, as the mood arose. 

We were snuggling quietly when Casey returned with our food. She brought help, since no one person could have carried our considerable order. Wings, fried mozzarella sticks, veggies with dip, chicken strips, sliders,... all manner of finger food, and popcorn, chocolate and sodas, of course. Our swing-out tray tables were full by the time their hands were empty, and I gave her the tip her tits deserved, making her even more attentive to our needs for the duration. 

The movie itself was good, but to be honest, I was more interested in Jane. We fed each other, snuggled, caressed, and stole kisses frequently. I especially loved the way she licked wing sauce off my fingers, as though she was practicing for licking another part of my body. Her hand spent a fair amount of time teasing my crotch, while mine seemed permanently joined to the soft side of her breast. It was fun, and I enjoyed the feeling of her soft curves pressed into my side. She was resting her head against my chest, which put her fragrant hair right under my nose. As cuddles go, it was heavenly. 

The movie finally ended, and we remained in our seats, watching the credits, even as the other patrons filed out. I normally do this anyway, but tonight, I had the additional motivation of Jane's beautiful body pressed against me, a feeling I was reluctant to relinquish, even temporarily. I also thought a few extra minutes to allow my erection to dwindle might be wise, as long as she would cooperate by ceasing her teasing caresses. She did, and we stood to leave. 

We exited the theatre, walking slowly, arm-in-arm though the lobby, and out into the warm night air. She was uncharacteristically quiet, holding my arm tight against the full globe of her right breast. We made it about halfway home, and were waiting for a break in traffic to cross the street, when I looked over at her. Her smile was interrupted as a raindrop splashed across her forehead. 

"Oh shit," she laughed, as the heavens opened up. Within seconds, we were caught in the downpour, without shelter. Jane made an initial attempt to protect herself with her hand, but it was like trying to block Niagara Falls with a paper drink umbrella, and she finally just shrugged, accepting her fate. At least the rain was warm, but it still had its inevitable effect on her clothing, plastering the thin cotton to her breasts nearly instantly. She started to laugh again, tilting her head back to face the sky and spinning with arms extended, like a giddy little girl. Okay...a not-so-little girl, who would win any wet t-shirt contest she ever entered. 

I stepped over and took her into my arms again. It was like something out of a movie, but it felt so good, as we embraced in the rain, kissing each other passionately, on the sidewalk within feet of the passing traffic. A few cars honked encouragement, and Jane waved in thanks, but never pulled away. We stood, locked in each other's arms, for the duration of the cloudburst. It may have only been a few minutes, but it seemed like a few minutes of heaven. The drops petered out almost as fast as they had begun. 

We were both soaked, of course, but Jane felt the chill before I did, for obvious reasons, and with equally obvious indicators. Yes, the high beams were on, and I wrapped an arm around her shoulders as we set out to cover the last two blocks back to her apartment. By the time we got there, she was shivering. 

The security guard nodded as we passed him in the lobby, but didn't say anything, merely smiling tightly. I'm sure he saw Jane's erect nipples, but we had other thoughts to deal with. I used my key card to get us as far as her front door, and she unlocked it, allowing us in. She was shivering even more now, her perfect teeth chattering. 

"We need to get you warm," I whispered. "Where's the shower?"

"Up... s s s stairs," she said, burrowing into my arms, searching for warmth. 

I guided her up the curved flight, and she led through the bedroom, into the bathroom, with its elegant marble and huge glass shower stall. I reached in and started the water, while she resumed her cuddle against my chest. 

Getting her out of her wet clothes would be a struggle, and take too much time, so I just walked us both in under the warm spray. We were both already drenched anyway, so we really couldn't get any wetter, but at least this water would alleviate the chill. Jane's shivers lessened, and she moaned softly, nuzzling her cheek against me, as the warm water cascaded down over us. She looked at me through water speckled glasses, and smiled. 
