 Dear readers, this is a story about my experiences with Nisha, my little one. 

My name is Saheb Sahebji. I am young, 6 feet tall, slim with a strong well-built physique. I am a commercial artist by profession. When my story 'Ramu and Cassie' appeared on the web I received several e-mails asking me to tell them the circumstances in which Nisha (Cassie's best friend) lost her cherry. 

'Aapke annurodh per main yeh katha sunata hoon (At your request I narrate this story)'. 

A few words about Nisha, yes Nisha, the little one. Nisha was very different from any girl I had met before or after her. She was.... She was... frankly words fail me. I do not know how to describe her to you. Best I can say is that she was a mixture of many qualities. Actually I would say that she was like fresh breeze or a cool refreshing cocktail. Yes definitely a heady cocktail. Believe me. The only draw back I saw in her was her insatiable curiosity. Nisha was curious as hell about everything and everyone under the sun. She was one of her kind.  She was unique. 

Why don't I tell you all that happened so that you can judge for yourself? As I had a long relationship with her (for over two years) it would be unfair to subject you to each and every experience. I will therefore, if you permit me, restrict myself to the highlights of our long relationship. Nothing was normal or predictable with her. This will be evident to you from the way I met her in the first place. 

One evening after work when I reached my flat I heard the phone ringing. I quickly opened the door and answered it. A young sweet voice said, 'At last! If you don't like answering the phone then why do you have one'. I explained to her that I had just returned home and have responded as quickly as I could. 

She dismissed my apology by saying, 'Whatever. Please may I speak to Ramu?'  'Ramu is not here' I told her. 'Oh' she said in a disappointed tone. Her question intrigued me. Ramu had left town several months ago. I quickly added, 'What if Ramu is not here can I be of any service'. 

'Service? Yes I'd like that. What kind of service can you render?' she said and laughed. Her laughter was like music to my ears. I liked her voice and her laughter. I decided to play along. 'I can do anything and everything Mere Aaka (My master)'. 'Mere Aaka? That is nice. Who am I speaking to?' she said laughing again. 'I am the Genie from Aladdin's magic lamp' I told her not wanting to disclose my identity as yet. 

'Tell me all you can do My Genie' she said imperiously. 'I can press your feet. I can polish your boots Mere Aaka' I said. 'Not interested. Continue' she commanded. 'I can wash your clothes. I can iron them for you Mere Aaka'. 'No I have a dhobi (washerman) who does that. 'Go on' she said. 'I can drive you round the city. I can give you a conducted tour of all the historical sites in town Mere Aaka' I continued. 'No thank you I get enough of history in college. What else?' she wanted know. 'I can cook for you Mere Aaka' I suggested. 'Interesting. What can you cook?' She asked. 'I can boil water for starters Mere Aaka' I said. She laughed and said, 'Boil water? Some cook. Hot water is good for bathing only. Not interested. Tell me more'. 

'I can escort you to plays and take you to the movies Mere Aaka' I told her. 'Stop. Movies, I love movies' she said. 'So do I Mere Aaka' I said. 'Okay My Genie can you also procure movie tickets?' she queried. I had to meet this delightful girl so I told her, 'Absolutely. Just name the movie but there is a small condition attached to it Mere Aaka'. 'Hey! Genies don't make conditions they only obey' she countered. I said, 'Mere Aaka in today's times of organised labour, we Genies also have an union and as per rule 33 part c sub section 2.4......'. She said, 'Okay, Okay don't get technical. What is the condition? 'I must accompany you to the movies. Agreed? I asked. 

'First tell me can you get tickets for any show, any day for any movie I nominate?' she said. 'Definitely. Just name the movie, date and show Mere Aaka' I boasted crossing my fingers. 'What if you fail? She asked. This girl was thorough. 

'Question of failure does not arise I am a genie but should the eventuality arise then you can have my head on a platter Mere Aaka' I told her. 'What will I do with the head of a Genie?' she wanted to know. 'You could play football with it Mere Aaka' I suggested boldly. 'Oh yes it would be fun to kick a Genie's big nose'. That hurt. 'I don't have a big nose' I protested. She decreed, 'Of course you have. All Genies have big noses. Don't you read any books? Okay I agree to your condition. Get two tickets for the matinee show on coming Saturday for Ma.......ke......aan...'. 

'As you desire Mere Aaka' I replied. 'MG I want to be fair with you. Tickets for this movie are not available for love or money for the next three weeks or even more' she said. 'MG?' I asked. 'MG. My Genie. Man! Are you dull!' she laughed. 

'Oh I see. We Genies don't pay for tickets we procure them with love' I told her. 'Best of luck to you MG. Remember to keep your knife sharpened. Byeee' she said and laughed. 

'Hey, hold on. Don't go away. How do I contact you when I have the tickets? Tell me your name and telephone number' I said. 'My name is Mere Aaka. You already know that. As for my phone number you know the well-known line 'Don't call us we will call you'. I will check with you at six on Friday evening. Not like today, be there MG. Byeeee' and signed off.

This girl sounded very interesting I had to meet her. The movie she had named had been released very recently. It was doing extraordinarily well at the box office. To get tickets for it at such short notice would be nigh impossible. My only bet was Mr. H, an industrialist for whom I had done some work recently. He also owned a cinema hall in town. With a prayer on my lips that this movie is showing in his hall I opened the newspaper. Well my luck was in. The movie was running in four halls and Mr. H owned one of them. 

It was not too late. I decided to call him at his office. His secretary connected me to him. He was very gracious. I introduced myself. 'Of course I remember you Sahebji. How are you? Even today people congratulate me on the excellent 'ad' campaign you had designed for me. Tell me what can I do for you?' he asked. I told him my problem. 'Don't worry it will be done but check with me tomorrow at the same time'. 

Next day I rang him up again. His secretary said, 'The boss is in a meeting but I have a message for you. You should contact the manager of the hall tomorrow. He will do the needful'. On Thursday I met the manager and he gave me two passes for the desired show. Happy at having got what she wanted I waited for her call on Friday evening. 

Promptly at six on Friday evening the phone rang. As soon as I answered it she said, 'MG have you got the tickets?' 'Of course Mere Aaka' I replied. 'Are you telling the truth?' she asked incredulously. I said,' Absolutely. You remember what I said about my head....' 

'Okay, okay don't get technical MG I believe you. My God my friends will die of envy when I tell them that I had seen this movie. MG I will meet you at 3 p. m. on Saturday in front of the box office. Okay'. 

'No, Not okay' I said. In a irritated voice she said, 'What is your problem now?' How will I recognize you? Tell me what will you be wearing Mere Aaka?' I asked. 'Clothes naturally. Did you think I would turn up in my birthday suit?' she said haughtily. 

'Of course not. Tell me what kind of clothes will you be wearing a sari, salwaar kammez etc.' I persisted. 'Oh I see. Why did you not say this in the first place? Let me see. Normally I require two hours to decide on what to wear but today just because you have got the tickets, I will try to do it in two minutes' she said giggling. For two minutes there was complete silence. 'Okay I will be wearing a dark green sari with matching blouse etcetera, etcetera, etcetera got it' she said. 

'Yes now please describe yourself to me' I requested. 'MG be patient. On Saturday you can see my beautiful self for yourself' she replied.' 'Do you want me to take the wrong girl to the movies?' I threatened. 'You dare not. I will personally strangle you. Okay listen do you know Marilyn Monroe?' she questioned. 

'I know of her but have never met her' I replied truthfully. 

'Silly how could you meet her. Poor MM is dead and gone many, many years ago. Now pay attention MM was blonde I am not, MM was tall I am not. MM had lots of oomph, I don't....' she said. 'Sorry to interrupt you Mere Aaka. What is oomph?' I asked pretending ignorance. She said, 'You don't know what oomph is? You call yourself a man. Ask someone. Lastly I am much prettier than MM. Got it?' 

'Yes just one more thing. It will be very crowded in front of the box office, I suggest that instead of meeting there, we meet on the opposite side of the street. It will be easier to locate each other'. 'Good suggestion. Why did I not think of it? MG you are really not so dumb as you sound. Right be there at 3 p.m. sharp. I am like time and tide and all that I don't wait for anyone. Byeee'.

On Saturday afternoon I reached the appointed place fifteen minutes early. 

Punctually at 3 p.m., I saw a girl in dark green sari coming towards me. I studied her. She was just as she had described herself. She had long thick black hair done up in a plait, she was short. 5' 1" max. Her tits were small but suited her petite body and she was very pretty. I also noticed that she was not wearing a bra. Actually she did not require to, as her tits were very firm.

She stopped a few paces away from me. I waited to see what she would do. Within the next five minutes she looked at her watch no less than twenty times and started to tap her foot impatiently. I walked up behind her and recited: 

~~~~~

Khwaab ho tum ya haqeekat, kaun ho tum batlao,

Der se door khardi ho tum, mere kareeb tau aajao.

~~~~~

(Literal translation of this couplet is 'Are you real or a dream, tell me who you are? Since long you are standing so far away, come near me').

She gave me a dirty glance and moved away. 

I moved near her and said, 'It seems your friend had ditched you. Why don't you let me take you to the movies?' she turned and with a menacing look said, 'If you don't go away from here then I will shout and all these good people will beat you to pulp' and opened her mouth to shout. 

'Are you going to have your poor MG beaten up Mere Aaka? I said softly. 'Oh MG it is you. Have you got the tickets? Show me' she demanded. 'Yes I have the tickets but first let us introduce ourselves. My name is Saheb Sahebji and you are?' I replied. 'I am Nisha. Show me the tickets please' she said. 'Come let us go otherwise we will be late' I told her. Reluctantly she let me conduct her across the street. 

At the gate I showed the passes to the ticket checker. He touched his cap and said, 'Welcome sir we were expecting you' and handed over the passes to another man in livery and instructed him to show us to our seats. 'Madam, sir, please follow me' he said. 

I glanced side ways at Nisha. She looked thoroughly impressed by this VIP reception. We were conducted to a box with two seats. The seats were plusher and more comfortable than in first class of an aircraft. 

As we settled down Nisha again asked for the tickets. I gave them to her. After studying them for a few minutes she exclaimed, 'These are free passes'. 'I told you we Genies don't pay for tickets' I replied smugly. 

Nisha looked at her surroundings and said, 'Sahebji don't tell me you own the damned cinema hall'. 'Of course not it is owned by an industrialist for whom I had done some work' I told her. 'Who is he?' she asked. I told her his name. 'How old is he?' 'About 45' I told her. 'Is he married? 'I think so' I replied. Her next questions were 'Is he very rich? How many halls does he own? He must be very rich? Luckily the lights were dimmed at this point. I told her let us watch the movie now and we can talk later.

When the feature film started Nisha's hand slowly crept into mine and she would occasionally squeeze it. I looked at her to see if this was some sort of a hint. She was completely oblivious of what she was doing. The film contained lot of violence and I realized that whenever some shooting or fighting took place on the screen she would squeeze my hand. 

At intermission time she quietly withdrew her hand. A waiter in spotless white uniform came and asked us if we wanted something to eat or drink. I asked Nisha. She said, 'A coke and lots and lots of popcorn please. What about you?' 'No I don't want anything' I said. 'Make it two cokes for me' she told the waiter. When the waiter had left I said, 'Nisha I really don't want anything'. 'I want two cokes for myself. Any objections?' was her curt reply.

 When the goodies came she gave me one bottle and placing the popcorn bag between us said, 'Eat and drink. No excuses please'. I resigned to my fate. 'Now that both my hands are going to be occupied whose hand will you squeeze when there is shooting? I asked her with a smile. 'Was I squeezing your hand? She murmured then with a grin she added, 'Don't worry I can now hold on to this bottle'. 

After the movie I invited her for a cup of coffee and snacks. We went to a small coffeehouse and chatted for an hour or so. We talked mostly about the movie. I asked her to tell me something about herself.  With tears in her eyes Nisha said, 'I lost my father some years back and I now live with my mother and my 12 year old younger brother. After my father's death my mother looks after the family business. We live in our own house. We are well off but not rich. Your turn now'. I told her that my parents were dead, I am a commercial artist I live alone and have a nine to five job. 

At about seven thirty she suddenly said that she had to get back home. She did not allow me to drive up to her house and asked me to stop at the corner saying that she would walk the rest of the way. 

Nisha said, 'Sahebji thank you very much for a wonderful afternoon. I enjoyed myself very much and had a great time. Byee' and shook my hand. 'A hand shake is all the reward I get for showing you a great time' I asked her. I felt her hand stiffen. She asked, 'What reward did you have in mind?' 

'First promise that you won't say no' I said. 'Nisha never grants blind wishes even to Genies. Ask and I shall consider' was her imperious reply. 

I said, 'Nisha I also had a great time. My wish is that you consent to go out with me again'. Her hand relaxed. 'Of course I will go out with you again. I am glad that you asked me now otherwise I would have had to ring you again to ask you out' she said and laughed. After fixing our next date we parted. 

On the way home I thought that I was lucky to meet such a beautiful and delightful girl. We dated for two months. During this time we went to movies, plays, coffeehouses, and for long walks among other things. 

During this period I did not even attempt to kiss her. Normally I am quite aggressive but for some unexplained reason, I was meek as a mouse in her company. I was quite happy with my lot. 

Nisha loved short forms and started calling me SS. I got in the habit of calling her 'the little one'. At first she objected, thinking I was making fun of her height but when she realized that it came from my heart she insisted that I call her only by that name. Whenever I called her Nisha she immediately thought that I was either angry or annoyed with her. 

She would telephone me at all odd hours and chat for hours. I did not mind it but sort of liked it. 

One evening, after movies we sat on a bench in a park talking. Suddenly Nisha said, 'SS I have been thinking and have come to the conclusion that you don't like me'. Surprised I said, 'Of course I like you very much. Who told you this rubbish?' She said, 'You my dear SS'. 'Me! I never said anything of that sort' I replied. 

She explained, 'Fine look at it this way. We are going out together now for over two months and you have not even tried to kiss me even once. What is a girl to think?' 'I did not want to offend you that is why' I clarified. 'This way you ended up offending me even more' she said. 

'Are you saying that you want me to kiss you?' 'My God this man is dumb. Of course stupid, do you want me to give it to you in black and white?' 

I bent over and tenderly kissed her on her beautiful red lips. 'Do you call this peck a kiss? She asked haughtily. 

She got up and walked up few steps and looked to her right and left. No one was in sight. She came back, seated herself on my lap and grabbed my head and gave me a long passionate kiss. When she had finished she said, 'Now this is what I call a kiss'. Panting I said, 'Wow! You are a great kisser. Who taught you to kiss like that?' 

She made a face and said, 'Who can teach Nisha anything, Nisha learnt it by reading books and watching movies. Seriously SS you are first person who has ever kissed me'. 'Here is another sample' she said and again started to kiss me. This time she stuck her tongue in my mouth. We french kissed for a long time.  

During the kiss my hand automatically went to her bosom and I slowly squeezed her small but pretty tits. She moaned loudly. After the kiss she complained, 'SS tumne meri chuchi kyon dabayi? (SS why did you squeeze my tits?)' 'Didn't you like it? I asked. 'Yes I liked it that is why I don't like it' she said in her unique logic. 'Theek hai aage se main teri chuchi nahin choounga (Okay, in future I will not touch your tits again)' I told her. 'Oh! You won't' she murmured softly in a disappointed tone. 

When we sat in the car saying good night we kissed again and again. She suddenly opened the door and said, 'I have an idea. Stay where you are'. 

She walked around to my side and after pushing her sari to one side stuck her tits inside the open window saying, 'Have fun guys'. I did not know whether she said this to her tits, me or both. In the light of the street lamp I could clearly see her erect nipples. I did not want to loose this opportunity I turned my head and at first tenderly kissed them and then taking her erect nipples in my mouth by turns slowly sucked on them through her thin blouse. During all this time Nisha moaned loudly and placing her hands behind my head pressed her tits against my face. Then I bit lightly on one of her nipples. 'Oh you bad man that hurt' she said and pulling her sari over the two wet spots on her blouse she ran towards her house-waving goodbye. 

On one Sunday afternoon I asked, 'What would you like to do today little one?' Instead of replying to my question she said, 'SS do you know that all the guys I went out before you....'. Just to tease her I interrupted, 'Oh you went out with other guys also'. 'Of course what do you think I am a freak or something. For your kind information you are the fifth' she replied haughtily. 

'Okay, okay what about the other guys?' I asked. 'What was I saying? Yes, all the guys I went out before you tried to kiss me on the very first date and you kissed me after two solid months and that too when I prompted you. On the second date they wanted to take me to their room to show me some stupid collection or the other' she continued. 

I interrupted again and said, 'And naturally you went'. 'Of course not. What do you think I am a whore' she said angrily. 'No of course not. I didn't say that' I said defensively. 'You did not say it but you jolly well implied it. Never mind as I was saying you have not even once mentioned your room' she said. 

'Flat' I corrected. She said, 'What? 'I don't live in a room but in a flat' I clarified. 'Whatever! it is the same thing isn't it? Yes now I know the reason your flat is not furnished' she said. 'My flat is beautifully and very comfortably furnished' I said proudly. 
