 She didn't even hear him enter the room. She was standing, half dressed, staring intently at the clothes hanging in the closet, wondering what to wear out that night. She smelled his cologne a scant second before his arms were around her, one at her waist, the other at her throat. She let out a gasp as he spun her around and pinned her against the wall. She started to cry out but was quickly silenced as his mouth fell hard onto hers. He applied pressure to her chin with his thumb, forcing her to open for him. His tongue swept through and he took complete possession. She was still too shocked to respond in any way, positively or negatively. But when the hand at her waist slid lower to her hips, and then moved toward the center of her body, it was as if a light switched on and she was instantly alert. She tried to move his hand away. He grabbed both her wrists and locked them above her head in one of his hands. He then went back to his original target. She squirmed beneath him as she tried to move away. He only became more determined. He laid the palm of his hand flat against her lower abdomen and lifted his mouth from hers. 

"Don't tell me you don't want this," he whispered gruffly.

"Why are you doing this?" she asked.

"You know why. Because I want you."

"You always want me," she replied coyly, raising her eyes to his.

"Then you shouldn't be surprised," he responded, just before lowering his lips to hers again.

He kept her arms trapped above her as he moved his hand lower, between the soft, thin cotton of her panties and the smooth warmth of her skin. His tongue entered her mouth as two of his fingers entered her hot, wet pussy. He began driving her wild with both. He tore his mouth from hers briefly.

"You're already wet for me. I knew you wanted it," he smirked.

"I never said I didn't," she said breathlessly as his fingers moved inside her.

His fingers became more forceful in their movements. Finding it hard to breathe because of the pleasure, she began gasping for air. She felt her knees give out. He felt her go weak and pressed his hard groin against her pelvis, trapping her entire body between himself and the wall. 

He dropped his head to her neck and began kissing and biting a path from there, down her chest, to her breasts. They were hidden beneath a sheer lace bra. He ripped it off her and, releasing her wrists, took the one on his right in his hand and began kneading it, the pad of his thumb rubbing against the nipple, pinching it, until it stood erect. Her arms remained above her head, she was so distracted by everything else he was doing she didn't notice he'd released them.

He removed his fingers from her and forced her underwear down as far as he could reach from that angle, to her knees. He then went back to toying with her clit. He kept one hand on her tit, playing with the hard nipple, which he licked as he shifted positions. He knelt down in front of her, pulling her underwear the rest of the way down her shapely legs, and, before she knew what was happening, he replaced his fingers with his tongue. If she hadn't been up against the wall, she would have fallen right then and there. But he kept her standing and began licking and sucking at her clit and lips. Her arms finally dropped down and onto his head which she held onto as she involuntarily pressed herself into his mouth. 

He could feel her legs getting weaker and heard her breath getting shorter, so he backed up slightly and let her slide down the wall. When she hit the floor, still dazed, he pulled her away and laid her down on her back. Before she could come out of her stupor his mouth returned to the wet folds waiting between her legs. He spread her lips apart and slid his tongue down and back up as he continued to play with her clit with his fingers. She was so wet now he felt himself getting harder with each lap of his tongue on her hot flesh. He took her clit inside his mouth and sucked, slipping two fingers deep inside her. He moved them in and out slowly, making it impossible for her to think about anything but what he was doing. She could feel every inch of those fingers rubbing the walls within her, the sensation of his hands and his mouth made her feel as if she'd explode soon. 

Suddenly he pulled his fingers from her and stopped sucking. He then began trailing his tongue, flat, around the hot, moist area, being careful not to hit any of her trigger spots, teasing her into anticipation. He then licked her clit once more...two times... He placed three fingers at the entrance of her tunnel, applied just enough pressure to make her gasp slightly, then stopped. He enjoyed this moment of sweet torment. 

He bent his head again and took her clit back into his mouth and started sucking as he drove all three fingers into her, deep and hard, making her cry out in pleasure and surprise. He put a small amount of pressure on that knot of nerves with his tongue and sucked in and out faster. He also increased his speed and force with his fingers, making her moan and buck her hips. She began crying out to him, shouting his name. He felt her body contracting around his fingers as she hit her orgasm. She became so wild in her hip movements that he had to raise his head to avoid being hit inadvertently. But he persisted with his hands, three fingers inside, and using his thumb on her G-spot. She hit her peak once, but he kept going; twice, but he knew she had more in her; three times, as the tears of ecstasy streamed down her cheeks, then he stopped. He removed his hands and slowly moved up her body, and, covering it with his own, nuzzled her neck as she regained her strength.

"I knew you'd enjoy it," he smirked.

"I always do," she replied. "But I don't think that was very fair."

"What do you mean it wasn't fair? What wasn't?" he questioned, very confused.

"Well," she said, pushing him off of her and onto his back, as she rolled over to lie on top of him, "let's just say it's my turn to return the favor." She smiled and leaned down to kiss him. 

It began softly. She lightly brushed her lips against his. When he tried to sit up to kiss her more fully she pulled back and shook her head slightly. He laid back down on the floor. When she lowered her lips to his the second time her hair fell over her shoulders and created a mock screen around the two of them. He reached up and ran his fingers through it, loving the silky smoothness. When her mouth touched his he placed his hand at the back of her neck and pulled her closer, kissing her more forcefully. She returned the action. She touched his lips with her tongue, a silent request which he fully understood. Opening his mouth, her tongue swept in and she became the aggressor, rubbing against his tongue and exploring him thoroughly. As she continued to distract him with her kisses, she stroked his chest and stomach through his shirt, working it out from the waistband of his jeans. She straddled him and sat up, bringing him with her. She pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it to the side. She readjusted her position, giving both of them a slight thrill. She pushed him half-way down, so he was propped up on his elbows. This gave her an ideal position to unbuckle his belt while still kissing him. 

As her fingers reached for his pants button, her lips moved to his ear. Kissing and sucking at the lobe just a little she was able to keep him completely distracted when she pulled the zipper down. She then moved to his throat, applying slight pressure, guiding him to lie back down. She moved down his throat to his chest, her tongue and lips tracing a slow path down to his stomach. As she had moved lower she had been pulling his pants and boxers down, he'd barely noticed. Her mouth had him hypnotized, and he knew she was far from finished. 

His breathing had become shallow and ragged. She kissed the spot directly under his belly button, then she trailed her tongue down, just a little and kissed the top of his pelvis. She felt him tense up in anticipation beneath her lips. When she got to her goal it was standing fully erect, waiting for her. She slowly ran her tongue the full length of his cock, bottom to top, smiling inwardly at the effect she was having on him. When she reached the tip, she flicked her tongue across the top and cupped his balls in her hand. She stroked and played with them while she teased the tip of his dick, licking up the precum. She then lowered her mouth and wrapped her lips around him. 

As she had been doing the whole time, she started slowly, exciting him further. His hand went into her hair, and, grabbing a fistful, he guided her up and down. He could barely breathe. She began sucking faster and with more pressure, squeezing his dick with her hand as she came up and sliding her hand to the base as she went down. She twirled her tongue around the tip, making his breath catch. He groaned in pleasure. She knew he was getting close. 

Suddenly, he pulled her up to him and kissed her hard. He rolled her back onto her back and parted her legs with his knee. As he positioned himself, his lips moved to her nipples. He took one in his mouth and began to suck. She moaned and arched up to him. He moved to the other nipple and did the same thing. When he removed his mouth they were deep red and hard. He continued up to her throat, biting and licking. He got to the spot on her neck he knew would drive her wild, where her neck and collarbone met, and he stroked it with his tongue. He then lowered his mouth and bit her and began sucking, while simultaneously grabbing a fistful of hair and pulling her head back. He thrust his cock into her deep, and hard. She screamed and arched her back, raising herself off the floor.

However, her control was not going to be taken from her without a fight. With him still fully embedded inside her, she wrapped her legs around him pulled him deeper and rolled over, placing her on top and in the power position. She leaned back slightly and began rotating her hips and pussy in small circles. He grabbed her hips and guided her movements so that she was rocking and sliding his dick around inside her. As she rocked back and forth, he reached forward and stroked her wet clit at the same time, making her moan and scream louder with each pass. By this time she was grasping his arms to keep from falling. The sensation of him buried deep inside her, caressing her walls with every movement; the way his hands and fingers felt as they touched and fondled every part of her; it was a sensory overload. Her breath became shorter, her vision blurred, every nerve and fiber felt as if it was on fire. She knew she would go over the edge soon, she hoped he was just as close. 

To him, this was the best part. As she rocked back and forth, taking him completely inside her, leaning over top of him, he could feel her arms and legs shaking. He could tell that he hit a good spot when her pussy began pulsating around his cock. It almost did him in right then.

He pulled her down onto his chest and began thrusting inside of her, fast and hard. She dug her nails into his shoulders. This was it. She screamed as she came, liquid pouring out around his dick like a popped water balloon. She shouted over and over not to stop, that it felt too good. He sped up and slammed into her again and again. He pulled down on her hips, pushing himself deeper than either thought possible. At that moment he hit his own peak. He shouted and came hard, shooting his load into her like fizz from a shaken soda bottle. He continued to move for a few more seconds, making sure that both were completely satisfied. She collapsed into his arms out of breath and shaking. 

They laid still for several minutes, neither able to move, or even consider moving. Both were trying to get their breathing under control. Her eyesight slowly began to refocus. She could feel him gently running his hand up and down her spine, caressing her. She propped herself up on one elbow next to him and looked at him for a moment.

"What's on your mind?" he asked.

"Just wondering," she responded before leaning forward and kissing him tenderly, but passionately. 

When she pulled back he asked, "Wondering about what?"

"Oh...how much time you need before we can go again," she stated with a wink and a grin.