 Going into the date I had no expectations. I had been on many "web" dates in the past so I knew enough not to hope for too much no matter what my date looked like in her profile pictures. I had met girls for whom the phrase "Average Build" might have been average in their circle of friends, but in my world they were grossly overweight, and I have met those for whom the term "Curvy" apparently made reference to the number of rolls between their ribcage and their waist. I even met one girl who might have been pretty but she was missing a front tooth, and another gal that had used someone else's picture entirely. The picture she posted looked like Jane Seymour but she looked more like Mamma Cass in real life. Don't get me wrong, I met more than a few nice girls along the way, but I had known enough disappointments to know that I should not to be too optimistic. 

For those of you who might be considering web dating avoid girls who post "glamour shots" at all cost. They will never look like that again, if they ever did! Still, web dating was fun, it got me out of the house, and I have made a few friends of the women I have met along the way. I just hadn't met "the one". So as I walked in the door of the restaurant I wasn't hoping for more than a couple of hours of pleasant conversation.

As usual, I arrived at the restaurant twenty minutes early to be sure I was there when my date arrived. I tipped the hostess and she assured me she would seat my date and I at a secluded table. The restaurant itself was perfect: quiet, dark, and it had a reputation for having wait staff who knew enough to be unobtrusive. 

I don't know about you, but I have just about had enough of perky waiters and waitresses who want to be your friend for the evening. To me the less involvement you have with them the better. Don't ask me if I need more water, just fill the glass. Don't interrupt me when I am talking to my companion. And, most of all, don't come by every five minutes to see if "everything is okay". It is! If it wasn't, Buffy, or Sparky, or whatever your name is, you would know already!

Rather than go to the table I always prefer to remain at the front door and wait for my date there. I didn't have to wait long before my phone buzzed on my hip with a new text message, "I'm here! Where are you?" I responded that I would meet her outside.

When Molly walked up I was pleasantly surprised. She looked pretty much the same as she did in the pictures she had posted in her online dating profile. She was blonde, slender (Yea!!), and dressed in a conservative yet flattering manner: black tailored pants, high heels, and a white silky blouse that plunged just enough to show a hint of cleavage. In spite of the fact I could instantly see that she wore little or no makeup I was immediately taken with her looks. She was one of those lucky few women who, at forty plus years of age, could look as good with, or without, makeup. There was not a line in her face, her complexion was flawless, and only when she smiled at me could I see any evidence of her age at all. We hugged briefly, exchanged pleasantries, and then we made our way into the restaurant. As I followed Molly inside I was able to check her out from behind and the view did not disappoint. While not a "bubble butt" her ass was one I immediately knew would look amazing if she were on all fours. But I digress...

Dinner was nice. The meal itself, if not outstanding, was memorable enough that I knew I would come back to this restaurant in the future if only for the atmosphere. But, I hardly noticed dinner. My attention was completely on Molly. From the moment we sat down we talked as comfortably as old friends. As we became more comfortable with each other she asked me some pretty tough questions about my past, my divorce, etc., but she did so in such a manner that I never felt like I was on the spot. It seemed as though the more I opened up to her the more I wanted to. I told her things I have never told anyone, let alone on a first date. To be honest I thought at one point I was completely blowing it and I clammed up for a while. I think Molly sensed that and she began to talk more about herself. Molly was just as forthcoming with me as I was with her, and by the time dessert was served it seemed I knew as much about her as I did my ex wife, and I had been married to her for years.

When dinner was over and we walked back outside I thought the date was over. To my surprise Molly suggested we get a drink at the wine bar a few doors up the street. My response was an immediate, "Absolutely!" and I took her hand for the very first time. She looked at me and smiled a coy smile I will never forget.

Sitting on a big leather sofa in a quiet corner of the wine bar the chemistry Molly and I had enjoyed over dinner continued to grow; only now there was an intimacy to it that was possible only because we were sitting so closely. Being only a few inches away from each other we were able to look more deeply into each other's eyes than before, and the incidental body contact between us served only as a catalyst for the feelings that were beginning to develop inside of me. Molly, I was happy to discover, was amazing. As the evening progressed I desperately wanted to kiss her. I could only hope she felt the same way.

Unlike many men my age there is still something of a little boy inside of me when it comes to girls, and it was no different with Molly. As we approached her car at the end of the evening the butterflies I felt in anticipation of what I hoped would be our first kiss were beating a staccato rhythm in my stomach. My heart was pounding slightly in my chest, and I felt more than a little short of breath. But there was no awkwardness to the moment at all, mostly due to Molly. As soon as she turned towards me after opening her car door she leaned in and gave me a light but meaningful kiss. That kiss quickly turned into second, deeper kiss, and in moments she melted into me as my arms pulled her close. The passion I felt welling up inside of me seemed to be echoed in Molly. I could feel her breathing become as labored as my own and she moaned into my mouth as I ardently pressed the kiss.

When we finally pulled back and broke the kiss, still somewhat out of breath Molly gasped, "We have to get out of here!"

"Where?" I asked.

"Follow me," she said with a wink and she jumped into her car.

I never let myself get too far behind Molly as we wound our way through the streets to our unknown destination, but as luck would have it I got cut off by a pickup truck that squeezed its way between us in spite of my best efforts not to let it do so. By the time the truck had turned off a few more blocks up the road Molly's car was nowhere to be seen. I wouldn't go so far as to say I was panicked, I did have her cell phone number after all, but I was anxious none-the-less. But, those fears were quickly relieved when I saw the tail lights of her coupe at the side of the road up ahead. I blinked my high beams at her a couple of times and she took the lead once again. Before long we were on a quiet residential street and Molly pulled into her drive way.

By the time I got myself parked and climbed out of my car Molly had already run into her house leaving the door open behind her. I followed her inside where it was still dark and before my eyes could even adjust to the light I was startled by the door slamming shut behind me. 

In an instant Molly was on me. She pushed her tongue deeply into my mouth and she crushed my lips with her own. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her close. She moaned into my mouth and I could feel her fingernails raking my back. I pushed her up against the wall and I began to assault her body with my hands and mouth. Molly closed her eyes and arched her neck as I kissed and bit my way up her neck towards her ear which I bit none too gently, but much to her delight. My hands found her breasts through her blouse and while not large they felt full and firm in my hands. I firmly squeezed them upwards and together which accentuated the cleavage I had seen earlier. 

The next few minutes were like a scene from a movie. Virtually never breaking the kiss, we anxiously stumbled and fumbled our way to the back of the house dropping clothes as we went. Naked we fell on onto the bed in each other's arms and in an instant I was inside her. We clutched at each other urgently and I immediately began to lose control. I thrust myself into her passionately only a few times and I was so aroused I could already feel myself swelling with the onset of my release. Molly must have felt it too, but before she could utter the words, "Not yet!" I was already spilling my seed deep inside of her uncontrollably, the spasms I felt seemingly going on forever. When it was over I collapsed into Molly's arms and struggled momentarily to regain my breath. "That was incredible!" I whispered.

"Well, it might have been..." replied Molly with a hint of sarcasm.

I propped myself up on my elbow and looked down at her. "I'm sorry!" I said as I stroked her blonde hair away from her face.

"Don't be!" Molly said with a smile. "It is flattering that you were so excited. I was just so close," she said with a sigh emphasizing the word 'so' by dragging it out for a couple of seconds. "It has been a long time since I have been with a man."

"Who says it is over?" I asked with a sly smile as I pulled this beautiful woman close to me and kissed her softly. 

I propped myself back up on one elbow and looked down at this amazing woman I had know only a few hours. I pushed her hair back behind her ear then traced the line of her jaw with my fingers. I turned my hand over and let the back of my fingers caress Molly's cheek. She flushed at my touch. I leaned over and kissed her lightly on the forehead, the bridge of her nose, and then lightly on the lips while my fingers danced lightly over her shoulders and down her arm. I could feel the hair on her arm stand up in the excitement. I circled my fingers around her hip bone a time or two then I drug my nails lightly upward along her side. Molly shuddered in pleasure. 

I continued to kiss Molly occasionally as my hands explored her upper body carefully avoiding her breasts. My touch glided lightly over her soft round shoulders, in my opinion one of the sexiest parts of a woman. I caressed the curve of her all but flat belly. At times my hand would grasp her side with more force. I touched here. I scratched lightly there. But always I avoided her breasts in spite of how much I wanted to touch them, and more so, how much the movements of Molly's body urged me to do so whenever my hand went near them. 

All the while my eyes soaked up the beauty that was laid out before me. In the moonlight that filtered through her window Molly's body was an intricate landscape of light and shadow, all in shades of grey. I could see every tiny hair on her torso and the delicate curve of her breasts. It was as though she was a living, breathing, photographic composition, and I wished I had my camera even though I knew those images would be imprinted on my mind for a very long time. 

In time my hands began to roam southward to caress her thighs which parted slightly to give me better access to her more sensitive regions. My fingers found the hollow at the back of her knee, to Molly's apparent delight, and I tickled her there sensuously. As before, I touched her everywhere except where she most wanted to be touched. That she wanted it was evidenced by the slight arching of her back every time my hand found its way close to her mound. 

And then slowly it began...

For the first time since I had begun to touch Molly I let her know that the touches she craved so much were imminent. The focus of my touch crept closer and closer to her breasts. My arm, not my hand would brush ever so slightly against their swell. Then, my hands themselves began to follow the lower curve of her breast now avoiding only her nipples which were hardened in anticipation. Finally, almost as though by accident, I allowed the palm of my hand to delicately graze Molly's nipple. She gasped, then held her breath waiting for me to do it again. I did. With circular motions the palm of my hand deftly teased first one nipple, then the other, and as sensitive as they were Molly could not help but respond even more than she had before. 

My touch had been light at first, but now I began to be forceful and sure. I squeezed Molly's breasts firmly, twisting her nipples between my thumb and forefinger tightly yet without trying to hurt her. As I did this I leaned over and kissed Molly more vigorously as well, pushing my tongue into her mouth. Molly responded by rolling towards me and we found ourselves in a passionate embrace once again. I had every intention of teasing Molly's pussy just as I had done to her breasts but instead, in the heat of the moment, I found myself sliding my hand firmly down over her belly and my fingers plowed into the folds between her legs with little or no regard for tenderness. I buried my middle finger deep inside of her probing for her G-spot while the heel of my hand crushed Molly's clit into her pubic bone. Molly responded by rocking her pelvis back and forth into my hand, groaning as she did so. 

We broke our kiss and looking me square in the eye Molly uttered two words, "Eat me!"

Who was I to argue?

Molly rolled onto her back while I made my way to the foot of the bed. I got down on my knees on the floor and pulled Molly towards me until her hips were in line with the end of the mattress. I pushed Molly's knees apart and she reacted by pulling her knees all the way back until her legs were flat on the bed on either side of her leaving me unfettered access to her pussy. I took a moment to gaze at the glory that was exposed before me and even in the moonlight I could see Molly had a beautiful pussy. It was trimmed, but unshaven, and the thin wisps of blonde hair that remained did nothing to hide the moist folds within. Her pussy was as delicate as an orchid and I longed to taste it.

I have never been interested in eating a cream pie, but I didn't hesitate for a second before my tongue was exploring Molly's clit. I used my thumbs to spread her outer lips and pull the hood off of her "little man". With a quick flicking motion of my tongue I teased her mercilessly. Molly's head thrashed side to side as I did this and I could feel her pulling away at times from me so intense was the feeling I was creating. I had teased her in emails that I would have her climbing the walls one day, and now, having pushed Molly into a hyper-sensitive state, I was proving it.

I knew I could bring Molly off in moments. Her clit was engorged and her breathing was ragged. But rather than rush her to orgasm I went back into a more patient mode once again because I wanted this to last. I love eating pussy and I knew that once Molly had reached her own orgasm that I would want to make love to her again and I wasn't ready to do that just yet. So, for the next ten or fifteen minutes I would take Molly to the brink of orgasm and then back off. I did this three or four times before Molly took matters in hand and grabbed me by the hair and pulled my face into her crotch. Taking the hint she had enough teasing I increased the pressure of my tongue on her clit and when I knew she was close once again I slipped a finger inside her and began to stroke her G-spot which I had found earlier. In seconds I could feel Molly's pussy clamp down around my finger and she arched her back once again while grinding her pussy against my mouth as hard as she could. Between her gasps she loudly groaned, "Oh my God! Oh my God!" as she came.

Before Molly could even come down from her high I moved up her body and pushed myself back inside of her again. It took Molly a few seconds to even realize I was making love to her once more, but when she did she smiled up at me and said, "Thank you! That was incredible!"

"You are welcome!" I replied. "I told you I would have you climbing the walls!" I said with a smile.

"That you did," replied Molly. "But, you didn't say anything about the ceiling."

"I'm sorry."

"You had better be!" she said with a grin. "Now make love to me! Please!"

And I did! Hard, fast, slow, and deeply. We couldn't seem to stop kissing. We thrashed around on the bed, but we never really changed positions. Finally, after two or three of Molly's orgasms, I came again. Unlike before this wasn't an uncontrolled explosion, but a simple release of both my seed and emotion. Somewhere in the course of the night I had fallen in love with Molly.

Afterwards, as we laid there together in each other's arms, I knew that my life had changed. What had started as yet another date in a long string of web dates it had somehow transformed itself into a life altering experience. Now, three years later Molly and I are still together and I have never been more in love. We have enjoyed each other immensely, shared more than a few sexual adventures, but no matter how exciting those experiences were my thoughts often return to that very first night Molly and I spent together. It is not every day that you fall in love with a remarkable woman. I have truly been blessed.