 I'm terribly sorry to have made you wait for so long for more of this story. I try to respond when people send me feedback asking about stories, but can't really do so when the feedback comes under the Anonymous moniker. 

Anyway, the luscious Jane and her boyfriend Gary, have come back for more, along with Helen, so read and enjoy. 

Thanks. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Helen and Jane stood quietly at the foot of the stairs, looking at me with mischievous grins on their faces. 

"So, you promise you're not seeing another man, huh?" I asked, reiterating Jane's comment when she sent me away earlier. 

Jane just smiled, hugging Helen from behind. Her hands came up under Helen's breasts. The robe fell open, letting me take in Helen's body, and Jane held the fabric aside. 

Jane had done what accountants do; she found the loophole. If I was to be her man... and it appeared that I had been chosen... then Helen would be a playmate, on occasion. After all, I'm the one that gave Helen such a glowing review. 

Besides, I had to admit... Helen was certainly not a man. Despite the similarities in our sexual tastes... specifically women, and all their accoutrements... I recognized a female when I saw one. While not nearly as well-endowed as Jane, she still sported a pair of nice, firm tits, that I would estimate were C-cups. Down below, past her flat belly, was a bare pussy that invited further inspection. 

"So now you're a lesbian?" I laughed, looking into Jane's eyes. Helen dropped her robe completely, and paraded around au natural. Jane shook her head. 

"Not a chance. I love cock too much," she smiled. "One in particular," she continued, dropping her eyes lower. "Just call me curious." She wasn't cheating on me, just expanding her horizons. 

"She did pretty well, for a rookie," Helen giggled, having circled around behind Jane. She returned the favour, opening Jane's robe. "Don't you just love those tits?" 

Tell me about it, I thought. Both naked now, they stopped at the bottom of the stairs, and glanced back at me. 

"Coming?" they sang in near unison. I watched those two truly magnificent behinds wiggle sensuously as they climbed. Frozen in place, with my mouth hanging open, I stood there while they disappeared into the bedroom. 

Fuck me! I thought. Well, I hope so, anyway. Both of them. I admit, the thought of sampling Helen's charms was appealing. I had been quite disappointed when she turned down my advances, citing her lesbian leanings. She had been a good friend ever since, but I still wondered 'what if' every time I gazed at her body. That body was naked, and in bed with my Jane, right now. 

Shit! I'm missing it! 

I raced up the stairs, stumbling awkwardly, as my feet couldn't move as fast as my imagination did. I made it without injury, stopping in the doorway. What I saw gave me a spontaneous erection. Nearly a spontaneous orgasm. 

Helen had Jane on her back, in the middle of the large bed. She was kissing my brunette goddess, and fondling her breasts with one hand. The other was between Jane's widespread legs, teasing her pussy. 

I assumed I was allowed to get naked. After all, they had invited me, so I quickly shed my clothes, and crawled onto the bed beside Helen. I figured I could always learn to do better at pleasing a woman, this one in particular, and Helen had invited me to watch her once before. 

"Going to take notes?" she laughed, as she settled between Jane's thighs. I noticed that her eyes spent a few seconds taking in my erection, and a small smile crossed her face. I, in turn ogled her firm ass, and smiled back. I'm sure she knew I wanted to do more than take notes, with both of them. 

"I do recall someone, who looked a lot like you, once saying I was welcome to watch her lick a pussy," I smiled. "Of course, she wasn't naked at the time she said it. I assume it's still valid?" I caressed her ass with one hand, softly. 

"Oh yes," she breathed, her eyes fluttering at my touch. "It's still valid, and yes, you're welcome to touch me, but not at work, agreed?"

"Same deal I have with Jane," I nodded. 

"Speaking of Jane," Jane laughed, "I'm waiting for you two to stop talking, and start licking my pussy! Stop wagging those tongues, and start using them!" 

"Maybe you'd better start," I laughed, "before she explodes. I'll just watch and learn from the master." While I was talking, my hand had wandered up her back, and back down to her sexy butt. Now I had two fingers resting on the curve that led between her legs. She grinned, and pointed her tongue. 

"Oh god, yes!" Jane hissed, as Helen's moist tongue found the mark. 

While I watched my professor perform her tutorial, my mind suddenly realized how lucky I had become. If I could take Jane at her word, it appeared we had a future together. She said she wanted to continue, and I had no reason to take a contrary position. She was, after all, pretty much what I would come up with if I was permitted to design the perfect woman. And even though we were very early in our relationship, she had already gifted me with two fantasies that men often need to wait years for, and beg for... those being her ass, and a threesome with a second woman. Not only a second woman, but a woman I would have eagerly accepted in my bed, had Jane not already taken that place. 

All in all, it was a pretty good start. 

My musings complete, I focused my attention again on Helen's technique. Jane was moaning constantly, and had one hand on Helen's head, so that technique was apparently getting her approval. 

Helen was swirling her tongue around Jane's clit, switching directions repeatedly. Then she started to concentrate on worming the tip of her tongue into the hood over Jane's pleasure pearl. Jane squealed louder, and began to squirm on the bed. 

"No fair," I whispered in her ear. "You have a pointy, petite lady-tongue. You can get in there. I've got a big, fat man-tongue."

She answered by putting her thumb just above Jane's clit, and pulling up, exposing more of the little button. She ran her tongue over the sensitive nub again, and Jane screeched, her pitch escalating quickly. She made room for me, and let me lick Jane's delicious pussy for a few seconds. 

"That's pretty good. Jane, do you agree?" Helen asked. 

Jane's response was a shriek of bliss, and several grunts of affirmation. I kept going, demonstrating my own style of muffin munching, and giving her the big, long licks that I knew she loved. Her hips started to do their dance, undulating in anticipation of my next move. 

I felt Helen's hand on my ass, and glanced at her with a smile. She nodded back. 

"Make her cum, stud," she said softly. "What's your big finish?" 

I grinned, and went back to work, dipping lower to tease her back door. I wanted to be sure it was wet enough, but needn't have worried. She was soaking wet, and oozing delectable juices that had dripped down to coat her puckered asshole. I dipped my finger into her honeypot for a few dual purpose strokes, then went back to sucking her clit while my wet finger began to insinuate itself into her butt. 

"Oh shit, YES!" Jane hissed, pushing her ass back against my fingertip. Her sphincter popped open, and swallowed the probing digit to the second knuckle. "Yes! Finger my ass! Suck my clit! Make me cum, lover! Make me cum!" 

I jammed my finger the rest of the way in, and pistoned it in and out, while fluttering my tongue across her clit. Jane's groan started in her toes, vibrating up her legs and through her body on its way out her mouth. Her whole body quaked, and she screamed as her ass grasped my finger tighter and her pussy drooled juices that both Helen and I tried desperately not to waste. 

Jane's form finally wilted, exhausted by her orgasm. I extracted my finger, and rolled on my side, facing my teacher. 

"Nicely done," Helen giggled, moving closer. She leaned in, and kissed my cheek, moaning softly. "You taste good." 

I wasn't expecting what happened next, although I wasn't going to complain about it, either. 

Helen's cleanup kisses moved closer to my lips, until they made contact. She paused for a second, as though making a decision, then pressed her lips to mine. Another slight pause between kisses was followed by her tongue introducing itself to mine, and the kiss quickly escalated into something far more interesting than a platonic peck. There was passion in there. Her hands roamed my shoulders, and after a moment of indecision, mine wandered her body as well, starting with her ass, as I pulled her over on top of me. 

My cock was very hard, and standing up between her legs. I could feel the heat of her pussy against the shaft. She pulled back and sat up, straddling my stomach with her tits in my face. 

"Suck my nipples please?" she asked softly. The nipples in question were standing up like little gumdrops, and I eagerly complied. 

Jane began to stir, and turned to look at Helen and I. She smiled, and crawled over to join us. She kissed Helen, while I continued to gnaw on Helen's nipples. Since Helen wasn't making use of my hard cock, Jane decided to do so, and quickly impaled herself, settling behind Helen and wrapping her in her arms. 

This must be what heaven is like, I thought. Having your girlfriend ride your cock, and hold your other friend's tits out for you to suckle. 

We remained in this position for a few minutes, with Jane gently rising and falling on my shaft while she fondled Helen's breasts and offered them for me to service. Helen pulled away, leaning back against Jane's cushioning chest, and looking down at me. I glanced at her pussy, so close but still out of reach, and she smiled, lifting her leg. She spun on one knee, and faced Jane, straddling my head this time. 

I looked up at her pretty pussy, now mere inches away. Her clit was quite prominent, peeking out of the top of her tight, bare slit. Her inner labia were just visible, a brighter pink than the outer pair, and glistening with dew. Before my view was compromised by Helen's succulent vagina closing in, I saw her bend her head and latch onto one of Jane's thick nipples. Jane responded with a moan, and increased her pace of strokes on my cock. 

"Mmmmm yes, you bad girl," Jane sighed. "Suck my tits while I fuck my boyfriend's big cock."

Helen carefully brought her hips down, easing her smooth pussy to within reach. I extended my tongue, and tasted her for the first time. 

"Mmmmm," she moaned, enjoying the contact. 

"Mmmmm," I replied, enjoying the taste of her juices. In much the same way as chocolate covered peanuts combine salty and sweet, Helen's pussy did too, adding a musky tinge that was slightly different than Jane's. I burrowed my tongue deeper into her moist folds, coaxing more of the tasty fluids out for my consumption. 

This is one of those times when having extra eyes might be handy. I really wanted to see what was going on above me, between Jane and Helen. Two women kissing and touching each other was high on my fantasy list. Doing it naked ranked even higher, and I was missing it, because I couldn't see past Helen's butt. 

I know, I know... I should be happy with my current situation. My perfect woman was riding my dick, using her perfect pussy to drive me wild, while an equally beautiful woman sat on my face. A pretty good afternoon, by anyone's standards, but I still wanted to see them. 

I tried to remember Helen's little tongue trick, but in this position, it was a difficult reach. I knew that she was comparing me to all the women that had feasted on her juicy cunt in the past. All the women. All of them. Including my Jane. 

That thought only wound me up even more. 

I redoubled my efforts, licking Helen from stem to stern, top to bottom, inside and out. She grew wetter, and more vocal, moaning louder while undulating her hips happily. 

Jane's motions increased in fervour. I could hear her grunts of joy, and knew she was getting close again. A final flurry of strokes put her over the top, with a howl of delight, and a surge of moisture from her that soaked my balls. 

Jane lifted herself off my cock, and moved aside, while Helen did the same. 

"That was fun," Jane giggled, catching her breath. "My first three-way." 

"Mine too," I smiled. "I would have liked to have seen it, though."

"Really?" Helen laughed. "I've had several threesomes, although they were all female. You're the first man I've been in bed with in years, Gary."

Jane grinned at me, and pushed Helen over onto her back beside me. She then spun around and moved into the sixty-nine position, dipping her head between Helen's thighs and putting her butt high in the air.

"How about this?" she purred. 

I got the message, loud and clear. It only took me a few seconds to put myself behind her on my knees, and Helen made it easy on me by grabbing my frothy shaft and guiding it into Jane's juicy cunt. 

"Oh, yeah, that's it, honey," Jane growled, lifting her head momentarily. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard, and deep, while I lick this pussy!" 

I was about to do so, when I felt Helen's tongue on my balls. I pulled back a few inches, and looked down between my body and Jane's rump. Helen's blue eyes peered back up at me, and she smiled. 

"Hi up there!" she giggled, then gasped as Jane's tongue did it's best to please her. She lifted her head, and stretched her tongue out as far as possible, licking around Jane's wide stretched vaginal lips. She worked on Jane's clit, and the junction between us where my cock split her cunt open. It was a new feeling for me, and a very nice one. 

I pressed deep inside Jane again, eliciting another moan of approval. She wanted it hard and deep, and I'm certain it would come to that soon enough, but for now I would substitute 'smooth' in place of 'hard'. Helen's tongue was dancing wildly across the underside of my cock as it moved in and out of Jane's pussy, and I was enjoying the sensation. I knew that if I really went at it hard, Helen would need to pull back to keep from getting hurt, and the situation was just too good to mess with. So I kept my pace even, and under control, letting Helen have her space to continue, and still reaming Jane's cunt effectively. In lieu of thrashing her, I made sure each stroke into Jane's sodden depths ended with a grind against her, pushing it as deep as possible. 

While I watched, Helen's hand came up from below Jane's body, reaching around her hip. Her fingertips sought out some excess lubrication, finding plenty of frothy juices available, and putting them to use. She lubed her fingers, and Jane's ass. I knew what was coming next. 

With feminine care and gentleness, Helen slowly worked her index finger into Jane's tight little starfish. Between my cock slowly probing her deepest, wettest crevice, Helen's tongue diddling her clit, and fingers hooked in her asshole, we had Jane squealing and squirming within seconds. We made a good team. 

I always tried to put my partner's pleasure first. In this case, doing so was a purely selfish act. This double-team act was putting Jane over the moon, and I was happy to prolong her pleasure for as long as possible, because I was already in heaven. Every nerve ending in my penis was at full attention, surrounded by the exquisite embrace of Jane's welcoming vagina. She was so warm, so snug, and so wet, I never wanted to leave. Helen had added to my delicious predicament with her own attention, doing things with her tongue that could only be done this way. She was licking me from my ass to whatever portion of my dick was available at the time. 

Jane's moans began to morph into screams, and her head lifted from between Helen's legs. Her long, luxurious brunette mane was flung in an arc, landing on her back within reach. I instinctively grabbed a handful of it with my right hand, pulling gently at first, then harder. Jane screeched louder, ramming her ass back against my thrusts. It seems that she was going to supply the 'hard', even if I wasn't, so I relented, and picked up my pace. 

"Fuck! Yes, baby! Yes! YESSSS! YESSSS! YESSSS!" Jane shrieked. "FUCK ME! MAKE ME CUM, HONEY!" 

This would not be a good time for Jane's parents to pop in unannounced, I thought. It wouldn't take a genius to figure out what was going on in the master bedroom, as I'm quite certain the screams, moans, and sharp report of slapping flesh, all carried beyond the room. There was some serious fucking going on here. 

Jane shuddered. Her body was wracked by spasms of joy, while I drilled her hard, and Helen manipulated her asshole. 

"Mmmnnahhhn! Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck! Cummmmmmming!" Jane grunted, stating the obvious. I kept going, slamming into her harder still, making her sumptuous ass shake and quiver with the impact. She screamed, again and again, as she came over and over. Her pussy dripped honey into Helen's hungry mouth. 

The whole scenario finally caught up with me. This morning, I was in Jane's bed, eating english muffins and jam from her nipples. Then she surprised me by bringing Helen into the fun. Now I was pounding Jane furiously from behind, while she screamed and tried to lick Helen's pussy, and Helen licked my dangling balls from below. It was all I could take. I slammed into Jane's cunt once more, and pulled her hips tight against me as I exploded deep inside. 

"Oh my god!" I grunted. 

"Fuck yes! Cum in me, baby!" Jane screamed. 

"Holy shit!" Helen moaned. "You should see it from here! Your cock really swells as you cum!" 

I'll take your word for it, I thought, patting Jane on the ass and withdrawing. My cock dripped a few drops of semen onto Helen's face as I looked down at her, and she licked the head as it hung over her. More cum oozed out of Jane's pussy, splashing down on my lesbian friend's cheek. Helen lifted her head, and licked at Jane's clit, covered with my cum, just as Jane squeezed her inner walls, expelling my load in a long, gooey blob that covered Helen's face. She sputtered through the slimy coating.  

Jane quickly turned around, and laid atop Helen, squashing their breasts together. She then kissed Helen deeply, smearing my cum across both their faces, and I sat back to watch them continue to make out and lick each other clean of my spunk. It was a very exciting show, and would be indelibly etched into my memory. 

It took several minutes before the ladies were satisfied with their work. Jane leaned over, and sucked my exhausted dick clean, and offered it to Helen as well. She declined. 

Oh well. I'm sure I'd get many more chances to reconvert the lovely lesbian to heterosexuality, or at least bisexuality. Now that Jane had opened the door. Helen was sure to be back. 

***

I woke up alone in the huge bed. When I fell asleep, I had been the meat in a beautiful woman sandwich, but now I was just the meat. My vision was a little fuzzy, but I could just make out the light filtering in through the doorway. 

There, I saw two silhouettes. They embraced, holding each other tight for a few seconds, before separating, and blending into the darkness again. The bed shook slightly, and someone... Ah, it's Jane; I'd know those breasts anywhere... climbed in to snuggle beside me. I moaned, and wrapped her in my arms, spooning behind her. 

"Sorry, honey," she whispered. "I didn't mean to wake you." 

"Mmmmm. S'okay. Helen going home?" I mumbled. 

"Yes. She said to tell you she'll see you tomorrow. Lunch is on her," Jane said softly. "She also said you're pretty good, for a guy. I think she's being too hard on you. You're far better than that."

"Mmmmm. Thank you," I smiled, pulling her tighter. 

"Goodnight, sweetie," she said. 

"G'night." 

***

Shit. It's Monday. 

I was awake, but it was very early, and Jane was still asleep in my arms. She had turned, and now her shallow, even breathing was tickling my chest. I stroked her hair, enjoying the feel of her softness against me. 
