 It's late in the day. The office is quiet. Everyone seems to be gone. I walk down the silent halls, the dark steps, to the floor where you work. I don't know whether you'll still be there. I can only hope that you are and that we'll be alone. I don't hear any voices as I walk towards your office. I don't pass anyone in the hall. I come around the corner, closer to where you might be, and see that all the offices in your area are dark and empty.

Then there is a sound, the soft tapping of fingers on a keyboard. I move down the hall, holding my breath. I see that your door is open, a low light. I stop, not quite believing that you might still be there, that we could finally be alone. My heart beating wildly, I'm suddenly afraid of what I know I'm about to do. Although we have known each other for awhile and you have said certain things to me, there is something else. Part of me wants to turn back and away from you; but another part, stronger, needs to see and touch you. I have to show you how I feel about you. 

Slowly, I step into the doorway of your office. You are sitting at your desk, your face serious in the glow of the computer screen. You look up and I know that you're surprised to see me. You don't say anything. You don't smile. I notice that you quickly glance at the framed photograph on your desk. 

Without a word, I walk into the room. I close the door behind me and lock it. The room is even darker now, but in the soft light of the computer, I can see your face. I move towards you, around your desk until I'm standing in front of you. It's exciting for me just to be near you. You look up at me as if you're not sure of me or yourself. You move, in your chair, pushing yourself away from the desk. I can feel your thoughts, your doubt. I step closer and as a way of showing my feelings for you, lower myself to my knees.

I slowly unbutton my blouse and let it fall open. I want you to see my breasts, partially covered by my black lace bra. You look at me, hard, knowing what this means. I can see the conflict on your face. And then you lower your dark eyes from my face to my breasts. Slowly reaching out, you take them in your hands, your thumbs over my nipples, squeezing gently. You run your hands over them. I watch your face as you lower your lips to my breasts. I feel your mouth then, hot and wet against my skin. I cry out at the touch, something I have thought of, wanted for so long. Moaning, I raise myself towards you, pull your head closer. Pushing my bra up and away, you bury your face in my breasts. You suck them into your mouth in greedy half-bites, all teeth and lips and tongue.

Moving your hand over my stomach, between my legs, you press hard into me. I push back; wanting you to feel how much I want you, how wet I am for you. I want to pull your body against me, on top of me. I need to feel you inside of me. But I push you away, back against the chair. I run my hands up your thighs, your sides, your shoulders, down over your chest. You feel so strong beneath my hands. I unbutton your shirt slowly, my hands shaking. You watch my face, not sure what I'm going to do. As I undo the last button, I lean up and forward. I press my mouth against your chest, your neck, breathing into you, of you. 

You hold my head, pressing it against you and rub your face into my hair. Moving against you, with you, I kiss and lick my way slowly over your chest. I can feel your cock hardening against my breasts and stomach as I lean into you. I run my tongue over your throat, downward, moving my mouth over your body. 

I slip my tongue over your hard nipples in slow circles and take them between my teeth. I hear you catch your breath and then again, as I slide my mouth lower, over your stomach. When I reach the material of your pants, I am almost panting, my hot breath against your flesh, needing the feel of your cock between my lips.

Raising my mouth from your skin, I look up at your face. "Take it out for me," I tell you. You look into my eyes for what seems a long time. Without taking my eyes from your face, I am aware that you are unbuttoning your pants, lowering the zipper. You move slightly. I look down and there you are before me, my waiting mouth. You are thick and hard and beautiful. A drop of pre-cum is glistening from the tip. I want to taste it and all of you, but instead I torture both of us.

Moving your pants aside, I lower my mouth to the soft skin of the crease of your thighs, running my tongue lower. Then lower, down into the crease between your balls. I lick between your balls, running my tongue down between them. I hold them then in my hand, feeling their weight. Lifting them gently toward me, I lower my head and suck one of your balls into my mouth, and then the other, going between them. I feel greedy and wish I could fill my mouth with both of them at the same time. Thinking of the hot cum inside them, waiting to shoot into my mouth and throat, only excites me more.

As if you can read my mind, I hear you give a soft moan. Licking, I raise my mouth to suck at the base of you. I move my mouth then in soft little bites, nibbling at the root of your cock. I can feel you getting even harder against my lips. Your skin is so hot. You bury your hands into my hair and pull my mouth tighter against you. I know I can't torture either of us any longer.

Taking you in my hand, I lower my mouth to the head of your cock, letting you feel my hot breath on the head before taking it into my mouth. You are dripping now with pre-cum. It wets my mouth as I slide my lips over the head. I moan and run my tongue around the head, into the tip. I want to suck more juices out of you. You taste so good, salt and cream against my tongue. I am so excited to finally have you inside of me. I have to touch my pussy, rubbing it hard through my clothes, torturing my clit. I wish it were your touch.

I lower my mouth over your cock and then lower. I want to take all of you in. I need you to fill my mouth until I can't breathe, until there's nothing but you. I pull my mouth back up, running my tongue along the shaft. Holding the head in my mouth, I then drop my face until my mouth is filled with your cock again. I do this over and over, sucking you into me. You're cock is so deep, fucking my mouth and throat. 

From someplace far away I hear you moan. I ache to taste your cum and then you give it to me. You fill my mouth with it. I can't swallow fast enough, feeling it run over my lips and face, dripping. I try to breathe through my excitement and the thick hot cum spurting and spilling into me. With uncontrollable thrusts that fuck your cock deeper into my mouth, you empty your balls down my throat. Still holding you in my mouth, breathing hard around your draining cock, I take your cum from my face and rub it into my breasts, between them, until my skin is penetrated with you. 

We are both shaking as I raise my mouth slightly from your cock. I lick and suck it clean, still wanting the taste of you. Breathing heavily, you lean over my body. I can feel my breasts pressed hard into your thighs. You slide your hands over my back and stomach. And then I feel your left hand, hard and strong, under my clothes, between my legs. I can feel my wetness sliding over your hand, dripping from your wrist. You touch and rub my pussy gently, teasing my clit and then suddenly, force your fingers, deep and hard, into me. It takes my breath away. 

Over and over you push your hand into me, going deeper. I can feel the muscles in your arms pull back as your hand fucks into me. Your fingers slide over my clit as you pull your hand out for each thrust. Kneeling, my face pressed into your damp stomach, I cum, as the hard metal of your wedding ring bites into my clit. Impaled on your hand, the ring buried deep inside me, I hear myself cry out your name. 

My orgasm seems to go on forever, in waves. I clutch at your hand with my pussy, trying to hold on to you, the feeling of you. Gripping and then letting go as if something in me has been released by finally having you inside me.

You continue to rub and touch me, softer now. The ring gently slides over me, no longer painful. I can feel your head pressed against mine, your arms still around me. After a long while, we move away from one another. Then we look at each other and smile. We adjust ourselves and our clothes. I get up from my knees and move towards the door and unlock it. 

Without looking back, I leave the room and then the building. Walking out into the cool dark evening, I smile to myself, knowing that I have your cum inside me.