 For The Baron,

You could have been anyone… I am glad it was you! 

Sao xxx

Isobel was so excited driving out to meet him for lunch. It was a beautiful spring day with the sun sparkling on the sea and she sang along to the radio as she drove along the coast road. It had been almost two weeks since she had seen Peter and to her it seemed like forever. They spoke most days on the phone and emailed each other but they both looked forward to the days when they could have lunch and sit and chat and laugh with each other. 

As she pulled up outside the restaurant she saw his car pulling in just ahead of her. A quick check in the vanity mirror that her hair was OK and another quick application of lipstick, she stepped out of the car and started to walk towards his car with a wide smile on her face. He was getting out of his car as she reached him and his face lit up when he saw her.

“Darling” he said as he swept her into his arms, “you look amazing, God I missed seeing you”. They kissed softly both delighted to be with each other again. Taking her by the hand Peter suggested a short stroll before lunch and she happily agreed. They strolled along the promenade hand in hand, she chattering away making him smile as he listened to how happy she was. He admired her as they walked, the way her hips swayed seductively, her dark wavy hair blowing in the breeze, and thought how sexy she looked. She was wearing a knee length black soft flowing skirt, a black and white sleeveless top under which he was sure she was not wearing a bra and black high heeled strappy sandals. As they doubled back to the restaurant he could feel that same old feeling coming over him that always did when she was by his side, a hunger that only she could fill, a need and desire for her that he was never able to control and that she never wanted him to.

The restaurant he had chosen was one they had met in before, and they both liked it for its intimate yet relaxed air. They were shown to a window table over looking the sea, with easy chairs and a large soft sofa with cushions. They both sat on the sofa, as ever needing to be in close contact with each other. Peter ordered a bottle of white wine which they sipped as they perused the menu. Giggling Isobel whispered to him that they only thing she fancied eating was him and she ran her hand along his thigh as if to leave him in no doubt exactly what she meant! Peter grasped her by the wrist and taking her hand up to his mouth to kiss it he whispered that if she wasn’t careful he would have to make her follow through there and then! “Promises, promises” Isobel teased, as the waiter approached them to take their order.

All the way through lunch, Isobel teased and toyed with Peter. On one of their previous lunches he had dared her to take her thong off and give it to him. She had taken him up on the dare and she had been turned on so much by the look of desire in his eyes as she came back from the restroom and pressed it into his hand, damp and smelling of a mixture of her own scent and the Romance perfume he had given her. As coffee was being served she asked him would he like her to re-live the dare for a second time. He grinned at her, expecting her to leave the table and come back as she had done before. 

Isobel however had other ideas as she slowly and deliberately reached under her skirt and began taking the thong off at the table, revealing first one slim, shapely stockinged leg, then the other. Reaching under the table she smiled at her lover, brought the thong up to her lips to kiss it, and then handed it to him. “Oh Isobel” he groaned as he brought the thong up to his face to inhale her musk. He could feel his cock reacting and he knew that his own boxers were already damp with precum. “Woman, what are you doing to me?” he growled huskily as she smiled at him and leaned over to kiss him. “Now it’s your turn my Love, I want your boxers and you have to take them off for me!” Blushing, but rising to the challenge he stood up from the table and left the room. He returned a few minutes later and handed her his pale blue silk boxers with a look of pure lust written all over his face. “Mmmmmm” she murmured as she in turn brought them up to her face to inhale his scent. She could see from his face and from the telling bulge in his pants how turned on he was.

By now the restaurant was almost empty and the wine and chemistry between them had made any inhibitions disappear. He softly caressed her face with his hand as he kissed her passionately, feeling her hand on his thigh again making its way slowly to the bulge in his trousers. “Mmmmm Peter” she murmured in his ear as she rubbed her hand across his crotch and slowly unzipped his pants, “you are so hard and I did tell you earlier that I wanted to eat you!” Reaching across him Isobel strategically placed a cushion across his lap so she could take his cock in her hand without anyone seeing. As her hand stroked him he moaned softly and his eyes narrowed with desire as he watched her face, as she gently and lovingly caressed his throbbing erection. Her hand was instantly covered in his streaming pre-cum which she then ran all over his shaft. 

Every so often a waiter or fellow diner would pass close to their table, at which point they would both pull straight faces and sit demurely until she could resume pleasuring him. Her hand felt so warm and soft on his aching cock, he felt like he could stay that way forever. Her touch was light as she didn’t want him to cum yet, but firm enough that he felt like every nerve ending in his penis was on fire. All the time she was touching him she was kissing him softly on the face and on his lips and murmuring in his ear. 

Smiling at him as she eventually withdrew her hand, she brought it up to her mouth and licked her fingers clean, savouring every taste of him. “Let’s get out of here Sweetheart” he whispered huskily to her as he somehow managed to get his cock back into his pants and stand up. Grabbing her by the hand they practically ran down the stairs, he turned to her when they reached the bottom, pressed her up against a wall, and taking her face in his hands kissed her passionately, their tongues clashing, exploring, probing. Breathless they pulled away from each other, their need for each other so urgent, so overpowering they knew they couldn’t wait any longer. Isobel’s eye caught sight of a door down the hallway and winking at him she pushed it open. It was a restroom for the disabled, it was big, it was clean, it was luxurious but best of all it was empty and had a lock on the door!  

Once safely behind a locked door, Peter could no longer contain himself as he took her in his arms and pulled her top up. Gasping as he saw her firm yet soft breasts again he smiled to himself as he realised he had been right all along about her not wearing a bra. He knew now she was naked underneath her clothes and he wanted her so badly. Their hands were pulling at each others clothes, desperate for each others bodies. Once she managed to get his pants undone she dropped to her knees in front of him. She noticed with delight that he had freshly shaven his balls and around his cock for her. Their eyes locked passionately as she slowly ran her tongue around his slit. “Oh God” he groaned as her tongue probed and teased at the tip of his penis, lapping at the juices that were by now streaming out of him. Slowly she ran her tongue along his shaft and back up again, stopping at the tip to lick his juices as they flowed. His slit was wide open and she loved licking each drop of pre-cum as it oozed from it. Running her tongue back down the shaft of his penis she gently took each of his balls into her mouth and sucked on each one. His balls were so tight and heavy, aching for release. Pulling away from him for a second she smiled up at him and slowly slid the length of his cock into her mouth. 

“Isobel” he moaned, “Oh God Isobel, Baby”. His moans only served to turn Isobel on even more and she sucked and licked hungrily at his throbbing cock. All the time she had one hand caressing his balls and the other was squeezing his ass bringing him further and deeper into her mouth. 

Peter’s hands were on her head, holding her, caressing her, needing to touch her yet not wanting her to stop giving him such exquisite pleasure. All he could do was moan and softly call out to her as his hips began to pump his cock further into her mouth. He watched as her mouth and lips wrapped around his cock, watching it disappear into her mouth. 

“Oh fuck Isobel,” he gasped as he felt her finger begin to probe at his tight asshole, pushing through the tight ring and gently pushing up into him, “Fuck yessssss, oh God Baby, don’t stop, please don’t stop”. 

He could feel his cock sliding even deeper into her mouth and down the back of her throat, her tongue working on his shaft and her lips pushing against his foreskin pushing it up and down. Her mouth felt so wet and hot as she worked on his cock, his balls being squeezed and drawn down and her finger tight in his ass. Isobel felt his rhythm picking up and she increased her own pace to match his, knowing that he was very close to cumming. 

Almost lost in his own world he started pumping his hips faster, harder, pushing his raging cock into her mouth further and deeper, his hands on her head entwined in her hair pushing deeper into her eager mouth. “Oh God” he panted, “I am so close, fuck yes, oh fuck Isobel” as the first blast of cum exploded from him into her mouth, hitting her on the back of her throat as she sucked and worked on his cock even more hungrily. “Isobelllllllllllllllllll, I love youuuuuuuuuuuuuu” he screamed as his whole body bucked and thrashed as his orgasm took over and his cock exploded and blasted streams of his hot, creamy cum into her willing mouth. Isobel kept sucking and licking at him, swallowing his seed as he pumped it into her, being driven wild by the sound and taste and feel of him cumming in her mouth. Finally his thrusting eased and he released her head from his hands, his heart feeling like it was going to race out of his body with the force of his orgasm. She softly ran her tongue and hands around his balls and his cock, slowly letting him catch his breath and ease back down.

Reaching down for her he gently pulled her to her feet and held her in his arms, kissing her and holding her tight against him. Both of their faces were flushed as they kissed and tried to get their breath back, neither of them wanting to break away from the others arms. “Oh God Baby, you are amazing, sooo fucking hot” he murmured into her mouth as he kissed her, tasting himself from her mouth. “I love you Peter” she whispered softly, as he held her, and then with a mischievous grin on her face “I told you I wanted to eat you”!!! 

“Well it’s my turn now” Peter growled as in one swift movement he lifted her onto the vanity unit and kissed her with renewed passion. He caressed her along her bare arms, along her throat and cupped her face in his hands as he kissed her mouth. Then leaving her mouth he began to kiss her where he had caressed her, down her throat, slowly kissing and nibbling her soft skin, her moans soft in his ears. He finally reached her breasts and he ran his tongue along each side of her breasts, the left one first them the right one, before starting to lick and kiss each breast, making his way slowly until his tongue was almost at her nipples. Smiling up at Isobel’s flushed face he teased her for a few moments, licking at each nipple then releasing it and licking at the other, flicking each nip with his fingers. Her nipples were pink and were by now standing out firmly, hard and eager, betraying how aroused she was. Finally he took each nipple into his mouth and sucked on them, rolling his tongue around each one, enjoying how her body pressed further into him as she was filled with growing passion.

Almost reluctantly leaving her breasts he began to kiss down along her stomach gently toying with her belly button ring as he kissed her. Once his tongue met the waistband of her skirt he pulled away momentarily and pulled her skirt up over her hips to reveal her stocking clad legs and her naked pussy. Gently he pushed her legs up onto the vanity unit so her pussy was wide open and her knees were almost under her chin. Peter dropped to his knees between her legs and began kissing up along her thigh, his tongue softly grazing her mound and down the inside of her other thigh, feeling her body opening to him. Gently he ran his tongue along her smooth glistening slit as she gasped and grabbed his hair with her hands, “Oh yes Peter, oh God yes, mmmmmm, shit yesssss”. 

He increased the pressure of his tongue on her slit, licking at her, tasting her pussy juices which he could never get enough of. He loved how she tasted, how creamy her juices were, how they clung to his mouth and tasted like nectar. His fingers spread her labia lips so he could tongue her clit with ease. As he touched her clit for the first time she arched her back and began to grind her hips onto his face, moans of ecstasy escaping from her lips as she was lost in the world that for now belonged only to them.

Peter sucked on her swollen clit, teasing it with his tongue, rolling it from side to side and then softly nibbling it with his teeth. All the time Isobel, perched on the vanity unit, her legs wide open to him, her head thrown back and her eyes closed, softly moaning. Peter pressed first one finger, then two into her aching pussy, loving how wet she felt, how her cunt muscles clamped down on his fingers, squeezing them tight. Her pussy was soft, warm and tight and as he finger fucked her he remembered how it felt when his cock was inside her, the thought alone making his cock throb. He licked and sucked at her clit and slid his fingers in and out of her aching pussy, her juices streaming and mingling with his own saliva. 

Isobel was grinding her pussy into his face, her crimson lips shaven bare, the most erotic sensations centred on her clit but spreading all over her body. Low guttural moans were coming from her throat as she gave herself up completely to him and to the pleasure he was giving her. With his free hand he scooped some of her pussy juices and ran his fingers along her slit to her tight rosebud. Imitating what she had done for him earlier he slowly slid one finger into her ass, using her own juices as lube. Isobel bucked against him, clamping her knees around his head, holding him tightly against her. “Oh fuck Peter” she groaned, “I want you inside me. Fuck me with your cock please…. Ride me, fuck me, oh Baby please. I need you.” 

Needing no second invitation Peter stood up and taking his cock in his hands slid it into her pussy in one fluid movement. They both gasped and froze for a second as the sensations flooded through them, then Peter began to grind into her. “Fuck Isobel, you are sooooo tight Baby” he groaned as her tight, wet, hot pussy surrounded his cock, his balls slapping at her ass, pushing so far into her that his balls were almost inside her too. Isobel wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him further, deeper inside her as he bent to kiss her. In unison they breathed into each others’ mouths as their bodies became one completely. She could feel his hard cock pounding into her as he put his hands either side of her head to brace himself against the mirror behind. “Oh God Honey” she groaned, “Fuck, I can’t hold on much longer, I’m gonna cum soon”. In answer he increased the pace and started pumping harder and faster into her hot cunt, kissing her mouth and fucking her with almost wild abandonment.

Their breathing was ragged at this stage as Peter thrust into Isobel with powerful strokes. They both knew they were gone past that point of no return as the pressure built for both of them. Clinging to Peter as he drove into her Isobel felt her orgasm crash over her, wave after wave of exquisite pleasure as her muscles grasped Peter even harder and milked his cock. “Peterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr” she screamed “Oh Godddddddddd yessssssssssssss”. As her body shuddered and trembled with the force of her climax Peter felt his own orgasm building and unable to hold on any longer he felt his seed shoot deep into her. His semen shot into her cunt, coating her walls with his seed, spurting and pulsating and quivering as her pussy muscles drained every drop of cum from him. Clinging to each other, they panted and trembled as they both tried to compose themselves and catch their breath. They stayed like that for what seemed like an eternity, holding each other, kissing each other, his semi hard cock still inside her, her legs still wrapped around him holding him inside. 

Eventually they broke their embrace and he gently lifted her down from the unit she was at this stage rather precariously perched on. Grinning at him she reached into her handbag and took out his boxers that he had given her earlier, and with a smile she stepped into them, pulling them up over her naked dripping pussy, whispering to him that “this way I can keep you close!” He took her in his arms once again as they were both ready to leave the restaurant and kissed her with a tender passion, “You are amazing Isobel” he smiled “and I love you more than words can say”. 

Putting his arm around her, they walked back out to their cars, happy, satisfied and already planning and looking forward to their next dangerous liaison.