 We're lying in bed one morning. You're stroking my arm as I lay curled up beside you with my head on your chest, trailing my fingers over your stomach. 

"What do you say we pack a lunch and head out on the boat today?" I ask as my hand disappears beneath the sheets.

"That sounds -" You stop in mid-sentence as you feel my hand close around your hard shaft. I stroke you a couple of times.

"That sounds what?" I ask as I kick the sheets off and straddle you. I begin to rub my wet slit against your hard cock. Your hands move to my hips as you try to lower me onto you. 

"Good," you reply as I finally take you fully into my body and begin to ride you. You pull my head down for a hard kiss. "You're so bad," you chuckle against my lips. Placing my hands on your chest, I can feel your heart pounding beneath my palm as our movements become faster. 

"I learned from the best," I answer just before I cum hard. You thrust one more time, burying yourself deep inside me as my body's contractions milk every last drop from you. I collapse on top of you and we doze off. I wake first and being careful not to disturb you, head into the shower. After my shower I get dressed and am packing our lunch when you appear. You grab the cooler off the counter and we head to the car. We board the boat and head out into the middle of the lake. We turn the motor off and drop anchor. I take off my t-shirt and shorts, revealing a skimpy midnight blue bikini. You've stripped down to just your shorts. I start unpacking the food as you approach. You whistle appreciatively when you see my new swimsuit. We sit down and begin to eat our lunch, which consists of cheese and strawberries and grapes. I've also included a bottle of sparkling grape juice. You open the grape juice and pour us some. 

We take turns feeding each other, occasionally nipping or sucking on fingers. After we eat, we lay on the deck holding each other, stroking each other. We doze as the sun warms us. A little while later, I slip from your embrace and go to stand against the railing. I stare out at the other boaters on the water and then look over at your sleeping form. I smile as my heart swells with emotion and I feel like the luckiest woman alive. I look back at the water, watching the gentle waves as the wind picks up and am lost in thought when I feel your arms snake around my waist. You nibble my ear and run your tongue over that sensitive spot behind my ear that you know gets me going. 

"You are the sexiest woman around," you say as you start to nibble the other ear. "How'd I get so lucky?"

I wiggle my ass against your hard cock. "Play your cards right, handsome, and you'll definitely get lucky," I say tipping my head back as you start to kiss my neck. 

"Spread your legs," you whisper in my ear. I do as you say, my heart skipping a beat as I feel you pulling my bikini panties down. 

"What are you doing?" I ask. "Someone's going to see us!" You free your cock from your shorts and bend me forward ever so slightly. The side of the boat hides our lower bodies. 

"Trust me, sweetheart," you tell me as you slide your rock hard cock inside my wet hot pussy. You thrust gently inside me, letting the rocking of the boat set your pace. To people who might pass by we just look like two lovers watching the waves. You take my hand and guide it to my pussy, where together we stroke my swollen clit. I begin to move against you as the pressure builds. "That's it, baby," you say as thrust a little harder. "Cum for me, babe." I bite back a scream as my release washes over me. Your release follows. We stand together with your arms around my waist as we calm down and you slowly slide from my depths. You adjust your shorts then bend down to pull my panties back up, kissing your way up my legs and over my ass you stand. I turn around and kiss you, sliding my tongue into your mouth. You wrap your arms around me and pull me close. You tangle your hands in my hair as you deepen the kiss. 

"Shall we head home?" you ask breathlessly. I nod. You raise the anchor and I begin to pack up the remnants of our lunch. We begin to head for home. 

A little ways into our return home, I kneel down in front of you. "What are you doing?" you ask.

"Trust me, sweetheart," I say smiling, as I free your semi-hard cock from your shorts. I kiss your balls before running my tongue over the length of your shaft. You moan as I take you in my mouth and begin to suck you, feeling you growing hard in my mouth. I alternate between using my mouth and my hand, drawing out the pleasure. You tighten your grip on the wheel as I continue to suck and lick you, squeezing your balls until I finally coax your hot sticky fluid from you. You cum hard, my name escaping your lips in almost a grumble as you shoot your cum down my throat. I suck you dry and hold you in my mouth until you soften. Releasing you, I readjust your shorts, kissing your cock through your shorts before standing. I kiss you deeply, knowing you can taste yourself on my lips.

"Hey, babe?" you call as I put my shorts and t-shirt back on.

"Yes?" I answer, smiling innocently.

"Two words for you," you say, smiling devilishly.

"Yeah? What are they?" I say.

"No mercy," is your answer as we dock and disembark from the boat. We head to the car. 

When we get home, we race into the house like little kids. Dropping the cooler in the front hall, you grab me and gently throw me against the front door. Your lips come down hard on my mouth, spearing your tongue inside. You quickly rid me of my shirt and shorts as I strip your shorts off you. My bikini is also removed and as you plunder my mouth with your tongue, you thrust your fingers into my dripping pussy. You finger me vigorously as you swirl your tongue over first one hard nipple then the other. You can tell when I'm close to cumming because you slow down, denying me that pleasure. You don't let me calm down too much and then you start all over again. I beg you to push me over the edge.

"No mercy, babe," you say just before tonguing my slit. You remove your fingers from me only to slide your tongue inside. I scream as the pressure builds again. You continue to torture me, bringing me closer to the edge each time only to drag me away again. My head falls back against the door and my eyes close. All I am aware of is your mouth and fingers on my pussy. My hands tangle in your hair. Just when I think I can't take it anymore, you draw my clit into your mouth and bite down gently. I explode in the wildest orgasm I've ever had. I scream your name as you continue to suck my clit and I'm rocked by aftershocks. You stand and sweep me into your arms as my legs refuse to hold me. 

"You bastard," I say lovingly as I slap you on the shoulder weakly. You chuckle as you carry me to the bedroom, placing me on the bed. You turn down the covers and I scoot under them. You climb into bed beside me and wrap your arms around me.

"Admit it, you loved every second of it," you say, kissing my forehead.

"Mmmm," I say, snuggling against you. "Yep." I drift off, feeling sated and loved.