 As I wake slowly from my dream I become aware of the touch upon my person. Light fingers trace circles around my breasts, caressing those most tender areas not often touched. Rather than open my eyes I let a small breath escape my lips in an almost silent moan. The pressure of the fingers increases only slightly, although now I am aware of my tightened nipples and how sensuous they feel. 

Though the fingers continue their trace my mind flies ahead to where this may lead. Already my loins are beginning their awakening, heating and beginning their gentle pulse, the wetness starting its slow creep. My breath may be becoming more rapid as I feel the fingers cross my nipples; the shivers are not something I can suppress in response. The heat of my lover's breath as he moves closer to my breasts is a sensation I savour and rejoice in. Before I can take my next breath his tongue darts out to circle the hardness of that which he holds in his fingertips, my shaking seems to encourage him to take the tip into his mouth; gently sucking and arousing more audible moans to escape from me. Although my body is bare it seems encased in iron to compare with this the smallest of sensations. Slowly his tongue encircles my nipple before leaving its wetness exposed to the cold air, before exacerbating it by blowing across it; my back lifts from its supine position in its response. 

My eyes flicker open to see an expression of delight on my partners face, at this his expression turns unreadable and with gentle hands he encloses my eyes within silk. Almost at once my senses are heightened, his breathing sounding loud and excited in my ears and my own not far behind. Every hair on my body seems to stand to attention alerting me to the slightest change in the air. Quivering I try to remain still, waiting to feel what will come next. 

His breath on my neck is almost enough to send my body into convulsions, as it is his lips pressing onto my skin are enough to reduce me to submission. How to explain this most tender yet aggressive attention to my body, the pleasure is indescribable as his lips and tongue make their heated way down towards my throat as his hands lift my arms above my head. As his lips come to rest in the hollow of my throat then across to where my life pumps through my veins, my most vulnerable of areas; I can feel my pulse increase in response. But quickly it seems he moves on, down almost under my arm to the side of my breast; who knew that area had so much feeling! My moans now I'm sure give no pretence of sleep and my lifting hips surely attuned him to my inner feelings. 

How delicious and arousing, never have I felt so in tune with my own body, as though I could feel every last inch of it; awakening to his touch, his gentle caress. Though my body screamed for more, I was trying my best not to show it. Why I don't know other than I wanted his touch to never end whilst at the same wanting so much more. I wanted him to engulf me, to possess me, to be inside and all around me, for that moment he was my universe. Still it continued, as his mouth once more took my nipple to lick and gently suck his hand went to the other to caress and tease. Torn between the gentle wetness of his mouth and the stronger kneading of my other breast I would not have been able to tell which was more pleasant or if they did not both compliment each other. As I was trying to resolve this within myself he confused me once more by nipping gently with his teeth while gently cupping with his hand. At this point my nether regions blazed back to life, no longer pulsing but seeming to pound with the need for him whilst the wetness had long since over taken creeping and my own scent reached my nostrils with its intensity. 

'Please, please' I had no idea for what I was begging yet I wanted more. His lips pressed to mine, gently at first then with more intensity before his probing tongue parted them and explored my mouth, this was my answer; I would get what I was given. And grateful I was to have it, his tongue alone was enough to set a fire in my pussy, yet still I desired more. I tried to move my body to encounter his, but he moved away from me; quickly I learned who the master of this little scene was. Quietly I lay back and concentrated on his lips moving against mine, sucking gently on my lips before releasing them, such sweet pleasure in such a simple act... 

My hands moved to cup his face, to feel the strong line of his jaw move against mine, but he quickly moved to move them back and restrain them with the same silk that kept my eyes closed. Totally within his power I waited for the next pleasure to be inflicted on me; I wasn't disappointed. Moving his hands to my breasts I felt his weight straddle my waist, and then cold fluid dribble across my chest, his hands quickly moved to rub and massage making the oil warm and my breasts oily. The scent that assailed me was of coconuts and only added to my arousal with his hands moving so strongly yet so easily around my breasts. Though my nipples were still hard his fingers couldn't gain a grip on them, though his attempts still brought me closer to bucking. 

Moving towards my sides he rubbed the oil into my skin as his hands pressed downwards, rather than arousing any ticklish feelings he only served to enthral me deeper. Not sure how much longer I could stand this pleasurable torture I felt free to moan and writhe beneath him. Again his lips pressed to mine, with more strength this time, almost as though he was restraining himself also; yet his efforts silenced my protests. 

His masculine presence left me and I thought I would cry out with the separation before his strong hands once more gripped me. This time reaching beneath me, gripping my cheeks as he lifted me and encouraged my legs to part, bringing his oily hands around and between my legs and along my thighs further parting them. Gladly I let them fall open to allow him access to my most private self, not disappointing he ran his slippy fingers along the outside of my lips; then released me. His fingers gently rubbed the oil into my pubic mound before moving down to caress my pussy lips, the oil mixing with my own juices which were flowing freely now. His touch was too gentle and only served to heighten my delicious agony. 

So slowly his fingers slipped within the folds of my pussy, whether by design or the action of the oil, it sent a jolt through me and awakened the intense desire to have him inside me. 'Please, more. I need more.' As sweet as this gentle probing was my whole body was on fire with the need to feel him inside me. His hands went to my thighs and pressed them further apart as his tongue firmly probed and parted my lips, coming to rest and circle on the little nub that no longer lay so hidden. This sudden change in feeling and pressure left me gasping, and then panting as he continued his attentions. 

Just as I felt myself swelling with the need for release he moved; my moans turned pitiful and my hips tried to rise only to encounter the resistance his hands forced upon me. As I was pushed back to the bed his hands slid once more to my opening, his strong fingers rubbing and kneading along my lips before parting them. The cooler air hitting the internal fire of my passion almost took my breath away, but his mouth pressed against me and his tongue forcing its way into me defiantly did. My head was spinning, the heat of his mouth and my own were creating a furnace of desire and I was about ready to scream with the need to have him fill me. With one last deep probe of his tongue he left me. 

I was obviously still reeling as I barely had time to register the gentle pressure of his cock against my slit, he pulled the silk from my eyes which flew open as he thrust the whole of himself deep within me. Unable to take a breath for a moment I could only gaze up at his smiling face as he held himself inside me, his weight kept me pinned to the bed as I tried to wriggle beneath him. Kissing me gently he asked what I wanted. 

'Oh god please, please fuck me.' Was about the most coherent thing I could come out with, thankfully he took me at my word and no sooner had he pulled out of me than he was sinking himself deep inside me again. The heat from my pussy spread up through my body as his thrusting became stronger and faster, finally given my freedom I rose up to meet each stroke. My legs parting to let him in deeper, this moment; this was the height of ecstasy, the sweet parting and the joyous reunion of our bodies. Seemingly fitting together as one, all sense of time and space gone as I was enthralled by this little universe. As I felt my orgasm building and my muscles tightening I felt him tense inside me and my own pleasure mixed with his pulsing deep within me. As his weight fell upon me, I opened my eyes and nuzzling into his neck, breathed deep of our scents 

'Morning, love'