 I may not have snow anymore but I have the most wonderful angel, not made in the snow, not sitting on the tree but filling my soul and heart, for you my angel : )

*

One advantage to living 'down under' is, as you found out as you watched me pick out a dress, is that the Christmas party dresses can be almost none excitant, strewn around the room were dresses made from every fabric but not one was heavy or warm. It must have seemed so bizarre to you, the decorations, the tree and yet the sun blazing away.

We chatted as I moved around, picking up shoes, holding them to match against an outfit but always I drifted back to the black, that oh so classy black that made every woman feel sexy, dropping some shoes I wandered off into the bathroom. I could hear you moving around, our voices lifted just to be heard through the closed door.

When I returned I stopped in my tracks, my words trailing off mid sentence as I looked round to see just one dress hanging from the door frame and underwear laid out neatly on the bed

"I wondered how long it would take you," I said, the smile almost making my face hurt as I bit my bottom lip and my head dropped in that coy way it always did.

"Come here," you said as you sat on the edge of the bed and held out a hand.

I padded slowly towards you, the soft carpet under my feet, my hair still damp against my back, the few dry wisps wafting in the cool breeze from the air con blowing over my naked body. I reached out and took your hand as I stood feet touching yours, looking down, your face filled with the warmest smile to match mine, then you leaned towards me, your lips just kissing above my tummy button, just one slow, soft kiss before you stood, held my face then whispered, "get dressed beautiful." Then you stepped away and walked out of the room.

I stood for a moment in shock, you always dressed me! Each night we had gone out, you had sat on the bed and lifted each of my legs in turn, slide the stockings slowly up my legs, fingers stopping to smooth over the lace tops, maybe a kiss trailing over my nylon clad legs before slipping my panties over my feet then up and over my thighs, then feet held and slipped into each shoe like Cinderella, hands always so soft, never wavering, then the bra, cupped around me and fastened, followed by the skirt or blouse, maybe a dress, covering me, always lifting my hair and holding it until it could fall softly over the completed look, but tonight you left the room.

My mind raced, this was not going to be the normal night, somehow I just knew, and as I dressed, much faster, not as careful as you would have dressed me, stockings, sheer black panties, no bra, black halter neck, backless dress, 3 inch black heels. Panties? I had questions in my mind, party full of people and I was not to tease them? The little game you loved me to play? I was not about to ask, I knew better.

We left the house, no trek all snuggled and wrapped up warm, through inches, maybe feet of soft, white, wet snow, this year you would walk in the warm night air, leave the hard solid concrete pavement and onto the soft, almost icing sugar like sand. The romantic, moonlight casting its glow over the soft waves as they lapped until the short walk lead us to the pathway of the house.

The Christmas wreath hung around the brass knocker, the fairly lights flickered and the sound of chatter, laughter and music welcomed us as we walked in. An open house party, the invite coming from the couple we had met a few nights before in the local bar, friendly people, opening their home to the spirit of the time of year. She smiled, came over, kissed the French way, a peck on each cheek then thrust a glass filled with wine into our hands.

We mingled, we chatted, the wine flowed, the barbeque in true Australian style, provided great food, the people friendly, a mixture of late 20's and into early 50's, professionals, mums and dads, singles, the perfect kind of mix for the party, each having something interesting to say, flirtatious, teasing but all in harmless fun, our hosts generous and charming, the party was a great success.

As the night flowed towards the early hours, people, parents I would guess, leaving to prepare for the day of smiles, tears, screams and shouts of joy as paper was ripped and little faces lit up, we stood, you leaning on the edge of the breakfast bar and held me in your arms, my back to you, your whispers making my head tilt and that tingle wave up and down my spine, pulling my hair away from my ear, kissing, just so together and both relaxed, just talking softly to each other.

"Happy Christmas," came the shout from the patio, the time had passed the witching hour and people kissed and shook hands around the room, before we could even turn I was pulled from your arms by our host and dipped back being given a smooch, I stood upright and giggled then there was another, I glanced over to see our hostess giving you what to some would have looked like a lovers kiss. Her hands holding the back of your hair, pulling you as your hands found the same spot on the back of her neck. Kisses, hand shakes and hugs filled with smiles and holiday joy, I must have had seven or ten quick kisses and hugs and yet your kiss was just breaking, her eyes still closed, I knew how she felt, I knew her want, she had made it clear throughout the night, subtlety was not her best skill.

She turned and looked at me, I smiled then I winked at her. If it was the amount of alcohol she had drunk I don't know but it was very clear my smile was not what she wanted to see, it was if she wanted to see a rage on my face but all she saw was the smile. She turned back to you, you were smiling, you knew the game she wanted to play, so did I, but what she did not know was we played our own games.

She leant in to kiss you again, her eyes open and looking at me, you met her kiss, but that was it, the quick peck before you stepped back and turned to me, I bit my lip, I knew. She had lit the fuse, the one that always smouldered in you but her kiss had acted like a match, you beckoned me with one finger, I walked towards you, somehow the closeness we had shared before the kisses gone but closing enough until I stood and you reached with your left arm and pulled me close.

My feet stayed as if pinned to the floor when you pulled me, my back arching, my tits thrusting against you as your hand slide over my arse, lifting my dress, revealing the tops of my stockings then my panties to those behind me. Your hand slid up until the fabric slipped and your hand met the smooth skin of my back until you stopped, your fingers wide, covering the back of my neck. We stared deep into each others eyes, no words, no kiss, just looked. Then you pulled harder, making me step forward, you turned me, pressed my arse against the breakfast bar, then we kissed

Lips soft, almost not touching, breaths being felt before lips pressed together and sealing those few breaths within the kiss, hands sliding up your body, pushing up between us until I could hold your face. Our heads dipped and turned slowly as our fingers found each others hair. We kissed harder, tongues teasing in and out, being sucked and played with, all within our kiss, then lips, sucked and teased gently then harder making those tiny gasps and moans fight out with the breaths, this was our kiss, the one we had shared a million times.

Your hand slid down over my shoulders, tracing the edge of my dress until you moved it between us, tracing over the top of my tits, slowly moving down and then cupping, not mauling, just caressing, not soft but firm. I groaned as your fingers found one nipple and pinched, holding it, twisting it slowly through my dress before you released it then found and did the same to the other.

I broke our kiss and said, "Don't, not here."

You ignored me, you just kept the smile, that almost gloating, smug smile that somehow fitted the whole evening, fitted us, and fitted your game.

Your hand moved down, pressing your fingers hard as they moved down over my tummy to my mound, my eyes were fixed to yours, pleading looking so deep into the blue, knowing it would make no difference at all, you were going to do as you wanted. You circled your fingers gathering the skirt of my dress, each movement making me sigh as your fingers rubbed against me.

No cold night air felt on my now exposed stocking tops, no chill over the front of my sheer panties, just the gentle soft breeze being blown through the house by the air conditioning, just a few moments before I felt my dress fall, covering once more. I giggled, the smile filling my face, but I should have known better, your hand dipped, grazing up my inner thigh, pushing my legs a little wider, all hidden by my dress, before stopping, your fingers wide and flat covering my pussy.

My hands reaching behind me as I felt my knees dip, grabbing onto the edge of the worktop behind me, instinctively pushing my hips, my pussy forward and hard against your hand. You cupped it, you slowly began to rub, your fingers moving as one up and then down, before pressing your middle finger up, harder, pushing the sheer against me, as if trying to push it between my now wet lips. My eyes wide, pleading with you, a house full of strangers, what would they think, this was our game but should we play it? Your fingers continued to work over the sheer as you moved, standing between my legs, kicking my feet wide enough to fit yours between, your hips thrusting against your hand, pushing it even harder, then you began to slowly grind. Your cock hard, you knew you were teasing me, you knew I wanted you inside me.

Pulling back just the tiniest bit, your fingers worked, you stopped the grind, done for now, you were going to make my want grow, my need burn inside me. Then I felt your other hand brushing the side of my cheek, turning my head to the side, it was if I had been slapped out of a dream. There stood watching us, our hostess and four others, the party empting, people in other rooms, I did not know where or how many were still at the house, the five were just stood, eyes fixed, glasses lifting, sipping drinks, watching, voyeurs to your game, just as you wanted, just as you had hoped.

Your hand moved from my face and held me gently under my chin as you leaned in and whispered, "Don't fucking move!"

I don't think I could have, I did not want to, this was so erotic, so wrong, so exciting all at the same time. I felt the ooze leave my pussy, so did you, your fingers rubbed faster, pressing now two fingers over my swollen lips as your middle finger eased the sheer between them, soaking them in my fresh, sweet, sticky juice.

My moans built, my bottom lip sore from biting it, trying to stop them leaving my lips but now I just did not care, I pushed my pussy down hard onto your fingers, slowly moving my hips back and forth, my clit rubbing against the now soaking sheer, throbbing, taking me closer. My head dropped back, my hair falling onto the worktop, my tits heaving as I gasped for the breaths, those short pants, telling you how close I was, telling everyone watching I was close but they could not see, your hand hidden, but they knew.

"Don't fuckingggggggggg move!" you snarled at me

I stopped moving my hips, I stood so very still as I felt your fingers move to the side, slipping along the edge of my panties then into them. Hard fast no slow tease, you splayed my lips then pushed two fingers up into me. Deep, as far as you could push, then out, adding a third then back in and then you finger fucked me, right there, right then, you took me. I tried to hold, I tried to make it last, but over and over you kept saying, "let if fucking go Kelly."

Relentless, you would not stop. I screamed your name over and over as I came, my whole body wilting as my orgasm slammed through my body. Your fingers twisting from side to side as my pussy clenched them, my cum coating them, you used them to hold me up, to keep me pushed against the wooden edge of the worktop until you heard that deep, final gasp for air mixed with the, "Oh god!"

You kissed me, hard, pressing your whole body into mine, your fingers still between my thighs, then out, slipping from then over me, letting the sheer cover me. Soaking wet, you smoothed them over me, making me shudder as your hot fingers pressed the colder sheer against me. My breath returning to normal, slow, steady, deep breaths mixed with moans and gasps until I giggled, that one I always did after I came, no reason, no meaning, it was just always there. Then we smiled through the last few seconds of our kiss.

Time had passed, it was now the day, I whispered, "Happy Christmas, wana leave and unwrap your gift?"

"And what's my gift?" you asked

I said one word back as I smiled, "me!"

My hand slipped down your shoulder then your arm until I held your wrist, pulling them from under my dress, your fingers still wet, just the faint glisten still there as they were beginning to dry, lifting them, slowly pulling just that one hand up until I held it to your lips and pressed. You let me, you did not kiss, you did not try to lick, you just felt the wetness coat as I moved it from side to side, the sweet scent of my pussy waft over your face. Then I slipped my fingers into yours and held your hand as we turned and began to walk out, our voyeurs stood, smiling, shaking heads, biting lips, bodies pert and poised, we knew they would have fun, sometime, sooner or later.

I stopped in front of our hostess, she smiled so warmly at me as I winked and smiled at her then turned to you and whispered, "Why don't you kiss this wonderful lady good night?"

Once was all it took to ask, you knew, she had seen and as I stepped to the side and watched, her tongue licked over your lips before yours crept out and then opening your mouth wide you sucked her tongue into your lips, taking back my taste. Slowly you sucked, not long, but enough to take my cum from her. She gasped as you parted, we knew she wanted more, so did she. You turned to me then you dropped to your knees, hands sliding up my calves, looking up at me. I looked down, a quizzical look on my face, your hands skimming up over my knees and up my thighs until you reached the sheer, then I smiled. I knew.

Your fingers hooked into the sheer and then slowly pulled as I wriggled, helping you to take my panties off, easing them down my legs until you lifted one foot then the other, your fingers gliding into the sheer so that the metal tips on my heels would not spoil them. I bent forward taking them from you. Wet, the sheer glistening with my cum as I looked at them then at our hostess. She smiled, she knew, just as I had known every smile and action of yours. She held her hands out as I stepped towards her, almost reaching for my gift. Gently I pressed the wet sheer into her palms then wrapped my fingers around hers. I felt her fingers grip, her eyes flickering like the lights on the tree, wanting, needing, willing but having to wait. As I kissed her on her cheek I said "Merry Christmas, same time, same place for New Years Eve?"

She just nodded, standing almost stunned but still smiling as she watched our fingers slip back into each others before we walked out slowly.