 The days and weeks went by and Jodi and Bryan continued their affair. But time together got harder to come by as the holidays approached. Retail is a busy place to be during the holidays and each of them found themselves working forty and fifty hour weeks, with no time to enjoy each other's company. They would exchange an occasional glance or accidentally rub up against each other, but they had no real sexual contact for the better part of two months.

Finally, the holiday season wound down and it was time for the after-holiday blahs. The store got slower and there was more rearranging of personnel. It was even rumored that Bryan was going to have to do layoffs. Jodi felt that her job was secure, not just because she was sleeping with the boss, but because she was one of the better employees at the store. It took her a bit by surprise then, when Bryan called her to his office one Friday afternoon. She went in there expecting a quick romp, but found the two other store managers there instead. Bryan went through the usual speech and handed her a paper to sign. She was being laid off. She just sat there, stunned, and couldn't even look at Bryan. Each of the other managers gave their sympathies and left. Bryan stood and gave her a hug. She didn't really want it, but she was trying to hide her anger. She left the office, gathered her things from her locker and left the store.

It took Jodi a couple of weeks to get over her anger and hurt. It was actually her libido that won out in the end. While she was still upset at being let go, she was more upset that she wasn't going to see the best lover she'd had in years. One Friday night, after a nice dinner out with some friends, she decided to drop by the store on some phony pretext of needing Bryan to sign something for her. He almost always worked Friday nights, so she knew he'd be there. She put on a see through white top, a pair of very nice fitting jeans, and went over to the store. 

Bryan greeted her warmly as she entered and they walked back to his office, amid stares from some of the employees. When they reached his office, Jodi shut the door and removed her coat as he sat down.

"Miss me?" She asked.

His eyes were immediately drawn to her see-through shirt. Her nipples hardened under his stare. 

"Of course I did," he said with a sly smile.

Jodi moved closer to him, her chest now at his eye level. 

"I missed you too," she said, lustfully, as she raised the shirt over her head, exposing her breasts and rock hard nipples. Bryan needed no invitation. He immediately took one of the nubs in his mouth and began sucking on it, making it even harder. He nibbled gently at it as his hand kneaded and massaged her other one. Jodi leaned her head back and sighed. She had missed this. But this office was not someplace she wanted their reunion to take place.

Jodi pulled his head away from her chest and sunk to the floor. She kept her eyes locked on his as she swiftly undid the fly on his pants. His erection was straining to get out and Jodi was nearly salivating at the thought of tasting him again. His cock was barely free before she had it in her mouth. Bryan moaned and trembled, caught a bit off guard by the quickness of her actions. Soon, Jodi had him buried in her mouth, sucking and teasing him. Her hand cupped and massaged his balls as she worked up and down on his shaft. Bryan wrapped his fingers in her hair and urged her to move faster. He loved the feel of her mouth and couldn't believe it had been so long since he'd felt it. Soon, he could hold back no longer. With a warning grunt, he began to fuck her mouth furiously and Jodi knew he was about to cum. Without letting up, she took all of him in her mouth as he began to shoot his cum. She sucked until she had every last drop, then looked at him, smiled, and swallowed it all.

Bryan moved as though he were going to return the favor and Jodi stopped him.

"Not here. I want to have a lot more time for this." She smiled coyly as she put herself back together and watched him do the same. She handed him a business card.

"My cell phone number is on there. Call me and we'll do lunch."

Jodi walked by herself out of the store, amid even more stares since she had been back in Bryan's office for over an hour. She also had a big grin on her face that she just couldn't hide. The affair would continue, and she no longer had to worry about her co-workers and what they might say!

It took Bryan all of two days to call her. She was sitting at home reading a book one afternoon when her phone rang.

"Hey, it's me," the voice on the other end said.

"Oh, have some free time and want to grab lunch?" Jodi asked.

"Actually, I'm leaving work right now. Taking half a day off but didn't tell the wife. I'll be at your place in about five minutes."

And with that the line went dead. Jodi smiled. Five minutes to get ready. That was an easy task. She went to her bedroom and picked out a slinky negligee and put it on. She lit a few candles as well. She barely finished before her doorbell rang. She hit the buzzer and a few seconds later there was a knock at her door. She opened it up and Bryan rushed in, grabbing her into a deep, passionate kiss. Jodi barely got the door closed behind them before Bryan had her up against the wall, kissing her while frantically taking off pieces of his clothing. Jodi tried to help him, but he grabbed both of her arms and pinned them against the wall. Jodi moaned. It turned her on even more when he got rough.

Soon a rough hand was feeling its way between her legs. She was already very wet from thinking about him, and his fingers slid into her easily. She moaned and bucked against his fingers, trying to pull them faster and deeper into her. Bryan still had her arms pinned above her head, but broke the kiss. He began kissing her neck, leaving a burning trail of heat behind as he moved down to her tits. He let her arms down so he could take one of her tits in his hand, massaging and pulling at the nipple through the material of her negligee. His fingers were still fucking her pussy, and Jodi was moaning nonstop now. He removed his hand from her pussy and managed to unzip and slip out of his pants. With both hands he pulled Jodi up and rammed his hard cock into her steaming pussy. She wrapped her legs around him and leaned back into the wall. His cock felt so good and it had been so long since she'd had it. 

Bryan buried his face in her tits, nibbling and suckling on each of them while ramming his cock into her pussy. She came quickly and loudly, screaming his name over and over again while grinding her pussy onto his hard cock. Bryan moaned as he felt her pussy grab hold of his cock. He had been thinking about this for months, and even more so since her visit to his office two nights ago. He didn't want to cum too fast, so he slowed down and pulled Jodi off the wall. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he carried her over to the couch.

He sat down with Jodi on top of him. She recovered from her orgasm and began pumping herself up and down on his cock. She leaned in and they locked in a passionate kiss once again. Bryan's hands were on her ass, guiding her movement up and down on his cock. He slapped one cheek, then the other. Each time, Jodi cried out and Bryan felt her get wetter. He began thrusting upward, harder, as she ground her pussy down onto his cock. He slapped her ass a couple of more times and she screamed his name again, cumming louder and harder than before. Her eyes glazed over as she continued to spasm on top of him. It was more than Bryan could handle and he felt his climax coming. With several final thrusts, he held himself deep inside of Jodi as he came. She had another small orgasm as the rush of his cum hit her. As their orgasms subsided, she collapsed on top of him and they just laid there for a while.

"Now that was one hell of a ride," Jodi said when she had recovered.

"I know. And I'll definitely be calling again, and again."

Jodi just smiled. "What makes you think that we're done now?"