 Jodi smiled at Bryan's suggestion that the afternoon was over.

"What makes you think that we're done now?"

She got up from on top of him and pulled him by the hand to the bedroom. They fell on the bed together in a long, passionate kiss. She rolled him until he was flat on his back and began kissing his neck. She worked his way to his chest where she teased each of his nipples lightly with her tongue. Jodi could feel his cock stirring underneath her but took her time kissing and nibbling her way down Bryan's body. When she made it to his cock, she gently cupped his balls in one hand while holding his shaft with the other, teasing the top lightly with her tongue. He let out a moan of pleasure in response. 

Jodi decided to tease him a little bit and simply kissed all around the tip and outside of his cock, following the vein from top to bottom. When she reached the bottom, she sucked first one, then the other ball into her mouth and teased them while her hand slowly jacked his cock. He was at full hardness in no time and Jodi couldn't help herself. She loved swallowing his cock, so she engulfed the entire length in one movement, burying her nose in his pubic hair. Bryan just groaned and Jodi continued her work up and down on his cock. Soon his hands were on the back of her head and his hips were thrusting up to meet her downward movements. Jodi began to moan against his cock, loving how good it tasted to her. She gave him a few more minutes of mouth work before stopping.

She sat up and crawled back up his body, leaning in to kiss him while she straddled him. His cock found its place in her steaming pussy with ease. Jodi moaned as he slid all the way into her. She sat up and began pumping herself back and forth on his cock. He grabbed her hips and pulled her up slightly and began thrusting his hips upwards. Jodi just closed her eyes and enjoyed the ride, feeling his cock sliding in and out of her hot pussy. Bryan just watched Jodi, the pleasure crossing her face and her boobs jiggling up and down with each of his thrusts. Jodi leaned over a bit and Bryan grabbed her ass for better leverage, spreading her cheeks apart and pounding her pussy. He began teasing her asshole with his finger and she was in one constant, low moan. When he slid a finger into her ass, she came almost instantly, crying out with pleasure. Bryan continued pounding her pussy all through her orgasm, watching her body tremble.

Jodi opened her eyes and smiled at Bryan. He lifted her off of him and positioned her on all fours on the bed. She loved this position and he knew it. He got behind her and teased her a bit by sliding his cock up and down her slit, paying special attention to her clit. She began to buck her hips against him, trying to get him to slide his cock into her. He continued to tease her, including reaching around to squeeze her nipples.

"Please, Bryan, fuck me. I can't stand it. Please!"

He liked to hear her beg, and as soon as she did, he slid into her pussy. He fucked her slowly at first, teasing her a little bit more. But soon she was grinding and urging him to move faster. He started pounding her pussy hard, and she cried out her pleasure. Bryan decided to go one step further and raised his hand up and smacked her on the ass cheek. She cried out at the suddenness but then moaned as he continued to alternately smack each ass cheek. He could feel her getting wetter each time he smacked her and it drove him closer to the edge. He stopped smacking her ass and grabbed her hips and began driving his cock into her pussy without abandon. 

"Oh yes, Bryan, fuck that pussy hard. That feels so good!"

Bryan felt his orgasm coming on and couldn't stop it. With a load cry he emptied his cock into her pussy. That sent Jodi over the edge to another long orgasm, and she cried out his name as she came. They both fell onto the bed, panting in exhaustion.

"I certainly hope you're done with me now," Bryan said after a few minutes.

"For now, I suppose," Jodi said with a smile.

They laid there for a few minutes, then Jodi suggested a shower so that his wife wouldn't be suspicious. Bryan thought that would be a good idea and headed into the bathroom. Jodi waited until she heard the shower running and him get into it before sneaking in to the bathroom.

"I thought that you were done with me?"

"Well, I need a shower too and might as well conserve water!" She hopped in the shower with him before he could protest. She took the soap from him and began lathering up his back, slowly kneading his shoulders and other muscles as she cleaned him. He just sighed deeply and let her continue. She finished his back and moved to his ass, massaging each cheek and then down each leg. One her way back up she reached between his legs and massaged his cock. 

"After the workout you just gave me, I don't think its going to come back to life this time," he quipped.

"That's okay. I'm just being nice. I want to take care of what's mine!"

Jodi stood back up and Bryan turned around.

"Your turn."

She handed him the soap and he began to soap up her shoulders and back, giving her the same treatment she had given him. When he finished back at the top, however, he reached around and began massaging her breasts, tweaking the nipples. Jodi sighed and leaned back into him. He continued his work, leaving one hand on her breast and snaking one hand down to her overworked pussy. He gently traced a finger around the outside and Jodi instinctively spread her legs. Bryan forged ahead, teasing her clit with his finger and tracing a line down to her opening, then back again. Jodi's breathing became faster and her eyes were closed. He continued to play with her pussy, rubbing her clit, then trailing down and barely inserting a finger into her. Soon her body was shuddering in a small, but intense orgasm, as Bryan pinched at her clit and nipple together. She sighed and stood up.

"That was very nice."

"I'm just taking care of what's mine," he said.

The water was turning colder, so they quickly finished cleaning up and exited the shower. Jodi was the first to notice the time. 

"You had better get going before you-know-who wonders where you are at!"

Reluctantly, Bryan agreed. He got dressed and headed for the door. Jodi stopped him and gave him a passionate kiss good-bye.

"I'll be looking forward to your next call," she said, breathless, as he headed out the door.