 They were horny. That's nothing new but when you haven't had sex for a few days and been thinking about it for a while, it's a little distracting. Or a lot.

Google "what to do when you're really horny". Only for a minute. Then get back to work.

Let off a little steam: Trade sexy "what I'm going to do to you" messages. Try to work. Focus on work. Not horny body parts. Work, work. Leave work.

--

Late night dip

--

That night she went to his house. Hung out with his wife and him. Stayed up late. He tucked his wife in. With his wife asleep, he came back into the living room and stood over her, while she sat on the couch, and he looked at her as he unzipped his fly. He pulled it out. Dark, thick, and somewhat soft, it was bait to her fish. He grasped her hair firmly and put her mouth to his cock. She took it in her mouth and sucked longingly, accepting it completely in her mouth and looking up at him hungrily. "It has my wife and my cum on it." He told her. She sucked at it greedily and full of want. She could taste his wife's pussy juice on it and it turned her on even more. Her panties had already been wet all day.

He released her from his now already-erect-again cock and stepped back, then sat back in his comfy chair. She watched him from across the room, as he stroked the large staff and tapped it against his belly. Its shape and movement up and down turned her on so much that she squirmed around under her blanket. She enjoyed the show. The subtle motion of her pussy being pushed by the tight fabric of her pants rubbed her full and swollen clit. She watched him play with his thick shaft - her favorite toy - and wished that he could put it in her wet and eager pussy. She pulled her stretchy shirt down to reveal her breasts, and tweaked her nipples. Pulling and squeezing, things she wished he could do with them. Things he wished he could do with them. He stroked his large cock while she groped her own boobs, as they innocently played with themselves.

But after a time, he could stand it no more. This was his house, and he'd already satisfied his wife. It was time to take his friend's pussy and fuck it to submission.

He walked over to her, she rolled to face the back of the couch and he came in from behind. She arched her back to let him push against a ready and willing little snatch. As soon as the plum-headed dick pushed against her, they had to muffle their own sounds as the pleasure of the large head pushing into tight pussy caused them to gasp and moan. He pushed harder and it sank in, found warm reception in the wet and thankful pussy.

It stretched her and filled her like nothing else could. It was so thick and its uncircumcised shape made her want nothing else. The size and the way he used it on her pushed her limits more than anything. They both revelled in the feeling of a perfect, strained fit. Pressing the big tool in, both their mouths in the "oh shit this feels unbelievable" shape.

He fucked her like this silently, which was hard because they were rolling in pleasure - it was a wonder a yelp or two didn't escape. 

She ground into him and he pushed deeper and deeper, until the look on his face said he was about to come. 

And he came hard. It washed over him, orgasm overtaking this large and gorgeous man with dark brown skin. Warm cum gushed into a pussy begging to receive it. 

--

Morning glory

--

The next morning they woke up and left for work and made sure it was 30 minutes early, because they wanted to fuck. He knew that while she was lost in lust and pleasure last night, she didn't come, and he felt that had to be rectified. Besides, they both wanted a more free encounter where they could let loose, move around and get all their fucks out. And there were still a lot of cooped up fucks.

So before he even pulled into a parking space, she had his pants unzipped and engulfed his delicious chubby dick with her mouth. It was such a mouthful and it grew until she could barely receive half without shoving the rest down her small throat. Which she did, repeatedly, until they were safely parked and she let up so they could move to the back seat. 

He sat like a normal passenger with no pants, and she climbed on top of him. They kissed and groped each other as she slowly worked herself onto him, rotating her pussy so she it could work his thick shaft in like a corkscrew. Once the throbbing member had made it inside, she began riding it until she made herself come, while he enjoyed her boobs bouncing up and down, and the look of ecstasy on her face.

They took a moment to switch places - she now sitting on the 2nd row bench seat, and her petite body laid back, scooted her soaked pussy to the edge of the seat. He wedged himself between the back of the front seat and her open legs, lined up his huge junk to her salivating gap, and slid in. Instead of pounding her deep, he took a different tack.

When he slowed down and stroked slowly, smoothly in and out, she began to slip Into another dimension. She voiced her pleasure to him. "Oh god, oh god", her pussy worshipping at the alter of his strong, thick entity. 

Every nerve in her vagina was awake and receiving the gift of pleasure that the huge cock was giving her. She moaned his name, "don't stop. Please keep doing that." Slow push. Slow pull. Nerve tingling. Up and down, smooth and decided, like a donkey jack pumping. She watched the glistening shaft as he entered and exited. She felt the fullness - every nerve accepting the pressure and spreading the sensational warmth in her body.

They could have gone on like this for hours, but they would have lost track of time. And they both had to get to work. They didn't care at all if folks in nearby cars heard. It mattered naught.

Her moans grew wilder, and he picked up the pace. The guttural noises formed into screams and orgasm took her, she was shaking from lip to leg. With her convulsions came a fountain of female ejaculation, her pussy squirted as he continued the cockjjamming. She squirmed. She whimpered, then screamed "no" as another wave, and another wave overtook her body. 

She could not stop coming. She said "stop, this isn't fair. You can't make me come like that and not let me stop. Please stop. I can't stop coming. No! Not fair!"

She cried but not hard enough to convince him to stop. He kept pumping. "You know you don't want me to stop." He went harder for a spell and knew when he hit her perfect spot, he watched as a huge cervical orgasm tore through her body and waves took her out of her mind. Her sopping, soft pussy still wrapped tightly around his thick shaft, throbbed and twitched around the giant dick. He continued to pound her despite her screams to stop. He knew she was stuck in a pleasure loop and he kept hitting her button. 

Because of his large body and yet the small size of the vehicle, his legs battered against the sides, but he was immune to pain, as his complete focus was on the pleasure being gifted by and reciprocated to his relentless cock.

He finally gave her reprieve and finished a few more strokes when they realized they would be late to work if they didn't stop now. "To be continued" he said as he removed his member and buttoned up. He looked at her. "What a good little pussy. You can really take my pounding cock." 

Her red flushed face tried to breathe deeply for air in the steamed up vehicle. Her eyes admired his still rock-hard organ, and her body continued what it was doing until her pussy admitted to her mind that the Perfect cock had been removed from it. The feeling of that huge, hefty rod, substantial and slippery, rubbing against her pussy lips one last time on its way out, left her completely and utterly satisfied in the midst of intense passion. The wild mid-orgasm look did not leave her face. 

The smell of sex lingered as she lay exhausted on the back seat. Eventually she was able to command her body to put clothes on. As she left to go to work, her pussy felt raw and thoroughly fucked and so perfectly destroyed. She would wait and wonder when she would be able to have his cock again - and when he would hold her down and take her pussy when he wanted - when he would get a chance.