 Landon squinted, trying to shut out the backdrop of the school buildings and the throngs of children gathering around them on the playground, chanting, encouraging. The metallic taste of blood was filling his mouth. His lip was split at the corner and his teeth had dug into the inside of is cheek, ripping his flesh. He spat to the side and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, smearing fresh blood from the split across his face.

He knew news of the fight would beat him home and the social worker would be there waiting for him. It didn't matter that he didn't start it. It didn't matter that this kid had already punched him and was antagonizing him to retaliate. He'd be off to a new home, a new school, before he could sit down for supper. This was his life. 

"Come on, Krueger."

He flinched at the cruel name and his opponent noticed, his mouth curling up in a sadistic smile. Landon could feel his face brighten under the shame. He knew the scar that ran down the right side of his face, stretching his skin in grotesque layers from his forehead, just over his eye, consuming his cheek all the way down to his chin, would be several shades brighter than the rest. That knowledge brought his blood pounding in his ears and pushed out any thought of turning away.

Moved to action, Landon drew back his fist, stepped forward and used the momentum to his advantage as the he followed through with the punch. It landed on the bully's nose, spewing blood on contact. The kid's head jerked to the side from the blow, knocking him off kilter. Landon launched, continuing his forward charge, wrapping his arms around his waist and tackling him to the ground. Before the kid could catch his breath, Landon was straddling him, pounding one fist then the other into the kids face. Comprehension was lost. Reality obscured. Even the words that rattled from his own lips, in between the grunts and slamming of his fists into the kid's battered face, were alien and came from a dark place inside him, a place where demons lived and breathed, feeding off his hate and pain. 

Large hands grabbed at him, pulling him off the kid, but Landon continued punching the air. When his body was pulled upright, his feet began kicking at the figure lying at his feet, a hazy formation with no real shape, just a blob of red evil moaning and writhing in the dirt, an 'it'. 

"Your social worker is not going to be happy about this, young man." Landon was spun around and shoved toward the administration building as more adults came into focus, rushing to the evil thing lying on the ground. He risked a look over his shoulder. It was rolled over now, his hands covering his face, blood seeping through his fingers and pooling in the dirt. A satisfied grin grew on his face. It would cost him. It always did. There was a price to pay for being the class freak, the burned one, the one who didn't fit in, and tears no longer covered the check.

Ten years later 

Pulling the bills from his wallet, Landon counted out the fee, all the while keeping his eye on the call girl running her fingers along his bed. He folded the bills and held them out to her, refusing to release them when her fingers wrapped around the cash.

"I want to see what I'm paying for," he said.

With a sly smile, the brunette stepped back and freed the straining buttons on her blouse. She pushed the cheap material off her shoulders, letting the top fall to the floor and puddle at the strappy heels on her feet. Moments later, the skirt that barely covered her ass floated down her long legs and tangled in the pile. She stood for a moment, enduring his inspection with feigned anticipation.

"The bra, too," he said.

She reached behind her back and freed the clasps, making a show of freeing her enormous breasts from the confines of the thin material. She may have been faking the sensuality, but the hard nipples reaching out to him told him that her imperfect body was perfectly aroused. She was simply no more at ease with her body than he was.

A hint of a smile played on his lips as he watched her breath quicken under his stare, her breasts rising and falling with each inhalation.

"Have you done this before?" The realization that she was new hit him and suddenly the need in his groin grew from a steady desire to a demanding hard on.

Her eyes widened as her answer, her lie, faltered on her tongue. Landon bit back a laugh and instead, stepped back to the chair he had in the corner and took a seat.

"Come here. What's your name?"

"Kennadie," she whispered, freeing her feet from the pile of clothes and moving toward him. 

When she was standing in front of him, Landon reached for the thong she wore and pulled it to her knees, ripping the thin material from her body and tossing it carelessly to the side. 

"On your knees, Kennadie."

She was shaking, but she did it. Once she was settled between his thighs, Landon tucked his finger under her chin and pulled her face to him. 

"You lied to me, Kennadie. Am I your first?"

He knew this couldn't be her first time with a man, but he'd bet his money that she'd never fucked for it before. A slow nod from her confirmed it.

"But, you're excited, aren't you?" he asked.

Another slow nod brought a smile to his face. "Of course you are," he breathed. Landon pulled his tie from around his neck and used it as a makeshift blindfold. Kennadie tensed and Landon frowned. I should have asked, first. But, she didn't pull away. 

Landon sat back in his chair for a moment, admiring his view. Everything about her was plump and welcoming and coloring various shades of red. 

"Are you wet, Kennadie?" Her skin glowed with embarrassment, but her excitement was just as obvious.

She started to shake her head and stopped, quietly admitting she was. 

"Spread your knees." Landon waited until she did and told her, "Put your hands on my legs."

When she was situated, Landon leaned forward, brushing a light kiss against her lips. Keeping his face close to hers, he reached for her nipples, tweaking them between his fingers. Her warm breath washed across his cheek as she moaned in response. 

"You like that?"

"Yes," she breathed, tilting her head back and tightening her grip on Landon's knees. 

"How long has it been for you, Kennadie, since a man has made you come, screaming?"

"Umm, t-two years."

Landon smiled. Jane ran a great business and her girls were the shit, but the downside was that sex was s job to them. They faked their way through it, at least at the outset, until nature took over and their bodies gave in to his. Not with this one. This one was ready for him, wanted him and he fought the urge to throw her on the bed and lap the desire from her body with his tongue. No, this was a rare treat and he was going to enjoy every ounce of give that he could take.

Landon bent down, replacing one hand with his tongue, pulling her nipple between his teeth and nipping the swollen nub. Kennadie gasped, holding her breath until Landon pulled his head away, giving her a moment of reprieve in the time it took him to move to the opposite breast. 

Kennadie's hands slid forward on his thighs, destined for his zipper until Landon stopped her.

"You don't get to touch me, yet."

She whimpered and Landon placed his lips to her ear. "We'll get there. I promise you. First things first." As he talked, Landon ran his fingers from her breast to her pussy, raking his fingers over her trimmed hair before tracing the damp folds of her vagina and sliding his finger inside. 

Being in such close proximity to her was hot. Every breath she took echoed in his ear and Landon leaned a little closer, the effect drawing him in.

"Jane said nothing is off limits," he said, testing the waters. When Kennadie didn't offer any protests, he gently pulled his finger from her and traced a line to her ass, pressing his finger against her resistance.

"Oh god," Kennadie groaned. Her body shifted slightly forward, opening herself up to Landon even more. 

"Hmm, that's right. You know how good that's going to feel, don't you?"

"I do. Please. Fuck."

Kennadie made another reach for his crotch. This time Landon permitted one hand to explore, stopping the other with his free hand and bringing it to her breast, circling her palm over her nipple.

"I almost want to slide my cock in between those titties of yours and fuck 'em until you have cum dripping down your face."

Kennadie was still fumbling with his pants, trying to free his cock with one hand, but he felt her pussy clench around his fingers. Maybe she was up for anything goes. Motivated and losing his will to draw this out, Landon withdrew his fingers to her clit and pressed his fingertips against her in slow circles. 

"Don't come yet, Kennadie. Not until my cock is inside this wet pussy of yours."

"Then you have to stop. Stop or I will." She backed herself away from his reach and wrenched her free hand from his grasp. She blindly tore at his zipper and pulled the button of his dress pants free with such enthusiasm, the button went sailing across the room.

Landon raised himself from the seat so she could pull his pants and boxers down. Without hesitation, she took his hard cock in her mouth, grazing her lips up and down his shaft while curling her tongue around his length. 

Landon twisted his hands in her hair. "Oh, I'm so going to fuck that mouth, hold still."

When Kennadie froze, Landon buried his cock in the warmth of her mouth, only pulling back when he felt her throat constricting in panic. A few gentle thrusts and he buried himself again. This time Kennadie was prepared and swallowed against her reflex and Landon about lost his load. 

Finding a steady cadence to reclaim his wits, Landon closed his eyes and reveled in the warmth of her mouth around his cock. "That feels so fucking good."

With his control in check, Landon watched as his cock disappeared into her mouth, the long, steady rhythm of his strokes bringing on the urge to come again. Abruptly he pulled away. "Not like this," he growled. He kicked off his shoes and used his feet to pull his pants free. He grabbed a condom from the pocket and pulled Kennadie her feet, guiding her to the bed. He positioned himself behind her before sheathing himself with the protection. 

Of her own will, Kennadie put her knees on the bed, offering herself to him. When Landon rubbed his cock into the folds of her pussy, she pushed against him, begging him, encouraging him. Landon found his mark and plunged inside of her in one firm stroke. Kennadie gasped and for a brief moment, tensed under the assault. Seconds later she was rocking her hips against Landon on a desperate journey of gratification. Landon let Kennadie use him, reaching around to grab her tits in his hands as she fucked him. When he felt his orgasm start to build, Landon slid his hand from her breast to her pussy, finding her clit and taking her over the edge. 

His cock was squeezed as the spams grew in their intensity. Kennadie groaned against the strain of the orgasm on her body before finally relenting and giving in the cry of ecstasy she'd been holding back. Landon's body responded, his pelvis pounding against her ass as he tried in vain to delay his release. He exploded inside the condom. 

"Jesus. Fucking. Christ," he grunted. Sweat was beading on his forehead from the exertion and his heart was hammering in his chest. This was not the blow job he'd expected. The great thing about Jane was you paid for a four hour minimum, regardless of the services. Thank fuck, or he would have missed out on this. 

Kennadie moaned, displeased, when he pulled out of her. He watched as she eased herself down on the bed. "Can I take this off now?" she asked, tugging at the blindfold. 

Landon smiled at the contentment in her voice. For the first time since he'd been using Jane's service, he didn't feel the urge to dress and run. "In a minute."

He disposed of the condom and turned out all the lights except the small nightlight that came on in the bathroom when the lights went out. He shed his shirt and socks, undressing in the safety of her obstructed vision. For the first time in his life, he lay down beside a woman, sated, wanting nothing more than to hold her body against his. 

Hidden beneath the safety of the covers, he pulled his tie free from her eyes and for the briefest moment, pretended it was possible, this ability to have a woman look at you and not cringe at the sight, the disfigurement. 

Kennadie fidgeted for a moment, seemingly unsure until Landon reached out, pulling her into his arms, catching a brief smile in the shadows as she snuggled against him. 

It's possible. In the dark, anything was possible.