 The woman had it all to him: sculpted body, chiseled face, luxuriously long hair, long, almost witch-like fingernails, and an attitude that lent it's way to the inviting touch of a strangers hand. For years, she had driven him to the brink of carrying out his fantasies with and about her; opportunities certainly were plentiful, however, the wash of self-doubt and sheer nervousness frequently kept him from opening up about his true feelings for her. Sure, they'd play and tease one another, even to the point of light tickling and handling of each other's bodies. To her, this may have been harmless sex play; to him, each incident, each passing day, brought more of a chance to open up to her, abandon his willpower, and unleash the male animal. She oozed sexiness and womanhood like a modern Godiva, very much to the delight of his sexual fantasies and playing realities.

It was a rather nondescript late day, and the two found themselves together, chatting about recent local events while soaking up the decreasing sun. The mood was relaxed, calm, very much open. During conversation, she, as many women will do, often looked at her long fingernails, occasionally chipping away at the deep-reddish nail polish that he loved so much on her. A crack in the window of opportunity, he thought, time to comment on her sensually-manicured and lengthy talons, thus shifting the focus from current ongoings to her own details. 

Such was done with ease, as he remarked on the color and shape of her nails, to her pride and delight. He was in agreement with her that such nails were, in fact, quite sexy, and long the object of his attention. The window of chance grew wider. Taking her hands in his, he gazed at those ten shiny claws and proceeded to gently kiss each one individually. Upon completion of this flirtatious action, their eyes met. She knew that he had designs on more than her wonderful nails, that was certain. Question was, what did he want, and, how was he going to go about getting it? Should she lead him on first, or, simply let him act out his thoughts, unabashed?

Rising to stretch her marble-smooth legs, she sat beside him as they chatted some more about her features, namely, how her body had arrived at the near-perfect shape now seen daily. Increasingly aroused, he implored her for a further display; gradually, she obliged, until showcasing her goblet-shaped, 38" tits for him. With her thin blouse now unbuttoned to mid-abdomen, he requested a touch, a feel, anything to get closer to living out his longtime fantasies about her. Uncertain at first, but, truly, wanting him to pursue more, she presents her tits in front of his face, and watches as he buries his mouth into her cleavage. Surprised by his adeptness at this, she sighed out in pleasure, directing him to continue. Internal fires raging, he ravaged her upper torso and tits, making a meal out of her natural melons. Her sighs grew louder, heavier, and, obvious to him, more filled with pure lust for this. His fantasies, so long just that, were coming to fruition. Could he control his more intense urges? 

Deep in the confines of his fantasy mind, he had envisioned her struggling with him, then giving into his wishes. The classic dom-sub dream. But, wait, it seemed as if she was not only fulfilling his lusty ambitions for her, but, she acted as the initiator! Clearly, the dom-sub item would not be necessary. As he felt her body shift upwards, he thought it best to pry himself away from her milk-filled goblets of sex, sensing that to be her desire. To a degree, this was true. She did desire a break in the action, in part to ponder what it was she was allowing to occur. Not that it didn't feel good and stoke her own endless sexual needs; it did, and how. Quickly, she leaned towards him, planting a 2-minute long, continuos, breath-removing kiss on his lips. His lips and tongue took in the taste of her lipstick and mouth roof, shedding any and all thoughts of restraining himself for the evening's duration. This, he thought, HAD to happen. ALL of it, my way. Time to let loose on the wild desires. She'll understand. After all, he knew her wild side, so, considered this par for her sexual course.

Retiring to the living room of the spacious abode, he assured continuation of this lustful heavy petting and body play by halting her in mid-step, removing her already-open shirt and tossing it aside. He gazed at her now bare breasts, placing his hands on each one, squeezing and caressing them as she stood silently. Moving her long hair from her shoulders, she tilted her head back, fully allowing him freedom with her exposed upper body and inviting neck. He would not disappoint. Within minutes, he could hear and feel her sighs of approval and pleasure; soon, he thought, she would need to be in a flatter, lying position in order to be fully taken advantage of. With each touch of his chest to hers came more forward pressure, such that her standing balance was affected. As her long-nailed fingers pulled and tugged at his crotch, he let forth a gentle, yet, forceful heave, resulting in both bodies on the carpeted floor. She began to voice some uncertainty, along with pleasure, but, he would have none of the uncertainty portion. His hands grasped at her skin-tight jeans shorts, relieving them of her waist and crotch with one fell tug. Pussy, he thought, it's high time I get some of her sweetness.

With a deep, breathy sigh, she allowed her shorts to be removed, and opened up for him. Her hands wrapped around his pulsating item like a policeman wielding a nightstick; she pulled and stroked him, further meeting his wildest fantasies about her. Time, he thought, now was the time to stop thinking, and just DO. Softly caressing her body, he could feel her quivers of anticipation; running his hands over her now-sweating and physically begging pussy, he spread her lips out, causing her to shriek with pleasure. This, he told himself, was the calm before the storm. Looking directly into her beautiful eyes, he lifted himself upward, and positioned his hard cock at the base of her clit hole. As he eased down on top of her with a tease of pressure where she wanted it, their private body parts, their most sexual of all human anatomy, met and began to slide together. Hearing her initial sigh, he buried his face into the side of her neck, and proceeded to thrust forward with all his pent-up sexual might. Her body began to rock and sway as he felt her hawk-like talons plow his back as if a farmer's field. This only served to eroticize him all the more, as he repeatedly thursted inside her, ever looking for deeper cunt ground to overtake.

With his tailpipe-sized cock now enthralling her deepest regions, he felt the first of what would be a series of three penile eruptions. Moaning into her ear as she gasped for air during this most pleasurable performance she'd ever endured, he alerted her of the impending flow of bodily juice about to spray inside her. She screamed with approval. His warm spew seemingly found every reach of her wet, reddening pussy; He had dreamed of this as well, of extinguishing her body with his own sexual spray. Now, he had attained it. Twisting her onto her side, he continued to enter her womanly body regions, now with a faster, more forceful fervor. Pulling her into his sweating chest, this sudden burst of roughness took hold of her as well, and she began to move with equal and opposite force as he. Alternating moaning and screaming, she expressed great pain, yet, even greater pleasure that he was doing this to her, unencumbered, and she had let him. The pain of this rough stretch of fucking, was worth it, she thought.

Another spew would make it's way forward, this time spraying her flat, prone tummy on the floor. He had always fantasized about jerking off in her navel, but now, this was significantly better. Now, he HAD her, had her where both he and she wanted to be; She was under his sexual control, and he knew it. Hovering over her limp body, he raised up and painted her sexy abdomen with warmth, spreading it to her rib cage. Her soft sighing and desperation for a break in the action stoked his fires to continue. At her behest, he did, and turned her over on that tummy, not only so she could feel the cool floor over her overheated body, but, due to his one last desire: He wanted to do her anal. Very weak from this encounter, she was in no position to refuse, nor, deep down in her wild-woman self, did she want to. She wanted him to TAKE her every which way he desired, wanted him to simply USE her, and treat her body like men have treated women throughout the ages. Having her in position, he spread her legs wide, again hearing the sighs and trembles of her anticipation. Grasping each side of her perfectly shapely ass, he initially resisted temptation to take a bite out of it. Temptation proved too strong, however, and he relented to this urge, sinking his teeth into each side of her ass. She screamed. He enjoyed it.

With his oral fixation for her posterior now satisfied, it was time to get down to business. Teasing her clit from the bottom, he noted her sensitivity in that area. This, he felt, was a very good indicator of the pleasure she'd derive from his tremendous cock violating her anally. While she heaved for breath up above, he inserted his cock into her backside, causing her to scream very loudly, and beg him to not continue. Directing her to stand pat and let actions be the judge, he again plunged into her hind quarters, this time with a degree of increased force. 

Once again, she screamed out; Once again, he entered, more forcefully. Indulging her to request such anal fucking, she allowed her wild side, that side which so long ago caught his attention and made all of this happen, to take over and let him pleasure her ass. After several hard thrusts with his bulging, increasingly pained cock, he felt the last of the internal eruptions coming to the surface. Placing his cock over her anal crack like a caulking gun, the last of his body juices flowed onto the rump of her ass, filling each available crevice in it's wake. 

Descending to lie beside her, she managed to summon what little energy she had left, and rolled into his arms, all but collapsing from this intense experience. A period of slumber ensued, and, when they awoke, found themselves at a psychological and sexual zenith. They kissed, licked, and again briefly worshipped the other's body for 120 more minutes, until such time that other's would begin to question their whereabouts, either separately or together. The silence that this interlude had brought was about to be broken by two simple words: 

"Thanks, Sis."