 This is a work of fiction and all the characters contained in it are over the age of 18.

*****

"Yes, yes, yes! Oh give it to me big boy!" I cried, doing my best to convince my husband that I was on the verge of a climax. I squeezed my inner muscles to add conviction, while looking over his heaving shoulder to check my watch. With a gasp and a grunt, he thrust a few more times and collapsed on top of me.

Rolling off a few moments later, he smiled at me. "That was wonderful as usual dear." He then kissed me chastely, rolled over and was soon snoring. From experience, I knew he would be out for the rest of the night, and from the volume of his snores, I also knew that I would be sleeping in the spare room again. 

Don't get me wrong, I love my husband, it's just that he is something of a one trick pony; a quick finger fumble as foreplay, then climb aboard for a five minute pounding. I didn't get anything out of it, but thankfully it never lasted long. I had wanted so much more from sex, the something I read about in the romance novels I devoured.

It wasn't as if I hadn't tried, I had bought porn films, lingerie, sex toys, even got a friend to take some risqué photos of me. Nothing. Well, other than looks that made me feel like a pervert, and I sadly confined everything to the closet including my sexual desires.

I had had a couple of boyfriends before I met Harry, both of whom were okay in bed, but both somewhat selfish, and relationship wise; bigger tools than their appendages. They were each happy enough for me to service them in front of 'Match Of The Day' while they continued drinking their beer, but romance? Forget it!

Harry was sweet caring and good husband material. He was romantic, and devoted; but alarm bells should have gone off when he insisted we saved ourselves for marriage. (I didn't disabuse him of the notion I was a virgin, I figured that if he was, he wouldn't know any different, and I wasn't exactly experienced anyhow.)

Sliding out from between the sheets, I knew my favourite program would begin in half an hour, so after a quick shower, and grabbing a nightie, I went through to the living room, wide awake and frustrated.

Turning the TV on, I frowned at the thumping bass coming up through the floor. It sounded like our neighbours were having another party. It never bothered Harry, who could sleep through an earthquake, but I was always a light sleeper and knew that this would go on until the early hours.

Sighing I watched my program, hoping to doze off through it, but the thudding beat was still prodding my nerves. I opened the French doors to the balcony to get some fresh air and the noise grew louder; I could hear the forced laughter of people determined to have fun amid the clinking of glasses. I sighed again. I am not a party pooper, I didn't begrudge them, if anything I envied them, at least they had a life!

"I doubt we'll be getting much sleep tonight." The voice was almost in my ear, and seductively sexy. I twirled round and almost missed the shadowed figure on the next balcony.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you. Joe." He stretched his hand across the gap as he introduced himself.

"Ali." I reached out to his firm grasp and smiled, "I haven't seen you around? I didn't realise John and Trish had moved out."

"They haven't. They're away for a few months, I'm house-sitting." He was still holding my hand. 

"I can't believe I have been here for a week already and didn't know I was living next door to such a beauty."

"Does that ever work?"

"It's true!" He smiled ruefully and released my hand.

I released the breath that I hadn't realised I was holding. The cloud which had been covering the moon moved, and I was treated to my first clear view of him. The guy was a stud! In a loose linen shirt and linen pants it was clear to see he was well put together, his hair, a little long, dropped a lick into his smoky eyes.

He brushed it back absentmindedly, in a way that told me it was habit. His smile reached his eyes as he leaned onto the rail, closing the distance between us. "I came out here to pray for an angel, then saw you and realised I didn't need to."

"Your patter could really use some work," I teased, even as my body was magnetically drawn to drape my balcony railing, closing the distance even more.

"Perhaps you could give me some pointers over a drink?" He raised a questing brow.

"I'm not sure my husband would approve."

"Ahh, a husband. I knew you were too good to be true. But he really should know better than to allow his beautiful wife stroll out alone onto such a romantic setting, dressed so..." He breathed the last word huskily as if I was truly affecting him. "...Seductively."

Blood suffused my face as I realised I was wearing my Victoria Secrets negligee, another failed attempt at generating some lust in Harry. Well it hadn't worked for him, but from the way my neighbour was looking, it certainly wasn't me or the negligee at fault. Suddenly the blood suffusing my face moved much further south, and I realised I had licked my lips as I stared at his eyes. 

"Oh! I am sorry, I didn't think anyone would be out here."

"Please, don't apologise. Never apologise for being beautiful and sexy, I only wished I was as fortunate as your husband."

A snort escaped me before I could prevent it. Again I apologised. "I might as well be wearing a sack for all he notices." I admitted. "He isn't that interested. Thank you for your flattering words, but I know I'm not really sexy, or beautiful. I try, but I just don't turn him on."

A strangled groan from next door had me anxiously reaching across "Are you alright? Are you in some kind of pain?"

"You might say that Angel. I am, to put it extremely crudely, sporting the biggest erection of my life, just by looking at how your luscious curves fill that scrap of satin and lace. Your nipples are growing bigger as I am speaking and you are panting. And I am very much afraid that if you don't stop licking those wonderful succulent lips and looking at me as if I am about to eat you- I just may have to come over there and do just that!"

At his words I felt myself pooling with arousal. A flush crept across my chest and my breath hitched causing my breasts to twitch, and generating another involuntary groan from Joe. I had never been so turned on in my life. Desire for this man flooded me. 

Without stopping to consider the consequences, I closed the patio doors behind me, crossed to the railing and lifted my leg. Heights had never bothered me, and I was supple. Once Joe realised what I was about to do he reached out and helped me across. Once I reached his balcony Joe drew me into his arms, but I pulled back to look at him. I needed him to understand.

"Joe, I have never cheated on Harry, except in my fantasies. I love him and will never leave him. But I have been married for five years now and he has never, never managed to make me climax. I was closer to coming at your words there, than I ever have with Harry inside me. But Joe, I don't want him to be hurt."

He picked me up as if I were some slinky size 0 not a curvy 12, and carried me, unhurriedly into his bedroom. "Let me worship you tonight Angel," He said gruffly. "I will pleasure you as you deserve to be pleasured. And good old Harry will be none the wiser, I promise." He nuzzled my neck and trailed kisses down it, before gently laying me on the bed.

He stood for a moment drinking me in, fuelling my passion. I had never been lusted over, ever, and here was this gorgeous guy who had an erection like an- oh..my..giddy..aunt! I licked my lips nervously, Harry wasn't tiny by any means, but this was... oh my! While I was wondering whether I could manage to fit his wondrous appendage in my mouth, something I had always enjoyed, he leaned in and kissed me. 

Oh boy. I was almost coming already just from the way his tongue was licking my lips, feeling for my tongue and asking it for a slow dance, oh, yes please my tongue begged. His mouth was firm but gentle, his tongue questing but not forceful.

I was tilting my body towards him, magnetised by his touch. A strong hand began to stroke up my side, sliding over the satin to tweak at my nipple. I cried out into his mouth, unable to keep my desire in check. He drew back to look at me and I immediately felt embarrassed by my vocal betrayal. 

"I'm so sorry! I'll try to be quiet." 

He smiled then laughed. "Don't you dare! You cry out, shout out, moan all you want! Do you not realise how arousing it is, to know how much I am turning you on? Good grief, you make me feel like a God! I could make love to you all night, you heavenly creature." 

At that he lowered his mouth this time to my breast, drawing at my nipple through my negligee, I felt it firming almost painfully and when he moved his head to do the same to the other, the chill of the cooling moisture on the satin was almost as erotic as his lips.

While his head had moved down to my breasts, his hand had been seeking further distraction, and stroked its way across my curvy belly, up and down the dip of my hourglass waist, and back across my belly. My legs were already separating by mutual agreement, in anticipation of his next move.

I was too aroused by the tingling of nerve endings as his hands slid up and down the inside of my thighs to be too disappointed he hadn't managed to find my centre. It was a lot to expect, and he was already giving me so much more than Harry ever had.

Lifting his head to kiss me thoroughly once more, his hands again teased and tweaked my nipples, the almost pain had me teetering on the brink. I tried to reach for his erection, but he moved away. 

Tearing himself from my kiss "uh-uh, not yet Angel, maybe later, this one is just about you." His lips again moved down my neck to my chest, but this time, other than a brief re-acquaintance with my nipples, he didn't stop, he carried on down, kissing my soft belly and caressing it as if I truly was an object of worship. 

I nearly stopped breathing when I thought for a wild minute he was going to kiss me lower down, but after brushing his lips across my mound he descended to my feet. Oh my! Thank the lord I had just showered, I couldn't believe he was kissing and oooh myyy goddd licking my instep, a huge shudder ran through me and I squeaked. At his raised brow I remembered I was allowed to make noises and as he French kissed my instep I moaned.

As he began attending the other foot, heat blossomed in my centre and I began to shudder again, I rubbed my thighs together as if to calm the frustrated itch, but if anything I merely aggravated it.

Joe was moving further up my leg by now, and doing something to the inside of my knee which forced an 'Oh my!' from me. He immediately began licking and kissing the back of one knee while teasing a fingertip across the back of another. I was finding it impossible to keep still, my hands were clenching fistfuls of sheet and I was oh, oh oh-ing. 

His tongue slid up the sensitive inside of my thigh, and my knees immediately dropped to the sides, assuming the position my gynaecologist would recognise. As his tongue licked and his lips kissed my thighs, his hands were floating across my core, barely touching, teasing. I found my hips arching of their own accord, trying to increase contact with his questing hand. 

Already feeling more turned on than I had ever felt, I dismissed my selfish desire for his hands to find and touch my clitoris. Harry had occasionally come across it by accident, but then lost it again before managing any serious arousal. Joe, I had hoped, would be better acquainted with the female anatomy; he had certainly found and attended to erogenous zones I hadn't realised before tonight that I owned.

Suddenly I threw myself back into the bed arching my back and cried out "OH MY GOD!" His tongue, His Tongue! Had touched me! Oh! I had heard about this, but while my boyfriends before Harry had allowed me to perform fellatio on them, they had never reciprocated. 

Joe looked up at my wondrous expression. "For a moment there you sounded like no one had ever..." At my tear filled eyes and shaking head he smiled. 

"Oh my." He said huskily, lowering his face once more. 

Light kisses fluttered across my labia, and I came. Loudly! As I continued climaxing I felt his tongue licking my core and I began to shake and quake with renewed spasms of an intensity that I had never known. I wanted to ask him to stop before I died from the pleasure, but the only words I could speak were the sort of profanity one didn't hear before the watershed. 

The one single sober neurone in my brain was shocked by my language and my shameless behaviour, the rest cried out for more. Joe eased away from me, letting me come back to earth and moved up the bed to kiss my lips. For a fleeting moment I was disgusted that he was about to kiss me after being 'there' but as his lips touched mine and I tasted my own musk and sex, I all but came again.

Briefly breaking contact Joe reached for the bedside draw and retrieved a foil square. "I'm er on the pill and er clean." I squeaked, embarrassed. Smiling broadly Joe flung down the foil and joyously began feasting on my lips once more, this time a hand was reaching for my sensitive lips and entering the folds, I moaned into his mouth as his fingers delved into my moistness, and I felt Joes answering smile against my lips. 

A moment later I felt his tip nudging his fingers impatiently out of the way and begin to inch into my tight wet passage. Carefully, gently he worked his way deeper, sliding back and moving further each forward thrust. I could feel myself sheathing him like a tight fist. I felt every bump and vein of his member as it sought to fill me completely.

My knees drew up and I wrapped my legs around his waist and squeezed, trying to draw him into me deeper and faster, my body demanding what I could not have voiced. And then I did. Shocking myself I cried out. "Fuck me Joe, oh my god, fuck me." He responded enthusiastically, thrusting forward until I felt his pelvis touch mine. 

"Yes, my god yes." I cried over and over as he pounded me, climbing yet another crest and free falling into ecstasy, my muscles spasming around him pulling at him each time he withdrew, and suddenly he cried out

"My Angel!" And I felt his throbbing spurts as pushed his climax out. Slowing his thrusts as he emptied, he looked at me in wonder. "My Angel." He repeated huskily as a hand found my cheek and gently wiped away the tears that I hadn't known I had cried.

Rolling onto his back he pulled me with him. I felt his cock twitching inside me as his erection lessened. "I'll squash you." I protested, trying to move, but his arms tightened holding me prisoner. "Silly Angel, you are no weight at all." His hands absently caressed my sides, and I wondered when he would doze off so that I could climb back over the balcony. 

I raised my head to see if he looked near to sleep, but he was wide awake and looking at me as if I truly had descended from heaven. His hands moved up to enclose my face in a tender caress as he drew me into another deep kiss. I felt something stirring in my core and panicked for a second before remembering he was still inside me. 

Was he getting another erection? I tentatively tightened my muscles and was rewarded with a responsive twitch. I continued to squeeze him with my core muscles as he groaned and thrust and called me 'Angel' over and over. It was so erotic, knowing that I was turning him on. I sat up on him, enjoying the novelty of being in control of what he felt. 

I eased myself up and off him, his eyes flew open alarmed, but he relaxed as I just smiled at him and slid down to lick his nipples. He stroked his hands up and down my arms, encouraging but not urging, as I kissed trails down his toned belly. He twitched as I kissed his pubis, and my hand reached for his cock for the first time. I was rewarded with a groan and I felt him engorge further. I could smell our musky mix on him, and lightly touched his sensitive tip with my tongue, feeling him buck underneath me.

I looked up to see him clutching fists full of sheet to stop him pushing me further down. I loved attending to a responsive member, but hated being pushed onto it, so I was relieved he was giving me chance to figure out how best to please such an impressive specimen. 

I kissed and licked down his shaft, only to find myself distracted for a while by the insides of his thighs, which I licked and teased. He was so responsive, I knew instantly when I had done something especially pleasing, and was able to please him further.

I dragged a nail up his perineum causing a 'fuck sake!' and a buck of his hips. "Jesus what was that you just did?" I just smiled and kissed a ball, caressing the other in my hand. I licked and nibbled up the vein in his member, causing it to stand out, rewarded by an "ahh... ahh... ahh..." As I once again reached his tip I licked at the precum oozing out, and used my lips to smear it onto his shaft. 

While I had always enjoyed fellatio, I had never found it so erotic before, I was pooling at the realisation of the pleasure I was causing. I slid my lips down his shaft, taking what I could of him in. as a finger sought and found his sphincter, pressing against its tightness and causing another loud response.

I dragged my nail again along his perineum as I moved my hand up to join my lips on his shaft, moving in tandem to tease him to climax, but as I felt sure he was nearing, he suddenly reached down to me with both hands, I froze, hoping he wouldn't cause me to choke on his member, but instead of pushing, he pulled me up.

"Angel, I want to be inside you again." he pulled me into a kiss and began reaching down. I shook my head against his mouth. I felt wanton; and released my sexuality in a way I never had before. I was also liking this taking charge thing, I drew his hands away from his body with mine, and positioned myself over him so we were tip to tip, barely touching. I gently swished my hips to brush us against each others most sensitive area, almost coming, but holding myself away from him when I got too close to the edge. His groans almost had me over and I knew it was time for a change of pace. Moving forward slightly I felt his tip further down my crease, nudging my entrance, and let him slide in about an inch. I gently caressed that inch with my walls, easing him almost out before drawing him lightly back in.

He groaned with frustrated enjoyment as I teased him, and just as his hands began to clutch at my hips, I suddenly impaled myself fully onto him. He cried out and thrust upwards causing me to climax immediately, he lifted me from him so he could thrust again and again, rubbing against my clitoris with each thrust causing me to spasm further.

Just as I thought I would actually faint from all the sensations he cried out loudly and thrust so frantically that I would have bounced off him if his hands hadn't been gripping me to him. He roared a sound I was sure would be heard downstairs over the music and didn't care as I soared yet again over the cliff.

I collapsed on top of him twitching with aftershocks, feeling his echoing twitches deep inside me. He wrapped his arms around me. "Oh Angel, Angel, I wouldn't have believed that possible. I have never.. not so soon... Oh you temptress." He kissed my head.

I knew that I would have to move soon, but I was too comfortable just now, and I closed my eyes for a moment, sated sexually for the first time in my life. And, I sadly reflected, most likely the only time. It was my last conscious thought for a while.

"Angel, wake up, we dozed off!" At Joes urging I lifted my sleepy head and looked blurrily at him until full conscious returned and I suddenly realised where I was. Without the lust filled guiltlessness of arousal, I was suddenly mortified at what I had done with a stranger, a neighbour for goodness sake, someone who could destroy my marriage with a few words.
