 It was a bright, sunny day, unusually cool for late August, but beautiful nonetheless. Melissa walked along the boardwalk, trying to shake off the sadness that seemed to have crept into her bones over the last few weeks. Everywhere she looked she saw lovers: sitting on the grass feeding each other from paper plates, cuddling on benches, walking hand in hand, newlyweds having their photos taken beneath the white garden arch, parents watching their kids on the playground.

Melissa sighed. It had been so long since she'd been with anyone. Her last date had been a year ago and it had ended badly. She'd attended six of her friends' weddings in the last two months. She was beginning to wonder whether she was destined to spend the rest of her life alone.

She stood on the boardwalk looking out at the lake for a while, letting her thoughts wander. She turned to head back home when she came into contact with what felt like a brick wall.  The man grabbed Melissa's arm to keep her from falling. Her skin tingled at the contact.

"I'm sorry," she said nervously, to the stranger she'd bumped into. Melissa was a fairly tall woman but had to tilt her head back to look the man in the face. He had to be 6'3" tall. He had short, brown hair and brown eyes. He also sported a goatee. Melissa had a weakness for men with facial hair. 

"Are you all right?" the man asked in a deep baritone voice. Melissa felt her knees go weak. "Whoa, easy there." He tightened his grip on her arm as he placed the other on the small of her back. Melissa could feel her panties dampening. 

"I'm fine," Melissa said, embarrassed. "I just got a little lightheaded, that's all. I haven't eaten since lunch." 

"Let's go sit down on the bench," the man said, guiding her to a bench in the nearby gazebo. He helped her sit down. 

As she sat down, he took the opportunity to get a good look at her. She was a very beautiful woman, long brown and green eyes. She was tall, probably about 5'9". She had the longest legs he'd ever seen. He felt himself growing hard at the thought of those long legs wrapped around him as he drove himself deep inside her. 

"Thank you," Melissa said, looking at him.  "You're welcome. My name's Sean, by the way," he said, extending his hand.

"Melissa," she said, placing her hand in his. His large hand seemed to swallow hers. She wondered what that hand would feel like touching other places on her body, like her increasingly damp pussy. 

"So, Melissa, what brings you out here today?" Sean asked, trying to diffuse the tension between them. 

"Just trying to clear my head," she answered, moving away from him slightly. "How about you?"

"I was on my way home from work," Sean replied. "I decided to walk along the boardwalk before heading home."

"What do you do?" Melissa asked, truly interested in his response.

"I'm a construction worker," Sean said. "How about you?"

"I'm a high school English teacher," Melissa replied. They talked for a while, as the sun began to set.

"Would you like to grab some dinner?" Sean asked. "I know a nice little restaurant just up the street." 

"Sure," Melissa said. They stood and walked a few short blocks to the restaurant. After a wonderful dinner of roasted chicken and rosemary potatoes, Sean offered to drive Melissa home. She accepted the ride. They drove in a comfortable silence, only speaking when Sean needed directions. 

When they got to Melissa's, Sean got out of the car and walked around to Melissa's door. He opened it and offered her a helping hand. Placing her hand in his, she felt the now-familiar jolt of attraction ripple through her body. Chancing a glance at Sean's face, she saw that he was equally affected. Sean walked her to the door.

"It's been a wonderful evening," Melissa said, after unlocking the door. 

"It has," Sean said. "I'm very glad we bumped into each other this afternoon." They both laughed. Melissa offered her hand and Sean shook it. Throwing caution to the wind, Melissa leaned forward and softly kissed him. After a startled second, Sean wrapped his arms around Melissa's waist and pulled her close. He slipped his tongue into her mouth, exploring it. Melissa put her arms around his neck as her tongue tangled with Sean's. She pressed her body against him as he slid his hands down her back, cupping her ass.

"Would you like to come inside?" she asked, pulling away, both of them knowing what she meant. Sean nodded. They went into the house and Melissa locked the door. As soon as she turned around, she found herself back in his arms as his mouth captured hers again. She pulled her jacket off and it landed on the floor. She reached for Sean's belt and fly, quickly undoing them and pushing his jeans and boxers down and off, exposing his rock hard cock. As she was doing this, he made quick work of her jeans and panties, pushing them off. She stepped out of them as he pushed her against the door. Cupping her ass, Sean lifted Melissa and entered her swiftly. She moaned at the sweet invasion as his large manhood filled her tight, wet pussy. 

"You're so tight," he said, as he began to thrust. "You feel so good." He kissed her deeply as he drove his hard cock in and out of her. As they both got close to cumming, he withdrew and turned her around, placing both her hands on the door. He stroked her dripping pussy, making her moan.

"Please, Sean," Melissa begged. "I need you inside me again." He slipped three fingers deep inside her and began sliding them in and out. 

"Like this?" Sean teased, pumping his fingers in and out of her. 

"Oh God, Sean!" Melissa cried as she came, her body clenching around his fingers. She felt her juices flowing over his fingers as he withdrew them. She had just started to catch her breath when she felt the head of his cock rubbing along her slit. Sean coated his cock with her juices and then plunged into her still-dripping center. She cried out in ecstasy as he thrust hard and fast.

"Oh my God, Melissa, you are so hot!" Sean said as he pushed himself deeper. Melissa pushed herself against him and bent forward even more to take him as deep as she could. She'd only had two lovers before him and neither of them had filled her like Sean. He grabbed her hips, digging his fingers into her flesh as he continued to thrust deeper and harder.

Melissa felt her body tighten as her second climax hit her like a ton of bricks. She cried out his name as she tightened around him. He thrust one more time, burying himself as deep as he could get as he filled her with his cum. Her contractions milked every last drop from him. Sean slipped his cock from Melissa's body and turning her around, took her into his arms and kissed her softly. She put her arms around him and returned the kiss.

"Do you want me to leave?" Sean asked, searching Melissa's face for signs of regret.

"No," she said. "Please stay." Sean scooped Melissa up into his arms and following her directions, carried her into her bedroom. He placed her on the bed and lay down beside her. Holding her in his arms, they fell asleep, waking several times to make love.