 "So you're going to be like that, are you?" Mia said to Jake. She shook her head, disgusted at him.

"Well, you know, seeing how I wasn't good enough for you. I don't know any other way to be." he responded angerily.

"What in the hell are you talking about? Not good enough?"

"I was good enough to make out with, yeah sure. But when it came down to it, I just wasn't good enough. He was though, huh?" Jake looked away.

"You've got to be shitting me? That's what this little attitude is about? Because I slept with Travis and not you?"

"Well you know how it is. You wanted to take things slow with me, probably so slow that there are snails somewhere in America are probably fucking. But with him, I guess that's a different story."

"Stop it. You and Travis are two completely different stories."

"You're damn right we are. I was born in the same decade as you. I don't look old enough to be your grandfather." Jake turned back to her. She looked at him and was almost afraid of the look in his eyes.

"He's not that old. He's only 40 years old." she responded, taking a step back from him.

"Fine, he's only old enough to be your father. Is that better?"

"Stop being so jealous, Jake. You should be flattered, really."

"This ought to be a good one. Tell me? Why should I be flattered that you'd rather have sex with a wrinkly old man then with me?"

"It was just sex with him. I was feeling lonely and I needed to get laid. Yes, I thought of you. But with you I wanted to take it slow because it would have meant more. Not just another roll in the sheets. I know with you I wouldn't have just been another notch on your bed pole like I am with him," she responded trying to look in his eyes.

"And you didn't think you could come to me?"

"Honestly no. You're too much of a nice guy just for that." she responded softly.

"I see." Jake paused as he thought for a minute. "Well, would a nice guy as you put it do this?" Jake didn't wait for an answer. Instead he stepped forward and wrapped his arms around Mia and kissed her, shoving his tongue deep into her mouth. At first she was surprised. She tried to push him off but he was too strong. Jake leaned her against the front door, holding his body against hers. He groped at her breasts through her shirt. 

"Jake! No! Stop it! Don't do this!" Mia screamed. She could feel him poking her stomach. It felt so hard against her. He started kissing her neck as he slid his hands under her shirt to get a better grip at her. Mia could feel her body surrendering to his advances. She was no longer pushing against his chest, instead she seemed to be gripping it softly in her hands. 

Mia looking into his eyes. There was a slight pause between them. Mia grabbed him by his shirt and pulled her back against her, kissing him as deeply as he kissed her previously. He quickly raised her shirt up, letting her round breasts fall free. He quickly loosened her bra and exposed her milky white skin. Her nipples were hard. She could feel herself getting damp between her legs as she tasted his tongue probing her mouth. She reached under his shirt and felt him jump as her fingertips made contact with his chest. 

Mia's hands raised his shirt and dropped it on the floor. She played with his nipples as he bent forward to kiss hers. She let her fingers drop from his chest down his stomach and casually stroking him between his legs. She moaned when she felt him. It felt even harder then when it first poked her. Mia unzipped his pants and lowered them to the floor. Quickly she disgarded the shirt and bra completely. 

Jake guided her to the couch. She leaned over the couch, her arms spread wide open for balance. She felt him reach around her and unzip her pants. She stepped out of them. He quickly dropped her panties down too. Mia stood before him, completely nude. She looked over her shoulder and bit her lip, giving him a seductive look. Her eyes glanced down as he stepped out of his boxers.

Jake stepped closer, pushing slowly inside her. He grabbed her hips and pushed forward. Mia moaned as he entered her. He kissed her neck as his hands grabbed her full breasts. Mia pushed back against him, humping the corner of the couch as he slid in and out.

He pinched her nipples in his strong hands as he shifted his body weight. He began moving faster inside her. Mia felt so naughty, caught up in this moment. She never expected this kind of behavior from Jake. It was turning her on more then she expected. He licked her neck as he slid in out of her. Mia was panting. She felt like she was in fire as he took her from behind. Her breasts bounced up and down, being held in his palms as her body thrust back and forward. She could feel his breath on her ear.

"This is how you like it, isn't it?" he whispered softly in her ear.

"Yes." was all she could respond. Words seemed meaningless. All she wanted was him.

"That's what I thought. Such a naughty girl!," he hissed at her. Mia kept thrusting her hips against his in response. Jake dropped one hand from her breast to between her legs. He could feel himself sliding in and out of her. He rubbed in between his legs, pushing his fingers faster and faster. 

Mia felt the explosion building inside her. She knew that if he didn't stop rubbing her clit she was going to burst. And she didn't want him to stop. She wanted to feel naughty. She pushed back against him, feeling him in every part of her body. She tilted her head down, exposing more neck for him to kiss and lick and nibble. Mia wanted Jake to own every part of her body.

Jake continued to play with her. He thrust his hips into her, one hand still holding her bouncing breasts, the other teasing between her legs. He would continue to whisper dirty things in her ear. Mia felt sweaty all over as she exploded. Her moans filled the room as she leaked all over his crotch and down her legs. Her knees went weak as she felt him pull out of her.

Mia half turned, looking over her should to see why he was no longer buried deep inside her. She saw him jerking off. It didn't take long before he erupted. The hot cum flew from him, landing on her back and dripping down her skin. She shivered as she felt his release.

Jake fell back onto the couch, sitting. Mia stood for another second, still feeling his cum dripping down her back. She looked at him, all red and sweaty. She fell next to him on the couch.

"I guess I had you all wrong." she said. "You're not the nice guy I thought you were." and with that she kissed him, climbing on to his lap....