 It was a Friday night when my buddy Kris called and asked me to come out to a few bars with he and few friends. I resisted the notion at first. Kris was a fairly rambunctious party boy and the friends; while I hadn't met them I knew they would be a rowdy bunch as well. My nights out with Kris often ended with a head in the gutter passing out while my friends tried to drag into the house. I didn't have a great alcohol tolerance and it had been a long time since I'd been out, it'd also been a long time since I'd seen Kris and I felt I owed him. Reluctantly I agreed I'd be in the city in half an hour. I threw on a long shirt and jeans. The cab turned up a lot quicker than I had anticipated so I was pulling on my last shoe while hopping down the driveway to meet the cabbie. 

On the ride into the city I called Kris to tell him I was on my way. He too was in a cab headed for the city but from the Eastern side of the CBD. 

"Where am I meeting you?" I asked. 

"126 George Street. Bar called 'The Parliament'" he replied. I hung up and relayed the info to the cabbie. Kris was already out front with his friends when I pulled up. There were four older looking guys and Kris smoking near the door talking to the bouncer. I shook hands with all of them and we made our way inside. At the top of a flight of stairs I could smell the mix of booze and sweat that wafted up from the underground bar. The music thumped up towards us. Inside the place was full of people swarming and dancing. I'd never been there before and I was nervous and excited, it was that light butterfly sensation of a new club that gets dowsed by a couple of drinks. 

We made our way over to the bar Kris ordered some of the local flavour and watched as the chesty barmaid took two glass jars and filled them with vodka, lemonade, raspberry cordial, ice and an energy drink. It was like a fire-engine but with a sour aftertaste, I was pretty taken with it and I liked the novelty. I could feel the music thumping through the jar. After another two jars the butterflies were gone but I needed to piss, I slipped from the bar into a bathroom. When I returned, Kris and the others were gone from the bar area. I headed up towards the dance floor which was on a raised platform with a rail running around it. As I approached I squeezed between the bar and a group of people. As I passed I felt a slim hand slap my butt-cheek. I spun to see one a girl grinning and giggling with one of her friends. I smiled back. She was short and blonde, she was a little bigger but I liked that in girls. It gave them that great curve in their waist and they usually had bigger breasts. Her eyes were huge, green looking straight at mine.

I could tell she was making the same assessments about me. I worked out but I wasn't one of those humungous gym junkies, I just liked to stay in shape. I had a low body fat index so my muscles were obvious and definite. As I turned to walk up to the dance floor I saw her bite her lip lightly. I made a mental note of her blue dress in case I was drunk when I saw her next. There was actually a pretty good ratio of girls to guys tonight. On the dance floor the guys had already meshed with a group of people and danced to a remix of an old 90's song. As I danced I took great swigs of my jar and let my body succumb to the music. I've always been a fairly reserved guy but when I go out and drink with my pals it's like I flick a switch and become this wild shameless animal. It's a sensation I love at the time but feel embarrassed about in the morning.

Another song went by and Kris tapped me on the arm with his empty jar, it was my round. I downed the rest of my drink and headed to the bar. I could feel the alcohol starting to make my head swim. While the barmaid poured the drinks I heard a voice over the music. 

"Hi" It was a woman. I turned and the deep intoxicating eyes of the handsy blonde met mine. 

"Hey it's you. The girl form before right?" I said back. She smiled wryly. 

"Yeah, I wanted to get your attention. I saw you when you came in with that group of guys" I was taken back no girl was ever so quick with me. 

"Well you've got it now" I went to tell her my name but she shushed me and touched my chin. 

"No names" She said. I wasn't used to women being so forward and rushing into touching my face. It really put me off balance; I was out of my depth here. Usually I'd have to make the first move. I liked this though.

"Do you wanna dance?" I said. I was a shark when it came to women; I'd circle in a spiral moving in for the kill. Drawn by the scent of blood, only the inescapable urge to get my fill driving me. Much like a shark I wasn't gentle with new girls when it came to the kill, I wanted them to know I was there. Sometimes my need to satisfy them wholly became more important than my fill. I'd spent quite a few nights eating a girl out for half an hour or more, rubbing and stroking and licking while they squirm and moan at my touch.

"Let's go then" the nameless blonde said and started to the dance floor. I brought my jars. Handing one off to Kris, the blonde took me by the hand and pulled me to her. I put my hand on her waist and felt that perfect set of sweet curves. She had her hands running across my back, surveying the muscles there. We ground our bodies together to the rhythm of the music thudding through the floor. This close I could see she was taller than I thought, in her heels she was nearly the same height as me. I could see down her dress at her cleavage. 

Her breasts were nice, I guessed around a C cup and they were perked up nicely. She leant back and ran her hands from my shoulders down my chest to my belt. I grabbed her supple butt with one hand and the other still planted on her waist. She looked up at me. At my belt she lifted the tail of my shirt and ran her hands up my body. Her hands were cold from her drink and I broke into goosebumps "Wow" she said feeling my abs. The song cut and the DJ did a quick shout-out before starting the next one. We all cheered.

The next song was one of those club songs about how sexy the girls in the club are. Looking around quickly I saw Kris and he gave me a thumbs up at the mystery blonde. I raised my drink in approving response before taking another swig. The blonde moved in close against me and grabbed my hips as she ground herself against my thigh. I could feel her mound running up and down my leg. My penis was pressed against her thigh in the same motion. It was turning me on. I wanted this girl in my bed tonight. I wanted to see her curves free from her dress and have her breasts pressed into my face. She leant towards me and I felt the warm wetness of her lips on my neck, then a hard pinch as she bit me very lightly. I liked it. I buried my face against her neck the best I could with our height difference. Her perfume filled my nose and mouth, she smelt amazing; some kind of fruit scent. I could feel my heart pounding in my dick; I was starting to get hard. She paused for a second as she felt my shaft tense against her thigh. 

She looked up at me and threw her arms around my neck, this was my favourite part. There's always that wild excitement where no matter how much you've had to drink the butterflies come back and your heart pounds in your chest as your faces creep closer together and you begin to smell each other's warm breath. No matter how bright the lights are you can see the infinite intricate detail of your partner's irises. Her lips pressed to mine and I was drunk, not on the alcohol in my veins or on her breath, drunk on her scent, dizzy on the heat from her mouth and I was overwhelmed by her body. We kissed and danced while the pressure continued to swell in my pants. She pulled away from me and turned to rub her ass against my groin. Looking down at the round humps of her behind I saw the wet patch on my jeans where she was grinding my thigh. She was wet; she wanted me as much as I wanted her. She teased and rubbed my erection with her butt. 

My hands circled her waist and moved up to her breasts. 

I kissed at the sweep of her neck and squeezed her ample melons while she pumped against me, both of us working to the music. I sucked at her earlobe. 

"You have a great body" I said over the music. 

"So do you" she replied arching her neck. I sucked down another mouthful of my jar. Again I glanced around, I couldn't see anyone. I glanced at my watch. I'd been rubbing against this girl for over an hour. My hand slipped down across her stomach past the hem of her dress and onto her thigh. I squeezed there and let my hand run up her inner thigh then back down, I felt her body tense. Her hands slipped between our bodies and grabbed at my jeans, my dick was pounding in her hands. My hand ran back up her leg to her moist panties, my fingers ran along the cloth covered folds of her pussy lips. She was so warm you'd swear she had been sitting on a wet stove.

She moaned in my ear. I gently pulled her underwear to one side and ran my finger up her slot to her clit; I started to make small circles around the bump. 

"Oh fuck" she squealed her labia was smooth and hairless, I couldn't wait to plant my mouth on it. In our groping we had almost completely stopped dancing. I wanted to get her home; I also needed a new drink. I shook the empty jar in her eye line. She turned and nodded. She took my hand down to the bar. I placed the empty jar on the bar and leant over to her with one hand clasping her buttocks. 

"Let's get out of here" I said. She looked into my eyes. She could see the desire in them, the shark just waiting to please her. She bit her lip and started to walk to the exit. 

"You coming?" she asked. I began to follow obediently. I spotted Kris as he exited the bathroom. He looked from me to the blonde and back again. He hi-fived me and cheered as I passed. 

Outside it was unseasonably warm and humid; the ground was glistening with old rain. My blonde and I managed to get a cab pretty quickly. I gave the cabbie my address and sat in the back with my girl. She grabbed my head and twisted it to kiss me. Her hands were slim and soft but strong. Her tongue slipped into my mouth and her hands clamped around my neck. I grabbed her breast and held her close with another hand around her waist. I kept catching the cabbie glancing back at us. I didn't care at all. If I had a condom with me I would've fucked her in the cab.

I could feel her nipple prick up as I squeezed her tit. The taxi pulled onto the motorway and accelerated. I was almost home, I was about to let the shark loose. I felt her hand fall into my lap and squeeze my dick. She stopped kissing me and looked me in the eye. 

"You've got a lot here baby. I want you to fuck me" We groped and squeezed and kissed til we got back to my place. I took her hand and led her up the driveway to into my apartment. I flicked on a couple lights and she flicked her heels across the room. I led her into the bedroom. We fell onto the bed with her straddling me. She was going wild, grinding hard against the bulge in my jeans. I kicked my shoes and socks off as I lifted her dress off.

Those great curves I'd been loving all night were bare and beautiful. She unbuttoned my shirt, hands zipped down my shirt. She ran her hands over my body and growled with delight. Her hips were gyrating against me in firm short thrusts; I think she had a shark of her own. I squeezed her ass and ran my hands up her sides and undid her bra with one snap. She slid out of it and let her gorgeous jugs free. Her nipples were firm and pink, the left one had a silver bar piercing; I'd missed that earlier. I sat up and rolled one in my fingers and licked the other, feeling it go hard in between my lips and enjoying the weight of her breasts. She moaned and pressed my head into her smooth mounds. 

My erection was reaching melting point as her juices began to seep into my jeans, the room smelt wholly of her pussy and her perfume. I kissed her and rolled her onto her back, it was time for me to hump and thrust against her. I began to kiss my way down her body, descending down the brilliant peaks of 'mystery blonde'.

"What's your name?" I asked. 

"No, no names baby. Just fuck me" she said pushing my face down towards the warm furnace of her crotch. I pulled her underwear down her legs and onto the floor. 

Her pussy was shaven and glistening with her juices, her clit was bigger than any I'd ever seen. I looked her in the eye as I dipped my finger into her soft hole; she breathed deeply and arched her back. I pushed in a second finger and began to work in a 'come hither' motion against the inside of her pussy. She moaned longingly as a squishing noise rose from her opening, I was fingering her so firmly her tits were bouncing in rhythm. She tensed up and began to buck against my hand; she was squealing and playing with her nipples. It was pushing me over the edge, I felt like my cock was about to split my Levi's in half and explode. I unzipped my jeans with my free hand and pushed my underwear down to my knees. My cock sprang up and throbbed with anticipation, seeing it the blonde came in a wailing orgasm. Her cum dripped down my fingers and the smell filled the room. She relaxed for a moment before grabbing me by the hair and shoving my face into her hot cunt. 

"Eat me. Eat me whole. Fucking devour me!".

I did, the shark was out now. I started finger-fucking her tight pussy and took her clit in my mouth and sucked it lovingly. The smooth skin of her labia rubbing my lips. My free hand grabbed her round ass cheek as she held me pushed into her hot folds. I could hear in her grateful moans and whimpers that she was ready to come again. I withdrew my fingers and grabbed her other cheek and lifted her butt up from the bed spread and doubled her over, her toes hooked the rails of my headboard. She could see my tongue working her moist hole. I was licking from the he gaping hole up to her clit then jabbing into her hole and riding up again. I looked her in the eyes as I slurped at her. In was like a dog drinking water from a bowl. She started to come.

"Oh my God, that's so goddamn good. Oh fuck meeeeee!" I could taste her sweet pussy juice flowing, It was starting to run down her ass-crack and down to her belly button. 

I wanted to spend all night with my face buried in her hot cunt but she wanted me to fuck her. I kicked my remaining clothes to the floor and lowered her butt back to the bed. I leaned across to my nightstand and found a rubber. She stopped me before I put it on. 

"Not yet baby. Bring that dick up here" I straddled her chest; my balls were touching her chest and the head of my cock on her chin. She took me into her mouth and started to slurp down my length leaving a slick of saliva. Her head bobbed back and forth sucking down most of my veiny shaft, she was gulping me down. Her wide tongue was flicking the head of my penis, doing circles then going back and forth over my tip. Her hands grabbed my butt-cheeks and started to push and pull me back and forth, fucking her mouth with my rod. I wanted to just come all over her face but I controlled myself.

She took one hand to play with my balls and the other started to rhythmically squeeze my shaft with my thrusts. At this point we were both sweating with pleasure. I groaned at how her squeezing was pushing blood up into my dick head making me more sensitive to her mouth work. In one quick movement I climbed down off her and thrust into her slick opening bareback .She cried out, I thought maybe I'd pushed too hard and hurt her. 

"Are you okay?" I asked breathlessly, she paused and sighed.

"I think I just came again" I laughed a little and smiled. I pulled out slowly then dove into her again she cried out, savouring the wet heat emanating from her slippery pussy.

I started to pump away, her legs circled around my waist. I kissed her and the flavours of her juice and my pre-cum melded as our tongues danced together. We grunted and moaned through closed lips. My forehead was pressed to hers and my vision was filled with her emerald eyes, filled with desire. I was fucking her with full strokes of my length, our bodies slapped together at the end of each thrust. My pubic bone hit her firm clitoris and my balls slapped her ass. 

Her fingernails dug into my back, I buried my face in her neck and drew in her perfume and the smell of her sweat. I kissed and sucked at her neck. 

"You feel so good" I said muffled in her hair. 

"How good baby? Tell me" she said licking my ear, making me shiver. 

"Amazing, you're so wet and hot. I fucking love your body, you're gorgeous" she purred. I sat up and lifted her legs up to my shoulders, she felt so much tighter this way. Looking now her pussy was framed by her thighs with her pussy swallowing my girth. She massaged her breasts as I thrust, twisting the piercing there. I reached down and started to rub her bulging clit, wet with her juice my thumb criss-crossed the little bump in quick firm motions. 

"Oh fuck me from behind. I love that" She cried, I pulled out as she got on all fours and lifted her ass to me. Sliding in she grunted gratefully as me member filled her up. As I thrust I reached around to stroke her clit. Her ass rippled at my hips hitting them. Between her pert cheeks I spied the pucker of her ass hole.

My bed creaked and the room was filled with the smell of cum and sweat, no more perfume just the smell of sex. 

"Spank me!" she said. I planted a firm smack across one pale cheek leaving a red hand print. 

"Again, harder" I lay another wide hand across her backside. She was pumping her body back against mine meeting halfway with my thrust. I spanked her three more times and she shook with another orgasm, so satisfied with this one she bent down and squealed into my pillow. Her cum was running down her thighs now. 

I was going to come soon; I wanted my cream all over those big tits of hers. I started to grunt and fuck her faster to let her know I was nearing the end. I spanked her once more and rolled her onto her back then straddled her chest again. She took her hand to me and jerked me hard and fast, my balls shrank and I came so hard my ear drums popped. My cum exploded in long strings onto her lips with the first pump, her chest with the second and her tits with the last three. I groaned and collapsed beside her. My cock was pounding, covered in a few drips of my thick orgasm. I looked over at her as she licked her lips and slowly slurped up my cum from her body. 

"That was incredible" I gasped.

"My God yes" she said swallowing and throwing one leg and an arm across me. We sweated and panted in relieved ecstasy beside each other. I got up to open a window and let the heat out, she caught me by the hand. 

"No I want the smell to stay in here" This girl really knew where my buttons where. I was gunna give her a second root in the morning. We slept beside each other, naked and entangled in the hot sex stained air. 

When I woke I was alone on the bed. I looked around, she was gone. I got up and looked in the living room and the bathroom. She was gone, she must've left early. I flopped back on the bed really disappointed, I had fun with her. I know she said no names, no identities but I wanted to see her again. She was cute and dynamite in bed. I sighed and rolled over. On my night stand was a post-it note stuck to my phone, it had the name Jessica, a phone number and a couple x's and o's. Her cotton underwear was hanging from by bedside lamp. That Friday was three months ago. I've slept with Jessica every night since then, taken her roughly and sometimes gentle, taking the time to breathe her in absorb her body and let her mesh with me, sometimes the shark turns out to be one of the filter-feeding kinds. Perfectly content to slowly roam and spend all day getting his fill.
