 I was driving from a dinner where 50 friends had gathered. I organize these dinners every month at a local restaurant. 40 had RSVPed for this dinner and there were more people than were expected. Needless to say, things had been a bit harried and I was still feeling the adrenaline pumping. I called Tom, my boyfriend of 10 months, on my cell phone from the car. I had awoken him from a nap. It was only 8:15 p.m., but he had been working long hours at his job for the past few months. We chatted and I told him I was frazzled from the dinner. 

He suggested, "Have a glass of wine when you get your nightly bath. Or, maybe you could use something else." 

I jokingly asked, "Are you going to come over and give it to me?" We both laughed.

Little did he know what I had been planning all day. About 8 months ago, Tom revealed that one of his fantasies was to have a woman come to his house unannounced and without exchanging any words, have her way with him.  

He said, "It would be like a booty call. Like this woman needed it bad and wanted me to give it to her". 

I told him, "In my opinion, it would be a fuck-no-go. She would be there for one reason only, to get fucked thoroughly. No pleasantries, just fuck me hard and fast."  

I tucked this information in the back of my mind and knew it was something I wanted to do for him when the time was right. I woke up that morning, knowing that it would be the perfect time to make his dream a reality. I had fun all day, thinking about what I would do and how I would do it. Just knowing I was going to make him happy and fulfill his fantasy was enough to make me happy and build anticipation. 

I kept him on the phone for my entire drive to his house, making sure he didn't fall back to sleep. When I pulled in the driveway, I said, "I have to hang up now. I am on the back roads to my house and need to concentrate." 

He replied, "Call me once you get settled in your bubble bath." 

Earlier, when I went to the restroom at the restaurant, I had taken off my panties. I wore a skirt and blazer that I had worn to work.  

I approached his house and it was dark. I stepped on the porch and knocked on the door. No response. I banged again. Finally, he came to the door and saw me smiling. He opened the door and sleepily asked, "What are you doing here?" 

I just smiled and grabbed his head and pulled him close to me so I could give him a long, passionate kiss. I could tell I had surprised him. 

He then said as if in a daze, "I have to pee."

I used this time to remove my blazer and to go into the living room. 

Tom loves my big tits and he knows how sensitive my nipples are and how much pleasure they bring me. I also know he likes when I leave my bra on and bring each tit out of its cup. I did this, and let my round tits hang over my shirt. When he came into the living room, he found me holding my tits up to him and rubbing the nipples. He walked over to me and began sucking one. His hands roamed my ass feeling the nakedness beneath my skirt. I gave my ass a little wiggle that I know turns him on. I then reached for his cock and started touching it. As he was kissing my neck, I pulled his face to mine and kissed him aggressively. My hand was behind his head, holding him there while I stroked his cock. He knew I meant business.

I moved him to the sofa and soon he was ready to go. His cock was so hard and stiff. I enjoy stroking him when he is rock hard.  I laid on the sofa, on my back with my knees bent and my skirt up with my tits hanging out of my shirt. I gave him that look that tells him I am ready for some good fucking. His cock entered my pussy to find it slick and warm. 

"This is turning me on as much as it is him," I thought. 

He pumped my pussy as we looked at each other, neither of us saying a word. I am usually quite loud and vocal during sex and it was hard for me not to utter any words or make any sounds. We continued to fuck and as he drove his big cock into me, my pussy quivered around it. I was pushing my pussy into him; my knees spread and almost touching my nose, letting him know without words that I was enjoying the pounding he was giving me. With a groan, he gave one last thrust and came, spraying his cum on my belly. He got up and reached for a tissue and handed me some. 

I cleaned up and stood, rearranged my clothes and walked away without a backward glance. I put on my blazer and headed out the door. I got into my car and said out loud to myself, "Who was that masked woman?" and chuckled. 

I believe the entire encounter took less than 15 minutes. I was smiling the whole way home. When I got home there was a message on my answering machine. It was from Tom. His message said, "Call me when you get in, I have this great dream to tell you about." 

I called him and he told me that he was in shock. "You got me good," he said. "I am still processing what happened." He continued, "When I watched you walk to the driveway I thought, that sure is one sexy woman."  

I told him, "I am so glad I surprised you. It was fun knowing I was going to do this. Today, I spent a lot of time daydreaming about it. It was exciting for me, too. I was wet by the time I got to your house, just thinking about what I was going to do. I notice your cock had no trouble slipping into that juicy pussy."  

He exclaimed, "You felt good, hon. You can do that again anytime you want to!" 

It's been a few weeks since our voiceless encounter and we still reminisce about how much fun it was. I did remind him about my stranger in a bar fantasy and hope one day soon, he will surprise me. Not with a stranger, but with him playing the part of the stranger.