 Looking back I know I shouldn't have done what I did, but the reality of it is I have no regrets. Ya so my son's girlfriend's mom and I are having an affair, but hey, if no one finds out it won't hurt anyone right? It started out by accident, ya we had flirted big time and even crossing the line sometimes but never when others were around. Then one night she called me and asked if we could meet to talk about the kids. I said no problem at all and that I would pick her up if she wanted looked great as she got into my car. 

It was a warm summer night and you could tell a storm was coming and she was dressed for the warm weather, in a nice summer dress that was low cut enough to hint at cleavage but not really show it and was just long enough to show some legs and but keep her cool. Since neither of us are really coffee drinkers we decided to just go to the school near her house and have the talk. They had some picnic tables out in the yard and since it was nice and there was no rain yet we decided to go and sit at one of the tables. There wasn't anything of real concern just some stuff she wanted me to know about and I passed some stuff off to her too. 

I was having a hard time listening to her while we talked because I keep noticing that the hem of her skirt kept rising up showing her long smooth legs. I was just glad it was kinda dark out because I was starting to get harder and harder as we talked. My cock really jumped when she just touched my leg as we talked. All of a sudden there was a chill in the air and I couldn't help but stare as her nipples became rock hard. I tried to pay attention but it was very difficult. She finally had enough and cupped her breasts and asked if I like what I saw. All I could do was nod my head as I watched her start playing with her nipples. 

Starting to unbutton her top asking if I want to see them, and all I could say was please. I moved a little bit closer to her as she brought out her nipples and started to play. She had each nipple between her fingers, rolling them, getting them rock hard. I was starting to get light headed and I couldn't help it, I leaned over and flicked my tongue over her fingers and nipple. She released her nipple from her fingers and I sucked it into my mouth, holding it between my teeth and flicking my tongue quickly over it. I move a bit closer and feel her part her thighs and as I suck more of her breast into my mouth I start to run my hand up her leg. Slowly I leave her nipple and slowly kiss my way up her breast to her neck. 

I hear a loud moan escape her lips as I start to nibble on her neck, kissing and brushing the tip of my tongue over her naked skin. My tongue is tingling as I taste her skin. My mouth finds her's and our tongues start to dance. Nikki moans into my mouth as my fingers brush against the wet spot of her panties. 

Just as I push the panties aside and graze her moist lips, the heavens seem to open up. I quickly slam two fingers deep inside her and Nikki's scream of excitement gets drowned out by a loud thunder clap. That seems to excite both of us even more. I can feel her pussy milking my fingers as I suck on her bottom lip. 

I finally break away from her lip, not really wanting to but I'm craving her pussy. I sit her on top of the table and start kissing my way up her thigh. 

By now the rain was hammering down and Nikki looked amazing soaking wet when she was lit up by the lightening. My cock was begging to be released and it jumped even more when I ran my finger tips over her rain soaked naked pussy. It felt so smooth, I just played with it for a bit before lowering my mouth to her aching pussy. I'm not sure who was more excited about that first lick. I spread her pussy lips apart and dove my tongue deep into her juices and flattened my tongue out and did a slow lick up to her hard little clit. I started to flick the tip of my tongue over her clit and slid first two fingers into her pussy. I couldn't believe how good she tasted. I was tempted to just stand up and fuck her hard right at that point but the way her body was bucking against my face was so hot I didn't want to leave her pussy. I dove my tongue back into her pussy, fucking her as hard as I could with my tongue. I reached up with my juice soaked fingers and offered them to her. The way she sucked and licked them clean told me that I would be going nuts if I got to fuck her mouth. Her soft tongue snaked around my fingers finding all the juices, and then she wrapped her lips around my fingers and bobbed up and down like she was sucking my cock. I could tell she was enjoying it as well because her juices started to flow even more out and cover my tongue, she tasted so fucking good. I moved back up to her clit, sucking it between my lips and started back to flicking it with my tongue. I could tell from her moans she was getting close and just when I thought she was about to cum she grabbed the back of my head and pulled me away. 

"Your turn." was all she said. So we switched positions. My pants were quickly tossed aside. A moan came from deep down as her hands caressed my cock, just her finger tips, slowly down to my balls. That is where she started with her tongue. Taking them into her mouth gently sucking and licking them. I couldn't believe how good it felt, I could feel the precum already leaking out of my cock. As she was massaging my balls with her skilled tongue, Nikki started to slowly stroke my cock. She had me so hard, I couldn't wait to feel her mouth on my cock and she didn't have me waiting too long. Taking her hand off my cock she started to lick, kiss and nibble her way up to the head of my cock, and in one motion took it deep into her mouth. I almost blew my load right there, but it felt so good I wanted it to keep going on. I could tell she had watched a lot of porn because she was sucking me and stroking me at the same time like in the movies and it was driving me nuts. Her other hand was still stroking my balls. They felt so tight that I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer unless I did something soon. For now tho I just kept enjoying her tongue and mouth massaging my cock. 

Finally I had to pull her mouth away I wanted her to keep it up but I needed to change things so I could last longer. I laid down on the top of the table and helped her up. Fuck I love 69ing and she went right at it. The site of her pussy and ass lowering down onto my face is something I'll always remember, fucking gorgeous. 

She jumped a bit when I tongued her ass but I couldn't help it. And then I went back to tonguing her pussy. It was so damn wet, even in the rain I could tell. Stiffening my tongue I started to fuck her pussy and she responded by grinding her ass into my face, trying to get my tongue deeper. Feeling her moan on my cock was amazing, she kept stroking my cock the whole time and she was so good at it, I knew if we were together again we would just be getting each other off orally but I didn't want it to end that way today. I think she was ready for me to cum because her talented mouth went to work on my cock, deep throating me and running her tongue all over my cock at the same time. I couldn't believe that I was able to hold off. I knew I was ready to fuck her but I wanted one last taste, so I grabbed her ass and got my tongue as deep into her pussy as I could. I wanted her on my lips for as long as I could have her. 

I think she knew I was ready to be fucked because without me saying anything she pushed herself up a bit and dragged her pussy down my body, leaving a trail of her juices, hmmmm. I had a great view between her legs as she grabbed my cock and held it straight up and lowered her pussy onto it. I wish I could spit out the words to describe how good it felt. It was like a perfect fit. Then she started with her hips. Just grinding away. I could feel her hand going between my balls and her clit, stroking her clit and milking my balls. I never felt so big and hard as I did at that moment. I held her ass in my hands as she continued to fuck me, playing with her cheeks and teasing her asshole. 

I asked her to turn around so I could suck on her nipples some more and without even getting off my cock she spun around, my eyes rolled to the back of my head when she did that. 

She kept grinding away now even more so with her clit against my pelvis and she lowered one of her tits to my mouth. Feeding me her nipple. It was rock hard and I bit onto it and sucked it hard into my mouth. Popping the one nipple out of my mouth I grabbed the back of her head and pulled her mouth down to mine. I loved kissing her. I could tell she was getting close to cumming because my balls were getting coated in her warm juices. I wanted to cum so badly right then but I had to hold off. I tried to match her grinding by pushing up and that seemed to start to set her off. First the moans in my mouth then she broke the kiss and started to swear. That was so fucking hot. Then she screamed out that she was cumming and that was enough to set me off. I pumped what felt like buckets of cum deep into her pussy. My cock was still twitching in her pussy as she laid down on me. I could still feel her pussy muscles flexing milking every last drop from my cock. Holding her tight to me all I could say was wow to her. All I could think was I hope we can do this again.