 As she boarded the plane for the convention, she noticed him sitting across the aisle from her assigned seat. He was busy reading the paper and appeared not to notice her as she placed her carry-on luggage in the compartment above her head. 

He did notice though, as his eyes darted from the paper to the soft curves of her body before him.

She could almost feel his eyes on her as she stood on her toes to make her bag fit, and for a moment, she began to imagine the possibilities. Then, reality hit her as she remembered all the work that she still had to do before she arrived at the convention.

With that, she pulled out her laptop and began working on her presentation.

The next thing she remembered, was being told by the flight attendant that they had landed. She didn't even remember falling asleep, quickly noticing that the attractive man sitting across the aisle had already departed. Probably for the best she thought.

On the cab ride from the airport, she couldn't resist fantasizing about what might have been. Perhaps if she was able to let go of her tendency to always be in control, she might have given him the signal that she was ready to give herself to him - if only for a short while. Maybe next time she thought, as she rushed into the hotel where the convention was being held.

After checking in she stopped at the bar for a glass of wine before heading to the convention floor. She sat alone for some time, enjoying the quiet of her thoughts. Then, without warning, she heard his voice.

"I hope I'm not being to forward, but do you mind if I join you?" he asked.

She turned to tell him that she would rather be alone right now, but only made it halfway through her sentence. It was him, and her words trailed off as she sat speechless, staring into his eyes.

"I'm sorry, I noticed you on the flight earlier, and was kicking myself for not introducing myself, then I see you here and thought, I would have never forgiven myself if I didn't at least say hello." He said.

She wanted to speak, but remained silent, her mind moving faster than she could remember. Then, before he could say another word, she reached forward and pulled an ink pen from his suit pocket. He looked puzzled at first as she grabbed a bar napkin and began writing something on it. She then stood up, placed the napkin in his front pocket and leaned in close to his ear.

In a whisper, she said, "Give me 5 minutes, then come find me."

As the elevator doors closed she felt flush, nervous and excited - all at once. Did she just do what she thinks she did? Did she just invite a perfect stranger to her room?

As she entered her hotel suite she began to wonder if she had lost her mind. She wondered if he would come, and if he did, would she even open the door.

Just then, she heard a firm nock on the door.

With a deep breath, she looked through the peephole to see him standing there and knew at this point there was no turning back.

Opening the door she motioned for him to come in. He began to speak when she brought her finger to his lips. He understood, as he took hold of her hand and led her to the large king size bed.

Her breathing increased as he sat on the bed and whispered for her to get undressed. As if in a trance she did as she was told, her hands shaking as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse, letting it fall across her shoulders then onto the floor. 

Avoiding his gaze, she looked down to unfasten her bra. A soft moan escaping him as her full breasts tumbled out into view. She paused for a moment, before pushing her skirt and panties down over her hips and ass, bending forward to remove them completely. When she stood back up, she was completely naked and looking down into his eyes.

She was nervous, but also excited by the thought of someone else being in control, standing there in silence, waiting for his next command.

Standing up he motioned for her to get on the bed, removing his jacket, then shirt, and shoes.

Her hands instinctively began to move up and down her body as she watched him undress. She felt sexy as she caressed her breasts before him, watching intently as he finally removed his pants to reveal his hardening cock.

She trembled as she watched him move closer, her hands now moving towards her sex. Standing at the foot of the bed he watched as she touched herself, his own hand slowly tracing the length of his shaft.

As he crawled onto the bed he kissed his way up the inside of her thigh until she could feel his breath brushing against her folds, sighing deeply when she felt his tongue ease inside her.

With his hands on the back of her thighs, he began to devour her, sucking her clit into his mouth as he slides a single finger inside her. Then another, the wet sounds of her pussy filling the room. He could feel her hands in his hair as she pulled him closer, moaning loudly as she came.

As her breathing slowed, he rose up and quickly her to her knees facing away from him, his hand landing across her ass as he groaned. "Fuck", he whispered, before easing himself inside her, looking down to watch as his cock slowly vanished from view. He didn't want to move at first, enjoying the feel of her warm, wet pussy gripping his shaft, but soon found his hips rocking back and forth, as his cock began to ease in and out of her.

She moaned each time he pushed his cock inside her, and with each thrust, she felt herself getting closer and closer all over again. "Don't stop", she whimpered, giving in to the moment and letting go completely.

Reaching forward, he grabbed hold of her hair, snapping her head back towards him as he continued to thrust deep and hard - sending her over the edge for the second time.

"I want to cum in your mouth", he said breathlessly, as he fell back on the bed, his cock still slick and hard.

She did as instructed and crawled between his legs, immediately taking his cock into the back of her throat. She could feel his fingers, tangled in her hair as he fucked her mouth, knowing he was only seconds away from his end.

With one final thrust, he felt his cock erupt in her mouth, her tongue continuing to swirl around his shaft until his cum escaped from her lips.

His breathing was heavy and labored as he came, her moaning only adding to the pleasure.

Once she was satisfied that he was done, she let his cock slip from her lips, then crawled her way up his body, her breasts softly dragging along on his chest.

He started to speak, and again she pressed a finger to his lips.

He understood, moving to stand and dress without saying a without a word.