 The day started as any ordinary Saturday would. But this would turn out to be anything but an ordinary day for me. 

I started the day with a shower and breakfast for the family. As I cleaned the kitchen after everyone was finished eating, my daughter's friend called and wanted me to bring her over to play for the day. I figured, why not, this way I would have the day to myself and I could do the spring cleaning that my house so desperately needed. Besides, all single parents need a day to themselves from time to time even if it is spent spring cleaning.

When I returned home I began the usual Saturday cleaning ritual. I turned on some music, lit some candles and began cleaning. First the bathroom, all of the bed rooms, the living room, and then the kitchen. Once all of the rooms in the house were clean, I began the ever growing baskets of laundry that seemed to get larger each week. I took my time sorting the colors from the whites and couldn't help but wonder why the piles got larger when the days of the week were always the same.

After the first load was put into the wash, I decided to relax and read a couple of the weekly magazines that I picked up at the store the other day. Just as I began to get lost in the tales of the rich and famous, the phone rang. I wondered who it could be since everyone was with who generally calls for them and all of my friends usually communicated via email or text messages. I was surprised to hear his voice return my hello. He never called on the weekends. Our time was always during lunch or after work. I don't know why, but that is just how it was. He asked, "What are you doing today?" "Not much, just the usual", I replied. I questioned his surprising call and he said he had a few minutes between errands and just wanted to say "Hi". Our conversation was cut short due to another call he received. 

I sat with a little smile at the thought of him calling me on the weekend. The washer was now finished and I had to get the next one started so I left my smile in the chair as I went to put the finished load in the dryer and start the next one. My mind must have been a million miles away, or in the chair with my smile, because when I felt someone's hand on my hips I screamed and turned around with my hand pulled back ready to hit whoever was behind me. My fear quickly left me when I realized it was him. I was so surprised to see him standing there, I was briefly speechless. 

"What are you doing here?" I asked. 

"I thought I would surprise you." he said. 

"It worked. I am very surprised."

"Good." he said. 

He pulled me close to him and the rock in his pants let me know why he decided to stop by so unexpectedly. "Wow, our phone call did this to you?" I asked him. "The thought of being inside you does much more than that to me." He said as he pulled my head back to bite my neck. His bite was just hard enough to send pulses straight to my pussy making it so wet that I knew my juices had to be running down the inside of my thighs. 

"Turn around." He said. I knew I had to do as I was told or he would leave right then. I don't exactly know why, but I was very submissive to him. There have been nights that I would lay awake and wonder why he had this control over me? I have never been submissive to anyone and I liked it. It also made my nervous at times. It was a good nervous though. Like the way you felt on your first date or when someone you liked in high school responded to the note you passed to him after lunch. 

I turned around and he whispered "Good girl" in my ear as he pulled my ass back onto him so I could feel his erect cock getting ready to bust the zipper on his pants. He must have noticed me look towards the door because he told me not to worry, he locked it behind him when he came in. "Take off your shorts." He commanded. I pushed my shorts over my hips and let them fall the rest of the way to the floor. I wondered what the expression was on his face when he saw that I hadn't put on any panties that morning. He was apparently pleased because he immediately ran his hand around my waist and down to my throbbing pussy. My legs quivered and he pushed his fingers between my legs and down to the bottom of my dripping wet lips. 

I reached around and grabbed his ass to pull him closer to me and he said "No. Lean forward on the washer." As I did so, he ran his other hand down the middle of my ass until his hands met. He separated my lips with his hand that was in front of me and he slid two of his fingers of the hand that was behind me deep inside my pussy. My knees almost gave out from the waves that went through my body caused by the power of his thrust.

"Take off your shirt." He said. I pulled my shirt over my head and dropped it to the floor next to my shorts. "Now take off your bra." I reached behind me and unfastened the clasp and let it slide down my arms to the top of the washer. He grabbed my hair with a slightly firm grip and pulled my head back so he could lick my lips. He teased my mouth with his tongue as he pleased my pussy with his fingers. 

I could feel myself getting closer to cumming with each thrust of his fingers. "Can I cum for you?" I asked. "Not yet." He said. I was having a hard time holding it in but I had to. He massaged my breast as he pulled me closer to him. I could feel his cock growing harder with each of my moans. "Are you ready to cum for me?" he asked. "Yes." I said. "Can I please cum for you?" As he gave me permission, I let go of all that I was holding in. He began to push his fingers faster and deeper into me. He pulled my head back again and kissed me deeply as my moans filled his mouth. I put my hand on his to hold it still as I came. I could feel my juices run down his fingers onto mine. I could hear how much I had came as he pulled his fingers from my pussy so he could run his fingers across my bottom lip. I opened my mouth a little to let him know that I wanted to suck my juices from them. He let me because he knew how much I liked the way I tasted on his fingers. 

I turned around and leaned back against the washer to relax for a moment and I told him that I was glad he came by. "No, I am glad you came", he said with a little smirk as he sat down in a chair at the table. He took my hand and pulled me towards him. As I stood naked before him and watched him look at me, all I could think about was taking off his clothes so I could feel his cock inside me. 

He stood up and began to take his shirt off. I unfastened his pants as he pulled his shirt over his head. As I pushed his pants and boxers down, he sat down in the chair again. I removed each shoe and pant leg as he lifted each of his legs. I laid his clothes next to mine. He pulled me up to him with his hands on each side of my face. He kissed me again as I placed one of my hands around his cock. I slowly strocked up and down and I could fell him throbbing and growing harder with each stroke. I could tell he wanted to be inside me just as much as I wanted him to be. 

I pulled away from his kiss and lowered myself so that I could taste him in my mouth. As I sucked as much of his cock as I could into my mouth, I could taste the cum that had already seeped out as I was stroking him. I sucked all of it from the tip just before I stood up to sit on his lap. As I lowered myself slowly onto him, I could feel all of his cock go deep inside me. I stopped for a moment so I could feel him. I could feel his cock pulsing as he grabbed my waist when I slowly raised myself until the tip was just about to come out of my pussy. 

I felt his grip get tighter. This was his way of letting me know not to let his cock come all the way out of me. As I began to ride him, he pushed me down a little faster each time. I could feel him thrust up to meet me to push his cock further inside each time. I tried to slow down so that I didn't cum again so quickly. He told me not to and thrust harder up to me. As I rode him faster, I could no longer hold it all in. I looked at him for permission and he said, "Cum for me again. I am ready to cum for you." I could feel his cum explode inside me as I came. He held me down on him and I could fell his cock pulsing inside me as we came. 

As I collapsed onto his shoulder, he pulled my hair away from my neck and he gently kissed his way up to my ear to tell me, "You have been a very good girl."